Trudge Tracking?
Maybe launch a couple missiles
Yes
Tour the place we know
Oh
And aim a Metaphella
Whose first name begins with O
There's one thing we all underestimate
The blue palcator will be finished
Until we blow up Pakistan
Okay
We could chase and round forever
With our tanks and all our troops
The special forces are so tired
Of jumping through them clues
We don't need another place
Until let's cut out all the nonsense
And we'll blow up Pakistan
Oh right
Now clear the need and use rear-tank
You'll be sure I don't need stop to see food
And we'll blow up Pakistan
What did he say that he's a tad hootin'
What did he say?
Boom boom
You're free on
Ten oh two man I've been around some nervous knellies
In my time but I have never
Just like the thing we were discussing about
War Time Constiturious
Popeye Genko, look what we got
Uh, look what we got
Man, oh man
Get the staff shrunken there for muffin clearance okay
The trucking staff
Wow, wow, get the old truck and head in there for them
Boy, oh boy, talk about crazy then appear a bedbugs
Anyway
Happy Wednesday to you
It's a real happy day for us
Cause we got a Marlin game
And the sun is shining, it's not gonna rain
Hey did you get this pump and a copy yet?
Yes okay
When you just relax you're a little wired too now
Because of all that shenanigans going on this morning
It was fun to watch
You know it is one thing when you
F**k something out that we can't put on the year
Under the current environment that exists
The current chilling climate that exists
But when you f**k that isn't even there
And then you have a couple of boneheads who can
Oh I hear it, it's under there somewhere
And there's nothing there
Then you know at that point they're both over the age
They both need a long cooling out period you know what I'm saying
Wow
So much going on
Carry non by the way is on our website today
She's our behind our
Beauty curtain
We'll get to that stuff in a minute
First the bad news besides the muffin clearance came in
Don't let them come in again
And aim more right before the show
That's that
No seriously
Uh even in the stewardess Michigan
They wouldn't do that to you before you're supposed to do a radio show
Especially a talk show
They wouldn't do that to you
Just mess with your mind
Everybody
Everybody
Now let's hear that again
Let's hear that again
How about a better bleep
That's America searching for a better bleep
That's what we're doing in search of a better bleep
While bleeping people are dying all over the world
For example
Jubilant residents yank the bodies of four foreigners
One a woman at least one an American out of their burning cars today
Dranging the charred corpses through the streets
And hung them from the bridge
Spending the Euphrates River in Fallujah
Five American troops died in a roadside bombing nearby
The brutal treatment of the four corpses came after they were killed in a rebel attack
On their SUVs in the Sunni Triangle City
About 35 miles west of Baghdad
It was reminiscent of the 1993 scene in Somalia
When a mob dragged the corpse of a US soldier through the streets of Mogadishu
Eventually leading to the American withdrawal from the African nation of Somalia
And one of the bloodiest days of the US military this year
Five American troops died
When their military vehicle ran over a bomb in the suffrage incident 12 miles to the northwest
Champing Fallujah is the graveyard of Americans
Residents cheered after the grizzly assault
On two four-wheel-draft civilian vehicles which left both in flames
Others chanted we sacrifice our blood and souls for Islam
In other words
But a little bit like that
Associated press TV news picture showed one man beating the charred corpse with a metal pole
Others tied a yellow rope to a body
Hooked it to a car and dragged it down from the mainstream town
Two black and embankled corpses were hung from a green iron bridge
Across the Euphrates
Well, that's interesting now. I'd like to know when they bring into candy and flowers for the rest of the troops
The ones where I still alive now that we've reached the 600 mark even
They're gonna agree to us with candy and flowers
Right
Anyway, here's the result yesterday's pool
Do we have to really read all these names?
What a half
Well, we got Marlins on Dec. 1250 today
And the Marlins at the O'Rail's in Fort Lauderdale 105
The Humphreur the Hebrew Hammer follows the baseball game
And we got no rain in sight and it's a beautiful day inside Florida
So that means we have a nice short show today and believe me this is the appropriate day for it
What was your all-time favorite Elvis Presley song we asked in our poehliest today on the famous neo-roggies.com where we don't have any phony options by the way
Elvis sucks 310 of you said that 22.7 percent
I thought it'd be a lot higher net. It started at about 38 percent and I went down from there
As the Elvis people came flocking in to vote on our pool. Can I say flocking? No
As the Elvis people came f***ing in. Oh, that makes any of the words then
help
Say sometimes no bleep is better than yeah, I see yeah, that's what we learned this morning
Right. Oh, what a couple of bleeping idiots man. Jesus
Hey, those two at the helm. We gotta be all we all ought to be on a beach by about 230 this afternoon permanently
Elvis sucks 310 of you said that 22.7 percent
But your favorite Elvis Presley song we have a long list. I'm only gonna read the ones in double digits
Can't help following a lot of 112 if that's the best Elvis Presley song in heaven help us, you know
Suspicious minds 110
Feel House rock 87 a little less conversation 70 at the sucks in the ghetto 63
Town dog 59 Viva Las Vegas 55 especially when Bob Lincoln sings that I get really worked up all shook up 51
Return to sender 42 Kentucky rain 40
Burning love 38 then I should have done better net burning loves pretty good. It's okay
Huh, it's okay. Oh, I was gonna play a little bit of burning Roy's but it
Have to do today. We uh, oh talk about getting a couple people really f***ing crazy
Love me 10 to 35 caught the trap 34. That's all right mama 29
Loose wage use 28 with apologies to Carl Perkins who still did fools Russian 25
One night 21. That should have been much harder than that. That's a great song. That may be the only really good song you ever did
Little sister 19. It's now or never 18 to wonder review 16. I want you. I need you
I love you 12 blue Christmas 11 and after that it's single digits for all these other
Marginal songs where my ringer mind your neck was then good to not only have three
But what what is wrong when he's Elvis people even the people that liked him their tastings in there is in your touch man
What can I say that their taste is in your
um
Where my ringer mind your neck is just great. That was actually another pretty good song. Well anyway
There is the Elvis stuff from yesterday
If I could only tell them if we get out I should have had that tape roll in this morning
I'm getting a little slow in my old age in my cottage
If I would have had the tape roll and I'd play that the little meeting we had this morning
We could do a replay from oh now now you couldn't do it justice. Okay. It's couldn't do it justice
I can
Hearing things that don't exist. Oh, but I want a better bleep in there
A better bleed to cover up what you quizzling you cypaled in you you silly goose man
Anyway, Terry none she's behind to be the curtain if you're over the age of 62
If you're not collecting social security yet, but you're read on the edge
If you have 14 pieces of ID and if you have permission slips from the attorney general and all of his ass systems
Then you might be able to take a quick peek at the behind to be the curtain picture today. It's Terry none
probably I think she is I don't know about 45 42. Oh
Sorry, Terry. He was born June 26
1961 and for some reason the IMTB bio here is very very weak
I could look up some other bios this morning, but Eric decided to sleep in so I had a very short the
short time spanner to check this out
audition for the role of Princess Lee and this what are you playing that those are her songs
uh, audition for the role of Princess Lee in the Star Wars series
um
of filmography sing 1989 interspace 87 space balls a space
1987 top gun better off dead, which is how I think some people might have building ought to be
uh the Georgia peaches now what this is going to be um I don't understand
I don't get it what
I don't know it starts all over again the Georgia peaches uh scared straight another story kd portrait of a centerful
These are the TV ones. I thank God it's Friday and having babies three
We're having three babies and there you go
So she's in a whole bunch of stuff Terry none she's on air and if you're like very old you can go take a look at that now
mention her most famous role what's that the leapsing her berlin and all those hits yes it does oh
I just didn't get to that okay. I don't listen
Very short time span because Eric slept in late
real late. He's uh 10 days late and 45,000 short we got those two blathering idiots and
That were bugging us before the show this morning for about 40 minutes, which is never gonna happen again
And uh number three year who fears okay, now here's the deal stop at cc.com
I guess it'll need a moral now because it sure isn't gonna happen today not with fast-so sleeping and late up there
but uh i think this is god in the york i got to tip my hat to him because very rarely it is like one individual
It goes to show that people can make a difference
one guy put his uh put his heads together and come up with such a good idea and really carry it through so well
He's got 130,000 plus signatures already
And florida by the way is only about 170 behind texas were catching on i'm not gonna push it today by the end of the week
You're right we'll pass texas like those yahuas are standing still to move in the second place behind california
Which is uh often running
But i'm looking at the a page today and this is really interesting
Something brand new well first first before that
I
Notice at the bottom of the page on stop at cc.com scott says this project is getting very expensive for me to run
We've set up a paypal account to accept donations
I don't want you to get confused with that and the thing we're gonna raise donations for to buy the newspaper
And you want to say today or wherever
But i would hope that some in fact i know i'm gonna
With some cash if you can donate any amount even five bucks to stop at cc.com and the campaign for free speech
Please keep the book click the button below. Oh watch what you said
And then scott of he's a master correcting you donate so please send him a few bucks, okay
And but anyway, he's you've got a new feature on here with their link to our letter generator to send letter to your senators
This is fabulous
And when you click on that link letter generator it comes up with the thing for you to assign your name and address
And then all you do is press the button underneath that and it ought to you click in which state you live in
And you just click send to my two senators and about a bing there it goes you don't have to do anything else
Which i think is absolutely fabulous nice going scott sensational job
So coast to show you out of a 300 million people there's one out there
It's really doing a hell of a job nice going and he doesn't give a
About that
In fact, he does give a crap about it, which is why i started the whole thing
12 minutes after 10 at 560 wq aim
Let me tell you right now if the macros gets worn out your back is gonna tell you because you wake up feeling in the morning like crap
Like you haven't slept at all
So if you need new macros there all kinds of ways to do it you can head to your bedding or department store
Get ripped off where you can do the smart thing like i've been doing for a long time
Call our good friends a dollar macros one 800 macros
The out of macros backs up everything they see and they're advertising a 140 percent
But the competitor still lie a lot when you see a big macros said making outrageous claims
Be sure to redefine print and you'll discover all of those lies
Here's an example there's a big headline that says half off
But then you discovered that this only applies to limited select abitems you've never buy everything else is full price
And they probably double the regular price first and you'll probably never be able to make the third change if you don't like it anyway
But if down a macros derailleur has had no tiny print no disclaimers when you call one 800 macros
You'll see that the prices are so low other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete
Down a macros has a no-risk 30-day competitive change follow-up
On all beds including yours don't forget when you call down a macros at one 800 macros
You're getting your company ranked number one overall customer satisfaction from Kendall to Stuart Palmbeats to Ford Myers
And dollar macros reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide to buy from somebody else
So what you'd be waiting for do the smart easy convenient thing just make that one easy call the one 800 macros or log under their website
macros.com
dial a macros at one 800
MATTR ES the honest way to buy you a great bed
I
HATE this place
The medications don't work I've been here for seven years nothing works here. I hate this place
Nothing works here. The medications don't work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place
Nothing works here
Thank you
George Bush
You can learn so that you can
Oh boy, baby. Yes, ma'am now you said you
So deputy just fine. My you be
At sent in your mind George Bush
Your position since they has John Kerry
Is up to your fate it's those questions
Of something national guard that might lead your rep
You
Just say you're not
What a funny thing
Oh
The story
17 at 560 W and Rick faxed and said I love it finally
He's gonna test to find public under wrote just remember that she's been coasted on what to say until a cow's come home
I wouldn't be surprised if she invoked of the fifth one more than one occasion
He says I really hope she does and makes the whole of ministry whole administration to look for themselves into a grave
Says Rick whose relentless and also and he's right
Big Arnie says the year Wayne Heisenga talking about why he kept on set on his head coached at all pins
No, I did not I guess he called the a little dog this morning is what I heard Joe say at the end of a show
You didn't hear it? No
One of the things Wayne mentioned as a matter of fact I'm thinking right now in honor of this. Why do we play?
That's right. We can't what I just wanted to stir up a little psychosis in his theory and both of their minds
Because they're probably listening right now on the edge of each other's seat
Anyway see I heard that I heard the age yeah, but I didn't say anything else
Oh, we can't say age. Oh
Anyway, one of the things you mentioned is that they've wants to say religious man
Oh, yeah, what fact does that have to do with anything should he be fired if he wasn't religious man
And then he says Jesus Christ or speaking of a Christ
Yeah, what's that guy up there the attorney general of the state of Florida Charlie Christ
Here's a riddle for you and I'm not gonna give you the answer
What does Mark Foley that the Republican
Representative from West Palm Beach Mark Foley Charlie Christ and Charles Nelson Riley have in common now
That's the riddle I'm not gonna give you the answer
I didn't say anything
I'm just I'm just crossing that out there for you to think about
Throughout today dead because two of them are still alive. I mean, I don't want an answer. Okay. It was a rhetorical question
What does Charlie Christ Mark Foley and Paul and have in common? I'll think about it. Okay. Well Paul
End is dead so that couldn't be it anyway five six seven what am I gonna remember out having a pull question?
Yeah, well under a lot of stress and pressure today because before this year we had
Like a little seminar there's a brain trust came in
Like that
Wow that that was special man. I've heard some real crap in my time
So then the thing we can still say crap. I mean a darn good thing gosh darn and we can still say crap
Because that was the biggest pile of manure man
Even the cow fields in Iowa they have never seen or smelled manure like we just got laid on us for about 40 minutes
That was really talk about piling on
Here's today's full question
I don't think we ever actually we do this before
No, I never did. No, if you could be anything is living person for one year
Who would it be?
Now George said Rupert Murdoch
So I was thinking about it. I'm not really sure
Since you said for a year because I wouldn't want to be like impermanently, you know, he's old
Right, but for a year I could do a lot of yeah, you probably will be a lot of stash away a lot of bank accounts in Switzerland fights
I'm gonna put down Tom Brady
Okay, okay, because although I wouldn't want to get hurt in them football games
But nevertheless he's got his big and strong and of course they're with those looks and everything you do whatever
That you want, you know, I mean guys girls anything
I mean just I'm talking about friends of course, we're not talking about that right people to hang out with
So anyway, that's our full question
I think it's pretty interesting if you could be anything is living person for one year who would it be and don't give me this
Oh, I'm happy being who I am yeah, right. Oh please
I always want to do that, you know, I don't give me that crap. Okay, we're not that way. You can weigh in. Hello
Hey, good morning. How do you guys doing pretty good?
I was wondering if I could go speak him. I mean, okay
I just got a I got an idea for a poll. Okay
The poll would be basically you know who gave who gave the who's saying all those weapons and mass destruction and
Yeah, that's good. Okay
Oh
Dude, it's gonna be great. Thank God for that ballgame and we love the Marlins. They are the best. They're my favorites
Marlins and the Orioles in four-letter-day alarm. Marlon on deck pregame is a 12 15-amart game title 105
It's gonna be great in the sunshine state in fact. Let's play 10
10 what how come we haven't put the poll up there if you put the poll up now
There we got to push you what we don't have anything for it yet. We got two names and then he can go away and then Josh can add a mother
That's my point see all right. We don't need to hold much of names because obviously he's got a little bit catching up to do up there in Orlando
He's got to start making a bacon for all them sandwiches. He's gonna be eating
So let's get with it Eric. Okay, let's hop on it baby. We got Terry none
And her brother Sam none they're on there naked
WQA and hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing pretty good? Hey, you know, uh, so I guess we're gonna get this right to testify, huh
This bush is a flip-flop artist
He says one thing and he does something else flip-flopper. Yeah, okay WQA. I'm hello
They're all doing stick to this way
Yeah, we're trying to save the world again WQA. I'm hello. What we haven't heard from that idiot in a long time. I'm
Yes, sir
Don't worry about nails thing. No, we're not there. Didn't ask a question. Okay, she's just Kate Christ man
Wow, if you could be any famous living person for one year who would it be? I think that's a fine question
And of course then when bush comes on yesterday and does that real quick with no questions asked in the oil how come you wait
It's so long and he's running away from the press. Uh, who's he kiddin man only the dumbest of the dumb
To a lot of what he really should have said was the political pressure got heated up so bad
We had to drag her out and put the bitch on here. We just hope she don't make a fool out of herself
And yeah, the audience said that's the name of that tune
I thought of course you were gonna say that but that's basically what he said
WQA and hello, good morning. Yeah, I'm pretty good. Oh my god. That stuff in the luge are really boiled my blood
Yeah, I understand you know that what I'm about to say isn't gonna go over well and I understand you know
What you're about to say in other words, this is a preface to what you're about to say sort of
Yeah, if I can
Do you feel allow me yeah, I just basically you know feel it
I mean, I understand the angle about uh
That we that we went to Iraq on false pretenses and the whole thing with Bush and I don't support him at all
But the fuck these hypocritical
Iraqis are gonna you know cheer that said I don't think it's gone
But then you know they don't like us being there and they're attacking people that are really trying to help
You know, I mean they're trying to help rebuild the help rebuild by closing down newspapers that they don't like the opinion of for example
And by taking cutting off their just taking away their jobs and
By turning by turning their cities into like a blood bath into a nightmare
Well, I mean
You're right now you're buying this whole baloney that we went there to liberate your acutely
I would get some help I get some mental help immediately before the day's outbreak
We didn't get you three for one deal with Duffin clearance. Okay. We didn't get you held a deal package deal
They got package deals that every shrink and fail now because times are tough
We didn't go there to liberate anybody. Okay. The Neal cons designed this whole and then that's what's coming out now
With all this a kind of Lisa businessman
With Richard Clark and with Paul O'Neill and all of these people
This is nothing new
This is no like Paul Kerman said in the article right yesterday. There's no debate about this
They had the roadmap for all of this crap drawn out there five years ago two years before 911
They were just waiting for any excuse and that's why right after 911
Well, I would did a racquet of anything to do with this. I want you to go and find me some of the connection with Iraq
Yeah, I mean what kind of garbage is that?
And those people everybody there the Iraqis themselves and the 600 Americans and the Brits and the Australians
Everybody else who's died there
They'd still be alive today for word for this insanity not to mention of course how we've left on our guard on the war on tear
Because we've ever done all these resources and troops there into this bogus war in Iraq and you're buying into it
And how they should be grateful to us well, although first of all our crazy religious nuts, all right
We're not gonna straighten out. We're not gonna democratize the Middle East
That's a that's a pipe dream. It's a lunacy and if we want to democratize the Middle East
Why don't we start and sell those great democracies like Saudi Arabian Pakistan, huh? That would be good
Yeah, democratize the Middle East by fat ass lunatics insane crazy people
And this last guy talked to his another one
I'm not for boy. That's not bad. That these in grades these bastards there
Yeah, right. He'd be real sympathetic. It's how he had to were patrolling the streets kicking his door down
That's right. That would be great and closing down the hero
Which probably be a better idea than whatever newspaper they shut down in Iraq. He'd greet them with candy
And flowers well, they had a shutdown that paper because it was a head to do something with Shiite. Yeah
Oh no
27 past 10 at 560 w. Q. A. M. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need my friends
It's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are incredible your pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit
If you're a fee zero discounted points gives yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25 percent
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just three thirty four a month
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments to just six sixty eight a month and no forget
Once you refund answer get a new home mortgage from financial group
You'll never ever pay closing costs again
So call today and find out about it. You'll love it call one eight six six three nine five land
If the low rate mortgage you deserve then move to your next property with no further cost of expense
You pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero closing costs even when you move to another property
Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25 percent with the only one mortgage from financial group for details
Here's that number to call again. It's a brand new number
1 866 395 land and never ever pay closing costs again
1 866 395 L. E. N. V. The Reneku housing lender restrictions apply rates subject change monthly 4.21 APR
This is for trial
Doesn't know what is microfold is on and that's when he says the time this things and now all of his verbal gas are on one amazing video
It's John Kerry gone wild
My not the popular
opinion but damn it I love jelly great moving yes
John Kerry is running for president and he's running his mouth and we've captured every job property statement on
John Kerry got a wild I'd love to shake my hand
But I've got to get back so I can get square-eyed in over some reason I'm
Grangerie corrected it's personal. It's comical. It's controversial. It's done right creepy. It's John Kerry gone wild
I don't care what you do to Ralph Nader just make it look like an accident order in the next 10 minutes
And you also get this special bonus video John Kerry gone wild snoop dog style
What up? He's done Kerry is up into his own for sugaral minisels
Get both John Kerry gone wild videos with a well-known campaign contribution of only 49 95 and soft money
Go now what word did he say? It's 10 30 105 16 everybody got thought he said
There's a little bit of a drizzle
Anyway, yeah Earl says Bill Gates
We got you down he wants Bill Gates why he wants his money I guess this choices these choices are kind of strange
Uh you have to attend Rupert Murdock to Tom Brady one would just put the Bill Gates on it
We'll build this list even if it takes us to three four five. We'll do it while the ballgame is on
Nobody QA him. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I think that um, I think that they wanted to go to Iraq from the minute
Yeah, okay great. Well, I'm really happy about that. We're not talking about that today
All of us are not a know-where if you want to do that kind of talk call up air America. They're debuting in noon today with the out frank
And show you won't be able to hear it. So call up air America. Okay
This part of the crowd out there that wants to do a light bulb radio all over again. I have no idea where this started from today
But but you talk about preaching to the choir we're stating the obvious we already know all of this okay all of these things
I'm trying to give you a little bit of diversion. Let's yuck it up a little bit. Let's have a little bit of fun
That's too much of course because we'll get some people upset
Anything oh speaking of another place you can peruse al gets gorge tv
The New York observers learned the former vice president algorithm business partner Joel Hyatt and Antipodon or Democratic fundraiser will close the deal to pay around
$70 million to French owned for vending universal this week making them the owners of the tiny digital cable channel news world
International and w i it's on lovely like direct tv
Yeah, anyway moving mr. Gore from politics to many media mogul them
mr. Gore's plans to transform these sleepy four news outlets into a youth oriented public affairs channel a jump cut news network for the iPod set
Despite most citrus claims that the network isn't attempting to be the liberal ended up to rupture merdox Fox news
It's difficult to ignore the obvious and may be fair and maybe balanced, but it's gonna be owned by Al Gore to which we say oh right what you go boy
So sad
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for resin wireless line we're debating why we go in into a rack today
Oh, why they don't love I don't know I they must have been listed as Joe Rochelle
Maybe Joe was talking about this heavy to small. What do you think? Oh, there's such hypocrites didn't they ask us to go over there?
wm hello
Hello, me yes, how are you okay?
Kindly it looks like a moose okay great wqm hello
Yes, sir, Neil yes, how about you have to
Yeah, he's an honor. He's got 13 votes. Good one five six seven oh five sixty if you could be any famous living person for one year
Who would it be what's that game? I got a good idea what you have her oh
What a good idea I get it I understand you have hello
Neil yes, sir
First of all, I got to give you a name for the poll and then I'll say about Wayne calling it yeah
The number one thing on your poll is gonna be breaking spears you want to know why?
Because forget about sending her money you play with her body all day you just stay home and never get anything done
I see okay moving right along don't say spoiler to her in the movie right now
All right, listen Wayne called up on your buddy moe show and was yelling at him and Geldy for misquoting really
Yeah, I didn't hear
Oh, how come I didn't hear Joe?
I heard him say was that Wayne called the station. I didn't hear was on the moe show
Wayne called moe at like 745 and I guess he said he was in the car. He was unhappy with
The miss quoting by Geldy and Moe and said he wanted to send some things straight and miss calling about what well
By the way, by the way, Wayne hates you a moe. I should point that out. I've mentioned that before but just in case you forgot
Yeah, well he was I guess before the before
Wayne called in Galby and Moe were talking about how he had talked about
He's a feeling of the next name arena and he just basically just some quotes and
He wanted to say that that was incorrect. So basically he even calling as a friend. He called them to you know yellow
Well, what do you mean he said that was incorrect? I heard them play that the yesterday. He did say that
He said well, he didn't say he would be said he might be for the next day in marina or something like that
Right, he said it was a quote that Wayne claimed he said was that he wanted a
Feelie to be the next day in marina whereas Moe and Geldy were saying you know, oh, you know
Wayne's playing he's gonna be the next in marina and so I said I never said he was gonna be the next day in marina
Would oh, he's told others we had a big contrast between
Wayne high zingga and the jelly and moe
That's what happened. It was about I can say is excellent. That's the best news I've heard audio you made my day, pal
All right, buddy. Well put Britney on the pole. Okay. She's on air. She's on the pool position
Uh, isn't that great? That is great
Boy sure took us a half an hour before we finally got the interpretation of that
Of course you have to be one of Moe's listeners. How many's he got?
They've heard that we don't have like a big crossover between us and the moment
Somebody q a.m. Hello. I would love to be Ricky Martin. I
Now don't be now can we play this?
I don't know and I know right now. Come on
Where is your adventure spirit
But I think another time
I don't know any of the lines in that okay, and I don't want to find out
I do you really? Yeah, the answer is no. No. I'll be dang
Well, in this second, wm hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Show start out a little rough, but yes, they show his great because
Alvin you okay, Reverend Jones
WQM. Hello. Hey, what's going on, man? How you doing, sir?
Pretty good pretty good. How about the go-to-brea? Who is it?
McGill Cabrera
McGill Cabrera the model is player. Oh, okay. McGill Cabrera I never heard of it in my life
I couldn't name it three marlins players if you stuck our gun to my nose. I couldn't name you one. Oh, I can let's see
Brad Penny he's gone in the team
Yeah
But the only effort about I don't I don't follow the baseball anymore. I gave up baseball the last time they said oh
I couldn't pay to the point of you just like hockey this year when they do the same thing next September
I'm gonna say oh well, uh, you know, although I won't give that up entirely, but if they ever play again
In fact, I got permission from and I want the audience to know that clearance
It wants to apologize profusely for that scam that we ran yesterday that we were forced to read the a course
That encouraged to read the promos for that auction, which it turns out it wasn't for sure to eat all
It was for the beeslees for a little what was the term used a new revenue stream
Yeah, I'm screaming all over myself just thinking about it. Okay a new revenue stream
That is the chinsiest that I mean seriously, you know you joke about the thing that maybe you're not joking about the
Deliverance and the banjo boy and all of that stuff
I don't think that's an exaggeration and of course we've all met Bob Vermouth have only
Speaks for itself
But I mean these people man
If you if you're out there in nice day like today and you're wondering around you see some folks up in a tree
You know, that's their tree house man the beeslees. That's not a possum
Boy, it is so scary a new revenue stream for the beeslees while good and tell people about tell say commercial enterprise and that they're
They're fleecing the public depending on a bunch of sports member obelio, okay
God
sends me a promo here like it's something for charity like something for a good cause
Oh, well, we never really thought about that. Yeah, sure
No, they were too busy of thinking about
Sticking bleeps where there aren't any words. Yeah, how do we describe that to the audience? How do we describe that?
I think what you ought to do it. I think what you ought to know listen
Let's give them a demonstration right now. You've got that is it in your DCS yet
That we got that the big word block. I got a cute up. Okay, let's play it
After the break all right, I'm gonna play that bit and then I'm gonna demonstrate to you the how all of this
SCC pressure has affected the minds and I use the term minds loosely of some of our programming genius
In South Florida and all around the rest of the country how the chilling effect of the FCC has had forced these people over the age
It is a scary thing
Twenty before 11 at 560 W. Kim. Let's see who have there's got 33 Bill Gates 10 Tom Brady 7
Uh, Rupert Murdoch 3 Britney Spears 1 and Ricky Martin and McGrell McGrell McGrell and McGrell Cabrera don't have any
Miguel Cabrera who the hell is that?
He's one of the marlins. What's wrong with you man? I know Don Trell
burdened to spell with Don Trell willis
Isn't that good? Yeah, very good now. Let me think of some others some other marlins
Who's the kid that the one that game in the last game in the world series don't tell me
Uh, well, they traded away a whole bunch more people by the way. It's my name
Josh Beckett. Oh, man. Am I good or what?
Let's do a sports show
Josh Beckett. I'm so proud of myself now
Beckett rhymes with
19 before 11 at 560 WQM if your carpets are a little on the nasty look inside if it's time to get them cleaned and
Quispring clean is on a lot of people's mind if they're like not sloths
Here's the answer just make one simple call to our good friends at dry concepts because nobody comes close
To the amazing job they do for you. I'm not joking
I've been telling you for years that when they finish you look around it looks just like you had brand new carpening late on your floor
And most of the 20 years I've used them of course
I had the two dogs and when you got dogs
I don't have to tell you about the mess and the smell you got in the house and all the hair and all of that stuff
But believe me even when I had the dogs going they still every time they finish you look around and think this is like a miracle
Right on my floor they leave your carpets fiber and color soft to the touch. They smell lemony fresh
They're drying just a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll all over again
So if you want brand new looking carpets that are fractured because these are the people you want to call and don't forget
Right concepts gives you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job
Whether it's your carpeting your area rugs your drapery your pulseery all of these things
So call today and when you do a call drive concepts as far you can say 15%
I'm your next car for cleaning heaven puts understand by list will so save your off
They're already reasonable low price and don't forget like I said a guaranteed written price before they start to work
Call them today. They're the best in the universe call 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com
When of this program during a special news update, but sure about to hear as a live feed from Mars mission control
And these cars you know the Mars rover has dug up something on Mars
Rover bring it here boy bring it to the camera. It looks like it's a
Good boy
Who's a good soldier
And a chicken or a damn deed more to tails on rovers to scurry of a
Spoon on Mars as they become available. What did he find on Mars? Oh
1045 now these suggestions were getting that money to be with a Michael Jackson. Don't put that on there
You ought to trace that that sounds like some pedophile
Uh, and then George W or near Rogers. What what kind of suggestions are these? I don't know something's going on
What does that mean with all this ludicity? Yeah, I think it's uh insanity day in fact look at the click on stop scc.com right now
Okay, click on to it and you see we on the left instead of seeing the tallies from the various states
You're looking at it go there. Oh
What is that all about?
Scott's evidently having some problems with his website because you hear oh
But it's all good. I mean yeah. Well, what does that mean? I don't know
permission denied resource this but it'd be better
So I have no idea what that's all about but I think you're right today is the day the world went
No, no, look like that crazy
Somebody says Michael Douglass. Okay, let's put Michael Douglass on there. Oh, he thinks he's really hot. Okay, let's uh get that on here
Well, and you know by time the ballgame comes around. We'll have maybe a few names on here
Maybe ten
If you could be any famous living person for one year who would it be you have nerdy 44
76 votes till gate 17 top-ratey nine
Rupert Murdoch four Britney Spears two Ricky Martin none and Miguel Cabrera none
I mean who why would you want to be Miguel Cabrera? Can you explain that to me? Josh?
I should make a lot of money. He's like 19. I don't know. He's getting a lot of girls. Whatever. What can you do?
Is he really he's 19? He's getting a lot of action. How do you know that?
Well, uh, yes, can the magazine get an article about him or whatever and he's doing pretty well
Well, good for him
WQA hello good morning, Neil
Sir, I would like to add one to the call
Foreign Jeremy
Ron Jeremy. Okay, Ron Jeremy. This guy wants to be fat and hairy for a year
I don't think these people get it. Uh, it's great. Oh, yeah
I like it a lot Ron Jeremy would be great. Would you like to be Ron Jeremy? No, no
I sure wouldn't I don't want to sit on a chair. He's sat on
Oh god. How about uh, what's your name? The goddess?
He'll be on air America three to stack the known three to seven. Don't sit on the chair. She can sit on the way
That'd be a good pull by the way to take one day
Who uh what?
What chair or not? I'm trying to think how we would phrase that and Josh Friedman Randy Rhodes
I mean there were a whole bunch of people with you. They had previously sat on the chair
Want to sit on a chair after
Right. Well something like that. I think Josh Friedman might
It's Randy up
Somebody QA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I have a
suggestion for your poll really okay?
W
I want to be W for a year. Yeah, why's that? Um, I don't know. Oh, okay. Well think about it
Okay, put him on your Georgia W. Bush. Why not? Why not? Okay, they want to be W power
No, we're going to find out what it's like to be the movement like a drooling idiot WQ and hello
Anyhow you doing pretty good. Uh, I wouldn't want to sit on the chair afterwards
But so before the last break you said uh, he said Josh Beckett you know what rhymes with Beckett and for like all anyway now listen
We're gonna play that bit and I never got around a plan but we've got it. Oh, what a word block here
It is. It is everywhere the federal community begins commission is on a mission from God to protect your children
And perhaps yourself from the simple danger of dirty words
What you may not know is the FCC regulates your private telephone calls as well
That's why faith-based ministries corporation is proud to introduce word block
Simply attach the CCTV use device to your phone and the words of sitting will be blocked out instantly
Hello
Hello
You
Okay, now here's the deal every week
Polka Brian records is like four or five comedy bits and he asked to bring them into the station so that mufflinzy can
To find something productive to be doing and listen to them first to make sure that they're okay
They've got his squeal of approval to be on here
Right
So he brings these in yesterday which every two day I guess today that he generally shows up with a visc and
Muff sits down and listen to this and then he and clearance gets their heads together
That's the same clearance who gave me that memo yesterday and lied to me
And give me that pull crap about that phony auction about that new uh
Revenue stream, but anyway
And so they listen to these bits and so they get to this one and oh a little red light goes off in their head
Right
And duck goes through a whole
Herniotic son advance about he wishes that Volka would redo it so that the second bleep is as good as the first one
The only problem with that being is that Volka didn't verbalize any of the words that he bleaked out
In other words, he just put the bleep in there
There's no word actually there in a recording
But he wants to first bleep and a second bleep to be the same
Oh my god, we're talking about
A little crazy certifyably crazy people get the straight jackets
Get the honey junior straight jacket
Wow, I'll get the a not so straight jacket. Yeah for both of them
Man, that has got to be one of the most astonishing things and and we spent about I would say out of the 40 minutes
That we wasted in my life this morning with them the two of them in that seminar
About 20 minutes of it on at the bit
Playing it over and over. Oh, yeah, but I hear it. I hear it
They hear it because it's in their mind that they hear it a word that isn't there in their mind
That's what happens with you out of filthy dirty mind, okay
Emotional elder bush attacks sons critics
Top an emotional former president George Herbert Walker Bush yesterday
Defended his sons Iraq war and lashed out at White House critics
It is deeply offensive and contentable to hear elites and intellectuals on the campaign trail
This missed programs in Iraq since last year's overthrow of Iraqi leader son who's saying the elder boy said in a speech too
Hold on now, all right hold in a speech to the national pectoral chemical and refiners associations national convention and send it to the
Hotel Texas. Oh
So thanks for those little gas prices bush family
There was something ignorant in the way that dismissed the overthrow of a brutal dictator in the sewing proceeds of
basic human freedom in the that trouble part in the world he said the former president appeared to fight back tears
As he complained about media coverage of the younger boy that he called something short a fair and balanced
It hurts an awful lot more when it's your son who's been criticized than when they used to get all over my case
said Bush was often complained about media coverage of both boy presidency
Right
Please, yes, first of all when you consider the immediate treat of this one would like velvet gloves
The ultimate shell act is what they put on
scary
But the senior boy she's very upset and he's a pistol from far it up
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQM. Hello
Good morning. Good morning to you. Hi. I'd like to just give the
Idea for the poll for today. Yes, sir, please
How about Tiger Woods man this guy plays golf all the time. He's a multi-millionaire
He's hooked up with a sweetest supermodel. Exactly. Good choice. Excellent. Thanks, darling. Hi, man. Have a great day. Tiger Woods is a good choice
They got plays golf and he's making millions and millions and he's getting some very very serious hot action and
There you go
Let's see here's one it says I'd like to be jibbosch
But only till the end of the year so I can make sure period winzy election
That's cute. I like that. That is really cute
Oh, and then what did why did you fast me this thing about fox rule?
Why did you do that?
See a lot of you people out there your intentions are good, but you're preaching the requirement just to keep repeating the same stuff over
We all know about fox okay anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail most about fox
Except Teresa of course who's infected with him on passions, but she's on the inside. She ain't gonna be getting out anytime soon
You're watching that now aren't your passions? Oh, yeah, I'll be talking about it right now
That's your homework assignment in fact I guarantee you know a Sheridan the lot better you know Miguel Cabrera so there you go
Yeah, you have their 60 votes until gates 24 time ready still stuck on nine
Rupert Murdoch five Britney Spears four Ron Jeremy three
Oh Ricky Martin two Miguel Cabrera two Michael Douglas none George W Bush none and tiger woods them
How about Peter North? I mean if they're gonna put Ron Jeremy on there, right?
Right, I mean Lee at least put somebody under that once upon a time look pretty good
You don't have to be ugly to be getting lots of action put Peter North on there
Just out of protested I run Jeremy crap. Well, what is that
We'll be putting on their alcohol steam
It's just a joke. I'm so sorry
I mentioned that because if I mentioned name Josh just like Eric often does was it he'll put it on there
Don't put alcohol steam on there
By the way, did you talk to alcohol scene about getting in touch with his buddy Larry Flint and getting a hustle magazine to promote stuff at CC.com? No
I haven't spoken to him in that years ever since well
I'm sure he'd appreciate hearing from just about anybody at this point
Oh look at that we got the signatures back on there and now we're 199 behind Texas again
We're not making any progress Texas is doing it man. They're they're smoking
The last five signatures from Maryland, Pennsylvania, Texas, Washington and California out of 130,000
720 on stop at CC.com
But we you know we squeeze this rock is as hard as we can as far as our audience
And they've done a pretty damn good job for me for me to say but they responded pretty to damn dark Josh darn well
Nobody cue him. Hello. I've got the definitive winner. No manual. I just not want to be Johnny deaf
Johnny deaf sounds good to me. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you
No man alive. He said does not want to be Johnny deaf. You wouldn't mind being Johnny deaf for a year
No, no problem at all. I would not mind it all being Johnny deaf for you
I bet even Josh wouldn't mind being Johnny deaf for a year wouldn't mind
He would much rather be Miguel Cabrera I guess
That would be Hugh Heft but
Now I don't understand why would you want to be you after he's an old man? I'm not talking about his looks
I'm talking about his lifestyle
But you're not you're missing the points you there are lots of young guys wouldn't you rather be a young guy who's I mean who
Have to be probably pop and Viagre like like pears like Mickey says but again. We're not going on like his looks
I just want to live the lifestyle if you have for a year
What's all the bunnies?
At the mansion. I think this was a bad question today. Oh, that's a good question
I don't think they get it
I'm not talking about you see I'm not talking about what Hugh Heft there was like 20 years ago
I'm talking about what he is now. He's a dottering old man who's surrounded by all these hot chicks and he can't do anything about it probably
Well, he's doing some of that
How do you know that? How do you know that?
He's outside the window my he's outside the window peaking him
1057 at five 60 and listen okay fine no matter what you say I you know why wouldn't you rather be Tom Brady? This is an example
Tom Brady can have just about anybody he wants anybody male female
You name it take a take those you have your bunnies away from it right. That's right in a heartbeat
Just think about it. Okay. Just give it some consideration
All right because when we wave our magic wand
Three minutes before 11 at five 60 WQ and we got the marlins on deck coming up
But the 1250 where we better talk real fast. We got a short show today
Damn it. And then we got marlins any Baltimore Orioles in four Lauderdale. That's the marlins with their superstar Miguel Cabrera
And then the hopper the Hebrew hammer follows baseball about at about four whenever the game is done
Hey, if you're in the dead end job if you feel like your life is basically done because you're not going anywhere
If you're underpaid and overworked here's the answer for you get yourself some skills man
That's right. Here's yourself some training by calling our friends at fast train toll free one eight six six fast train
Be sure and tell him when you make that call time direct told me to call he said you'll tell us about it's all about because touch your
Fast train can have you train and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career
And they can do it for you and is a little less for months if you don't have the chance to go to college
If you don't have four years to wait around finding a life here's the answer call fast train
They offer you a day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule
Fast train offered job placement assistance and even financially the people to qualify and with seven convenient Florida
Locations to serve you this vow to be one close by use so don't wait call them today after you check them on the web first
Fast train.com and make that call that can change your life get off that treadmill where you're moving your feet but going nowhere
Get yourself a high-paying career by calling fast train today toll free one eight six six fast train
Your
My god your breasts are beautiful
Hey, I think we can still play this one listen very carefully. Okay. We'll be right on the edge of your seat
Kathleen
B
I just think about me living in a...
Welcome!
I'm under age
I still don't see you
You should understand me
Cause you could go to jail if you've been with me
Oh my God
My sweet, you and your friends and me
She was 25 or 6 just a few
You're rich, I've been my last sweet
Yeah, I call the cops as my child
I got the perfect to leave
Because I'm happy to be
Now my wife takes my name
I'm about to take my hand
Welcome!
Of my soul
She's under age
She'll face me
You should be better than me
I'm not rolling, I'm stepping in the dynamite
For the size she's looking right
I'm seeing this party
But she's just...
Well, it's still planned
It passed the mustard
Let's see, LeBron James for the poll
Somebody says there's a good choice
Let's see, making about 80 million a year
Something like that?
400 million
Okay
Wait, and also Big Arnie, who's this out of control says
I would be Donald Trump
That's a good choice
Sure
Rich Promet living in New York plus I would finally have hair
Even though don't look too good
Good choice Arnie
Now anyway, this fact is through shocking
Clear Channel Radio and the Reverend Jesse Jackson announced today
that the Reverend Jackson will be host of five
What is it over a live one hour talk show airing Sunday 7 a.m. Central time
8 to 9 a.m. Eastern time
Keep hope alive
With Reverend Jesse Jackson will debut April 4th exclusively on Clear Channel Radio stations
And whatever it's changed from Chicago is WGCI AM, whatever that is
The broadcast will focus on issues of cultural, political and religious significance
But guess the appearances by community and world leaders and a live call and segment
But you must talk in jive and rhyme
You do understand that when you call in?
Absolute in jive
It'll be just fine if you call it on the line
But anyway
The show marks the first time Reverend Jackson will be hosting a radio program
I guarantee it's going to go over like Halifide Siberia
We will discuss the central issues local national and international of our time
We will offer information inspiration direction main points of view
We will talk with and hear from you
We intend to connect the nation with shared conversation
Your voice matters
Remember in the beginning was the world the world and you have the power
Keep hope alive
And don't talk no jive
Initially airing in New York San Francisco, Chicago Philadelphia
Detroit and North of Virginia
Keep hope alive with Reverend Jackson will be introduced to additional markets throughout the year
Third channel radio will consider syndicating the program nationally
Depending on listen and response
How do you like that?
Jesse Jackson's go a nationwide with his love child
Man
Really sad
And they were America's shirts today with the goddess
And Al Franken
And Jeanne Garafalo and all of these people
You guys to defend Muslim girl wearing scarf in school
The Justice Department announced to the government civil rights lawyers have jumped into a legal case to support a Muslim girls
Right to wear a head scarf in public school
Assisted attorney general for civil rights, I don't know we had civil rights anymore
I thought that was gone now
Yeah
Anyway the assistant attorney general for these things, Alex Acosta said the government lawyers would support 11-year-old
Nashala Hurrin, a six-rate student who was suiting Muscogee Oklahoma Public School District
For ordering her to enroll her head scarf or hijab, hijab?
Because it violated the dress code of the Benjamin Franklin Science Academy which you attended
The girl continued to wear her hijab, the school was subsequently suspended twice for doing so
The family appealed the suspensions which were upheld by a district administrative hearing committee
Her parents filed suit against the Muscogee School District last October
On Tuesday the federal government filed a motion in the federal court in Muscogee to intervene in support of Nashala's position
No student should be forced to choose between following her faith and enjoying the benefits of a public education across the state and the state of the company government's court filing
I say leave it home, leave your faith at home, leave your schmuck visit home
That's my suggestion
Probably you'll burn a hell if you think of it
Good, that makes it even better
Now what was this thing that somebody who has faxed me here, trialed against in debts of sons hit with stones?
Oh yeah, that's right
Oh yeah, depressing
Time or Texas, oh that's a really a great place and that's a bastion of Americanism, the likes of which even W would be reversed by
Even QA would be reversed by, we thought after yesterday that we had no embarrassment factor on this radio station but I guess maybe we do
That thing would have auctioned yesterday's seriously, I'm never going to recover from that as long as I live
And you should have parents lining and whimpering, were you in there when he was going, oh gee well I didn't mean I apologize
I didn't mean to try to fool you and I just, they were right
You are so full of it man, you're in the crappy just seeping from your earlobe, okay, clearance, that's how full of it you are
And your boyfriend, your boyfriend, they're a man
With that bit that we played, that word block, they're then both of them, you know, it's to both they're hearing it
Okay
As Marv Alper would say, they're hearing it from the crowd
That's funny when you get a shared delusion
Yeah, well I'm when you're sitting that close, usually only I can see the pink rabbit
When parents are sitting on the must lap, you know, it's easy to hear things
Tyler Texas, a mother who bashed your son's heads with heavy rocks, killing two of the boys, but so delusional
She thought the Lord told her to do it or attorney said, they're opening statements at her murder trial
This is so typical of religious crazy people I apologize for the redundancy
Does she follow what she believes to be God's will, unless she turned her back on her God defense attorney
Buck files junior asterigery of eight men and four women
How's it going? Buck, the NL-39, stay at home mother, has pleaded innocent by reason of insanity
To charge his a murdering eight-year-old Joshua and six-year-old Luke
Oh, look at those names, huh? Joshua and Luke and causing serious injury to Aaron 14 months at the time
Aaron? Prosecutors are not seeking the death penalty, and of course they're why not
I'd fry her ass right now, right on the crossfire this afternoon
I put her in Bob Novak's lap and fried up both of them
The deeply religious East Texas woman who was who homeschooled her children in New Chapel Hill
Weft as she listened to testimony and prosecutors showed gruesome photographs of her slain children
Her husband who had supported her sat a few rows behind with friends and family, her husband who supported her
Prosecutors contend Lany new right from wrong when she co-ed her children last May
Despite opinions from Fusseky, a psychiatric experts for the offense, two for the prosecution and one for the judge
All of whom said Lany was legally insane
District Attorney Matt Bingham said Lany attacked the baby first, hammering his head with a four-and-a-half-pound rock she had hidden under the ice crib
Aaron Lany will never be the same said, Bing, adding that the voice vision has been impaired, he'll never live independently
Lany then woke up Luke, let him outside the family's room, Brick home, and asked him to put his head on a large rock
The prosecutor said Lany smashed the 60-year-old skull with a large landscaping rock then she went to get her older's child Joshua
He too put his head against the large rock in the yard his mother fasted his skull with a 16-pound rock the boys were found in their underwear
Oh my God
Feel God
It's a positive influence to the Bible
Right, the Bible really does a man, more connoisseur and all of these people
And Yoschki, 5.6705.60.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Line
If you could be any famous living person for one year who would it be?
WQA and hello
Bush and backup
WQA and hello
Hello
Yes sir
Who is it George?
Who is it George?
No, Neil
Neil, how are you doing?
Neil, I want to show you Neil
Remember back in 98, going westbound, 5.95
A big ass DOT truck pulled over and held the traffic up and a guy called me
No, I don't, no I don't
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Line
WQ and hello
Yes, Neil
Yes sir
I got one for the poll, Neil
Pat Robertson, I want to be able to talk to God too
Okay, Pat Robertson, there you go
Let's get him on there and at least we'll fill out the list with some names on there
Okay, they don't understand this is a very serious, scientific thing
They don't get it
They're playing fast and loose with our poll
Oh, what are f***
WQA and hello
Hello, Neil, I'd like to ask your poll, please
Yes sir
Joey, what a foo
Joey, what a foo
Joey, what a foo
Okay, this guy would like to be a raving lunatic
I would have picked W if I wanted that
Hugh Heffner has got 77, he's an author, right, a man
I guess you're right Josh, they all want to be Hugh Heffner
They don't get it, they all understand these old and feeble
Bill Gates, 27, see that's called, see us old far, it's always accused me of living in the past
I think a lot of you young rupps are living in these other people's past
We're not talking about how do you like to be Hugh Heffner 40 years ago, see
But Hugh Heffner is 77 and then we can bring them some Fel Dean
I thought about Hugh and ruled him out for that reason
Bill Gates, 27, Tiger Woods, 23, I think that's a pretty good choice
Tom Brady, 12, which I think is a fabulous choice
See a lot of the guys out there won't vote for Tom Brady because they feel like it's like a f*** thing, see
Because he's too pretty
And they don't want to stand, even though we're not tracing their votes yet
Ryan Jeremy's got 8, which I find just astonishing, shocking Britney Spears 8, Rupert Murdock 5
Johnny Depe 5, Miguel Cabrera's got 3, George W's got 3, Peter North 3
Ricky Martin 2, Michael Douglas 2, LeBron James's got 1, and Joey Butterfucko just went on their 193 votes
What would make this a thing work, whether you want it or not?
You know what I mean?
It'll work
It'll work?
It'll work
It'll work for me, you want to know why it works for me?
Based on them
That's right, because we got the Marlon game
Miguel Cabrera, Josh Beckett, Brad Penny and your Florida Marlon
The Rupert of the rest of Mike B, I don't know
I just don't care, Mike Lowell
There you go, there's another one
Well there's only 25 guys on the team, I got 4 already
Let me think real hard
And of course Jack McKeehan is your manager of your Florida Marlon
He just turned 95
I mean he just turned on I-95, made a wrong, make a U turn, real quick Jack, you're on the wrong side of the road
That's something about Wayne Heizinger calling in Moe and Gildy this morning, that's something
That's funny
Because, especially, see what you're forgetting, maybe you're not, is that he's talking to the play-by-play voice of his Miami-Dophons
Whom he hates like poison, anyways, from all the reports I'm getting
So Moe probably is like, oh is he, but I mean, but I would love to know
Oh man, would I give anything to hear a tape of that conversation, wouldn't you?
I don't want to say we're going to put our spies on that, on the case
But man, would that be something a delight?
To hear that verbal intercourse between Wayne Heizinger, which we can't call him what I used to anymore
Because that would be really f***ing bad, and Moe and Gildy
So personally I think Moe is a lot worse than what I used to call Wayne, but nevertheless
A lot more obscene
11-13 at 5-60 WQM, fat is obscene if you're trying to lose it
If you're trying any of those low-carb diets, head forward to Lysow West Booker
Because when you're starting or restarting the adkins, the sugarbusters, South Beach or any low-carb sugar-free diet
The Lysow West Booker is like a miracle for you because the entire store is dedicated to you
It's the world's number one low-carb store with over 1200 low-carb products to choose from
Some varieties, some taste, thank the Lord
And they've got just whatever you're looking for, they've got breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips and brownies
Chocolate, carbolite, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheese, dates and lots more
And don't forget if it's new and great tasting, the Lysow will have it first through open every day, seven days a week
From 10 a.m. till 10 p.m. you can always try anything in the store before you buy it
And there's staff noise-dieting inside and out, in fact there's some fat people around that joint too
And the adkins brands products are on sale all day every day, too, even on some Hustora
The Lysow West Booker, they're on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market
Or column tool free, 1-877 Low Carb that's L-O-W-C-A-R-B, or on the web it's lowcarb.com
There's only one Lysow has similar names but there's really only 1 D-Lights of West Booker
It's your official adkins retail center
The Lysow West Booker, they're on the west corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market
Or column tool free, 1-877 Low Carb that's Lysow's Booker
And there's staff noise-dieting inside and out, in fact there's a lot more than one Lysow has
And there's staff noise-dieting inside and out, in fact there's a lot more than one Lysow has
And there's a lot more than one Lysow has similar names but there's a lot more than one Lysow has
And there's a lot more than one Lysow has similar names but there's a lot more than one Lysow has
And there's a lot more than one Lysow has
And there's a lot more than one Lysow has similar names but there's a lot more than one Lysow has
I don't have a lot of guys that said they want to be Hugh Heppner but nobody has said Larry Clinton yet
That was his tastelessness against you
Now this box here, this is exactly what I had in mind, here's somebody understands what I'm driving at
OK, Brad the Pitmeister, Brad Pitt, so I could be doing Jennifer's as this boxer, see
Right, that's where it's at
Oh, did I say so I could be doing so I could be
in other than M.A.C.
or seconds.
So that's one of those where if you put the bleep in,
see if I say doing Jennifer, that's okay,
but if I say,
in Jennifer, that could be some of the things.
No problem.
No, but I'm just saying that'll teach them to be,
so for Sticky would all their bleeps, you know,
will all their bleep being a bullcrap,
malconclerance.
If I were them, I'd be held a lot more worried about that
phony auction deal that the beesleens are running.
I'd be a lot more worried about that.
And I'd also be a lot more worried about some of their
other shows because this isn't the show that's going to create
them a problem.
Did it create them a problem this last time?
No.
Is it going to create them?
No.
I mean, we're like, I've reached 99 and 44% pure.
And the other part we like, when in doubt we bleep it out.
But I mean, but I think because it makes them feel useful,
you know, like they're doing something.
Believe you me, if I had some real questions about what we
could say and what we can play and what they knew deal,
these, those would be two of the last people I would ever
ask them to.
Nervous Nellies.
Pean on each other's pants.
I've never seen anything like it in my life.
See, the Hugh Hepneth thing, I'm trying to think of, I mean,
like Donald Trump would be good, these Donalds,
uh, under the age of 100, right?
Right.
Hugh Hepneth, he would be a good one if he owed it as he used to be.
Who isn't?
Hugh.
Right.
Exactly.
But nevertheless, he's off to the races because they've got this
image worked up in their minds, it's like your friend Josh
sitting there.
Oh yeah, the Hugh Hepneth, they're my steward.
But my big Stogie and my Matthew, but all these playboy,
but he's around right.
And your Viagra, the candy bowl.
Right.
Yeah, I think the word you're looking for is frustrated is what, uh,
Hugh, but who knows, I could be wrong.
He could be one hell of a stud.
He might be tired of it by now.
Who knows?
No.
Oh, I'm looking at this, we got to bleep this one out.
Oh, I understand, Alex Rodriguez, now that is a good choice.
There is a good choice.
I have to admit as much as I despise him like poison,
he's a good looking guy, he's making 25 million year,
and he's playing with the Yankees, he'll probably win the world
series and all of these things and these, there was a good buddy,
Derek Jeter, and they're like, uh, eaten and greeting and meeting.
And the other girls.
So Alex Rodriguez is a ninja, certainly a lot better choice than Miguel Cabrera.
And you're Florida, Marlon, so we love on a show because game time is
105 pre-game at 1250.
Yeah.
I'm thinking you know how the Cubs and really feel they play mostly day games
too.
I'm thinking that the Marlon should play, even though it's a hundred degrees
in the shade, all through the summer day games every day.
Double headers.
Quite well early.
You're in the morning, it's not so hot.
Right.
Starting at about 1015 would be good, but a pre-game show at 955.
Hahaha.
Ah, yeah!
And next week, if you think this is a game, we got the opening day game.
I believe that's Tuesday. I'm not really sure, I think it is.
That's what I care, except for the fact that we have a two hour show that
there we get off at noon.
Oh, hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
Mad Dog's got a good scam going, he was off yesterday,
Kimbo was on, mad Dog's off again today.
Man, you talk about having a great student, he learned from me as well as anybody.
The Hebrew Hammer, he learned too a little bit, but the mad Dog, this man has learned the
100%, I give him a plus plus.
More money, less work.
Take the money straight to the bank, don't pay any attention to what they say, and just
have a smile on your big fat push.
That's it. That's the mad Dog.
All right.
There you go.
Come back tomorrow, though.
Oh, wait a minute, speaking of the Hebrew Hammer, I shouldn't, I shouldn't be so quick to judge.
Did you look at tomorrow's schedule and also for Friday?
Oh, look at that.
There's a guy here.
Oh, no.
Joe is a guy here for two days for the Hebrew Hammer Thursday and Friday, so hands
learned too, he understands, less work, more money.
And stay out of the building as often as possible.
You notice how often Hank does the show out anywhere now at this point?
Often.
DeBahamas, Vegas, tennis tournaments, golf tournaments, assulas, any placement in that
the festering joint.
WQA, and hello.
Good afternoon.
How are you, Neil?
Good evening.
How are you?
Fine.
I have two for the poll, and one I think with the accident would be Wayne Heisinga, and the
other one because of the power he has and the other one would be Kitty Carlisle.
Have a good day.
Oh, yeah.
The power that he has, Kitty Carlisle.
Oh, okay.
You're right.
I should have been kidding.
We missed out.
Don't put either one of those on here.
Although you might put Wayne on there.
Right?
A lot of people.
He's got a lot of passes.
He gets in all the ball parts for free.
He gets to go in the locker room there.
No, you get this guy ahead in mind.
Go in the locker room, check out the guys.
567.0560, pound 56 on the, in fact, I understand the rumor I'm hearing is that Wayne showers
with the guys after every dolphin victory.
That could be wrong.
I mean, moment of just made that up.
How many QA and hello?
Neil, how are you going, man?
Pretty good.
I actually have two for your poll also.
Really?
Just like the last guy, okay?
Almost as good.
My first guy is actually two people almost.
Any one of them, a loose brothers?
I don't know if you know those guys are?
No, I do not.
They're the owners of the Sacramento Kings.
They're way out there and they actually, they were on a couple of hotels and I was Vegas.
Those guys are just constantly getting it.
And my second guy, I'm sure you, someone's already said them though.
Luis Miguel.
I mean, I got you to have his back or bronze and put up a...
Okay, great.
Luis Miguel, he said something about his got that bronze complexion.
Is that what he just said?
Right.
From all the sudden.
Right.
From all that Mexican son.
Luis Miguel.
Hello, Luis.
I'd lose an answer to a far where you're because your rectum is getting to be king size, okay?
It used to be a queen size, not like a king size.
5670560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
If you could be anything is living person for one year, who would it be?
You have their 90.
Bill Gates 38.
Tiger Woods has got...
The third man.
Tom Brady 14.
Britney Spears 10.
Ron Jeremy 9.
Johnny Depp 7.
George W. is got 7.
Peter and Rostrat 5.
And Ron Jeremy is got 9.
Oh my God.
Woo!
Rupert Murdock 5.
Donald Trump 3.
How can you have her head like 90 and Donald Trump's got 3?
One of those things.
And Donald Trump has even got his own TV show now.
It's embarrassing as it is.
You're fired.
Ricky Martin 3.
Miguel Cabrera 3.
Michael Douglas 3.
And the LeBron James appear.
Brad Pitscott 1 already.
Zero for Pat Robertson.
Two of our better food co-in Alex Rodriguez.
A. Rogers went on 230 votes.
Pretty weak response to then against a pretty weak pool question.
And they're mine.
I thought it was excellent.
I mean, see, I don't want to say...
If you could be somebody else.
Right.
Somebody famous who would it be?
What were you doing really for one year?
Because then you get this...
Oh, I'm real happy being who I am.
See them and they'll say that.
Do we believe them?
No.
But that's what they'll say.
But just for one year.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't want to slow.
Yes, I am.
Rush Limbaugh.
Rush Limbaugh, okay?
He wants to be a big fat pill-pop in the hypocrite.
Rush Limbaugh, got it?
You don't have to be Rush to be one of those.
That's true.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, hi.
Yes, sir.
Hey, if you got Ricky Martin on there.
Then the guy who's going to be getting the most action
for the next year, I'd say, would be William Hone.
William Hone?
Yeah.
Answering the musical question is William Hone.
William Hone.
He sure can't sing, can he?
No.
But he's...
I love that one, Vitho.
What the hell is that?
I don't know.
I'll find it.
You get it up there.
I think it's important.
The bits.
The bits I'm talking about.
Oh.
Man, oh man.
This guy's looking for trouble.
And all the right places.
And I'm just the right place, too.
It's paranoid wind, they both.
You've got to be thinking about what, though.
Talk to me.
Tell me your name.
You blow me up like it's all the same.
You made it clear, and I'm shaking away like a phone.
Yeah, say it then.
Woohoo.
You got to get rid of the way.
They crash in room to room.
I go crazy because she knows I should fly.
He sings like a fee.
Like every girl in history.
Cheap face!
Cheap face!
Oh, there's your guy that's got his 15 seconds of fame in all of a sudden he's a stupid
star man.
Can't sing his word about paper-second, he's probably getting some.
26 after 11 at 5, 60, that would be Q&A.
All you folks out there, please listen because this is very, very important thing.
We important thing.
Tomatopark is announced that they will be racing all year long from now on.
Now, that's news to pay attention to, but even more important is that coming up this
Monday April 5 is the last free spaghetti dinner night for the Tomatopark season that's
tracking poker season, got it?
They're going to be racing all year long from now on.
That is fantastic.
Nice going, Dick, and Steve and everybody else, and Brucey, and Kevin, and Wally.
I'll forget Wally.
That's right, the last free spaghetti night that's coming up this Monday April 5.
Free rolls in butter, free salad, and a free heaping plate of possible marinara sauce,
all free.
All you have to do is buy a Tomatopark program for this Monday April 5, and get your
free spaghetti dinner coupon, go to only this next Monday April 5.
Just a half mile from both I and I, 95 in the floor, to turn Pike Tomatopark as easy
to get to, and best of all, Tomatopark features free admission and free general parking every
single day of your life.
Live harness racing in the poker room every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday,
poker room starts at noon, goes on till midnight.
Live racing gets underway, nightly at 7.05 pm, including tonight.
Tomatopark is also open every day, seven days a night's week for the best in
summer casting, harness, durabred, high-light action for all across North America, for
you to watch and plunge your guts on.
Tomatopark, like I said, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road, for the
current race schedule, call 954-972-2000, or go on the web at www.tomatopark.com.
Don't forget to last free spaghetti dinner of the season.
Make a little hole in your perfect right now in Safe Sun Room for it.
Coming up this Monday, April 5 at Poppato Park.
I'm not going to do my own.
This is 420-062-2008.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
I'm going to do my own.
Well, I was busy reading all these important facts as well.
What will you do when I hear some old Jews
Will you back off and give me your land?
Lift me a towel and I'll sing you a song
And I'll steal from you all that I can.
Oh, I can choose to give me help from my friends.
Oh, I'm back news with a little help from my friends.
I can't lose with a little help from my friends.
What do I do when I close you's a way?
All your love is fanned afresh and long.
Oh, yes, I do.
I hold many times by the end of the day
As long as that death is not your own.
Oh, no.
I hear Jews with a little help from my friends.
My friend knows with a little help from my friends.
Oh, I can't lose with a little help from my friends.
Do you need any time?
I need somebody to care.
Could it be any time?
And you, woman, or kids, can be bears.
Would you take lands and then give up the fight?
Of you, I'd like to be a bear.
You describe all the time.
Do you have peace with me?
Is really my...
I want to stop the privilege or mine.
Oh, I give you a little help from my friends.
I'm back news with a little help from my friends.
Oh, I can't lose with a little help from my friends.
Yes, I'll kill you with a little help from my friends.
With a little help from my friends.
I'll kill you with a little help from my friends.
I'll kill you with a little help from my friends.
Let's go to the fight, six days later.
I'd like to lean on a little bit too hard in the button too.
Let's see, in recated glaciers, this is because of Anna Cornicovas' time.
Good point. Very good choice, Anton.
I almost did put Enrique on her and said, Tom Brady.
There you go.
I figured that Tom is probably a bigger man in the world of sports.
Here's one that says, how about Vanessa Paradise?
A hot-deppen cider is nothing to complain about.
What it says here.
Paradise.
Paradise.
Paradise.
Cinema Paradise.
I have no idea how you pronounce it.
Vanessa Paradise.
Oh, by the way, don't forget what your name is on our thing.
They're Terry Nunn.
I don't know who that is.
And what was the thing I had about Berlin about how they're going to like...
I'm going to go back and make sure that they do that.
Let's see.
Reference Donald Trump from Alfie.
And you're right, Alfie.
I saw that.
It says, in the financial section of the Sun Central Day, there's an auditor's report that says,
Donald Trump's five casinos in Atlantic City are in serious trouble.
In fact, the big headline says, Trump off-saurus.
Not by choice for many reasons, including that beaver he wears on his dome.
Well, at least it's not a muskrat like the Mo-man wears, but anyway.
Here's one that says, Bill Clinton.
That's what Kyle says.
And then he's got a bunch of other rambling on here with your olignor.
I'll pretend I didn't see.
Bill Clinton, that's a good choice.
Right.
That's what it is.
So my good is in choice.
Why didn't we think of that?
Here's one that says, Neil Rogers.
It says, with your quit wit, hear more intelligence and your paycheck, excluding the homosexuality.
And also they didn't mention your looks.
Although, looks don't seem to qualify for you after you.
I don't know.
We've got some other pretty, you believe people on this list.
So they don't really care about that about being ugly.
They just figure if they look like...
And Terry, your words, he should write nothing to a...
Look at.
Wow.
Who, man.
He is.
They can choose sexuality.
They want to be you.
That's the gay you.
I think if Terry rewards you, if the Spaceship Land you'll find all of his kin hopping off.
I could be wrong, but I'm thinking he's out of this world.
Those long figured aliens.
If you could be any famous living person for one year, who would you choose?
You have to know 94.
Bill Gates 40.
Terry rewards 35.
Tom Brady only 19.
Well, come on.
You'd rather be who have toer than Tom Brady?
Man.
See, they don't get it.
They don't understand it.
They're the coolest.
I think homosexual men must be a little bit confused, you know what?
Maybe.
They think that just because of his past fame and his past endeavors, that Hugh Hefner is going
to get anything he wants.
They think he lives in a mansion full of playboy bodies.
Right, and he doesn't.
That's ancient history.
He probably lives in a nursing home.
But that's okay.
Tom Brady 19.
Rod Jeremy and Brittany Spears are tied.
That is the most disgusting.
We got to break that tie immediately.
Get them separated.
Johnny Depp 8.
Who is this?
Who's this thing?
I never was in the heavy metal.
I didn't really like it.
I wasn't famous here.
I'm fascinated by rap and by hip hop.
I think there's a lot of poetry.
Are you kidding, Carrie?
You talk about Andrew.
You talk about a lot of social energy in it.
And I think you better listen to it.
Pretty careful.
Oh, God.
I like him good in the monsters, though.
He was great.
No, no, seriously.
I'm only going to vote for Carrie 20 or 30 times
because we've got to get rid of Bush.
But Carrie just, he leaves me very, very limp.
Johnny Depp 8.
George W. 7.
Donald Trump 7.
Peter North 6.
He started to make a little move on Ron Jeremy.
And wait till he catches him.
Alex Rodriguez, a Rod's got six.
But there's the Pennsylvania of our poll.
Bush 46.
Carrie 40.
Nader 3.
Is that pathetic?
I mean, Gore 1, Pennsylvania.
Bush 46.
Carrie 40.
Nader 3.
And Pennsylvania.
Maryland Carrie 48.
Bush 43.
Nader don't show.
Well, this is interesting.
They just showed those two.
That's it.
That's all we're getting while that was a good start.
Uh, Libra and James 5.
Rupert Murdock 5.
Michael Douglas 5.
Brad Pitt 3.
Ricky Martin 3.
Miguel Cabrera 3.
William Hong 1.
And look at all the people that don't have any.
I always love it when people call in their facts
and he's suggestions.
And they get nothing.
Why in Heisenberg, Louis McGill, Rush Limbaugh,
Pat Robertson, and that's a pair of these.
Well, look at that.
And he wrote paradise on there.
There's no e on the end of that.
Oh, so.
And Joy Butterfucko is also got none of the two already won.
Well, there's Al Franken.
Look at that.
He's got that microphone all set up there in front of me.
He's talking in on the area, but he's a,
I guess, doing a dry run.
That's on Air America, which they've used today.
Gonna be able to hear it in South Florida.
No.
Can hear how it's stirring in South Florida.
No.
Can hear anything in the show worth a while?
No.
But anyway, we got the Marlin game.
That's worth a while, man.
That's worth an hour and ten minutes getting out of here.
What a beautiful thing.
We love the Marlins.
They're the best.
WDQA and Hello.
Yes.
This is Gov.
Yeah, okay.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey, can we still say it's not all on Air?
I'll check.
We'll check with West Coast.
WDQA and Hello.
Yeah, Dale.
It's gotta be Jack Pickle.
It gets the Web and it can actually look crazy.
Good choice.
What's not to like?
Jack Nichols and gets to all the Laker games for free, I'm sure.
Jack Nicholsson.
Got it.
We got it.
Give it.
5670560.
560.
Tomorrow course is the big day.
A lot of this is probably why Muff and Clarence are so nervous
while they squeeze each other frantically, even more so than usual.
Because tomorrow at 11.30 in the morning, that trend comes out.
Now, it's not a whole rating book.
You do understand for your rating students out there in the audience.
It's just a trend.
It's the second trend.
That is correct.
But it's two thirds of the winner book.
These ratings operate just never stop in the major markets.
Just keep rolling, rolling, just like CCR rolling.
And so we got like December January and February coming out tomorrow.
And we're gonna be dropping off that real bad November.
We want to find out if we got any audience coming back.
And if not, we'll just play some music.
Right.
A couple of years more music.
So that way they don't have to worry about any dirty words and all these bleeps and s***.
All this neurosis and psychosis going on.
Everybody can just sit back and relax a little bit.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
Hi, now, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Well, we got another exemplary of why you should never encourage your parents to idolize
through Tired Sports Heroes.
Did you hear what Paul Ronning said?
No, I did not.
Oh, God.
He says that the Notre Dame should drop its admission requirement in order to allow blacks
to be able to come and play football there.
In other words, blacks are too stupid to get into Notre Dame.
Blacks play the Notre Dame.
What does that mean?
There's plenty of blacks playing Notre Dame.
Of course there, but he just, he's saying there aren't enough and the black athlete is much better
and we can't get him if we can't see the lower standards.
Well, touch on Jesus, man.
Touch down Jesus.
I don't think that's going to happen with Paul Harning and probably a lay odds.
He's a silly old daughtering fool, OK?
He's a silly old guy.
He was one of those packers pack in the old days.
Can we still say that?
No.
Gina Fort Lauderdale says, subject for the pool.
How many, I don't get it.
That's one of your ten women listeners I'd like to help out getting a few more women
onto your pool.
Here are a few suggestions.
I don't like all of the following, but I'm sure somebody does.
I don't understand that.
She's got a list.
Pick the ones you want in this regard.
The rest.
Thanks for all the support of stopFCC.com and move on.
Now to our junior Roberts, Paris Hilton, Haydor, Julianne Moore, Nicole Kidman, Oprah Winfrey.
This one is for George's.
Oprah Winfrey?
That's a good one to put on here, right?
She's worried.
She's got a billion dollars.
She has no talent.
She's loaded and has a lot of money too.
I think she's a guy.
I really do.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, this guy that she's been supposedly going to marry for last days.
He's like a...
Yeah, he's a male beard, I think.
Yeah, she's a guy.
I think she's a guy.
I mean, I don't know that perfect.
Now let me ask you this.
Here's the question.
I don't want to answer it's a rhetorical question.
What does Mark Foley, Charlie, Chris and Oprah Winfrey have in common?
20-0-560 WDQM.
Hay, spring it a savings right now and save like never before.
And a new car, a truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
They're on US-1 just 20 minutes off of the A-36.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you're hanging it out,
because they're going to save you thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great leases.
An O4 camera or a 4-runner for just 269 a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 Highlander just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota 10 with the safest truck in America for just 179 a month for 48 months?
These are just some of the savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
And with the toll increases on people using cash on the Florida Turnpike,
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead will give you a free sun pass when you get that new car truck as well.
General manager David Rich and the staff will do just about anything under the sun,
under the Planes Soleil.
I always thought Soleil meant sun in French.
How can the Planes Soleil be purple moon?
I get that.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about the greater life to rule the day and the lesser life to rule the night.
General manager David Rich and the staff like I said,
we'll make you a happy camper with that great new Toyota.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference.
Locally owned and operated a committed to making you a happy camper.
Their service department is open late to late week nights to make sure they get your service work done for you.
Easy to get to the Red U.S. 1 and 293rd in a homestead just 20 minutes south of the old 836.
So don't waste your time at those mega dealers of car drives who always do the same thing.
They overpromise and then underdeliver.
Do the smart thing called David Rich, the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead right now at 305-242-247 for an unbeatable deal.
305-242-247.
Grab a little and save thousands on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
My name is Michael Locore, I'm the year's sports video five sixes you and you am.
Dr. Phil McGraw is, I guess, I do yell at my children and don't know how to stop.
We'll talk about that more later now.
That's what he calls for, Dr. Phil.
And we start with Northport, New York. Hello.
Hi, Dr. Phil. Hi, how are you?
I lost my job a few months ago and kind of affecting my marriage.
I really can depressed about it.
What would you prescribe?
Alcohol and drugs.
What? I don't know. I don't know.
I'm contributing to the cause.
Oh, beautiful.
Coining New Jersey, hello.
Hey, boys, how's it going?
Fine.
Where you took this for me?
You're kidding.
I'm serious, you guys. I'm talking full tongue.
I don't mind doing that.
I don't have a shame to say so.
Obviously. Just lean forward and we'll all.
Yeah, that's how it goes.
Woo!
It's so done.
Go away.
145 at 560, nobody?
QM Robert Cheere, who's one of my favorite columnist rights,
Bush puts a cancer on the presidency.
Watergate insider calls this White House scary.
Worst and watergate, the title of the new book by John Dean Richard Nixon's White House Council,
is a depressingly accurate measure of the checanery of the Bush Cheney Cabal.
According to Dean, who began his political life at the age of 29 as the Republican Council
in the House Judiciary Committee before being recruited by Nixon,
this administration is truly scary and given the times we live in,
frighteningly dangerous.
And when it comes to lies and cover up, the Bush crowd makes the Nixon administration look like amateurs.
As Dean writes, they've created the most secretive presidency of my lifetime
far worse than during Watergate.
Dean knows what he's talking about.
He was the one who dare to tell Nixon in 1973 that the web of lies surrounding the Watergate
breaking of the Democratic Party headquarters and formed a cancer on the presidency.
When Dean went public about that conversation, the Nixon White House smeared him as a liar.
Fortunately, the conversation has been taped and Dean was vindicated.
The dark side of the current White House was on full display last week
when top officials of the Bush administration took to the airwaves
to destroy the credibility of a man who had honorably served President Reagan, Clinton, and both Bushes.
The character assassination of Richard Clark, the former White House anti-terrorism chief,
was far more worrisome than Nixon's smears of Dean because it concerned not petty crime and pursuit of partisan political ambition,
but rather the attempt to deceive the nation and the world as to the causes of the 9-11 assault upon our national security
and to justify an unnecessary war in Iraq.
First, Bushes ate suggested that Clark had invented the meeting in which Clark said the President pressured him to find a link
between the 9-11 attack and Iraq, ignoring Clark's insistence that intelligence agencies had concluded that no such link existed.
But on Sunday, national security adviser Kym Lee's arrest was forced to admit that Bush had pressed Clark on an Iraq connection.
This backed up early assertions by former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill as the Bushes of Session with Iraq
from the very first days of his administration at the expense of focusing on Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda.
But the Bush lines didn't work this time, maybe just because too many veterans of the U.S. intelligence community
are finding their voices and are wanting to announce an administration that is seriously under my the nation's security.
They are speaking out as 23 former CIA and other defense intelligence agents did and Robert Greenwald's devastating documentary uncovered.
They have stepped forward as did David Kay, Bushes' former chief weapons inspector in Iraq.
This is an administration that's been dominated by the neo-conservative ideologues who can then the logical restrain of the first Bush administration on foreign policy as it be trail of the national interest.
These neo-cons have made a horrible mess of things, but that gives them no pause.
They went to war with a nation that had no weapons of mass destruction and few connections to terrorism, but have cruddled Pakistan,
which sponsored the Taliban and Al Qaeda, and which recently was revealed as the source of nuclear weapons technology for North Korea, Iran and Libya.
The president's team is wrong to believe itself, where just lies can continue to law the global public,
Nixen's lies want him a second election but then he lost the country.
Bush smiles better than Nixen, but when the lies have exposed the smile turns into a character revealing smirk.
That happened last week when the White House released photos of a skit performed for the amusement of jaded media heavyweights in which the president pretended to look under his desk for the missing weapons of mass destruction.
This may have immune to cynical audience, but to the general public, the carefully lip-synced policy pronouncements of the man who cried wolf has morphed into a sick joke,
where I trodber cheer in the early time.
The president was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and
but he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and shown stars who spiritual be Christian and Sahara were flexing their over the United States, he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and allowed prisoners to be held Up Stand at the back with learningeled detectives from the Catholic church, and labeled H pilgrim to Hiroshima.
Eh says, Jin-i, Ah, sahara did perform a bread on a stove and was named in the ns, and he was a former president of the United States, and he was a former president of the United States, and Maja Bai was named saint Priest, and John Martin Lin here a former Lex P. rustic
with Elaine Doulon. If you could be how about Elaine Doulon, that's why he's
not 68 years old now. He probably ain't getting any. No. If you could be any
famous living person for one year, who would it be? You have to register in 95,
he's got 100 votes. Bill Gates 44, Tiger Woods 41, Tom Brady 20, Brad Pitt 15,
Brad's moved up nicely. He's moved up real fast. Brittany Spears 13, Johnny
Depp 11, Ron Jeremy 11. Oh, look at that. Peter North's got 10. He's right on Ron's ass.
George W's got 10. Donald Trump 9. A. Ron's got 8. Michael Douglass 7.
Rupert Murdoch 7. LeBron James got 6. Miguel Cabaretta 4. Ricky Martin 4. Bill
Fitton 3. William Hong 2. I think he should be. Luis Miguel won in Reekade
Gracie's one-jack Nicholson won. None yet for Rush Limbaugh. Pat Robertson. Vanessa
Parradees with an e on the end, which it's still on below there. Joy Butterfuko, Wayne
Heisenga and Oprah. Oprah, I don't have any. I guess there aren't any women out there
who'd like to be a no-talent bitch. It's worth a billion dollars. Who can go on TV
and just instantly like millions of American women to if she snaps her fingers, they say,
okay, when do I jump and how high? That's what goes on with that Oprah. The question
is just for a year and I get to like come back to my old body. I'll be Oprah for a year.
Sure, I'm probably stash away. Like I said, some of them Swiss bank accounts with a few
hundred million. Somebody QA him, hello? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How can you go wrong if
you're P. Diddy? What did you say? How can you go wrong if you if you're P. Diddy?
Oh, P. Diddy. Little Lion Limbaugh, little RT-Gurl. He said how can you go on if you're
P. Diddy? What's picking up Lisa? Lisa Lou. Lucy Lou. What else bad would Eric over slept
this morning because I meant that picture was on there longer than usual, which was I don't
find her even the least bit attractive. Okay, I mean, she I put her in the category of guys
who anything that's got the right body parts and that doesn't make any difference how what
they look like, what her face is. Just as long as she's got them certain body parts,
those are the guys, Josh, who are like, oh, you know, like Lucy Lou. She's a beast. She's
nasty. In fact, Clarence said he'd take the beast first. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, you
got to have something to talk to Neil about. Speaking. Yeah, any hot brick clothes. Okay,
great. Any hot brick clothes, man. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Maybe my Rosio Donald. Yeah.
Q.A.M. Hello. Fox. Yes. Now, that wasn't our friend. Was it? When it usually goes like
that, I think that was maybe one of his boyfriend's. He'd say Fox news. Yeah, Fox news. 5.670560.560.
Audio 18. Man, I think I should have let him say Heather. Maybe that's what he'd like to
be Fox news. Heather. Huh? And back at you, Pally. Have a great life. We only got an hour
to go into that volume. We better get in 40 million calls between now and then. W.D. Q.A.M.
Hello. Tulae. Too slow. Q.A.M. Hello. I would like to be Britney Spears and just a lot
of being on it. She will be a less. Okay, great. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Yes, sir.
If you're taking something very simple, they're making it complicated. They can't
put something in the old. These additions. Let it be known that she's a lesbian. They
can always hot. They did. Britney Spears is already on there, sir. Britney Spears.
All right. Britney's climbing up the list. She's almost got a Tom Brady's ass. She's got
13. She's moving right up there with Brad Pitt and Tom Brady. And who wouldn't want to sit
and watch that? Maybe jump right in. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and
**** Verizon Wireless Line on all bleep radio. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Pally. Yes, Pally. How
you doing? All right, Neil. Long time long time. 24-year listener. Hi, Pally. Hey, I got
a question. Who the hell would want to be Wayne High finger for a year? Baldwin Pockmark,
man. Good Lord. Listen, I've got one for your party. I think though he built the respect
of the public by calling and bitching out Mowen Gildey this morning. I think they like
him a little better now. Yeah. Wow. Let's see how they do when the dolphin season starts
to do it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The fact that G. Feetler was still on that roster. I find that
sewing uncomfortable. It's basically as just to me they're going to forfeit this season.
Well, they have to have a quarterback controversy. It seems and this is part of it. But enough
for it. I think what I'd like to be for a year before we went to prison. I'd like to
be John Gotti for one year. Yeah. In South Florida. I come down and I take over the
club truck business. I get 50 points on a dollar and take over the club business in this
town. And put these givens out of business. I love you, Neil. God bless America.
Oh, wait. Oh, wait a minute of business, too. Okay. Good luck, Pally. The problem is
John Gotti famous living person. Too late. Just missed. Oh, and guess what I saw last night.
I give up. What did you see? On the biography channel. I love that channel. I just absolutely
I'm obsessed with that channel. It took a channel. In fact, what's on it right now? Let
me take a peek during the day time. Wallace Simpson. Is she can do a Kevin Wallace? Wallace
Simpson. Oh, that's she was the Duchess of Windsor. Remember King Edward the eighth gave
up the throne so he could be the queen or she could be. Something like that. I don't
know about them. Queens. Yeah, you remember that. You read about that. Well, anyway, but
so last night I saw the biography of Chuck Veris. Oh, yeah, I heard about him. His name
was Charles. Oh, dang. Charles Hirsch, Veris. Okay. His father was a dentist. They were
very Jewish and his mother, her family was loaded, but then the depression had lost all
their money. But anyway, so now what was the name of the movie that they made about him
the gun show movie? No, no, no, about his autobiography. They bought the autobiography.
It was a George Clooney, a directed and was in it. Right. The one where he's a spy. Right.
The one where he claimed to be and nobody knows whether it's true or not. He was a CIA
spy and killed 33 people. Because I had seen that movie, which is the I had heard of those
rumblings about how he claimed all of these things. But anyway, so the biography thing was
really great last night. It was a good show. And of course they talked about the dating
game and how any of it's day back in the day, how revolutionary and outrageous those
shows were. And it made me think a little bit about all of these things that are going
on right now. Yeah, during the break, check your email. I sent you a funny thing. A funny
thing. Yeah, I admit it links to other funny things that I might buy. Oh, well, you know,
muffler saying this morning, he's about a funny thing. Let him 56 at 560 W.Q.A. Let me
shout for quality footwear. Great selection, professional service. There's only one place
to go. And that's brandy shoes in Pompo-no. And brandy shoes you'll find the biggest
selection men's and women's shoes. The best service in the best president town period.
That's why people keep going back. And brandy's you find the top quality names in the shoe
binnets like Rotport's floor. Shime essay is spirit, timberland naturalizer and lots more.
And with brandy's humongous selection, I guarantee I'll bet your ducks life on it right now.
And I'll throw an clearance to that whatever you need, they got that style in your size
that's sitting on a shelf waiting to slap on your feet right now. Find out why most
of Brandy's customers don't really keep coming back, but usually by several pair on each
visit, Brandy's is open daily nine to nine. Sunday 10 to five. You'll find him at 1290,
North Federal Highway and Poverty Beach. Always worth a trip no matter where you are. And
right now is an even better time than usual to save at Brandy's, which means that all men's
and women's famous brand name shoes are on special sales. Stop by or visit them on the
web at Brandy's shoes. That's with two eth of Brandy's shoes dot com.
And look all this is 4205.
And you lay man.
At a Homeland Security Donnerage, inviting you to boot duct tape on your radio when I
raised the warning color to Bing for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. Coming soon to
a cinema near you, it's the greatest romantic comedy in the history of film. You, Grant,
is a bum-ling to it. Well, if I may, I hope I'm not being too
forward. The London Zyzeh's a bum-ling to it is so light like that no more films should
ever be made as they would only fail in comparison to this brilliant piece of twit-headed
tightcasting.
If I may be so good as to ask you and stand it on time, I'm track it by standing here
in the middle of the street, but I'm very much like to ask you, if you see only one
Hugh Grant movie this year, then you certainly won't need to see this one because he's playing
the exact same 20 plays in all his movies.
I'm glad that you've been here with me and well, there's something I've been meaning
to, and what I need to say, it might be quite fetching.
And you think Elizabeth Herby left him because of that whole divine brown deal? No, she
left him because Hugh Grant is a bum-ling to it, now playing in Selected Cities.
I do rather hope you come to see me in a bum-ling twit-head. That is to say, if you don't mind
my being somewhat cheeky.
Oh, for the love of God, let's do shot!
Oh, well, I think I suppose that.
That's a cute thing, I'm trying to print it out right now, I think it's your printout
when it's out, but anyway, he may already just send me about his president Bush, a
homo.
Yeah, and he wakes to the Betty Bowers merchandise. There's some great things there.
Are they really?
Yeah, T-R.
Now, are they on auction now on thewqm.com?
No, but we can link them.
I think we just invented another revenue stream for our friends in Beasy Opener and Naples.
This is cute, that is our saving homosexuals, B-A-S-A, eights and eights.
That's a beautiful thing.
How many pages is this George?
Good, golly Miss Molly.
Let's see, Teresa Hines for years is somebody here I'd like to be Teresa Hines.
Okay?
Well, they got to start slow, but then maybe they'll catch up.
Anyway, his president Bush, a homo, back to their saving homosexuals, asked what conservative
Christians throughout America are demanding to know.
January 2nd, and she had the thing in here where he was holding hands with Prince Bondar,
I guess they left that out.
January 2nd, 2004, Mr. Bush wondered over doing Mr. Scott Reed's senior strategist at
Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's chat with the Prime Minister.
Mr. Reed introduced himself into his hands with President Bush.
The President chuffled, well, you got a pretty face, he told his surprise, Mr. Reed.
He wasn't done.
You got a pretty face, you were a good looking guy, better looking in my spot anyway,
you mean Scott McCullen?
Wow.
That's from the Toronto Globe and Mail, January 16th, 2004, I remember talking about it
at the time.
Remember?
Yes, I did.
It says, we at Baptist saving homosexuals have, enough so-called gays with a blunt love
of Jesus to know how to spot demons across a crowded sale at Sacks.
Outside of Italian shoes, nothing sends up a rainbow-covered flare that you're dealing
with a flaming homosexual more reliably.
They went a man breakfastly, gushes the word, fabulous.
Absolutely correct.
When a Christian lady hears this word outside of her herselon or floor, she instinctively
reaches for the Bible tracks in her purse because she knows a Nancy boy is within throwing
range.
Three months after the World Trade Center towers went down George W. Bush quoted, it's been
a fabulous year for Laura and me.
Therefore, conservative Christians throughout the land have become increasingly uncomfortable
as they doodifully mask each awkward pause with a flurry of plight of flaws and yells
of more warriors during President Bush's somewhat laborious attendance speaking.
The alternative there may have mastered the Queen's English, our President's vocabulary
calls to mind any number of Queen's English.
Even our least vigilant Republican social commas knows of notice that Mr. Bush has been
peppering his otherwise delightful litany of patriotic jingoism and pleasantly embroidered
CIA intelligence recaps with the Affeminate Maiden call, fabulous, three giddy syllables
that are tenement to poorly cooling.
Hello, it's Sailor.
That is absolutely unbelievable.
Fabulous.
And if I look for it, I can probably fire.
Hey, Sailor.
And we'll prevail because we're a fabulous nation and we're a fabulous nation because
we're nation full of fabulous people, quote from George Bush in Atlanta January 31,
2002.
And it goes on.
This goes on forever.
It says everyone in our pretty President's acquaintance appears to be doing a fabulous job.
Again, his lovely wife Laura, what a fabulous job she is doing.
His brother in Collusive, Arab Herring, she had, he's done a fabulous job and on an
encore as a whole list.
Cute.
We're going to put that on a website.
Sure, why not?
BettyBowers.com.
Along with Terry Nunn.
BettyBowers.com, when we put a link to it or we can put that up, whatever we want, whatever
we want to do, we'll do it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tomorrow's a big day.
We're going to hopefully tomorrow have the deal where you can start to get some money
into that newspaper ad for, say, stop by FCC.com.
Save our free speech.
And also tomorrow, of course, 1130, that trend comes out.
All right.
And of course, that, no, seriously, that's why some people are very walking around on eggshells.
Some people who should be no better than to get over emotional about these things, but
nevertheless.
I sure hope they're not counting on us anymore.
Now that they curtail all of our free speech so badly, don't be counting on us.
We're just doing the best we can under very limited circumstances.
If you could be any famous living person in a, for one year, who would it be we asked
today on Eurajus.com, a highly unpopular poll question to that?
I liked it.
403.
I thought it was fun, but these people don't get it.
You have no 114.
114 guys out there want to be a dotting old man sitting there or reaching out for the
a, a viagra not finding it.
Bill Gates 51, Tiger Woods 45, Tom Brady 28, Brad Pitt's move right up on Tom's butt.
24, Britney Spears 17, A. Rob 13, Johnny Depp 13.
Oh, how all the way up here.
The nurse pulled it into a five foot of tie with Ron Jeremy.
12 a piece.
Donald Trump 10, George W. 10, Bill Clinton 9, LeBron James 8, Rupert Murroch 7, Michael
Bug was 7, technicals in five and a co-s are from there.
Oprah's got a pair finally.
William Hong is even got a pair.
What are you on CNN?
Look at their look on her face and what are all.
I have a point.
What a nasty put them on that bitch.
Kind of leases.
You got that scowl.
Oh, you know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
I know what he's got.
Who's he married?
Who's it married to?
Who was it?
The French actress slash model.
OK, let's find out.
What was you researching?
Thank you.
Thanks.
Oh, come on.
We know who that is.
I don't.
Johnny Deff's.
Josh was researching it.
OK, researching.
You're going to be embarrassed when you fight out.
I'm going to be embarrassed.
You're going to be embarrassed.
You're going to be going with her.
No, it's not Kate Moss.
It's not Kate Winslow, either.
Maybe it's Kate Smith.
560-705-60.
How many?
60.
Who was it?
Harry Smith.
Have we haven't got this yet?
No.
Oh, it's going to be appropriate.
WQM, hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
I have one for your poll.
OK.
All right.
The great Neil God.
Yeah, we already asked somebody to say that.
I don't think any put it on me, though.
I might have turned two-ninth to eight.
Probably.
Thank you.
I know who he's married to.
Why don't you look up IMDb?
Just look up Johnny Depp with a bio.
What'll tell you who he's married to?
How long can this take?
How many minutes?
Stop 30 minutes.
It is possibly take to fight out the name of Johnny Depp's wife,
which we all of us already know who he's married to.
Right?
We are.
Let's do it by presence of elimination today.
Oprah.
The other wife, you know.
It isn't the Joan Rivers.
It's not Anna Corticova.
It's not Terry Nunn.
It's not Janet Jackson.
He's still working on this.
This is our computer wizard.
He's still working on fighting Brad Pitt's wife.
I'm reading on some site that.
Yeah, you probably found some pictures of what you probably found.
I know which one it was, too.
WQM, hello.
Yes, the snail Roger.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Yes, I'd like to be Captain Jean-Multi-Card.
That might have been the girl with the eyes right there.
You know what I mean?
But he's a cancer.
He's girlfriend.
5670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
These people are a panic today, man.
They got the happy pills came in.
I love it.
Too bad that the happy pills didn't get in
with our programming department this morning.
That's the last time.
You know something?
Next time they pull that, I'm just going to get them walk into the other room.
I'm going to turn on my TV and there's to dump my feet up on a coffee table.
And you'll let me know when they're gone, okay?
Because I'm not going to do that no more.
Right before the show.
That would just say something.
I have to go through a long, agonizing thing about a bleep over a word
that isn't even being said.
A bleep over silence.
The Nessoparades.
The Nessoparades.
The Nessoparades.
Are you sure that's how you pronounce your name?
I'm telling you.
Why do you say periodis?
Because that's how it's spelled.
How about periodad?
Disordad.
That's what Eric Kingston's periodis periodad.
Hehehehe.
Hehehehe.
Ho ho ho.
He is tragic.
He's not going to suspend his one more time, Larry.
Get out of the way.
Do you have there 117?
Nobody's going to catch the Hefner, my sir.
They're living in the past, man.
They don't get it.
Bill Gates 54, Integrawoods 46.
It's a one horse race so far.
WQM, hello.
QAM.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I got a little request.
Do you have a capacity to burn your list?
David Cassidy.
Why would you want to be David Cassidy?
He's living out here in Fort Ardell living a big life.
Yeah.
And that's what I got.
Okay, thanks.
He wants to be David Cassidy.
Maybe he can hang out with the guy with the eyes.
That was good timing.
I like David Cassidy.
He's got one date lined up anyway.
Would you stop?
Would you stop with that, with that factory stuff?
Oh, by the way, let me ask you this question.
I want you to answer it.
All right.
Mark Foley.
Congressman Mark Foley.
Attorney General Charlie Christ of Santa Florida.
And Rock Hudson.
What?
Do they share?
In comment.
I'll tell you.
Okay, now, if you're thinking about that one,
Charlie Christ, Mark Foley, and Tony Perkins.
Remember him from Psycho?
Sure.
What do the three of them have in common?
Charlie Christ, Mark Foley, and Norma Kent.
What do the three of them have in common?
Again, that baseball.
I just, just stop and think about this.
Just fantasize about this all day long.
It will come to you finally.
All right.
I mean, you might, it will be a little slow.
Here's another one.
Not a dumbest one.
I don't want to use them all up in one day.
It's going to be really interesting in the state of Florida.
We get this thing, you know, because state by state.
All the way over to you have the prohibition on game urges.
But if that issue really becomes like a hot button kind of thing in Florida.
And if people decide they want to start like marrying all over the place,
besides in Key West, of course, where we know there are a bunch of heathens anyway.
But what's going to happen when Charlie Christ might have to make a ruling on that?
Huh?
I don't know.
You might have to call up Dick Cheney and see how he did it.
Hey, how's your new year's resolution going?
It's April 1, tomorrow, no fooling, but boy, a third or a quarter,
fourth of the year's gone already.
And you're still fat.
And you're not making any progress, Ladi, I guarantee.
I can relate to that.
Well, it's just too darn difficult.
The stupid love of those diet programs.
But with balance, for life, they make it easy.
Because you don't have to go into the supermarket and figure out what to buy.
First of all, because they do all that for you.
There's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning,
no counter-recoding, no carbohydrate counting for sure.
Balance for life is based on Dr. Barry Sears' The Zone Diet,
and they deliver right to your door a little black sack.
And there's nothing like a little black sack because inside all the delicious fresh goodies
that you want for the entire day to keep you full and happy,
five feedings don't last.
Three meals, two snacks every day, right to your doorstep.
People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month for balance for life.
The Zone Diet is proving to lower your blood sugar, lower high cholesterol,
and high blood pressure too.
So what's not to like?
And if you ever wanted to try the South Beach Diet, here's your chance.
Because balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find.
It's the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices.
They let you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach Diet.
The most difficult thing you'll have to do all week is just fill out that little menu.
That's it, you fast it back to them, and you pick up from two choices for every meal and snack
on the meal all week long.
So if you're tired of all the other fad diets, you haven't lost the weight yet.
You're over to yourself to try balance for life.
It could be the difference between being out there and losing that weight or being in a box.
Feel the difference to you to results on the scale right away.
Call 1-866-225-4543.
In fact, we've got something new we're going to be optioning off at Beasley Adil.
It's called Beast in a Box.
Call toll free 1-866-225-4543 or check them out online at balanceforlife.com.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
What's your name, sir?
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all day.
You're going to be the most hard thing to do all week long.
You're going to want something different.
You're going to be the most hard thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most hard thing to do all week long.
You're going to be the most difficult thing to do all week long.
Always always always my favorite of yours
Always always always my favorite of mine.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
Prop 17 at 5.60 WQM home to free and used to be landed at the brave in the free speech
finale anymore.
But we have some really nifty options that we got on our QM.com website.
Yeah.
We got the Marlins on Dec. 12, 15th in the second year.
Beloved World Champion for the Marlins.
Brad Penney, Josh Beckett, Miguel Cabrera, Michael O'Leary, Lowell Thomas, Old Jack
McKinley, just turned 110 today.
Happy birthday Jack.
Let's see, Tom says for one year I'd like to be Tommy Lee.
He's not Mirady Flays drums, he's rich.
And with that watch out, ladies, PS for all that I could live with the tattoos.
I just go on Tom, Tommy Lee.
And of course he was with the panel Lee back in the day, which he actually looked human
for a little bit for about how many seconds?
3rd man.
Yeah.
That's bad.
Oh, it's speaking to the Marlins, got some bad news.
Oh, no, don't be the bearer of ill-tidings.
What?
The game isn't re-doubted, is it?
No.
Oh, not that bad.
Oh.
The Florida Marlins may be World Champions, but they're not likely to get state help with building
a new stadium this year.
Dang.
It's certainly dead for this year's Senate President Jim King, Republican and Jacksonville
said yesterday it's too late in the game.
It would look like we're just pushing something through.
Now, we've got something you can push through.
King's comments coming only a day before legislature will honor the team for his World
Title, a didn't dampen the hopes of team officials who still see a $60 million state sales
tax break as the key to building a new home team home.
It's important for the future of baseball and South Florida that we hold out hopes
that David Sanson and the insoli president, he said his goal is to keep the team in Florida,
and that goal will not go away till the gap goes out on the last day of the session.
Still, King's opposition will likely kill any effort this year to help the team despite
Governor Jeff Bush's support to the idea.
If King says it's dead, if he's going to block it, it's dead.
Said House Majority Leader Marco Rubio, Republican of Miami, noted there are fewer than four weeks
left in the session if nothing happens this session will be because the team started
too dang late.
Oh, that's right, Jeff Cohenine.
How they come back to the scene of the crime, Jeff Cohenine, one of the original Marlins,
I think, when they had a very original team?
Yeah.
That was there.
I used to be a Marlin fan for about five minutes until I went out to the ballpark and
listened to the idiots who went to the games and oh, God.
He's got to go back and tag up at first before he takes his lead again before the kickers
scratches his private.
Oh, they had no clue what it's all about.
That's why one of the reasons why nobody shows up at the Marlin Games is because unless
they're like, you know, winning every game, plus it's boring.
When Juan Pierre, the stolen base leader from 2003, several Marlins officials and players
will be in tell I have seen today to be honored by the House and Senate along with David
Samson, Jeffrey Luria, Larry Beanfest, Blindfest and Jack McKibb.
Don't forget your felding, Jack.
5670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
If you could be anything is living person for one year, who would it be?
You have to know 125.
Bill Gates 55, Tiger Woods 51, Tom Brady's God.
God, third man.
Red Fifth 27, Britney Spears 19, Johnny Depe 18, Alex Rodriguez 60.
Look at that.
Johnny Depe is keeping right up on Britney.
Who wouldn't want to witness that?
Look out.
Look out now, honey.
Bill Clinton 15, Ron Jeremy 15, Peter R. 13, Ron continues holding a slim lead.
He's probably voting over and over again.
Got nothing else to do.
Your grotesque Ron, okay, you're disgusting and gross.
George W. Tann, Rupert Murdoch 8, Michael Douglas 8, LeBron James has got 8 billion dollars.
Jack Nicholsson 6, Miguel Cabrera 5, Ricky Martin 5, Oprah's got 4.
I got 3.
Yeah, I like that.
I got 3.
If yours don't have any yet.
Nobody wanted to be you.
No, I don't make it up to you.
Wait until I see your picture.
I just went up to 4.
I'm going to tie with Oprah.
I will see you together.
No.
Same person.
William Hengtu and Rikaetu, Puk-Daddy-2, P. Diddy, Louis McGill, Louis McGill 2, but that's a periodist.
Still with E on there, Josh.
He's militant about that.
Why?
He's married to Johnny.
What?
Type the instructions to the air if they're to change it.
I watched him do it.
One of the ways he can't change it only, or he can only add nuts and traps.
But why is that?
Come on, Eric.
Listen up the first rangel.
Look at there.
Listen up the co-tales.
You militant, Nazi, basted up there in Orlando.
Let Josh do this thing and quit the top of the limitation.
Why is that?
Based on what?
I don't believe you.
Based anyway.
Josh would have to go back to college to learn how to do it.
Wayne has got one.
Wayne Heizing, a baldy, old clockmark man.
Pet Robertson, one time elite one.
None yet for David Cassidy.
Do I let a Fuku go or rush?
Nobody wants to eat rush.
What does it have to outcome?
I'd be rush for a year.
He's got bucks.
He's got some big bucks.
He's got all the right connections to.
Yeah, you'd love to be rush.
You're getting in touch with Wilma and some other good contacts.
WQA and Hello, Wobbles.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
Hey, you don't like the Florida Mars, man.
You know what that is?
Yeah, I know.
Because you're an idiot.
WQA and Hello.
Uh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have Z-main.
Matt Damon.
Matt Damon is not a bad idea.
There you go.
Okay, thanks a lot, Charlie.
Matt Damon.
The universe, uh, oh, uh, speak out of that.
Let me say Charlie, Chris, Mark Foley,
State Representative from Palm Beach, and Matt Damon,
the three of them has something in common,
and you think about what it might be.
I don't want to hear it now.
All right.
Take about your answer, okay?
One of these days, when he least expected,
I will have you answer the question.
Hello, WQA and Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
How are you doing?
I'm doing terrific.
Excellent.
Well, the reason why I'm calling this,
because I want to tell you that you're a big, fast,
okay, great.
WQA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I've been one for your list.
Okay.
I can't take the guy's name, but instead of Hugh Heppner,
the young guy who started that girl's on wild business,
the tapes that you see on TV.
I don't know.
What's the name of that young guy that started the girls
from a wild business, George?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
He's split in the high life.
Yeah.
And that would not mind being him for a year.
Okay, well, let's find out what his name is,
then we can put him on a pool.
Or he just put out there, the young guy that started that girl.
Oh, God, wild thing.
That guy could find out what his name is before he calls.
That would be a really good idea.
5670560, pound 566 on a AT&T.
Are the kids out of school today or what?
Is it just all the pills that got split around?
No, it's just, yeah, the ship came.
Somebody dropped a load on the ground.
They just fell all over the place and people are picking them up
and popping them in like piss.
They didn't show up.
Like, Eminem's?
I think some of these call me the good Eminem, myself.
Oh, that's right.
Eminem, ****, I'm a WQA and Hello.
WQA and Ola?
Hey, you here.
Yes, sir.
I know when you ripped them better, man.
You had the belt.
Yeah.
What do you got for us, Pali?
I was going to tell you that for your poll, Mark Cuban,
not the Pandas of the audience, but he's pretty rich and young.
You got a big mouth, yeah.
And a sports dude.
There you go, Mark Cuban.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pali.
Plus, still liking because he's Cuban.
Well, 5670560, pound, how about Bob Pouban
and the, what was that song?
Bob Pouban and the old Bokeh Bronze Angry with me right now,
because I should know that right off the top of my head.
The cheater, wasn't that it?
I don't know.
He'll confirm it.
Oh, come.
Where's my book?
Give me seven seconds.
By now you're aware that the Federal Communications Commission.
That's great.
Every time we have a little pause, we'll play a word block.
Because Duff has got a mental block.
Be sure I put a lot of briefs in there too.
Okay, even though the words aren't being spoken,
that has got to be what I thought that the auction yesterday was the low point in history over QA.
And this was so much worse when you told me that,
last night, I got an email from Bokeh Bronze last night from undercocked.com.
Yeah, I'd forgotten about it.
Bob Pouban and the in-man, the cheater, it was number 12 in February, 1969, 1966.
I wish I had it here, I would play it.
In fact, I bet you it's on that one, one of those ones.
During the next break, I'm going to look around to see if I got it.
Remember we did the one-hit wonder thing and we're sorry we did it?
Yeah.
Oh yeah, I had fun.
Bob Pouban and the cheater.
Oh yeah, I enjoyed it, the audience hated it though.
It's like this pool today, there's nothing wrong with it.
We don't get it, what does it mean?
And obviously a lot of them aren't getting it,
which is why so many of them want to be who have nearing everybody else who's getting late a lot,
because basically they ain't.
26th past November, like a Marlon game in and about a half an hour boy.
Our favorite team, the Florida Marlins, they'll kick some ass.
And on that field, there's a lot of grass.
There's a lot of grass on that field in here.
It's not really grass, but they may be smoking some.
Hey, if they were like the UM Hurricanes back when I did the games,
they'd be smoking a lot of grass, good stuff.
Hey, listen, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
They're absolutely incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit fee,
and even zero discounted points.
Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have 100,000 out of loan, your payments are a mere 334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $668 a month.
They don't forget once you get a new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call this toll free number right now, and they'll spend you how this works.
Call 1-866-395-Len.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
They move the units property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero duck fees, zero closing costs,
even when you move to another property.
Get that new low rate financing of just 1.25%.
It's called the only one mortgage that is from the financial group
you'll never pay closing costs again.
Call them today.
What's not to like?
Call 1-866-395-Len.
That's 1-866-395-LEND.
They're in equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply.
Rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
5.606-560
4.21 APR.
You win.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
We're the flagship station.
You win.
A
I'm pretty to it five sixty every two and we're getting so close to ballgame time
you can almost smell the shoe leather can't you?
Yeah, I can feel it.
You can almost smell something.
And of course in back in the day I would have played a little drop in right there, but
now if I hit that it goes moron like that.
Or if I wanted these it goes.
Or even or even or or or or or or sounds used to be those heart sounds that we can't
play no more because it's just yeah it's I don't know unclean unacceptable it's in
very poor taste WQ and hello Neil yes sir.
Hey Jacob how are you?
Pretty good Jacob.
Good listen I haven't spoken to you since the last year and I'm wondering who you're
going for this year whether it's a birth or carry.
The election last year I'm not there in 2000 sorry about I'm driving.
You listen to the show you have to ask me who I'm going to hope for.
I haven't been able to listen because I work inside now.
I'm holding for 45 times Jacob I'm voting for carry a hundred times.
You think so?
I know so you're right on this question Jacob.
No just wondering you can you do me a favor I have a family request.
Yeah.
Can you have the FADs?
Can't wait that more no change.
I can take them have a great life okay get back in touch with reality.
Wow that is scary.
5 6 7 or we can play a little bit of it.
Okay as much as yeah.
What is that what is that under?
Here comes under here come the FADs.
I can't say that is might be the at no it's under the it's under okay just relax
now we've got plenty of time to look all game got a couple minutes.
There's the F word we certainly can't play that no more we can play the Bible says and
the Clintons and the cockamoon song I think we can play we can play a little bit of this.
There you go.
I think that's about it.
Okay that's the Zorrohars that's going to take it obviously is so about it's like she
doesn't realize that freedom of speech is dead in America you see while America was sleeping
the FCC and the government came in one day and says oh you can't say and you can't say
and all of a sudden like 90% of the stuff we used to play we can't play no more see
that's why we're doing a stop at CC dot com deal which I noticed today Florida is really
sucking wind and not doing much on there at all really sad just when we had a chance to
overtake Texas they were right on their big fat Texas ass 18 170 behind lots not too bad
Florida's in third place out of all of the states the overall petition drive so far we
got 131,372 nice job against Scott and don't forget now he's added that link which I
think is fabulous where he can well fabulous see there go again it's my factory coming
out again just like a president so anyway what a Neil Rogers and Mark Foley and the
Charlie Christ anyway the the letter generated the said letter to your generous just click
that on fill out your name and address and they'll automatically set off your letters
that you click in which state you live in and by the big it's automatic that's a great
job Scott nice well baby that is a beautiful thing if we only had a bunch more of you people
out there that were cared enough to send you very best it would get involved in something
but no people just sit back and lay back well it makes sense to me that Janet Jackson
thing was disgusting and it's super ball and we ought to be having a revolution in this
country to stop all the growth and perversion and the disgusting things like boobies we got
boobies running the country and Jacobs got a call up and ask which one voting for that
Jacob that is so sad I want to hold my head in my hands and cry for hours anybody who votes
for a bush for the fastest regime we've got in there ought to be in jail and you know something
or if they do if he does get it again probably most of them will be but that's right the
Papu Kim they in their Rick Robert Kim both this time he could not he's a writer WQA
him hello hi Neil yes ma'am I would like to be Jennifer Ralliskin for a year so I could
be ready to Brad Pitt there you go not a bad choice Jennifer Anderson thanks you welcome my
dear did we put Jennifer Anderson on there no we put Brad Pitt on there oh well how about
Jennifer Anderson there you go and how about the Vanessa what's her name her at least her
this I see the IE disappeared off it and I scored Eric nice go on mr. Sleepyhead so I
present people I just sent you the facts on it amel Francis yes you send me a thanks about
one the girls gone wild guy I mean we know the girls gone wild thing but what
difference does it make who he is does that make a difference he came up with the idea
Joe let's say the Joe Francis is the girls gone wild guy you know how old he is
I'm sorry man worth of fortune and unfortunately in the news yesterday rape allegations at the
Ritz and South Beach March 12 yes I hear the again against Joe against Joe oh no not Joe see nobody
wants another Joe 5 6 7 oh it's thinking of allegations that bitch they called in yesterday
ripping our good close friends Joe Castillo let's you know talk about not gonna go when he's down that
was so bad call him a liar Joe called me in the afternoon and what do you say he said it's not
true he's only ever been honest to her about his prowess yeah he didn't miss lead her at all I don't
want to talk about his house oh no I'm just kidding Joe did call you know the ass what was up and I
told him then he's gonna research it he's gonna research it yeah to find out who you're gonna
check it out take a peek and let us know you find Joe okay draw some pictures 22 to 1 man Marlon's
pregame Marlon's on direct a deck at 1250 the Marlon's and the Baltimore Orioles and four Lottor
Ali Yankee Stadium at 105 I don't understand that if they Marlon's players are gonna be in
a telehancey today what is this gonna be like a skeleton squad today is that gonna be it
when you think you must be talking to you guys you never know well but maybe they were up there
early this morning and they like they flew them back I mean of course it's only an exhibition
this game so it's not a big deal maybe they display it I would like a partial squad and one of
the coaches will be the manager today and Jack McKean will be taking his zero trial up there until
I had to he would you have another yuck it up you know hey remember when your daddy used to
own the Texas Rangers and traded away Alex Rodriguez for a bunch of baseball cards oh yeah
and actually who did he trade away trade away um Sammy Sosa
21 before 1 at 5 60 WQM I have been telling you for a long time if the mattress is lumpy and bumpy
get rid of it get yourself a great new mattress with just one easy call this is the easiest
piece of shopping that you can do called out a mattress toll free at 1 800 mattress they back up
everything they say and they're advertising 182% but their competitors lie like crazy when you
see those big ads those big come on please do yourself a favorite read that fine print the ads
about big headlines that say half off but then you find out that only applies to a limited selection
of items that you didn't want anyway everything else is still full price and they probably double
the regular price on the the summer too nice anyway and you'll probably never be able to make
a fair exchange if you don't like it but it got a mattress forget about all of these things because
they're ads had no tiny print no disclaimers when you call 1 800 mattress you'll see that their
prices are so low how low are they see if I was like Jean what's his name Rayber how low are
they right poor Jean Rayber you know he's still dead yes he is other stores have to offer
half off sales just to compete with the atom I personally still give you that no risk 30 day
company exchange policy on all beds including the one you be buying don't forget when you call
dial a mattress 1 800 mattress you're getting company ranked the best anywhere and everywhere
in overall customer satisfaction from candle to steward Palm Beach to Ford Myers even Oak
and dial a mattress reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're
buying even if you decide not to buy from them so what you do possibly you're waiting for if your
bed is ahead you want to get a great new deal on a fantastic new mattress just pick up that
phone make that one simple call and like I said the simplest smartest piece of shopping you can be
doing call 1 800 mattress or love on a mattress dot com dial a mattress 1 800 MATT RES the honest
way to get you a new bed and a great night's sleep for years to come
please support radio 5cc
ua m
w qa presents
Arlen's baseball wait don't touch that dial no please please oh sure it's not what you
have seen I won't you listen anyway please come on we have a multi-million dollar obligation
of broadcast please can't whether you like it or not even if it doesn't or so cubans may show
a fun occasion please do it like a new stadium anyway here's the Marley
I have no hand this will be just feel down or have no feet
you can touch the ground a new eyeball to put your glass eyeball down there's a place you can't
be at the flatters there's a special today for some fingers it's double coupon day if you're
fighting listen ten parts you'll find you can use their new X-Fest line
oh
the silver body parts of you see L.A. the silver body parts of you see L.A.
play have ever been from a bunch of you a job all you need is your own job you get your body parts of you see L.A.
all sorts of body parts of you see L.A.
you can get a new heart even a naughty part you can put it on your credit card
well look at that voice monster kind of leads to the test to fight as soon as possible to stop
the bleeding locations like a human turnip it now let's stop that bleeding it's looking bad
1244 at 560 W.C.M. we're just six minutes away from the bruntless first broadcast of the
incredibly terminal bay van boring and the great blue shambi that's what we ought to be playing you
know what why not we do like google on we love boob we gotta be doing the entire game and the fact that
he's sad over that good for a long time pretty sure the terminal that he's all letting do
the
No, no, no, no.
You know something that just got on me. I think I just had a one of those moments.
Yes.
If we can play that,
yeah, then why can't we play?
Huh? Not on the list.
Oh, right.
I think tomorrow,
well, I think it is a definitive rule on that.
I think we're going to have boobs a lot tomorrow on the A Neoronder Show.
If you listen today and notice we had several.
What? What's wrong with boobs a lot?
We can still say boobs, right?
Here you go. That's one of the 16 words that we can still say.
So it's sad that people like Jacob and others who aren't listening religiously every day are out of touch with what's going on,
especially while they're just coming in and taking away all the things that you can listen to,
and the things you can say and the things you can read,
and he wants to ask me should I vote for Bush again, right?
Oh, you're right.
Anyway, if you could be any famous living person for one year, who would it be?
That's our poll question today on the world famous TheArojers.com.
You have to know 140.
The guys out there are just dying to be dying.
Bill Gates 59, Tiger Woods 57, Tom Brady 34, Brad Pitt 31, Johnny Debt 25,
Brittany Spears 22, Peter North 19, Peter North Finley passed Ron Jeremy.
Thank God, there's hope for human race.
A rod 18, Bill Clinton 17, Ron Jeremy 17, House A, Donald Trump 15, W's got 12, Jack Nicholson 10, Michael,
Oh, you know, it just done to me whether want to be Ron Jeremy.
I give up. Oh, it's been going to be double-jointed.
Michael Douglas 8, Rupert Murdock 8, LeBron James 8, Neil Roger 7,
they're nuts, Oprah 5, Ricky Martin 5, McGrill Crabura 5, T Diddy 4, and Gryffin's got 3,
Mark Cuban's got 3, Luis Miguel 2, David Cancer, he's got a peer, William Hung, he's got a small peer,
Tommy Lee 2, Vanessa Peridus 2, Peridus and Peridet.
Wayne Heisenberg's got 1, that's the same Wayne Heisenberg by the way we should point out to you,
that called an in-bitched out-mo and gathered us for a morning show on QM,
and we are ecstatic about that.
Rush Limbo, one's had Robertson 1, none yet out of 545 votes for Joey Butterfouco,
Matt Damon, Jennifer Aniston for Joe Francis.
How about Arlene Francis?
How about Francis Oh, here?
What are you saying?
Okay, oh, he's dead. I'm sorry, he's dead.
Arlene Francis, he's dead.
Anyone else?
That's going to be a full question about who would you rather be?
Pinky Lee, Peggy Lee, Tommy Lee, Tommy Lee, Pamela Lee,
right, Sarah Lee, Sarah Lee, Brenda Lee, Leapy Lee, Marvada Lee Major,
Stan Major,
or like our middle-level management people made at this morning,
Major Tsemis about nothing.
Happy Paisal, happy Easter baby, we got the Marlins on deck them up momentarily,
Marlins in the Orioles, the Huffer, the Hebrew Hammer 4-7 is after her.
Happy morning.
Good luck to you, Assault. Thanks a lot, thanks.
Hey, don't forget, Pantheon, P.V. with 7 Ottawa Senators at the Panthers.
They gave a lot of money, better lose.
Go Panthers, go Big Times, I have to be Macawina.
Any K-Fall is the hockey game. Any interest whatsoever?
No, no.
I'm here in the room.
I'm in the room, I'm in the room.
He's going to be here.
So, he's going to be here in the room.
So, he's going to be here in the room.
