Sports time is 10 o'clock the big daddy Neil Rogers coming up next
We'll give some crap about Ricky when we got there you go
Bye-bye Ricky
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of
32
That haunt me in the dining room in middle,
During the recovery was tiring.
נו,
S
You can't do it all your time, dude.
You'll all be yourself.
Well, I'll say it all.
You know it.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm saying,
care of things.
Making care of them is, I'm, I'm a BTO player, well.
This Hillary Bommock install is the damn thing I ever saw.
Your run should be little goofy, though.
Because you never have this in New York, so change.
Your mind running in an oil air.
We don't believe it's your Yankee band.
No sign of it's outpacing bad Democrats.
Hillary Bommock installs.
Here.
H-I-L-L-A-R-Y.
Hillary.
Hillary.
Now it's outrageous.
10-02-560, WDQ.
I'm huge, pretty good last night.
Okay.
George didn't see any of the convention last night
because he was busy getting drunk
if Dave Higgins going away party.
That is correct.
Boy.
Good luck to you, Dave.
Dave Higgins going to New York.
Does he go into the fan, do we know?
I don't know.
I was told but I immediately forgot.
He's going, he's working satellite radio.
Serious.
Really?
Yeah, that's good.
The NFL Network.
Yes, serious.
Well, that's great.
Good luck to you, Dave.
Good God.
Good Jewish boy.
Never stole a freight train.
1655 votes on George's pool yesterday,
which is maybe a record.
You think?
For me, yeah, definitely.
For a little George.
That's a lot of votes for a little puss like George.
And of course the poll question was pretty obvious.
What's your reaction to this Ricky Williams thing?
And I, the rumors I'm hearing is that the son Florida people
being the great, great loyal people that they are.
They really are rock solid.
Turning on him like a corner to rat.
Yeah, he's a fruitcake.
He's a pot smoker.
He's a whatever.
That's fine.
Yeah.
He was great when he was a member of the team,
member of the establishment, and running like crazy,
helping to win some ball games.
But now that he's decided to hang it up,
going over to Asia somewhere,
I don't want to talk about where he's going.
I'll let you sit.
Anyway, George asked,
what's your reaction to this Ricky Williams thing?
Which has nothing to do with.
I'm bummed, but I'll get over it.
560 people said that.
33.8%.
Makes no difference to me.
400.
Who gives a crap?
It's great.
I hate the dolphins.
That was my vote.
305.
Rumor I'm starting today is that because Ricky Williams retired,
the dolphin games will no longer be heard on QA.
And we're going to be hearing the Patriot Games this season.
That's what I'm hearing.
All right.
It's great.
I hate the dolphins 305.
That was definitely my choice.
Who the F is Ricky Williams 166?
Life just ain't worth a living 81.
I think what they're really trying to say is.
I have no line.
Right.
WQAM Ricky Williams line.
Hello, yes.
I want to talk about the Ricky Williams.
Yes, go ahead.
Why he went to Asia.
Why he left the team.
I think he's still.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hi.
Hi.
I think that he was, he was, he was at Asia.
He went back to Australia because when he went to vacation,
he met an upper reason either.
Yes, is that it?
And yes, and he wants to run with him in a wild, free like a bird.
Okay.
All right.
Excellent.
There's the answer.
He's gone from 1740s last couple of days.
He wants to run with his evident, average, e-boyfriend, free like a bird.
Anyway, like this day, we're living 81.
No, but nothing can get me down.
Shaxon town.
Yeah.
Yeah, 81.
In other words, again.
I have no line.
And I think that often still have a shot.
62, which means Jimmy Johnson voted 62 times.
Pretty sad.
We got a shot.
Yeah.
What did I tell you about that often?
So that's my psychic powers again.
I was saying eight and eight, I was trying to be generous.
Now I'm thinking more like, more like a seven and, yeah.
Is what it's going to look like this year.
Oh, that way.
That's right.
That's 16, seven and nine.
Ain't to break the bad news to you.
All you fish fans out there.
Kylie Bax speaking of fish.
Kylie Bax is behind our beating curtain today.
A big improvement.
And thank God we got that Kate lost thing off there.
There was a hell.
How could you put that on there?
Kate's very popular at a track device.
Why is it?
What?
She looks like a pencil.
What are the original suits?
She looks like a pencil with boobs.
She is a thick one.
Well, Kylie Bax is definitely an upgrade.
She's under today.
She was born January 5th, 1975 in Tam's New Zealand.
Maybe Rickio run into where it goes down under.
You think?
So that makes her a 29.
What a nice age.
Her filmography Get Over It.
2001 Perfume, Boys and Girls, Jill DeRipper,
Remarried Margo, the big T's,
Storm Catcher, and a bunch of other stuff.
So there she is.
Kylie Bax is on our website, Beyond A Beat It curtain today.
If you're able to eat you've a hundred and you got like a bunch of ID.
Because John Ascroft's watching you.
Big brother's watching you.
He's watching your hands when you're every time you click on our website or any other website.
He's watching you very closely and carefully.
He's got his eye on your fly.
So what do you think about Ricky?
Last week it was, as this week it's Ricky.
Oh, thank God for all these dumb jocks man.
What else would we do?
WQA him, hello.
I'm looking at you.
I'm looking at you.
I'm looking at you.
Oh, he must be one of the animal lovers.
He's a, that's what he was called.
Is that it?
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5.
I have a feeling I couldn't be wrong but I have a feeling we're going to have some fine calls today.
Wouldn't that first one good?
Yeah.
That better.
I have to be that.
Anyway, I saw a lot of a convention last night.
Much of it.
I came in right when Al Gore finished.
Missed that.
A good time.
And then I saw, what did I see?
So, Hillary, I saw, what's that kid's name?
A Yasha Heifetz?
Whatever that kid's name is.
The Jewish kid with the bad zits.
Play amazing Grace.
That was a stellar moment.
In fact, I just saw a minor with Bill Hummer on CNN.
I thought they were going to do something to be honest with you.
The bill seemed pretty shaken and taken.
And shook his hands.
Or we used it firm like a real man.
Anyway, I saw that.
And then I saw Hillary.
She was pretty good.
She had a nice little speech introducing her husband.
Did you see the clip when he came out and they hugged?
Yes.
No kiss.
No.
Now that Al and Tipper crap from 2000.
Good God.
Well, I can't even imagine the last time the two of them, well, I don't want anyone to think about it.
What a grotesque.
Certainly, they don't sleep in the same room.
I'm not sure that.
Kind of like the king and the queen of England and Prince Philip.
But at any rate.
I think it would be hugging.
And she had made a pretty good speech.
And then he just was sensational.
I don't care what anybody says.
It was great.
It was wonderful.
And I kept thinking to myself, oh, why can't we have him back?
Okay.
Just for four more years, don't have to be eight.
What do you say?
Okay.
By the end.
Oh, man, what a great speech.
You think about the speech he made.
And now you think about wooden algor.
And what a disaster he was.
And then you think about the bushmeister who's just Abu Gharram as illiterate and idiotic and doofus.
And you wonder, what are these having a public thinking about?
What do they think of using humor?
Oh, I see.
Well, they must be.
It's pretty funny stuff, huh?
It's been going to funny stuff on that Teresa Heinz carry, man.
If she ever got her hair done, she'd be dangerous.
That's the tongue.
She still got that shaggy dog look.
Anyway, on the eve of the Democratic National Convention, the wife of Senator John Kerry told
a journalist, the shove it is what she said.
All right.
Nice going.
You go, girl.
Teresa 57 varieties Heinz Kerry accused the editorial page editor of the Pittsburgh Tribune
Review of misquoting her, although she had in fact used the word she did not using.
The Kerry campaign and other Democrats have said the paper is biased against the Kerry campaign,
the Democratic Party.
And the reason for that being that that newspaper is owned by Richard Mellon's Skafe,
who is pulling the strings on misdraug, of course, and who's donated millions to conservative
causes.
They're rewriting fanatic, wacko, lunatic, maniac.
Fanatic extremist, all of these things is what I'm saying.
All of these things.
Right.
So she had good reason to do it.
And she's got some like his ass.
I like her.
He's more than bad, dude.
She's spunky.
She is spunky and she opens up a mouth and she don't take any crap.
That's exactly what we need.
Kind of like Eva Brown is what she reminds me of.
I respect reporters and I respect anyone who does their job well.
Anyone who does their job well.
We got a echo in here or what?
That was great.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, yeah.
Yeah.
I heard this rumor that I should feel a meal going downtown and if you go with Ricky Williams
is that?
Is he?
That's what I'm hearing.
That's what we're hearing all the way up here.
Jack.
Yeah.
Keep your eye out for that attack.
First we had the Iraq attack.
Now it's going to be the Shack attack.
Oh, right.
And this morning George was having a big Mack attack but instead of how he's brought in
the food.
Thanks, Hawes.
We appreciate a lot.
We're going to George, join George this Saturday, two to four at Reva Motorsports Segway located
in a block north of Samplorodon, Dixie Highway.
Where is that?
The Dixie Highway.
Now, how come in Day County they call it the Dixie Highway but in Broward it's as Dixie?
I don't know.
We'll find out.
Anyway, if the block north of Samplorodon, Dixie, registered to win free Segway human transportation
device, man, those things are hotter than ice cubes.
The QMQDs will be there plus food provided by Atlantic City Sub's where I run.
Now, did you tell me I was not there?
No, longer there.
Or I were used to make the difference.
That's really a shame.
What happened to him?
He moved on to other things that he would enjoy more.
Such as he's the super incentive of apartment complex or something like that.
Okay, who are house or something like that?
Something like that.
Well, I was going, you were going, I ran, you're a good guy.
Now, don't tell me that Scott's back in Baltimore Atlantic City so good.
Because we loved I ran, Scott was just a real pain in the ass but licking fool.
I was good.
I was good.
So get out of here, Scott, go away.
And not only that, but just what an exploiter he was.
Remember that?
This is the whole thing just leaves me to limp.
These are people that, till I am barest admitted, would never spend a dime on this radio station.
And we don't mind plugging people to bring free food, little tit for tat if I can say that.
I'm sorry, little tit for tat, but, you know, to be bringing in special announcements over
you and out to our party pack for the Super Bowl.
Man, every time I would see Scott, when he'd come in here sucking around, I would think,
and he did.
12 minutes after 10 to 560 WQ am I not a sensational tooth?
They made it a great day because Ricky's retirement is hanging up right on the heels of all the euphoria.
Go to the show, your stuff, Florida can't catch a break.
And then what to show you?
Yeah, but he's all with them and their friends, they're excited about, yeah, we might have something.
It might be a life, a little bit of something we can cling on to, all the clingons in town.
And then all of a sudden Ricky just turns tail if I can say that.
Welcome.
Paul Zance.
He's going off to Thailand is what the George was saying this morning for some Thai stick.
Is that what you heard or just made that up?
I just made that up.
Oh, I heard he's going to Australia.
1013 at 560 WQ am as your company's suffering from regulations and increased labor costs,
so it oases outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business, payroll administration,
Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management.
These are just a few of the services that oases outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call oases outsourcing today for a free valuation in 1-866 at oases.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, oases outsourcing them stands in many facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing can be recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business
while you leave the operational details to oases outsourcing.
Let oases outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable.
If you'd like to get a free evaluation there is positively no obligation.
Call their toll free number.
They'll explain it to you.
Call 1-866 at oases.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for oases outsourcing.
9-8 and local.
This is 4-3-0-560.
You're way the same way, yeah.
You're gay.
The community.
John Kerry and John Edwards, though, soothing a lingo lane.
The Fedward's wasn't married, Kerrywood.
Gives him a reign.
Folks startin' at talk.
For each other they got a thing.
Always the touchy touchy feeling toin' their campaign swing.
Mine's only mine baby.
I put my boat down to shove.
Cause these two planted it guys can't keep their hands to themself.
Well done, baby.
Baby, baby.
And the ball is in the split.
Baby, see these democratic boys acting.
Just a little gay.
I sure hope they don't call me judgements.
Hey, I'm an American.
You two just don't go that way.
Mine's only mine baby.
I put my boat down to shove.
Cause these two planted it guys can't keep their hands to themself.
Hey, see that 560 W2 unhappy Tuesday too.
Anyway, I apologize to Eric.
I apologize.
I just fasted him a new pool.
I changed the pool.
I got, I don't know, I just got inspiration.
Okay.
Well, you know, it's like a squeezing blood out of a rock
who might as well squeeze it for all its worth, right?
Or till it's dry.
That's right.
So here's today's pool.
The other one will do on Thursday.
I keep postponing it.
We did the actor one last Tuesday.
They will do it on Thursday.
Got a short show on Thursday because of the Marlin game.
Oh right.
What a shame.
Anyway, here's today's pool question.
Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring?
And we got an excellent first choice.
Well, if the audience come up with the choices.
He's off to Australia with his average and e-friend.
That's our first choice.
I hope I spelled out a virginie right.
If not, I'm sure Eric can handle it.
Sorry again, Eric, because I apologize.
It's just, you know, we got to like capitalize on it.
Go back.
Didn't you tell me to one of the TV stations used to unauthorize
and from yesterday?
Yeah.
With the channel 4 out of without authorization or credit, I don't know.
Which one was it?
We don't know.
What? What did the local local TV stations use to pick from the meal Roger show yesterday?
And didn't give any credit or mention anything about us.
Screw you guys, okay?
To you. That's a Raspberry.
Devoid, do I hate that?
The real reason that Ricky Williams is retiring is...
W.Q. William, hello.
That must be it.
W.Q. William, hello.
I'm sorry, but that's about the estimation.
W.Q. Amola.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am. I'm working.
I'm good.
Love your show, Neil.
Really great to meet you.
Thank you.
It is.
I just wanted to mix a little bit of...
I know it's kind of early to mix up sports and politics.
But I'm breaking it in use because it's a little bit early for me to call the big zero.
I mean, the big O.
Stop!
You know.
I heard you're rock solid.
I am.
Rock solid.
You're looking for a small forward.
Rock solid.
And there is somebody out there.
And she doesn't have...
You can't say that she doesn't have any moves.
And there is a available.
Yeah, okay.
Farenheit sets records for documentaries.
Michael Moore's documentary is the first ever to top $100 million.
Oh, right!
Michael Moore joined the $100 million club as his political assault, Farenheit 9.11,
became the first documentary ever to top that market to the domestic box
or a fist of film had a weekend haul of $5 million.
Collected it's total 103 out of third millions since opening in late June.
The American people have not been given a whole story about these last three years.
They don't feel they've been given the truth from the White House more severe today.
So they've gone to the movie theaters, look to the truth and begin the important discussion
and debate that needs to take place in this country.
The previous best domestic gross for a feature-length documentary was, guess what that was.
I'm taken.
Going for Columba.
Oh!
A Paul Tree 21.6 million.
That film took nine months to do that.
While Farenheit did more business, 23.9 million just in the first weekend.
How do you like that?
A lot.
The poll rising effects of 9.11 and S.A.F.D.
with Americans bitterly divided over bushes and bases of Iraq have boosted the public sabotage
for political bio-committal resets as Farenheit 9.11, control room and outfoxed Moore said.
Well, that's good. Nice going.
You go, Mike.
Let's go see it again 20, 30 times.
What do you say?
Yeah, I want to see Michael Moore.
530, man.
Right.
Okay, let's get this Ricky Williams pool going now.
All you people that are all bent out of shape about it.
56670560.
Town 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And what do you think Ricky Williams is retiring?
WQA, and hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a reason for Ricky.
Yes sir.
Because some day, once that ran him for one million times last season.
Because the coaches of Bozo.
Okay, I like that one.
Back down.
Thanks, Pally.
How about the coaches of Bozo?
Is there any doubt about that?
Absolutely.
Even Moa agrees and he calls the games.
I like that one.
I wonder what Moa's thinking about the Ricky Williams.
Because I don't get a chance to get up there to really listen to Moa and the Gildin.
The party court says.
Yes, that he was laughing.
He was laughing about it?
At the beginning of the show on Monday.
That's the rumor that's just a spy report.
Oh no.
This is no laughing matter.
The voice of the dolphins was laughing about it?
Holy, Saliva.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
Well, we'll see.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Damn.
Yes, sir.
I'm just tuning in.
You're not sure you touched on it.
Do you see Boba last night?
Yes.
Well, I don't you just missed a hell out of that guy.
That's what I just got through a sense.
You've got to be kind of like a clock when you should.
I mean, I got to boys with that.
I just got some fuel.
But he just, you know,
besides being an eloquent speaker,
he just, you know, just exudes a certain level of care
confidence.
He just can't, you know, help with, wish the guy, you know, was still in there.
He's got something that Carrie doesn't have,
that Gordon haven't, that the Bushers haven't, that's called a personality.
Yeah, that's right.
I know it's prepared statements.
You know, they got those special monitors or whatever.
Yeah, but he was a great speech.
He was a great speech.
He was a great speech.
I thought Hillary did a great job.
Yeah.
He was pumped up, man.
It was great.
Well, if he already touched on there, sorry about that.
No problem.
I'll do it.
We can touch it all we like.
All right, Blake.
Till John Ascroft finds out, 5.670560.
I don't see, we get a second one.
What do the guys say?
Because the coach is a bozo.
Right.
Right.
Okay.
You got that.
WDQ Ann, hello.
Yeah, I know why he wants to retire.
Yes?
Because he wants to smoke to enjoy in the morning.
Yeah.
Smoke to enjoy in the afternoon.
Yeah.
And then smoke to enjoy again.
Yeah, mine.
Okay.
Oh, it's so nice.
I hear he's coming up here.
And it's Toronto is what I'm hearing.
That's the room, all right?
Well, we can smoke the really good crap.
And nobody cares about it.
Nobody pays no attention.
I was just reading that thing online before the show about how he said that the the integral
players, they cheat the P-test.
By drinking some magic potion.
Some I think he's been drinking too many magic potions himself.
And Corey got this strange bird.
I beg your pardon.
He's cookie.
And Corey wants to know what the potion is.
Yeah.
Do you want to find that out before his next P-test, please?
5670560.
It's Ricky, Ricky, and Shaq and Ricky.
Shaq!
Shaq!
See, more, I mean, all he was talking about.
Ricky, Ricky, this is really during the games.
That's all you hear him does screaming.
Ricky, this...
I guess he's still a jazz fan.
Really, when you come right down to it?
WDQA, and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
That one for the poll.
Yes, sir.
One word.
Shaq.
You know something, this guy may have a point.
Shaq!
I think that...
I think you people chased Ricky Williams out of South Florida.
This guy, I think, has got his thumb right on it.
Shaq!
Just one word choice there.
Because the public went so overboard.
I mean, here Ricky Williams has been the sports hero.
He's been a man.
Vizara's he is.
Or kind of...
Well, whatever he was.
He was...
He was the hero, right?
Right.
And all of a sudden, the lawn comes to this...
God, with a big, big head.
Shaq!
And it's like Ricky Williams don't even exist.
Forget about the dolphins.
Forget about anything else in life.
And Tom, it's all...
All the time.
That's right.
Enough with that.
Now, for these promos, too, by the way.
It's in a little out of hand here.
Look for the Q&M van at 11 o'clock this morning at the Shell Gas Station.
Check out the Q&M van and whatever given away.
Don't get the gas.
At the Shell Gas Station on the corner at 27th Avenue in US one and coconut grove,
stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to the Marlins Phillies game tomorrow at Pro Player Stadium,
right down the street from prestigious QIM and Chuck's sub-center.
And the VARBERSHOPP or George Bives' Crap.
Or ought to be anyway.
Got to go check that out over there.
I'll be right back.
I just... I just make that up.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, no.
I know the court there, my lord.
Nancy, 7 o'clock.
Yeah.
By that convenience store where stuff is like 25 years old, they sell away.
Yeah.
Because they can meet patties?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think that's the cashier's name, is Patty.
How many sales are there?
10 at 560 WQM when you're moving or renovating,
that's the best time to make that easy call 1-800-MATRUS.
Make that first-ending dream home,
heavily, with a brand new top-club,
a brand name mattress from Dalamakras.
You pick the date and time for delivery,
if you're moving schedule and Dalamakras is on time,
99.7% of the time, nobody anywhere,
gives you a better deal of that,
nobody's got a better source than Queen and King size mattress,
that's two, waiting for a medium delivery than Dalamakras.
When you call that number, 1-800-MATRUS,
right now you'll get a great mattress at a discount price.
Dalamakras, they're ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau,
Local Tourists of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-MATRUS,
you'll choose from the complete line of the top names in the universe.
They got them all silly,
sort of King Coral, Simmons, temper, beating, even,
stirons and foster you with.
Everybody with a brain is calling 1-800-MATRUS.
What is it? 1-800-MATRUS.
You ought to be doing the same.
Log on to their website for more info at
mactrists.com, or just make that 1-Easy call,
and they'll be there knocking on your door
when you want any time it's convenient for you.
Here it here, yourself, a great night's sleep for years
to come, with at 1-1-1-800-MATRUS.
That's my life.
I'm local.
This is for 3-0-560-MATRUS.
I'm a real man.
All right.
Thanks.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
Absolutely.
Oh, that's a good boy.
Oh, that's a good boy.
He wants to be so new.
He's all looking man.
My mama.
He wants to be so new.
So leave it.
You can.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I hope you're good.
I hope I'm the sick girl here.
That's why I hope to do it.
It'll be boring.
I hope to do it tonight.
I hope to do it.
It'll be me afternoon.
It'll make me feel alright.
I hope to do it.
It's time of freedom.
It's time of freedom.
We'll join whoever we
could wish for.
You're going to get the win, you're going to see your home world.
Rolls to the dry.
I know you want to play that.
Rolls to the dry.
Rolls to the dry.
Rolls to the dry.
You're going to see that's what I do.
Rolls to the dry.
Rolls to the dry.
Hey, 45 at 5.60.
Have you seen anything offensive about Ricky Williams today?
We do want to say up front.
I apologize.
Because we certainly want to.
But maybe there's a slight outside chance that he might change his mind.
What do you think?
No.
But anyway, I apologize.
I'm going to say all these people are going to say these terrible things.
For example, Todd says Ricky is retiring because he's tired of getting slapped on the
ass by big smelly sweaty men.
Now from the comments I've been getting passed along to me, I would think quite the opposite.
But at any rate, I don't think so.
He's retiring because he's getting tired of slapped on the ass by big smelly sweaty
men.
Let's put that out anyway you want, okay?
If you can't.
Also, Ricky's retiring so it can smoke weed without NFL checkups.
I think there might be some validity to that, Mon.
He's a big weed man.
All the way he did see the thing that I don't understand is he cut the hair.
He got the haircut.
That was a linda to us yesterday.
And what was the explanation?
They used your hair for drug testing.
I see.
Yeah, it didn't occur to me.
There's somebody called over there.
But I was a little weed is what's a little wacky weed is what's keeping more of the premier
runners in the National Football League and the Miami Dolphin franchise from maximizing
their success this season.
Good.
Veteran actor rested in shooting death.
Oh no, and we don't have any celebrity deaths today but we have this story.
It's deadly.
A veteran character actor who appeared in such films as Death of a Gunfighter and Gunfight
and Abilene was arrested for investigation murder over the weekend.
After witnesses told police he walked into the neighborhood bar.
This is in Simee Valley, California and shot two patrons telling one of them.
Robert Sirrell's for a 74 was arrested about three blocks from the bar shortly after Saturday
shooting.
He was booked for investigation of murder and attempted murder and held it to even
sure how to jail.
They declined to say what the 30s knew of a motive but said Sirrell's visited the bar before.
Maybe he was a little sore at these guys for whatever reason.
The bartender told the daily news of LA that Sirrell has been at the bar until a close
Friday night.
Return Saturday morning looking for his credit card and then return to get in the afternoon
open fire.
Maybe somebody stole his credit card.
That would be good enough reason.
Probably get him off the hooker.
With thinking the Florida you can shoot somebody over a parking spot.
So somebody grabs your credit card.
Police said he shot R3D Long 45 in the back and Edward Sanchez 40 in the face and back.
Long was killed Sanchez 40 was hospitalized in serious condition.
Sirrell's acted in a number of films TV shows and occurred dating back to the 50s.
He appeared off and on such popular TV Westerns as Gunsmall.
Wahai.
And Bonanza as well as on the Waltons come food and the fall guys.
His more recent film credits include nowhere to run.
Flex and bound for glory.
We like that.
Let's see look at it.
Look at the main reason out there so far is our pool.
He just wants to smoke weed 26.
We just put that on there and already on the first 52 votes they got half.
He just wants to smoke a little wacky weed.
What's wrong with that?
You should refresh.
Why?
Because it's like jumping in.
Eight million?
Yeah.
Going crazy?
Yeah.
Well we finally got the real answer there.
This is it.
He just wants to smoke some weed.
He's off to Australia with his average and he's 10.
Shaq 9.
Shaq.
He's peeled about Shaq and all your all your affections and attentions.
Because the coaches of Bozo 8 and he's trying to get him slept on the ass by big sweaty
men.
None so far.
The big.
Oh, of course.
It's rock solid.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and for Ryan Zawarla's line.
Oh, this is skill.
He wants to open a gay karaoke club in Tokyo.
What do you think?
Let's get that on there right away.
What do we call that?
Gary Oakey?
A scary Oakey.
Let's say Derek and for Lauderdale says at 425 this afternoon, Jim Stark will be addressing
the Democratic National Convention.
It should be on C-SPAN 1.
Well, I don't get C-SPAN 1, 2 or 3 here, but you might want to get him to take a peek
at my good friend.
I don't want to.
Huh?
I don't want it.
You don't want one.
C-SPAN.
Why not?
I don't know.
Who's that stork guy?
He's running for Congress against that right-wing lunatic.
Oh, like I said, I'm getting ready.
It's like a rower county.
Clay Shaw.
Jim Stewart.
Good man.
Trust me.
Kill them, Shaq.
Trust me.
People next, I'll protest Bush's recent restrictions.
This is in great news.
Oh, I better wait on this because I got two fiddle stories back to back side by each.
Also the Goopball out there, the chronic fact that it was bugging us, especially you last
week, with a six-page story about how many times...
About 30, man.
Air Marshall say passenger overreacted.
I'll talk about that for a second or two, about that wacky bitch who made a big something
out of it.
There are much assuring musicians okay and they had to go to the tea room once in a while.
What's a big deal with that?
And she's like, hi for ventilating and getting everybody hysterical.
Let me say it again about what you read on the internet, unless it's on theorogies.com
when it's always the M.S.
But whatever else you read on there, I think about 90% of it in throw it in the Schmidt
can is what I would do.
That's my best advice.
Especially if it's on the Fudge report.
And I'll say it also again.
You didn't waste any time getting that picture of Carrie in the space suit on the website
yesterday to try it.
Oh yes, another Michael Dupacus picture to focus in the tank.
Remember that in the out of picture?
Yeah.
The difference of course being that Carrie is a war hero and he can dress up anyway he
wants even like Herman Muster which you don't have to do too much makeup on that.
See they were asking, they had to give hard on last night along with everybody else.
And how come Carrie didn't pick him to be?
Can you imagine a more wooden tandem than John Carrie and Dick Gabbard?
I mean between the two of them you have to have like a check for a pulse because Paris
was on Edwards on there.
Here's a guy that's young and hung and full of fun and just got some Vim and Viet's
right.
Somebody who's alive.
They're kind of like offset the low key aspect of Carrie.
19 to 11 at 5.60 WQM when you shop for quality footwear don't take your feet in a place
beside Brandy's and Pompato Beach.
When you go there the first time you'll understand why they've been around for so long
while Zidians of other choose doors have come and gone down the pike.
At Brandy's shoes you'll find the biggest selection of men and women's shoes anywhere.
They give you the best service and of course the best prices in town all the time and
special sales every week to save even more cash.
At Brandy's they got the top names and the shoe business to all the ones you know and
love like rock ports, floor shine, SAS, Spirit, Timberland naturalizer that I mentioned
new balance and lots more.
And with Brandy's gigantic selection chances are you'll almost never hear sorry we don't
have that in your size.
They got it whatever you want it's in your size ready to slap on your feet.
Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 Sunday's 10 to 5 and you'll
find them at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompato Beach.
Don't forget all this week at Brandy's they're continuing that red tag sales event.
Take 50% off on selected pair of men's and women's famous brand shoes so come into Brandy's
for sure this week or visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes dot com.
Hi this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
No another page from the audio book version of Bill Clinton's autobiography My Life.
Last night was quite possibly the worst night of my life.
After they filled with meetings and phone calls with world leaders I retired to the residents
to seek solace.
I flipped on the tube to catch some of my favorite show American Gladiators.
Man that blaze gets my blood pumping.
Anyway just as blaze was swinging across the monkey ropes the bedroom door flung open.
It was as if the doors of hell themselves had opened standing there before me the most
gruesome side I had ever be held at be hold at the editor note check me on that.
If I had a melon ball or handy I would have removed my own papers there was Hillary naked
as a super bowl striker without the advertisement on her chest.
She wanted the commander and beef.
That's a pet name from a vengue.
It had been over a decade since we had done the filthy hump and bump.
She came at me lips first as glaze.
She had obviously been drinking heavily.
I began to think of interns naked and searched for my secret stash of Viagra.
There was no escape.
Page.
She jumped on the bed and it was as if my world came crashing down.
When in reality it was the bed.
She broke it.
The 100 year old bed that belonged to Teddy Roosevelt gone in one thundering leap of love.
But the sound of crumbling oak did not slow her pursuit.
It was as if I was being attacked by a saw-swatch Hillary had long ago forgotten any personal
grueling.
Page.
Two and a half minutes later mercifully it was over.
As I watched her droopy bottoms sway towards the bathroom.
I vomited.
I had to.
On new eye was an amazing lover.
But I had forgotten just how horrible it was to make love with someone you are married
to.
I like the strange.
Wow.
Tune in again next time for another page from the audiobook version of Bill Clinton's
auto biography My Life.
1048 at 560.
They were great last night at the Democratic Convention in Boston.
They had no mistake about it.
Hillary was good and bubble was sensational.
And George missed it because he was busy getting drunk as I was.
Anyway, why do you think Ricky Williams is really retiring?
What's the answer?
124 votes.
He just wants to smoke weed 70.
Wow.
See that whole thing about the professional sports and a little bit of weed.
That's a bunch of crap.
I don't care what anybody says.
It's not a debatable point.
Is it?
No, it's stupid.
It's just idiotic.
What does that have to do with their performance?
Anything?
No.
In fact, I think if they want to smoke a little in the dugout during a stressful game,
what's the problem with that?
It's not as the other team I'd encourage them to do so.
There you go.
Shack 15.
That's right.
How do you people out there that have been sucking up the you've made Ricky feel bad?
OK, you deflated as he go.
Because the coach is a Boso 15.
He's off to Australia with his average and a friend 14.
He wants to open a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo.
Seven.
And he's tired of getting slapped on the.
Oh, right.
On the.
There you go.
See, I'm doing it blind.
He's getting slapped on the ass by big sweaty men three.
Now, here's a couple of facts.
Is Jim says perhaps Ricky is retiring to spend some time updating his website.
Ricky Williams dot com is very embarrassingly out of date.
It does say that he is about 27 though.
So he will be back.
It also quotes Ricky and saying, I just first want to say, I'll have the honor I am to be
here today.
It's like a dream come true to come to this kind of situation where I have a chance
to join already good team makes to try to make them better.
OK, well, get that straight down as soon as you like, you know, come out of your stupid
Ricky.
Get that all updated and say goodbye.
Here's one that says.
Now we don't have to hear Mo call Ricky the dreadlock demon.
I don't think you would have heard that anyway since he got his haircut, right?
Right.
Who?
Mo or Ricky both.
Also, now we won't have to listen to a.
Dan La Bastille host at pathetic show with Ricky.
Why is Dan La Bastille over ESPN?
He sucks.
I think maybe you just answered your own question.
And why can't Shaq be that often do running back?
There you go.
They're going to pay him that kind of money.
Sure.
Running back quarter back center guard right left end tight end.
Right.
It says also the big on suicide watch and is Mo is a major while we know.
Thank you.
Let's see.
Here's the fact that says a lot of facts is already today.
They're all whipped up to a frenzy.
I really don't know why.
Here's one says I know the people have talked about the timing of Fahrenheit 9.11.
The releases either being too close to election time or in some cases, Democrats have said
it was released too early that it will have faded from voters' memory by November.
I think it's going to work out perfectly says Mike.
With a general lag time, in fact, Mike had his last name on here and talked better
of it and whited it out, didn't he?
I don't use last names.
Anyway, I think it's going to work out fine.
Since with the general lag time, it takes a movie to hit the rental slash sale shelves,
it seems it'll be available right around October.
You know what, Mike?
Absolutely correct.
Some of the Shaq value will have worn off.
It'll be much more accessible to people.
Some of them can't afford to go to the movies or just don't go.
Yadi Adeludes vote is very important.
I say, Stas, strap any Republican you know in front of the DVD like in a clockwork
orange.
That's where I toothpicks in the eyelids to keep them open.
I say a better idea to strap men and leave in there.
So November to November turd or just strap men and leave in there permanently would be
a good idea that we can be safe.
Hundreds of Cuban exiles protested Saturday against restrictions on sending money or
taking trips to Cuba, which were approved by the government of President Bush in a renewed
effort to bring down the regime of Fidel Castro.
With vanners reading no to the measures against Cuba and out with Bush, hundreds of Cubans
marched and protest against the restrictions of the offices of Florida's Cuban-born U.S.
Representative Lincoln Diaz-Balar, who favors them, of course, because he's a right-wing
suckle.
That's why.
Saturday's march was the first in a series to be staged by the Cuban American Commission
for Family Rights from now until the presidential elections in November.
A series of them, according to Sylvia Wilhelm executive director of the organization, what
kind of a Cuban name is that?
Sylvia Wilhelm.
Yeah.
Didn't you hear that?
I think I needed a white Wilhelm, I wonder.
But remember that auto, what's his name?
Auto, right.
Oh yeah, that's right.
The third.
We could look at the analysts say the new measures could affect support for Bush and Florida
state in 2000, headed into White House allegedly by just 537 votes over Al Gorea, Diadi,
not all agreed with the protesters.
The anti-castor organization, Behilla Mambisa.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Hell they counter protest Saturday in a Cuban restaurant in the little advantage district
to support Bush and his measures.
How many people do you think showed up for that?
About 30 men.
Whatever.
And speaking of Fidel, Cuban leader Fidel Castro has questioned U.S. President George W. Bush's
mental fitness and rejected his lies and slanders recent charges by America that Cuba
encourages sex tourism.
Address humanation on the anniversary of his initial guerrilla uprising 51 years ago.
You know who probably was in the guerrilla uprising?
They'll say it.
Oh, geez.
Castro portrayed Bush as a dangerous religious fundamentalist bit on destroying Cuban
socialism and accused Bush of exhibiting strange behavior and velocosity.
I hate to say it, Fidel, but you are absolutely correct.
Wow, it's a pretty sad day in America when we have to start to be agreeing with a bearded
devil.
Yeah, that's an easy observation.
Let's hope in Cuba's case, God does not instruct Mr. Bush to attack our country, Castro,
said yesterday.
He'd better check on a divine belligerent order by consulting the Pope.
In a speech in Tampa, July 16th, Bush had accused Castro of welcoming sex tourism as he
courted Cuban American voters in Florida, a pivotal state of member selection, Havana
strong-reduced, tolerating sex tourism.
Castro said the accusation was aimed at justifying steps by the Bush administration.
Last month, the restrict visas and cash remittances from Cubans in the U.S.
Mr. Bush's lies and sliders, nose of his closest advisors, were fabricated and are
hurried to justify the savage measures taken against Cuban-born people living in the
U.S.
who have close family ties in Cuba, Castro said.
He quoted extensively from a recent book, Bush on the couch, inside the mind of the President
by Dr. Justin Frank, a Washington, psychoanalyst and Democrat.
The book labels Bush as a dry drunk, whose abstinence in strict Christian beliefs make him
a rigid leader with paranoid tendencies in a simplistic worldview.
And again, he is absolutely correct.
Castro also quoted from other recent books, critical of Bush, including Michael Moore's
stupid white men and against all enemies by former counterterrorism official Richard Clark.
The references helped to explain the strange behavior and bellicosity of the U.S. President,
Castro said.
Castro will be 78 in August 13th.
Here's the bad news.
Looked cheerful in his trademark olive green military fatigues as he handed out awards
for revolutionary excellence before his speech at the University of Theeter in Santa Clara,
176 miles east of Havana.
So there you go.
He's pissed off and fired up about the Bush-Myscher, and in this particular case, absolutely
good choice.
Line 9, WQAM, hello.
QAM?
Sounds dead to me.
Sure does.
WQAM, hello.
Be of God.
WQAM is lying.
Hear me?
Yeah, I hear you.
I got a paper for it.
First, right there, WQAM.
Yes sir.
I got a southern boulevard eastbound about a half a mile west of 95, about 20 about
their radar guns.
Next round.
WQAM is going to play for its offense this year, but then he got high.
And then he got high.
I told you that we're going to be great.
Oh, yes.
I knew it.
I had a feeling.
Kind of like that feeling just before we hit the bull and puke we got to.
Don't forget, look for the QAM van and just a couple of minutes, 11 o'clock this morning
in the Shell gas station quarter, 27th Avenue, S1 and Coke at a grove.
Stop by to pick up a pair.
So I guess get there soon.
Because it doesn't say you got to spin the wheel or do anything stand on your head
or like jiggle your pants or anything.
I think I do just stuff.
I am.
If you get there before they're all gone, get you a pair of tickets to the Marlins
Filling Game tomorrow at P.P. Parts.
The last day in the world.
The nearest post video, 5-6-7, QAM.
For you, drugs back in.
Good morning Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Peppy and Carlos have been lost in the desert for weeks.
And we're at Death's door.
As they stumbled on hoping for salvation in the form of an oasis or something similar,
they suddenly spied through the heat of the haze, a tree in the distance.
As they got closer, they could see that the tree was draped with raster upon raster of bacon.
There was smoke-bacon.
Crispy bacon.
Life-giving juicy, nearly raw bacon of all sorts.
Oh, my!
Peppy!
Carlos said it's a bacon tree.
We're saved.
Your right, said Peppy.
So Peppy goes on ahead and runs up to the tree, salivating at the prospect of food.
But as he gets to within five feet of the tree, there's the sound of machine gunfire.
And he is shut down in a hell of bullets.
Carlos quickly drops down on the sand and calls across to his dying friend, Peppy.
Peppy, what on earth happened?
With his dying breath, Peppy calls out run.
It's not a bacon tree.
It's a hand-bush.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
1102 at 560 WDQM.
It was at his moment.
Yeah.
196 votes on the pole.
Ricky had his moment and now he's gone.
He just wants to smoke a little gange one.
That's all he wants.
111 votes.
Why do you think he's really quitting?
He just wants to smoke weed.
The wacky weed.
Because the coaches of Bullseys 027.
Because you people are all obsessed with it.
He's pissed off and fired up about that.
I wouldn't blame him.
He wants to open a gate karaoke bar and Tokyo 18.
He's off to us straight away with his average and he's friend of 15.
And he's trying to get him slapped on the ass by big sweaty men.
Poor Ricky.
Won't see him no more.
Anyway, Michael Moore invites Bush to hometown screening of Fair Night 9.11.
I like this.
Filmmaker, Michael Moore is bringing his blockbuster documentary to President Bush's hometown,
adopted hometown of Crawford, Texas, and wants the film star to attend.
More promised, the Crawford Peace House, a copy of his film Fair Night 9.
And the other one appeared that no movie theater in the President's home county would show
the anti-bush documentary.
The Hollywood Jewel in Waco picked up the movie last week, but Moore later offered to come
to Crawford to introduce his movie and discuss it afterward, organized as expected about
a thousand people that would tend to show 9 o'clock from our night.
Paul McDaniel is supposed to be in for Waco.
I wonder if he's getting a Gene McDaniel.
Hope.
Do you want to remember 100 pounds of clay?
Oh yeah.
And Tower of Strength Gene McDaniel.
Here's good.
Paul McDaniel is supposed to be for Waco.
Friends of Peace, a partner in the Peace House said that Crawford Group's telephone would jam
with calls from journalists, including representatives of the White House Press Corps, now covering
the President's vacation at his ranch.
They're bored having to be here in the middle of Texas and July with nothing new in McDaniel
for the Waco Tribune Hero in today's edition.
They're saying, let's go over and see the movie.
Moore on his website invited Bush to attend saying he wanted a chance to thank him personally
for starring in the film.
And let's face it, you've got some of the funniest lines in the film he wrote.
A White House representative, surprisingly, did not return to call or leave day from the
A&P.
The Peace House received a permit Monday from the City of Crawford to show the movie at a football
stadium parking lot near Tonka Wafal's Park.
Maybe we all get together and go to Crawford, what do you say?
Rick, Rick somebody says, Ricky is getting tired of slapped on the edge and be on a pole
over what he'll miss the most.
Here's one for the poor.
Ricky Williams wants to marry Joey Reynolds in a homosexual marriage in Massachusetts.
Oh, geez.
I don't understand this.
And in closing, you too with that Curtis Sleever crap, other vigilantes we don't need.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I was hoping you could explain it today.
It's on our website.
He's going to hiding.
I don't...
This doesn't make any sense to it, but all I can say is...
I have no right.
I'm going to get a life.
56670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQA, hello.
Not there.
QA, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This, uh, Rick and William thing.
Is it going to be like a Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy all through the football season?
Absolutely.
Yes.
Oh my god, Neil.
Neil, what's more exciting?
I mean, last time we had so much excitement here that we're taking the piano away.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
We're taking Leon away.
I think Elian is what he said.
Oh, Elian.
Well, it's one of your people, so I guess you could probably communicate better.
I thought he said Leon.
I think Leon was in, uh, a dog day afternoon.
I just saw that again over the weekend, having a Leon, and I couldn't turn it off.
I watched it again.
Wouldn't that his name Leon?
That was one of their days.
No, that was, uh, his, uh, wife's name Leon.
Yeah.
The wife, the one, the 16-job, where he's supposed to be the big fat obnoxious wife who obviously
made it neurotic.
Why is it that women make men so neurotic?
I've lost 10 and a half pounds by the way.
Since my diet, it's true.
At the risk of sounding insensitive, and she wouldn't hear any way she's dead, huh?
I've lost 10 and a half pounds.
I've lost the sugar craving.
All these years, I've been searching for the answer, what is it in my brain that causes me?
And it's all this business about trip to fan and the, uh, that's all a bunch of bull crap,
okay?
We had neuroses that we don't even realize until they are finally removed, and then all of
us and we say, holy crap, this is great!
It's, it's, it's gone.
I don't have any desire for sugar, ice cream, candy, uh, cake, any other stuff.
None.
Zero, zip it, doodah.
I've lost 10 and a half pounds in three weeks.
How about some breadies?
No thanks.
No more brownie hound in this family.
So I just mentioned that in passing about women who are just, because his wife, if you remember,
he didn't have a, a big part of the movie.
Right.
The, uh, obnoxious New York stereotype typical, uh, grito, uh, bitch, I mean, just disgusting.
What is it also about in New York that makes so many people like that?
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I do, but I don't know what it is.
Is it because there, there just are so many people in such a relatively small area, and they're just
have to be in order to survive, rude and pushy and loud.
What, what is that?
I mean, there are a lot of New Yorkers who are very fine people.
I mean, of course, there are the ones who listen to the show, but other than that, but what is it about that whole thing?
Delano.
In addition, all, and in the movie, I used to think that he was out there waving, he did kind of like a couple of times.
But, uh, the Hanky, when he was an addict, uh, addict, uh, that was pretty good.
And then, of course, once Leon showed up, the crowd kind of turned on him, remember that he was frisking the guys out in front of him to make sure they didn't have a piece, including the pizza delivery guy.
I'm dying on the hands.
Yeah.
That was good stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on me.
How was Spraydoh doing?
I mean, John Kazali still dead.
Yeah, he's always getting shot.
Yeah, poor, down in the uphill, Mary Spraydoh, I told you.
How many QA and hello?
How do you do it?
How do you do it?
I still talk about it last night, and his speech, and I thought it was very good.
I was going to give comments on it.
I already, I made my comments.
It was sensational.
He needs to be in there again in the least four more years.
Uh, yeah, you know, it's a shame.
I just like the way he articulated the fact that Spraydoh was a captain in a boat, and he, you know, made his stuff so through the river,
seeing Pang, whatever, and that's what this country needs, a leader of that nature.
So, uh, I know that the Poles aren't going to show much of a bounce, but, uh,
I think you're right.
Yeah, I know, but you know, you see how the Republicans are going to say that we're going to get a 50-20 point bounce,
but in actuality, probably a single point bounce, or 2 point bounce.
Five or six, five or six, mark my words, man.
Oh, right.
I'll bet you're on it.
Okay, bet your life on it.
I have no life.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, yeah.
That's how it a little bit like Woody, to me, count on five, 60 on a eight.
Didn't it?
Yeah, it did.
Eighteen, ten, four, five, four, five, six, yeah.
Don't forget, join Jorge this Saturday, 2-4 at Riva Motorsports Segway,
located in the block north of San Peruda, and Dixie Highway.
We're just going to win a free Segway Human Transportation Device.
You'll probably be the only one in your hood to have one, in fact, maybe the whole county.
The QMQDs will be there, plus food provided by landing city sub-soul,
where we used to love Ira Law.
We still like him a lot.
Whatever he's doing.
Line nine, WQAM, hello.
Does Dan?
Yes, sir.
I think the real reason I agree to that is because he prefers a smaller sweaty man like Dan made it hard to, uh, the bigger side.
Now, I think that's the, was that the Robert Creeper guy or what?
Oh, I don't know.
Huh?
He hasn't called it a long time.
What do you mean, what do you mean, a long time, you mean since five, Thursday?
Right, that's a long time.
Yeah.
Robert Creeper and that caller and Ricky, I don't know what that is.
That's a gay club you've more on.
I see.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a eight, TNT, and Verizon, wireless line.
So, Ricky can't pass the drug tests, and that seems to be generally the assembly
minister, why he just, he just fed up, he's got millions of dollars now, right?
Yeah.
Plus with his notoriety, and like do all kinds of spots.
He can do basically whatever he wants.
So, what is he needed for, where's he needed the grief, and I'll say there's definitely got to be a little bit,
factor in there, too.
As opposed to max factor, there's the factor.
As opposed to the O'Reilly factor, factor.
Not to be confused with rich factor.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I'm from Neil.
Yes, sir.
If you have, I'd like to perform a few of the services, if I might.
I know you were talking about it earlier in the day, but if somebody looks on Section D in the Miami hell.
Yeah.
They lift all the marijuana blocking substances that you can take, including shampoo,
food, point mix, drinks, it's kind of funny they got a whole list where to get them.
Excellent.
Section D in the Herald Law, you pot heads out there.
They're going to have to do your drug test at some time soon.
Yeah, usually they don't buy it, but the sun reason it caught my eye today.
It must have been your psychic powers kicking in.
Can I ask you a goddess question?
Yes.
I love the goddess.
I follow her all the time.
Yeah.
You get bitten pieces of a divorce.
Now the other day she started something out there, she goes, Jim was gay.
Now who better ask her than you?
True, not true.
That was always my impression.
She actually said that on the year?
Where did it go?
I'm not making it up.
Hi.
It was kind of a side.
You know, like she doesn't tell you the whole story, but in the middle of the conversation, or we argue.
Yeah.
I guess it was debateable, kind of like you know, with Liberacea.
Was there a lot of debate about it?
And I heard it's shackled gay too.
Any truth about that?
Oh no.
Oh, it's either the whole world is gay.
Put it while you're head paling.
Have a great day.
Yeah, okay.
Hey.
You hear that?
Shack is.
That's the rumor now.
Ricky Williams, shack, Dan Marino, Jay Feeder.
That Feely touched you guys certainly, right?
What is it?
What's the guy's name, John?
Feely.
Oh, AJ Feely, right.
AJ Feely.
I wonder if he's kind of Cam Nile.
Oh, there's another one.
Anyway.
12 minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WDQ way.
I'm here when you go out to either.
You're sick and tired of trying to figure out which menu items are low carbs.
You can stay on your weight loss program.
What if I told you there's an affordable fast food, low carb restaurant that actually cares about your nutrition.
Offer you an entire menu that's low carb.
Cutting carbs can't phase the name of the place.
It's a fast food low carb restaurant that keeps all the low carb diners out there.
Stop it and try their Pounds of A Pizza that's low in carbs, but high on taste.
They're way out wraps.
They're carbohydrates, so be salads.
And all kinds of fantastic soups and healthy way treats, including even factory, soft serve ice cream that's low in carbs.
Cutting carbs can't phase it's located just outside the Sogress Mills Mall on Summary's Boulevard.
You can call it in 9.5.4.
5.14.001.
Or check them on the web at cutincarbscafe.com
and see their entire delicious low carb menu featuring wraps and pizzas in case of these and salads and soups and snacks.
And like I said, even low carb ice cream.
Cutting carbs can't phase where you can dine out or take out or dine out and take in.
Just outside the Sogress Mills Mall on Summary's Boulevard, stop by or call them today at 9.5.4.
5.14.001.
5.14.001.
2.14.001.
5.14.001.
5.14.001.
5.14.001.
5.14.001.
5.14.001.
5.14.001.
5.14.001.
Rock solid.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
That means the proposed constitutional amendment will go before the voters in November,
we can only cross our fingers and legs.
The state Supreme Court has already ruled that the measure is fairly explained
in its ballot title and summary deals with only one subject.
The measure has 512,000 signatures According to the Division of Elections webpage,
the threshold was 488,000 to mod.
The Slot Amendment is the second citizen initiative to satisfy the requirement to go before voters.
Earlier this week a proposed constitutional amendment to limit lawyers fees and mouth
medical malpractice was the first of these signature requirements and of course your vote on
it has got to be no chance, no way. Or an element lawyer's fees in medical malpractice.
Like I said, the answer that has to be yes, right? Yes. If a proof stay wide, the slots
measure would look governing boards in Broward and Dade counties only. See, this is the thing
because you have to change the state constitution. We're always on our hands on bended knees
the saying goes, having to suck up to the rest of the state, oh please, pretty please
allow us to do whatever the hell we want here. All you Yahoo's out there. Would let Broward
and Dade County ask voters in those counties if they want to wear a lot of slot machines
and raise traction, how life front time would also your marketing tax revenue earned by the state
to education. Florida voters as we all know Stan Worthheimer rejected gambling measures three
times in the last quarter century because you got a bunch of Bible thumpers, you got a bunch of
right wing lunatics like Jeb Bush, like I said Bible thumpers. Boy, what are crookies? You
know what? What are fat ass crookies? Brother, oh, but track owners say that to keep horse and
dog racing alive, they need to expand their options to be able to compete with gambling
at Indian casinos and non-crushhips. And of course, they're right about that. They argue
the proposed constitutional amendment is really a question of local control and they're right.
That's all it is. Measurebackers also argue that they can help boost education spending
at a time when the state is led by officials who are adamantly opposed to most tax increases.
Gambling opponents argue would create more problems than it solves. Greyhound doggo
ever is also opposed to measure because they say that Greyhound Racing Industry is cruel.
Friday opponents to the slots measure sued in state court in Tallahassee, challenging the
guidelines given by state local elections officials for petition drives, supporters of Florida's
high speed train project earlier filed a similar lawsuit arguing that a campaign to repeal the
project wasn't following state law and gathering the signatures. The fundamental argument in both
cases that state law requires that petition gatherers include their name and the rest of
their reposition, but that's not how the state of the division of elections interpreted the law.
Hasn't required campaigns to take that step. You ought to get out of here. So there you go. It's
going to be on the ballot bar in India. The fugalese at the last second. And the answer has got
to be yes. We need to get a humongous, what? The only thing is it's the presidential election here.
So there's a big turnout. So we got a chance. We got a shot.
Now Rick Fats is again who says what the Curtis-Sleeve crack meant was that I can't believe I
would see anything about that freaking note case on your Near Rogers website. I'm disappointed.
But you know something. Our website is to put the news out there to people and I'm sure that
since we have so many people from New York who are in our audience and look at our website,
they might kind of be interested where that nut is being threatened in the hide and out.
He's a new story about character. Huh? He's a nationaly-known character. Yeah, we didn't say
anything good about him, which I sure is how it wouldn't do. Anyway, forget about it. Rick, get a
life. Would you please? I have no life. Michael says, for a lot of faxes, a lot of emotion about.
First it was that business last week and now this week it's the Ricky Ricky Ricky, Ricky
business God. Thank God that during an otherwise terminal ponderous boring, swerve-free summer in
South Florida that the locals who got some crap to get all whipped up to a frenzy about.
And I think that other guy was right. Let's bring back alien. Huh? All right. Yeah, for one more
happy meal, please. What do they say? Here's Michael's faxes and this is about 75. It goes on forever.
He says, I don't know why Ricky Williams left. Oh, and another choice to pull Josh. Yeah, I don't
give a crap. Okay. Because the question is why do you think Ricky Williams retires? I don't give a
crap. He's going to give a lot of folks me. He's just toward the top right under the gun.
Michael says, I don't know why Ricky Williams left. I don't care why Ricky Williams left. I'm just
glad he left because anything that pisses off the sport holes and drives them once they're
closer to the suicide is a okay by me. I'm a big sports fan. I love sports. I like it with my
team wins. I don't like it with my team loses. But if my team loses, I know the sun's coming up
tomorrow. I'm not going to call in sick to work. I'm not going to shoot going to shoo all the
sitchiva all day. I'm not going to walk up and down the street wearing a black arm band in
morning, not alone. So by the way, I hate to sport holes as a result. I wish nothing but
flaming piles for the local teams. Fiming piles. So if a Miami team ever wins another game,
it'll be too soon. See, this this Michael can relate to me why I have such a tough time of
going like a no seriously because of the fans turn you off on the teams and south Florida. The
fans are ridiculous. He says Ricky left. Great. I hope Jack retires next week to take over
the morning show on QAIM. He's funny and has a personality. I'm like Moan Gildey. Because if Ricky
leaving didn't drive legions of Dolphins, the plumage of their death off the Julian Zedal Causeway,
then Shaq leaving will hopefully. He says, after Dolphins, after religious maniac Espad Dave Wandspat,
Epising and especially after fans who are so clueless that they honestly believe Marino
abandoned the Dolphins when he retired after 18 years of non-appreciation and one year of
hell booing and betrayal. I hope Ricky comes back to play for the wingland and runs for 700 yards
in a gaming instant. That's what I want. I'm moving. Have a great day. Got a got a got a PS Ricky left
because Dave Wandspat is a muddy cone. Excellent. Thanks Michael. One of the best. So far this hour.
Excellent. 26 after 11 at 5, 60 W at a QM if you're on the Antkins,
for everybody and their brothers still talking low carb stuff. You know what? It's everywhere.
If you're on the Antkins, the South beats the Sugar Busters running low carb sugar free diet
then head forward to the lights of West Boka. For years, the lights has helped thousands of low
carb divers achieve their weight loss goals and now the lights of West Boka are celebrating their
14th anniversary with special discounts up to 50% off on low carb products like carbolite, pure
delight, carb sense and lots more. And as the anniversary is super special, you can save half off all
Atkins, brands, foods and supplements. Half off. Don't forget their great selection of low carb
bakery items like cheesecakes, breads, rolls, brownies and their products and their products before
you buy. Oh, what a piece of coffee you got here. Troy, who is this Troy? I don't know. I think
what he's trying to say is and you can try their products before you buy them is what he's trying
to say. But of course, he didn't say that because they don't prove for the coffee that he's just
handed a piece of crap and that's it. The staff at the lights knows the low carb dieting inside
and out there open every day till 10 and don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all
Atkins, carbolite and pure delight products too. The lights of West Boka will not be on the
sole there located on the northeast corner of Glazing441 right next to Boston Market or column
toll free at 1-877 Low Carb and tell them that Troy is a butt plug. We're on our way with
the low carb dot com with the W. Don't forget the lights of West Boka's official Atkins retail center.
Dick J. Lee is real pissed. His daughter don't like guys. Wish he says no one knows her party's
O's
part
First has will be your men's men's come out from the blood that deep wishes to get a song
And not a lesbian will choose one
He's gonna see not that she's got little to wear
And some beautiful she have, I'm dead and young
Deep wishes he had a song
And not a woman who is a lesbian
My pretty too at the 560 WQA in the America where the crooks run the country and the public is lambs it up man
They love it, they like it a lot
At least have the country does anyway, that's scary
A little bit very disturbing to me that about 50%
50% that the half of the people continue supporting this illiterate bunch of thugs and criminals and goofballs and crooks
Who are only interested in feathering their own nest
And those people that they represent the Halle Burton and all of these people
But nevertheless, what's the got to do with Shack?
I don't know what else to have to do with Ricky
Air marshals say passenger overreacted for the guy that was persevering so much last week and wanted to press me into like going into a mix on and dance by facts and that same six pages
8 million times release
Undercover federal air marshals on board that June 29th, Northwest Airlines flagged from Detroit to LAX identified themselves
After a passenger overreacted to a group of Middle Eastern men on board, federal officials and sources told KFI news
The passenger later identified as Annie Jacobson was in danger of panicking other passengers and creating a larger problem on a plane according to a source close to the secretive federal protective service
Jacobson, a self-described freelance writer for the Women's Wall Street Journal, published two stories about her experience at her website, a business advice website designed for women
The lady was overreacting said the source of flight attendant was told to tell the passenger to calm down that there were air marshals on the plane
The Middle Eastern member identified by federal agencies a group of touring musicians traveling to a concert data that casino said air marshals spokesman Dave Adams
Jacobson wrote she became alarmed when the men made frequent trips to the laboratory repeatedly opened and closed the overhead luggage compartments and appeared to be signaling each other
Initially, he was brought to the air marshals attention by a passenger Adam said adding the agents have been watching the men in truth as they undercover
Jacobson and her husband had a number of conversations with the flight attendants and gestured toward the men several times the source said
In concert with a flight crew, the decision was made to keep the men under surveillance since no terrorist or criminal acts were being perpetrated aboard the aircraft
They did not interfere with the flight crew Adam said
The air marshals did check the bathrooms after the Middle Eastern men spent time in said and said it smelled like curry
FBI, you know, I don't want to sound like a big idiot
I don't want to be a sportsman either, but I'm not going to be a comedian to release you
Oh, no!
Oh boy, I look dangerous
Anyway, what is that about the Middle Eastern people?
And I will say this, I confess I was wrong people out there were right about that whole European thing
I apologize! I don't say I'm no love Europe because I do affect I'm going back again very soon but what thing is that?
The bathing thing?
There are a lot of people there that just they're afraid of dropping the soap so they just never touch it
They never get in
And somebody ought to tell them that they have these amazing new bath gels
I don't use soap anymore, soap is passé soap went out with high button shoes with knickers
It's gone
Although I'll tell you some of those plastic containers can be mighty slippery, you know?
It's another good excuse to keep dropping it
But somebody ought to introduce some of these people to a bar of soap
I remember many times asking about body odor and people laughing
I used to think it was like an ethnic thing or based on the kind of food that people ate
I mean that curry thing, oh gee and all of that other what?
Oh, you don't want to know
Anyway, Jacob said the air marshals met the bathroom and said it's stunk like the kid curry
FBI agents met the plane with a landed in LA and the men were questioned
LA field office spokesman Kathy Veray said it was significantly alarm on the flight came from a passenger
We have to take all calls seriously but the passenger was worried not to flight crew or their federal air marshals
She said the complaint did not stem from the flight crew
Several people were questioned nobody was detained
Jacobson's husband Kevin said the approach demanded thought was an air marshall after the flight had landed
You made me nervous Kevin said the air marshall told him I was freaking out Kevin replied
We don't freak out in situations like this the air marshall responded
Federal agents later verified the musician's story
We followed up with the casino a supervisor verified they were playing a concert
A second federal law enforcement source said the concert itself was monitored by an agent
We also went to the hotel determined they had checked into the hotel each of the men were checked through a series of databases and watch list with negative results
The source said the air marshals on the flight were partially concerned Jacobson's actions could have been an effort by terrorist or attackers to create a disturbance on the plane to force the agents to identify themselves
Air marshals only tackled a van zone a flight as their anonymity the source said in Jacobson could have put the entire flight in danger
In other words, she's a wacko, okay?
She needs some serious help
I have no life
And you people are feeling just like Rick would have sought an answer about the story about Curtis Leibhane on the website
If you don't want to read it, don't read it, okay?
I think it's a fairly significant piece of news
And yeah Curtis Leibhane was a slim bag
Alright?
Yeah
God, that's what happens
He went in a hiding because of threats on his life he's gone somewhere
Who knows, underground
And hopefully he'll stay there
The plane has to come right up
5670560, pound 562 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
How come you really think Ricky Williams retired?
This is the hot topic baby, almost as big as...
Which one do you think was bigger?
Bigger
Bigger what?
Because they're different, see what's the problem
I'm talking about in terms of the impact on South Florida dog, the Ricky thing
Yeah
Because they're all from South and South
They heed all of a sudden everybody's a heed family
You know that's make believe
And like a lot of the dolphin stuff is too anything
But the dolphins by far and away are the number one sports entity in South Florida
They hear like small potatoes and the panthers are basically non-existent
And the Marlins, well, forget about them because they lost a few games
WDQA and hello
Yeah, how you doing?
I have the executive reason on the retirement
Yes sir, the only hole he wants to run through is...
Okay great
Oh, how come I cut him off so fast?
I don't know
I don't know
I just had a feeling I might have been something we don't want to put on the ear
5,6,7,0,5,6,D
I think that was the Robert Grieberg-grieberg I guess me
How many times he called last two weeks?
Yeah I have at least
Give poor Robert a break, okay?
Never store a freight train, he's kind of harmless
I think that's the best theory
I mean he's self-hating and he's obnoxious and his politics sucks
And he's like a professional little Jew, but other than that, in that bitch
Real nebish
But he's harmless unlike someone who's really dangerous people in the building
Absolutely
Right
20-till-new and at 5,6,DWQM, the world famous man
Oh, I bet Amanda's he's gonna have lots to say today
He's probably gonna have a 30-share today
About third man
During his show, he's gonna have lots and lots to say the co-voices of your dolphins
Who's a real dolphin, of course, unlike somebody else who's still rooting for the Jets I believe
And if your carpets are in bad shape and you have something even if you don't think they're in bad shape
They probably still are, if I haven't cleaned it a long time
Because the real germs and stuff are down there inside the carpets
And the fibers of the carpet that you can't see, thank goodness, with an naked eye
But dry concepts with their dry cleaning method which is exclusive and pended
They're the only ones in the world who do it
Suck out even the deepest dunder which leaves your carpets looking and feeling and smelling just like brand new
That's right, they smell a mini fresh when they get done
They're drying a couple of hours
And you'll look at your floor and even you'll be amazed
To think that it looks like he had brand new carpeting laid on the floor
Nobody in the world does it better which is why I've used them in my homes for over 20 years
They've been around in town for over 25 years and the reason they've lasted so long is because they're the best in the business
You really can't clean today and they're in a shame that I when you call dry concepts
Not only you're carpeting but they also do a stupendous job on your furniture, on your drapery, on your every and every rental rug as well
And don't forget when you call dry concepts they give you a written guaranteed price to our front people
And for they start the job and right now can save you even more money
Ask them to put you understand by a list which will save you an extra 15% off their already unbeatable deal
Call them tool free, you'll never dreamy using anybody else again
Call 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcept.com
That's dry concepts making carpets clean in town since 1979
My life and law is this is for free of life to be clean
And we can win
Get baby!
Deliverative justice
Maratha you were found guilty on all counts
What have you got to say?
I would like to say out loud that I am guilty and I think I will be going to prison
So who do you think you're going to meet there?
Lovely people
Right, you know in prison you're going to get passed around like a Playboy magazine at Cubscaught camp
That's going to be scary
Who wouldn't be scared of course I'm scared
Oh I can say I get my clicks really from my salad
And I want to focus on my salad
Yeah
Well we're going to make salad
Enough about the salad
So how are you mentally preparing yourself?
I spent the morning decorating my house to look just like Christmas and it was a new look
Let me put it in the dressing room
11.45 at 5.60 WQ
Don't let me forget to play FML by a mighty python
I got to play that every time
He's an open bitch
I'm going to get Rick really upset
WABC Morning Host, Curtis Sleeve, goes into hiding
See if you're curious
Sleeve who wears that silly garland garland angel's camp all the time
And is a real right wing
Who co-hosts the wake up show at WABC New York
His temper early stepped aside from his on-air duties and traveled to an undisclosed location
For fear of his own safety
The move comes after an indictment on COD on Thursday
Charge-reputed organized crime figure John A. Jr. Gotti
With the attempted kidnapping and murder of Sleeve in 1992
According to the indictment the plan was put into place allegedly after a slew of maintenance about his father
The late John Gotti senior on the air
Sleeve explained that the New York Times that he very much feared for his safety
The New York Daily News reports that Sleeve was wife and infant son
Will be staying at a separate location for the duration
Sleeve was the father of the garden angels crime fighting group
And are we a right wing butt plug?
Is what he is?
He's a crap
I'm not just
He's a different kind of looking
Who's that other guy that I miss has on all the time?
That both both detailed
Oh man, where did they come up with these people?
New York
Let's see, oh look at this, Ricky Williams did to Wayne what he did to the Marlins in 1997
Screw Wayne says J.R. Good point J.R. That's right
Wayne screwed the town with a whole Marlin deal in 1997
And now Ricky Williams stuck it to Wayne
Nice going Ricky
I just gained so much respect for Ricky Williams with a lot of dreadlocks
Right?
Yeah
Anybody who sticks it to Wayne is a friend of ours
Even...
Oh, he ain't got nothing to do with that
He slipped in the Mickey
Here's a long fact from Tom and Ford Lauderdale, which is much too long to be done here
It's about a book called
What's the matter with Kansas by Thomas Frank about the right wing and about how they take it over to the country in the Republican party in the idea?
You know, one thing I loved about Clinton last night
And of course Jimmy Carter and his low-key peanut growing
P.M. Wall like his brother style
You know, he talked about...
He repushed and asked pretty good it was great
But the Clinton thing...
He talks about the right wing and how the right wing is taken over the country and what move this bushes move this way to the right
And about...
He tells it like it is, it was really good
And Tom at the end of his practice
President Clinton's comments last night they need to divide it in America
And the Democrats don't need to divide it in America
That was good, good stuff
Nice going, Bubba
And nice going Tom, thank you so much
5,6,7,0,5,60,0,5,60 on the 18
Now how those Marlin tickets going out there?
We hear?
There's no more
They're gone
They're gone
Well why don't you tell me that? They just went for me to ask
Yeah, I was just waiting
That's okay, I don't really care
Just another excuse for when Duff gets back from vacation
Mark it down George, there's another spanking that Josh shows to a Duff
So I guess we can tear that thing up
But the important thing is join George this Saturday to defort the Riva Motorsports Segway
I was told a really lean on his heavily for whatever we have not really sure why
We know why?
No, not really
Oh, I think there's plenty of money that's worth
Oh, okay, like I said the Riva Motorsports Segway located a block north of San
Florida on Dixie Highway
We're just going to free-set way human transportation device
And a Q&Q these will be there offering their services
And food will be provided by Atlantic City Sub's
Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring?
That's our poll question today, he just wants to smoke some weed, man
210 votes be saying that
He don't want to take any more of those stupid ass NFL drug tests
He don't want to have to pee in a bottle, as a matter of fact a Billy Carter will round he can probably pee for him
Wouldn't be surprised that Josh Beckett and Billy Carter probably get along pretty well too
Because Billy could like pee on demand anywhere anytime
I'm going to Billy Beer?
I don't know
Billy Beer still have it
Billy Beer for a souvenir
391 votes
Ricky wants to smoke weed 210 because the coach is a Bozo 49
We know that the fact that Wayne brought back this guy on a heels everybody thinking he was going to get his ass fired
brings back this guy and then J. Feedler is still on that team and you wonder even those of us who really aren't into it
Not all mighty
Let's carry the Patriots games this year, what do you say a little excitement
All right
He wants to open a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo 40 of you said that
We'll check that out
Shack, Shack is the reason
He's pissed off and fired up because Shack got all your love and attention in affection
It's alienation of affections is what I'm clicking 28 votes
He's on to us straight away with his average and a friend 24
I don't give a crap about Ricky 24 and he's trying to get the slap on the ass by sweaty men 15
Correct him
WQA and hello
Hey Neil how you doing?
Pretty good
Listen last night when Clinton was speaking on the phone when Clinton was speaking at the convention
He mentioned something about two nuclear bombs, are two nuclear something or another that
Yeah two new nukes that the Bush are people want to spend billions of dollars to it to develop right including that we might use first
Just like we attacked Iraq you know preemptive we might start nuking the world
Did you read this anywhere? I never heard about it
Yeah it was on our website
Oh I didn't go to the website
Well why not you better hear what it man?
Well here's another thing what about this classified information that was taken out of a lot of the last
Alamos New Mexico research center over there have you heard about this?
Yeah I mean you know what's going on?
What's new about that?
Well this isn't this national security stuff on the leaves and rice what's going on?
I think you're answering your own questions
Well yeah I guess that's the American way
Right
Well I see it
Okay good luck to you pal see you in Los Alamos see what's in nukes
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT some of these people you know you were just just calm down a little bit alright
We're not going to solve all the problems in the world right here between maybe by one but certainly not before news
We just toned down a couple of matches
WQAM hello
Neil how are you?
Great
Hey I didn't know what you heard about your front ira
Which hour is this?
Out at Lanark City
What about him?
He's not there anymore
Here we know that
That sucks
We were when this is all news and President Lincoln liked to play too well can you get lost?
Did I hear about our friend Ira he's not there anymore?
This is a phone call to a talk show
Here we are trying to confabulate the all the problems of the universe
And it's guys telling us something we already know
Didn't I talk about that when I promote this before?
Didn't we discuss that in a great length?
And about how Scott was a real piece of crap in a pain in the ass?
Yes we did
And last week too
Jesus man
All of these just like this other guy give me stuff that we had on a website weeks ago
Okay weeks
Oh guess what?
You hear Maria Melifin's check about you have a the you know what I love about that?
Water here
They make a story that well she made the check good like we're supposed to be
Hey let's hear it from Maria man
She made the check good actually she bounced the check to refile
Oh good girl he miss Molly
5607 0560
pound 560 on a AT&T information line
We're looking for your reasons the real reason why Ricky Williams is retiring
Much to the chagrin of the and at the end of the bastard that guy with a fact was right about him
He is one of the one of the worst pieces of garbage
Why he's on the air on this radio station Vizzo out of me
It's a remember the day that he was in there doodling around
And it got on the year when we were in the middle of our show yes
Dan La Bastard
Piece of turret perfect for the herald by the way fits it over there like a rubber glove
Line 9 WDQA and hello
Hi this is Ricky
Hi Ricky I see here from your Ricky
You're gonna hear cut sweetheart WDQA and hello
Hey Neil
We got I was one of these people I had lost my wallet my voters right my voters registration was in it
Yeah
And I was wondered you know how do I get it back well I did get it back and I'd like to pass on a phone number in case there's anybody out there that is going through that same situation
So right in
Okay it's 305 895 2323
Come on guys get your voters registration if you're not registered vote let's get rid of the regime
Hey Neil
Thank you
305 895 2323 in date county
Let's see here's what is this this is from the same guy again obviously great news about courtesy
When we could get a hit out on oh that's bad Sean Hannity Larry older Bill O'Reilly and Michael Savage
Talk way to become a lot more bearable what the elsewhere in Greg Reed to it says PSU's victory win
Same guy again right must be obsessed with Curtis Lee what probably wants to wear his beret
5 6 7 0 5 or maybe just put a feather in his cap WQA and hello
Ricky like Vicky's yummy
Okay now for some reason I don't know what kind of I don't know what kind of games he wears but I did I did not that
Yeah
That's too bad too
What well didn't you dump it to the right we all dumped it of course we did
Oh well there you go to that we he said Ricky like he was talking about the kind of jeans I'm sure that's what he was saying
See now you mentioned this to me before and this is exactly you know this car you are exactly even always very funny
Exactly what South Florida is all about is phony is a 72 dollar bill
He was a hero he was the man he could do no wrong he's a little unusual little freaky but nevertheless nobody cared
Because even when they were tackling him by his dreadlocks they didn't care because he was doing all of this stuff
We're all running for 80's and yards when ballgame the most exciting running back the dolphins had maybe ever when you come right down to it
Who do they ever have as a running back who is I'm not saying like you know Larry Zonka and Jim Kickenhoes guys
But they weren't exciting I mean Larry Zonka was just a big you know a big strong ox
Nobody could tackle but Ricky Williams I think he go without saying was the greatest the most the most exciting running back in dolphin history
Is that correct Josh yes there you go without the shadow he didn't take a half a second to answer that the answer is that's it
But now that he decided to turn tail and leave he's gonna retire which is a retire that's his prerogative
Maybe that old guy called opposite retire that could have been it and right away he's a mighty colon he's this he's a drug addict
He always smokes a little pod based thinking deal how many you spoke I guarantee you that George smokes a lot more pot in the day than Ricky Williams smokes in a year
And that's just during the show when he's doing it and I don't blame him when he came right down to it
So all you phony phony and that Mike that said that thanks before that was the best I should have framed that about the phony efforts and all this baloney
Even the Hebrew National probably phony and South Florida so it ought to be kidnapped okay maybe kid somebody else that just a new kid's on a block
But you're not fooling this old fart I'll tell you right now four minutes till new and at five sixty Q.A.M.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q.A.M.
And another thing he would have been a bit star by that little bit sweet voice
I didn't expect to get anywhere a little puny feel we shake you
I think I'm not a bad one people
I don't want that to turn my wife away
I have a lot of fun with you
You're more wifey than you
Yeah what about you?
I'm more wifey than you
What do I do?
I play not me and you
Okay
I want to stop
I'm your pector free
No, no, no, no, please
A roll
I'm being a fool
And I'm playing playing
Why you why you would have spat you
I know my smell attract you
But unlike you
You still got your job
I feel just like that you are my kid brother
And one year later
That's why you are still not buying
I don't, don't, don't, don't
I don't, don't, don't, don't
I'm the only choice to do it
You're the only choice to do it
I'm one and I'm the only choice to do it
You're the only choice to do it
You're the only choice to do it
All right, got you enough
Come on to it 560 WDQM happy Tuesday to you
US President George W. Bush, Big Winter at the World's
Stupidity Awards
Oh right
See that story?
Nope
Montreal.
The November elections may still be ahead of them, but U.S. President George W. Bush came
out of big winner a couple days ago with a World Stupidity Awards.
Bush was a dumb...
You there?
This black, whose biting set tires a highlight of TVs that Ailey Show took pride in the
recognition of the U.S. received that the award saying were the gold standard.
Blacks of the awards celebrate the pros and perfection in idiocy because real stupidity
is hard work.
It's easy to fall down a manhole, it's easy to put the candles through coats of the
drapes, it's easy to launch a military invasion of another country based on a few blurry
satellite photos you observe.
This year my people we scaled the everstance stupidity and we stand upon its peak.
Bush took the stupidest man of the award and for the second time in the history of the
two-year-old awards won the stupidity award for reckless endangerment of the planet.
That award was presented by Justin Trudeau, son of former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau.
He got the best reaction tonight from females in the Pact House who hooded whistleed and
yelled, yum, Adam while he was on stage.
Yum yum.
Bush don't didn't take the category alone however, tied with British Prime Minister Tony
Blair and rightfully so.
The controversial Texan President shared in two other awards as the U.S. was noted for
having the stupidest government of the year.
What was interesting about that is that the decision was made overwhelmingly by Americans
who voted said Albert Nuremberg of the main organization revealing obvious numscals
who runs the awards.
Nominations and voting for a place at the organization's online set except for the lifetime
achievement award which is settled by the judges.
The nominations were judged by experts in their fields, a bunch of idiots and overseen
by the Academy for recognizing a stupidity everywhere.
Bush beat out pop actress Brittany Spears nominated for saying, I do it or brief Las Vegas
wedding and singer Jessica Simpson and wanted to loud on TV why does chicken by the seat taste
like tuna is a chicken or is it tuna?
Though it's facing work crimes charges after being captured by U.S. forces, Sodom can
take solace and lifetime achievement award for stupidity which was bestowed on him with
a musical tribute in the Montage of Film, Crips and Photos including one of him getting
a fashion makeover from the cast of Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.
Iraq and the conservative right in the U.S. figured heavily in the awards which declared
Fox's Orali factor, the stupidest TV show, and gave Fox News the nod for media outlet
which has made the greatest contribution to furthering ignorance worldwide.
Also stupidest woman of the year was U.S. soldier private Lindy England who became notorious
after pictures were published of her allegedly abusing your prisoners.
Presenter Maggie Cassellus at England beat out convicted home making guru Martha Stewart,
dysfunctional rocker Courtney Love and Nicole Smith and Michael Jackson who finally had
enough surgery to place himself in this category.
Cute.
Worst stupidest woman was Gilly.
You know what a surprise huh?
Gilly.
Never saw it.
Did you?
No.
Never saw it.
Do you think I would go see that?
Gilly?
Would he ridiculous swisher Ben Aflok and Giello with a big ass?
Welcome.
Give me a break.
Here's a little bit of good news and of course there's 80 million pools of here.
It's a question of which one you're going to grab.
Carry overtakes version swing states nationwide this poll shows.
Oh right.
Or he didn't find a poll to show anything you want.
Democratic challenger John Kerry this month overtook U.S. President George W. Among voters
and swing states in nationwide according to a poll conducted by the Washington based
Pew research center.
You can smell the aroma all the way here.
The senator from Massachusetts leads Bush 47 of 41 percent in states where they
remember election expected to be closest.
That compares with Bush's 11 point lead held a light just a month ago.
So Bush was 11 points ahead and now Kerry's six ahead and that was before the convention
started.
Nationwide 46 percent of the 1568 registered voters questioned by Pew said it would vote
for Kerry if the election would have were held today compared with 44 percent who said
it would put Bush.
The choice of Edwards is good or excellent according to 49 percent of those polls compared
with 31 percent who said it was fair or poor.
Kerry also leads Bush and perceptions among the general public on who can best deal with
issues including the economy, healthcare, education, the environment, Iraq, foreign policy
and gun control.
The Republicans led on morality, homosexuality which of course is there a soup in there
bread and butter and terrorism corner of the center.
Homosexuality.
Got to do something about them.
Homos man, that's right.
Maybe that's why Ricky's running away.
232 people, those days we're tearing because he wants to smoke a wacky weed.
You don't want to take those stupid ass drug tests.
5670560, pound 560 on the 18 and teen horizon marvelous line.
WQA, hello.
No.
Yes sir.
I'm always ripping you in the morning today.
How about what?
He says you're not responsible.
You missed too many days.
Yeah.
All right.
Well take it easy.
Okay, easy.
I don't miss any days.
I mean go I don't miss any days.
This is my schedule of smoke.
In addition to weight well.
Not said.
5670560, Sarah had to go on head my to pay we done or my head we shaped.
0560 on the 18 and horizon marvelous line.
What is last guy?
Talk about the try to stir it up.
It must really be deadly like I said.
Thank God for Ricky and otherwise people be in a total coma at this point sitting under
a tree like Rip Van Winkle.
WQA and hello.
And back at you.
WQA and hello.
New.
Yes sir.
I don't watch the early.
I wouldn't care if he had Jesus Michael Moore and.
And the early on on there I'm not watching the O'Reilly factor sorry.
A reminder is if why would I watch that crowd.
And why is he going on there?
That's what I don't know.
I don't know if he's stupid if he's ever seen the show he ought to know that O'Reilly
never lets anybody talk.
Of course not always going to put him on here is to try to make him look bad and make
a buffoon out of him and interrupt him and outlaw him saying anything and he probably
walk off and it just be that is spectable to help O'Reilly make a few more bucks.
That's all.
Not a good idea Mike.
And I'm sure it's not going to watch it sir.
So a reminder don't watch the O'Reilly factor.
And by the way the book comes out tomorrow the spring rating book and I predict again that
O'Reilly will continue having a.
Oh point.
So floor to rating book.
Oh no I take that back.
Did they have a point two in the last one?
I don't know.
So the obvious question is what's the point?
Nobody in listen to his radio show.
And the only reason that Fox has those numbers is because they're right wing.
It's like a religion.
It's like the 700 Club.
They all congregate in that one spot.
Everybody with a brain people from the left of the till of the hunt.
They're split up among the other networks.
They're watching if they want to see news CNN and NBC.
They're watching the network news.
They're watching other things but all the right wing all those sheep all lined up there.
All the right wing lemons.
They're all gathered around there like like it's the religious you know, foisting hoisting
place.
WQA.
Hello.
Hey sir.
I want to talk to Neil all the way speaking.
Neil.
Oh god.
Turn that radio off please.
What?
Turn the radio down.
There you go.
Neil.
God.
What is all of your signal today?
What do you mean by that?
It's not getting out.
It's quite good.
We're going to be down.
Down my amy now.
No, no.
No, man.
Get out of there before it's too late.
No wonder.
No, we don't want to be hurting downtown Miami.
Too many of us.
It was John Provacaturboyum there.
Okay.
What we did is we put like a special drape re over the top of the tower to make sure that
we did.
It's a condom.
And Colters column dropped by USA today.
Oh right.
She wrote a really smartly.
They sent her off to the Democratic Convention to write the counter or PC and over the day.
The right wing viewpoint on what's happening there.
She wrote for her first PCS today a piece of slime and trash.
It was just a wee bit too sarcastic in the grotesque for USA today.
They said bye bye honey.
So they signed Jonah Goldberg, self-hating Yid who writes for the National Review and
other right winger.
USA today doesn't like my tone, humor, sarcasm, etc. which raises the intriguing question
about it.
I heard me to write for them.
Colters said this statement.
And you know something that is a good question.
Am I with anybody?
How are you to do anything sweetheart?
Sex maybe sweep the floor and clean the turrets.
And I don't think you're qualified for that.
Bitch.
God is she disgusting or what?
She's disgusting.
Bad news.
You already know this.
I'm sure.
No sopranos until 2006.
Yeah, whatever.
Did you know that?
No.
Well now you do.
No sopranos family members will get knocked off in 2005.
That's because HP has announced that the sixth and final season of the popular mob drama
won it premier till sometime, sometime in 2006.
It's like the Harry Potter book HBO Chairman Chris Albrecht said last week, you wait very
long and you'll be happy when you get it.
Yeah, we'll see.
Albrecht said the sopranos creator and executive producer David Chase can take all the time he needs to write,
hitting the final season could become longer than the 10 episodes he's committed to in January.
The sopranos wrapped up its fifth season last month in a very mediocre fashion for what George tells us.
Yeah.
Until the last episode of the sopranos' ears, I'm always hopeful, Albrecht said.
Other HBO shares that will live on include a fifth season of Larry David's Comedy Curb Your Enthusiasm
and sophomore seasons of the Dark Brown is Card of All and Deadwood.
Now there's the good news for it.
Well good.
Card of All is not bad at all.
Really?
Really?
I'll be mad.
I just might have to get HBO if it ever becomes available.
Here's it available.
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Like I said, I'll have to stick with my other 695 channels.
12 minutes passed known at 560 W.W.Q.M. as your company's suffering from regulations and increased labor costs.
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's side of your business, payroll administration,
Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services
that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for free evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands many facets of human resource management.
Ocsourcing has been recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice,
which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable.
If you'd like to get you a free evaluation, just give them a call in the obligation call 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747-4.
Oasis outsourcing.
5.665-60.
The radio is all yours now.
P-U-M.
Here it is.
The USA caught me in my spider hole.
Now they turned me over to a raggy control.
But if the Americans don't keep me safe,
Redis is under going to be one more grave in Iraq.
Yeah, here is Iraq.
I saw that they wouldn't be in the dark.
I would crop him a jailhouse in Iraq.
My people can hardly wait to make me pay.
Just like they did with the day in Tuesday.
Only one way to triumph over my foes.
Call Johnny Cagran or Mark Geregos to Iraq.
Yeah, they come to Iraq.
Give myself a grown-stay locked.
Do they get to the jailhouse in Iraq?
Maybe if I'm lucky, I can stop a bleed.
Maybe I can even leave a sanity.
I must have been crazy to get into this war.
It's like rentals still gone out from Michael Moore in Iraq.
Yeah, here in Iraq.
My head will soon be on the black.
And I will die in the jailhouse in Iraq.
Die in the jailhouse in Iraq.
I am the jailhouse in Iraq.
From 18 to 560 degrees,
I feel as hard as this plant.
I always plant it.
Maybe pays off pansies or daisies or whatever.
I saw that.
Yeah, and that cute.
I know what you have in one swell time.
What's that?
Oh, I see.
Maybe he's planting the seeds.
Maybe he's planting some seeds in the neighborhood.
I'm not going to have a welcoming party when Ricky gets over there.
That's somewhere in Asia.
Huh?
Maybe Ricky's on this way through Iraq.
560-7-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Maybe I'll have to change the pool.
This doesn't seem to be going on.
We've got a lot of votes on there.
But maybe they just ran out of ideas.
I thought we'd have all kinds of real neat and original and clever ideas.
But guess what?
Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring?
What's the real reason behind this debacle?
492 votes.
He just wants to smoke weed 247.
I don't give a crap 62 like I predicted that's moving up nicely.
Be at least a solid second.
Because the coach is a Bozo 58,
he wants to open a gate karaoke bar in Tokyo 49.
Shack is God.
But third man.
Shack!
He's off to Australia with his average and a friend 26
and he's tired of getting slapped in the ass by sweaty grotesque men.
20.
Rack them.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Tell about we here at 30 areas to be heard.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think Ricky's running away because he's gay.
Yeah.
What did you run away, too?
OK.
All right.
Bye.
WDQAM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
I have one for the ball.
Yes, sir.
It's been said a long time ago.
Yes, it's you are.
No, I'm just, you know, yes.
But maybe he wants to do something with meaning in his life instead of playing kid games.
That's an excellent choice, sir.
That's outstanding.
Yes, I mean, maybe he won't hold that rope.
Exactly.
But who knows?
I'm not sure if he's having...
Hey, could be...
Yeah.
Hahaha.
Ah!
Wow.
By the way, yes.
It's storming like a cell in the beach down here.
Well, that's good because it's cloudy and raining here, too.
This is the first day in the last day.
We've had it a long time.
It's kind of gray and gay.
We've already had a couple of outages.
Oh, no wonder we're having like a little bit of slowness on their response.
Because the votes are coming in just nice, but they're a little bit, although they're all flashed.
Every time I see that, then they'll always start flashing like crazy, you know?
Just when I'm taking...
Oh, look at all these great stories I got here.
Hahaha.
They don't want that.
They don't want that old-fashioned reading a bunch of crap on the air.
I'll tell you that right now.
They want George sitting there talking about the ass and stuff like that.
And we're working armpits.
And of course...
Yes!
You're a lucky man.
You might actually become a sports nerd.
You've been on the air during two weeks when we had the two biggest sports stories in the years.
For the Nacoonzay...
Different take.
Nobody can weigh him.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling for Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, I wanted to mention that I got the schedule for the convention for tonight.
I don't know if you're aware.
Can I speak in a night?
Well, a peck entity and not a routine.
A rack obama.
You know who he is?
I haven't got any idea who he is.
How do you mean that guy from Illinois?
Exactly.
The one who's been kicking butt in the Senate race there.
Yeah, that guy is going to be...
He's somebody to watch.
I wouldn't be surprised if he were president someday if we were alone.
That's exactly what I wanted to say.
And eight years.
You better watch out.
He's the man.
That's right.
And also, I think tonight it's also Ron Reagan.
Oh, is she going to be on?
No, no.
But he's amazing.
I guess I wasn't aware of what his point of view was.
But he couldn't be more hostile to Bush than anybody.
Well, yeah.
I understand the stem cell research.
He's pissed off and part of it about that.
He's got all his farmers in the stem cell thing, which couldn't mention that last night very prominently.
But that's not the...
I thought that was all it was.
But in fact, it's across the board.
He hates Bush in every way imaginable.
He's not sure of that.
I'm basically what I'm hearing now.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Pauli.
I'll be glued to the set.
How are Dean's and Ted Kennedy and that other guy he was talking about.
And Ron Reagan Jr., she's going to be speaking.
And I bet you Dean gets them all...
We're going to South Carolina.
I don't know.
And Aaron Sola.
We're going to get him how I...
North Dakota and New Mexico.
We're going to California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington DC to take back the White House.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
See, the reason he didn't get it...
Yeah.
He wasn't supposed to get it.
Right?
Oh, there's Nick Cheney.
Oh, he just took a couple of water.
I sure hope he ain't nothing bad with his heart.
We see the spirit of the Corps and that's what he was talking about.
Oh, you see that?
He's rallying the troops there.
He's talking about the troops and he just reached over for a glass of water.
The way he drank it like he was in distress or something.
And I thought maybe he was going to be one of them.
Oh, no.
My pacemaker, the battery just stopped.
Get the energizer bunny in here real quick before it's too late.
Wow.
I thought I was hoping you understand.
Of course.
So we got Howard and Ted Kennedy.
He's my hero, Ted Kennedy.
I don't care what anybody says to the guys dead.
Now Rick Sanchez killed that guy from the stadium.
He's still running around with his mediocre career from job to job,
getting bounced around like the no talent that he is.
But at least Ted Kennedy's great.
Right.
And he, and he, the thing about Ted Kennedy,
he doesn't pull any punches.
He's a liberal, he's proud of it.
He's the only one who actually say that.
Him and Kucinus, I guess.
In fact, they were interviewing him on the floor last night.
Somebody never got up.
But, and he looks like his hair piece may have a little bit of work.
It looked like he went to Charles Alfier for about two, three minutes.
He could have stayed longer.
He'd look better.
But he looked a little bit better.
And he says all the right things.
He makes all the sense of the world he had no chance.
I was starting to say so though.
The reason that Dean didn't get it is because he wasn't supposed to.
Right.
Too radical, too much of an outsider, too much.
And of course, they convinced the public.
Oh, he's got no chance.
And look at that crazy temper of his.
And he's screaming.
And then that whole deal.
And we got stuck in to that.
Even we got the Buffalo by the way they presented that.
And then of course, after the fact, after they humiliated and degraded him,
and it made him look like a raving maniac.
And then we saw his wife.
Then, oh, well, he was screaming because the noise from the crowd was so loud that you couldn't hear.
And speaking of wives, let me tell you right now, Judy Dean, they looking so bad anymore.
Have you seen Kerry's daughters?
Yeah.
Now, one of them is pretty hot.
She's not bad.
But the other one, the one that looks good, she's got a little trace of that.
She's got a snows.
You know, the other one has got it.
It looks like John Kerry and drag to be honest with it.
She has got a snows a hopper like very manllow on a bad day.
They have the money to fix those, you know.
God almighty, she grotesque.
What is it with presidential daughters?
And then you're going to give me a sign of the answer about the bush daughters all in that crowd.
The one, anyway.
Who's got the really is?
Edward's got a daughter.
One of them's got the one of Kerry's daughters, like I said, is pretty good.
She's all right.
What about Edward's?
I don't know.
Because you and the bush twins, man, they're just the wild bush.
That one, but she's beautiful.
Barbara Bush?
You mean Martha Washington, the mother of our country.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, she's lovely.
In fact, I think her face is on the dollar bill.
Maybe you ought to put her on the $3 bill on one side and Ronnie Reagan, Jr. on the other side.
I got big plans for it.
He wanted to put Ron Reagan's senior, the old man on some of the currency.
Let's put the kid.
Let's put Ron Reagan to ballet, the answer on a $3 bill.
What do you say?
Oh, right.
But he's going to be speaking of the Democratic Convention.
So he's got some balls.
He's got a pair.
Nancy says they're teeny tiny.
But nevertheless, it's a start, right?
Now, if you just get some for guilty.
26 past noon.
By the way, it's looking really grim on the hockey season for next year.
I don't want to get the P.M. Guldi's parade or anything like that, because that would be a bad way to start.
There's a puck away in any soccer places to make sure the puck doesn't get through.
But at any rate, that would be a bad way to start your hockey broadcast.
We have no season, right?
Maybe you can just go that out of the sawgrass and practice when there's nobody around, right?
Like the way IOD used to send our people out to the remotes.
At the convention center that was closed in like five hours before they opened it up to the public.
Something like that.
At least he came getting any trouble out there.
26 past noon at 5.60 WQAM.
I've been telling about A. Laser Recharge, the Toner Recharge Carcord Specialist for the past few weeks on the show.
And a lot of you have called 1-800-287-92, which is good news because they're saving you a lot of money on your printing and office equipment supplies.
And for those of you who haven't called, what you'd be waiting for.
A. Laser Recharge has got inked, thermocarbony paper supplies, and they provide service supported maintenance for most mixing models of machines to make them run like new again.
When you call 1-800-287-9212, you'll deal with just Bob.
The sole owner has been supplied businesses in South Florida with what they need in most cases within 24 hours.
A. Laser Recharge can save you up to 50 percent.
Up to half a new cartridges has compared to depot pricing and keep in mind that all the cartridges sold by A. Laser Recharge are remanufactured, not refilled.
Anybody in their brother can study a cheap refilled cartridge, but also keep in mind that you only get what you pay for.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go.
A. Laser carries the complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers, and faxes along with brother and zero-ox drums too.
A. Laser Recharge is part of their individualized service. They are freeway. No questions asked.
Satisfaction what and see. So whether you're looking for a toner, cartridges, anything else like these things, pick up the phone and call just Bob.
At A. Laser Recharge at 1-800-287-9212, or you can log on to their website, ailaserrecharge.com-1-800-287-9212.
A. Laser Recharge is a 4-80-056-1-UAM.
Right, guys, f***ing bo!
Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the TruHollywood celebrity music reality profile story.
Of all the hits of the 1980s, only one is used by hospitals as an ametic.
That song was by Matthew Wilder.
The music is a 4-80-056-2-0.
The music is a 4-80-056-2.
The music is a 4-80-056-2.
What's an ametic? That's if someone has taken a drug overdose or they've acted at least in just a poison or whatever.
You need an ametic to induce vomiting.
Dars! I explain the dire here!
Oh, we've tried everything in the past.
That I have a tiger song, cause our boo-boo men without hats.
But that's break my stride number does the trick every time.
God, please!
Oh, sorry, guys. We'll take care of you right away.
There you go. It's okay now. It always feels better after you, hurl.
Matthew Wilder, we tried to reach in for comment, but oh, are we kidding?
We don't care what he thinks. It's a big, juicy, sapping-wet look at your business.
Tonight, on inside the mind.
1233, don't forget George's Saturday, 2-4, and Riva Motorsport, Segway,
a block south of North. South of North.
A block north of Sanford Road on Dixie Highway, registered to win a free Segway human transportation device.
The QMQies are going to be there and food provided by Atlantic City Sub.
Have you heard that Irish is out there anymore?
No.
That's the room where I'm here and going around. Josh, did you hear that?
No, you're the first.
That's what I'm hearing. We better check on that.
Here's something I, where you probably have this already big story.
Too many sports stories now. I guess it's caused a summertime.
Sure, what else?
What else would be going around in South Florida? Nothing going down there.
Oh, it's hot.
U.M. admits troubled, top-foot-ball recruit Williams. Let that boy play, right?
Well, you're one-half.
Miami's top-foot-ball recruit Williams, whose legal troubles and lengthy arrest record
has put his status in limbo. Finally, is a hurricane.
All right.
In a statement to the university community, what are we, this from the Sun Central, the university community?
Is that like the gay community and the black community and the African-Bangladeshi community?
Well, what is that? The university community.
President Donna Eshalela, who's got no balls, said,
we chose to support the recommendation of the members of our faculty and staff who constituted our admissions group.
They brought a broad experience in reading complicated admissions applications,
which in this case revealed a more accurate picture of a young man than what you have read today.
Do you understand what that means?
No.
No.
Coach Larry Koker added, just to decline recommendation with a bit of player because of what somebody might think nationally.
I just don't think that's the right way to handle it.
In other words, we don't have a crap on anybody, thanks.
UM had put William scholarship on hold pending admissions hearing, which took place after his legal matters were resolved.
He was arrested the 11 times since 1999, walked out of a court-remonialized six with the road clear from the proceed with the admission procedure.
Robert Circuit Court judge Michael Kaplan with held a due tocation on 2002 Berkeley charge.
Instead, sentence Williams, a starline backer from Carroll City, high to three years probation, yadi yadi yadi.
I don't think that your lost cause Kaplan told Williams.
I know you have a serious juvenile history and semisaries in adults, but I think you've got some promise.
In other words, he can run fast and fly like an eagle.
I don't think the thing to do is put you in jail, at least not yet, he said.
Miami Freshman report to Camp August 9.
Well, there's some good news for South Florida sports fans who are just aching and dying after the Ricky Williams thing tore their hearts out.
And let me say it again, all the rumors about Ricky is a fagginess and that that was all going on during the two years that he was running like crazy
and setting all those records and doing all these fantastic things.
But nobody cared about that because he was our fagg, if I don't believe that he was anyway, but even if he is, what difference does it make?
But now all of a sudden, that's the issue because now that he turned tail and departed, now we've got to find his shoes.
Ah, he wasn't any good anyway. He was a trouble maker. He was a pot smoker. He was a mighty colon. He was a whatever, right?
All of a sudden?
Plus, we'd like to better when he had the long hair.
We like the old Rostelox.
You're all full of crap, man. All you people talking such trash.
The real reason he retired is because he just wants to smoke in peace.
Right?
And what's wrong with that?
544 votes. Why do you think Ricky Williams is really retiring?
Once the smoke weed 267 almost half of you say that.
I don't give a crap 77.
That was the late edition I apologize for that.
Because the coach is a Volozo 62. That might be a part of it.
He wants to open a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo 52.
After the long hair they called it a while ago, there is your gay selection already on their Schmidthead idiot.
Shaq 31.
5.
Who wouldn't want to slink off into the wilderness somewhere after being overshadowed by this big goof-ball with a gigantic oversized haid?
How would have thought Joe Rose would have been our quota?
Wouldn't you and South Florida jokers with oversized heads?
No, no.
Shaq 31. He's off to Australia with his average and a friend, Ricky that is 26.
He's tried to get slink on the ass by a sweaty gross big man 24.
He wants to do something meaningful not to play games 6.
That was a good choice. I don't believe that, but wouldn't that be nice?
Maybe he's going to run for political office. Maybe he's going to go out there and do it.
Yeah, he's going to go out there and join the Peace Corps if we still had it.
He's going to do something productive with his life. He's going to be a security guard in a high school crossing and help kids who are getting hit by cars.
Something productive.
Besides saying some stupid ass game.
Like that golf thing. I still can't get over that.
Until they stick my ass in the ground, I'm never going to be able to get over this whole golf thing.
What did you do with your life?
Well, I was the longest driver in history and I sure could put it, putt's the word man.
You know what I mean? Like Gildy Puss.
WQA and hello.
Yes, sir. How's it going, Motik?
Great.
Hey, Ricky, he wants to help OJ find the real killer. That's why he quit.
That's an excellent choice. Beauty. Thanks, Palli.
Thank you.
Have a great day. That was good. See, that's the kind of thing we're thinking of.
Something more about creative. Not just bag, bag, bag, you know.
He wants to help OJ help to find a real killer.
Which that would be a constructor, which means he probably played a lot of golf.
You know people play a lot of golf. Absolutely.
I just got through my swimming golf. See how it all kind of like fits in there again.
This guy on the phone, my psychic powers fits in there like a rubber glove.
Oh, rubber gloves.
For bloody gloves.
And you know what they say, if it don't fit, you're full of Schmidt.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, what's your problem with golf?
It sucks.
How come?
How come don't ask me?
I don't know. Maybe they could make it more exciting like having something from people to get excited about it.
What's your different colored balls?
Yeah, different colored balls. That's right.
That's the problem. Balls. Too many balls. Little balls. I'm not into little balls.
5607. O560.
Oh, sorry girl.
He pounded 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
People that sit around and watch other people play golf.
It's one thing if you go out there for exercise, never 20 or 30 beers with a boy or something like that.
Even though that still is...
All you're doing is saying...
I have no rights.
All summer long. You know what the hockey players do?
I give up.
They play golf.
You want to know why?
They got nothing else to do. They have no life.
Nothing else to do. That's it.
And I'm sure the same is true with other athletes during the off season.
They go out and play a lot of golf.
Because they're bored because it's a chance to go out and like, oh, who knows? I don't know.
Something to do.
But watching other people play golf to me, that to me, that is definitely should be classified as a mental illness.
When you say...
I'll never understand that if I live to be a thousand.
And here's first target on a 7-k, and it's a 320...
I mean...
Oh, good.
Golly miss smaller.
Yeah, right.
The world is on a precipice of crap, man.
All of this garbage going down.
We're worried about, you know, whether we're going to be walking around in a 24 hours every day
because we got all these yellow alerts and pink alerts and green alerts and purple alerts.
We got alerts up the old ass.
And in the meantime, these people are...
Well, the tiger, he's a shadow of what he used to be.
And now we got a V.A. sing that Indian guy, you know, smells like heavy curry.
What?
He's half-time, you know.
Do you think that the V.A. sings smells like heavy curry?
I have a hair V.A. sing.
Take a whiff next time you see our buddy, kid.
When you told me we were talking...
What was he talking to you about the other morning?
He's the only giving the spy report about them using our material without permission.
I know one of those TV stations, four or six.
Yeah, you people on channel four and six, man.
You suck if you read the material.
We don't mind.
It's like when we play something off of a CBC or CVS,
there's not nothing illegal about that.
It's after the fact, but at least we give credit where it came from.
As opposed to them sneaking something like it just...
It just, through spontaneous generation, it wound up on NERA on your TV screen.
Meanwhile on the Indicineric Unnamed Radio Show where they don't normally talk about sports.
Right.
Oh God forbid that they would want to give us a little bit of credit,
a little bit of promotion there.
God forbid that because the TV people, they resent radio anyway, you know.
It's just like the newspaper people.
Oh, well, you don't want to advertise on radio.
They'll advertise your newspaper where it gets lost in the middle of 700 pages of ads
and nobody pays any attention to.
Do you ever read any ads in the newspaper?
Are you kidding me?
Never.
I can't tell you the last time I looked at them in the newspaper.
All I do is when I see a page full of ads, it just means you turn the page.
And hopefully you might find something which you will hear.
You certainly won't dare.
19 to 1 at Mad Dog, 2 the Humper from the...
Speaking of that, from the Hard Rock Casino at 4.
Don't forget we got that...
Slots on a ballot...
Oh, well, that's going to be so great if we get that in.
If you could see the Casino at Woodline...
Woodline racetrack here.
It's a beautiful place.
They got 1700 slots.
Fabulous.
Well, not a favor.
That's a pretty good restaurant in there.
And then you go up the escalator and there's the racetrack.
How do you like that?
A lot.
Yeah, there's Chris Christopher who out there in the Tony Kerrwood and Paul Meckdennell and Steve
Conran and all the others who might leave an out.
Trevor Richie?
Oh, yeah, the Richie.
Trevor Richie, that's right.
Keith Oliver?
Mike Sathick?
Is Mike Sathick or what?
A little bit.
I mean, there's certainly no Donald Brainer down there, guys like that.
And no Miriam Tollin, which makes me really Jones in for a pop and no park tick.
Talking about my friend Dick Feinberg, who's always...
But I don't want to go in there.
Don't make sure nothing about harness racing, man.
That'll be the end of the year, show.
What are we doing on a harness racing show?
Now that Rimmers leave in there.
The Rimmers, by the way, let's see what's today today?
27th?
27th, yes.
Leven, the 31st, going to say bye-bye-bye.
And the good news I'm here is that Jeff Cohen at Pizza Love now don't have to mortgage his house.
You know, when your hair is fallen out, when you've got almost nothing left for a big, gross ball spot on your head,
believe me, a big bald head is gross.
I heard somebody give me a report.
Absolutely.
You got this morning on that.
You got to take a good close look at one of the most famous bald heads in the building.
And said, this.
Fair.
For more than 35 years, Charles Alfier has been helping desperate guys like that get their hair back
and look really good as opposed to a mouse he looked in peace.
You see, basically, what mode did he through in the towel?
You know what I mean?
He just gave up.
Just like Steve Ziegler.
You never thought it would happen.
No, I never did.
But he finally through in the towel realized what a goofball he looked like when I had a muskrat on her.
If you want to look great and not like a goofball, Charlie can help you do it with his most amazing natural heli-systems the best in the universe.
And like I've been telling you for years and years on, they show the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline.
If it looks like real hair that's grown out of your scalp, it looks great.
If it looks like an animal dot and your head are like a bunch of straw, then forget about it.
And Charlie's new skin-like hair system is 100% un-detectable.
And Charlie gives you a guarantee so you have nothing to lose but that vault spot.
You try a system for 30 days.
FUT 30, man!
And after a month of you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not ecstatic, return it and get your money back.
So don't delay.
If you want to look better and younger than you ever thought you could again.
Just make that simple call that can change your life forever.
Call tool free 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or log on to Charlie's World Famous website, CharlesoffEerie.com.
My name is Paul.
This is Sports 20 or 5-6.
You weigh in.
Who the face selection?
Ow!
She's about to die for a tattoo.
The brother brother brother brother brother.
Don't don't worry.
She's since the time.
Not worth a year old.
Love by millions across the land.
And when two visitors, they swiped now.
She was hanging with another man.
But she went home now.
For a night's best key mask.
And a pair of gloves and back he went.
But she was tipping her friend the waiter.
And giving more than 15% where she was good day.
Start a slice of them.
And I can don't you know what's at the airport before they fell.
She made a touchdown in Oshikago.
It's acting as the Alba Hotel, Ocrawel.
Above the L.A.D.A.
Well, he flagged OJ.
Bob and legal procedure.
With a knife, that's the bring in your penalty.
He said we're conviction.
That's what you get when you pack the wife.
I don't hear it everywhere.
It'll get away from goal.
Pressing something to his goal.
Wishing he was dead.
But it was a cell phone.
No, not a pistol.
She was tied by a tumor.
Keep it in his head.
Well, if I had got a mark.
Now it's up to the jury.
But he will surely be jailed for life.
I'm not a people let off say.
Just feel bad for OJ.
They forget it ain't okay.
I have to why.
I have to why, man.
I've got time, ain't OJ so black.
I'll tell you what.
I'll show how dark he is.
He's got dark holes on his ugly ass.
Who on Molly is she, his man?
Ten minutes so one at five, sixty W.A.M.
Speaking of hack the wife.
We supposed to care about this story in Stole Lake City.
They had a meeting and you're supposed to care.
Just like we're supposed to care about the other one.
I care a lot more about Paul Peterson and Pat Peterson.
I care a lot more about him.
Pat Peterson from Notts Landing.
What's your name?
Nick Lachert.
Nick Lachert?
No, he almost forgot.
He was married to Harry What's his name?
Thomas Jr.
What?
Hamlet.
Hamlet's right.
Who I always thought was well.
The last day her co-workers saw her, Laurie Hacking,
was heading home for the weekend.
After getting a phone call, their left her stunned and sobbing.
The AP has learned.
She never showed up at her office the following Monday.
Uh oh.
Are you following this?
Yeah.
Several colleagues at Wells Fargo Security Services said that Hacking had been arranged
for an on-campus housing at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine.
They believed the school was returning to call to say that her husband Mark Hacking was not in rule.
There is he had told her.
How do you like that?
He was busy at Hacking being ready to hack the wife.
She was visibly upset.
She started to cry, got up and walk away, her supervisor Randy Church told the APS today.
He said that when co-workers asked her what was wrong, she replied,
it's no big deal, I'm okay, but I think I'll go home.
Yeah, in fact, something's bothering me too.
I don't know, I think I'm going to go home.
Bye.
Oh, I am home.
One of the employees said he could overhear her saying,
but he's already been accepted.
He's already applied.
This can't be correct.
In other words, he was a liar.
And then of course, the fact that he was running around naked,
although he did have socks on, I guess, right?
Well, it might have been cold or wet.
28-year-old Mark Hacking, a 20-year-old,
or he's been at a psychiatric hospital since police
thought I'm running around naked in the sandals
then I went after the search for his wife again.
Please refuse to say whether he was being held in both,
in both, in thoroughly.
Well, like I said, he was out the Hacking away.
He did it.
He was good enough for OJ, he ought to be out there,
to live it up to his name.
I don't know, we care about that story,
because immediately, like you said, they had a meeting
and decided, oh, we're going to beat this thing into the ground, man.
We're going to beat it like a bloody, to a bloody pulp.
Paul Krugman writes it today's New York Times.
I told you I'd sneak in one or two stories near today.
It can't be all Ricky and Paul Bay, okay?
Life is more than just a bunch of dumb jocks.
And of course, now it's Shaq and Ricky and Willie.
Willie Williams, right?
Willie or Wode?
Oh, he will.
He's going to run fast and fly high.
How does Vinny Blades do him?
And Brian Blades.
And Rupin' all the blades, so folks.
I bet your OJ's got some insight into one in Blades.
Paul Krugman writes,
Fira Fraud, which ought to be of interest to us in Florida.
There were a couple of Vanotsovail references
to the fixed election in last night's speeches there
by Gora and the Sommevailers,
and by Clinton, who pointed out again, every vote counts.
It's election night.
Early returns suggest trouble for the incumbent.
Then mysteriously, the vote counts stops
and observers from the Challengers Campaign
see employees of a voting machine company,
one wearing a badge that identifies them as a county official,
typing instructions at computers
with access to the vote-tabulating software.
When the count resumes, the incumbent pulls ahead.
The Challenger demands an investigation,
but there are no ballots to recount,
and election officials allied with the incumbent refused
to release data that could shed light on whether
there was tampering with electronic records.
This isn't paranoid fantasy.
It's a true account of a recent election
in Riverside County, California reported by Andrew Gumball
of the British newspaper, The Independent.
Mr. Gumball's full-length report printed in the LA City Beat
makes hair-raising reading,
not just because it reinforces concerns about touch-screen voting,
but also because it shows how easily
officials can stonewall after a suspect election.
Some states worried about the potential for abuse
with voting machines that leave no paper trail of ban
their useless November, but Florida,
which may well decide the presidential race is not among those states,
and last month's state officials rejected request
to allow independent audits of the machine's integrity,
poor Bobby Wexler.
A spokesman for Governor Jeff Bush accused those seeking audits
of trying to undermine voters' confidence
and declared the governor has every confidence
in the Department of State and Division of the Election.
I mean, if anybody can't see through this slight conflict
of interest here, the governor.
In other words, the president's brothers
that every confidence should the publisher of that confidence
consider the Fellon List rights poll, Courtman.
Florida law denies the vote to convicted felons.
In 2000, the state hired a firm to purge supposed felons
from the list of registered voters.
These voters were turned away from the polls after the election,
determined supposedly by 537 votes.
It became clear that thousands of people
had been wrongly disenfranchised.
Since those misidentified as felons were disproportionately
democratic-leaning African-Americans these areas
may have put George W. Bush in a White House.
Is there any doubt?
This year, Florida again hired a private company,
Accenture, which recently got a Homeland Security contract
with up to $10 billion to prepare a Fellon List.
Remembering 2000, journalists sought copies.
State officials stoned Wall, but a judge eventually ordered
a list released.
The mommy-hero quickly discovered that 2100 citizens
who had been granted clemency restoring their voting rights
were nonetheless on the banned voter list.
Then the Sarasota-Herald Tribune discovered that only 61
or more than 47,000 supposed felons were Hispanic.
So the list would have wrongly disenfranchised many
legitimate African-American voters.
While wrongly enfranchising many Hispanic felons,
it escaped nobody's attention that in Florida
Hispanic voters tend to support Republicans.
After first denying any systematic problem,
State officials declared an innocent mistake.
They told Accenture to match a list of registered voters
to list the felons, flagging anyone whose name
dated birth and race was the same on both lists.
They didn't realize they said that this automatically
would mis-fellons identify themselves as Hispanic
because that category exists on voter rolls
but not in state criminal records.
But employees of a company that prepared earlier
a felon list say they repeatedly warned state election officials
about that very problem.
Let's not be coy.
To get bushed, he won't allow an independent examination
of voting machines because he has every confidence
in the hand-picked election officials.
Yet those officials have a history of slip shot
performance and other matters related to voting.
And somehow their error is always end up favoring Republicans.
Why should anyone press their verdict on the integrity
of voting machines when another convenient mistake
could deliver a Republican victory in a high-stakes national election?
This should not be a partisan issue.
Think about what a tainted election would do to a
market sense of itself and its rule in the world.
In the face of official store-walling,
voters probably wouldn't be able to prove one way or the other
whether the vote count was distorted.
But if the result looks suspicious,
most of the world in many Americans would believe the worst.
I'll soon write about what can be done in the fewest that remain.
But here's a first step.
If Governor Bush cares at all about the future of the nation
as well as his family's political fortunes,
he will allow that independent audit.
I'm holding my breath, aren't you?
1257 at 560 WQM, the deals are heating up.
Now the 2004 model year is winding down.
Tired of that old gas-carcer that you're driving?
A lot of new car truck that will give you dependability and reliability.
They head on down to Armstrong Toyota of Homestead today.
They run US 1 just 20 minutes south of the A36.
It's worth the drive because they're going to save you so many thousands on great new Toyota's.
Right now, Armstrong Toyota Homestead is clearing out all remaining 04s and passing
great savings on to you.
You can lease an 0-4, Camry, LEC and 48-month lease,
just 279 bucks a month with no money down.
Looking for a great truck, how about the Toyota to Como 4x4?
It can be yours and you get $1,000 cash back from Toyota.
Looking for the hottest new cars around?
Armstrong Toyota Homestead is locally owned and operated.
It'll just about stand on their head to make you a happy customer.
Their service department is open late to late.
We've nights to make sure they get all your work done for you.
And Armstrong Toyota Homestead was the first either off your free tires and batteries for life.
Now they're the first to off your free replacement parts for life.
That's correct.
Tired batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody know where it does that.
So for an unbeatable deal, just see David Rich,
the GM at Armstrong Toyota Homestead today.
Armstrong Toyota Homestead, US1 and 2.93rd Street and Homestead,
just 20 minutes south of the 836th.
Grab a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
My high and local years for 205-6CSU-A-M.
Hello, these are Delories.
In you know, what would be this thing to earn in junior ages of 12?
It's your own.
It's down to the big O.
What's that stand for?
Or a jasm?
Oh, that's just short for Orlando Blue.
You don't look, Julie.
No.
No.
No.
No, Neil's gonna ripy for four hours.
I've been asking you to keep distance.
First confidence.
But in case you wonder why we're here,
so got suspended, so got suspended.
Maybe we should take this call from our special guest, Roberto L'Oongo.
Hi, I'm Reboyco.
You know what I'm the voice of the pants that's now?
Yes, I'm sure that squeaky voice guy that goes by all the time.
Oh, you got sweet confused with the character on another show.
That's not me.
I have children, you know.
Do it, do it.
You have a funny name.
What's this called?
Do it, do it.
Do it, do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
You see, yeah, that's where I won an instinct today, y'all on the same wave.
Like, 620 votes, why do you think Richard Williams is retiring?
You just want to smoke a little weed, mon, 304, wants to be left alone – no more drug
tests.
I don't give a crap, 92.
Because the coach is a Bozo— ah, 68.
He wants to clean up on a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo, 57.
F-F-F-
32.
He's off to check straight up with this average knee frame, 26.
He's paired to getting slapped on the ass by big sweaty men back home 24
He wants to do something meaningful with his life not just plays games 10 and he wants stuff. Oh, Jay find a real killer 7 out of 620
Oh, not bad
Jay Z led the MTV music
Video music award nominations today getting six nods for his video 99 problems
It's funny your favorite. So I'm sure oh, yeah
Beyonce no doubt an outcast I like outcast had five nominations each Beyonce was up for naughty girl and me myself
And I no doubt was picked for his my life and outcast for hey ya
And also they were under consideration for your mind that one too
Let's see no doubt forget about them and Beyonce well
Just to put some tape over her mouth
Okay, or something and they remove it at the appropriate time the award spectacle is much anticipated in Miami
Where the show will be held August 29th at the Mickey Erison
bogus arena
City officials and event planners are organizing private parties for the preening VIPs expected to flock to sunny South Florida
This is the sun sentinel spin on it. This is their take filling hotels restaurants and night clubs
It's the words 21st year, but the first time it will be held outside LA or New York the VMAs the video music awards celebrate the year's best music videos
But the honors are usually upstaged by scenes stealing celebrity presenters and performers like last year's on stage kiss between Madonna and
Britain and keep in mind and Madonna and Dennis Rudman not to make some other very well
All our who-and-hows Britney to talk anyway, right? Right anymore. Oh, brother. She's got taste in her toy. No comment
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line more Ricky Williams intensive
Willie Williams
WQ and hello
Ricky searching for the offie comment then my that might be it. He's looking for the offie coma. I have no idea how you spell that though
you
That's a perfect little Jew in the building. They've hanging a still there
Huh? Maybe currents knows how to spell it
WQ and hello
You I want I want everybody to obsess over Shaky Williams
Okay, are you starting it? Let's obsess right now. Come on everybody up says
Anybody named Williams
I'm kind of thinking about there was water no neck Williams used to play baseball for the Indians the White Sauce
Anybody any other famous Williams is there's Mark Williams who grabs it wins a raceway
There was Lou Williams. He's still dead
The greatest black driver in harness racing history. You know him of course. Oh
Any other Williams is there was Larry Williams short fat Fanny Vanessa Williams Vanessa Williams of course
The Wayne Williams the first GM at the radio station that I first worked at and how about the man with a frozen head Ted Williams
How could we forget WQ and hello? I know yes, sir. I'm a little confused
I've heard you reference here in Canada a lot of times on the show
Do you broadcast from there from Miami part of the time? I'm a Toronto part of the time
I'm there and sometimes you never know where I am and George is in Miami
He's right there. He's writing that. Yeah, he's in
somewhere he's in my body
If you your interaction is incredible if you guys are sitting there with each other
Hey listen when you've been doing it all these years, you know, it's just like falling off a log
You know what I mean? Yeah, well, I appreciate you guys and I'm heading to Toronto. Are you there now?
Yes, I'm right here in my lovely condominium. Yes
We'll listen. I'm going Friday for the car bomb. Yeah, we can
What a shame that they live in for and I'm leaving for your Friday. So I'll wait till you at the airport, okay?
And you know where I can cop in Toronto have a great time on any street corner. No problem
Thanks, man. Okay, okay
I'm gonna be fine any
street corner
Side streets back street
Yeah, no problem. Yes, no, I'm correct. I'm getting out of just in time
I may you don't think that's why I planned my vacation here. I was starting a weekend doing
Same reason I don't go to the islands mine. I like I like you know
Not that I'm pretty juiced or anything like that or maybe I am a little bit or maybe a lot
I don't know but I like being where there's at least a 10% white folks during a period of time now
I like also being where there's at least 10% heterosexuals, which is why I'm here a good part of the time
We're getting close to 10% five six seven oh five sixty town five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
WCWAM hello
Neil yes, sir Ricky is quitting football to get Kobe off
They're easier ways than that to get Kobe off
I
See well, let's let's I'm thinking about that okay
Just that's that girl. Yeah
WCWAM hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Maybe he wants to cook Ricky wants to cook paint pine cone to take pictures from other west of the slamer and golf sucks
Thank okay, you get all that
Golf sucks. Yeah, that's what I got. Yeah, that's that's the only part I got something about the slamer and golf sucks
And the pine cones in the back home something like that something about Martha Stewart to I think it meant
WCWAM line nine world famous hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you today? I'm great
Listen, I just want to tell you that you guys a great great show. Yes, we do and are and are and are
And are yes, anyway Ricky Williams
Yeah, I actually looking for the crown the true meaning of the crown
But not just how I called I called it to you Neil that you got me on to this whole political thing
I went my registered to vote and
Just one and just what happened to me two weeks later. I had to go to jury duty
But it is my civil duty and I did they don't do jury duty by that any more
They do by drivers licenses. No, no, no, no, they do it by by a voter registration now
That's like a service and drivers license. I spoke to
Both all three of them when you shouldn't have said that now Josh won't send in his sense too late
I think you already sent it in yeah
Well anyway, no, it's a pleasure listening to you. I'm listening to live on the internet
I'm not new Jersey because you know, I'm a transplant from Florida to Jersey and
The good news in that is you got out of Florida the second the bad news is look where you are
But nothing's perfect. Yeah, hey listen now Ricky Williams. He can blow on okay, all right
Now the thing about the now Josh you already sent that in for your voter registration card, right? I did I haven't received anything though
You will
It's gonna be called jury duty summons
Now listen, I heard that if you get called for your jury duty double get you off
That's the one I heard wrong
Yeah, we should have no a relax once again. Welcome have no fear, okay
He'll take care of Venice sports. Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 6 6
Tom 5 6 8 don't forget that spanking when duck gets back from vacation too
Oh, brother somebody spankings and so little time 12 minutes after one at 5 6
20 Q way and when you're moving or renovating
That's the best time to pick up your instrument and make that easy toll-free call
1 800 mattress make that first time you dream home
Heavenly with a brand new top quality name brand mattress from dollar mattress
You picked it at the time for delivery to put your moving schedule and dollar mattress is on time
99.7% of the time nobody know where's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress sets ready for immediate delivery than our friends
It's dollar mattress they be the best when you call 1 800 mattress right now you get a great mattress at an unbeatable discount price
dollar mattress is ranked number one a customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004
Better business bureau local turrets of excellence award when you call 1 800 mattress
You'll choose from the complete line of all the top names in the universe silly sure to king coral Simmons
Temporary can't even stirons and foster hewitt everybody around QA is called the 1 800 mattress
How many years in per year is and next time you need a new mattress you ought to be doing the same log on to their website
Macris.com or make that one easy call and they'll show up whenever you want you pick the two are a window when they're there and do a
Fantastic job for you 1 800 M.A. T.T. R.E.S
Are no longer a concern you can rest easily now that your frankly pharmaceutical companies are working biviriously to combat
Toji with new jama-zil to illustrate this courage of toji we have cartoon characters resembling cats
Manu capturing this melee toji's jama-cil effectively destroyed
And like cartoon characters leaving your toes with a fresh aroma that any foot fetish creep would love
Side effects include
Ask your doctor about jama-cil or call 1 800 toji's 1 800 toji's
That's 1 800 toji's 1 800 toji's are you listening?
I said 1 800 toji
117 you see how many votes we got on a pool if it doesn't refers too quick
How many oh damn it? It's refreshing. Oh, that's bad because that's gonna be more I had six six six right now six six six maybe
Il Antichristo
A key
We had on a website a couple days ago see the problem is when you're only on Tuesdays and Thursday
Thursday we got a problem. It's a marling game with a free game of 12 30. It's a problem
But so there are things that I would like to just mention in passing because I'm sure that we have a few people
That don't scour our website read all those stories and shame on you
Which is why a lot of people can ask pretty stupid questions
Man sleeping in hospital for 17 hours was dead. Did you see this?
Like so this was a weekend wasn't the waiting room. Yeah. Yeah, that's how that story middleburg height
Did you talk about yesterday? Well, there you go
Middleburg heights oh, Ohio a man was found dead on a couch in a hospital lounge and
Nurse told police that nobody had checked on him for least 17 hours because it looked like he was asleep
Robert F. Johnson 55 who had emphacine was found last Thursday at Southwest General Health Center
It wasn't clear when he died and autopsy was planned police chief John Maddox said Johnson probably had been dead for several hours
And most likely most likely died in actual causes of course when you in a hospital you die could be a
Of unnatural causes too. It's just unbelievable
Feel able his wife Robin Johnson said Friday somebody out of hospital didn't notice that a man was laying there for such a long period of time and not moving
Why didn't anybody check a
Hospital spokeswoman Kelly Stanford to climb to come in on the death
It's an unfortunate situation, but we're cooperating fully with all levels of the investigation she said
Nerslinette
Chai Hill discovered Thursday morning that Johnson was dead she told police that Johnson was fully dressed in
Curled with this face buried in a cushion with discolored and cold and that she had seen him on the same couch 17 hours earlier
Another nurse said that she saw a man reclining on a couch late Wednesday
Robin Johnson said she hadn't seen her husband since he left home Monday morning after an argument
Police believe he camped out of the hospital rather than return home. He was just arrested there on the exophah
And when you think if you if you'd be safe anywhere if something happened here if you had some kind of an attack or something
Wouldn't you be safe in a hospital when that be logical you know the answer to that question
Having been let me tell you right now folks
Don't clear the hospital as you have no choice if you're like in some horrific accident something like that do not let them stick your ass in a hospital
Kind of like the Roach Motel
Everybody checks in but there are a whole lot who don't check out ask Morris give how he's doing
Don't eat that burger by the way more
If the Bee Gees would have just been vegetarians you know
Things would be a hell of a lot better right now
They might have took about a turn of them could be five six seven oh five sixty town five sixty on a
Now is it still a thing where people are nervous about admitting they like to be used music? That's still a thing
Yeah, I guess it would be
Depending on where you're at and who you talk to you mean like a little O'Van
Well, I'm sure they love the Bee Gees. It's disco. Wait it. Oh, that's right forgot
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and of course there are a lot of them high pits this week
He voices a little of an anyway. I like the one that calls many cool and that one, you know
WQM hello, hey Neil. Hi, today pretty good. How you doing good?
I was wondering since I read in the paper about Shaq and that he was going to be
He's gonna be like
Shack the claws for Christmas and handout toys and stuff
Where if you get a handout over to Miriam Ola find give her about seven grand or early Christmas
Pro them for now the good news is she covered the check baby
Oh, I know is he covered that bounce check and I was wondering for the guy who she probably got it from the cash
That's it
He's gonna be paying a lot of our bills is what I heard and I was also wondering
The guy who shot Bobo to the tiger
Come around October 8th if you go to the ODC and pump down about 21 Panthers and put aside that misery for the year
Okay, all right. Thank you. Good luck to pal and that's bad. That was very bad
The ODC I've never heard that before in my life of you
They call the office deco center. I call it the emphasis center. So I really don't have any idea what it is
That was very bad
How much of guilty you too happy about that
I'm hearing some bad the rumbling is too about that Panther franchise. I'm hearing the organization is
well
If we do have a season their tower whenever hockey resumes again if the NHL finally gets attacked together
Which is debatable for franchises in the US?
Maybe on the way out a that's what I'm here now. Which 40 you think they might be
I don't want to go into a hockey thing because that would be because the death but it would seem to me the Florida
Pathas might definitely be one of them, you know
Absolutely because they're just as in a real fan support
I mean you can keep making up numbers and say oh look at this Gary Batman
We had 25,000 of course they win or only holds about 20
But you can make any kind of numbers up you want put all in cardboard bodies and the seats and things like that and give away
Thousands and thousands of free tickets. That doesn't get the job done
WQAM. Hello. Oh
Our day wasn't complete without old Ron. That's old Ron from the Paul and Ron show
Oh, I can't wait you know something that book now don't forget tomorrow just facts because I don't want to have I might not be in
in house
You might be in hospital
I might be in hospital right they do say that I know I watch a lot of Canadian chose right they go to hospital
I'm on the bridge say that too for whatever reason, but anyway, I guess that's why the Canadians do it
We still got the Queen on the $20 bill
Just the just the effects you know just the before things everything here will go over them in the morning
No, but I'm telling them I'm gonna want those though. I'm gonna want the highlights all right
Don't say save everything there because then you'll leave me in suspense
And I'll be wondering what some people make bonus did run all by important because the room where I'm here
Is that that jinks and texts or whatever their names is from Jacksonville in the last trend they kicked their ass
Yeah, actually they um did not that with their redneck advice show
Whatever the thing is but it is that's the only thing that's yeah default morning show for like of anything better
What's the fault with that
Because everything else sucks right so there you go jinks in the link are kicking Paul and Ron's ass
And of course they probably thought when Stern went off the other market. Oh, we're gonna come it
You know they're gonna put us on big and we're gonna really it's just it's just amazing
It's astonishing and if you really check out that nifty super talk radio 940 website
Promoting their mishmash of air America and then this guy me afternoon from from no fork Texas. What's that guy's name Ed what oh
It's sholts it's sholts right
You check out the website. There's going up in there
But thank you for listening to all our sports listeners from Fox and now we're changing the format this week
But we're not gonna plan anything to permanent on here because if air America goes out of business
They will probably change the callers back to WRFS and put Romeo and Chloe back on again. Who knows
If anybody doubts our seriousness when we say the chief general of the anti-crisis of the broadcast business
Trust us when we tell you or not as a case may be good. WQ. I am hello
You think
This is Ricky second offense that he was going to get
Maybe a hefty fine and maybe put on probation
Maybe that's why he's taking off
Something to ponder man and what about maybe be intensive performance enhancing you know what oh no
Big show oh my god, we can only pray not not our wiki Williams
He's you know he wants to go live as like into whatever the hell he wants okay. He has one and he wanted to have to play about these rules you know
What do you think job rule rules suck too many rules man?
Spore the broth
Don't forget this Saturday and promote the hell out of this thing because you told me to okay
Well Josh told me to oh Josh told you to tell me
That's okay to and Miguel told Josh to tell
Clarence to tell you to tell me and berphy told Clarence to tell
The girl join George this Saturday to to for at Riva Motorsports segue located in a black north of Sanford road in
I'm Dixie highway and
While you're there you can register to win a free segue human transportation device those neat little things
It's like zip you all around the QM QDs will be there and food will be provided by Atlantic City stuff get there really for the food because
No matter where George goes they always pop up that food real early as soon as whoever you know, I was not there anymore either Atlantic City stuff
He's there
Spread that room around that I was no longer there who now who is there do we know who the person?
There's a couple guys that are contact people there, but I can't remember their names
Well find out who they are. Maybe they happen to be nice guys the food. There is excellent sure
Spectral sandwiches. I used to enjoy so much the name is a letter still on the bulletin board back there
That was my favorite. Yeah, it's still there. They want to buy my eating those fat pills
That was worth great. Hey speaking of food
See I've been speaking about food love and not eating lately. I'm just doing fantastic
I've lost that I've lost that urge man that sugar thing. It was killing me gonna put me in the box
I blood sugar was sensational. I bet you within a week. I'm not taking any more glenys no more blood sugar medication at all
I'm gonna like a half a pill a day like nothing
If you're tired of hearing about the low-carb epidemic that's going on if you tried to cook for it
Then wasted the money hated the food and didn't even get the results you were looking for you heard us talk on a show about balance for life
For a long time now for a coons age if come up with an unbelievable way
To afford the program for five dollars off the regular daily price
This is not a special. This is for real a lifetime membership to balance for life any time you want to enjoy the service
You can resign at the membership price. What if I told you that you can have the company prepare three meals in two snacks every day
Well, that's what they do
What if I told you that all the meals are based on the successful zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears
What if I told you that they'll even deliver it right to your doorstep?
What if I told you they give you a menu so you can make your own choices
By the way that the only company that's have choices for each meal
What if I told you that you will lose weight if you stick to it that you will lower your cholesterol that you will lower your blood pressure
And that it will help your diabetes. I know it sounds too good to be true
But it is true because we got a lot of folks out there losing weight like crazy on balance for life
In fact, they're losing an average of 15 pounds per month
You could be doing the same. So why wait call right now toll free 1 866
2 2 5 4 3 3 say it again 1 866
2 2 5 4 3 4 3 or even easier go to their website balance for life dot com
You wrote the other day while out duck hunting with a judge
What?
Thank you very much the FCC
Thank you very much for finding me
5,000 bucks a week so I'm really out of luck
That's more than high the price was judging me
So thank you very much the FCC
For proving that free speech just isn't free
Clear channels a dear channel so how it's turn must go
A turn a general hash crop doesn't like strong words and so
He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rushly low
So you want so very much
So you very much dear Mr. Bush
For he'll row a curl is sitting on your torch
Reddome for halibut and run all the companies
Let's send them a clear signal and stick Martha straight in jail
He's an upper to you rich rich and at least he isn't
So you want so very much
So you think
I'm
You and everything you do
Your pace maker must be a faith you haven't got a lot
That's why I'm concerned you're just a face you face so far
I'm asked for con believe that she's a little intellectual
So you're so very much
So you very much
keep the egg
For giving all the askers oil away
It really is a flummer when I come to my home
The ozone and no go zone now that I'm all here to say
So you care with the games are going to pay rent in LA
So you also very much
So what the planet fails let's say the great white male
You also very much
27 or two mad dog at two o'clock
Saul and all rights Bush surpasses Reagan worst president in US history. Oh
Email is great. He says it offers opportunities to vote for almost everything and win prizes
You can't see me bella on your favorite brand of condom or president of the US
On you can vote for anything.com or some such website
So give promises of thousands of dollars deposit in your account and play video blackjack
While voting for the best and worst presidents
These votes count about as much as my November votes but voting is fun even virtual voting
So I chose George W. Bush as worth
Worst present US history. How will the rest of America judge him?
Bush dies of premature salinity led by the media fundamentalist clergy and political manipulators
The nation officially remembered him as the liberator of Iraq and savior of the US
From Iraqi strongman Sodom who say in the threat weapons of mass destruction likes to the terrorist al-Qaeda
When no weapons materialized Bush
Pettula and they told an Oak Ridge Tennessee crowd image alive
So I had a choice to make even take the word of a madman or defend America given that choice. I will defend America
Historians will know how credit bush for his unique forms of verbal expression
And as the economic wizard whose tax cuts magically helped them poor by giving some of their mind to the rich
The moralist who tried desperately to stop gay marriages and offered cash incentives for poor heterosexuals to marry
Bush surpassed Reagan and catering to his alter right wing constituencies wishes
By opposing stem cell research and other useful projects he incurred the wrath of scientists including Nobel laureates
They complain about Bush using religious dogma to interfere with scientific research
But Bush stood up to them despite even Nancy Reagan's support of stem cell research
Bushes are past Reagan's anti-environmental vision
Reagan's senior to corporate wishes don't spend money on areas that don't yield profits on the environment
Bush even looked beyond earth's environment to Mars where he wants to launch settlements
Bush also went beyond Reagan and diminishing meaningful parts of government public education health transportation
Does Reagan deserve some credit for Bush's accomplishments when Reagan seemingly in
Interminable funeral in last month
I said to myself that the public now won't have the gipper to kick around until of course the fifth 20th and 25th anniversaries of his death
That's the way history gets reported in the age of TV news
Instead of reminding the public about the impact of Reagan's needs on nation the environment and the world
Punished politicians and preachers offered factless eulogies
Exhauding the virtues of a present who showed us how charming distortion could be a history and how elegantly
Idiocy could be phrased posing as fact
Who could not marvel at Reagan's proclamation? We stole the Panama Canal and its ours
Or the Sandinistas are a two-day march from Harlingham, Texas
A few ill-human residents of Harlingham didn't laugh one witty line
The countries are the moral equivalent of our founding fathers confused the finest scholars
Did Reagan did not know that the countries tortured and murdered civilians as instructed by their CIA manuals
Or did he mean that the founding fathers advocated murder and torture?
Reagan also showed loyalty. He's getting a raw deal. He said in 1985 of Guatemala and president general
Efrain Rios Morit accused of having authorized the slaughter of thousands of Guatemalans
Whose massive evidence to support the charges and he pardoned the rank of the federal and from his own administration
Well-intentioned guys. I'm not going to read the rest of it because I'm not reading well. I'm just like
So long for I read it too fast. It's on our website. Saul Landau, Bush of passes Reagan. Worst present in US history
Right preceding him
5670560 pound 560 on it. It's just that when you try to read too fast you look at the clock
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, and you fumble in your bumble and no you don't know what I'm saying because you know you don't read these
Why don't you fumble in them? I'm pulling down. Yeah, it's just too long
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line searching for the reason that Ricky Williams is departing
Why would anybody want to leave such a fantastic place?
Paradise go to QA and hello
Hey, how you doing pretty good?
Hey, me and Ricky Williams were smoking a joint here the day we got to think in if our rick's stances caught syphilis would that make him a dirty stances?
Hello, that was pretty good
Well, then you got to explain dirty stances. Yeah
We're we're on the outside looking in. Well, I don't think I can on the air. Well, I mean try to try to use a little bit of
imagination right
All right, let's go with oh
His name is Rick, okay, he doesn't even know anybody ever see I'm not gonna ask that question either
Because I know the answer
And it just keeps getting deeper. Where's the shovel so I can do my way out
Man, oh man am I glad we got it of this not
Let's take a look at that poor result
I don't think anybody will move the guy the car called him that on the way out, you know
What a fuck yeah
Why do you think Ricky Williams is retiring that's our poll question today 725 not a bad total of votes
He just wants to smoke weed 342. He don't want anymore those damn drug tests
Economic political and social views leaving ordinary citizens defend for themselves on important matters like
Healthcare and retirement security
Now since most Americans aren't that far to the right
Our friends have to portray us Democrats is simply unacceptable
Lacking in strength and values
In other words
They need a divided America
But we don't
Nice going Baba or he was great last night. I wish you the scene
Me too. Can you turn it on? I mean, I know you're all like 10 pieces of one big to you
Can you imagine the scene if I had reached for one of those TVs and changed the whole of all game?
Achilles take two. Oh my goodness. Oh my god. Sorry
Anyway, just want to smoke a little gong 246 on a Ricky Williams thing
I don't give a crap 114 say that 15 to half percent of just sick and tired of all of this
And Ricky and Willie Williams all of this swill they have had it
Because the coaches of Boso 80
He wants to open a gay karaoke bar in Tokyo 65 and then of course
37
He's off to us straighter with his average and he friend 28
He started getting slapped on the SBOT big sweaty men 26 he wants to have oh day find a real killer 19
Where he wants to do something meaningful with his life not just play a bunch of silly-ass games only 18
Not to promising
Nobody Q way him. Hello
Yeah, great
Oh, listen, our frankings
So I'm happy on and I have to like a scoop in my ass. We've seen them and nobody said anything
Yeah, that's what I hear that that's the topic of conversation is on the al frankings or we there's nothing
That's the spirit for something
Nothing
Small talk. Yeah, chatter banter right and I'm not Bill or Raleigh and not Russian I'm not Russian not Bill or Raleigh and I'm not
Creator Taining is really soon
Yeah, anyway, 20 all to it 560 Q I am
You know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
Your listening to the athlete title and I'm frankin show
The flagship show of air America
Um, I have a comedy bit here. Oh, that's the wrong one. What you
Heritage
Ah, that was that sent to me from August Belch who lives across from the
Pizza town USA and Garfield, New Jersey a very very
talented individual. Thank you for that. Oh, we have my old friend Tom Davis on the phone
Hi, Tom. I can't believe how bad this is just
It's awful. Yeah, I'm ashamed of never being associated with you. Well the latest arbitrage shows us as
Number one against dinner
That Tom always such a panic
Joining me in a studio today and sitting across the desk from me is the author of deep fried ham and butter beans
I miss Deli-ray. Hi, Deli. So the you think push is a liar
I'm choosing maybe so fun
Wow, it's nice to know that you're still alive. You look very child. You like some McRuin cheese
I've got some cooking right off the uh
Oh
Make me not
So when
When I
Then
It's just amazing how people you never really cared about all that much before suddenly are transformed into the people you just
Are wild about like Deli. Yeah, and mo
Ingeuldi
147 and 560 wqm the mad dog who's gonna be really a whipped up into a frenzy you turn about the rickie
Williamson now that we finished with day after day after day of us now
We are the worm turns in a different direction speaking of that the worm turning
Britney's wedding now is this cabala cabala
Cabala cabala cabala see I don't know anything about that that juice stuff
Britney Spears whose first marriage in January lasted just 55 hours is to wed again in a cabala ceremony
Friends say the 22-year-old singer was set aside a weekend in the Audemarie fiance Kevin Fetterline who she began dating April. He's Jewish
Circumcised
What it will be the it will be the first celebrity cabala marriage and could take place beneath a traditional Jewish canopy known as the Chupa
Cabala
Cabala
How do you say that?
I have to ask you about Jewish things if it's pronounced Chupa
Cabala
Maybe it's Copa
No, I don't know what that is the Jewish canopy known as the Chalupa
with wedding
Wedding vows inspired by the cult religion the fate taken up by miss Spears is also favored by Madonna
Tyruchy and Demi Moore well that explains his all my questions
Miss Spears parents are said to be horrified at the prospect and is devout Baptist urging her to plan a ceremony reflecting their fate
How do you like that the glam are whipped up into a frenzy about this?
There's some resistance from her family sit a friend
But maybe there's a way to incorporate elements from both faith to make everybody happy
The singer was turned to cabala after a dramatic few months in which a senior cancel the world tour following in the injury
Now she's fallen for 26 year old federal line a dancer whose ex-girlfriend char jaxon gave birth only last week to a second child
That you're gonna run you know it's her fourth child and his second yes, and nobody is married yet
Yeah following a number of failed romances miss Spears said of early is done with federal line that she kissed a lot of frogs and finally found her prints
Oh God
She's kissed a lot of frogs and finally found a prince
The stresses of the past year have already taken their toll on poor britain
She was photographed earlier this month apparently unfit overweight and with pimples on her
face
Now back in the day wouldn't have said face I would have said something else, but I probably won't now
Their first wedding earlier this year was how the derogatory know that Jason Alexander and she said oh take a look at that and got ran away
So they're getting married underneath the canopy known as the chalupa
What is that?
Hupa?
Hushy chupa?
I don't know cabra
Who the hell know?
I have no idea what I know what it means
Spanish
I don't want to hear it
5670560 pound five I think it was what that guy was trying to call for Sanchez
pound 560 on the APFB and Verizon wireless line
Here's our only call right now QA and hello
Put George on his little power
Oh God the whisper I haven't heard from him in a coupons age you know what?
I have oh have you really every day when he likes you a lot and what we will put your adronic and tomorrow's a matter of fact that goodness
Thank the Lord yeah, I've been missing him like a gigantic tumor the size of a bowling ball like a boy
It would be great like my boy is here left beautifully was not a tumor was not a
Chanker it was not whatever else they were trying to say what were they saying?
They assist assist yeah and assist is something you give when somebody scores a goal okay
God WQA and hello
QA and hello hola
Hello hey my manager yes sir speaking how are you you know I want to tell you every time I see and speak
Russell Simmons I don't know if you had a cap for you and talk but he was interviewed yesterday by
Chris Matthew Russell Simmons
Russell Simmons oh he got the death comedy jam oh I see
and
and
I didn't hear anybody off I guess that was it well what did I say to scare him off all I said was who the hell is that
I guess now we know somebody QA and hello
The guy that the Moe is it Moe
Bandy what is that guy that they had on CNN last night that screaming flaming queen a king keeps putting on what what is the
No no yeah, both needles the illegitimate brother
Where did they find where they dig up these people nothing like just making us you know here
Here's probably the most important presidential election in the history of this country I would say and a lot of other people agree
And what we we air me rack oh every goofball because television will never change it's always just it's like a carnival like a circus like
Howard Beel would say if he could you think he could if he was I guess he could have been we're still alive
I'm a man
152 at 560 QAM
We're supporting you 560 QAM
Don't lie
All the Harper
is
The
presidency
with President of the
F**k
What the f**k
Oh what I did to the
Woke on small
And get the wheel
You'll vote it for
Why?
Yeah, you want this?
Don't come to the lips
Drumming stupidly
Don't come to the lips
Find this drunk in rich kid
Don't come to the lips
He's even
Other than me
He's President of the
F**k
Yeah, don't care what it's all
You got a meal by hooker
And roll the Christmas roll
And hold what's best
You and I will help the fears
We've got a great leader here
With President
F**k
And I will help the
President
F**k
158 and 560
Woke on big red screen
Dr. Fax, he says it's a
A lot of long-democrat
I was never so proud of my party as I was last time
I would agree with that it was pretty impressive
Al Gore was dignified
Hillary was unchirically restrained
Bill gave one of the great speeches of his
He said, I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
I'm not a bad guy
Because the coaches of Bozo 82
Which goes without saying
He wants to open a karaoke bar in Tokyo 67
And of course
37 too much attention for old
That's right
Get him back in the limelight
He's tired of getting slapped on the S by big sweaty men 29
He's off to Australia with his average and he friend 28
He wants to do something meaningful
Not just play games 23
He wants to help OJ find a real killer out on the course of course
22
