Oh
Nobody told you about that lot of bottoming Greg's getting around I guess not
Nice going lightning baby
degrees
You
There they roam, all that noise in the afternoon
Those who came up hope that they'll be gone soon
We read eyes in a scary face
That's the thing that we've buzzed
They're all over the place
It's the greatest I'm out in my yard
A falter fill up in more trash bags
What's the greatest all over the East
If that's the trope, please I'm the bone
The infestation I'm taking these buzz
If I see any more I'll be crying
Instrumentation, calm out and spray
Get way to these things start dying
What's the obsession with hokey?
The lightning hit off
Or on a hot beach for 15 seconds
The lightning, or just 12 seconds away
And here comes the countering of Ryan's spoiler
They're all over the line
Leo Paul is heading for the net
He won't get a chance to play
The security guard is coming
The door is open
The captain is out there
The lightning hit off
The Stanley Cup was right
Now I'm off
Come on, gentlemen
I see we can still play that drop in as long as you have a lot of noise in the back
All right, I like that noise, that horn
Or you want to hear more?
Yeah
I think that's the end of the horn
Anyway, how about those lightning?
How even George is whipped up about that?
It's a Florida thing
Oh, well it's really not
It's really not because there's no connection between South Florida and Tampa
But you know, we'll latch on
We'll latch on for a few hours
I was rooting for him
Pretty heavy duty
It wasn't a really good game because there were almost no shots
But it was just so desperate
And they were just clutching and grabbing and tackling and holding
And just, it was, and then, Vini, Vini, Vini, what a play he made
And Ruzlan Fettetanko gets both goals and Brad Richards is the MVP
The conspire trophy
Nice going boys, eh?
And of course the Panther organization had brought in Rick Dudley
Who was supposed to be the architect of the Tampa Bay franchise
That went from obscurity to winning the Stanley Cup
And the Rick Dudley, of course, won't see him no more at any rate
Speaking of psychedis, I don't think Florida's got psychedis, do we?
I haven't seen any, but we have lovebugs
You love them
No, you know what I'm talking about?
We have no seals
We have lovebugs in May and October
Haven't you ever driven up like to Disney or somewhere?
Herbie the lovebugs?
In May or October, you don't know what lovebugs are?
I don't know
Oh my god, you've got to be kidding me
Oh my god
Holy moly, this man is living in Florida for the last 75 years
He doesn't know what lovebugs are
I'm sure it's been a million of them off my windshield
But I don't ask their names when they are so I see
Oh I see, so you do know what they are
And that's one of the horrors of driving in May and October
And are lovebugs anywhere else?
I think Florida is a Florida thing, kind of like Bufo Toads
Well we do have that swan
Thanks again to the University of Miami from bringing those a Bufo Toads in from South America
And some of them got off hopped out of their cartons and out when they brought the plane
And that's his real story
And they got out of the glades and they started reproducing like crazy
That's why your dogs you die because the University of Miami
Speaking of dying, here's the bad news from over there
US soldiers serving in Baghdad died after collapsing while on guard duty
The American military said yesterday
The soldier in the first cavalry division lost consciousness
Stop breathing while 11 a.m. on Sunday
Soldiers death under investigation
Daytime temperatures are already over 100 degrees in Iraq every day
Two car bombs shook the northern Iraqi cities of Bakuba and Mosul today killing at least 14 Iraqis in one US soldier
At least 126 people wounded including 10 US soldiers
The three Italian hostages they've been released
Aren't you excited about that?
Oh yeah, it's goodness
Vinny Simo, the three hostages have been released, the Italians, the Agreespalls
On our beaded curtain, well let's give the poll results for me yesterday
First boy, do we have a response on this or what?
I have got, I'm going to tell you something
Tell me if you know about this one story
This British rock star, a morissie
You know who he is?
Sure
He formerly the singer of the
But what was it?
Smiths
Right
Right
Have you ever heard about this story?
You were out the mop in the floor or something while I found this
We'll get to it
Got some heavy, heavy, do these stuff
Since 1960, who do you think was our worst present?
Now we did the best present between 10 and unias today for a couple of hours
And bubble one hands down, Bill Clinton had over 62% of vote
W didn't barely registered on a Richter's Fair on that poll
But contrair, 1791 votes on this poll which is just shattering, it's just mind boggling
Our worst present since the Eisenhower, Bush too, Georgia W Bush
1243 votes, 60, 69.4%
I think he's a disaster, including morissie by the way, wait till you hear his comments
What he did
Bush, 225, Carter, 191, poor Jimmy Carter, little peanut farmer from planes, Georgia
I think he was from Aintree myself
Ever see him in the Beasley's together?
Or the Benjo boy
Clinton, that's a Beasley
Clinton, 113, that's the Clinton vassiers, the Bubba vassiers, they're out there
Nixon 69, Reagan 57
Which again, actually it's surprising it was that high considering all the nonstop coverage that's just going on
Be able to get in
Oh brother
And I hate to break the news here but there's nobody in that casket
Oh no
Nobody in there, it's just a dummy
Oh no, I'm not a ghost
I don't see, I mean there are people still marching by but like you know what I mean?
And why?
And why are these punks, why are these kids walking by?
They're what the hell do they know about Ronnie Reagan?
They heard stories
They don't even have their Rolex watch and all the other, see that was the age of materialism under Reagan when the poor were a bunch of bastards who were ripping off society
And all the, you know, smaller government to him meant like not taking care of anybody
Like the Bushmeister says the haves and the have a lot
And any rate, Nixon 69, Reagan 57 is our worst LBJ39, Ford 31, Jerry Ford
Bush 1 had
And JFK only 19, of course we know that none of those people speak English
Now let me just say this about that
As JFK would say
Okay
I've discovered here in the midst of an article that really I didn't think I would find anything about
I got it here for another reason, it's on our website and I'll get to it
Where it says cracks showing in GOP's Cuban American base
This is pretty interesting, maybe Muffin Claret saw to be paying attention to this but I doubt that they're probably playing a grandmatch in the hall
Sports, but the reason that the Spanish language stations are going up
It's not because of a built-hander conspiracy, it's not because Arbatron can't find anybody who speaks English but
I want you to listen to this one very short sentence
Okay, these two short sentences
Florida's population is, when you shut up and listen, Florida's population is grown by more than a million since the last presidential election
A 6.5% increase from 2000 to July 2003 that could transform the state's electorate from April 2000 to July 2002
Nearly half those new residents were Hispanic according to the most recent numbers from the Census Bureau
Did you know that?
See very quietly, where are these people coming from? Not from Cuba?
No, the South Americans
No, the Latin Americans, the other coming from Central America, South America
Sure
And you got Agua?
I've been seeing you for a while
I mentioned that, so now we understand that the reason that the Spanish language stations are having this tremendous resurgence in just soaring is because
And of course the most recent emigres, the most recent Hispanics to come in, they certainly can't expect them to be listening to the English language stations, right?
Right
So we understand that, as opposed to the old banana boat people from 44 years ago who have no excuse anymore but just are really acceptable
On our speaking of very acceptable Charlize Theron, she's been on her before but that picture today, that is flawless
That picture is flawless
If I were inclined, I'd be sitting here with my nose right on it
And you'll be inclined
And I've inclined
I see
Any mail listening to me right now or anywhere in the world who takes a look at that picture behind our beaded curtain today on theorongers.com
And doesn't want to be laying right there on that bed right next to Charlize when he or it or way seven in the morning
I find it astonishing shocking in fact all I can say is
You're gay
Yeah, I just wanted to know
There you go
Charlize Theron, I don't know, nobody needs an introduction but I did it anyway because I'm just in the habit of doing this
And there might be some people out there who don't know who she is but I find that very very difficult to believe
Born August 7th 1975 which makes her 29 this August, almost 29
Still 28
She's an African-American
She was born in Benoni South Africa grew up on a farm outside the Benoni as a child as a child
Let's see movies coming up next year she's already got two class action and A on fruit
Thie we talked about that can't wait
Heds in the clouds head in the clouds. Oh I roll back in the day. I might have said something about that
That's in post-production so that's coming out any moment head in the clouds
Yeah
I want you to say that movie right though
What A on
Flux
Okay
I'm just making fun of
I thought you were afraid to say it
Flux
Okay
I think you're gonna be in a state of flux if you say it one more time
Life and death of Peter Sellers made for TV movie with Bridekland
Oh no she played Bridekland
I see
Good choice
I guess
Monster what we know about that
Didn't she win the Oscar for something?
She won some award, keep it up
The Italian job
Waking up in Reno
Oh I think the Janet was pleased to hear that
Trapped
The curse of the Jade Scorpion
Oh she's been in a million things. She's got a long long list for a young person man. She's been around
She's got the legend of Bagger Vance
Now what was that? I feel like saw that
No you you
Luckily avoided it you would have remembered it because it's a Will Smith movie
Oh like I said I'm glad I missed that
Boy do I
I just thought Goal Fies will Smith
And he will Smith
I hate the ground that he walks on about
I don't know why I just can't stand him
He's such an arrogant bastard
See I would have said the piano I can't say that
Children of the Corn Three
She was in 1995
Well a whole bunch of stuff
Well here you go she was the best actress
76th Annual Academy Awards
Golden Globe
She's been all over the place
She'll be Theron and there's a magnificent picture behind a beaten curtain
We're going to get to the good stuff after the break
Here's today's pool
Because yesterday the worst president cut such a tremendous response
How about the most over not the worst
But who's the most overrated movie actor or actress of all time
And we start with a very short list
And we're not putting Ronnie Reagan on there
Because that would be almost as bad taste as the 85 articles I have today
Ripping him in an ass and exposing the real Reagan
See this idea that we all have to be
Oh we have to be so respectful
Why do we have to respect somebody that a lot of us didn't respect
Like the way he did like poison
And the answer is I won't and I don't
They have been
I hope the worms are already inside that box
Who is the most overrated movie actor or actress of all time
John Wayne
Marilyn Monroe
James Dean
Or Robert De Niro
That's our short list and you can add to it as we go along
Now we got something big coming up today
Join QAM in the real yellow pages from Bell South this afternoon
Noon to One
At A. Aventura Cower-Prytacare Center
Is Josh gonna be in on that?
No, I'm not taking the bait this time
Located at 204-75 Bis game boulevard
Stopped to pick up ticket
Might get a free adjustment over there
Might crack your back
Jack
Noon to One at A. Aventura Cower-Prytacare Center
204-75 Bis game boulevard
Stopped to pick up tickets to an upcoming Marlon's home game
That's Noon to One today
It should be a hoot
My
And Lowell
This is 4305-60
Holy Makin' on!
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God
Ooh, I do not have heard they made a switch
A rock pass, a new president
A tall man accepting this
I hear this word out on the street
Got a big surprise waiting for
This new government's working on a car bomb
This is a working on a car bomb
Yeah, step inside and say bye-bye
I have a car bomb
Maybe you're not limousine, this is a car bomb
Yeah, these loyalists will hit your heart
I reckon a place to be
If you're some political star
Get me your car ain't always cool
So have this sofa getting first
Don't you be a boy?
Get it on a car bomb
This is a working on a car bomb
Yeah, turn that key on history
Get it on a car bomb
New president's better watch out for those car bombs
Yeah, oh my God
10.19 at 5.60 WQAM
Take a look at the schedule today
It looks like a pristine like a real day for the first time in a long time
Everybody's working today
We had Moe and the Geldie this morning
The big dog, the little dog, whatever
The blockhead dog Joe was on at 8
And then we got over here
Mad Dog at 2, the Humper at 4.0.630
From the heart, seminal heart rock casino
Where they're packing them in
6.30, it's Marlon on 10, Marlon's on deck
Marlon's at the Indian 70580 camp to the game
So we got everybody except the big
Who knows nothing about horse racing
And it's proud to tell you that
So I don't understand why he's talking about it
Don't talk about anything you don't know about
Okay, big, you clown, you silly person, you
Guess what we do have on our website today
What do we have on our website today?
We got the link to the Michael Moore trailer for Fahrenheit 9-11
So when you go to neo-rogges.com
When you're through perusing Charlize Theron, which might take a while
But when you're through with that
Take a look at the top of our webpage there
Take a look at the homepage
And you'll see a link to Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9-11 trailer
I mean, I can play the audio but doesn't have the same pick as seen it
Especially the very ass end when he's playing golf
Oh, box this drive
Abu Garravia
So anyway, Manchester Music Legend Morrissey sparked controversy
When he announced Ronald Reagan's death live on stage during a concert
And then declared he wished it was George Bush who would died instead
Thousands of fans had Dublin, Castle and Ireland cheered
When the ex-smith's frontman made the announcement that the former American president
Who had battled with Alzheimer's disease had passed away
And an even bigger cheer followed when Morrissey who was no stranger to controversy
Then said he wished it had been the correct present George Bush who would died instead
Fan Tony Murray said he commented about the death of Ronald Reagan
And when he said he wished it was George W instead the crowd went wild
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Abu Garravia
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
They're not too well-liked
In the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the past, the
past, the past, the past, the past, why right no one from all of this working or needing to do it love bitterly are always dull.
lifestyle,我们 animations speak hour for hour for day everything that comes from the words that come with sense and romanism arise.
Where at war there's no doubt about it what I don't know anymore is just who the enemy might be since one troubled White House aid
We seem to spend more time trying to destroy John Kerry than Al Qaeda and our enemies list just keeps growing and growing
Aid say the president gets hung up on minor details micro managing to the extreme while ignoring the bigger picture
He'll spend hours personally reviewing and approving every attack and against his democratic
Ad against his democratic opponent and then kiss off a meeting on economic issues
This is what's killing us on a rack one aid says we lost focus the president got hung up on the weapons of mass destruction and an
Unproven link to Al Qaeda we could have found other justifiable reasons for the war but the president insisted the focus
They on those two tenuous items
Aides who raised questions quickly find themselves shut out of access to the president or other top advisors among top officials
Bush's inner circle is shrinking
Secretary of State Powell has fallen out of favor because of his growing doubts about the administrations who are against Iraq
The presidents abrupt dismissal of C.I. director George tenant Wednesday night is aides saying example of how he works
Tenant wanted to quit last year, but the president got his back up and wouldn't hear of it says an aid
That would have been the opportune time to make the change not in the middle of an election campaign
But when the director challenged the president during the meeting Wednesday the president cut him off by saying that's it
George I cannot abide this loyalty. I want your resignation and I want it now
Tenant was allowed to resign voluntarily and Bush informed his shocked staff of the decision Thursday morning
One aides says the president actually described the decision as God's will
God may also be the reason attorney general John Ascroft administration is lightning rod because of his
Questionable actions that critics argue threatened freedom is granted by the Constitution remains part of the power elite
West Wing staffers call Bush and Ascroft the Blues Brothers because they're on a mission from God
The attorney general is tight with the president because of religion says one a they both believe any action is justifiable in the name of God
But the president who says he rules at the b-s of God can also tongue-lash those he perceives as this loyal calling them effing
Holes in front of the other staff be raiding one cabinet official in front of others and labeling anyone to disagree with him on pay
Fuyatech or anti-American that was effing
Holes the mood here is that we're under siege. There's no doubt about it says one trouble later admits
He's looking for work elsewhere and this administration. You don't have to wear a turbiner speak far see to be an enemy of the US
All you have to do is disagree with the president
I do like that a little bit unsettling ain't it when you say killing a little bit on the disturbing side
I would say
Yeah
I'm like that huh on the disturbed side. Yeah a little under the strife see a air what's his name?
Josh hasn't written Robert the hero on there yet which is your choice. Oh, I forgot to tell him it's my bad
Oh, well, I wrote the list there. He should have been a hop and right on it man
He should have been right on the edge of the seat. It's either that or after that carer practical in one of the others your choice
So far 25 votes who is the most overrated movie actor actress of all time James Dean 11 John Wayne 9 Merlin Merlin Merlin Merlin
Merlin Merlin. Oh, that's the only three honor because I'm Ramlin, but I think it was pretty important Ramlin stuff so far
And there's only one call anyway WQ I am yeah, it takes the narrow off the list in replacement with Kevin Costner Kevin Costner is good
Okay, well, what do you mean we take him off the list? We're not taking him off the list. I told you I'd get some crap
He was great in his time, but lately
He's made a lot of crap and he's become kind of like like you said a parody of himself
So we're adding Kevin Costner on here. I'm gonna change my vote. God. That's a good one
No, I can't stand Kevin Costner. He's just so boring man. He's just he's terminal. He's kind of like the
Dave Van Boring of the silver screen. He should stick to directing and not be in his own movies. Who Dave Van Boring? Yeah
26 past 10 at 560 WQ way. Hey, let me tell you about your feet right now no matter how big or small they are
How many smell the place you want to take him as Brandy's and Pompato beats because for years and years now
Brandy's has been the place to go for top quality name brands use it unbeatable prices the staff there knows your feet inside and out
The experts you just don't wander around aimlessly in the store and at Brandy's will find top quality names like rockport floor shum essay as
Sphery Timberland naturalizer and lots more all the big names in a business
It was Brandy's humongous selection. You can just about bet mose life on it that whatever you're looking for
They got it in your size on the shelf right now
And fact people usually buy several pair of needs visit because the deals are so great
Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 some days 10 to 5 and you'll find them at 1290
North Federal Highway in Pompato beats it's always worth the trip from anywhere in South Florida and just in time for Father's Day step up to
Floor Shime all great floor shime styles are 20% off right now
So come into the store or check them out on the web at Brandy's shoes dot com
The world has never known
Oh hello how it's there now one secret government agency
Welcome to the federal community
It was like a bad black man
Just stand and get stabbed you must put your hands on the pants of the woman
Never done it
No band from a radio near you well guess what here's some good news
Janet Jackson's nipple slip and bono is a word show exploits notwithstanding the prospects for any serious legislation clamping down on broadcast and Z
Decency seem to be fading all right
While the House of Representatives in March passed a bill by a photo 391 to 22 a staggering vote that would greatly increase the financial penalties on
Broadcasters found to have violated so-called standards of decency the Senate after some early blustering seem to be losing interest
According to the New York Times a measure approved by the Senate Commerce Committee is yet to be scheduled for discussion by the full body
One reason for this delay and bringing the bill to the Senate floor is the slim majority held by Republicans who may not want to invest too much political capital on such a divisive issue
Additionally the Senate version of the anti-indecency legislation contains some highly
controversial provisions including one that would seek to curb violent content on television not just sex and swearing that the House bill explicitly avoided
Plus the issue of the war in Iraq especially the prisoner abuse scandal Abu Garrabe has overshadowed the Super Bowl halftime show
There's some concern on Capitol Hill that politicians who push too hard on the decency issue
May's Ray risk appearing to have their priorities out of whack the time said no kidding no Schmidt
This looks like a cheap date to me observed Charles Cook the editor of the Cook Political Report a nonpartisan political newsletter
You come out for mother to apple pie in decency and you know it's not going anywhere
Well put right
Who wants to come off for indecency for a spot for all those terrible things all those words?
Yeah, Phil
Gene Hackman somebody says they see it's not important whether we agree or disagree because a lot of these suckers for a poll today
Will disagree with but Gene Hackman I'd like Gene Hackman a lot
I think he's one of the great actors of all time. Oh, do I know I might be a moron for example
What's important is that we spend five minutes arguing about each and every entry? No, I don't have five minutes to argue about each year
I got too many fish to fry today. I got a lot of him
You do these stuff a lot of reading to do it's a good thing that my blood sugar was nice and low this morning
And I'm very articulate and my tongue is not wrapped around the corners of my teeth et cetera you have those days, you know
Sure, oh, it's a good there. You got a sore James Dean's got 21. No, I don't have a sore. Maybe you have a sore
It sounds like a chirpy to me sometimes
Sounds like oral syphilis to me James Dean 21 John Wayne 16 Maryland Monroe 11
Kevin Coste or nine and Robert De Niro's got one only one and that was your vote right right also blended on George
If you were pissed off about Robert De Niro being on list of people love him
Yeah, I understand the point in fact
I would also put on there and people are get really crazy about this
But if you want to put on people who become parodies in themselves and have done anything good in a long time
How about Al Pacino, right?
I'm not gonna say Al Pacino. Well, I just did it to say Robert De Niro. I'll say Al Pacino, okay?
Oh my god. No, that's what I'm saying
In fact, I think it started with that set of a woman crap. Oh, man
That I think you need to see that someday just to appreciate how bad it is if it's raining on a Saturday and nothing else is on
Oh, yeah, it's like the end of the world or something like that
Now what what is this?
Florida's Latino vote in 2004 somebody just fact in some cool there everybody's got a pool
So to speak can I say that anymore?
Everybody's got a
Bush and Florida partly and respond what is NDN? I don't know what that is
Huh, I don't know. Oh, well, I would help the end the end is great Spanish language and campaign partly response to shifting demographics
Cubans born in Cuba
Bush 80 Carrie 12 Cubans born in the US Bush 33 Carrie 54
Well, what kind of a poll is that you're only talking about the 150 people?
What I got my poll is that
Jesus god almighty percentages are it does have the thing about population growing? Huh?
Are those not percentages listed there? Oh, I see well, it doesn't say that it doesn't I just thought that this was a little like I said
This is a great fact. Thank you so much. I don't know
It's just the way it's written. I mean look at it. You see what I'm saying looks like those are numbers
If it will look like percentages Cuban now now it has some great significance like I said
Cubans born in Cuba bush 80% carry 12% what doesn't it say that for Christ's and Cubans born in the US Bush 33%
Carrie 54%
Now that's the sea
Times are a change in
This is the programming the brainwashing ain't taken ain't hold well
That's because the people have come from Latin America. They are part of that
Fidero the all of that crap, you know come on Easter. That's all in the past. They don't care about these
They remember Nicaragua. I guarantee if you took a poll in Latin America about Ronald Reagan
They wouldn't be watching so enthusiast get a moisture. Yeah
Take a poll down and Grenada see how they're doing with the old hand Grenada
Florida's population has got the same line and here's grown more than a million since last election
6.5% increased nearly half of those new residents were his spaniak no spaghetti English
speaking of Bonnie be getting Bonnie man as a matter of fact
I think that that puts me right over the edge right now. Okay. I think that convinces me format change
It's the first part that keeps going on in English language spot. That's bad. Well, I'll get back to it
But it's a brass pot. You'll be pleased about that
So how do you like that?
There you go
Let's get a lot of that see a cruise crap on your all right. Let's get to some of these polls get some names some of these call
WQA him hello
Yeah, you got three for your poll. Yes, sir
Julia Roberts. Julia Roberts. A lot of people can't stand her. Okay. Thank you so much
I mean, I like Julia Roberts just fine, but I thought sleeping with the enemy was great. You didn't like that movie did you?
No, I liked it fine. Did you? I've seen it the whole bunch of times
I think it's great. I'll go through in that movie
Oh, he's been in the million things that I could ever think of as you was really good
William Charles
William hung he should be after that then when he showed up again the nursing home with her mother that part man
They that was that was really something
Kevin Q a.m. Hello
Hi, new matches was just reading an article about the erratic behavior of Bush, right? I don't want to know the source of that
It's from capital hill blue dot com
Capital hill blue dot com right
Is it also one is website? It's on today. It's a lead story. Okay. Thank you very much. Sure
So lead story thanks eric eric found it. I have no idea how he founded especially with a stomach like that, but he found it
But in any way in fact, here's another one Bush knew about leak of CIA operatives name
We'll get to that too also from capital hill blue
We better put a link to that website on there. You know it. I don't want to I don't want to create too much work
Now I don't want to push him a little bit too far
Then I'll hand the keys to the kingdom over to Josh which is long overdue by the way
WQ a.m. Hello
Coming for the pool
Yeah, what is it?
Delories
Cannories
Oh piano Reeves. Okay, Delories can't we have same person by the way
He looks lovely with that dress on
Cano Reeves very good. I was a little in coherent. You probably had a pot. I don't know a pot maybe just an ounce
Huh he had a pot
He had a pot to a PN. Well as a matter of fact Josh Beckett will be over before the game
Cano Reeves despised by many. I still say he was really good as different than that one movie that I can never think of the name
See that's what I see it's not a question of just getting old
That's a big part of it the Alzheimer's Ronnie, but it's also the you've seen so many of these damn right
And who can keep one separate from the other they start to just like that thing about Sigourney weaver and alien
I still say they I still say that damn thing came pop it out of her, you know and the alien too
Maybe I'm thinking of a different movie. Maybe it was like Debbie does Dallas. I'm thinking of
21 before 11
How's it coming so far? We didn't got a few names on there. It's building. We're building it nice and slow
Paul building is boring. Come on. You can do a pali pull the building is boring. He'll be here
He's one of my all-time favorites
85 votes James Dean 28
John Wayne 22
Kevin Costner 18 Miriland Monroe 60 the most overrated actor actress of all-time movie actress these we have said movie you notice
Robert's an arrow one not yet for Gene Hackman El Pacino, Julia Roberts, a cano Reeves
Reason I said movie actor actress is because that leaves that are open for doing like TV to kind of a person right see
Oh, but what if they were a both
20 before 11 at 560 that it looked no matter what we do, you know, there's always going to oh gee
Yeah, all the nitpickers other like yesterday. We had like two or three nitpickers well technically, you know
And how come you didn't understand those were percentages on that pull before you moron because I'm that stupid jerk, okay
I'm a moron. I'm an idiot. I'm a fool
Okay radio like we have time to discuss and dissect and figure out what our vast QAM staff
Sports nerds including the big oh admits you don't know nothing about horse racing, but just likes to open up a big gap
I never I never turn this thing on at night when I'm in here
sending their stories on the website
But I happened to open it up last night the pot at about 10-dil-10 and there was the big oh and some
Call or some ask kisser was on her oh and they were ripping you all day because of the stupid things you said about the horse racing
You don't know anything about you admitting and I know nothing about horse racing and blah blah blah
But when it comes to football and the guy was just licking and licking and licking one of I said most callers the talk shows
All they want to do is either one thing and grace you it themselves or take a cheap shot
That's all one of the other everything else is in between in the middle
But that's the overwhelming majority of people are called these stupid ass talk shows is either to let oh suck up
Oh, you're the greatest thing I ever heard or you suck, you know, what is something like that
When quite frankly, I would have rather heard a call or say to Orlando you suck big terrible. You know nothing
Your horse's ass. Put him in a lot more fun
Anyway, let me tell you about Charles Alfier
It's no fun when your hair starts falling out some guys in the early 20s start losing it like Tom Brady for example
He may have two championship rings on his fingers, but he ain't got too much hair on his head
Although he can probably afford to go to Chuck Alphear
I would think you don't have to be a millionaire to do that for more than 35 years
Charlie's been a top-bottom name in the business of getting hair back on your head
He's been on good morning America the today show CBS morning news
In fact, when I think of Tom Brady the word head immediately comes into my mind
Charlie's got the most amazing natural hair line system you'll find anywhere the most critical area of any hair system is that
Hair line and Charlie's new skin like hair system looks like the real thing
It's a hundred percent undetectable and Charlie gives you this guarantee tries her system for
To me please and after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting more action
Then you can even handle return it for a full refund no problem at all
Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and trim
So not to lay call Charlie today and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again forget about those dangerous pills
And all these other schlock mice do so trying to pedal you a big song in advance
Charlie is the best in the world when it comes to getting your hair back for you
Call toll free
1-800-321-2013
That's 1-800-321-2013 or long under their website at Charles Alphearry.com
We're sports video 516-2-AM
That's the only room to run
I'm here in the only
It's the top of the time
It's a great
WQM
WQM
I've got some time
On a cloud in there
But it's cold outside
I've got the book there
ah
Every week on a i that's already had it guy named John Steven
My name is John Steven
Makes every dog in cat how old cuz he's so flat for John Steven
My name is John Steven
Every no that comes out his throat in the note they wrote why the hell is
He's still there
I'm a crewman
Every song seems an hour long every two days wrong he's so bad at tonight man
Oh I'm the other Steven
He's so pale pasty white he's transparent at night that John Steven
Oh I'm the other Steven
He can't sing he can't dance there's no freaking way he should
But
That week after week there's that carats up geek still singing
Appreciate it
Could take years cuz my poor bleeding is still ringing
1047 at 560 WQM most overrated actor somebody says rock Hudson he died by the way in 1985. I looked it up
Because I wanted to find out when Reagan was finally able to break his silence on AIDS and could actually bring himself to say something
1985 it was an office. Let's see since January of 81 it took him four and a half years
For before he could finally even utter the word
Well one of his people from Hollywood died for maids all of a sudden he became this great well kind of like marginal
And most overrated actress rat kel Welch okay. We're talking about acting and building. I would assume
Right correct acting
Speaking of actors bad actors Bush knew about leak of CIA operatives name
Also from capital to hill blue
Witnesses told a federal grand jury president George W Bush knew about and took no action to stop the release of a covert CIA
operatives named a would journalist and then attempted to discredit or husband a critic of administration policy in Iraq
Their damning testimony is prompted Bush to contact an outside lawyer for legal advice because evidence
Increasingly points to his involvement in the leak of covert CIA operative
Valerie claims name to sink syndicated commons Robert Novak
This is right in line with that first article we had from our capital hills blue
You know who before the moves suggested the president anticipates being questioned by prosecutors sources
Say grand jury witnesses have implicated the president and his top advisor Carl Rowe
That sounds like a very distinct violation of law to me a grotesque violation of law
It sounds like impeachment all over again
Doesn't it yeah white house spokesman however dismissed the hiring of outside counsel as a routine precaution
The president has made it very clear he wants everyone to cooperate fully with the investigation
That would include himself white house
McClellan said Wednesday night he confirmed that Bush had contacted Washington attorney Jim Sharp
In the event the president needs advice expecting probably would retain him a clone said there's no indication Bush has been questioned yet
A federal grand jury is quite the numerous White House administration officials to learn who leaked the name of CIA operative claim
wife of former ambassador Joseph Wilson to the news media
Wilson is charged that officials made the disclosure in an effort to discredit him
Bush has been an outspoken critic of leaks saying they can be very damaging
But has expressed doubt that the government's
Investigational pinpoint who is responsible while Bush has said he welcomed the leak investigation
It's been an awkward development for president who promised to bring integrity and leadership to the White House
After years of Republican criticism and investigation of the Clinton administration for those jobs
Even though he was and has a White House counsel Bush is dependent on the outside lawyers for private matters
A memo distributed to the staff last year reminded officials that the counsel's office works solely for the president and his official capacity
And is not a private attorney for anyone
It speaks for itself that the president initially claimed he wanted to get to the bottom of this
But now he suddenly retained the lawyer said
General Cabrera spokesman for the Democratic National Committee
Bush shouldn't drag the country through grand juries and legal maneuvering president
Bush should come forward with what he knows and come clean to the American people
Plane was first identified by syndicated commas and tv commentator Novak and a calm last July
Novak said his information came from administration sources
Wilson as said he believes his wife's name was leaked because of his criticism of Bush administration claims
That a racket tried to obtain uranium from Niger which Wilson investigated for the CIA and found out to be untrue
This closure of an undercover officer's identity can be a federal crime
The grand jury asserted from witnesses and come through the thousands of pages of documents turned over by the White House
But we turn no indictments yet
The probe is being handled by Chicago U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald to put it after Attorney General John Ascroft stepped aside
From the case because of his political ties to the White House and God
Wilson suggested in a book that the leaker was Lewis Scooter Libby
Chief of Staff device president Cheney
Oh my God
But Wilson's book the politics of truth gave no conclusive evidence for the claim
The White House denied the claim and accused Wilson of seeking to bolster the campaign to John Curie
for whom he's acted as a foreign policy adviser
Wilson also said his possible leak came from Elliott Abrams
A figure in the Reagan administration around contra affair and now a member of Bush's national security council
Oh and speaking of those people from back in the Reagan days
They had the hoots but a put that
Piece of crap Paul Wolfowitz on there
And he was waxing Elkman about his days when he was doing dirty needs for the Reagan crowd
Paul Wolfowitz how do you like that?
Enough to make me gag
And Roe Bush's chief political adviser may have circulated information about Wilson and claim in the administration and yield conservative circles
Even if Roe was not himself the leaker Wilson wrote
Another possibility is that two lower level officials in Cheney's office John Hannah or David Wormsir
Rhymes with Mumsir
Leake claims identity at the behest of higher ups to keep their fingerprints off the crime bills and speculated
Sources with the investigation's evidence points to Roe of approving release of the leak
Oh let's ask Beckett know what time it's happening
The end of their investigation suggests the person knew about Roe's actions
But to no action to stop release a claim is there which makes him of course a guilty party
And impeachable offense a high crime a federal crime how do you like that?
I just mentioned these things in passing
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Inforizer Marlos line who is the most overrated movie actor actress of all time
That's our poll question today on the Oranges.com along with the lovely Charlize Thunon
And they've linked to a Michael Morris Fahrenheit 9 11 movie trailer which is coming out. Don't forget soon
Two weeks from this Friday Friday June 25
WDQAM hello
I'm people guard. I'm people guard. Okay a lot of people said huh. I want to change my vote. Oh yeah
A lot of people think that he was much to do about nothing
He was great in the can mute neither make no mistake about it right excellent African Queen wasn't that all the way out
In fact Greg said that if he could borrow those steel balls he might kind of like emulate him
Running around the building trying to find out who hit the strawberries who the mole is you know
He's what we've already seen him do some of those things
Somebody QAM hello
Hello, yes sir. Oh hang on. We got a lot of machines on here. I can't sorry. Okay. We move out of the way of the radio in the delay
You sound fine to me. I don't hear any of that
I'm having a hard time hearing you the the level on the on the phone. What do you got for us, Pally?
Okay, I have a question about yesterday's poll. What were the results because I need to laugh this morning
What were the results? Bush got 69.4%
There you go
He got a little chuckle out of that no extra charge
All right, that was it. I see you're knocking the callers. That was good. I get I did a pubic service for that guy
We have a crap that's going on in the world all the depressing stuff going on around us with smarty Jones getting nose
out there in a billmont
We have to have something that we can be positive about that we can wrap our legs around and say hey
This is really great and he got a good chuckle out of it. Not a big chuckle like that
Like that. I like him. I maybe he might have liked this too
MTV to cut shot of Eminem exposing back home his rear
This is part of the atmosphere. I can't show no rear
Especially if you're queer while he's queer we hope
Because we don't want him at least me
Eminem's moon has been eclipsed is what it says here
MTV plans to cut a shot of the rapper exposing his rear end
To the audience at the 2004 movie awards when the show is broadcast this Thursday 9 p.m
A network representative confirmed MTV already had enough problem
They had their hand in that booby problem with Janet Jackson just in thickerbell the last thing they want to do a start show and
ass on the year now
Eminem will perform that they set it in a taping with his group D12 appeared on stage dressed in a long red wig and jeans
In a parody of Guns n' Roses singer Axel Rose
He repeatedly groped and flashed a studded
Cod piece in front of the cameras. Oh, he stole that from clock or orange
Okay, yeah
He repeatedly groped and flashed a studded Cod piece in front of the cameras and a thousand of people in the live audience toward the end of the performance
He pulled out his trousers and flashed his bare
ass at the audience
Represented for MTV which was planned for producing. See here it is Janet Jackson Super Bowl
halftime performance
Immediately said on a Eminem's act would be sanitized for broadcast possibly by blurring out his
Ass
Ultimately the producers chose to edit out his rear altogether network set on Monday
Eminem's representatives don't immediately be turned to call for comment when asked by the
AP
How do you like that?
So now we have an ass conference first. It was boobies now. It's asses and I'm I'm really curious about one thing because we've all seen
Those ads for like diapers and pamper and wow would have had like babies bottoms. You know little babies run around naked
How old do you have to be before your tool to show your ass on here?
150
Huh?
Is that it? Yeah, unless you're at least 150 years old we can't show your ass naked on TV
So if you're like under the edge of uh, well, but where's the cutoff?
You're going from the wrong angle. Oh, sorry. I understand the wrong end from the wrong
From the ass end
In other words up to up to what age can you still show the ass before you'd start deciding that it may be a little bit over the line
Comes reasonable to me diapers
Plus who wants to see some 50 year old you know some 50 old pimply Nancy I say
Told you 10 56 at 5 60 WQM if you're still nervous about buying your bed over the phone because it's a major purchase
Let me tell you have no fear because dollar mattress is here. I've been doing it for years for over 25 years
Millions of smart people have died one 800 MATT RES because they know they get in the lowest prices on the best band brands
In bedding. It's the smartest way to get you a great night sleep for a long time to come
There's no risk at all because if it's not perfect in every way
Just call a back for a full comfort exchange. It's completely free within 30 days
No extra fees no strings attached
Diamond mattress is ranked number one a customer satisfaction and we're winners of the
2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award when you call one 800
Matt Chris will get the best prices on the best brands would live beyond your schedule
When it's convenient for you in that two-hour window you pick and the best customer service in the business
So why would you waste any of your time and gas?
Schleppen from showroom to showroom why be off our blunge it in this heat
Dollar mattress has to exceed our disagreeing for it
Dollar mattress has the complete line of Celi sort of King Coral Simmons temper pete and stirring and bananas foster
From Kendall Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers
Dollar mattress delivery you the finest bedding anywhere is but you have to do that one easy call
That's all you have to do pick up that phone and dial one 800 mattress one 800 MATT RES or do it online at macrus.com
You am
Ford not as pedophile coming to it's the movie we've all been waiting for
Clare as a gladiator it's Troy the classic story of
Well, it's based on the epic hole by
Oh who care that's Fred hit on a gladiator outfit
Hey
And now we must engage in hot sweaty men on man combat action
Listen to another critical thing about the Troy
Let's read call it the field myself hit of the summer
Rick Reed said pass me the Trojan honey and in the words of Rick Reed if you see only one
Home a rotted clad eater movie this year see
Boy man a cat from the rear
It's muscular men and leather skirts are your Achilles heel then passed to a theater near you to see
Brad Pitt as you've always wanted to see him in
Boy
Every hour what we're going to do is just put a few seconds of esponial in there that the rest of us have no idea what they're saying
See like that and then that way it'll be like a maggot a magnet
For our new Hispanic friends who are just coming to South Florida from Honduras and Nicaragua and Brazil and uh, hey, we could tell South
Or what we could teach English as a second language
Right because so I thought it is a second language
Up here and then yet. It's just a third language
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line who is the worst the most overrated
Now worse who's the most overrated movie actor actress of all time John Wayne
That was my vote and he's leading 44 for the Duke couldn't act as wet of a paper sack
There's only one group of people in America who are just obsessed with John Wayne red next the Duke
I thought you were going to say Republicans red next while is there a difference?
No red next
John Wayne 44 James Dean 44 he only made three freaking movies for crying out loud. They made him in like a a big cult hero. What's that all about
Plus he smelled bad
Kevin Costner 38. Yeah, he was I guess James Dean didn't use the soap a lot because he was afraid he'd drop it
Oh speaking of that can't erase 27
Maryland Monroe 25 Julia Roberts 15 and then way down to Al Pacino's got a pair
And he wouldn't have any if it weren't for the fact that he said true one time too many
Gene Hackman won Robert and arrows got only one that's Georgia's rock Hudson won
Out of 198 votes and Raquel Wilson Huffing Boga are so far. I've got the big. Oh, but we'll have lots more. I'm sure
dozens and dozens of Zidians right right
Come in a QA him. Hello. Very uncle Neil. Yes sir. I'd say John Wayne because every movie is any
Talk the same even as Genghis Khan
The Duke
Genghis Khan he talked like that the Duke he's a piece of crap. He's dead though so we can't get to the Duke no more
You know in fact I think of the Duke often take around a Reagan mm-hmm
Lot of similarities a lot of similarities there be well Duke wasn't in big-grade movies
He was in the you know bigger movies, but he couldn't write it all and
Right-wing about his right-wing is you can get state of mind the whole deal
Never saw him at the Ransfield House. That'd make you a him. Hello
How you doing then? Okay, I bet what about Ronald Reagan? He's a pretty bad actor
Yeah, but he was never rated good actor by anybody see the overrated is the question but nice try and not only that
Don't don't be knocking out poor Ronnie while everybody look at that. There's the coffin right now
Don't knock on the bottom legacy that he left behind instead of a path to the American future
You know something that's gonna affect my life. Oh, what a joke. What a freaking joke
What are these punks doing out there other parents must have dragged him along where these young punks?
Let's see he was president from 80 to 88. Okay. That's like 16 years as 88 right and here's a punk
It's like 25 years old. What does he know about Ronald Reagan in his legacy? Okay? You idiots you morons you
Quizlings. This is so sad. It's the flamingo effect one all over again
Like when they blow to whistle at highly or they used to be for Bernadier destroyed the track
They used to blow to whistle now higher the flamingos would all go step over because they knew it was speeding time
It's marching time maybe put on them boots and goose step come on
We can do it. That's it
My god. What is wrong with people
But he was a movie actor and he talked he was very glib, you know and see mommy
Is it not time yet mommy
567 the only thing that he ever said and this is the freaking truth that made any sense to me was
Rick Wiley is an invisible that I would have to agree with
And finally yesterday we photoshow George came out of the closet admitted that rick Rowley was a jerk
Somebody QA him. Hello. Yes. I wonder how to name
Yes, sir. Mr. Elvis Presley Elvis Presley. Boy, he made some pretty crappy movies wasn't oh my god
The crap next time I feel okay. See him do who I
Elvis of a gang
You're unfair to Elvis. I want to say that again. No, it was see the one thing is music in in its time
His music was fine to music out of its time in its time when you listen to me
But his movies even in their time they still suck they were brutal
So we're so why and whatever else all and they're all the same, you know, they're all crap
So we'll put Elvis on there the king which will give you a chance to bash Elvis a little bit
All you relentless Elvis that uh basher's out there. Oh, there's
Those alvash bashers
Let's go to Graceland. Yeah, but what's going on with the Reagan with the casket right now
And it's the same as the people that slumped the Graceland. I don't see any difference at all
The hero worshipers. Oh gosh, Elvis
Those people we need we need to be protected from those people
And you'd say well, what about the religious notes? I don't see much difference because it's the same the same concept
It's just no and look can I ask your question since you were a born a Catholic for about five minutes
And then we went through all the other crap until other nine
The Catholic part of it is how many times you need to cross yourself to make sure you've done the right thing
But third man
I mean if I have to see Arnold and Maria Schreiber crossing themselves at the casket is they like
Waddled away. What was that? Did you see that? No
She must across to some about a half a dozen times. I guess just to make sure
Well, I asked bitch. I got the explanation as far as Catholics go. Yeah, because it's all you know
Pergatory and deeds in a matter of degrees with them
So the more you cross yourself the less time you spend in purgatory. Oh, you're like pudge right?
Regulate well, that's a good point. He crossed himself a line to get out of Florida. That's where they say
But then he wound up in Detroit. So close to show you
Maybe cross it's not what you ask for because you might just get it. You don't criss cross
Pudge. Oh, I can't stand criss crossed WQA. I'm hello
Hey now. Yes, sir. Could I add mel Gibson to your poll please? Mel Gibson is fan. You can show you don't have to ask me man
I'd put him right there on top
Thank you so much mel Gibson
That's all I got one word for him if that's a word
Oh speaking of a Josh stands stupid things. Now. This is a guy really like
But you know every why do we have to be politically correct poor bill par cells you got to sympathize with the fat guys right?
Right Josh? Yeah, sure. No, nobody don't like bill par cells. Do they?
Now everybody likes you. He's a likeable guy
But he apologized Monday for calling the surprise plays used in practice jack plays. Simply remark was inappropriate
Okay, the Dallas Cowboys coach was talking to reporters at the team's mini camp about how his quarterback's coach and defensive coordinator
Try to walk do each other when he made the comment and a pair of reference to Japan's
1941 sneak attack on Pearl Harbor
You got to keep an eye on those two because they're going to try to get the upper hand par cell set about Sean Peyton in my
Zimmer
Mike wants to defense to do well and Sean he's going to have a few no disrespect for the Orioles
But we call jack plays okay surprise things
Oh, I mean is that a big deal? Why does everybody have to be politically correct even
Junior say I would his faggot comment who cares? I mean do we even know if anybody complained about that line?
Well, I'm gonna get to that. Well relaxed. All right
Akira Kubo Moshima a big party
Akira Kubo Shima the editor of Japan's American football magazine was in the room
But said he wasn't offended don't believe some people would be
He also said he was surprised more by the reaction of other reporters than the comment
There's a lot of chance for somebody to feel offended. He said to me. It was no big deal
So we had the right altitude right no big deal
No, thank I heard from now. They're going to call them Indian plays
Cowboys spokesman Rich Dalrymple apologized on behalf of the organization in Parcel's later issued a statement
I made a very inappropriate reference and all the way
Prefaced it with a remark. No disrespect anyone intended it was still on call for an inconsiderate Parcel said for that
I apologize anyone who may have been offended he's a apologizing just like Arnold apologize for all those women that he
Groped he's gonna investigate it. Oh he changes mind. He's not gonna investigate it after all because now he's determined into the governor
Fact the whole thing with Reagan and Arnold being there. It's so I see such stark scary similarities, you know
Although at least the one thing with Arnold is at least so far
He isn't having his strings controlled by the ultra right wing Republicans far as we can see like Reagan was boy
He was he was there darling man. He was the beginning of what we got now. He was the beginning of the fascist era in America
But you can't say that. Oh just wait till I get these 85,000 articles here ripen a Reagan ass
And I'm gonna read each and every single one of them all right these 50,000 of them telling you know
Setting the record straight so that people like these punks that are out there at the casket because it's a happening
It's something to do with this good task. It. Let's go see the casket, you know what kind of crap is that
WQ a.m. Hello
Jesus Christ Neil. Yes, sir. 35 minutes on hold. Okay. You are three if I meant some hole. How can you been a hold?
Not a little ringing the phone ringing it right up. I'll keep you off the streets man. Okay. Thank you. So hello. Yes
What do you got? Yeah, I don't know if you've heard it in your mind. It's me. But if you heard about those those calls
I got a call yesterday at home and I answered it said unknown number I answered anyway and it was a recording
This is John Kerry
You know asking if you'll make a contribution to the campaign press one and press two and then press three was
You know you're gonna vote for us. I just press three and then I hung up
But I never seen a call or heard of something like that where they did like telemarketing
President well, I guess you've been blessed
Anyway
On the poor thing
Anybody who would say Gene Hackman or Robert De Niro or or a radio
But food. Even though I love George and every other way but he's a phone at times he can be a buffoon
We can all be buffoons at times and he's a little buffooner
I understand I understand what he's saying because I agree with him that De Niro in the last many years now
He's done this he's always the same, you know, he does a lot of crap than real garbage
No, I disagree
No, for me the poll has been forward
Oh, I like Harrison Ford now
Overrated okay, thanks. I know okay vote five times. Please I disagree here, but
Well, I had a two but then this is their opinion
Don't put on there. This is great. I love this pool. Yeah, who is the most he can disagree with Robert De Niro
I can disagree with the Harrison I agree with Robert De Niro
I have it to be I mean back in the up on this one which I really do because it's more fun not to but it just
You know, I understand what you say just like I'm saying patino
Al patino's made so many great movies, but on the other hand
He's made a lot and not just not just recently his he made stickers but cruising for example
What kind of a pilot Schmidt was that?
Gate and he admitted later on after he made the movie that he was sorry that he got sucked into that think if I can say that
He just was garbage. Yeah, it was and it was a it was a tool if I can say that of
The enormous hatred and the stereotype, but at any rate that was garbage
But and he's made what was the one I was telling you about that I saw a couple of months ago here
I that I'd never seen before the streets in New York or something like that. What was that? Oh, no?
Oh my god, he was doing Godfather 3 all over again
And always shouting it always gonna. I mean of course injustice for all was great. Mm-hmm phenomenal
Spectacular the Godfather's parts one through a hundred do it day
I think they ought to fear you
Right, but when you see that when you see sentable when he and that's the one he gets the Oscar for that close to show you how screwed up that whole deal is
He makes all these great movies never gets the award. He makes a piece of crap like the scent of a woman
Which is just embarrassing. I always wanted to see a blind guy grabbing a Ferrari through the streets in New York
Wow
1113 in 560 wqm with a heat of summer here now and believe you me. It's boiling. Is it raining there or what?
Not yet. There was gonna be here today 90
And 92 tomorrow
Anyway, now's a great time to get out of the car
You've been driving get into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota of homestead you'll find them on US
120 minutes south of the a 36 and it's worth going all the way down because they're gonna save you so much cash
Thousands and thousands on great new Toyota's with rising gas prices
Maybe you want to car with more fuel economy like the legendary Toyota Corolla can be risk for just 11 990 or lease it for just
209 a month need a great Toyota for that college or high school grad. How about the Toyota echo?
These prices just $199 need to truck the V6 Toyota Tundra regular camp can be yours for just
239 a month looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRS and Solaric convertible now in stock waiting for you at
Armstrong Toyota of homestead. They're locally owned and operated
They'll do just about anything under the sun to make you a happy customer
In fact their service department is even open late till late week nights to make sure they get all your service work done
And on time Armstrong Toyota of homestead was the first dealer to offer free tires and batteries for life and now even go on one step further
They're the first to offer free replacement parts for life. That's right tires batteries and free parts for life
It is positively un
They leave home so forget about wasting out your gas and time with those big car dealers with their screaming car spots on the radio
Who gets in their dealership under phony pretenses and always let you down see a guy who will never let you down
Who make you the deal of a lifetime David Rich the GM and Armstrong Toyota homestead for an unbeatable deal
Armstrong Toyota homestead. They're gonna save you a ton on that great new Toyota
They're just 20 minutes south of the 836 and you'll love them
Why in local here sports video 560s you a
You a
Any trucker or did he cock it?
By aiming
Swing stories
Going around
A certain star doing something weird
The trouble didn't get me by itself
It should have got the habit of the self
Rich a gear
And road into me
Me
When you look into
It's the
Richard Kio!
Richard Kio!
Richard Kio!
Every one now is American Jabba Lo!
Every one now is American Jabba Lo!
11-19 at 560 WQ at Mad Dog is back today at 2-1-2 and then we got the Amarlin pregame at 630.
Every Marlins at the Injured in 7-0-5 at EK follows the baseball game.
Richard Jurbel Gears says this faxer with a very fine piece of artwork there at the bottom.
In fact this hamster that he's got there probably ought to have its own name.
Got Richard Gear on air? Good!
Get it down.
Now here is a fax that I really appreciate from Chip who says and didn't I tell you?
Yeah.
And George gets all the credit I guess because you find a picture right?
Right.
The B-D-Cruiden today is the best damn picture that's ever been on there.
Like I said it's the best god picture that's ever been on there.
Barnon.
Good work guys and James Dean bites the big one but not anymore.
Yeah James Dean I've been telling that for a long time.
I didn't see the big picture I ever got it and all the hype for years I heard about it.
For me tree movies I'll say it again Rebel Without A Cause, East of Eden and Giant.
Okay?
And from what I'm hearing Giant was quite an exaggeration.
But anyway he made three movies and that was it.
Those are really weak movie two Rebel Without A Cause.
Would sound many oh?
Won't say him no more.
Sound many oh?
BAAAAMING!
But at any rate and of course he was in at the Giant with Liz Taylor.
Yeah.
So what does that tell you right off the bat?
I just don't see it.
I don't see any greatness there at all and yet they've oh he would have been the next Elvis
Presley or the Proud Preset whatever you know.
I just don't get it.
Was he that great looking?
No.
Not really at all to be honest with you.
He was kind of like smarmy looking and the very seldom bade and the rumor on him was
the deal was supposed to anything that moved you know and he should have been Cuban.
Yeah.
Anything that moved he'd hop on it around it and you're it.
Here's one that says can't make up my mind between Will Smith or JLo.
I like to spelling on JLo there.
It's kind of cute.
Uh we can put it both on here if you like.
Okay.
Even though JLo of course just celebrated her a marriage to her latest uh.
BAAAMING!
Mate.
The marriage do's you're.
I don't think anyone's ever said that she was a good actress.
Mark Antony or good singer.
Jesus got a brilliant.
Right.
And Will Smith of course I like I said I'm going to change my vote.
Please please.
Oh boy.
I don't know what it is either.
It's just he just bothers me badly.
Is this something about him?
Here's one that says worst and this is from Andrew and Pittsburgh.
Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Cross yourself again.
Arnold please.
Okay.
Just to be on the safe side.
You can never never do too many Hail Mary's across yourself and up or rub those beads
too often.
Here's one that says could you please add Tom Hanks to the poll boy?
I like these.
These are great.
See that that qualifies.
This is from Richard.
Thank you Richard.
Thank you Dick.
Here's one that says Van Diesel.
Okay.
Got it.
I hate it.
Can't stand him.
Does anybody like him?
No.
No.
Here's an interesting one to be honest with.
It's his one for the poll Charlie Chaplin.
I can't imagine anyone who's still alive would sit through one of those movies.
I don't know.
I thought Charlie Chaplin was a great innovator and supposed to be very funny.
I agreed that I couldn't watch that right now.
But silent movies.
Any of them.
Not just Charlie Chaplin.
A lot of these aren't answering the question though.
Oh yeah.
Who accused Charlie Chaplin of being a great actor?
No.
Are you kidding me?
Are you shmitting me?
They said all the things.
The movie kind of swears man.
It will Roger Ebert.
If you get a hold of the rest right now.
He would say that Charlie Chaplin was one of the great movie, one of the great pioneers
that he was spectacular, great comedian.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
Great comedian.
I never heard them say, oh, he's a great actor.
He was a movie actor.
There wasn't no TV in those days, Mr. I hate to break the news.
I wasn't saying TV actor.
Well, it's the world's he then.
He was a performer.
I didn't say that he wasn't.
I just remember that.
In the movie.
In the silent.
Okay.
Like I said, he fits perfect.
Who was the most overrated movie?
I mean, at least they're warm.
Okay, they're lukewarm.
It's not like he said, luke Skywalker, something like that.
Here's one from Will, who says a reality check, please.
I was watching evening news and I see these idiots passing by the
gippers casket and they're saluting.
Are you kidding me?
Rigg Ray and I had to have been one of the biggest chicken offs going.
I mean, he was a man who skipped out on WW2 because of weak eyesight.
I did it to a nom and guess what?
I wore glasses, geeky, army issue, plastic, black-framed wonders.
Probably looked like William H. Macy.
Hell, do you mean all I had to do was say I had weak eyesight?
And I could have kicked back state?
State side and I got my ass shot at.
Dang, dang.
It says while Henry Fonda, Jimmy Stewart even Ted Williams were doing their
bit for the war effort, that numbscal Reagan was hanging out in a Hollywood doing squat,
talk about disgusting, how and how did he get away with it?
He had pull, okay?
He was pulling it.
So there you go, Ronnie Reagan, he won't pull it no more because he's dead as a
door nail.
He's in that box or not.
I still think the coffin's empty.
A tisket, a tasket, open up that casket.
I bet you won't find him in there.
Yeah, anybody home?
Well, Nancy's been doing that for 10 years now.
She's been anybody home?
Oh, that's terrible.
That's bad.
And I didn't feel any remorse when she laid her head there on a casket at all.
And not far from what I wrinkled up all the pimple head bitch.
She's a simpleton.
Can't say.
And all of a sudden she's the big hero for stem cell research.
A little bit late, don't you think, Nancy, that you're taking on the right wing fascists?
A little bit late.
Supposedly.
Really?
Yeah, that's what she must have been just doing at Silent Mover, under her breath.
And anyway, Senator Bill Nelson, good guy, kind of like grizzled and mumbled while he's
another unintelligible old long in the tooth.
US Senator Bill Nelson of Florida joined CNN yesterday in a lawsuit challenging a Florida
statute that prevents copying a list of names for more than 47,000 potential felons set
to be purged from voter rolls as once again the right wingers try to keep you dark folks
from voting.
Florida's junior senator agrees with some of these 67 election supervisors across the state
who are mighty concerned about the accuracy of the list provided by the FDLE.
They want to ensure voters are not disenfranchised in the 2004 elections like so many thousands and
thousands were in 2000.
He realized that Gourwin in landslide Florida, he won by thousands.
If the public cannot have access, how do we know that they're not purging someone who is not
convicted, fell on the ass Nelson, who as joining a lawsuit filed last month by CNN to obtain
the list, who has something.
See, part of this is chopped off.
I hate when that happens.
The list technically is a public record, but state law allows only certain people in groups such as
political parties or candidates to get copies.
Anyone else may look at the list but can't copy it.
Well, I'm wondering one thing, how come the carry campaigns since he's the candidate, how come he can't do it,
how come the Democratic party can't do it, how come CNN and poor Bill Nelson got to be doing it?
The Florida's won a seven states that does not allow convicted felons to vote unless they're voting rights have been restored.
The CNN sued to get access to the list and identified as potential felons was filed last month.
The Florida Department of State of course, as opposed to releasing copies of the list, saying that would violate the privacy of voters
who might accidentally be on the list.
Well, I think everybody ought to be a colon up governor Jeb Bush and asking, asking everyone question.
If I can find the damn thing, here it is.
Where is he going to get?
Yeah, and speaking of that, speaking of Bill Nelson.
Where is Nelson?
Right, that's in there too.
Let's try to just mention that in passing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and 10 Verizon Wireless Line.
The worst amount, see I want to keep saying that, I want to do that.
Right.
That's not the poll question.
See, I'm the one doing understand my own question.
Who is the most overrated movie actor actors of all time?
Not the worst, we've already done the worst.
The best, the worst, the most mediocre.
Most overrated.
John Wayne 58, the Duke.
The Duke is pulling away.
58.
Kevin Costner though on his AS53, I have no problem with that if he wins.
James Dean 52, can't arrive, she's got 49.
Marilyn Monroe 29, Judy Roberts 22, Elvis 10.
Al Pacino's moving up to four, he's lockstep with Richard Gear, they've got four piece.
Mel Gibson's got four.
They should have put Mel right up there on the cross, you know what?
Rock Hudson 3, Raquel Welts 3, Harrison Ford's got a pair of Gene Hackman 2,
and after that it's the old single digit.
27 past the hour at 560 WQM, if you're starvin' man right now, like, that's almost lunchtime.
A lot of people eat lunch early, 11, 11, 30, right?
Pizza lock is open and waiting for you in Davie, and the pizza lock flies away with tons of free parking right behind Pier 1 imports.
University drive between Griffith and 595, pizza lock has been on around for it seemed like forever.
Even in-
That's right, there's one and only, and thank goodness there's only one.
Well, you know Jeff, he won't listen to anybody, you know how that is, unless it's about a hot date.
No BS coupons like the other pizza joints because pizza lock every Thursday are for the special,
where you buy any on-trend the second one is half price.
Every Monday by one lasagna the second one is only five bucks, no coupon necessary,
and every Tuesday like today when you buy one eggplant dinner the second one is only five bucks again.
No coupon needed, they always give you big gigantic portions,
everything is cooked fresh to order no soggy pasta at the pizza lock ever.
No microwave in the story, there and everything is either baked or sauteed.
And they've got almost 200 seats waiting for it, the locks in there after waiting around for tables on Friday or Saturday like most
Broward restaurants, they deliver the same full menu from West of Lamego, north of Sunrise,
South of Pine's Boulevard east of 441, and the prices are so low you can take the whole family over and over again,
because like I said they give you big gigantic portions, you will love the pizza lock,
three different kinds of great pizza, the best garlic rolls you've ever popped in your push,
and all your Italian favorites too.
For catering, for a home or office, for private parties, or for delivery just call this number 954-916-8,
9880, 954-916-880, it don't get much better than the world famous pizza lock in David.
My life and locals, this is 4205-60, you ain't can't lay down.
You drenched back in?
History comes to life on the History Channel.
The U is 1968, young men across America are ordered to serve their country and Vietnam.
Starting tonight, the History Channel takes a historical and historical look back as they're reported to the Draft Board.
Alright, listen up, when I call your name, step forward to be sworn in. Richard Chaining.
Are you ready to serve your country son?
Sorry pal, I got better things to do.
Except this check that's open to my gratitude.
Okay, who's next?
Rush, this is real name.
Limbaugh.
Rush is the name, but you might know me as Jeff Christie on KUGL.
Koodle has noodles of hits.
Here's a white boy with a questionable name.
Beanchain Thomas!
Hee hee!
Are you ready to serve your country boy?
Let me tell you this, my friend.
I'm one tough talking college dropout that charges my god, given right to defend it with my mouth.
Now if you'll excuse me.
You're not gonna have to hear it now.
No, don't shut me.
Now you don't understand.
It's the bullet of my eyes.
It's so big.
I even think it's a theater.
In the skirts.
Oh, I hate you, kid.
I have to give it to you now.
I am a trucker to the length of my cannon.
No!
No!
You want to go?
You want to go?
1132, Papa Humor Rush.
You hypocrite, you fat tub of crap.
28 till noon at QAIM.
Don't forget join WQM in the Rio de Janeiro pages from Bellsoft this afternoon, noon to one.
At AM and tour, a carer practice care center.
Oi!
At 204.75, this game blowbards stop by to pick up tickets to upcoming Marlins game.
That's at noon today.
And maybe Miguel will give you like an adjustment.
Is Miguel gonna be there?
Who's he sending out for this thing?
Like I said, go give Miguel an adjustment.
Or a back rub.
Cracked showing in GOP's Cuban American based speaking of Miguel, who's voting for Kerry by the way.
President Bush's policies toward Padelle Castro's regime and the war in Iraq are threatening to fray traditionally solid Republican ties to Cuban American voters, the largest segment of Florida's fast growing Hispanic community.
In 2000, Bush won Florida by a mere 537 votes that is so alleged.
But his advantage among Cubans was about 4 to 1.
Thanks a lot, amigos.
Lunatics.
CuanCuban Hispanics tend to vote Democratic and are flocking to the state.
Are you hearing that?
I heard it.
Non-Cuban Hispanics tend to vote Democratic and are flocking to the state.
On November 2nd, the Keta Florida, the decisive swing of a state four years ago, could well be this disparate Hispanic vote.
Florida's population, here's that number again, is grown by more than a million since the last presidential election.
A 6.5% increase from July 2003 that could transform the state's electorate.
From April 2000 to July 2002, nearly half the new residents were Hispanic, according to the most recent numbers from the Census Bureau.
South Florida's Cuban American community, about 600,000, is divided over the Bush administration's policies, with some hardline exiles complaining that Bush is failed to take a tough stance against Castro.
Thank you, Abe.
A young generation of Cubans who were born in the U.S., or raised here most of their lives, are likely to support engagement with Cuba.
They're not knee-jerk Republicans like their parents.
Bush's problem-secker within the walls of Versailles restaurant, a batch of Cuban exiles in the heart of IMEs, little of Anna neighborhood, the war in Iraq is no good, says Emilio J. Fedor, is sipping a high-act tank cup of Cuban coffee.
Each election finds this life-long Republican more open to Democrats.
Most Cubans have always been Republican by nature. I followed my mother's lead, the 56-year-old bail bondsman be sane, but when you get older and see how things really are, you think differently.
Thank the Lord, thank God.
Deal, God!
Indeed, the restaurants, older patrons, and there are plenty of them are firmly behind Mr. Bush.
Men as such as Aaron Ido, 68, who stops on the way to his credit-praised Bush, I like everything he does even Iraq, the retiree, said.
Moibueno.
Many Cuban-Americans have been in the Democratic Party some 40 years ago, blaming President Kennedy for the debacle of the U.S. Back pay of pigs invasion in 61.
The strong feelings remain bolstered by President Reagan's anti-communist views and Republicans tough on Castro message.
And Jeb Bush, the president's brother, made converting Cubans into his cross in the mid-1980s before he became governor of Florida.
The community is expected to vote Republican again November 2nd, but if enough switch to Bush's Democratic rival John Kerry or decide to stay home on election day, the president will have to make up those votes elsewhere in the growing state of more than 17 million teaming with people.
Teaming, 17 million people in Florida.
And how many of them speak English?
About 30 men!
More!
Would you see the thing about the jet that had to go back to the airport?
No. Where?
A spirit airlines jetliner, bound for Atlantic City with 131 people aboard, landed at Fort Lauderdale International Airport yesterday afternoon.
After the airline received a bomb thread!
Oh my gosh!
The 126 passengers and five crew members exited flight 262, Noignees reported.
The plane in Md80 was taken to a remote area for Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport.
baggage was loaded, searched, and then the plane.
Nothing.
Tipitiduta.
Just another one of those deals, just somebody looking at the crew.
A little fun.
You know, somebody boarded summertime blues.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
I can't wait!
I'm going to save it for like maybe noon.
Let's see, I got one, two, three, four, four.
Ah, five!
Very nice, very accurate stories about the legacy of Ronald Reagan, which I think will be a contrast somewhat.
The faunting, the sycophantic crap that's going on right now.
It's just enough to make you gag.
I mean ordinarily you don't want to knock a guy when he croaks, but first of all he's 93 years old.
And secondly, somebody has to counterbalance the propaganda.
The twisting of the hagiography is that story said yesterday.
And that is how you pronounce it, by the way.
Hegeography is number two. I even looked it up.
Really?
Yeah, how do you like that?
And then of course if you're talking about Liz Taylor, it's the fang-ha-ha-geography.
It gives a dog's idea.
Look at that, Ted Kennedy may make a children, he's going to write a children's book.
It's going to be called Don't Drive Off the Bridge.
Who is the most overrated movie actor, actress of all time?
John Wayne 61, Kevin Costeer 57, James Dean 54, Kenner Reeve 53.
We got a horse race baby, Marilyn Monroe's got it.
It's about third man.
Joel, your Robert's 24, Elvis 11, everybody, all single digit.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one for the Paul.
All right.
How about Keanu Reeves?
He's doing pretty good, he's got 53 votes, he's in fourth place.
How about Paul Walker?
Paul Walker is a bad actor?
No, I think he's horrible.
You're right, he is.
Okay, thanks.
If he didn't look like that, he wouldn't have any rules, right?
Paul Walker?
Yeah.
Does he know who Paul Walker is?
No, I'm afraid I don't.
Well, it's not up your alley.
Paul Walker, get him on, you're okay, he's terrible.
Who is the most overrated movie actor or actress of all time?
WQAM, hello.
Yes, I just want to ask what the purpose of naming the Florida term pike after Ronald Reagan.
What is the purpose of it?
Yes.
It's called sucking up to the right wing.
What relationship does he have to for the Florida term?
Well, wait a minute, wait a minute, but he was Governor of California.
Oh, I get it.
I get it.
Wait till they rename I-95 the Schwarzenegger Freeway.
Have a great day, Palli.
Excellent question.
Yeah, I was wondering then.
Why is it the Ronald Reagan?
I mean, New York, they got the Thomas E. Dewey, he was the governor of New York, right?
They're funny, a little mustache, kind of like Hitler.
But why Ronald Reagan's turnpike and anybody would have questioned that, oh my God, what's wrong with you?
You are coming pinko best of you.
You're disrespectful.
I mean, it makes no sense.
It ought to be the lot and child.
There you go, the walk and lot and child, the heat coolens your way.
Now we're talking, man.
If you don't like walking, take it right on the lawn.
Oh God, don't we have a, we have something.
That's something.
Huge?
What I didn't even know that was that son of a, I don't know where the child was.
It's not worth it, to be honest with you.
21 till noon at 560, QM, the mad dog of two.
My, my, and Lord, this is 4205 60, you away from the New-way, yeah.
All right, this is your liberator, George Stervi-Busch.
Hey, if you thought it used to be a great place before we turned it into a smoke in a hole,
Wait, you experience the all-new amusement park just rebuilt by America's military just a few hundred miles from downtown Baghdad
A place you'll use to call Tuck or something like it is the funnest place in Iraq as soon as Abu Grey prisons go
Welcome to Bush Gardens Baghdad
Rob the bomb of cars
Surrender to the products of the Caribbean
Rob the world scariest roller coaster the second term
The scared of she out right out of time on top a naked prison
That explode the depths of Sam spider hole and all that stones throw from the room in the fabulous
Alabama this is my name take the 9-11 connector to your own to a building and
It is because you can't end here there at Bush Gardens Baghdad. It's a blast
16 to learn at 560 they're showing the clips again. Nancy Reagan with Michael J Fox. I don't know how long for that was
And guess who else was there? Yeah the King my mr. Suspenders and
Doing the thing about stem cell research and about research and Alzheimer's and all these other diseases
A lot of us like those of us with type 2 diabetes and type 1 diabetes, which is really much more serious
We could be without that we could go out and get a nice pizza and I have to worry about it
Yeah, people like
Huh?
We see all these other people were like all crippled up and things like that stem cell research could they bring the cure for a lot of these things
But of course that compassionate conservative
Oh God for me because he takes directions from the born against and even from the Pope I guess probably told him a thing or two
Well as you're dying from diabetes just consider yourself with the knowledge that you won't be going to hell because you're
Curious it wasn't based on stem cell research. Oh, I see that's a good point. I'll be going to help for different reasons though
Okay, let's see Merrill Street well, I
Can see that I applaud that she annoys me Merrill Street very seriously
So we're getting some invisible faxes faxes where you can't make out anything that is on there and the frustrated person keep
Refaxing and refaxing yeah like the more they fax the more visible it's going to get which it's not well
I don't understand what that means
In other words, they think that practice makes perfect design I guess in other words it's so faint
That's written invisible ink. You can't make out anything. It looks like dirty paper
I feel like feigning because a norm can't email here. It's so touching and so emotional
You won't believe this that's what you you won't care because you're just one another one of those anti sports people and certainly an anti-hockey person
Well, I just don't understand how the Florida Panther organization how it can even exist
You know we had that we had the phony baloney thing we had that one year when a team got out of the right time
Wasn't really that great of a team, but they got hot just at the right time
kind of like what Calgary did this year and
And I was it other than that nobody really cares. It's just tragic
It's pathetic and the this series wasn't really very good
But the fact that it went to seven games and a Tampa pulled out game six and over time and that we had the desperate game last night
That's what created the assignment
Believe me because I know you won't but it was anyway
Norma says I've been going to sporting events for over 35 years as an adult
I never knew he reached that point of being an adult and I don't think I ever experienced the energy or except and I witnessed in the
St. Pee Times forum last night for the seventh game of the Stanley Cup
You saw what was coming in the pregame more months when the lightning ran fast-skating drills while the flames
Cavalierly better the puck back and forth for the astounding power plate to start the second period where the flames tried six times together
Park across the blue line and could not and the last ten minutes which was like a blocking my boxing match on the ice
What a game. Thank you. The opportunity in a hockey years ago signed Norma Lord Stanley needed a 10
I think I want to Stanley Cup
Yeah, they had the big horn out there in Tampa last night
Anyway, that's it
It's up because yeah, it was them. Well, why should he carry should wait for the Panthers to win when he's calling a game
So be the lucky charm. Don't you think of course?
Once you think when you think a lucky charm day. You think like a little twerp
560 560 pound 560
It's a goal. It's a goal. I can't wait for this WQM. Hello
Okay, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing?
Great. I have one for your Paul. Okay. I mean to be insensitive, but how about round Reagan?
Yeah, somebody suggested that before but again overrated nobody ever considered him to be a good actor. Much less a great actor
So I think yeah, okay, my other thing was as far as a future Paul. Yeah
About with which
Presidential or government governmental scandal was your favorite
You can do you know Bill Clinton and Monica and the penis gate. Yeah
Mm-hmm weapons of mass destruction, right. I think it's a good one. Okay. Thanks. All right. Thank you
Have a great day, pal. That's not bad. Which scandal was your favorite? Where's one of you enjoy the most?
Well, I'm sure that penis gate would be at the top of that. You're a real estate
Stingate. What do we want to call it Monica gate? Kenny Stargate. I'm gonna get your boy
I mean you know that you come right out there
Tell the public the truth and it's just yeah, I don't know where there's no sense. There's no feeling I guess that describes it best
Here Kenny Star runs into a bald head of James Carval at the airport in Atlanta in the early day well in the middle of the whole
Monica gate thing and he's system. I'm gonna get your boy
And it's like oh no, he didn't have any vendeda Kenny star. He was very upstanding
God right
Or nothing political about it
WQA and hello
How about Marlon Brando don't like Marlon
Yeah, I got to go from the Godfather that Superman, please
Don't forget that silly movie with what's his name?
Or is the silly movie with the lizard where he was doing the Godfather was again freshman the freshman
That was a cute movie with what's his name?
Ah, I got a brain fart on him now. I don't know Matthew Broadway. There it is
Yeah, the freshman it was silly. It was a very silly it was a way to give him a chance
To put the cotton in his cheek again, you know and to reprise that the boys it was fun
And hey some of these don't have to be like serious job in Superman
Did he yeah, yeah, yeah, well, he didn't really have a major role in Superman
It didn't but he didn't made the best of it
There you go
But we'll put him on there Marlon Brando because a lot of people don't like big fat guys
Let's see here's one that says and I see Frank's and I for really sucked my mother-in-law says Val Kilmer
Says Devon Devon
Frank's it after really sucked well, I would say this I didn't like his singing
But I think in Manchurian candidate is acting was great. What's there remake in Manchurian candidate?
Is that out the enters it this weekend? No, it's not out yet this weekend, I believe
He was great in that movie. Did you see it? Yeah, well, he was great
Yeah, and by the way, I didn't want to like the movie or him because I couldn't stand him
Oh, yeah, I hated it and I had to apologize to to myself for resisting
Now I would say this
uh
In from here to eternity, which is the role he got because somebody made him as
Manchurian opera couldn't be heard I don't get how many day go get any what grease bowl cum bars come out of the wood work
That was another story, but I think he actually wasn't pretty good actor
But Frank's him after put him on there just because we don't like him anyway and Val Kilmer
Which I would agree with that's the kind of Batman. I don't I don't see what the deal with Val Kilmer
And if you ever seen him and Jim Morrison together, I don't how could he possibly played Jim Morrison?
They paid him to oh, well, did you think he was good in the doors movie?
There it was a little bit old dramatic the whole thing pretty pretty weak
5 6 7 0 5 60 Jim Morrison still alive by the way, it's lunch every day at Shlumys
We'll give you directions later how to get there
John Wayne 66 Kevin Coster 63 the most overrated movie actor actress of all time
And I don't think we really have done this ever before which is shocking
I mean if we can come up with a new poll we've never done before out of the 80 million polls
That's a major accomplishment. How do I do it?
How do I how do I do it?
Now what inspired me for this actually maybe it was all a Reagan business that inspired me
And then I started thinking about John Wayne because it's hard to think about old Ronnie without thinking about John Wayne the Duke
And Chuck Heston WQA and hello
You have a how about Dennis Hopper
Well put a monitor for you we don't agree but we'll put them on there do you agree? No no don't I like that at all a lot but well put them on there
This guy we it's not like we're gonna
Nixie or a choice whatever you say what opinion
Everybody that goes into one of those movies there are people who love them and think they're great
And they're people they're oh my god so and so sucks they absolutely suck
You've seen some of those movies right what's a point of time we had Dennis Hopper drops that we could play
Well, we don't
I still don't understand where that uh
I just I don't think I have it
The walking lot in one it's under trials and you see that that's the problem when you do that it's like
It is so cute yeah, I was putting it a hundred years ago who put it in there. I don't know probably me
Yeah, from a car it is so cute. Yeah, he's talking about the turnpike it it is so cute
So let's have the lot and trials turnpike that was a very excellent question
It's like how come we have Arthur Godfrey wrote on my me beach when Arthur Godfrey was one of the biggest anti-Semites whoever came down the pike down the run will rig and turnpike
rhymes with
WQA and hello
Yes, 400 L
Yes, sir. How are you doing? Good. Good
Let's go to four lotterdale. Hello
Yes, I got one for your fault. Yeah
Brad Pitt
Brad Pitt couldn't act as well as a paper second since once in a great while
Right, he's all looks right thanks. Yeah, the other issue I brought up to you mentioned Ronald Reagan highway or Ronald Reagan turnpike
From Cincinnati and they all have a Ronald Reagan
Codway up there. How do you like that? Yeah, because he's basically obviously it's very Republican there and
Got general electric which is obviously the big war machine in all the engines behind all the planes and everything so
There's a tie in with all that Republican connection there. Hey man. Thanks a lot, Paley
Well, we don't have GE and Florida doing no do we have anything at all that relates to a Ronnie Reagan except we have plenty of right wingers
But no, not really it makes no sense at all. Let's conduct a campaign to get his name off of that thing
And that should be pretty easy now that he died right now
Should I let him if he had told me he was gonna die? I would have worked on that before we could have had a big campaign
Yeah, but we got Chuck Meyer to have people put the big X through the quarters, you know, but nobody thought coming
No, they just sneak it in there woke up one day and all of a sudden it was no longer the Florida turnpike
It was the Ronald Reagan turnpike just like we have the Miriam Alonzo highway and we have the Dave Dixon freeway and we've got the
Chiquita banana expressway. I just don't get it. I mean the Dan Marino drive thing
I don't know not that crazy about doing it while somebody's still alive either
Are you no right? What if they turn out to like murder 500 people or something later on how about the the Schuhler expressway
That's had that name for years. Sure
Now which one is the Schuhler's that the 836? No, that's that one over there. No, here's they wish 36
Is a 36 the Schuhler I never even knew that although we call it chula down here the chula expressway chula chula
567 oh the how come we can't just call it the brain stem
Highway not until they legalize it and if that sounds insensitive we'll just use the initial just the BS highway
Which most of them floor to our WQM. Hello
Hi, I have a name for the poll. Okay
What you got oh Michael Douglas Michael Douglas. I certainly can cure heartily and also Vanessa red grave
Okay, thanks. You're welcome. Bye
That sounds like two names, but that's okay because she was very nice and our only lady of the day ladies won't play the game with the screenless
Plus how many ladies we got listen
That's about it. Well, we do the best we can but that's a red grave
And I see I get confused which one is the virulent
Lesbian the virulent bike. I don't know
Is it Lynn is if Vanessa and quite frankly who to help here
This is the king. I like to relax by having very magnet on the side of my balls
I listen to the new rod is 12 to 1 hour
You
I
Won't me
House
Paper
Irene
women's tights. They've lost all their lives.
I'll pull great don't go there.
I'll pull great don't go there.
Pablo, in a little hands on the big hand here at 560 WQA,
and here's the first of about a hundred stories about Ronald Reagan.
This is by David Korn. This is a rewrite from something he wrote in 1998.
It's very short into the point.
66 things to think about when flying into Reagan National Airport.
The firing of the air traffic controllers,
Winnable Nuclear War, Recallable Nuclear Missiles,
Frees that Caused Pollution, Elliott Abrams Line to Congress,
Ketchup is a vegetable, colluding with Guatemalan thugs,
Pardons for FBI lawbreakers, voodoo economics,
Budget deficits, Toast of Ferdinand Marcos,
Public Housing Cutbacks, redbaiting the nuclear freeze movement, James Watt.
Getting cozy with Argentine-fascist generals,
Tax Credits for Segregated Schools,
Disinformation Campaigns, Homeless by Choice,
Manual Norega, Falling Wages,
The Hutscandal, Airways on Libya,
Constructive Engagement with the Partied South Africa,
United States Information Agency Blacklist of Liberal Speakers,
Attacks on OSHA and Workplace Safety,
The Invasion of Grenada,
Assassination Manuals, Nancy's Astrologer.
Drug Test, Light Detector Test,
Fawn Hall, Female appointees, 8%,
Mining Harbers, The SNL Scandal,
239 Dead U.S. Troops in Beirut,
Al Hague in Control,
Silence on AIDS, Food Stamp Productions,
Debate Gate, White House Reading,
Jonas Savimbi, Tax Cuts for the Rich,
Mistakes were Made,
Michael Devers Conviction for Influence Petaling,
Lynn Opsichrist Conviction,
For Influence Petaling,
Casper Weinberg is 5 Count Indipement,
Ed Meats, you don't have many suspects
who are innocent of crime, Donald Reagan,
Women don't understand throw weights,
Education Cuts, Mass-Griznale Salvador.
The bombing begins in 5 minutes,
$640 Pentagon toilet seats,
African-American judicial appointees 1.9%.
Readers digest CIE sponsored car bombing
at Lebanon more than 80 civilians killed,
200 officials accused of wrongdoing,
William Casey, Iran Contra.
Facts are stupid things,
3x5 cards, DMX missile,
Bitburg, SDI, Robert Port,
NAPS, and Teflon.
Oh, what a good job.
I guess that sums it all up, right?
Yeah, no, read it again.
Oh, you're torrid out.
I got too many others to work on.
Too many others to work on.
Oh, Jesus.
Here's a fact that says everyone says,
well, he's no Olivier.
Well, what about him?
That pompous, experienced piece of human experiment,
Sir Lawrence Olivier.
Now, let's see, who was he concerning with?
Was it Danny Kay?
Who was hanging out with Sir Lawrence Olivier?
Rhymes.
Rhymes with...
Your gay.
Right.
That was the popular rumor.
I believe it was Danny Kay and Olivier and both were.
Anyway, here's a fact that says,
you got it on there, Josh Sir Lawrence Olivier.
Oh, my God.
He's getting to it.
He's getting to it.
He's getting to it.
Sorry, guys, my host Steven Cigal.
I hate him.
Like that.
Yeah.
But I don't think anybody ever accused him of being an actor.
Could have otherwise.
Well, he's in movies.
Yeah.
He appears.
The more far walker is the actor from fast and the furious.
Yeah, well, I know Paul Walker.
You don't.
Right.
Josh said it for me.
Yeah.
He looks fine.
And I, let's see.
I'm not afraid to...
I don't know what that means.
Do I know who this is?
Who what?
I don't know who this is and I don't really say it.
It's fine.
Don't be defensive.
We're not putting out the defensive.
Okay, everybody's in a fine mood.
Lighting one, they Stanley Cup.
That's not like Dave Andrew Chuck.
22 years of twiling in the NHL and putting several fine years here in Toronto with Leafs.
Good man, Dave Andrew Chuck.
22 years twiling in the National Occupial League and finally gets to drink out of the cup.
And a Stanley Cup too.
Let's see.
Okay, except for transporting you and McGregor.
Oh, yeah, transporting.
I better go out and spot that leader.
In fact, I better throw out of the window.
Allen and the key is one of our regular chronics as Eli Wallach.
How could you say that after Godfather 3?
Lovely.
Let's see.
Now, here's another one from Capital Hill Blue.
What a great website.
Too bad our link is not an area for that.
I'll just set you the first page even though I got all five pages.
Oh.
Well, what is this one about?
How big brother's watching, listening and misusing information about you also by
Teresa Ampton and Doug Thompson, who wrote the other that other piece.
Well, I'll stick that on the bottom and if it's worthwhile, we'll eventually get to it.
Or maybe tomorrow.
There's always another tomorrow, you know?
Well, well, not always.
Right.
We don't know that for a fact.
This one is written by William Rivers Pit, which I love William Rivers Pit and its headline
Planet Reagan.
He says, Robert Reagan is dead now and everyone's being nice to him.
In every aspect, this is appropriate.
He was a husband and a father, a beloved member of a family, and he'll be missed by those
he was close to.
His death was long, slow and agonizing because of the Alzheimer's disease which ruined him,
one drop of lucidity at a time.
My grandmother died ten years ago, almost of the day because of this disease, and this
disease took ten years to do its duty filthy, wretched work on her.
The dignity and candor of Reagan's farewell letter to the American people was as magnificent
and departure from public life as any that's been seen in our history, but the ugly truth
of his illness was that he lived on and on and on.
His family and friends watched as he faded from the world of the real as a simple dignity
afforded to all life collapsed like loose sand behind his more ever more vacant eyes.
Only those who have seen Alzheimer's disease invade a mind can know the truth of this.
It's a cursed way to die.
In this morning space, however, there must be roommate for the truth.
Writer Edward Abbey once said, the sneakiest form of literary subtlety in a corrupt society
is to speak the plain truth.
The critics will not understand you.
The public will not believe you.
Your fellow writers will shake their heads.
The truth is straightforward.
Virtually every significant problem facing the American people today can be traced back
to the policies and people that came from the Reagan administration.
It is a laundry list of ill-as-woven disasters that has all of us once again staring apocalypse
in the eye.
How can this be?
The television says Ronald Reagan was one of the most beloved presidents of the 20th
century.
He won two national elections, the second by margin so overwhelming, that all future landslides
will be judged by the high water market achieved against Walter Mondale.
How can a man so universally respected to play the hand in the evils which corrupt our
days?
The answer lies in the reality of the corrupt society Abbey spoke of.
Our corruption is the absolute triumph of image over reality, a flash over substance, of
the pervasive need within most Americans to believe in a happy face version of the nation
they call home, and the sprinter reality of our estate is unpatriotic.
Ronald Reagan wasn't always will be the undisputed heavyweight champion of salesmen in this regard.
Reagan was able by virtue of his towering talents in the Serenity to sell to the American
people a flood of poisonous policies.
He made Americans feel that about acting against their own best interests.
He sold the American people a lemon, and they drive it to this day as if it was a catalact.
It isn't the lies of killers, but the myths, and Ronald Reagan was the greatest myth-maker
were ever likely to see.
Mainstream media journalism today is a shameful joke because of Reagan's deregulation
policy.
Once upon a time the furnace doctrine ensured that the information we receive, information
vital to the ability of people to govern in the manner intended, came from a wide variety
of sources and perspectives.
Reagan's policies annihilated the furnace doctrine, opening the door for a few megacorporations
together, journalism under themselves.
Today, Reagan's old bosses at General Electric on three of the most watched news channels,
this company profits from every war we fight, but somehow is trucked until the truths of
war, thus demits their soul to us.
The deregulation policy through Ovarama Reagan didn't just deliver journalism to these
massive corporations, but headed virtually every facet of our lives into the hands of
this privileged few.
The year we breed, the water we drink, the food we eat are all tainted, because Reagan
battered down every environmental regulation he came across, so corporations could improve
their bottom line.
Our leaders are wholly ones of city areas of the corporations that were all made all
powerful by Reagan's deregulation craze.
The savings and loan scandal of Reagan's time, which cost American people hundreds of
billions of dollars, is but one example of Reagan's decision that the foxes would be fine
guards in a hen house.
Ronald Reagan believed in small government despite the fact that he grew government massively
during his time.
Social programs which protected the weakest of our citizens were gutted by Reagan's policies,
delivering millions into despair.
Reagan was able to do this by caricaturing the welfare queen who punched out babies by
the barnload, who drove the flashy car bought with your tax dollars, who refused to work
because she didn't have to.
This was a vicious, racist lie, one result of which was the decimation of a generation
by crack cocaine.
The urban poor were left to rot because Ronald Reagan believed in self-sufficiency.
Because Ronald Reagan could not be bothered to fund research into gate cancer, the AIDS
virus was allowed to carve out a comfortable home in America.
The aftershocks from this callous disregard for people whose homosexuality was deemed
evil by religious conservatives cannot be overstated.
Beyond the graves of those who died from a disease which was allowed to burn unchecked,
there are generations of Americans today living with the subconscious idea that sex
equals death.
The veneer and honor and respect painted across the legacy of Ronald Reagan is itself a
myth of biblical proportions.
The coverage propered today of the Reagan legacy seldom mentions in propriety until the
Iran Compreh scandal appears on the administration timeline.
This set of omission is vast, but the end of his term in office some 138 Reagan administration
officials have been convicted and dited or investigated for misconduct and or criminal
activities.
Some of the names in this disgraceful rule call Oliver North, John Pointexter, Richard
C. Cordkastor Weinberger, Elliott Abrams, Robert C. McFarlane, Michael Diver, E. Bob Wallach,
James Wat, Ellen DeFieres, Claire George, Dwayne R. Claridge, and Buford, Rita LaVelle, Richard
Allen, Richard Begg's Guy Flake, Louis Bluthreeta, Edwin Gray, Max Hugo, Carlos Campbell, John
Federer's Arthur Hayes, Jane Ellen Helms, Marjorie Mecklenberg, Robert Nemo, J. William Petro,
Thomas E. Reid, Emmanuel Savis, Charles Wick.
Many of these names are lost to history, but more than a few of them are still with us today,
rehabilitated by the administration of George W. Bush.
Ronald Reagan actively supported the regimes of the worst people ever to walk on the earth,
names like Marcos Duarte, Rios Monten, Duvalier, Rico Blood and Corruption, yet were embraced
by the Reagan administration with passionate intensity.
The ground of many nations is salted with the bones of those murdered by brutal rulers
who called Reagan a friend.
Who can forget his support of those in South Africa who believed the part-time was the proper
way to run a civilized society?
One dictator in particular looms larger across our landscape,
Sodom Hussein was a creation of Ronald Reagan.
The Reagan administration supported the Hussein regime, despite his incredible record of atrocity,
the Reagan administration gave Hussein intelligence information which helped the Iraqi military
use their chemical weapons on the battlefield against Iran to great effect, the deadly bacterial
agents sent to Iraq during the Reagan administration are a laundry list of horrors.
The Reagan administration sent an innocent, named Donald Rumsfeld to Iraq to shake Sodom
Hussein's hand and assure him that despite public American condemnation and the use of
those chemical weapons, the Reagan administration still considered him a welcome friend and ally.
That happened while the Reagan administration was selling weapons to Iran, a nation notorious
for its support of international terrorism in secret and in violation of scores of laws.
Another name on Ronald Reagan's rule called is that of Osama bin Laden.
The Reagan administration believed it a bully idea to organize an army of Islamic fundamentalist
in Afghanistan to fight the Soviet Union and bin Laden became the spiritual leader of this
action.
Throughout the entirety of Reagan's term, bin Laden and his people were armed, funded and
trained by the U.S.
Reagan helped teach Osama bin Laden the lessons he lives by today that it's possible to bring
a superpower to its knees.
bin Laden believes this because he's done it once before thanks to the dedicated help of
Ronald Reagan.
In 1998, two American embassies in Africa were blasted in the rebel biosama bin Laden who
used these semtex sent to Afghanistan by the Reagan administration to do the job.
In 2001, Osama bin Laden thrust a dagger into the heart of the U.S. using men who became
skilled at the art of terrorism with the help of Ronald Reagan.
Today, there are 827 American soldiers and over 10,000 civilians who have died in the
invasion and occupation of Iraq, a war that came to be because Reagan helped manufacture
both Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden.
How much of this can be truthfully related to feed Ronald Reagan?
It depends on who you asked.
Those who worship Reagan seem as the man in charge, the man who defeated Soviet communism,
the man whose vision and charisma made Americans feel good about themselves after Vietnam and
the malaise of the 1970s.
Those who despise Reagan seem as nothing more than a pitchman for corporate raiders, the
man who allowed greed to become a virtue, the man who smiled rapidly while allowing his
officials to run the government for him.
In the final analysis, however, the legacy of Ronald Reagan, whether he had an active
hand in formulation or was merely along for the ride, is beyond dispute.
His famous question, are you better off now than you were four years ago, is easy to
answer.
We are not better off now than we were four years ago or eight years ago or 12 or 20.
We are a badly damaged state ruled today by a man who subsists off Reagan's most corrosive
final gift to us all.
It's the image that matters and be damned to the truth.
Pretty good stuff.
It's on our website by William Rivers.
Great.
Planet Reagan.
As opposed to all of this swill, all of this crap that the corporate media are peddling
down your throat about the great Ronald Reagan, the great communicator on all this other
bull crap.
But at any rate, you believe whatever you want.
Like you can turn over to Rush right now, he's probably still eulogizing.
Problem that it's past noon at 5.60 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and
increased labor costs.
Well, let Oasis outsoursing help you when it comes to the people's side of your business.
Payroll administration.
Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management are just
a few of the services that Oasis outsoursing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsoursing today for a fee evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsoursing understands the many facets
of human resource management.
Outsourcing is being recognized by firms with large and small as a powerful management
choice, which lets you focus on your core business where you leave the operational details
to Oasis outsoursing.
Let Oasis outsoursing make your business more profitable if you want a free evaluation
column tool free 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsoursing.
We are supporting O5 City, UAM.
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I was going by to spend a phony on a party when
you said you'd run
like In the bible you walked Dro Priding
whatever doesn't matter, parts ran ,ở 110
oooo oooooooooon
You are the sea if you're the robust old PD and chief
You better come and work you well to say you'll never have ever you've ever seen
Because here the box cars are calling to take you away
I've caught a lot of relatives take you away
From 18 at 560
70 QM demanded to do the Humper at 4 and then we got Marlon's baseball Mike a Marlon's at Cleveland
I don't want to read all these anti-Ragan things the one hour. Do I?
Yes
Well, let's give it a rundown on the pool so far because I don't want to do all I read today doing yes
Here's Jerry Brown is on there, you know vulgar details of government seem quite marginal and trivial in that context that he created
While he was governor whatever that means I guess Jerry Brown's kissing his ass to you this don't you just don't dare
That's insane even though Jerry Brown of course the ultra liberal former governor California mayor of Oakland, California right now
And rumor to be
But nevertheless I
Mean there have been a few people like kind of like dancing around the edges with a few little
Negatory comments, but you just don't say these things right now because that's disrespectful
Okay, so you got a lie like crazy. You just got to bite your tongue until it bleeds and still until it starts gushing blood
What are all these facts is my god. Oh, they're all great
Here's one it says
The most overrated actor of all time Michael Cain says Dennis and Hollywood okay?
Michael Cain I like Michael Cain, but this guy don't and he's entitled
He's the the most employed actor possible and he gets a lot of work outside of that but at any rate so does a sort of a lot of people
Here's one that says I get to listen sporadically during the day so I'm not sure if you knew that your line
Well, we heard reports of that yesterday the EAS which is now
You know, we don't hear it because it's automatic. That's in the middle of a laser recharge is spot apparently
Well, that's nice. How come nobody told me about that goes off at random the EAS sounder in other words the emergency
automatic Nazi
Siren the ASS sound the EAS it's not the first there be even six times this is having to your program
It says what happened to this is a test. This is only a test. I don't know because I've never heard it
I don't hear that we don't hear it. It happens beyond us. Oh, I see
It says you still must run the adan thing so why piss off the client and I have to schedule a make good
Schedule a make good. Oh brother. How does that say here?
This person's got it. They just don't understand the QMF and way man look at the drill a make good just because the spot didn't completely get on
Here man, you don't know Greg Reed mister and screw-in winic
Let's see we got a place where I can do that spot today or not. I'll give him a make that myself
Let's see
No
What we could if he right now will do tomorrow. Don't let me forget. Okay. All right, damn
No, I'm so serious. We'll do it. We'll put it on the log and make it good because if I got interrupted
I mean our friend just Bob over there. They laser Richard. He's paying for the spot not for part of a spot
I mean, you know what what is wrong with his place? Don't you people have any?
I'm sorry
Let's see it's a since you can no longer play about 30
Stuff into the CS keep young Josh busy marking down some of the better potential drops in the callers
Had a pretty good life about 1050 not to be confused with 1050 Chama Toronto 1050 this morning or 1050 WMG in New York now W
What is it now WHN?
Thanks again for giving Georgia break as you well know doing talk radio is extremely difficult to do smoothly some people never get it
Joy Reynolds
Shknit head done in Mike election Terry it goes on and on and on the list is very long of people who just the
up well right
Charlton Heston that's an excellent one. I mentioned that before but I want to put the second one on myself
Yeah
Always the same crap always hercules always a Moses. Oh, yeah, holy Moses enough with you already
Oh
By the way, he's got Alzheimer's. I just mentioned that in passing so when he quotes that we also have to oh, but he was in the Bible
And he's seen nothing. Yeah, if you think this is something. Oh, yeah
See because Reagan I mean he was just kind of like a stepper. Maybe a step underneath the Duke
But Chuck Heston he was right up there alongside he was
Much of
Macho man
If he's so much welcome he went to shuffle it away from a big fat guy like Michael Moore there, huh?
If he ought to have been embarrassed picking on an old man like that. Yeah, right. I love the nice guy Michael Moore
You go boy go for you. We got the link to a fair night 9 11 the trailer right check it out. You love it
I love you more now that I've seen that trailer. Oh, we also have
Eric just told me we got the link
To that website capital hill blue dot com we got the link nice going Eric
He's not taboo because he's afraid that he's gonna lose the keys to the Empire and Josh will be doing all that work
Which we thought that he wanted Josh doing the first place
Which is why I spent all that money on the computer which went about 85 hands and finally got it in Josh's hand and he's paying
For 50 bucks a month for D. S. Well, I then somebody ought to be telling me about these things
I'm not gonna expect him to be paying for it himself. What is wrong with you man? He can help. I didn't mention that
What he can be helping
We don't why I'm here. But in the meantime, he shouldn't be paying out of his own pocket. See him. They brain
Yeah, that's why he related that so much. Maybe he's got a brain size of a team. Yeah
Let me know how much it is. I'll take care of it 50 bucks a month
Well, but let me know for how long don't be tell me like for five years. Oh, I know some of you guys operate it all a cart like that
Are you pardoned you their have it or you don't?
I understand but he started at a certain point. Don't you get it? Oh, I see the back. Oh god. You are so
Just no wonder your wife hates you like poison anyway. Let's see great Stanley Cup go bold school will
Season start well the season start on time see this is the same
Chronic that facts before I think no, it's not this is Daniel how do I know Daniel, but I sure as hell doubted
That hockey game we saw last night that might be the last hockey and we see for a long time. Oh my god
Georgia survive
Gearshell survive because you don't give a flying crab about hockey anyway
Just out of spite I should put some leaf lunch on the tap a bay. You see there you go. There's bill waters
Boys, he fat. He's a good guy. Oh, he's a good broadcaster. He was not a good GM. But he's a good broadcaster
And Don Cherey might have done his last coaches corner on cvc last night. You are aware of that aren't you?
Who?
Who should know Don Cherey? Rimmer hate you call him enough times for crying out loud. Yeah, I like him a lot more
I'm gonna give you that list of 85 people you had to call mm-hmm
The Don Chule Expressway that high knew you were full of crap the 836 is the dolphin Expressway
You better learn your expressways mister because you sure don't know. Yeah, I don't get down there's often
I'm gonna get the bridge tender all over your ass if you don't watch it. He's dead. Am I right?
Don Chule is the 874 that's why I don't know it because I never I don't think I was even ever on the 874 even when I lived in Kendall
The 836 is the dolphin Expressway anybody knows that mister the dolphin
Plus it's oh here's a very good choice very it says my voice going elsewhere, but I want to add John Pervolta. Yeah
All the way eventually see that one movie played that it was did a good job
We played the father that kid with Kirsty Ali
Was Kirsty Ali was sure Ali in it?
What's the name of that other movie look who's talking?
Where they were building the house and then the Jackass neighbor wanted him kept threatening to do this and do that
I think we're talking about different movies
Oh
Well, he was pretty good
Anyway, here's another let's see the C-A-N-F. Oh yeah Cuban American National Foundation, right?
And of course that immigration policy well, that's another story for another day
I can tell you stories back from W.S. News when I and S people came in but that's
Another story not I and S immigration. Yeah, I and S. La Migra
Today's pool Andy Garcia. Oh, that's a very good one. Thank you Philheim
Villeville, wherever you are Ville or Voney. Oh, here you go and especially since I realized how ugly he was
Hayden Christensen man, that kid is grotesque
He's got zits that haven't been invented yet
Hayden Christensen who we thought they had a lot of makeup on he looked like he was going to be one of those cute
You know, but he's nasty looking and I don't know if he can act or not
Natalie Portman it says take your pick. They have the charisma of socially deprived granite
It says Lucas must have found them at home depot and hardware
Okay, that's cute good factors today got about a hundred more of Reagan the bastion
They're not Reagan bashing. They're just historically accurate is the way I would describe them
I mean some people can't handle the truth like Jack Nicholson would say so there you go
You know that's nobody to mention Jack Nicholson today
Thank goodness
Yeah, although if there's somebody no like them they could put him on there, but I would I would be really pissed when you
That would not make any sense
No, he's great
27 past known at 560 wq. I'm nobody wants to talk about cancer or heart disease
Especially thinking about yourself having it
But it's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well the treatment if you detected early several weeks ago
I went to place in Hollywood called Hollywood Diagnostic Center and I had the and it was easy
Then they may have to take on my clothes off. Thank goodness because it's embarrassing
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy
Which is a lot less intrusive than your traditional colonoscopy and the two tests that I had
coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams like a little virtual trip right down through your lungs and through your stomach and through all your organs and all the way down to your
rectum well
And these exams can detect cancer or the life-dreatening diseases in their early stages
They don't even need a doctor's be for to take these exams before when you walk out of there with a good report
You really have peace of mind and of course if you do have something brewing then you can still catch it while it's before it's too late
For all your imaging exams I heard encourage you to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954
966 3600 for a test that can give you and your family like I said tremendous peace of mind at Hollywood Diagnostic
They offer you state of the our imaging equipment with open MRI high speed cat scan nuclear medicine and much much more
Hollywood Diagnostic they've been serving in community for over 20 years
And they provide you with a complete mobile Diagnostic service that can come right to you if you need to call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 954
966 3600 for those imaging
Imaging exams today could be one of the most important calls you could ever make in your life
Call 954
966 3600 for the Hollywood Diagnostic Center
I'm low-green I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
They were from Canada
Where everything is so much better
They were lens
Our music was a boot like positive enough beat things a lens founder mark a stand zone
Basically a Canadians are like happier than you Americans a we got like a healthcare system
They're like work say and like the crime rate is much lower here a and nobody in the middle east is like mad at us
What are you trying to say oh nothing?
Just nobody calls us to great Satan or anything a look that's enough you
You Canadian oh, it's okay. I know what the hostility is a booty
But like we're this close to legalizing marijuana here too. You are how's anything? Oh any day
Uh, listen, you think you could put me up for a few weeks. You know why let's go out of place to live. Oh sure
Great. Sorry. I got bad before. Whoa
An apology eight I've never heard an American do that
When they're upbeat positive music is shed new light on a place that just might decide not to put me in jail for getting high
It's a big juicy sopping that look at your business tonight
Uninxied about
27.01 at 560 wqm carry closes on Bush and Louisiana
Senator John curious moving up against prison of Bush and Louisiana
And narrowing a 10 point lead held by Bush and March now to just six points the EMP reports
marketing and research institutes shows Bush leading carry 48 to 42 percent
Nearly within the margin of error of the poll
The movement could be because of carries aggressive ad buying strategy in Louisiana
You don't expect to lay entity Republican leaning state to his list of battleground states forcing the president to launch an ad counter strike
Louisiana wouldn't that be something?
And then of course, he picks that Iowa governor that we never heard of before his name already forgot as his running mate
That should the sink him I mean
That should do it
26 till one at 560 wqm ever been in Louisiana
No, I can't don't have had the pleasure don't and it includes noleans okay just just pop in Southern comfort
I keep telling you that that's a good idea of pop it in your VCR
Oh, it's a great movie especially that cage on concert. They stumbled right but what you see is what you get
I guess that's why you didn't know chef Paul Prudon because he's been at cage on crap, you know cage on
Is he the one that says calling in pepper? I don't know. Yeah. He's the one
Oh, then I do know who that is. I think you also talk about Claude pepper over now, then
Okay, let's see Randolph T. Whole Hut. Hey, who the hell is he? Well, let me take a look here
He's a journalist New England for the last 20 years. He writes Ronald Reagan squatted legacy
The conservatives weep and whale over the death of Ronald Reagan and lionize him as a courageous visionary who's in the same league with
Abraham Lincoln and Franklin Roosevelt the president who won the Cold War and restored the nation's greatness on the international stage
Before they succeed in totally rewriting the history books
We must not forget the real Reagan record a record of immorality and corruption that far surpasses anything that Bill Clinton's ever done
Alexander Cockburn in his 1988 book Corruptions of Empire neatly summed up Ronald Reagan's legacy
Dussley
Reaganism is shorthand for a particular culture of consumption a reverie of militarism of violence redeemed of a maniac corrupted and malevolent
Idealism the priorities of this culture at the directly political level were simple enough the transfer of income from the port of the rich
The expansion of war production and an activist foreign policy
Traditional in many ways, but as noam chomsky has said at an extreme end of the spectrum
interventions aversion aggression international terrorism and general gangsterism and lawlessness the essential content of the Reagan doctrine
The Reagan the record on Reagan pretty much supports Cockburn's view Reagan didn't win the Cold War as much as benefit from forcing the Soviet Union
to spend itself into bankruptcy and collapse in effort to keep up with the U.S. and the arms race that it couldn't win
That arms race nearly bankrupted our nation in the process
Thanks to Reagan's overspending on defense
He oversaw the largest peacetime increase in national debt from
$909 billion when he entered office to 2.6 billion when he left
That's 909 million when he entered to 2.6 billion when he left in retrospect the arms buildup was completely unnecessary
Reagan purged analysts from the CIA who dared to say that the Soviets were too broke to be military threat
The CIA would later be totally caught off guard by the collapse of pro-Soviet regimes in Eastern Europe in 1989 in the breakup of the USSR
91
The foreign policy misdeeds of the Reagan years are shameful and immoral
It funded proxy wars in El Salvador and Icaragua
Smirred the reputation of reporters and other observers who told the truth about the atrocities and killing committed by forces
We funded training supported and others the Iran contra-affair a scandal at dwarf water-grade new cheer brazenness
Against the wishes of the U.S. Congress and the American people our government with knowledge and consent of Reagan and most of the top echelon of his administration
secretly sold weapons to Iran and used the proceeds to fund a private army to overthrow the sentinista government in Nicaragua
Laws were broken and the American people were lied to repeatedly the fact that Reagan George Herbert Walker Bush and the rest of the folks involved escape prosecution was itself a crime
While the Reagan years were about squalid foreign policy both covert and overt
Also about unbridled greed
Government was the problem not the solution
Reagan and his followers proclaimed let the magic of the marketplace solve our nation's ills they told us
When a counter domestic policy the Reagan revolution hinged on a simple theory in the private sector spending borrowed money is called investment
When the government borrow money. It's just spending
Government doesn't invest. It just consumes
And if it's not consuming it's getting in the way of free enterprise with its taxes and regulations
This theory that the free market was infallible and government was evil was taken as gospel by the Republicans
Reagan's laissez-faire approach to economy resulted in one of the greatest transfers of wealth in this country's history
According to data gathered in federal surveys the wealthiest 20% of the U.S. received 99% of the total gains in the economy between
1983 and 1989 during that same period the richest 1% picked up 62% of the new wealth that was created
During the Reagan years the number of millionaires in the U.S. tripled while the share of our nation's wealth held by the richest 1% rose from 20%
1970 to 40% in 1990 the tax cuts of the Reagan years would drop the highest federal individual tax rate from 70 to 28%
Contributed greatly to this trend
Instead of public investment we saw social programs eliminated to pay for more tax cuts from 1980 and to 1990
Federal spending on transportation and infrastructure was cut 68% spending for education and training went down 60% and law enforcement and government expenditures declined 58%
The 1980s were an age where wealth was created not by creating new products or services
But by dismantling and reshuffling already existing assets the people who did the dismantling made lots of money while the workers who saw their high-paying jobs disappear paid for the dismantling's profits
The idea of using governments to increase incomes reduce unemployment and maintain a social safety net is now politically unfashionable thanks to Reagan
The only public spending that's still acceptable is money for the military industrial complex and corporate welfare
This is Ronald Reagan's real legacy to America and it's not one to celebrate
It's a legacy of criminality abroad and plunder at home
It's a legacy of the devaluation of the public sphere and how a second-rate actor pulled off his greatest rule the genial dunce as a great leader
It's hardly a legacy to celebrate
Or I'll be telling you to the amass media to huh? That's great
You can't say that demand just croak for Krennau La
I just said it
20 to 1 in 560 QAM
My mind and local
Here's sports radio 560 QAM
The sky is falling
I
They're bombing them will probably close the pool again tired of those pesky summertime terrorist attacks
Where did that nerve gas come from now? I have to finish this golf game with a stupid mask on
For don't let bother some terrorist attacks get to you get a tarragon just spray and
Terror's away last year someone blew up a nuclear reactor down the street pointed at right plenty of the beach get
Terror gone stops irritating embassy bombings right where they start also great for those picnic killing biological and chemical
honey these hot dogs don't taste like I bet it's that darn anthraps again. Did you remember to bring the terror gone?
I always remember
Thanks honey you saved the day hand your life
4 out of 5 Homeland Security Directors recommend terror gone over the leading terrorism spray
So this summer when terrorism spawns get terror gone
Pro 44 16 to 1 mad dog stand by him be long at 2 here's the pull result right now who is the most overrated movie actor or actress of all time
Johnway in the duke you can't touch the duke he's ready to all or Kevin Costars moving close to his ass Kevin's got 75
Canner Reeves 74 he's moving up on both
James Dean 68 Judy Roberts 39 Jennifer Lopez J. Lose got 38
Couldn't act your way out of a paper sack Merlin Monroe 37 Elvis 25 Honol's got 23 will Smith and Vin Diesel Van Diesel each have 20
Uh Mel Gibson 13 Charlie Chaplain aid Richard Gears got a seven
Herson Ford 7 Robert Nero 5 Al Pacino 5
Michael Douglas Foll Rock Hudson Foll Brad Pitt Foll Marlon Brando Foll Rock Hell Wells Foll Gene Hackman 3
Tom Hanks 3 Paul Walker 3
So I can't act who cares Charlton Heston 3 John Travolta 3 Frank Sinatra 2
Elkimer 2 Hayden Christianson little Hayden's got 2 cover up that face Merrill Streep 1 hungry Bogart 1 Natalie Portman 1
Sir Lawrence Olivia is got one with her without Danny get K no votes yet for Michael Cain Dennis Hopper Andy Garcia
The N. S. Red Grave or you and the Gregor out of 591 votes a lot of votes considering the fact we've been
Dilly Dallying around here, you know what?
Well, that doesn't stop him. Well, here's line 9 Q.A. M. Hello
I'll get out of here
I would put things I watched and out there for him. Let's put it on anyway. Yeah that guy like I said one of my least favorite
You're an idiot man. You just speak okay. Just once try to conduct yourself like a human being. Okay. I know it's so be an act speaking about acting
Just speak sound off like you got a pair
Yeah, pretend that you're like a real person one did just once we give you a purple star and a gold jelly being like Jerry Wittner
Of course, he still did
Okay, let me get to this other stuff. I don't want to like her run out of time here
Okay, because I get must meet my appointed rounds. I got let's see one two. I got a few more here
Now some of the may overlap and some of the points. All though quite frankly. You can't say more than enough
Peter Preston in the British paper The Guardian writes Ronald Reagan towering. He wasn't
He was a truly great American a towering figure of our age and so on and so forth from lady Thatcher Michael Howard George
W and all who's screwed yesterday to very Ronald Reagan in an ocean of tribute
Holy edginess. What kind of a word is that in an old-reage in this ocean of tribute? How deep is that ocean?
It's amazing how fast your feet touch rocky bottom
Reagan for the moment as a particular niche in American folklore
He came after poor care war and Jimmy Carter. He was sunshine after rain
He made deaf jokes and read an auto cue better than any president before or since
He smiled and aweshocked easily a man for picket fences and peeking and pie a frank capra hero
Picking on a white house lawn the good times rolled through his eight years of power
And oh yes, he was that strong guy who won the Cold War one in quotes
Is this enough for towering greatness? Ah shucks it barely stands straight let alone tall
There was one hero of Ronnie's two terms one really strong fellow who won everything together
But his name was Jim Baker the brilliant political manager and mate of vice president George Bush
Who became chief of staff on a crisis of competence threatening everything when Donald Reagan bailed out in the overall officer in pear shaped
Kindle like clearance is asked James A. Baker the turd was for a while the best president america never had and Ronnie upstairs
snoozing or watching TV was a passenger riding his luck
There is no point simply no point in turning Ronald Reagan into some mythic master now that he's gone
I travel campaign trails with him and lack that his jokes. He pressed flesh and political buttons better than most
He was hollywood on a small town visit
Maybe postcard of the US psyche did need bathing in such bomb for a while
But the reputation which flows from there is hockham squared
A champion of individual freedom see how Reagan the bosses the screen actors guild kept his head well down when McCarthy started firing
Poisonous darts an ideal family man only if you like your families dysfunctional and your Christianity still born again
A man of action when the going gets rough in Beirut then to use the jargon he cut and ran a warrior
Only if you're recommending Grenada was tougher than a friendly against Iceland a Wizard of detail
He didn't understand Iran comfort from start to finish a non-plotter who couldn't follow the plot
Wasn't he though a true idea log of the conservative way that it was rubber a rubbish claim that even Mrs. Statcher found hard to make with a straight face
Ronald Reagan's son let years of prosperity were built from the straw ballooning deficits
Live now let old George Bush pay later. He believed in tax cuts but not hard choices
There was no pain to his gain no structural reform
No reality of change to be vattle through he let others pick up his tabs
And as for winning that last war but two the cold one before his drugs and terrorism did Reagan piling cruise missiles into Europe
Dreaming star satellite dreams of zapping bad hats truly win anything
Didn't he just watch the Soviet Union self-destruct on his watch was Reagan around for the Prague spring
Which told the first story of the empires disintegration?
The plane fact which nobody discerned is that everything the West said about unsustainable economic systems and ramshaka
bureaucracies was right the plane fact was that Soviet hegemony
Couldn't last and that the war was one mostly of mutual and comprehension
Give Ronnie credit for not dropping the ball near the basket
But don't make him FDR in the process
No, the towering lesson of Reagan's tenure was rather different
It was about what the job amount to do and how you needed to do it since the war and harding and cool the disasters 30 or more years ago
About 30 man
America expected and wanted more a Roosevelt to be revered a Truman to be sustained and I can experience in Kennedy field with hope
Acute LBJ and clever of tricky dicky some of those choices went well and some were lousy
But the hurdle of effort next parties was said even higher could the system keep on producing and then
Ambling out of Sacramento in his as his 70s neared came Nancy and Ronnie in their matching check sure
It's the record man examination have been scratched and fuzzy their friends too fat and nest-fethered for comfort
But they talked the talk seemed to walk the walk and made the White House manageable again
You didn't need to engage brain if you could hire it for the duration you didn't need to be brighter brinning
Ah shocks they made George W. Possible
How do you like that?
That's what they left us was Abu Gharrab that
What a legacy, eh?
These are great aren't they really Robert Perry writes
That's P-A-R-R-Y. Well, this is a long one
Wow
AP and Newsweek writer broke many of the stories are now known as the Iran Comfort Fear currently working on a book about the secret political history of the two George Bushes
Oh, I like that
It's pretty long though. I don't want to start it now and then have to like read this interruptus
Maybe I can do this other one now before the break you think
Hmm
Now I'll try it push the break
John Nichols Reagan's politics of passion
John Nichols in the nation speaks for itself
Rest assured that the radical be working of history that America witnessed in the hours after Ronald Reagan died Saturday at 93
Will be temporary while the over-the-top media coverage and official commentary regarding the 40th president's passing has made him out to be such a noble figure that otherwise
Rational people have been heard to suggest that Reagan was the greatest president of the 20th century will not take long for a balancing to begin
In short order the assessments of Reagan the man and of his 10-year-in-the-oval office will be tempered
Then conservatives and liberals will be free to consider this ideologically driven and discarded presidents record with eyes wide open
For now, however, realism is in short supply much to the detriment of not just the historical record, but of Reagan's memory
All of a sudden the man who redirected tens of billions of dollars away from domestic needs to build up the
largest nuclear arsenal on the planet
ran up record deficits some members of his administration investigated and indicted at a staggering rate and
himself came close to being impeached for allowing AIDS to create a shadow government that pedal weapons
Disborn enemies of the U.S. and use the profits to fund illegal wars in central America was remade as a statesman
We store dignity and direction to his country
Well, no one should be grudge Reagan's admirers this opportunity to replay those morning in America commercials that were deployed
With such success during the last of the rants fourth runs for the presidency
It's a bit embarrassing to watch pundits and polls who know better embracing the spin
The problem with all this hero worship is that the spin on the estimates and mischaracterizes Reagan
It reduces a complex and controversial man to a blurry icon with few of the ruffages that made him one of the most remarkable
Political figures of his time
That he was remarkable doesn't mean that he was right most of what Reagan did during his two-terms governor
California and two-terms as president can most terribly be described as misguided
Aside from his support for abortion rights during his governorship and his opposition to anti-gain issues in California during the late 70s
Reagan displayed an amazing ability to place himself on the wrong side of issues and of history
Yet there is something that liberals can and should learn from Reagan
Ronald Reagan was a master politician who understood how to package right wing ideas and appealing enough forums to get himself elected
And sometimes to implement his programs
Even when Americans didn't like the ideas that Reagan was peddling as in 1984 when polls show Democrat Walter Mondale's ideas were significantly more popular
They liked Reagan throughout his career Reagan benefited from the pension of Americans to embrace politicians
Who seem to be at ease with their ideology
This sense that true believers are genuine creates confidence and citizens lighting itself to lines like
Even if he disagree with him you know where he stands and such lines translate an election day into votes that frequently crossed
ideological and partisan lines
Reagan connected as a conservative by displaying an optimism about his ideology and his potential that most rightly need politicians before him
It lacked and that optimism transformed the conservative movement from a petty circle of grumbling cynics who believe that every glass was half empty and
Probably poisoned into energetic and dear it be said happy warriors on behalf of tax cuts ever more expensive weapons systems
corporate welfare privatization deregulation and the blurring of lines between church and state
In the years after Republican right-winger very gold waters landslide loss of the 64 election
Many conservatives had doubts about whether they would ever be able to pedal their programs successfully
But Reagan did not doubt he believed and his faith was infectious
It helped him be the liberal Democratic governor, California 1966 and a moderate democratic president
1980 and it permitted a new generation of conservatives to feel they were part of a movement not just with principles
But with the future as that movement grasped its future during Reagan's presidency and its aftermath
Liberals especially those working within the constraints of the Democratic Party began to be the ones who entertained doubts
Many Democrats gave up all together in the liberal values that a curated party with its great success
greatest successes and move to the right
It was a tragic error for which the Democratic Party continues to pay
The lesson to be learned from Reagan is not an ideological one his ideology was wrong for America and wrong for the world
Something even Reagan sometimes recognizes when he backed away from the most extreme tenants of the conservative agenda
Do for instance defend social security and when he finally agreed at the behest of Margaret Thatcher to negotiate with reform
So we have leader Mikhail Gorbachev
Rather the lesson to be learned from Reagan is a stylistic one
He loved preaching his conservative doctrines and he loved battling with liberals at the ballot box at the debate podium and the capital
It was a conservative first and Republican second
He showed no respect for party decorum
Challenging a sitting Republican president Gerald Ford who he felt was too moderate
And he was willing to lose on principle whether in that 1976 nomination with Ford or during his presidential terms and fights with Congress over tax policy
Foreign affairs or nominations to the US Supreme Court
Just imagine if Bill Clinton has been as committed to advancing an activist liberal ideology as Reagan was to his conservative agenda
America might have a national health care plan today
Labor law reform could have become a reality rather than empty promise
The US would certainly have a more progressive judiciary and here's another notion
If Clinton or Al Gore had put as much energy and enthusiasm in educating Americans about and promoting a liberal agenda
As Reagan did for his conservative ideals the US today would have a different Congress and president
This willingness to fight so fearlessly and forcefully for his political faith is what made the 40th president remarkable
It is what inspired conservatives and it is the one thing that liberals would do well to learn from Ronald Reagan
My life and laws this is 4256
You weigh in
But heads it's the one to two hour
Oh
Here we see that we're lagging
About a headline that will be you
Absolutely
We get
Now they I the only one
여
Ove
Oh
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to do to me
Can't get any rubber but a own party color to me
You believe what they say like the fall
Like the fall of the waterfall
As they you have made the scaryest dance of the fall
With true, those the electric ball
We got a bat, which is got his game
We got a rainbow
A Bugara
We got a rainbow
We got a rainbow
We got a 60, it's our gigantic humongous smelly one to two hour
Look at that, we got a battle going on between the Duke and Cano Reeves
Ever seen the two of together?
They both walked funny
John Wayne 86, Cano Reeves 81, Kevin Costner 79
Just keep in mind that John Wayne's name was Miriam
I'll never forget
Right
And anyway, Bert Randall somebody says
And he deserves a lot of hope
It's even though we like them in Boogie Nice and in Deliverance a lot
Right
But other than that
I think those smoking abandoned movies
Haha
All those movies he made with Dom Deloizi
I think that might have done them in
So Bert Randall's against some votes
And now somebody else who's undecided can't decide between Dan Acquired
Which I don't know why that's on there, I like Dan Acquired
And Dustin Hoffman, which I like him both
But we'll put him on there just to make you happy
I'll say
Okay
Adam Rubin from moveon.org
From moveon.pack emails
And I'm sure a lot of you you're probably on this thing to our yes indeed
Good
Says do you move on member if you've seen election coverage lately you know that
Although John Kerry is growing stronger
Although you never know that about the complexion of his face
And President Bush is supportive of this folder and the country is still almost evenly divided
This means election will hinge on turnout which team can most effectively get its supporters to vote
Simply put to win we must speak to millions of our fellow Americans about what's the stake in November
And why every single vote will count if we do this
We will take back the White House and put a stop to the Bush administration's assault on the environment
Civil liberties jobs, choice, civil rights access to healthcare, not to mention world peace
This Saturday June 12 is the second election action day
And move on members will be hitting into a neighborhoods to register and or mobilize progressive voters and local areas
As you may know you live in a battleground state that will be critical in the sighting of November election
Please help
And it says see details that your local events sign up at and then it's got a link for you to click
Says on May 8 almost 10,000 move on members contacted hundreds of thousands of voters during the first ever
National election action day held in coalition with dozens of allied groups
It was the biggest one-day voter member of the mobilization effort in American history
An incredible display of the impact that concerned citizens can have when we put together
Think of this
If each move on member registers two people between now and November as this volunteer did
Will register four million voters easily enough to sway the outcome of the presidential election
If we each register ten will have registered twenty million voters and change the voter landscape of this country completely
If you've never done this before this kind of voter mobilization march on intimidating
But move on members told us again and again how glad they were made to have had a chance to do it
How you like that?
So that's this Saturday what I would do is just to go to move on.org if you remember or even if you're not yet
Out to check it out.
Went out
Rating Reagan a bogus legacy this will have to be a two-parter because I'll never I don't want to like rush through it by Robert Perry
I don't want to pop any oxys while I'm reading it
Robert Perry in the 80s while with the Associated Press and Newsweek he broke many of the stories now known as the Iran Congress scandal
He's currently working on a book about the secret political history of George Bush one and George both the W of two
He says the US Newsweek is reaction to Ronald Reagan's death is putting on display what has happened to the American public debate in the year since Reagan's political rise in the late 70s
A near total collapse of serious analytical thinking at the national level
Analytical thinking
Across the US television dialed in a major American newspapers the commentary is spawning almost in a provd-like way
Far beyond the normal reticence against speaking ill of the dead
Left the center commentators compete with conservatives to hail Reagan supposedly geneal style and his alleged role in winning the Cold War
The Washington Post front headline Ronald Reagan dies was in giant type more fitting the moon landing
Yet absent from the media commentary was the one fundamental debate that must be held before any reasonable assessment commemediated Ronald Reagan as presidency
How why and when was the Cold War one?
If for instance the United States was already on the verge of victory over a foundering Soviet Union in the early to mid 70s as some analysts believe
Then Reagan's two historic role may not have been winning the Cold War but helping to extend it
If the Soviet Union was already enraped to climb rather than the ascendancy that Reagan believed in the massive US military build up in the 80s was not decisive it was excessive
The terrible bloodshed in Central American African including dead squad activities by US clients was not some necessary evil
It was a war crime aided and abetted by the Reagan administration
That debate however has never been engaged except by Reagan accolades who choose to glorify Reagan's role in winning the Cold War rather than examining the assumptions that got it as policies in the 70s and 80s
Although it's largely forgotten now Reagan's rise within the Republican Party was as a challenger to the Daytona strategies pursued by Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger before the Watergate scandal forced Nixon from office and later by Gerald Ford
They thought was in effect an effort to ease the Cold War to an end much as finally occurred in the late 1980s and early 90s
Cold War years Nixon and Kissinger along with much of the Western Telda's community had recognized the systemic weakness of the Soviet Union which was falling desperately behind the Western technology and the ability to produce consumer goods desired by the peoples of Eastern Europe
One only needed a look at nighttime satellite photos to see the disparity between the glittering city lights of North America, Western Europe and parts of Asia compared to the darkness across the Soviet block
Under this analysis of Soviet weakness the 1970s was the time for the Western would set victory and begin transitioning in the Soviet Union and out of its fairly economic model
Not only could that approach have hastened the emergence of a new generation of Russian reformers it would have allowed world leaders to pull back from the edge of nuclear confrontation
Third world civil wars also could have been addressed as local conflicts not east west test of strength
But American conservatives and a new group of neo-cons who would become the ideological backbone of the Reagan administration saw the situation differently
They insisted that the Soviet Union was on the rise militarily with pants to surround the U.S. and eventually conquered by attacking through the soft underbelly of Central America
In 1976 then CIA director George Herbert Walker Bush gave an important boost to this apocalyptic vision by allowing a group of conservative analysts including young Paul Wolfowitz inside the CIA's analytical division
The group known as the B team team B was permitted to review highly classified U.S. intelligence on the Soviet Union
Along with the team B analysis came the theories of academic Jean Kirkpatrick who made a name for himself and an analysis that differentiated between authoritarian and totalitarian governments
In Kirkpatrick's theory right wing authoritarian governments were preferable to left wing communist governments because authoritarian governments could have allowed for democracy while communist governments couldn't
These two factors the team B take on the military rise of the Soviet block and in Kirkpatrick doctrine's view of immutable communist regimes guided Reagan's foreign policy
Reagan relied on these analyses to justify both his massive U.S. military build up in the 80s which put the U.S. government deeply into debt and his support for right wing regimes that engage in blood vats against their opponents especially across Latin America
As far back as the late 1970s for example Reagan defended the Argentine military junta while it was engaged in the use of state terror and was disappearing tens of thousands of dissidents
Those tactics included barbaric acts such as cutting babies out of pregnant women so the mothers could then be executed while the babies were given to the murderers
In the 1980s and Guatemala Reagan ate in military regimes that weighed scorched earth campaigns against rural peasants including genocide against Indian populations
Reagan personally attacked the human rights reports describing atrocities inflicted on hundreds of May invilages on December 4, 1982 after meeting with Guatemala and dictator General Efron Rios Mont
Reagan hailed the general as totally dedicated to democracy and asserting that Rios Mont's government was getting a bum rat
tens of thousands more people died at the hands of right wing security forces in El Salvador and Honduras while the Nicaragua run a Reagan funnel support to the converse
who behave like kind of a death squad and waiting committing widespread atrocities against Nicaragua and civilians while funding some operations with a cocaine trafficking to the U.S.
If followed after or if followed that if the Soviet Union were on the verge of world conquest and it would mean permanent slavery then desperate measures were required
But the problem with the TB analysis in the Kirkpatrick document is that both were wrong. The evidence is now clear that by the 1970s the Soviet Union was in sharp decline both economically and militarily
Rather than some grandiose strategy for World Conquest Moscow was in largely defensive posture try to hold in line countries near its borders such as Eastern Europe and Afghanistan
The Helsinki Accords for Human Rights also were put in the Soviet Union under greater pressure as this incident movement such as Poland solidarity took shape within Moscow sphere of influence
Besides greater personal freedom Soviet block residents wanted the higher quality consumer goods available in the West
Even a bigger threat to Moscow's power was the growing chasm between Western technological advances and Soviet backwardness
By the late 70s and 80s the relatively modest assistance that Moscow handed out to friendly third world regime such as Cuba and Nicaragua was more showed in substance
The Soviet Union had become a national potentian villagy how allowed economy and bankrupt political system would nuclear weapons
Along with the miscalculations of team B strategic analysis they Kirkpatrick doctrine failed to stand the test of time
Democratic government sprouted across Eastern Europe and the Sandinistas conceded defeat in Nicaragua not as Koch has marched into Managua but following a lost election
Indeed if the Soviet Union had been what American conservatives claimed the nation marching toward world supremacy in the early 80s
How would one explain its rapid collapse only a few years later?
After all the Soviet Union was invaded or conquered its troops did suffer losses in Afghanistan but that would have no more brought down a true superpower than the Vietnam defeat could cause the US to collapse
Despite these facts the right wing's historical take on the Cold War was one has been broadly accepted with the elite opinion circles of the US
Reagan's hard line stance toward the Soviet Union caused the communist to crumble given how powerful the right wing meeting machine had gotten by the early 90s
Liberals largely chose to see the Cold War debate of the conservatives and tried to shift the public's focus to future US domestic needs
So instead of a soul searching examination of the unnecessary loss of blood and treasure the nation got a feel good history
Gone was any reassessment of the alarmist views associated with Ronald Reagan and ideological cohorts gone were any questions about whether the expenditure of hundreds of billions of dollars on new weapon systems was justified
Whether the US government should be held accountable for the brutal accesses of counterinsurgency wars in Central America
The unpleasant history was shunned or decided or covered up when declassified US government documents led to a judgment by a Guatemalan troop commission that the Reagan administration and aided an embedded genocide it was a one-day story
When a CIA inspector general confirmed that many country units had engaged in drug trafficking and were protected by the Reagan administration the mainstream press only grudgingly acknowledged the story
Another little notice part of the Reagan legacy was his credentialing of a generation of the conservative operatives who learned the importance of manipulating intelligence from team B and about managing the perceptions of the American people from the Nicaraguan contra war
As Walter Raymond Reagan's chief of public diplomacy was fond of saying about how to sell the Nicaraguan conflict of the American people the goal was to glue black cats on the left to sand and the east and white hats on the contrary
George W. Bush's strategy for rallying the American public behind the war in Iraq with hyped intelligence about military threats and extreme rhetoric about the evil of US adversaries follows the game plan drawn up by Reagan's national security team in the 80s
Arguably to another troubling part of Ronald Reagan's legacy is the press corps stultifying version of recent American history a superficiality richly on display in the media peons to Reagan following his death
Oh well, I think I'm out of steam
You getting the message?
113 at 560 QAM
My and local
This is 440560
The way to QAM
We're like a young man
I got the costume you've been up to!
But for animals it was three months that changed everything just thinking all along
You just need to let in the people who love you
If I don't let people in, they can't let me hurt me
And a life is about the letting in of the people who love you to let them in and to trust them to catch you when they fall in love
And I don't like this toxic morning
You know what daddy looks like saying hate you
Hannah, it's your daughter, father
And find someone!
Sometimes from the people you love fall, they don't catch you on the way down
But your heart and your love aren't the same thing yet for the eternity of life's inner fighter
On August 29th open your heart and pick it up when it falls
Mandy Moore or Jessica Beale
Sometimes the one that went James' real life
A real life of the day
That introducing Jake Renway for the person who loved isn't there to catch you on the train before
You know, dying real life
They start every movie with basically the same plot
Pretty white teens with problems
118 at 560 WQM
Here's a go on for the poll, Ben Affleck
Yeah, amen
Says throw JLo in there, they both sucks his feet
Well JLo is already doing very well
She's moving on up rapidly
Facts she's already in fifth place
John Wayne 89, Ken O'Rees 84, Kevin Coste 82, James Dean 70
And JLo is moving right up on her ass 45
Although I think they're all safe
Fueyde Roberts 44, Marilyn Monroe 39, Will Smith got 32
I'm pleased as punch to see that
Elvis 29, Vin Diesel 26, Arnold 24, Mel Gibson 16
Everybody else has got the old single digits
Well we had a Facts yesterday from Stuttering Gill and Homestead member
Yes it is
About Al Gore and the Mayor of Penis, Virginia
Yeah, I got to figure out how I sent
Gore says, and this was in Sunday's hero, which I admit
Sorry about that, Kiel, the better life than never
So I looked it up and I'm glad I did
Former vice president Al Gore
Who you notice lately he's starting to get
I wish he would have put stuff like this for the four
Al Gore, they drag the good name
Of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein
Horts your breath
Abu Gharr rape that one, yeah
Former vice president Al Gore who lost the 2000 presidential election
by allegedly 537 votes in Florida on Saturday called
Miami-Dade Mayor Alex Penelos the most the single most treacherous
And Dessana's person I dealt with during the campaign
Anywhere in America
Absolutely correct sir
The statement was emailed by a Gore spokesman in response to a
Harold inquiry about Penelos' role in the 2000 campaign
Gore's support to say the vice president had counted on
Penelos for a late boost in the Hispanic community
And the Mayor didn't come through
What a stunky is man at Penelos
What a puss
The harsh remarks came just to be must before Penelos faces a democratic
primary election for the U.S. Senate
Gore's reproach could seriously damage the Mayor's bid
to succeed Senator Bob Graham
Oh rack since party loyalist
Tend to dominate turn out in a primary
In a telephone interview Saturday evening Penelos defended himself
saying he was by Gore's side from the very beginning
Oh my God
Al Gore has a right to be upset about the election
but he had he won his home state of Tennessee or West Virginia
We wouldn't be here Penelos said
He also role as an explanation is to why he waited until
the middle of October to engage in Florida
He said Gore had declined to return his phone calls to discuss the 2000 campaign
The Mayor has been defending his loyalty to Gore for a full year in response to attacks from his Democratic rival
U.S. Representative Peter Doich
Hugo Peter
The congressman went so far as to boycott last June's Florida Democratic party dinner in his hometown of Hollywood
because Penelos was receiving an award there
Then at a recent forums Penelos has described himself as a strong Gore supporter
but the vice president statement said
Not all who claimed to have been supportive and loyal
Truly were
Gore who rarely gives interviews added in his statement
As the campaign moves forward and when appropriate I'll have more to say about this and we can't wait for that
Stick it to him Al
Stick it
Stick both of your feet right up his old back to shoot
In fact, Gore went out of his way to praise Doich
who has served in Congress since 1992
saying in the statement
Peter Doich is a good and dear friend who's been a stand-up leader for our party in difficult times
such as the 2000 election in the Republican Florida
Penelos did help raise hundreds of thousands of dollars for Gore
when he ran with Bill Clinton in 96 and when he headed the ticket in 2000
During one fundraising trip to Miami, Gore and Penelos toasted the victory with Cuban Capacitos
What is that?
Little coffee
Devitasis
At the reception Penelos gushed to the crowd
We're so looking forward to calling you President Gore
The mayor also touted Gore on Spanish language radio
a main source of political news for Hispanic voters
There were rumors that he might even become his running mate
The political horror that he is mayor penis pecania
But relations between the two men afraid
After five-year-old Ilyan Gonzalez was rescued at sea on Thanksgiving Day 1999
Many from Penelos' political base, the heavily-re-publican Cuban-American community
Tucked to the streets in rage when federal agencies little Ilyan need to a gunpoint
from his relative's home in Senabaku's father in Cuba
They seized him right on the hands of the fisherman
Though President Clinton and Attorney General Janorino were the most visible players during the crisis
Many Cuban ex-ozlumped Gore with a federal government that returned the boy to a oppressive regime
Penelos kept his distance too instead of joining Gore when he clenched the Democratic nomination in March in Tallahassee
Penelos attended his own fundraisers there
And August he skipped the Democratic National Convention to focus on his eight-relection opponents
On October 18th of the day after his swearing in, Penelos was a no-show
And he has spanned a get-out to vote rally in Ilyan
Later that day he and his wife headed to Spain to his Spania
On a trip that was part vacation, part trade mission, he didn't return to October 30th
But third man!
The week before the election
Mitchell Berger, a leading Gore fundraisers, said he and others helped raise out of state money for Penelos
So we could have let her run off and spend more time rallying his spaniac voters for the Vice President
Alice Penelos did not help Al Gore during the most crucial time said Berger, who was supporting Deutsche
Deutsche in contrast was a constant presence of the Broward County
Re-County called for a federal investigation of rowdy protest to date at the Re-County for Chaut Thalminos
Jack gases from out of town were sent in so they could pound on the door going
Plantassin! Plantassin!
He hosted fundraisers for Gore and donated 250 grand from his congressional account
One of the largest contributions of its kind to a national campaign
Both supporters and critics of Deutsche thought his assault on Penelos might backfire
Gore statement gives Deutsche more ammunition than he could hope for
I would like to thank the Vice President for his gracey short support and for saying what needed to be said
Deutsche through spokesman Roy Tysher, former Florida Education Commissioner Betty Kaster, Hollywood businessman Bernard Klein will also be on the primary ballot
They got no chance
Although Penelos has been politics for 17 years, this is the first time he's run as a Democrat
All of his past campaigns for the highly the, the higher lea city council, date counter commission and date mayor of Vinnon Partisan
Still he's been one of the party's best fundraisers, he's also embraced core Democratic values for sending for gun control
Standing up for gay rights and spreading a constitutional amendment to require public pre-kindergarten
If some people want to measure my Democratic credentials by the 2000 election that's fine Penelos said
I've been loyal and dedicated Democrat for a long time, you should live so long
How do you like that huh?
That alienator thing, man that was the real chigger in a wood pile right there
Little alienator and the abortless and sister Jean the dancer machine and Jen Arino and the fisherman and the Marys Grisi ass
And the drunken relatives and the planes you playing there was a little alien to the backyard
Is it playing he was doing his best early feelings of imitation in Espanol?
Is it playing take me back to Cuba?
Oh no, that's not what you meant. Oh no, no, whatever, whatever you say
All right, let's get some more calls in here because I'm just, I don't know what the hell inspired me on this
I don't know this, huh? It's fun. What? I'm enjoying it.
Fun for you because you're sitting back around your ass not having to listen to all these important callers that we get
Although a circuit court trial date of July 26th has been set this more of Josh's alley since he's a jocks nipper
A circuit court date trial of July 26th has been set for Miami football recruit Willie Williams
Does anybody care about Willie Williams? No.
On a felony charge, you're illegally setting off fire extinguishers even as attorney continued to seek a plea bargain that would lower the
Led's offense to a misdemeanor. Come on boys, I'll be boys. Let Willie play.
Well, even I can't believe that. Okay, setting off the fire.
Remember that? Yeah. Why don't we care about that?
He was also charged with a misdemeanor for hugging a woman against her will on the same visit to a gainsville.
Oh boy, and his due back in gainsville on June 15th for a case management conference on that
It's defense for a case management conference. What is that? That's illegal down by the way. What what?
Hugging women against their will. Yeah, I just walked up to him kind of like giving him a big hug in the case only Richard Simmons is
Love to do that. Oh, and also the guy that used to be on PBS. What was his name? That screamer that
BAAAMING Mr. Rogers. No, no, no. The guy that used to have that show where he'd go out in the audience and
Give him a nice delicious hug. What was that guy that that pseudo like a
Screaming doctor feel that kind of guy. Well, you know who I'm talking about. No. Yes, you do.
We used to talk about him all the time. We did? Yeah, he wants to give you a nice delicious hug.
A delicious hug? Delicious. The Scotty.
Biscotti. Biscalia. You got it. Now where did that come from?
Bokehbride is in the studio here. Oh Leo Biscadia. That's the one that he was with that.
Wasn't he the love doctor something like that they called him? The love doctor. I don't know that guy. I know what he was.
BAAAMING! I'll be honest with you. If it would have been me, I'd have given hugs to much better looking people
And then I guess I guess to get to one good one you got a hug a few ugly people first right? That's what I always say.
27 after one at five sixty WQM. Hey, by now you all know about balance for life. Is that correct?
Yeah. And we know the big issue for most of you is should you do the five day plan or the seven day plan.
People are having fist fights about this all over town. And the five day plan doesn't include the weekends.
But if you just want a few meals on Saturday and Sunday the seven day plans good all the meals. But what if you have dinner plans for the weekend?
It's all or nothing with that seven day plan. Well now balance for life being the ingenious people that they are.
They created the six day plan on Friday night you'll get one bag one sack for the entire weekend.
Kind of like what mode tries to use so you can choose which meals you want to eat and when.
The best part about this plan is since balance for life is the only meal delivery service that offers you choices.
You can choose meals from either of these Saturday at Sunday menu. I hope you're following this because it's pretty complicated.
And add to this plan if you tell the wonderful people at balance for life where you're going to eat out they'll tell you which items on the menu are balanced for life approved.
What a complete service and balance for life is working exclusively with the few local restaurants, the label menu items.
Balance for life approved one of these days. They'll let us know which restaurants they are. We'll tell you.
So move over atkins the zone is the way to go to lose that fan that disgusting unhealthy.
Nice looking fat plus keep an eye out on that website balance for life.com for new and exciting changes to log on now register for their newsletter balance for life.com or column tool free.
One eight six six two two five twenty five forty three. That's one eight six six two two five forty five forty three.
Five local six five six three is yours.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
You win.
Because these millions and millions of new people are coming to Florida.
They're not the old banana boat crowd that, you know, your people.
Yeah, Miguel reminds me they could they call it food ball.
They call her what?
Food ball.
Yeah, food ball with a UFUTBOL.
That's correct.
Food ball.
What does he know?
Anyway, speaking of, let's take some calls, okay, because I'm just burned out.
I think I overdid it today.
I apologize profusely, not for just reading.
This is like those awful seven months when I just said here reading and reading.
And Miguel hated it like poison in which that I would die.
It just despised it.
Hated it.
Yes.
Well, too bad.
I'm not programming some banana boat mentality like you used to have it until you finally
wise up.
Until you finally realized what fashion is it really all about?
Huh?
See, he didn't think fascism was all that bad thinking back to Batista.
But what the hell does he know about Batista?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8?
He made the trains run in time.
Who do you like better?
Fashista or Kamonista?
Or Batista?
Oh, I know how to be good watch.
WQM, hello.
I told you I knew it.
WQM, hello.
Who I am?
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm sure I'll be beaten this today with this intensive pockety crowd.
But how about them cuff finals?
Yeah.
Oh, we have one call on it.
Are you serious?
I miss most of the show.
I mean, I was kind of in sarcastic.
I thought somebody would have called.
No, not one.
I would have played the closing seconds of the game in a crowd reaction.
I played it twice.
But no calls because we have no hockey fans in South Florida in addition to which they're
jealous of the attempt of eight lightweights who played so great in the Brad Richards and
Nikolai Hobby Bullin in the whole crowd.
And a great play that the Vinyalik Cavalier made us out of the second goal.
That was awesome.
Awesome series.
I know.
I guess it was not an awesome series.
It got exciting when it got to the sixth game.
Some of the first four or five games, man, we just coma inducing.
It was pretty bad crap.
But when it got to the sixth game and that went over time and then we set up that seventh
game, I don't know how you can not have an exciting aesthetic up final when it goes to
the seventh game.
It was pretty intense.
I hear that.
What was it like?
It was only 16th one in the top series.
Is that right?
That went to the seventh?
Something like that.
13 or 16.
Now, I'm really kind of out of the loop.
Are we not looking at no season for next year still as of right now?
Don't look too good.
Oh, man.
You got two group balls.
You've got Bob Goodnell on the one side.
It was a jackass.
You got Gary Atbetman who's a little trip who's in denial on the other side.
And I don't see any way that they're going to prevent a lockout.
I just can't see it.
And if they do have a lockout, I think the NHL of future, the whole league is in real
big trouble if they do that.
Nice.
Nice.
Yeah.
What do you think of the coaching change with Florida now with my keen and being the
champion?
I think it's a disaster.
I think it's ridiculous.
They can't keen in because they didn't want them in the first place.
Now they're bringing them back because Jacques Martan said he wanted them because they
went.
They were college buddies together.
All of a sudden, the bullcrap, they, Alan Cohen hasn't got any idea of how to run a franchise.
And here, Rick Dudley, they were saying, oh, well, here's the guy that built up Tampa
to what they are today.
They're going to be a dynasty.
They won a couple last night.
And now Rick Dudley's gone.
So what was all that BS about?
Alan Cohen, he's just flailing around desperately because the franchise is on the way out
of him.
I'm afraid.
Oh, God help us all.
Thanks for catching me up.
Good luck, Palli.
And say how the guilty of the game.
I'm sorry to be the Vera bad news like that.
But nevertheless, let's see.
Here's hiding under the bed.
Mine, he's still under there.
But it came out in time to fax this to us.
I attended the Florida Democratic Convention last year.
Alex Penelope was the only person booed by the people when he got up to speak.
They really stuck it to him.
All I can say to that is, good.
Well deserved Alex.
You liar.
You phony.
Hey, I wonder how he and what his name were doing.
Mickey Harrison.
He slipped to Mickey to the voters in day two.
People forget about that.
At liar, liar, your Guava, Arizona fire.
It says I'll miss Schmidt myself.
I heard the VP shortlist for Kerry.
Not since the Libra man picked by L.
Have I heard such miserable nomination news?
Michael Moore for VP.
Could you please?
All right.
There's a great idea.
I'm all for that.
Let's do it.
Then it says could you please play the Al Gore Macarena?
Well, you can find it.
Now look for Al Gore.
Al Gore, as you have never heard of, was she?
Four years ago, you gave me your nomination to be by the present.
This is a sunflower.
I've been watching you during that Macarena on television.
And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate for you.
The Al Gore version of the Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Would you like to see it again?
Tango, Mucha, Posa, Pseudo.
Tango, Mucha, Emo, Posa.
Tango, Mucha, Emo, Posa.
Tango, Mucha, Posa, Posa.
When your alarm goes off in the morning, macarena.
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit, macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
How terrible.
Drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud on Saddam Hussein.
It was a great segue.
I like the way those two blended together there.
What a nice mix of that.
Yeah, two together.
Okay.
141 at five.
Don't tempt me.
At five, 60, WDQM.
Mad Dog coming up at two, we got the Humper from somewhere.
He's at the Seminole Hard Rock Casino where they are just packing them in.
The Humper will be there at four.
Hopefully, keep them away from the buffet.
Marlon's on deck at 630.
Marlon's at the Indian 705, 8K after the baseball game.
And overnight, it's a total loss.
If you're trying to lose weight, if you're one of these zillions of fat people out there,
if your pupa is hanging way over your belly, you probably try one of those low carb diets like the Atkins or the Waterhole Mushroom.
I don't want to mention the South Beach stock because it really pisses me off.
Anyway, the lights of white smokers help thousands of low carb diets achieve their weight loss goals
because today, shopping for the right low carb products has become more and more difficult.
The Deficil.
Have you said, tough.
Most of the so-called low carb products on the grocery store shelves will not even help you lose weight because a lot of them are a full of crap.
Selecting foods with the right ingredients as well as the lowest carbs, that's what it's all about.
That's the key.
And the light focus is on over a thousand of the right low carb food items and products.
And you can try any of them in the store before you buy them too.
That's a great thing.
They have knowledgeable sales staff to guide you to success.
So if you're on the Atkins, the Sugar Busters, the South Beach, the what's your name?
Suzan Summers, Summersize this.
Or any low carb sugar free diet head for the lights of Westbokah, the number one low carb store in America.
Let them help you reach your important weight loss goals.
The lights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
And you find the lights of Westbokah on the northeast corner of Glades in 441.
Right next to Boston Market, they used to be Boston Chicken or column toll free at 1-877 Low Carb.
L-O-W-C-A-R-V or on the web you'll find them at lowcarb.com.
That's the lights of Westbokah, it's your official Atkins retail center.
We're sports radio bikes, you see.
Q-A-M.
David's a bitch.
And another thing, you little son of a, you little bit of a star by now.
You little little thing sweet voice.
I didn't expect to get anywhere a little puny, but you'll take you.
I don't know how many more.
I don't want this, this is 35% of the lights that I have come up with.
I'll let you go.
The more white you see you.
Yeah, what about it?
The more white I hate you.
What do I hate?
I do not see you.
Hey.
I want a dime.
You're a pack of green.
Oh, tone L-G's a roll.
It's the end of a roll.
And going like that.
Why you, why you're a smak you?
That's it.
I know my smell attracts you.
Thank you.
But unlike that you.
You still got a job.
I feel just like that you are my kid brother.
And one year later.
That's why you're still not buying it.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
You didn't know it was gonna go on.
I'm more than sure that I was you.
In the chaos.
You're just like till it's over.
That's enough.
Ow, ow, ow.
147 at 560 WQM.
I wonder if those two are getting along any better you think?
No, probably not.
How's that really possible?
Well, Gellie's just gonna have to resign himself to the fact that A.
There's not gonna be no hockey season next year.
And B. Joe Rose don't want him on his show under any penalty of death.
And that's it.
He's stuck.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
He's a screwed.
Let's see.
How's that pull coming along?
I like the pull question there.
I thought it was pretty good if I say so myself.
Who is the most overrated movie actor or actress of all time?
John Wayne 108.
The Duke.
They're trying to catch the Duke.
Kevin Costner 91.
Can't or Reeves has gotten 90.
Boy, they hate him like poison.
And deservedly so except for that one good movie made which I can't think of what it was.
James Dean 72.
J. Low 53.
She's moving up there with the boys.
Zoolier Roberts right on her ass with 46 and that's a lot of territory to cover.
Marilyn Monroe 43.
See we're not talking about and I think they do get it.
We're not talking about today look good.
I mean were they beautiful.
Would you like to do them?
We're not talking about that.
We're talking about were they really a great actor actresses.
And is there a lot of hype involved which is why people like James Dean and Marilyn Monroe are doing so well.
Because quite frankly of Marilyn Monroe would have been like very mediocre looking which her face was not like
in the first place.
But if she'd been really margin looking forget about it right?
Then she'd probably still be alive because the Kennedy's wouldn't had to get her killed.
Will Smith 34 of indiesel 33.
Elvis 31.
Arnold Scott 25.
Mel Gibson 16.
I'm just doing double digits.
Brad Pitt a dozen.
Charlton Heston 11.
Now what did we decide Brad Pitt was good in the river not a river runs through.
Is that the one California with the K although he was born with a K was good.
He wasn't bad in what you call it a river runs through it or whatever that was.
Is that the name of that movie?
There's so many river movies with Craig Schaeffer.
No you know the one where they were the Fisherman he was the Fisherman he was always do the fly fish guys like seven in the other river.
What is it?
Seven with Morgan Freeman.
He was good in seven when he said what's in the box?
Come on Josh man between between Duncan Donuts and what's in the box.
Maybe it's stuck in donuts in the box.
Maybe it's not his wife after all.
It's a good movie.
It was a good movie I'd agree with that but actually his acting.
You know when his acting star really going south in that movie is when the last scene there the last the last 15 20 minutes when they were in the police car taking him out to wherever he was the drop off thing was.
Which why did they do that in the first place you know.
I know you're not supposed to do that about movies because it just is what it is it's entertainment.
But why the hell did they get sucked into that right you knew some crap was going to happen right.
Of course it was too late by then anyway because the view was already done his wife said was why shouldn't I say that.
His wife said was already on her shoulders well that way if anybody hasn't seen it yet they know that her heads in the box it's going to be really bad or his behavior in a cop car and a whole thing is just so.
His acting started really getting worse and worse he started thinking of himself hey I'm Brad Pitt I can't act.
And then when they got what's in the box that was just you just want to scream you want a howl I'll even Morgan Freeman was like pointing are you kidding me wasn't he.
Was that then so Washington I know was that van diesel well I get cam and confused okay it was van Haaland.
5 6 7 0 5 60 or maybe he was in a hill and palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQA and hello what about OJ Simpson OJ Simpson is a bad actor he's okay.
Can anybody ever consider a real actor I don't think he qualifies right no.
Huh I mean we hate him we hit all my poison we like to put him on it but we're not going to do it because nobody considers him a real actor we consider him a bad actor in every aspect of that expression and a bad man and a bad man man he ain't no man he's a bag whatever you want to put there in front of bag he's a bag.
Anything that sounds like dirt or rhymes with it or substitutes for it as in slime bag as in bag all the bags that we can't say no more because we live in a fashion state where freedom of speech is just a fantasy we never really headed in the first place but now man is that a distant fantasy or what.
Wow freedom of speech my ass I mean my back though sorry my fed ass that's okay 157 mad dog coming up next I wish I had time to read the story from Doug Thompson again the one from capital whatever it is you can read fast huh.
Read fast no you know the one I started I would because it's so damn scary president bushes increasingly a rantic behavior in wide mood swings as the halls of the West Wing buzzing lately as they it's privately expressed growing concern over their leader state of mind.
In meetings with top aides administration officials the president goes from quoting the Bible in one breath to obscene tantrums against the media democrats and others that he classifies the enemy of the state worried what house a pain of portrait of a man on the edge increasingly wary of those that disagree with him in paranoid of a public that no longer trust his policies in a racker at home it reminds me of the Nixon days is a long time geo people are going to consult them with contacts in the White House everybody's an enemy everybody's out to get in that's the mood over there.
In interviews with the number of White House staffers who were willing to talk off the record a picture of an administration under siege has emerged led by a man who declares his decisions to be God's will and then tells aides to F over anyone they consider to be and opponent of the administration.
Red war there's no doubt about it what I don't know anymore is just to the enemy might be says one troubled White House aid we seem to be spending more time trying to destroy John Kerry than Al Qaeda and our enemies list just keeps growing and growing.
Aides say the president gets hung up on minor details micromanaging to the extreme while ignoring the bigger picture he'll spend hours personally reviewing and approving every attack at against the democratic opponent then kiss off a meeting on economic issues.
This is what killing a center rack one aides had we lost focus then the president kind of hung up on a weapons of mass destruction and an unproven link to Al Qaeda we could have found other justifiable reasons for the war but the president insisted to focus
on these two tenuous items aides who raise questions quickly find themselves shut out of access to the president of top advisors among top officials president bushes inner circle is drinking secretary estate colon poundless fallout of favor because of his growing doubts about the administrations war in Iraq.
This is the part I just want to get to again the president's abrupt dismissal of George tenetwoods the United is a insane example of how he works tenet wanted to quit last year but the president got his back up and wouldn't hear of it says an aid that would have been the opportunity to make a change not in the middle of election campaign.
But when the director challenged the president during the meeting on Wednesday the president cut him off by saying that's it George I cannot abide this loyalty I want your resignation and I want it now and there's a little bit more so on our website how do you like that I like I think the award we're looking for there is just like that by by by.
gos
