This is Randy West, and if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls.
Baby, launch a couple missiles!
AHHHH!
To a place we know...
All right!
And aim a mad-a-fellah...
Whose first name begins with O.
There's one thing we all understand...
Alcatta won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
Absolutely!
We could chase him round forever...
With our tanks and all our troops...
But special forces are so tired of jumping through them loose.
You know we need another plane...
So let's cut out all the nonsense...
And go blow up Pakistan...
Alcatta needs a nuclear tank...
Why don't we stop pussy food...
And go blow up Pakistan...
When a Baba Grande sounds good to me...
Maybe those places...
Jeffrey-on.
10-0-2-5-60 WQM, happy Thursday to it.
Got it, Thursday already, not bad.
We could be progressing, crawling along.
Sun is shining here, blue skies, not too bad.
Not bad at all.
Sun may not be shining in Pakistan too much longer though, ever again.
Just somebody who fasts me a blank page or a deck of the minute could have...
It might have been a blank page.
I tried again.
Okay, trust me, I didn't.
US plant spring offensive in Pakistan.
I don't want to be like the Iran-D roads of South Florida radio when I grow up.
What you told me before I find just so appalling, so amazing.
Now maybe you're just making that up.
Nope, one more time.
Is she wants to be a female Rush Limbaugh?
Is she popping Oxies now?
She's popping something.
Is she really?
Popping Jerry's.
Oh no, I think that...
Well, I don't think that's ever going to happen.
But at any rate, certainly not with Jim.
At any rate, how about with Anna Maria?
We'll get back to her more materially.
Just calm down.
You're such a nasty, hateful person man.
Just like that stuff they're picking on old Moe.
Absolutely.
Keep it up Joe.
Nice going.
What?
Oh well, not somebody else, so ripped that old farted ass.
I like it.
Hey, and by the way, Gildi, you're a silly little goose.
Oh, the crowds have been so good at the Panther games because I'm a liar.
The tickets are...
Yeah, if you're going to give away a zillion tickets, you might get some asses in there, okay?
Bobby Lillango is God.
47 shots last night.
They pull out a tie only because of him.
He's just...
I mean, he made a glove save it over time on Mark Recky that likes it which you've never saw in your life.
Anybody care about it?
No.
I'm sorry.
And I don't care what the paper says.
17,000 some odd.
No chance, Gildi.
You're full of crap.
You're just a little suckling, just a little weasel, just like a little...
He's like a rodent in your pocket, Gildi.
You know?
He's like a rodent in Moe's bag.
I saw that movie.
Did you?
Of Mysy Men.
Well, I was pretty good.
A bubble Mysy's in men.
Oh, and speaking of bubble Mysy's, well, we'll talk about Larry King.
Don't let me forget Bill Mar.
Okay.
And people are like, oh, but Neil, he says everything that you say, you're right.
I mean, the 80% of the stuff that I agree with him on is like watching somebody repeat back to me,
things that I've been saying, the obvious for like 25 years now.
And the other 20% he's so full of crap.
That's such a little wimpy, twirpy asshole.
Ah, you're funny.
Ah, you're funny.
You're funny.
You're funny, Bill.
Larry, you're another one, huh?
Too many ass kisses in this world.
The US military is making plans for an offensive that would reach inside Pakistan.
I see that I go being angry again.
Say.
That's on our second poll today, but if I'm too angry and a bunch of other things too.
US military is making plans for an offensive that would reach inside Pakistan and coming must to try to destroy operations of Osama, your mom had been lawdens,
Al-Qaeda network, the Chicago Tribune reported yesterday.
The newspaper and a report from Washington citing military sources said the plans involved thousands of US troops,
some of them already in neighboring Afghanistan.
The Pakistani government denied the Reuters that it would allow such an operation and the Pentagon declined to confirm that such a plan was being worked on.
The Tribune said the plans were advanced, but the execution would depend on events on the ground.
This was not like a contingency plan for North Korea, something that sits on a shelf.
This planning is like planning for Iraq.
They want this plan to be executed now, one source was quoted as saying, right now.
In other words, sufficiently before the election.
Such an intervention would be political dynamite for Pakistani President Moussirah,
who's allowed only a very limited US military presence in his country.
He's cooperated with Washington against Al-Qaeda, but is under pressure from Islamic parties at home.
And you can't even begin to imagine what's going to happen.
Hopefully not, but it just might, if we have like thousands and thousands of troops over there.
Why do we have to tell anybody about this? Why do we have to make an announcement to the world?
Unless, of course, there might be some politics about them, is it what I'm saying?
No. Just mention that in passing, so get ready for that big spring offensive.
Of course, last spring would have probably been a better time, right?
Wow.
Don't go ahead.
Look at all the people who would still be alive today if we had done the last spring and might have been successful.
You starting up again?
Hasn't Osama said that they would never capture Malib?
Anyway, that he's given his, the one son orders to shoot him.
Right.
He's on a virgin being captured.
Those kinds of things too.
Yeah, but Saddam was a coward.
We already knew right.
But Osama, while we'll find out.
Oh, Henry Gibson.
Okay. Yes.
I'm always trying to remember who played the fruitcake at the bar in the Magnota.
Right.
The other part here about the PT Anderson describing the frog scene and what it's all about.
That's kind of interesting.
I'll save that for a rainy day.
What's the thing you've faxed me from any trouble about the judge?
Yeah, just an Orlando judge said something and I thought you might find it interesting.
So it might be pretty interesting because you factored to me like three different times.
That's good.
Once.
Huh?
That was that blank page.
No, and you just faxed it again.
That's okay.
Just relax.
Don't get all defensive like Eric.
Oh, wait a year.
This.
Let's first take a look at that beanpull.
ABC News this morning.
Diane Sawyer on whatever is that good morning America?
Is that the show?
I don't know.
I can't say any of those shows.
But anyway, you were the one that gave me the heads up on that.
So I flip over and they're doing a thing about the microphone that Dr. Dean was using in Iowa.
In his post election loss rant.
It is now known as the rant.
And they showed that the crowd could barely even hear him.
Because it's a very directional mic and it's a cordless mic that kind of they use when they do their you know when they go outside in the crowd.
And sometimes the crowd is deafening to them, but on the air you can't hear it because it's directional like the microphones that we use.
There could be like a lot of noise in the background.
We could hear it and be very distracted, which it doesn't think much for us.
But the audience so wouldn't hear it.
Right.
So they're trying to like now say see he wasn't really ranting and raving and screaming all that much because if you put in the context of all the noise the crowd was making he was just trying to be heard.
We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma.
Now if you put like a...
Oh boy, you can't even hear him.
It's a good...
Oh boy, you can't even see him.
See?
What?
And of course they've only played it like four million times but nevertheless.
Yeah, like I was trying to say something.
Huh? That was part of the story too.
So that was part of the whole deal is that perhaps they were a little bit unfair.
I guess the only thing they forgot and that they left out was the fact that he came in a very disappointing week,
and they were like the third in the Iowa primary and that his performances and the base leading up to that election were appalling at best.
He'll have another chance tonight to redeem himself.
Big debate in...
Oh, look at that.
In what we pledge to be.
Also remaining in the race.
All Orthodox Jews.
Jeweliebren.
Just whining and wimping along whining.
The big debate tonight in South Carolina.
You're going to be watching that.
I already asked you that.
Right.
I'm going to make a little bit of it.
I'll catch hell.
Okay, here's the result from yesterday.
The election is today between Bush and Dean.
Just for fun.
We were like, fun in it.
Who would get your vote?
The first half of the show yesterday we'd get Carrie against Bush.
Carrie got about 72% Bush 18.
And arrested on all of them.
The rest of them said.
Okay, here's how Dr. Dean did.
Dean 785 votes out of 1175.
66.8%.
So we did about almost 6% worse.
Right.
Fewer.
Bush had the same 18% which is pretty interesting, isn't it?
I think that's it.
18.1%.
Always 17 or 18% this audience is the Bush people.
No matter what you say to them, you can't move them.
We'll have to get Randy on the show.
She can convince them that Bush is the evil doer.
So motivated.
I can't do it.
I wouldn't vote for either 132.
And I'm not voting period no matter what you say.
You fat, fat son of a bitch.
I'm not voting period 45 out of 1175.
Okay, that was yesterday's poll.
And we'll schmit can that.
Here's the first poll today.
A little bit of a reprieve from all of that.
Bush talk.
Well, this might be kind of Bush talk too, I guess.
Huh?
A little bit.
Well, not anymore.
It's out of fashion.
Who's your all time favorite porn star?
Male or female?
And here's the list.
We started with it.
Of course, the idea is for you to add some names to it.
Who's your all time favorite porn?
Oh, you know what we didn't put on there?
Oh, there's a couple of them.
Never saw any porn.
Oh, yes, for those Christians.
For all you good Christians out there,
never saw any porn.
And you people are perverts.
Is that good enough for you?
Are you people are disgusting, filthy,
heathen, pervert, bastards who are going to rot in hell?
Now you people are a bunch of perverts.
Okay, got it.
Well, I mean, we got to have an outlet somewhere for the people to go,
especially the ones on AOL.
Oh, I...
Look at that poll momentarily.
The AOL took a nationwide poll.
And of course, I've always said that most of the people use AOL
are a bunch of like, like that.
Right.
And of course, to show the good people the Christians,
they're AOL people.
Aren't you proud of that?
Good.
Better than the me.
They're AOL.
What's your all time, my favorite porn star?
Male or female.
I put them Amberlin, Van B. Woods.
Well, I mean, some of these have to be oldies and goodies.
Peter North, Ron Jeremy, Randy West, Tracy Lords.
Kazuhi Tudado.
That's who Clarence voted for.
He said, I just love his ass, man.
Never saw any porn or you people are a bunch of perverts
and then you can add some names on it,
which I'm sure you will.
WQIM.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Speaking.
Yes.
Marie Kohn.
Oh, I'm already cone.
I didn't know he made any movie.
A bunch.
WQIM.
Hello.
Bill Orrani.
See, this guy who thinks that we're going to let him.
This guy needs some serious help.
I'm a kid, I'll read it.
WQIM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Jenna Jameson, she is Mokenhawk.
She's going to run away with it.
Yeah.
You'll quickly, if I have $5, can I get hand relief from school and.
And get changed back?
Yes.
Excellent.
Right on the corner there, $441 in Kine and County Line Road.
Right on the corner.
She's handing up the Sun Sentinels too.
I love that word.
And she's also taking money for the homeless voice.
And if your next job she'll pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
We have had a bar many flavors.
a video.
I'm going to pick your postcard today.
I don't want to apologize to you.
I thought I must have emailed him about 45 stories or something because I kept finding
really good stuff and emailing and emailing.
Then I see there's only like 23.
They're all really great.
So I don't apologize at all.
Get with it, Faso.
This is a great story.
Thank you, Muff.
Judges' insult, shock rate victim.
This is in Sanford, Florida, from the Orlando Sentinel.
This is...
Let me know if you want the other two pages.
Oh, there's more.
That's right.
It says in the bottom two more pages.
I don't want to let go into long.
I don't want to read the long, con-ristings.
Although yesterday the Michael Moore thing, I was five pages, but it was good.
I love that.
Me too.
Circuit Judge Jeanne Stevenson shocked a rape victim and prosecuted this week when he looked
over the victim's photo when Courtin said, why would he want to rape her?
She doesn't look like a day at the beach.
In other words, I wouldn't touch her with your thing.
State attorney Norm Wolfinger said yesterday he might move to have the judge remove from
the case.
I can't imagine why.
Why would he want to rape her?
She doesn't look like a day at the beach.
Would you feel comfortable?
Would you feel comfortable as a victim in that particular court after he made those particular
statements and findings, Wolfinger asked?
Stevenson said he didn't remember making the comment.
Oh, that's my kind of judge.
But a transcript shows that's what he said in a hearing for Brian Joseph Huffman, 26
of Winter Park.
Huffman is charged with raping, beating, kidnapping, and robbing the woman and acquaintance
on New Year's Eve 2002 or the next morning.
Huffman who faced up to life in prison was set to go to trial next Monday before Stevenson,
however, defense attorney Adam Pollock or is that pollock told the judge his client was
willing to plead guilty exchange for a 15-year sentence.
Assistant state attorney Stacey Sammons, strenuously objected.
She strenuously objected.
He broke into this woman's house.
He beat her up and then he raped her.
And after he did that, he forced her into a car to drive around with him on about a
three to four hour criminal episode where she was nothing but terrified Sam and said in
court.
That's when the judge looked down at the photo of the woman with shoulder-faced brute
from the beating and said, why would he want to rape her?
She doesn't look like a day at the beach.
The victim of a 57-year-old woman said she's angry.
When a judge says something like that, it's appalling.
She said, apparently, he's a very insensitive judge.
Only in Florida, man, all in nine out of one Florida, especially in the deep south.
You're all redneck judge, probably.
Gene Stevenson.
Probably kind of Gene Stevens from that racing rag.
Remember Gene Stevens?
No, I remember Gene Stapleton.
Oh, yeah, she was great.
Oh, let's see.
Here's the fact that says we have a situation in Florida, pharmacies, medical equipment
companies, and every Medicare-related organization has been in a standstill for some reason.
As of January 1, 2004, Medicare has not been paying.
Their debt is accumulating.
There has no plans of changing.
Medicare has been shutting down companies without reason all this so that
Jeb Bush can have his own pockets lined with scam after scam.
Old people are starting to be denied services, something seriously needs to be done.
Says Daria, what's a little bit late?
You people put Jeb back into regains, right?
Even 44% of the Jews voted for Jeb Bush, according to the anxious, unreliable, butty-nevens,
who probably made it up, nevertheless.
Maryland Chambers, Linda Lovelace.
Got him.
Got him.
Linda Lovelace, poor Linda.
Ginger Lynn.
Amber was just a cheap copy.
It says Ginger Lynn.
Okay, whatever you say.
How about Jennifer Wells?
What's the other Wells?
Don Wells.
Don Wells from Gilligan's Island.
Don I'mus?
No, seriously, who's the other Wells?
There's Jennifer Wells.
Put her on there.
That's an oldie.
Who is the one that was like a Gloria Leonard?
Get her on there.
She'd be like a bulldyke.
Remember Gloria Leonard?
I think you did your friend Al Goldstein's stories.
I don't think I've ever actually seen her at anything.
By the way, Al Goldstein's going to be appearing this afternoon in the Dicendol town of country mall.
You're looking for Gloria Holm!
Yeah, he's going to be supervising.
There's a little bit more on that story from yesterday from the Harold.
And amazingly, I better find it now, while it fits in, so to speak.
Okay, it's in my pile, way down here.
You know the story I'm talking about.
Yes.
See, even an old pervert like me is not too crazy about guys that like go into public restrooms,
public tea rooms, into shopping malls out on the street corner and are like a diddlin out there.
No, not probably not a good idea.
Remember, it was about three or four years ago that somebody first sent us a fact that so a whole bunch of that stuff from cruising for Sec.com.
And you'll find just all these amazing places.
I'm talking about like just I don't even know how to describe them just so blatantly public, you know, right.
Parks, parks and alleys aren't good enough anymore.
Right.
Anyway, this thing about the Julio Estarino.
See, do you remember Julio?
No.
The Harold for once and I wish I would have known this yesterday because I wouldn't use those other guys names.
But the sun sent me all the TV stations.
So I guess I wasn't piling on.
Or I was piling on Esther Reno, the long time Cuban radio personality, a news anchor of the Archdiocese Miami Station for the last three years was among 21 men charged with sex crimes during the two week undercover sting in the men's room at the Kindle Town and Country Mall.
Well, Esther Reno 60 was arrested by about 335 p.m. January 22nd by an officer in playing clothes was washing his hands at the sink when they radio paused newsman walked in.
He was charged with exposing a sexual organs.
Now, as soon as I read that, I wonder how do you take a leak, for example, without exposing your sexual organ? Do you like to do it through your pants?
Well, I'm sure that it's the way he did it.
Well, like maybe not.
He set up the sting operation, navigating numerous complaints in a tight statement estimated at night, any wrongdoing.
I used the restroom in the same way any man would use the restroom. The statement said, I've turned this matter over to my attorney for appropriate action.
Now, if faith in God in our legal system, I trust it. I'll be exonerated. He's off the air until the investigation can be concluded is what Mary Ross Augusto of the Archdiocese says.
He used the restroom in the same way any man would use the restroom. He whipped it out. How else do you use it?
How can you listen? How can you go to a, and I don't know what he was doing or who he was doing, but how can you go to a restroom of any kind, even your own at home without whipping it out?
Whether it's a sit down job, a stand up job, maybe a two-fist job.
Oh, you remember, obviously there's two stories here, but you remember the footage that we saw back then when Dwight was doing that expose?
Yeah.
But he didn't show us the part where he was a hump and an ambitious dead body there.
No, that's only editing room floor.
Maybe Gail not so bright can find that old footage and get it for us.
Someone's thinking that all a software would love to see that. Maybe look at Dwight over the hump in the next book.
Let's see. Randy Anthony says, Randy speaks highly of you. She gets carried away some time. But you, oh yeah, you're right. He does mean well.
I would never quite do that. And you go, girl. I'm all for her. But I just, I just, I don't know. It says, can't listen to her every day, though.
Vanessa Del Rio, there's a good one.
Huchi Kuchi, remember Vanessa Del Rio? Yeah. Yeah. What? No, I'm not saying she was beautiful, but she was one of the first Huchi Kuchi porn stars.
Maybe the very first. Sure. How come there haven't been more Huchi Kuchi porn stars? I don't know.
Like a porn crew person. Oh, who would you see in a porn movie?
Yeah. She was the bomb back in the 80s says Anthony. All right, Anthony.
I was going at the end of his facts. Anthony says, so I think that's a message.
Oh, don't tell us about that Jamaican woman you made in Walgreens talking about the smell of urine.
Until after the braille until after the break. WQA. Hello. Yeah, I got one for Neil's bowl. Yes, sir. Who is it?
Jen Jamison. Jen and Jamison. Yeah. Okay. We got it, Pellie. How is she doing, by the way? Just fine.
She's a tie for lead like you said with eight. You're right. I don't know who that is.
I'm sure I recognize her by saw her. Joe Castello's like all a dither about her.
He's all a tither about it. I've seen I've seen pictures of her. I've never seen her in a movie. Well, I'll be damned.
And yeah, she's good looking for a skank. I hear the time Brady's got a better ass though. That's what most said.
Who's going on again this morning about man that kids got the hottest ass. What did you mean by that?
27 past 10 at 560 WQM dollar mattress. You can stick your ass in somebody else's maybe a whole bunch of people's ass on your great new mattress and dollar mattress.
But you've had to make that call to get it. If the old mattress just isn't doing the job for you anymore.
If you're not getting a good night's sleep, that means it's probably finito, but it don't get rid of it and celebrate the new year in real comfort with a great new name brand mattress and dollar mattress at an unbeatable price.
Call him right now toll free one 800 mattress and dollar mattress is mighty proud to have added stirring and foster a hewitt to their already strong championship lineup.
Stirring and foster was the finest mattress made in America. You can sleep on one as soon as tonight by calling one 800 mattress right now.
And of course, Donald, I've got all the other big names to the ones you know and love and the covet.
Seely and service Simmons King, Coral and tempered. It doesn't the Bible say don't cover that mattress.
Choose from dozens of models at low every day discount prices.
And don't forget only dollar mattress lets you choose a two hour delivery window that meets your schedule any day seven days a week from eight in the a m till 10 in the p m with low prices.
Same day delivery free set of and remover. It's easy to see by dollar mattress is ranked number one customer satisfaction in the entire universe.
Even on Mars, they were raven about it. They were trelling from it. So do what everybody at QM is doing.
Even some people who aren't too bright call one 800 mattress one 800 M a T T R E S or online. You can order at mattress dot com.
I am local here sports radio five sixty zero eight. You a M.
NBC's new hit reality series the ultimate job interview. The apprentice starring billionaire Donald Trump.
He's a business to please. If you want to ask him if you want to ask sex and his apartment he only shows kids and presidents you say.
In business you have to speak your mind. Don't be afraid to be heard or expression opinion.
I have something to say. I don't feel comfortable agreeing to sleep with you. You're fired.
He isn't an against alarm. To words for your sweet cheeks fired. Isn't that one word? You're fired. The apprentice.
Alright, he's a business of guys. You see my hair? Harble hair dead cat. Doesn't matter women across the world want me.
No, I am worth billions. You good looking black guy. How do you do with the ladies? I do pretty well. No, you don't.
You're nothing. Let's ask the ladies. Ladies. If you had to pick which one of us to go to bed with who would it be? Good looking poor black guy or billionaire with dead cat hair.
Dead cat hair guy. God show. I love New York. The apprentice on NBC 1033 27 before 11. I can't this clearance man.
When he's 80 minute the promos would play by play with the anxious Joseph. Anybody else know if they want to hear a ballgame they can turn on a ballgame.
We don't want to play half a goddamn ballgame here on a show. Okay clearance. When you get with it you idiot you.
Can you imagine Q.A.M. if we weren't all sports can you even imagine?
How would we do double digit number around the clock? Yeah, I'm so glad that you put that other choice on the second pull we're going to take later at noon.
For me that was Josh's idea.
Who's your all time favorite porn star mayor or female Jenna Janison 14. Amber Lynn 10 see. There you go. Tracy Lord's eight.
Mandy Woods five people at a good memory man old man. She was unbelievable. Tracy Lord's eight. A lot. Yeah. I'm done.
But she was on a care and carpeted that she always spit it out. She didn't you people are a bunch of perverts five.
Maryland don't believe everything you see on camera. Maryland chambers four. I've never seen any porn three. Oh come on.
On the clearance voted on that. Ron Jeremy three. No comment needs to be made okay. No. Caso Hito to the arrow three. No that was clear. It's his vote. I take that back.
He said he's got a better ass than Tom Brady any day. Peter North appeared. Not as lovely as they used to be though. Linda Lovelace one Jennifer Wells one Gloria Leonard one ginger Lynn one.
What happened to you people are a bunch of perverts oh five none yet for Vanessa Belry oh Randy West you're not getting any Randy or honey melons. Who the hell is honey melons.
Oh facts. How about Rosa Melon Melon Marco. Mel Rocco. Is that something Ron Pupil put on. Mel Rocco. That's what the batch and says he says all I asses Maria.
I don't know who a lot of these people are so leave it up to you who you want to put on there honey melons. All right. Is she came to honey beers. Now this thing about Robin Givens until we get some verification on this year and I'm not going to do that.
She's getting sucked into that again. Do a search unlike the local TV news or something before I go. Wording that on the WQ a hello. How you doing Neil? Okay sir. My life's favorite is steel coal.
Steel coal. Steel one. I'll see. I said the horse the cold. Oh COL T. Yeah. Okay. And mine is Ashland gear. Ashland gear. Okay paly thanks a lot. All right. Take that and get it in gear. Thank you.
Got those got them. 5 6 7 0 5 60. We'll do this to one. And then we'll put that other one on there and because then it'll be more fun to see like after the show what the other votes are.
I'll give it a little not a one to give me. Oh, this is bad news tabloid Titan dies in Elvis is in mourning. The former editor of the world. The weekly world news is dead.
Eddie Klants for 20 years. The King of supermarket tabloids who made the weekly world news and the wilds collection of screaming crazy headlines in journalism mystery died Monday in salt spring your old.
Calla he was 56 reportedly left the paper three years ago. And that was the other way died from Mr Klants as editor announced that Elvis was still alive reported that doesn't a US senators were from another planet.
Found the lost continent of Atlanta's near Buffalo and uncovered a bad boy living in a West Virginia cave in the weekly world news is a panic.
Even Miguel would like it because in the front of the one they're showing here in the story. Cuba launches shark attack on US. That's true. Yeah.
So what about that Jamaican lady in Walgreens? The urine lady. The new improved urine lady. Yeah. I'm very sensitive to that kind of thing.
You let her smell it. I'd let her smell something. Yeah. Lunatic. Uh oh. Rich Pacterson's is this he did it again. But this time on national TV. Aaron McGruder a black syndicated cartoonist is getting his own prime time TV series on Fox. No less called national security adviser condoluser rice a murderer for her role her role in the Iraq war.
Well, I want to make sure that gets on the graduate port right away and on newsmax.com and all the other ones that had nervous breakdown about me and that condolences song.
Let's see if they hop all over Aaron McGruder again a dark, complex guy. He made the remarks as a guest on the nationally syndicated TV show America's black forum hosted by syndicated columnist and Fox news contributor.
Juan Williams. The creator of the popular boom docs comic strip reportedly cost some discomfort at anniversary dinner for the nation magazine last month.
When he told the mostly anti-war audience, I've met kind of leaves a rice and caught her a murderer to her face. You go boy nice going in a Sunday broadcast of the black forum show McGruder speaking from Los Angeles repeated the epithet arguing that rice is one of the administration's biggest hawks advised the president on a war that led to the slaughter of innocent people in Iraq.
Some of the black panelists assembled a Washington studio winstead through remarks maybe was a little bit too much truth for them to handle. Okay.
Conservative syndicated columnist, the dark, complex and Armstrong Williams, rebuked the cartoonist who strip a syndicated more than 250 newspapers. I can't get over the fact that you labeled Miss Rice a murderer. He said the low key McGruder, 29 of certain he's got a right to his opinion. She's a murderer because I believe she's a murderer. He said, cool.
And the ACP chairman Julian bond and other panelists wrote it off the satire but added smiling. I agree with his politics. You go Julian love that Julian bond. Nice going Julian.
By the way, speaking of Julian Crane, oh, you got to catch passions again today and it's sure it continues to get the juice. Oh man. Oh, the shock truth. It is just unbelievable. It's the all time best. I thought you were talking about OJ. WQM. Hello.
Yeah, Neil got to work for your poll. Okay. Savannah Savannah. Yep. And Torrey Wells was the second one. Torrey Wells is the one I was looking for. Very good. Good job, Pellie. Okay. Go ahead. Seek a confession from the Lord. Okay. Doesn't have to go seek something from the Lord. Tracy Lord.
Who did you just give us? Torrey Wells. That's who I was thinking of. I mean Jennifer Wells. She was an old big baggy kind of ducky. You know about a hundred years ago. Back in the day.
Janet Jameson's got 28 Tracy Lord 16. You people are a bunch of perverts. 12. Yeah, you're right. And we're proud of it. Okay. Wait till we take over over audio pies for the counter search. And you'll hear some good programs. It's a radio P.A. W.S. Radio Pizz.
Radio Pizz. Radio Pizz. We can have Mickey on his guest every now and then we'll dispense with them. And we'll have Pizz on you. He was just he was just using the restroom man. He was just whipping it out. What's wrong with you people?
Everybody else from five feet away. No, we're near the urinal right in front of the other guy. Maybe he was aiming it unless a threat. In other words, give me some space, dammit. I want to like, you know, give me some breathing. We got it. Me when in doubt. I'd like to air it out.
Amber Lynn 11. I've never seen any porn eight. Maryland Chambers five. Bambi Woods five. She was seriously. I would say she was even hotter than Sheridan on passion. I don't remember what she looked like. Debbie. Does the deer field? Yeah, like I saw it like, I don't know, 100 years ago. It's worth going. I don't think you're probably going to find it anymore, but it's worth getting. Get in blockbuster would be good.
Twenty before 11, you know, I can't stand goody two shoes. Just like that whole thing with Bush about the steroids. That's his appeal to the goody two shoes. Fony baloney. Fony.
That's what really pisses me off and frost my ass. I've always told you that and it's the one truth. If you don't believe anything else, I tell you believe this or not. Believe this.
And then as those who scream the loud as those who are always pointing fingers at everybody else, you're a bunch of perverts and you're doing this.
You're doing stuff that you never even dreamed of doing. If you catch my drift, okay. No question. Very doing little children.
Barnard animals. And animals. Trees. I mean, you name it. Fire hydra. Right. By the way, that fire hydra on the corner there. It says this screw. Ang was here. If you check real close.
She's coming up here next month. You want to join the royal royale. Mounties.
Ten forty one at five sixty. She is just grotesque. Roy. I'll tell you about something good for a change. Interrex diabetic.
It's a delicious meal replacement drink that just happened to be made for people like me who have diabetes. But anybody who's looking to cut down their sugar intake can drink it and enjoy it. It's a much higher.
Interrex diabetic is sweetened with splendor, which is made from sugar. So there's no nasty, awful, horrible aftertaste lucky you would ask for a tamin saccharine. God forbid. Remember what happened to them rats? No.
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big frickin hurry. Interrex diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life.
Plus fiber and antioxidants yet it's low in saturated fat and cholesterol too. Interrex diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free. And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of easily digested nutrition.
You try to rex diabetic once and I guarantee you'll never go back to whatever crap you were drinking before. Pick some up today. It's available all over town at publics, Walgreens, records, Navarro, Sedano, CVS, you're at the local pharmacies or the makers are so sure you're going to enjoy Interrex diabetic.
They're giving away free full-size samples. They give that two pack to you. They'll mail it to you in one in vanilla one and chocolate. If you just call their toll free number, 1 866 36 8 37 39.
That's 1 866 36 8 37 39 or faster yet order for yourself on the web at interrex diabetic calm. Just click on words as free samples. Tell the Neil sense you buy for the delicious one and get your seven initial special gift. Call today and get your free samples. Call 1 866 36 8 37 39.
And look. This is for 305 60.
You weigh in.
I'll dysfunction. Whoa, what you're not going to show my face. Are you? Relax. This is just the radio. Thank God.
This is the face of Jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky. What are you doing? He has erectile dysfunction.
Come on. I've got family to think about friends. He can't get it up. Oh God. I have to go to work tomorrow.
He can't pitch a tent. Raise the weasel straight in the mask. Man, I'm going to kill you. If you two suffer from erectile dysfunction, don't be afraid.
You're just like Jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky. Stop saying my name.
And if Jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky can face his erectile dysfunction. Can't you stop? Please. I beg of you.
I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I
I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be right. I
I can't see my ego today. My ego today. My ego. My ego. My ego today. My ego. My ego today. We'd leave that trio. We'd leave that trio. We would leave that trio. We would leave that trio. Everybody we go. They don't have to... scream WAS A
for... She said something about you shit about 거. It doesn't have to do. She said something about the life of the ocean 9eu продi and the same sentence.
got it. Inc Bishop This period of time I think I've been walking for it. I think I've been walking for it. I think I've been moving for it. I'm like...
young up and coming and stacked. George would love to movie when Jenna Jameson does Brianna
rectally it is smoking. And the rectum too. Yeah. She actually put a Winston in there.
Or is it a Marlboro? It was a pulp mop and she was smoking it. Rectally. 5 6 7 0 5. Oh,
here's the AOL poll. These people would not approve of this poll we're doing today.
These people be really pissed off. Most of the people who do AOL are geeks, freaks,
people, children, assholes. Don't know better. Mugwamps. Here's a poll. They took Nationwide on AOL.
They got almost 400,000 votes. What's your view of shows on TV and radio? This is America,
man. Goody, goody, two shoes, goody, two shoes of hypocrites, phony baloney. Everybody's like a
better that holier than us. Here's the answers. The offensive material is getting out of control.
59% you asshole. If you don't like it, just turn it off. Now you're talking. Oh, right.
32% some things push the envelope, but it's not that bad. You asshole. 9% should
obscenities be allowed on the airwaves? No, never. 47% say never. You asshole. Only at certain times
37% and yes, at any time, 16% you asshole. You asshole. Should nudity be allowed on the airwaves?
No, never. 46% God forbid. God forbid. Only at certain times 37, yeah, like when we're watching.
And yes, at any time, 17% that is so discouraging, you know? Yeah. Even where I'm sitting,
which where rarely is heard in discouraging word, but that just is defleating.
5670560.560 on your AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. What's your all-time favorite porn star,
male or female or in between? WDQAM. Hello. Hey, alcohol. Nail. What's going on? How you doing,
Polly? Good. Good. I got a couple of names for you for the poll. Okay. First of all, the
lovely Christie Canyon. George will know that name. Okay. Christie Canyon. I think we got to pay
respect to the woman that started it all. Linda. Love lace. I think she's on her. Okay. I don't
have to pull up. That's common. No, bud. You're, it sounds like you're working on it. Yep.
And we got a local person. I got a name one person that lives locally. She's no longer in the
business. Kathy Willips. No, well, hash forgot about that, but no. I also forget about her.
She her name was Gina Lamarca. And she lives down in this area. And she was a pen house pet of the
year and then did some porn before she got out of the business. You want to do a poll about
which celebrity porn star, like a Frank Gifford, Paris Hilton, Dr. Jay, stuff like that. Okay.
Just an idea. We'll work on it. Love you, man. I love you. Thank you. Hey, my six seven,
oh, five 60 pound 60 on the 80, the rising wireless line. Poor Kathy, man. When's that
honey or hers going to come out of the closet? When's Jeff coming out? What's that his name? Yeah.
Jeff Willips. Let's see. Frank says first George, if you saw the Howard Stern movie private parts,
you see that? No, you're dying. Jenna Jamison was the chick who got naked in the studio. Well,
there was nothing on the run run show. They have a whole bunch of nasty,
skaky looking bruts running all up and down the hallways naked. Let me clarify because I don't
want to lie. I started watching the private parts. I see. And that's all this guy.
Be another gratuitous shot at Howard Stern. Is that what this is going to be? No, I just want to be
acting out. No, I don't care. Be I like Cheyenne Silver because she's all natural.
And see just to comment on the porn channels. Well, just a minute, since we're doing this,
we probably ought to put on a beat. Careful here. Some on the on the playboy channel.
It's a dike scene. That's all.
Only way to pass. Oh no, it's a three way. Something for everybody.
One in the pink and one in the sink and one in your drink.
I think I've got one in the sink.
And look at that dink. Can we say dink? Well, if you call someone, I think I just do.
Well, this is good. See, because there's lots of action, but only like some really good
kind of corny music they play in the background. I have for us.
Oh, better stuff right there. No rear entry on this show. Okay. Now, what is it? I'm getting sick of
seeing movies with a dude whose penis has been the wrong direction. You think a little bend to
the wrong way is no big deal, but this dude can scratch his balls when it's erect. And it,
and it sucks because they always put the best looking chicks in the scenes with them. But I
can't stand to see that nasty, deformed thing. I don't have any idea who he's talking about. Do you?
No, I got it. It's got like a curly, cute penis. Well, we'll have to find out. I'm sure somebody knows
5 6 7 0 5 60 call up radio pause. Maybe they have a list over there. Hot list.
Jenna Jamison is in the lead. She's got 35. Oh, she's all time favorite porn star,
male or female. Tracy Lord's 25. You people are a bunch of perverts 19 12.2%. You're just jealous
because you don't know who any of these people are. Boring is what those people are boring. You know
they're watching old reruns of Beverly Hillbillies. Hey, that's good show. But
Amberlin 13 never seen any porn 11. Marilyn Chambers 9. Vanessa Del Rio's got 7. I wonder what
those people, what language they speak. Because he took to Dono's got 6. I bet you're a clearance
voted a bunch of times. He's probably running around a building, tapping on different things.
Peter North 5. Ginger Lynn 5. Bambi Woods has got 5. Ron Jeremy's got 4. Oh my god. Linda
Lovelace got appeared. They're kind of like old and saggy by now. Trey Wells 2. Jennifer Wells 2.
And then he even won Gloria Leonard 1. Gloria Leonard. What, what, what, man? Never heard? I
asked you that before, but I just can't believe it. I'll talk about it. Old dangerous,
dyke broad. I think I've seen a picture. Man, she was mean. Brianna Banks has got one.
Christy Canyon 1. And none yet for Savannah. Randy West. You're not getting any Randy.
Nikki Charm, Honey Melons, Steel Court or Gina Lamarca out of 155 votes. How about Daryl Lamarca's?
You got a head. Oh, come on. What are you doing, Daryl?
He was okay in my book in the day, back in the day.
Nico James or is that Jones? I don't know. I can't read. Nico Jones and Sandra El Coulos
said Abridia. When you put these on air, however you want. It's your people anyway.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless line QAM.
Oh, hello, George. Hi. I'm going to nominate some point stars.
Okay. Okay. One or two. Don't give me like a list of 10.
Oh, just two. Just two. They haven't be African-American. Okay.
It's okay. I can have the first name is Shawn Michaels at
short spell with the E. Okay. And the second one is Dominique Simone.
Everybody who knows about porn stays there with no who they are. Dominic? Dominique.
Oh, Dominique, but I would hope so. Yeah. Don't give me no father Dominic.
No, no. Okay. It's D O M I N I Q U E U E. Yeah. Simone.
F I M O N E. Okay. Thanks a lot. Oh, sorry. I called you George.
I haven't called Warsaw though. I can't think what? 5 6 7 0 5 68 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
Verizon Wireless line. I think today's the last day. You'll have to put up with the flim.
Oh, man. To it. Beauty. Now, it's not even like a very colorful anymore. You know, it's kind of like a Bill
Mark. It's not too color. Oh, you know, I don't care what anybody says. It's just one of those
things. It's like if you like it a lot, I scream. I'm happy for it. Enjoy it. I don't like it.
And it's the same with him. If you like Bill Mark, hey, it tastes a lute. You know, I have a wonderful
shirt and a wonderful light. I just don't. He may, he just can't stand him. Yes, I agree with
a he was ripping religion lifestyle on air with Larry. And you know, it's fine, but it doesn't
impress me because I just it's him. No matter what he said, unless he brought me a check for 50
million to my house, then I'd say, hey, you're the best Bill. But other than that, I just can't deal
with him. You know what I mean? Hey, one thing about here, once it leaves, it doesn't make a
comeback. Okay, it doesn't like take a little vacation or high. It isn't just come poppin back one
day. So forget about waiting for your hair to grow back. Ain't going to happen. Forget about
drills, drills and holes in your head. Forget about mostly looking wigs. Unless you like looking
like a clown. See, that's one thing. All the guys that have those nasty looking pieces,
everybody falls on a ground laughing at them, usually behind their back. Unless they're short
little guys like Crosonage, then you can do it right into his face. The answer is the natural
hairline system from Chuck Alphery for almost 30 years now. Charlie's been doing it right for the
famous and not so famous in everybody in between because you know, if you've had a billion dollars,
you still can't replace you here with a better looking piece than Charlie's natural hairline system.
It looks like real here, like it's going out of your scalp as opposed to a barnyard and animal
fell from the sky like those frogs in Magnolia and just died and perched there right on your head.
And you have nothing to lose except the bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day.
But 30 man. Here in tea. After a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting all kinds of action at the Kindle Town of Cutty Mall, Charlie give you a full
refund. And don't forget to mention the oranges when you call. You'll save an extra 200 bucks off the
already low price of Charles Alfieri's natural hairline system. Call them today. There's no
obligation called tool free 1 800 3214 13. That's 1 800 321 24 13. Are we're going to that
world-framing website Charles Alfieri dot com.
Oh baby, complied with these tidying. The following is an actual recording of a conversation
between a porn star subscriber and a porn star advisor. You've reached porn star emergency services.
This is Kendra. I need help. I've just been in an accident. Oh, were you weird? And?
Yes, as I was. And it hurts. Oh good. And always hurts the first few times. But then,
he get used to it. When you turn on porn star, an advisor is always there to turn you on.
My neck hurts. I think I have wind flash. I love whips. But I charge more for bondage.
My car's stolen. I'll never get these pizzas delivered. Hey, are you the pizza delivery guy?
I know you. Generally worked together on double sausage of the back door,
volume's 10th or 27th. Ask your dear about getting serviced by porn stars.
I think my head is starting to swell. Now I'm getting hot. I have your GPS cord.
That's all we read over it. No, no, I need medical attention.
Oh, does that mean you want me to wear my nurses uniform? Sure, okay.
Porn star. Always there. Always ready. You people are a bunch of perverts. It says here,
22 people loaded that 12.2%. How do you really believe that or they just have them found out?
No, I really believe we're a bunch of perverts. And I've never seen any porn another 12. So,
that's like almost 20%. Either have never seen any porn, but of course they probably dying to.
Or they're on the same thing where a bunch of perverts, but they'd like to watch too.
Here's one that says from John and Port St. Lucy with his new facts machine. Good machine, John.
Nice going. Is that Shelley the machine? My favorite porn star of all time is in Ed Haven.
She's probably in her 50s now, but she was so big. Big. Humongous. Gigantic. And they want to be real,
but I doubt it during the appreciating bush gold. And they were porn. It says John,
Port St. Lucy. Here's another one says, hi, a pal. Did you see Dr. Rice on the today show?
I don't watch this day show, pal. Getting grilled about WMD with Matt Lauer, some party line
funding through answers. You know, the rap like gathering thread all out horses. I'd like her to give
those same week answers to the parents of kids who've been building main over a pack of lies.
She's a total see you next time and has to go as do all the facets in the house. Keep up the good work,
pal, a grippin type in the passport to who apex Rack, Yaldarian. Who's that? I don't know.
You don't know, but we see you're getting a good education now. You're going to have to go out of
your nearby blockbuster store in the kitty section and the picks some of this crap up.
Whatever happened, you're a good close friend from the video store. Mitch. Oh, you mean you're a close
friend? Mitch from video waves. Aren't they out of business? I think what? Nothing. I don't know.
I think they're out of business. They are. They're out of business. I know we got the Antony
connection. What? We had a mutual employee there for a while. Antony from the Joanne Mark show
used to work with Mitch. Never liked him. 5667.0560 never made him either, but just
based on what you're telling me, I never liked him. Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Favorite porn star of all time? Male or female or undetermined? WDQA, I'm hello.
Male. Yes, sir. The guy with a fat packer is Jake Reed. This cock is Ben Mornin.
I hit it too, didn't I? Sounds like a cocky about it. Yeah.
All that we can put it on there, though. What was the name? Jake Reed. Jake Reed? Yeah.
Ben Reed. He had a wilted Reed, something like that. Maybe he's kind of Greg Reed. He's on our
next poll. I'm sorry. 5667.0560. What a shame that we're not answering the phones. Don't do it,
though, Josh, because then that way the people I'm holding don't get entertained with some of this
really nippy stuff. WDQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, hi. I want to make a question to the
nominee. I made it. Sean is spelled S E A N S E A N. What did you say before? Sean Michaels.
Yeah, but how did you spell it before though? Oh, it was BR USC. It was spelled wrong.
And was H H A D again. Oh, I don't be doing that. Okay. Don't do it again, pal. Okay. No,
I just, all right. Thank you. Go confess, you man. See for, seek forgiveness from the Lord.
Be doing that. No, Mo, please. 5667.0560. We got a pretty good list going here. I'm sure we got
a pretty good list. That's right. I'm sure it's a pretty good list. Thank you very much.
Now, what about that Italian stadium? What else is his name? Silver Star still? No, not him.
Not that it's Italian style and the Italian guys. And Rocco, uh, Ben Dover. No, Rocco's
different relays. It's already. They're you know, I've got to change their name like Joey Silvera.
Joey. I'm going to call him. He called Joe Castell and have him on the phone so that he can
be our expert consultant. No, leave Joe alone. Okay, he's not awake yet. Joey Silvera. Put him on
there. Okay. Uh, I don't know. You know who else you need to put on there. I was just going to say.
I don't know any of the names of guys from the effect from the gay porn movies.
Yeah, that's not true. What about Jeff Striker? Okay. No Jeff Striker? I've heard you speak of them.
That's him. Really?
It's amazing that we have a clip for Jeff. That's with the Y by the way.
STR YKER looks good. Dumb is dirt.
That's good enough for right now. Joey Silvara, Jeff Striker.
We have a list of about 5,000 and then at the end of the show George is going to sit around with our audience and watch all of these.
The marathon.
And then the guy from our radio posking about he and doing nothing much these days.
He's going to watch those other movies. What are those?
Gay.
QAM. Hello.
Hey, me. I had a pretty good sir.
A couple things. First, my favorite porn star. She don't really do movie, but she's got a tremendous free website.
Heather Dean.
Heather Dean.
George and I are your puns up Heather D on your internet service.
I'm going to get a pretty movie.
Okay.
That could be here. We're having a mad dog. Mike Lurin Tampa.
No.
Yeah, with the STP. He shows sort of like yours, but he does music.
But he talks like, you know, mentioned the word the P words and stuff like that.
They find them 700 to 50.
Oh, that was above in the love sponge. Is he on that show?
Yeah, above. I'm sorry. It might work with them.
Now I'm talking to Mike.
Yeah, 750 grand.
I saw it. Well, he was about that.
They'll appeal it.
Yeah, I'll make sure it's good.
Well, tell them to put Heather D on there.
Okay, we got a great deal.
Million Heather D.
Yes, the news news. We got Heather D. Just relax. Okay, calm down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5. You notice how they get really whipped up about this? They're whipping it right now.
And why not? Why not?
I think that during the rest of the year, no more talk about politics.
The only bush we ought to talk about is the one we're talking about today.
What do you say?
We'll leave that heavy duty stuff to anybody believe I'm sticking to that. No, but it sounds good.
Well, I want to do this story though. She used to talk about bush and her lack.
Alkaida side calls for a big attack on the US.
I don't want to get. We'll say that in the last hour.
I don't want to get people nervous.
House Democrats claim prayer is disrespectful.
This is disgusting. This is nauseating. This from Arizona, which is not surprising because Arizona is a real, real right wing goose stepping,
fascist state where the average age is 110.
Representative Doug Quellen, Republican affinities, because the stir on Tuesday, when he delivered prayer on the state house floor that took aim at multi-culturalism, welfare, abortion, and alternative lifestyles.
It was a prayer that made the rounds on the Internet since 1996 that when it was delivered before the Kansas House of Representatives.
Offended Democrats led by Representative Wally Strong, a Phoenix filed an official protest saying the prayer was partisan, disrespectful, and divisive.
Here's the prayer.
Quellened. Heavenly Father, we come before you today to ask your forgiveness and seek your direction and guidance.
We know your word says, wall to those who call evil good, but that is exactly what we have done.
We've lost our spiritual equilibrium and inverted our values.
We confess that we have ridiculed the absolute truth and a word and called it pluralism.
We have worshipped other gods and called it multiculturalism.
We've endured perversion and called it our alternative lifestyle.
We've exploited the poor and called it the lottery.
We've neglected the needy and called it self-preservation.
We've rewarded laziness and called it welfare.
We've killed our unborn and called it choice.
We shot a borschtness and called it justifiable.
We've neglected to discipline our children and called it building self-esteem.
We've abused power and called it political savvy.
We've coveted our neighbor's positions and called it ambition.
We've poled the air with profanity and pornography and called it freedom of expression.
And we've ridiculed the time-honored values of our forefathers and called it enlightenment.
Search us, oh God, and know our hearts today.
Try us and see if there be some wicked way in us.
Clean this from every sin and set us free.
And the name of your son, the living Savior, Jesus Christ, Amen.
Jesus Christ.
Here's the Democrats' response.
Pursuit the House Rule 20, we all the members of the House Democratic Caucus.
Protests the lack of respect that was shown to the members of this body in the citizens of Arizona
during the opening prayer on January 26, 2004.
The opening prayer is the one opportunity during each day that we can come together as a body.
The opening prayer should unite us not divide us.
But the prayer on January 26 was divisive.
It was a pandering, mudslinging, and in-calling political statement.
It was hateful and mean-spirited. It was undignified.
The citizens of Arizona deserve better. We are diverse.
We have unique perspectives and our unique voice should be respected.
Especially during the opening prayers, members of this body, we must set aside our differences
and show respect for Arizona in all its diversity and perversity.
I'd like to hear that.
You have gone out there, man. I can't handle it.
You right-winged goy and we just can't deal with it no more.
I say give them Arizona. Give them the whole state.
And Mark Lindsay will throw them in there too.
Okay.
But I'll not.
Ain't nothing there, I like.
5-6705-6, do you want a favor, cut off that ponytail?
Don't you QA him, hello?
Not there. QA him, hello.
QA him?
Yeah, I got two more perlissas or perneal kind of.
Don't get time-time on this, man. Just come down a little bit.
I know, I'm sorry.
I know you get worked up. Go ahead.
It's the first time I'm talking on the phone.
Go ahead.
Okay, deal.
Yeah.
I got two more.
Okay, lay him on us.
John Leslie and I pass your lead.
Hi, Patie Lee.
Hi, Patie Lee.
Okay, good choice.
Van have a great day.
John Leslie, old troll and high-patioly, HIP, H-I-A, T-I-A.
Hi, Patia.
How much?
About 20.
Let's see, porn span to have new specific labels that says here.
The FTC will also ban photos and emails.
Pornographic span email will have to be clearly labeled by mid-June
while our internet users to easily filter it out the FTC announced yesterday.
On solicited pornography, we'll have to bear a label reading
sexually-isplusted content in the subject line.
And the message themselves will not be allowed to and the rest of the pages
isn't for that.
To do something.
Chasey Lane, C-H, well, I'm a sponer when you're faxing this, you're obviously
around it there.
Why am I doing that?
That is I'm dumb, I guess.
Oh, Zoli in North Miami who just won't give up, he's back.
That's the bad news.
A nominee for the post.
See, what did I tell you about this Zoli in North Miami?
Didn't tell you a long time ago, Maricone Grande.
See, Pugaroan.
See.
Chad Hunt.
It says he's a good porn star with a 12-inch toy, noodle.
He frequently visits South Beach and it's actually a nice guy in person.
Look him up online and you'll gag just looking at what you see.
It says Zoli in North Miami.
Chad Hunt.
12 minutes passed, 11 at 560 WQM.
Look at that, 15,000 manufacturing jobs lost in South Carolina in 2003.
They got no work.
And do you realize that 50% of the registered Democrats in South Carolina are dark-completed?
No, I didn't know that.
So, Al Sharvening, I'm going to get a lot of votes.
And there was a prominent black leader in South Carolina today endorsed John Kerry,
which I'm sure Edwards ain't too pleased about that.
I just mentioned these things as a sideline.
If you want the details, listen to the...
What's your name?
Our good friend.
Who?
Randy.
Randy, the goddess.
Don't be knocking Randy.
Now, don't turn on the roof.
Who's talking about the hots for Ann and Maria now?
Yeah, who didn't?
I didn't.
Oh, well, I mean, I like her a lot.
She's a sweetheart.
I love her.
Well, I mean, when we come back from the break, Georgia will tell us about the things
that Ann and Maria did on the slide.
On the side.
Side of what?
Side of building.
Last time you looked at it and decided it's just...
See, I don't...
I can't handle this copy-tod.
You're going to have to come up with something different.
This is so old and so rehashed and so bad.
Okay, it's terrible.
If you've got a really menial paycheck, if it's like you're sweeping floors when you look at your check
is what you're getting paid.
Then change your life.
Do something about it.
Call a fast train.
Get some training.
You get yourself a brand-new high-paying computer career.
Call a fast train at 866 fast train because in just for sure,
at months they can help you get a new high-paying computer career
with a big fat paycheck to replace a little teeny puny when you got right now.
The demand for computer professionals is growing like Thompson.
So call them today.
One, 866 fast train.
With seven locations, there's going to be a campus nearby you.
Fast train offers you job placement, financial assistance for us who qualify.
And with day night in weekend classes, there's no excuse to stay in that dead end job.
No more.
And if you register now, you can have that new high-paying career in just four short months.
So like Todd Dreck, you can have a really big one too, a big paycheck.
Because that's all he's got that's big.
Call toll-free 1-866 fast train right now or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com.
Find your local at the 60s by 60s.
The radio's on your side.
You ain't.
The absence of steel busted your ass with buns of steel.
But man, what muscles do you really want to strike that?
Well, now you can do it with the latest fitness craze.
Manhood of steel.
Yes, manhood of steel.
We'll teach you how to remove a 10 pound weight from the barbell and use the ring-toss method to lift, lift your weight to a pulsing powerful pecker.
I used manhood of steel for three weeks.
And then one day I got a flat tire and I didn't even need to use the jack.
And if you're by manhood of steel today, we'll throw in the manhood of steel shaft strap and woody weight.
Manhood of steel.
Buy it today.
I think we struck a nerve here today if you catch my drift.
Because look at this one facts.
It says your hand Pollock from Bellamy hands down and then it says.
Oh my god.
Wow, you can see kind of like trailing off.
What are those spots on the page, George?
Ew.
There actually came out in the facts.
Your hand Pollock.
Who was that?
Has anybody have any idea from Bellamy?
I remember that song by Bellamy by the T-Set.
Remember that?
I do.
I got it in here.
In fact, I understand they play that on the music in the T-room.
A Kindle Time of Country Mall.
No, you know what the problem is?
I'm going to tell you right now.
And I know this sounds revolutionary and ridiculous.
But like in Amsterdam, like civilized places, they have places where frustrated pent-up people can go and like school around.
Now in America, just like swing clubs.
See, that's a good example in Broward because you got a fascist share of their Ken Jenny who's a real Nazi bastard.
And you know, with all the stuff that goes on to violent crime and rape and all these terrible things, they spend all of this time rating swing clubs.
You know, if it used to be the cave bars in this place, now it's the swing clubs.
Murders and robbers are dangerous.
They have got the idea that anybody is threatened by a swing club.
It's so ludicrous.
The idea that somehow the people who go there, well, they don't want an R neighborhood because they're little children live there.
Well, people who go to swing clubs aren't interested in little children.
That's number one.
Number two, they pay to get in.
It's behind closed doors and whatever any consulting adults are doing behind closed doors.
It's nobody else's business.
It's not Ken Jenny's business.
It's not the government's few can business.
It's nobody's business.
And I'm not making any excuses because I have no, I cut no slack for anybody who's like, yeah, Yanke did it in a public tea room like that.
You know, in a place where there's sex going on, go have a good time.
You want to go get a lap dance, leave people alone.
But Jesus Christ Almighty, Jesus Christ Almighty.
They just take away everybody's choices.
And so what it boils down to is that they, you know, although there are some people who like that kind of stuff.
You know what I mean?
What kind of stuff?
The kind of stuff that we saw at the Canterbury County Country Mall.
Oh, bathroom stuff.
I will never, that urine lady is going to have it.
No, I think part of it.
I think part of that is the thrill, the danger of being caught.
I think that's a part of it.
You want to say?
I'm not sure.
Yeah, yeah.
Which they're obviously not thinking about their names being in the newspaper the next day on the front page.
Although at least I made the front page.
But I mean, you know, what are we talking about here?
We're talking about people who just are way over the line.
Right.
But can't we have a happy medium for people who would like to be a little bit behind the line?
No, we can't have that.
Those swing clubs, man, it's a bunch of perverts in there.
Well, guess what?
I'd like to meet somebody who isn't a pervert in addition to which I don't believe there's one thing on our pole here.
I don't believe it.
Which one?
I've never seen any porn 19.
Because anybody that's got a computer, right?
You know what I'm saying?
How can you open anything or go to any page without a problem?
Come on.
Anybody that's got a computer that hasn't checked into a little here.
And then I, I'm one of these people who finds it extraordinarily boring.
Right.
To be surfing the net for and those chat rooms and all these desparados.
But to be honest, they've got an outlet.
Okay.
At least they've got somewhere to go.
And as long as it's not kiddie porn, who's business is it?
Right.
Right.
Right.
No baby goats.
Here's one that says I want to add.
Oh, this is from our friend Dan.
Oh.
How you doing, Dan?
I want to add to the current poll of current adult entertainers Chloe.
No last name.
Not to be confused with Chloe Jones.
An excellent female star with incredible orgasms.
Chloe.
I also wish to nominate Rocco Ciferetti.
That's what I was talking about before.
You don't know who that is?
No.
Oh, he's been, he's been around for years and years and years.
He's Rocco's differently.
Rocco Ciferetti.
You know, as an amusing and stiff male entertainer,
Dan says personally, I don't even have a third of the package he carries.
Well, maybe he can work for UPS.
Secondly, I'm glad you're enjoying the Moe Bush picture.
I said I sent a link a while back for another web page that kept statistics of wounded or killed American soldiers in Iraq.
I'm pretty much in disgust with the entire rack situation as well as the unemployment issue.
The Republican Congress doesn't matter with stand benefits to the two million plus people unemployed,
as unemployment supposedly allegedly has gone down.
Noted.
I used to be that position myself and I'm still waiting for the real job to appear.
I hope to see Bush out in 2004.
Oh, if I may, I'd like to plug one of your sponsors says, Dan, go right ahead, Interest Diabetic.
I have diabetes and really enjoy this drink.
We greatly are highly recommend to this to anybody.
Thank you for the mention and them as well.
Thanks, Dan.
He covers all the bases right there from Chloe to Interest Diabetic and everything in between.
Is this a crisp because I can make up the bottom of this, Christ?
I don't know.
I gave Josh the fact so he could spell stuff.
I see.
Anyway, it says I used to like a good porn o' flick, but they have gotten so ridiculous.
Have you seen diaries of the tote truck driver?
No.
Not yet.
Saw this one last week.
It deals with a woman's car broken down in the middle of the desert, a big old truck driver, tote truck, as his name.
Stopped to help her.
He opens the car hood and says, I see your problem.
Then he gets the spark plug cable and sticks it in his...
Right.
Wow.
He grabbed.
How much he's gotten even a hot orassed in Tom Brady.
He grabs the moment, bends her over the car and...
Pluture.
The guy then says, bite on a spark plug, bitch.
Is the woman bites on a spark plug?
The woman's car turns on.
Wow.
That sounds like a real turn out of me.
Nina Hartley.
Here's one says, put Nina Hartley on the list.
Not I have one for the poll.
Please put her on.
Put her on.
Okay.
Just calm down.
Wow.
Wall-EB, another one of our regular contributors says, Eric up Boyer.
Oh, I shouldn't be before I get into this.
The hot couple's contest.
It's going to start very soon.
Maybe not this week because we're getting the prizes all firmed up.
We're getting a really firm.
Yes.
And then once you check the pictures on there, you might get a pretty firm too.
But it's going to be good.
We'll do a couple of giveaways like we did last year.
Right?
Right on.
We had some pretty interesting people on there last year.
I'll tend to have some pretty beautiful people.
Beautiful people.
Some people who weren't too bad.
And then we had some...
We had some...
Call of fame.
What the hell was the name of that winning couple?
Man.
I forgot.
Wow.
Oh, Amy Aaron.
Well, you can go on to our features page.
That's probably still on there somewhere, isn't it?
I like this one.
Erica Boyer says Wally, one of the first to take it up to you.
I can't say that, but look too much like Chris Everett.
Or like a donkey pose.
Larry King looked at...
Like I had a loss for words last night.
Yeah, lots of listening.
Very observant Wally.
I was thinking the same thing.
You know what I mean?
I wasn't saying too much.
He didn't want to be associated too much with those things that Bill Marrow was saying.
Like about religion, especially.
Have you noticed the bandwagon jumping going on lately in the media?
Some of the Hoontop propagandas actually seem to be hedging their bets.
Yes, I have.
There you go.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Who's your all-time favorite porn star, male or female?
Uh, 251 votes.
Now look at the whole bunch of them that don't have any yet.
Whole bunch.
Randy West don't have any.
You don't have any Randy.
You've probably listened to right now.
I'm from Randy West.
Jenna Janison 49, Tracy Lord 45.
You people are a bunch of perverts 25, almost 10%.
I've never seen any porn 21.
Merrill and Chambers 14, Amber Lynn 14.
Ginger Lynn is right under Amber.
She's got 12.
Amber Alert.
Vanessa Del Rio 11, Peter North 7.
Oh, look at that.
Because who he took to the 707.
So, Clarence is still dead on around.
Bambi Wood 6, Ron Jeremy 5, Brianna Banks 5, Dominique Simone 4, Christie Canyon 4,
Annette Haven 3, Torrey Wells 3.
Remember inside Jennifer Wells?
No.
Wow.
In fact, the Pat Blum was in it with James Deren.
That's the weather.
Rackjala Darien 2 Jeff Stryker's got up here.
Jennifer Wells 2.
Gloria Leonard's got to that big old bike.
I bet you Al voted for Gloria Leonard.
And then it goes down from there.
Randy West you have the big old Randy.
He's still making movies.
He's about 150 years old.
It's a little on the lymph side.
They have pills for that now.
No kidding.
No Schmidt.
Well, if you don't believe us, let me open your evening.
I just am amazed.
I'm shocked because it just keeps if it's not over the counter medication of some kind,
you know, like cold medication or stuff like that.
You've got all these impotence pills and you've got the cholesterol lowering pills.
Every other ad is for some goddamn pharmaceutical thing while the companies continue raping the American public.
Don't get your drugs from Canada, by the way.
That's unsafe.
Man, haven't I always said that the American government treats the citizens like a bunch of little children?
Yeah.
Oh, it's because naturally here in Canada, we're like a 50th world country and God forbid anybody should take these drugs.
We're sports radio, 5CC, 2AM.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Oh, hi Bob.
Say how have you been readjusting after the divorce?
Bedside bread.
You both didn't get along too well.
All madness.
Nice.
Is she still?
Night shift nurse.
Oh, where are?
Where the boys are.
I see.
So she likes it.
Dildo dolls.
Well, my relationships seem to be doing okay.
Blow your own horn.
Now what's that supposed to mean?
Motel-wide.
Are you insinuating?
Uncut fantasies.
What are you talking about?
Hornomax.
It comes in real handy.
Hey, 9-0-560 WDQM.
Goblin, you're a horror.
Wasn't that with the Ron Jeremy, I believe so.
Here's the facts that says,
from Mike, all those people voting for I've never seen any porn are full of crap.
And Mike, you are absolutely correct.
Says, I guess it's just you, George and I.
The only ones keeping this billion dollar industry alive.
By the way, please put me down for Janet Jameson and Oldie, but a goodie.
And she's leading the pack.
She's got 52, but look who's right on her ass.
Who?
Tracy Lawrence.
They're ass to ass.
Brackdom to.
Brackdom.
Yes.
52 to 48.
You people are a bunch of perverts, 25, 9.2 percent.
Up yours.
I've never seen any porn, 21.
Right.
Well, maybe they're like kids.
Okay.
The kids out of school today?
No.
No.
Let's see.
Amber Lynn, 14.
Marilyn Chambers, 14.
Ginger Lynn, 14.
Vanessa Lowe, 011.
And Kazelito, did I was up to eight?
Bad news.
Speaking of Ron Jeremy.
Yes.
Male or female, and not counting his press agent there.
Who would be voting for him?
See, you have a very short memory.
You were telling me before the show when we were talking about this pool.
You were saying, you'll do well.
He'll do well.
The day that Al dragged him into the building and the fact that everybody in the building was just owing and eyeing and oogling about him.
I don't know.
Some lifeless people with bad taste.
Okay.
What can I tell you?
That's the answer, I think.
I want to tell you one more time.
I don't want to see him again with his clothes on or off or anything in between.
I don't like the guy.
No.
He's got a gigantic ego, right?
At least 10 people were killed in 45 wounded this morning when a suicide bomber carried out a terror attack aboard a bus near Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sherones residents in Jerusalem, Israeli police and medical sources said.
Oi!
I guess that road map's a little on the shaky side, huh?
Yeah.
Better bring your own compass and search party if you use it.
Sherones was at his ranch at the time of the blast aboard bus number 19, which is traveling from the Hadassah, I'm Kerem Hospital.
At least 10 dead 45 wounded.
And Judd says our Kelly stay away from Michael Jackson.
Our Kelly will not be mingling with Michael Jackson during next month's Grammy Festivities festivities.
A judge is ordered the R&B star who's waiting trial on child, a child, porno charges to stay away from the king of pop, himself facing child molestation charges when Kelly attends the awards.
Don't let me forget I better go out and get the new inquiry today.
Don't forget to get the new inquiry.
There might be some really heavy duty crap in there.
Prosecutors and Kelly's lawyers said they never raised the issue of meeting between Jackson and Kelly during hearing this week about Kelly's traveled, but stay the hell away.
Okay.
Stay away from that pervert.
It's bad for you.
Now the interesting thing I saw peace on the news about this a few days ago are Kelly.
His music is selling better than ever.
And he's nominated for two Grammys.
Michael Jackson, nobody wants to touch his music if you can call it that anymore.
Nobody wants to touch his albums with a 10 foot pull with your hand.
Right.
Isn't that interesting?
People are more sympathetic to people who have sex with the underage drill that's supposed to.
You mean like you're really Lewis?
Yeah.
Right.
Because it was consenting.
It was consensual.
Right.
Okay.
Such as it is.
As opposed to people that, oh, I'm speaking to Michael Jackson.
I guess now would be a good time to read about that.
So do you pop up?
A bigger part.
Oh, the Jesus just popped.
Jack O'Pudd wine in voice.
Coke can.
As he says.
Michael Jackson gave wine to the 13 year old cancer patient at the center of the molestation charges.
He's battling but concealed it inside a coke can.
According to a story in the March issue of Vanity Fair, didn't we have this on this highly rated prestige show?
We, months and months ago.
Yes.
About that stuff in Vegas and about the boy party in Vegas, which we still haven't heard anymore about that.
But we will.
That'll all come out.
The incident reportedly occurred during a February flight from Florida and partially explains the charges of administering an intoxicating agent with the Tenth Committee felony that the beleaguered pop stars also fighting in Santa Barbara County, California court.
According to writer Marine Orth.
Orth reports that Jackson refers to white wine as Jesus juice and red wine as Jesus blood.
And usually drinks them out of soda cans so that nobody around him will always consuming alcohol.
Cost of our garagos were not immediately returned.
It's so this is a news day.
Orth citing the singer's former business manager, Myeongho Lee, writes that only Jackson's inner people know his code names for the beverages adding that it tells you that the voice spent quality time with Michael.
That's in quotes quality time.
The boy in the siblings have said that all the kids around Michael knew about Jesus juice and that Jackson told them Jesus drank it so it must be good.
W.W.J.D. what would Jesus drink?
Right?
Yeah.
What would Jesus drink?
Cowsher one I'm sure.
And for his diabetic.
MD 2020.
W2D 40.
Orth also said that at least on one occasion Jackson allegedly gave alcohol and soda cans to minors in a vanity fair piece.
Lee describes a similar incident involving a 13 year old boy in Japan in 1998.
During the boys visit with his family, the Jackson's never-lying ran Jackson and said to a told his accuser, girls are tantaltales making all this paragraph right here.
Wow.
Wow.
He is said to have told his accuser, girls are tantaltales making it clear he didn't want the boy sister or mother around.
The boys ultimately got to sleep with Michael while their mother was put in the guest house.
The magazine says, March issue of vanity fair.
I'm going to have to pick that up as well.
Okay?
Got it.
God don't forget it.
Vandity freaking fear.
I hope that they nail his ass to a goddamn cross.
Maybe Mel Gibson can make a movie about him.
The passion of Michael.
560.
560.
0560.
0560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
WQA.
Hello.
Hi.
New place.
Yes sir.
Is this new?
Sounds like me, yes.
Oh, hi.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I guess you guys going screenless, call me little off guard.
Screenless all year long.
No, no pimps, no intermediaries.
That's cool.
Got to be something for the poll here.
I don't know if you know her name.
I can't think of her name.
It was put on cable so they may have, you know, changed it a little bit.
Jizzel McKenzie.
Who am I thinking?
I don't know.
What's your name?
I have no idea.
I don't know.
You guessed it.
You're reading my mind there.
No, I mean, she's only on cable?
No, I thought on cable like I'm one of these, you know, cinematics more or something.
Later tonight it was a, uh, I'm a little bit more specific clue.
Yes, I can.
Here we go.
Because I mean, I saw Florence Henderson on TV too.
I don't think it was her.
Definitely not her.
I think it was a better look.
I hope so.
Maybe 40 years ago, I don't know.
The name of the movie was Plain Made of the Apes.
I take off a planet of the Apes.
Okay.
I bet you we could look that up.
And there were three women on there.
And the one I'm thinking about was the, the Bruneh with the long hair with the small breasts.
The Bruneh with a long hair and the small breasts.
Yes, but she's very cute.
She's kind of just talking about Jennifer Volapi.
Is that who it is?
Who is it, Josh?
I don't know.
We're looking it up.
Plain made of the Apes.
This is kind of like a, a soft, well, we're looking up the movie.
And then we'll probably find the names of the, uh, brods that we're in in.
We can, you know, pass the names by if Josh gets around, gets his hand out of his pants soon enough.
Can we get to it?
Misty Monday.
Misty Monday.
Monday.
Misty Monday.
That maybe, what is that?
Debbie Roshan.
Debbie Roshan.
It's, you know, I don't know her name, but she was just, uh, I held them.
IMDb is great.
It's got, you know, links with pictures.
Okay.
Well, wait a minute.
We're looking at the pictures right now.
So Josh, we take the one.
We'll see it on.
No, no, we're on that.
We got it.
And who's the other one, George?
We only have a character.
You can't have a character.
Two of them had big, fake breasts.
But the one with the, the real small breasts.
The one with a small, lovely, real breasts.
Okay, we'll find it out for you, pal.
We'll figure it out.
Commander Galer.
Is it you, Vula?
Okay.
I don't think we can put that one on there, but he got the plug.
Dr. Cornhole, yes.
Playmate of the eight.
That's cute.
In fact, wasn't she on trial in Orlando?
The eight.
Oh, yeah.
5, 6, 7.
That, that story is amazing.
Thank you, Duff.
You're really on top of it today, sweetheart.
By the way, speaking of that, how is their clearance doing with what's his name?
What's the guy's name?
Careful.
Casu, he took it on.
He's got eight.
By the eights.
Tracey, Lord has moved into the first place.
I knew it.
I always thought that.
Did I tell you that this morning?
Yes.
Jenna Jameson.
Well, let's see.
Tracey's got 55.
Jenna Jameson, 52.
You people are a bunch of perverts, 25.
But that number's going down.
8.3%.
You're not fooling us.
Okay.
You're not fooling us at all.
They're probably still watching them.
Older eight millimeter ones.
Okay.
Remember those?
Oh, yeah.
I've never seen any porn 21.
6.9%.
You see that number?
Gingerland 17, Amberland 16, Maryland Chambers 16.
Come on.
Maryland Chambers.
Maybe they're remembering her fondly.
I don't remember what was going on.
She was in behind the green door.
Yeah.
That was the movie.
And I don't remember.
I'm sure I saw it because I've seen everyone that's ever been made.
But I don't think she was always weak looking.
Week.
Like just mediocre looking face.
Vanessa del Rio 12.
Well, she was no hot mama either.
Vanessa, but you know, your people are voting for her obviously.
Why aren't there more Latino porn stars?
Latin porn stars?
More Latino porn stars.
Why just said, how come?
I don't know.
Maybe they have seen a cruise disease.
Do you know what I mean?
No.
What?
They're dead.
19 till noon at 5.60.
QAM.
Oh my, I know.
This is sports radio spicy.
QAM.
QAM.
Oh, what's the problem, officer?
Deploy from the vehicle.
If you're God-drying without a seatbelt,
you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new laws in effect now.
So click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this.
They are only following orders.
It's for your own protection in the never-ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorist acts such as mouth noise.
Perping.
And fighting.
Good be annoying to others.
So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
We like saying that.
The law.
The law.
The law.
Mr.
Hey, even a Vatican, even a Rome they have places for the pent-up frustration of the priest
where they can go and like release their frustrations and tensions.
The record.
Well, bath houses.
1146, you may be chopping yourself, but it happens to be true.
That's what I'm told by those on the inside.
Those in the know.
Inside the bath house.
Maybe they just want to be clean.
Maybe they want to cleanse their soul.
Sure.
Or something that rhymes with soul.
56670560, pound 560 on the 8th.
In fact, I can think of two things that rhyme with soul.
One begins with an 8 and one begins with a p.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's bad.
Don't be talking about father's tool like that, please.
Sorry.
Somebody Q.A.
Hello.
A.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one for the fall.
Excellent.
How about long, don't silver?
Long, don't silver, but that's a long time ago.
That's a long time ago.
And I got, I hear you and George going back about Jackie Johnson and her and uh,
Jackie Johnson.
Yeah.
On TV, uh, and I noticed what you're talking about when she's doing the weather.
How one boob looks a little bit larger than the other one.
The left, the left boob is three times the size of the right one.
No, it's the right one that's bigger.
No, wrong.
Well, no, if you look at the left boob this year.
The right one is the bigger one and the left one is not sagging down as far as correct.
That is correct.
As you're facing it, as you're doing push to push, right?
Somebody did some bad surgery there, I guess, huh?
And I'm a push too.
Have a great day, Galley.
See you, Sally.
Long down silver.
You got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Oh, by the way, I've doing the break up that extensive research and I do believe that the person
that he, they had previous call it was talking about his misty Monday.
Okay.
How about John Holmes?
It says here.
Well, I, I, I, or why rather put Sherlock on their homes, but somebody would have to say that.
And those people who are like, as they say in the royalties, size queens, they'll say John Holmes.
Boy, now that, that, that proves my point.
He, he was like somebody in a freak show.
He's still dead, by the way, just mention it.
Anybody notice it says in this, thanks, that we're paying a buck 70 to a duck, 80, a buck, 80 plus for a gallon of gas.
Good thing I said, duck.
Would you please mention what the translation of that drop you have that in Spanish says something like Papa, or Papa Pantauolo.
Papa Pantauolo.
I, Papa Pantauolo.
Papa Pantauolo, man.
Papa Pantauolo, get it right.
Get it correct.
He's straightening out.
It says, no, it's not in your archive drops.
And I was just curious.
Well, don't be too curious.
I, Papa Pantauolo.
Papa Pantauolo.
Only he speaks with like a little like he's got something in his mouth.
Yeah, like most of them.
Right.
Just like that guy from radio pies.
Right.
567.
He just went in there to take a leak, that's all.
He had one of those green, what are they call those things that they stuck in Sheridan's mouth when they give you the electro shock?
The, the bit that, like a bit like a horse.
They have a name protector.
No, it's not a tooth protector.
The hockey players were that it doesn't work.
It's a, oh, geez.
Somebody will know.
Not a bit.
No, bit of honey.
No.
567, 0560, 0560 on a AT and T line.
We got a real good battle here between Tracy's lord and Jenna's Jamison.
Tracy's got 59 and Jenna is got 56.
What about Jenna Bradshaw?
Anybody remember her?
No.
WQA him.
Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Yes, sir.
Okay, I have one free of this.
I have Seca.
I'm there.
Seca, one of the lovely blonde, the sweetest stars, right?
Let me, let me ask you something.
You ever noticed that Mal and Shane was resembles Chris Everett?
Yes, same person.
Right.
I've always thought that.
And they both like to whack the balls.
Thanks a lot, Pallie.
Okay.
Seca, how can you forget that with two Ks, by the way?
S-E-K-K-A.
Two Ks?
Two Ks?
Two that I was just one, but what do I know?
Oh, like I said, one K. Well, look it up.
All right.
Do this, do this spell chick.
Pardon?
Do the chick.
567, 0560, 0560.
Back in the early days of E. Radica, Swedish E. Radica was very, very big.
And then they got tired of it.
Scandinavia got, oh, this is, this is old, okay?
We'd rather do it than watch it.
I think it's basically our altitude.
Nothing like them.
Scandinavian people, man.
They are just incredible.
Then of course, they're always those Chinese people.
They're good looking ones.
And then of course, there are those Latino people.
They're good looking ones.
567, 0560, and the German people.
Woo!
Look out.
One K.
So little time.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Neil, I've got a couple of four of you here.
I think the guy just got it.
Seca, but how about Cam?
Candy Sample.
Candy Sample.
That's an old one.
She's in that Whitman Samper box.
You better believe it.
I'm sure there'll be a lot of guys remembering her.
Right.
All right, thank you.
Okay, thanks.
I thought he said he had a couple.
Not that I'm not that I'm trying to push in the other direction,
but you know what, I'm a little bit lenient today because it's hard to choose only one.
It's very, very hard.
Candy Sample is a couple.
Have I got your pardon?
That's Joe.
Oh.
Josh, he didn't just say that, did he?
No, he didn't say that.
I've just my imagination.
It's just this detail into this cold going through my head.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Should I give him like a preview of the pull we're going to be doing at one o'clock?
Yeah.
And I'll give it to him now.
Three.
It's for fun.
To try to like passify some of these people out there with the instant programming experts.
Oh, your ratings are down because you're always angry and jerseys a little spict.
So we'll put those on there.
One o'clock.
We're not changing it to one.
Because I think that we still got a lot more porno people to put on here, right?
Right.
Which of these statements do you think is most true?
Uh.
Neil is too angry.
George is a hard-ass spick.
Too much bush on the show, the wrong kind.
Well, let's see, we're trying to make a change today.
None of the above.
The show is fine.
WQM has a death wish.
Greg Reed belongs on death row.
Clarity's gay.
Or QM needs to ring for our back band.
I like this pull.
Huh?
Yes.
It's hard to pick only one.
Just like the porno stars.
It's hard to pick only one.
It's like when you got a bad cool.
If you stick your finger in, you know, is it's hard to pick only one?
Or like when you have seeds in your account?
Correct.
It's like when you have seeds in your account.
If you stick your finger in, you know, is it hard to pick only one?
Absolutely.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good, Pallie.
I got a suggestion for your poll.
Okay.
How about Tiffany Towers?
Tiffany Towers.
Yeah, a girl with tremendous boobs, man.
They must be like 50 triple-f or something.
I'll be damned.
Okay, we got it, man.
And one other thing for you.
You know, it's really funny how we have a president get him peach for getting a silly blowjob.
But meanwhile, we got a president that goes in and invades another country and nothing happens to him.
And all these kids are dying over there every day.
It's just a criminal.
Hardly even talking about it.
We had two days ago.
We had six more kids killed over there and they're not even talking about it.
I know.
Nobody's talking about it.
Everybody's still hush, hush, hush.
Except us.
Okay, good luck, Pallie.
See you at the border.
Take it easy, buddy.
Okay.
Nobody wants to talk about it.
So when they call Condoleezza a murderer and of course so they can say the same thing of Romsville and of Cheney and Bush and Wolfowitz and Pearl,
all of these things, all of these Neocons.
It's been the one of the biggest cons in history.
And now they're getting ready for the big spring offensive.
Of course, they're calling it like an Afghanistan offensive or whatever you're calling it.
What it is is a political offensive.
I'm offended.
Yeah.
And everybody ought to be because we're going to lose a lot more people.
A lot more of our young people are going to die for no reason at all.
In addition to which if this, if they're so gung ho for Osama Yamama now, how come they didn't do this a year ago instead of the Iraq attack,
which had nothing to do with anything?
Shut up.
By now we might already have Osama.
We might be breathing a little bit easier and we could concentrate on really important things as in as opposed to trying desperately to stay alive.
56670560, pound 560.
Oh, and listen.
This story just I don't know why more people why didn't get bigger play in the papers.
US scientists create new form of matter finding could lead the better superconductor.
Do you see this?
No, I didn't.
Please tell.
Scientists yesterday said they created a new form of matter and predicted could help lead them to the next generation of superconductors for use in electricity generation, more efficient trains and countless other applications.
The new matter form is called fermionic condensate and it's the sixth known form of matter after gases, solids, liquids, plasma and a Bose-Einstein condensate created in 1910.
You ready for that?
A new form of matter.
The superconductors all were waiting for us so that you have eternal power on your phones and like your while.
Well, we've done this create this new exotic form of matter, Deborah Gin's physicist at the National Institute of the Standards and Technology's Joint.
Must be another one of those scientific, satanic plots.
Thought about it.
She said it's a scientific breakthrough providing a new type of quantum mechanical behavior.
Gin and her colleagues thought a super cool potassium atoms is just one step closer to an everyday usable superconductor.
A material that conducts electricity without losing any of its energy.
It's related to a Bose-Einstein condensate, she said.
It's not a superconductor but it's really something in between these two that may help us in science link these two interesting behaviors.
And other researchers may find practical applications.
If you had a superconductor you could transmit electricity with no losses, Gin said right now something like 10% of all electricity we produce in the US has lost.
It heats up wires and doesn't do anybody any good.
Or superconductors could allow for the invention of magnetically levitated trains free or friction that could glide along at high speeds using a fraction of the energy that trains use now.
How do you like that?
Sounds like another one of those commie pinko scientific plots.
Next thing you know they'll be saying the world is more than 6,000 years old.
Do you believe that?
Plots, femur.
Yeah.
I'll hand it to Bill Maher, I'll give him credit.
It's very, it takes a little bit of a ball to go on the own national TV, even though he's a putt and religion the way he did last night on a king show.
While Larry sat there with twirling his thumbs and saffonist suspenders.
It's just too bad that it wasn't somebody with some credibility saying that although the people that watch Larry King they believe Bill Maher.
I mean that's a magic fit.
You know what I mean?
Four minutes till noon we got the mad dog at two.
We got the hump or it's a super bowl in Houston at four.
Let me say again Houston more boring more tragic than even Buffalo.
Huracan hotline at seven from Tony Romus and you got the big eight to ten educate ten to two.
Joe and Mark overnight in the morning.
Absolutely.
Trust me when I tell you.
Live in local.
Here sports video five 60s you and you a M.
Hey, I'm from out.
I'm not really on a rush.
Lateman and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near roe.
I'm gonna use the hour.
Take high and.
Coming soon lots of pornography on the website.
Stay tuned.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm under age.
I say.
You should break into me.
Cuz you could go to jail if we're see when
a few.
You a few and a few minutes.
She points 25 but she's just a.
pretend he has a reason.
I'm so sweet
Daddy call the cops last night
My breath's not perfect to me
Because I've had such a ring
No no no no, my girl
Teach my needs
My butt just ain't right
Welcome
Of my show
Oh right
She's underage
She'll face
You just 25
You should be scared of her
Yeah
And that boy
Stops breath made her the kind of mind
Oh
What is that?
She's looking right
Fine
She looks 25
But she's just the team
She still looks pretty good
I'll say that Brittany
She's the trouble three
Five, six, eight
I'm a EQA
Even though she's tainted now
She's tainted beef
Ah
Tainted meat
It was that kiss with Madonna
Man, they've done it
It's the Dennis Denise Rodman connection
Anyway, here's the facts that says
Did you hear the news that Rudy Giuliani's been going to replace Cheney in the upcoming election?
Did we hear that?
No
Yes we did
Boy, it's just never ceases to amaze me
While others think it should be and probably will be Miss Rice
Miss Rice
Oh God almighty
Some of you people are just
Puffer
Puffer
State tells Broward to win citrus tree replacement programs
George factfully this because he's got an agenda
And yes, I didn't know that our agriculture commissioner's name was what it is
Charles Bronson
Yeah
You son of a bitch
State agriculture officials have ordered Broward County to win its $2 million program to provide fruit trees to residents who lost trees in the controversial citrus cancer eradication effort
You might want to get some money back
Yeah
Right
They're going to sue the state, get you your money back
Good
The state and county along that have wore how best to fight citrus chanker
And agriculture commissioner Charles Bronson is demanding the county to return any unspent money from the replant-broward program
He wants to give it directly to residents whose trees have been cut down George
Great
Cut a check
It took almost two years for the county and area cities to set up the free tree program after receiving the state grant
But they've since given out 63,000 trees
Even though 747,000 remains unspent
Local officials said it's committed to pay for another 60,000 trees being grown for Broward
About $100,000 could be returned without breaking any contracts
But that money is needed to tell residents how to get those trees when they become available
This is a backwards slap for our challenge in the courts of the citrus canker program
Said County Commissioner Kristen Jacobs who pushed for the creation of replant-broward
It's an attempt at...
Gotcha
Use some of a bitch
Charles Bronson
So anyway, there you go
Somebody says Dirk Diggler or somebody who likes boogie nights a lot
I prefer his twin brother Dirk Diddler, myself
Here's an interesting story just came off across the thing
And what I said before I think we ought to do that
I have like the Pornos star of the day or something like that
Or something like that
Like even the Toronto sun, which is a very conservative newspaper
And nonetheless they have the sunshine boy and the sunshine girl of the day
But they're not naked
But the next best thing every day
What's the next best thing?
We'll be completely naked
Maybe like in a turgid state
Bison speaking of meat, bison burst on a low carb scene
Ever had that?
Yes I have, it's great
Is it?
Oh no, what was the stuff?
Was it bison that they brought by at QAID?
That's why I was at a few AID
Was there or here in the earlier days?
Somebody brought us some really interesting meat
Cocher buffalo meat and it was good, buffalo jerky
Cocher buffalo meat?
Yes
What makes a buffalo kosher the ready?
I thought it was Irv Weinstein on Channel 7 news
He's not there anymore by the way, fat boy
Americans looking for a low carb died in Madcop who have alternative to beef
Are becoming increasingly interested in bison
Although the bison industry is just a baby when it comes to US meat production
There are signs of heightened interest as producers recover from the mid-1990s slump
Brought on by overproduction
People see it more, probably sampled it more and they like it
Said Roy Rozel who manages a bison ranch in Colorado
Is it saying anything about how it tastes?
Bison meat higher in iron than beef can be difficult to find on store shelves
And commands of premium in restaurants and supermarkets compared to a similar cut of beef
At Denver, ground bison was selling for 5.99 a pound
About compared to 4.69 a pound for 93% lean ground beef
Yodde yodde
There have been known known cases of mad cow disease in bison
Yet, when they start feeding them that ground up a crap
They will see the whole deal with the cocher
Cocher buffalo then unfortunately they went on a business
Yeah, it was all organically fed bison
Well, that's great, you give it a shot, let me know how it is
It will take you stay alive after six months
I like my meat
Who is your all time, I like Veal, I like that baby cow
What ever happened to the Veal lady?
Yeah, I do, I don't know, maybe she died
Maybe she died for meat and some tainted fish, some of that mercury poisoning
Who is your all time favorite porn star, male or female?
Tracy, Lord64 and Jenna, Jameson, 62, they're like in a lip block
They are asked to ask them
You people are a bunch of perverts, 31 to 8%. Thank you
We take that as a very high compliment on this show
Where are we going to get the, we could like put the bread, pit, I mean people have seen that, but you know what I mean
Oh, I know what you mean like celebrity nudity, that kind of thing
Yeah, whatever we got, you know, just this kind of a titillation factor
To get more people turned on their web site and then maybe by accident to look at some of the other needs stuff on it
Oh, work on it, it'll be a labor of love
Whoa
You people are a bunch of perverts, 31, I've never seen any porn, 23
Right, sure
I bet you've blind Mike voted on that
Gingerland 22, Amberlyn 18, Marilyn, you think that they have porn in Braille?
You know, because remember, isn't that something to think about?
Not blind Mike, the chronic Jingle guy, but Mike Bohan, the Borda, the other camp
Did he have porn in Braille?
They publish, or at least they used to publish Playboy in Braille
And they have a great variety of erotic material for the blind according to him
Well, listen, I agree
Gingerland 22, Amberlyn 18, Marilyn Chambers 18, I can't believe it, Vanessa del Rio 17
Christie Canyon 14, Christie Canyon, Rackhalderian 12, Peter North has got 10
Because Zuhito Tadano was right on Peter's ass, he's got nine
Dominique Simone 8
Vandy Woods has got 8, well she was really a hot number, I'll tell you
You ought to go out and find out somewhere, steal it, Debbie does Dallas, I mean, it's pretty corny
But she was just beautiful
I guess you like that?
I guess you like that
Tom Ahtoriwel 7, Nina Hartley 7, Ron Jeremy 7, Brianna Banks 6, Savannah 6, Anethaven 5
And Rockle Severity's got 4, Jeff Stryker 4
They're a tied side by each
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 people, keep this going, let me tell the audience the pull for the next hour, starting next hour
And the one that will be on there the rest of the day
Which of these statements do you think is the most true? I already told him this tonight
Neil is too angry, George is a hard-ass pick, too much bush on the show, the wrong kind
None of the above, the show is fine, WQM has a death wish
Greg Reed belongs on death row, Clarence's gay or QM needs for well back bad
Which of those? Is for well coming back? No
By the way, Chris, who keeps faxing illegible classes, your faxes are illegible, Chris
Not as he faxes, it's nothing, if I could read it I would tell you
I see
Hey, your faxes are illiterate, get a new thing
Somebody QA him, hello
Hey, can I vote for the poll?
Yes sir
George is a dumbass stupid stick
He's talking about...
He's talking about the other pull
I believe Mullen wants to put you on this one, maybe he thinks you're pornographic
Yeah, see one thing about you, and I don't know why this is
I mean there are a lot of people that hate me like poison, but I think that the
The death, the intensity of the hatred toward you is so much greater, I mean it could be wrong
Than the hate for you?
Right, of course, why is that?
I fill in for you
No, that's not it
Alright, now there's something beyond that
In fact, maybe we'll take a poll on that one of these days very soon and fight
I just what it is about you that they...
I know we've done that in the past, but it has to be a little bit...
I was on some other station somewhere else in the North Dakota, somewhere it wouldn't matter
It wouldn't generate the hate, but I fill in for the great Neil Rogers and its sacrilege
See now you're blaming me for it?
No, it's my fault
I'll take responsibility, it's my fault
Alright, WDQA him, hello
Yes, Captain Neil, please
Speaking, yes
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me, you bet
Hey, how you doing Neil?
Neil, how you doing?
Listen, I wanted to tell you, it's impossible, first of all, for Buffalo to be kosher
It's absolutely impossible, they don't chew their cut
Oh my God
Yeah, isn't that ridiculous?
They don't chew their putt?
No, they don't chew their putt, they definitely don't
But I got a question for you
The book that Paul Neil just put out
He can't put the book out, it's a book about him
The book would be over, he makes the accusations about Bush going on
Have he decided to go to war before all this
The book is pretty lame
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I remember a while ago, maybe about like maybe eight months ago
You're referring to a car-loud group document?
Is that the same thing that he's talking about?
I remember him
It's a lot of things, anything about...
Well, there is stuff about the car-loud group in here
Yeah, but also about PNAC, the project for New American Century
All of that stuff is in there
Which leads me to another question because I was looking for that story for a while on your archives
Do you stop archiving stories after a while on the website?
How long are they on their George?
And definitely as far as I know
Oh really?
Okay, so maybe I'm just a dumbass and I can't go on that
But I don't know
He's just saying that to try to pacify you with the answer
But I don't really know, I haven't really been able to talk to him
Are y'all pacifying me anyways? I'm having for any answer
Oh and speaking of pacifier, Tungdy Presser is the word I think I was looking for before
A Tungdy Presser
Oh, when they give electro-shock therapy
Not that there's anything to do with this, but it just popped into my mind
Hey, Neil
Yes sir
Including, Rimmer's an Apple
Okay, thanks
You're welcome
Welcome to 5-6-7
Unless it's speaking of rumor, I don't want to knock my close personal friend Rimmer
But I will anyway, him and Denise, man
I'm gonna tell you, I'm watching they end, there was a turn into a very exciting game last night
The Flyer Panther Game
This business of going off on these tangents and talking about all this extraneous stuff
Telling stories, you know, and having this verbal intercourse back and forth
While there are all these unbelievable chances to score goals at both ends
And goalies are making great saves
Both toward the end of the game and then in overtime
Although at least thank God he got these save on record that Lwango made
But you know, Rimmer, cut the crap already
Will you please, people want to hear an exciting description of what's going on
When the game is exciting
When it's a blowout like Monday Night's Game we got to be
At that point you can tell all your stories about Christian who's idiot
Is a good Christian or whatever you want to tell us
But make the game exciting to describe the action
That's what we're gonna want to hear
Not all these bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap
and all this extraneous stories about stuff that happened 80 years ago with some frog and Montreal nobody cares then Ace okay get a life you stupid frog
it's the last mortgage you'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are in credible you pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit for your fees zero discounted points get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%
if you have a hundred thousand out of loan your payments are every low 3.34 a month if you have a two hundred thousand out of loan your payments are a mere 6.68 a month
don't forget once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never pay closing costs again so if this sounds interesting do you call and get all the information by dialing 1.809.40 land
get that low rate mortgage if you zero and then move on to your next property without any further cost or expense you pay zero underwriting fee zero dock fees zero closing costs even when you move to another property
get that new low financing rate of just 1.25% it's the only one mortgage and it's only from our friends the financial group for details call 1.809.40 land and never ever pay closing costs again financial group at 1.809.40.80
and equal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 4.21 APR
and all this is 4.205 city
you way you way am
okay
renting on the airway
we're going to get you one
fantasy will have to do you ain't getting none
reality escapes you you lie and you scheme
you'll never have me
going down life
everyone knows the only one who's
the bloodsheeted wasted
I did, talking trash with a smile, your heads up your ass, it ain't been out in a while.
It ain't been out in a while.
But that was the old Randy, see the new Randy who's going to save us from all these
right-wing conspiracies, which I commend her for highlighting.
You go, girl, right?
All the evil.
Exactly.
She can undo the evil doers.
1220.
At the QM, here's the fact that his vise and meat is known for giving you anal leakage.
Right, the meat tastes good, but not worth the side effect it now.
I don't understand this last sentence, it even states it in the packaged pork.
What does packaged pork have to do with vise and meat?
I don't know, I think the pax is maybe confused.
I see, or maybe they're just packing pork.
When we had that sponsor, he gave us like an entire box of, the sponsor.
What's the sponsor?
He was a sponsor on the station, the vise and meat guy, the kosher buffalo meat.
Really?
Yeah, and he brought boxes of jerky in and I ate bags of the stuff, it was great.
And it didn't leak at all.
Yeah, but you're not one of those fat people.
So fat people have anal leakage.
All the time, no matter what they eat.
Now, too bad we didn't use this story earlier, but it's just one of those judgments, because
we don't want to appear on the adred report again, giving misinformation like going
on here and saying that Jolie runs dropping out after the New Hampshire primary.
Correct.
Or saying that Keri's going to win by six points.
We don't want to give him misinformation about that, Ms. Fudge.
So I waited till we had, but here it is on the SunCendle website.
Actress Robin Given cited after SUV runs over elderly woman in Miami.
I thought it was two people.
Well, it's chopped off at the end here.
Well, maybe we'll get into the story here.
Actress Robin Givens was cited for failing to use do care Wednesday.
And after police said her SUV ran over an elderly woman trying to cross busy,
disgain Boulevard.
Where do you get the two people?
I don't know.
I guess I diluted.
Neither the 39-year-old Givens nor two children in the SUV ages 4 and 10 were injured,
but the accident left 89 year old Maria Antonio Alcover of Southwest first-rate Miami
in critical condition at Jackson Memorial this morning.
How come it took them so long to get to SunCendle website?
This says 11.22 a.m. and it happened last night.
And somebody faxed this to me earlier than it happened, but we had to wait.
Witnesses told police went to his accident occurred around 6.20 p.m. last night while Alcover
was crossing buscane Boulevard near its intersection with 79th Street where we sure know that area
well.
Right by the INS building.
Right by the old SunCendle's market.
Right.
Right by the old I.
O.
D.
Alcover was halfway across the Boulevard when a traffic light changed to green.
A black 2000 Mercedes-Benz SUV that had been stopped at the light continued southbound
on the Boulevard and collided with the elderly woman.
After being struck, police spokesman Delrish Moss and Alcover fell backwards and her left
foot landed beneath the SUV.
The still moving Mercedes ran over the foot nearly severing it.
Oh, Jesus!
The driver of the SUV robbed Simone Givens apparently continued on for several more feet before
being flagged down from witness.
When Given stopped the SUV, police said the actress walked back to aid the injured Alcover
until she was rushed to Jackson.
Givens was cited at that point.
She was extremely cooperative and shaken by the experience.
It was not immediately known what relationship the two young boys were to Givens who often
winters on nearby Miami Beach.
Well, it's an accident.
You know what I'm saying?
What we're going to do about that?
What is there to say about that?
First said.
Yes.
Maybe Mike Tyson can get a hold of Robin Gillens again, huh?
Smack around a little bit.
Straighten her ass out after doing something like that.
Oh, it's big in a punch packing.
Yvonne Rodriguez and the Detroit Tigers are on the verge of agreeing to a $40 million
for your contract, the AP learned last night.
And he's going to be examined in Texas today.
They're going to examine his truckers in Texas.
And if he clears the thing, clears the exam, he's going to Detroit.
You know what?
Great place for him.
Stick his ass in Detroit.
And the rest of them in Ishtag, Michigan and the rest in Macon, Ireland.
Screw your punch.
Bye-bye.
The fact that there were assholes in the median South Florida.
Oh, can we get him back and people call this radio station?
You think the mongers can get punched back?
Man, you talk about having no self respect.
Yeah.
After somebody slaps you in a face like that.
And it's all indignant and full of crap.
Good place for you, Detroit, man.
I hear everybody on the station talking about what a toilet it is and they're right.
After Houston, after Buffalo, in fact, I had a both of them, I would say Detroit, biggest
toilet in the world.
It's an outdoor turlant.
Al Qaeda side calls for big attack on U.S.
We'll save that for next hour.
I don't want to get anything too depressing.
Theme campaign is coming on glued, gets a shake up, fired his manager.
They got all kinds of stuff going on.
You see the name of the new campaign manager that he's having?
His name is Rory.
Oh, that's right.
You played that yesterday.
Rory Neority.
He's hiring Rory Neority a long time to Al Gore.
He's hiring Rory Neority.
But we'll get to that.
Well, it takes a more cause.
Let's get some more names on here.
Although we're Schmitt can and this thing at one o'clock.
How's it coming right now, Neority?
Valued.
Rory Neority.
Who's your all-time favorite porn star, male or female?
Rory.
Tracy Lorde 75, Jenna Jameson 72.
Word was that Roy Foster was hung like a buffalo.
You people are a bunch of perverts.
34 of you said that 7.6% will shame on us.
Are we doing field guilty about?
No.
I've never seen any porn 24, 5.3%.
Well, you just wait till next week when we turn our website into a pornographic website.
Maryland Chambers 20, Amberlin 19, Vanessa Del Rio 19.
It'll be a labor of love, George, like you said.
Christian's Canyon 15, Rackel Darien 13, Peter North's got 11 inches, Dominique Simone
11, Nima Hartley 10, Torrey Wells 10, Kazuhito Tadano's got, look at that.
I bet you Robert Creeper voted now too.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Ron Jeremy is tied with Bambi Woods.
They each have eight.
Oh yeah, I'm sure that Ron Jeremy is equally as lovely as Bambi Woods.
Oh God.
And I'll guarantee you that every one of the people who voted for Ron Jeremy is a heterosexual
George.
You can blame us for a lot of things, but having to taste that bad and then it's not
one of all I bet to differ.
Savannah 7, Linda Love, 8.6, Brianna Banks 5, 6, Anethaven and Rocco Ciferete's have
5.
Oh, he's used to be pretty and she is.
Jeff Stryker for Chloe for Gloria Leonard, that big old bull bike Scott for.
Long dong Ding dong silver's got three.
Sean Michaels 2 Chad Hunt is got two.
Johann Pobick, public.
Is that really the name?
I don't know.
It was on the back.
It's got two.
Jennifer Wells 2, Nikki Charm up here.
Saka's got up here, but they're kind of old and saggy.
And Candie's sample has got two and a bunch of others was one.
They always work on a saggy.
I don't think I really get out of here.
Saka was impeccable man.
She was spotless.
No, you're well, maybe when you first start seeing her.
Okay.
But back in the day last year.
Ah, no, about 40 years ago.
She looked pretty good.
Trust me when I tell you.
Or not, she looked better than Jackie Johnson.
I'll guarantee you that.
That's why I still have to laugh at some of these guys.
It tells you the desperation level of South Florida.
You're sitting there watching Jackie Johnson just rubbing that thing raw.
God, she is.
Small potatoes.
At least one of them is pretty small.
And that's probably the one that's is real.
Dallamaatris knows that nothing can improve your daily health while being in productivity
better than a great night's sleep.
If the old mattress is worn out, you'll know it.
Your back will tell you you're not getting a good night's sleep.
You feel like you haven't slept at all.
So celebrate the new year in real comfort with the great new mattress from Dallamaatris.
Call them now.
Dallamaatris is proud of how it's turns and foster.
They're already strong.
Champagne's your lineup.
Steers and foster is the best mattress made in America.
And you can sleep on one as soon as tonight.
If you make that call right now, one 800 mattress and Dallamaatris also carries the complete
line of all the top manufacturers in the universe.
Seely, Srinath's King Coral Temperaturated 2.
You can choose from literally dozens of models at low unbeatable, every day, discount prices.
So if you want to get ripped off head for the bedding and department stores.
If you want the best deal, go and call Dallamaatris.
They're the only folks who let you choose that two-hour delivery window that meets your
schedule to any day, seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 a night when it's
convenient for you.
They're the number one customer satisfaction for all of these reasons.
So do the smart thing like I'm doing and George and Miguel and everybody at QM is doing.
Call Dallamaatris to guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for years to come.
1-800-MACRIS, 1-800-MATTRES or online, you'll find them at macris.com.
My, and look all this is 4-205-60.
You ain't too way yet.
I woke up this morning with a feeling of despair.
I looked for my pussy but my pussy wasn't there.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, push, push, push, push, get, get, get, get, get, my cat fell in the well.
I got out of the bedder and I climbed down to my bed.
That's our energy of being that my pussy was soaking wet.
Well, well, well, not a cat fell in the well.
Oh, push, push, push, push, push, get, get, get, get, my cat fell in the well.
But I got home by the pump.
Was she pushed and it she jumped?
And never was a kid in half that's pretty as pussy that fell in the well.
Then never was a pussy that could quite compare with her.
No.
Pretty as a picture with her long and silky fur.
Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, push, push, push, push, push, get, get, get, get, my cat fell in the well.
If you have a pussy that you wouldn't tread our cell.
Never let her wander or she might fall in well.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, push, push, push, push, push, get, get, get, get, get, my cat fell in the well.
Well, I mean, now we're playing clips with Chris M-O-R-O-N on the year from 100 years ago.
See, one thing, well, many things, Ferris doesn't understand beside life,
is that there are a lot of people listening to the video, Roger,
show who couldn't give a flying crap less about sports.
That's number one.
Number two, after the people who do care about sports,
95% of them could care less about hockey, unfortunately,
but that's the reality of it.
So playing these long, ponderous clips from all these games 100 years ago,
is nothing more than just wasting an incredible amount of time, number one,
and number two, like a tune out.
You're a tune out, Clarence, okay?
I think we ought to just stop playing those things.
Okay.
I'm serious.
We're going to be more selective about the rejoins that we plan
than Josh can get fired.
I mean, I'm just telling you, we're playing.
It reminds me of those awful Steve Nicol-Days at IOD.
Oh, he's not playing the rejoins at it.
That's my time.
I need that time.
That's the kickback series that you're playing.
The old kickback series was great.
It's one thing to kick back.
It's another thing to take a kickback.
Oh, speaking of kickbacks, that's a great article,
but it's much too long in ponderous for me to read on the ear
from the Washington spectator.
He's about the Bush family's profiteering,
we ought to get that off on our website.
I'll fetch the cover to Eric.
Oh, yeah.
I'll fetch the cover on it to Eric.
Oh, but why don't you see any, well, he'll find it under Washington spectator.
You'll find it, Eric.
Trust me.
You can do it.
If anybody can do it, man, you demand this thing from a crisp.
Maybe his fax machine in New York isn't working because it's trying to give him a message.
I mean, Sakaka Kamal P.P.
Come on, Chris.
Yeah, Sakaka Kamal P.P.
That great Japanese porn star.
Come on, Chris.
Get with it.
Get a life.
He's under a lot of pressure.
And speaking of a blow,
Jobs, somebody faxes me this.
I saw this, but why would we want to talk about it?
The decomposing remains of a 60 ton sperm whale
exploded on a busy Taiwan street,
showering nearby cars and shops with blood and organs,
and stopping traffic for hours.
The 56-foot dead whale had been on a truck headed for an autopsy at the University earlier this week,
when gases from internal decay caused its entrails to explode in the southern city of Pinae.
The whale had died after his beach on the southwestern coast of the island of Taipei.
I think that's funny.
Huh?
I think it's fine.
You think that's funny?
The sperm is spurtin' all over the place.
Exploding whales.
Here's another facts.
Oh, God.
This one's getting so chronic, man.
So chronic.
I'm severely concerned about Mr. Mad Dog show.
Like you mentioned yesterday,
he keeps unconsciously making references to the male genitenia.
Well, whatever.
Call him up and talk about that.
It wasn't Mad Dog talking about Tom Brady's ass.
That was the moment.
Absolutely.
His obsessed with Tommy Brady's ass.
And probably rightfully so.
56670560.
Do you think we have a few more names to put on here?
I don't even know why we'd bother.
Well, we'll give it a shot.
Why not?
Somebody cue him.
Hello.
Hey, no.
Yes, sir.
I got one for the poll.
I'm not sure if anybody's study yet, but what about Kobe Thai?
Kobe Thai.
That sounds like something even in a Japanese restaurant.
George Nover.
No.
You know who that is?
No.
But we'll put it on there and make you feel better.
Okay, thanks.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Who is your favorite all time?
Oh, look at that.
Joe Coniston, one of my favorite comments.
It's really qualified to comment on what the president's intentions were or how intelligence
was used or manipulated.
He wasn't in the CIA when these decisions were being made.
He was brought on after the invasion to try to find these weapons.
They're not there.
And the fact is that the president, the vice president, the secretary of state, the national security
advisor and many people in the administration professed a level of certainty about the fact
that there were weapons of mass destruction, very, very dangerous quantities of very specific weapons in Iraq.
The secretary of defense said he knew exactly where they were.
I think that is a misrepresentation.
I don't think there's any doubt about that.
They couldn't have been certain about it.
But let me ask you that's not true.
But Joe, when I interviewed David K. Yesterday, he specifically said he spoke to all of those people who came
up the professionals in the CIA and the defense establishment.
He spoke to all of them and asked them, were you under any pressure to tailor to a color your bottom line to coincide with the political views of the top three administration?
I understand that.
I understand that.
He said, flatly, that not one person said that.
He said they came up with those wrong assessments on their own.
You're such a shield, Wolf.
I think that those professionals would necessarily tell a presidential appointee that the president had pressured them or their colleagues to do something like this.
I don't know if they would or not.
I think we need a full investigation of what happened here.
The fact is that the vice president and others from his office were going to the CIA.
There's no question that the administration wanted to have a certain intelligence message out there.
They decided to go to work with their Rockies early as February 2001, according to Paul O'Neill.
And I think we don't know the truth about this yet.
Nice going, Joe.
Joe Conison from the New York Observatory is great.
I love that guy.
I love that guy.
One of my favorites.
Of course, Wolf looks at me.
I'm going to be with you.
I'm going to be with you.
Stick it up your ass, Wolf.
You edit.
You shill.
You phony.
Piece of turd, man.
Heinrich Himmler, Jr.
Todd and Hollywood, who is a very, you're right.
He added very to the chronic factor on here.
I mean, just in obsess.
He says all sports announces this town suck.
And so did Anvia true.
Is it true?
Is it true, Michael?
Is it true?
No.
Anyway, he says, I like it fine.
She says, how do you like it?
Todd says he likes it.
Fine.
Anvia true.
Get around here for a couple of minutes.
So we put him at pool.
Twenty-two one.
We got the mad dog at two who evidently also is vying with Mo for Tom Brady's ass.
And also the first lady.
She wants her hand on Tom Brady's ass.
Everybody's after four times ass.
Hank Goldberg at the Super Bowl for this afternoon.
Hank will probably have an update on Tom Brady's ass because he's close to the action.
And then we got her a Koon Hotline at seven at Tony Romas.
At 67th in Ludlowman South Miami for all due sports nerds out there.
All due silly hurricane people.
The big O.
Orlando Alza query at eight.
Eddie K. at 10 and Joe and Mark overnight.
Followed by the unmentioned one.
Twenty-two, I guess I'll save that story for like a minute or two.
About Alkaida.
Okay.
I don't want to give people nervous and all spastic.
Okay, they've had enough stress.
They've been led down the garden path one time too many.
Hey, if you're thinking of buying a new car or truck.
If you want to save a lot of cash that I invite you to visit.
Armistrocks Toyota of Homestead located on US one just twenty minutes south of eight thirty six.
Armistrocks Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive to matter where you are.
To save yourself a tremendous amount of money.
Thousands and thousands on brand new Toyota's.
Check out these great prices.
An O4 Corolla loaded including air that you own for just twelve nine ninety.
An O4 Camry with air automatic and much more just sixteen nine ninety.
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra?
The safest truck in America from just fourteen nine ninety.
And when you buy your new vehicle, the Armistrocks Toyota of Homestead.
You get a free sun pass.
These were the first dealers in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life.
General manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever it takes to put you in an exciting brand new Toyota today.
So experience the Armistrocks Toyota Homestead difference.
They're locally owned and operated.
They're committed a hundred percent customer satisfaction.
Service department is open late week night to late to make sure your service work is done right.
Conveniently located to US one and two ninety third street in Homestead just twenty minutes south of the thirty six.
So if you're sick and tired of those mega dealers who over promise and under deliver.
You ought to be calling David Rich the Toyota Homestead GM right now at three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven.
That's three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven.
Armistrocks Toyota of Homestead drive a little and save a hell of a lot on that brand new Toyota.
Five and a local six.
Five six.
You're.
You.
Am.
Protect radio WQL.
And now a word from Howard Beans wife.
Type.
Hello there.
I'm Dr. Julius Steibern.
Quite but presidential candidate Howard Dean.
You can call me Judy.
Now judge Judy.
That's a different risket.
People have to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with how he.
Hey did you get a good look at me in Iowa.
I scared a crap out of myself.
I make Ralph a bitch and I look like a shane of poonum.
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much.
You know anyway how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it.
No I say that's a bunch of misogas for those of you who don't to keep each the year is that means crap.
How is a good guy though he's what you might call a loose cannon.
He's got a pretty bad temper on him.
I remember one time one of our kids left the cap off of the toothpaste.
I thought he was going to blow a gasket.
He's going to cut out in his head and that white spit strings were going in the corners of his mouth.
Even my sugar.
I spent 23 years with the shaggits.
Most of the time he's a man.
But on occasion I hate him.
I think my husband how he would make for a very good president.
One of the things I'm a little peered about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV.
I run a watch section of city.
I get a schlepped down to campaign headquarters or to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set.
I have never seen any program in color so I know Jackie Kennedy.
Hell if you look at me I'm no Ted Kennedy.
I don't want to make up.
I'm like a whisker away from being amish.
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign.
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints.
Anyway, Gazagazon.
That's here this for Dr. Judith Steinberg over and out.
People are about a committee to elect John Kerry president.
He's got the new campaign manager now how he's got no money to spend on these seven states coming up next week.
Which are let's see North Dakota.
Delaware.
Yeah. South Carolina.
You can just play the tape.
Missouri.
Arkansas.
I mean Arizona, New Mexico.
That's off the top of my head.
Is that correct?
I think so.
And anybody's got no money for that.
And quite frankly, he probably shouldn't waste any money in that because he's not going to win in those states anyway.
Right?
He's waiting for Michigan.
He's got a shot to win there.
I believe he's waiting for Wisconsin, which I think he just might kick ass there.
He's not dead yet.
They're writing them off too soon.
Al Qaeda site.
And what's the name of that new manager?
New.
The current strategy of Al Qaeda is to pursue a major attack.
This is from UPI.
I want to get you nervous.
A major attack on the United States to provoke retaliation against Saudi Arabia according to a radical Islam website.
An online magazine thought to be affiliated with al Qaeda.
This is a statement in mid-January, issued by the group's leader, Osama Yamama bin Laden, indicates that the next major attack by al Qaeda will be on targets inside the United States.
We continue on our path and on our G-Hod against America right cheek Abdul al-Rashoud and the January 20th issue of Voice of G-Hod and online magazine.
We continue to strike at America.
We expect that our next blow will cause the collapse of the situation in Saudi Arabia due to vengeful response.
The first result of which will be the direct occupation of the oil sources and America's entrance into Saudi Arabia with the aim of changing the situation from its foundations.
Bin Laden expects that the U.S. will directly attack the oil sources and will declare their occupation it continues.
This situation will lead to the total collapse of the regime and the region.
Voice of G-Hod calls upon Islamic fundamentalists in each of the region's countries to prepare for such a contingency by preparing to rule through Islamic law as each regime collapses.
Anyone interested in correcting the situation of the Muslim nation must be prepared for this situation by establishing a council of clerics and preachers that will deal with the anticipated total collapse he adds.
The House of Saud, which rule Saudi Arabia has been a consistent source of anger by al Qaeda for its close ties to the U.S. its corruption which has squandered much of the nation's oil wealth and its decision to base U.S. troops in Arabia during an act of the First Gulf War.
As a result, Bin Laden has long advocated and overthrown the regime and its replacement by fundamentalist rule.
Voice of G-Hod explains that in Bin Laden's mind there are only two scenarios under which the U.S. would move to occupy Saudi Arabia which it considers a crucial development of a pursuit of a worldwide clash between Islam and the West.
The first would be the collapse of the pro-American regimes in the region.
The second involves an attack on the U.S. that draws a military response in the Persian Gulf.
America will take a mighty blow, will go berserk and then decide to punish the extremists deep in the Arabian peninsula by means of direct occupation the editorial said,
this is like the Zionist who were not satisfied with all the treacherous deeds of the Palestinian Authority and with the repression of the Palestinian Mujaadine by Asher Arafat and his authority in the days of the implementation of the Oslo Accords.
The attack on America is predicted by voice of G-Hod in the near future.
It is described as one as devastating or more so than the non-loved attacks by al-Qaeda.
It will be a surprising blow that is one that is completely unexpected continues.
It cannot conceive or imagine the way in which it will be carried out. It is a great blow.
That is the losses that will be caused to America and the Western world and its wake will be very great.
The blow will change the international balances of power.
The translation of the editor was provided by the Middle East Research Institute which provides translations of Arabic media sources and other both licenses as well.
They are talking about a good game.
They are going to give a big blow.
People are going to say, the media was unfair to how we are deemed a doctor and they are the ones that turn everybody against them.
In fact, I think that the reason they did not do his well and our poll is not because fewer people support him in Florida or in our audience.
Maybe we just turned off some of them people. Maybe they are gone.
Maybe.
You know what? Too bad.
Because if I would only had negative, some negative things to say about him after that performance which now ABC is saying you see, nobody could hear anything.
The crowd was screaming. He had the directional mic so it made it sound like he was screaming a lot louder.
Well, that is fine.
My main problem with him wasn't that whole song in advance and if anybody should know how the media like just stomps on things over and over again and runs a minute of the ground, I should know what I do.
But his performance and the debates, his inability to be prepared like in the black and brown thing.
That was pathetic. It was tragic.
And you start to wonder, can this guy really think on his feet?
Can he really answer the questions directly? Is there really something there?
I mean, when he's on, he's unbeatable when he's on. Right? He's phenomenal.
But when he's off, he's brutal.
He's kind of like Wally Hennessey at Pomp of Park. When he's on, he's great. You can't beat him.
When he's off, like the whole month of January, Wally, he couldn't find a finish line with a road map and a compass and a search party.
So anyway, Howard Dean's got a brand new campaign manager whose name is Roar.
I just said that again, so I could play that.
The interesting thing which most people don't seem to realize is that the delegates, which is how the nomination takes place, candidate needs 2,161 delegates out of the current 43-21.
Guess who leads in delegates so far. I'll tell you how we're Dean, who's got 113 compared to 94 for scary John Kerry 36 for Yahoo Edwards.
Guess how many carts got?
530, man.
And 25 for Julie Bergman. The reason we're in high, the reason I'm bigger part. Yeah, they're in labor.
The reason I'm bigger is that I'm bigger than a tie with Dean. Forget about the other guys. He's in high with Dean.
Virtual. Close enough.
The reason Dean's delegate total top scurries that includes the endorsements elected Democratic leaders and party officials each of whom cast a vote at your lies Democratic National Convention in Boston.
These are the so-called, oh my god, the conventions in Boston. I've forgotten about that. Do you know that? What about them?
Well, I'm just thinking with Kerry in the lead now and a convention in Boston, I mean, it's just going to be a raucous wild enthusiastic affair if he should be the winner.
These are the so-called super delegates currently number 800 and one to figure that can change before the convention.
So Dean's got 113, Kerry 94, 36 for Edwards Clark.
But third, man.
And Lieberman has got 25.
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. There's no point in taking any more names for the list because we're curtailing it now. We're smith-canning it.
We're changing a pool.
I think we got plenty more than enough on the shirt to keep everybody happy with a smile on their face, giving some ideas to go out to their nearby family video store.
They're going back there where they have the curtain, you know, and have the big steel curtain that beaded curtain and they check your ID.
Who is your all-time favorite porn star, male or female?
Jenna Jamison 85, Tracy Lord 83, pretty damn tight. Well, it used to be.
You people are a bunch of perverts, 47.7%. Well, too frickin bad, okay? Turn over to Rush. He would never watch Pornow. He's too busy.
Poppin' pills. I've never seen any porn. 29.5.5%.
Gingerlin 27, Maryland's Chamber. 23, Vanessa Del Rio 21, Amberlin 20.
Christie's Canyon 19. What is that Darian? Darian? I don't know. 16. Dominique Simone 14.
How Simone doing on passion? She's an idiot. Nice eyebrows though Simone. Where did I leave off? Nina Hartley has got 12. Mary Ann Hartley has got a couple. Peter North has got 12 inches.
No matter how I keep saying that, because no matter how high the total goes, it'll be honest.
Torrey Wells 10, Ron Jeremy 10. Doesn't that make you want to gag? Yeah. Doesn't that make you want to get right down to the floor and just give it the old hevo?
Kazuhito Tadano continues right on Ron's ass. That big fat Harry Jewish ass. Kazuhito's got nine.
Bambi Woods 8. Savannah's got eight. On that Haven 7. Brianna Banks has got six. As does Jeff Striker. Chloe and Rico Rico a Sep ready. I got six. Linda Lovely six. I'm getting tongue tied.
John Michael's five. Gloria Leonard four. Man, oh man. What a piece. Nikki Charm three. Long dong silver three. Candy sample three. Jennifer Wells two. John Leslie two. John Napovic Polak. Whatever his name is to Chad Hunt has got a pair.
Zac has got a pair but George said they're old and wrinkly and saggy. Shriveled. Honey's got melons. Only one for honey melons. One for all these Gina Lamarca. Joey Silvera. Erica Boyer. John Holmes has got one.
Yeah, it's kind of shriveled now. Who else got one? Nico Jones, Taffy Towers, Kobe Thai and via true. Is it true? K Michael?
And no votes for Heather Dean. Jake Reed. Steel cult. Misty Monday and Randy West. Hey, Randy, that's gone. Maybe you got the big. This is what he's all praying to get another one.
He, you know, even when he was younger, he's so ugly. Randy West. Give us him. Yeah, of course. He loves our show. He's a good pie. He's a man. Randy, you are grotesque.
We're supposed to be in five days. We're going to have a lot of fun.
And bonus, but no, since fear is neither has one Natasha and I no longer have to look for motion square. Instead, we listen to the near-roger's parent imbalance. One to two hours.
Raw.
Yeah.
In each of the seas that we're lacking is the home.
They provide a headlight that will lead you by the dawn.
All right.
And stand is the one.
Now then I'm only one.
They take it to the end.
Don't forget that.
We got it.
Now we're all talking and saying you got it.
It won't attack us so long.
We got it.
Where's most of you?
You say nine or eleven is what they got you to do.
Can't get any better but I'll hold on to you.
You believe what they say like they're gone.
I know you're fooling me.
I say you're a state for the cold and true.
I'll be a lecture ball.
We got it.
Who should I get famous?
We got it.
Get them on your knees.
We got it.
Oh my God.
They're not second no more.
Some of you just sent us some bad news.
Seika died a few years ago and she blew her brains out and they had second no more.
I bet you're the nice and firm and all perk die and hard.
Why didn't know that to you?
No.
She's dead.
Seika will be damn.
We can change that poll now.
Jenna James and wins it with 88 and Tracy Lord 86.
Pretty damn tight.
Thank you Tony.
Tony's over there on 193rd and Northwest Second Avenue.
We were hollish and brought the lunch today for Josh and George.
Tony's pizza.
It's great.
They got all kinds of good stuff.
They got subs.
Pizza.
Josh was having a sub.
I'm having a video.
I don't know whether I should read the Joe Connison article.
I guess I probably should all of it.
It's ponderous and I did the Michael Morthing yesterday.
I guess out of fairness I shouldn't Joe Connison was just on CNN with the Wolf Meister.
Yeah.
A little bit different perspective.
Just to show it we're not like trying to like tilt it all to one side.
Are we?
Bush is worse.
There is simply don't fly rights Joe Connison.
He's one of the very best.
He says George W. Bush lied about his military service record.
The lie can be found in his own 99 campaign autobiography is written by
Kirin Hughes where he dramatically describes his experiences of pilot in the
Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War.
On page 34 of eight, a charge to keep Mr. Bush claims that after learning to fly the
F-102 fighter jet, it was turned down for Vietnam duty because he hadn't logged
enough flight hours to qualify for a combat assignment.
Before going on to be called the challenging moments that involve close
formation drills at night during poor weather, he adds I continued flying with my
unit for the next several years.
In light of what you're in list, none of the researchers have learned since the
publication of Mr. Bush's book his account is unmistakably fraudulent.
The issue is again relevant because Michael Moore, the author and filmmaker who supports
West Clark's presidential campaign recently impede the president as a
deserter.
During the final Democratic presidential debate in New Hampshire, moderator Peter Jennings
called Mr. Moore statement a reckless charge not supported by the facts and demanded
the general clerk reputed his celebrity backer.
As the ABC Newsman may or more likely may not know, the facts about the
president's National Guard's tin are complex disputed and in many respects
unflatter-inch.
The column of deserter was wrong and inflammatory even if Mr. Moore was joking as he now
insists.
Although Mr. Bush may well have an absolute outlead, he was never prosecuted for that
offentful little-own desertion and he eventually received an honorable discharge.
But to suggest that the Bush record is beyond criticism as Mr. Jennings did is
both misleading and biased.
That bias reflects an enduring double standard on this topic that is protected
Mr. Bush ever since he first declared his presidential candidacy.
The facts established by the Boston Globe Reporter Walter Robinson in 2000
explode the lyrical flights of fancy pent-by-missed hues.
George W. Bush graduated from Maryland, June of 1968 after his father's
influential friends contacted Texas Air National Guard officials, the awarded
young Georgia Safeworth and Houston's famed Champagne Unit, where sons of the
Texas elite avoided Vietnam.
His very special treatment included instant mission to flight training and an
extraordinary commission as the second lieutenant.
According to his former superiors, Mr. Bush performed admirably as a pilot while
patrolling the coastal waters of the U.S.
But in May of 1972, only 22 months after he completed pilot training, he stopped
flying.
In August of 1972, he failed to show up for his annual physical exam and was automatically
grounded.
According to the Times of London, a conservative newspaper owned by Rupert Murdock,
Mr. Bush's campaign spokesman said he knew that he would be suspended if he missed
that physical.
He never flew a military aircraft again or not until his flights
would photo-oplast spring when he briefly took the controls of an S3B Viking jet
before landing on the USS Abraham Lincoln.
Instead, he left his guard unit and hues then went to Alabama to work in a Republican
Senate campaign.
He claims to have continued to serve in Alabama Guard Unit, but there is no evidence
to support that assertion and much contradictory evidence.
The commanding officer of the Alabama Guard Unit told the Boston Globe that Mr. Bush never
showed up for duty there nor is there any evidence that he sought duty in Vietnam.
In fact, there is considerable evidence that Mr. Bush skipped all duty for a four-year
until April of 1973.
At that point, his two superior officers in Houston noted in writing in an official document,
Lieutenant Bush has been observed that this unit during the period of—let me say it
again—lutinous Bush has not been observed at this unit during the period of this report.
They erroneously believe that he had been completing his duty in Alabama and he somehow received an
honorable discharge eight months before he completed his six-year commitment so it could be
getting a attending Harvard Business School.
As the Globe noted, the Champaign Unit and others like it back then displayed a tendency to excuse
shirking by those with political connections.
So Mr. Bush's claim that he continued flying with my unit for the next several years is an
unabashed falsehood, a lie.
Yet the spotty coverage of his military record in the mainstream press, aside from the Globe
Investigation and similar efforts in the Dallas Morning News and the LA Times, he looted that lie.
What is that?
Compare his soft treatment with the media scourging of Bill Clinton who was held accountable during the 1992 campaign
for every word uttered about his draft record.
I think he meant it eluded.
What the Jennings episode validates is not Mr. Bush's strange military career, but the Bush method of press management.
Treat journalists like vassals with nicknames, cheekpinching, and whenever they forget their place momentarily,
sneering disdain and worse brilliantly.
How do you like that?
So it's a matter of semantics, whether you want to call him a deserter, and you know, he may disagree with Michael Moore in terms of that.
But the fact of the matter is he's a freaking liar.
And how come we're hearing about this now almost four years after he stole the 2000 election?
Why didn't we hear as he points out a lot more about it back then?
Comey, I see.
Let's take a look at the new pool.
Which of these statements do you think is most true?
Now during this hour, I think that those people who hate you like poison or that ones who think that I'm too angry,
they don't have an opportunity to express themselves, express yourself.
Don't you?
Why not?
Which of these statements do you think is most true?
Neil is too angry.
George is a hard-ass pick.
I mean, it's tough to make just one choice, but that's where we take the pool.
Too much Bush on the show, the wrong kind.
WQM has a death wish.
Greg Reed belongs on death row.
Clarence is gay.
Absolutely.
WQM needs for real back bad.
Or none of the above, the show is fine.
Well, let's see.
I'm going to vote for WQM as a death wish.
Especially when those damn promos, Clarence, you idiot.
God are you dumb.
Man.
And you know something?
This is, I guess, what he replaced the other stuff that I bitched in Howlard and they took him off the ear about.
Can you imagine if QAM weren't all sports and how boring it would be?
Talking about anything beside the dolphins and the draft and anything else that begins with a D like Davie and Danny?
Man.
Let's see.
The best male porn star, Julian Julien Rios and Jordan Rivers says he has two names, one straight and one gay.
Trying to sum up my decoding the audience.
Smart plan.
There you go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Now let's see.
Do we have any vote?
I didn't vote on here yet.
Did I?
I thought I did.
Although I thought I voted on here, but I guess I didn't because I want to see what's happening there already.
Maybe something will pop up.
Maybe something will pop up.
Oh, look at that.
None of the above.
The show is 5, 16.
WQM needs for round back, bad eight.
Too much bush on the show, the wrong kind, 5.
Ferris is gay, too.
Greg Reed belongs on death row or at the very least in the mental institution, too.
QM has a death wish, one.
George is a hard-ass, thick one and Neil is too angry, one.
So we don't pretty good so far.
Right.
But just wait.
Yeah, I know.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you going with that poll?
Go right ahead.
Lay one on us.
No one mentioned Barbara there.
No, maybe they didn't dare mention it.
She's gorgeous from the 80s.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
We'll keep it and put it out for next time.
It's untidy.
Honorable mention.
Back to you.
Yeah, she gets on the honor role.
She's ruling it.
Poor Saka, man.
She's like, dead.
I'll be dead.
And you want to know why?
Probably from doing runs here.
I mean, Al Gore.
Oh, man.
She probably started having nightmares about that.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great show.
Love the polls.
Hello?
Yeah, I'm here.
I'm listening.
Oh, okay.
I'm sucking it all in.
I got one for your poll.
It's out of the 80s.
The guy named Ben's over.
Yeah, Ben's over, huh?
I think it was Dr. Ben's over, wasn't it?
Dr. Dean.
We're not doing anymore porn stars.
Okay, the porn part of the show is over.
We're only allowed three hours of porn every day.
And especially since we all those the promos to play with all I play by play stuff.
I interrupted myself.
I was mentioning the fact that you replaced that other crap with these things now.
I'm going to show you a thing or two.
We're going to put sports on.
We're going to jam sports right up your ass.
But they like it or not.
Yes, that's right.
Sports.
Sports up the ass.
Well, just because you like it up the ass, parents doesn't mean that the audience wants to be in a day with all this sports crap.
Okay.
On and on and on.
And I guess the idea of being, and it's just like the rape theory philosophy.
And if we have 45 sports stations, that's going to create a lot more sports fans out there.
Right.
That's like saying, if we have Ukrainian melodies, if we have 20 stations that are willing to play Ukrainian melodies all day,
all of a sudden Ukrainian melodies are going to start to catch on.
Everybody at town is going to be humming and singing them and yanking them.
Ukrainian melodies, right?
And I guess that starts next week.
And you know something that would sure beat those damn promos, clearance.
Just just stop already.
Stop.
Stop trying to be clever.
Stop trying to be cute.
Stop trying to be creative because you're none of these things, man.
You're just a silly ass little modicone.
Proven it's after one.
If we're going near to a C-Duff, okay, and put your head together.
Speaking of that, last time you looked at it, maybe you thought, boy, that thing is just too small.
Doesn't impress women.
Doesn't last as long as they used to.
And don't even press you.
We're talking about your paycheck, of course.
This Todd Dreckman is a piece or what?
Call a fast train toll-free at 1-866 fast train.
It's to start that new high-paying computer career.
In just four short months, fast train can help you get a new high-paying career in a computer field.
The demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy.
So call today and get on the road to a real job, a real career, and a real big-fat paycheck.
Call fast train at 1-866 fast train.
With seven locations, fast trains bound to have a campus nearby where you live.
So it's easy to go to class.
Fast train offers you a job placement and financial assistance for people to qualify too.
And with day night and weekend classes, there's no excuse to stay in your dead end job a minute longer.
If you're registered now, you can have that new high-paying career in just four short months, February, March, April, maybe by El Cinco de Mayo.
Call fast train toll-free.
Check them out at the web first at fastrain.com and then make that call that could change your life forever.
1-866 fast train because now you two can have the big one.
Live in little.
This is SportsWiddyRefix to see you at 2 AM.
For to attract younger viewers, C-SPAN now offers a brand new reality show, Skydiving with Howard Dean.
Join Howard Dean. He jets across the United States, jumping out over some of his favorite states.
California. Texas, New York.
South Dakota.
Born.
Michigan.
And coming soon to Washington, DC.
Skydiving with Howard Dean for marrying this week on C-SPAN.
1-17 to that piece with Diane Soyer this morning on ABC.
That was, you won't see that again.
It's a kind of thing they'll show once they'll say, oh gee, well, maybe the media took this out of context.
It was a directional microphone.
You couldn't hear how loud the crowd was screaming and the fact that he was trying to outshot the crowd and get them all whipped up into a frenzy.
And all of that is right.
Now, say again, if that had been the only reason that I would have turned on him a little bit, I'd say, gee, I apologize and I feel bad.
No, no, tell people what they want to hear.
I'm not telling them what they want to hear.
I told them before that happened what I think and I'm telling you that right now.
I know.
But after having seen that, at least I'll say, gee, I mean, this was garbage.
This was crap.
They just buried the guy with that.
But the fact that it matters is he's done a lot to bury himself too and now he's got his new manager.
Raw!
And the only reason I said all that was so I could play that again.
What?
The fact that we got it.
Raw!
How often do we have somebody in Roy Niel, who is the new campaign manager for Howard Dean?
How often do we have anybody named?
Raw!
I mean, back at Cox Broadcast and we used to have Bob Niel, who was a little twerp, a little piece of crap,
who looked a little like Dennis Kacinich without the brains.
Bob Niel, we'd like to step on you, Bob.
Come back and have another meeting with all the former IOD employees.
We'll all walk up and step on your little ass, your little weasel-yoo.
And by the way, Cheryl, don't ever call me again and tell me to call up Bob Niel.
I wish him happy birthday.
They've always got these sinister little things going on behind the scenes and all these little games they want to play.
Get out of my life.
She called me when I was home and I didn't return the call.
I have no problem with Cheryl just that she bugs me.
If she comes back here, I'll have lunch with her again and I'll buy.
I'm not a cheap skate like some people I know.
By the way, how's that lunch of yours coming, George?
You still working on that?
What you talking about?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The one that Rimmer is going to buy.
Oh, no, no, no.
As soon as the math fantasy brought him his pants, like fantasy hockey.
WQAM, hello.
Niel.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I have a confession to make.
What's that?
I was the one listening to the Panthers game last night.
You were the one.
I was the one.
Well, all jokes, thank you profusely.
You know what?
I didn't read your read.
You were an excellent ex-clown.
I grew up in Pittsburgh listening to the great Mike Lang.
Right.
And Dick McDonald is no Mike Lang.
He'll get a proper answer.
But he's not that bad.
I mean, you know, he makes a sound exciting.
Yeah.
No, you're right.
He gets enthusiastic about it.
He can't say that.
But he's pretty enthusiastic.
What I wanted to let you know,
I think I've been able to have a little jokes, McDonald, too.
Old McDonald.
Not good.
That's another example of how bushly your radio station is.
Listen to the game last night.
Yeah.
And they play a spot where I think it was Austin Burke.
And it was a free Christmas spot.
Oh, nice.
Fought by your husband, a gift and Christmas music playing in the background.
And the whole nine.
It was hilarious.
Right.
And one of my things.
Now you're beginning to understand what we're up against, man.
Oh, yeah.
I know all about it.
That's why I keep telling George the last few days.
Just don't care.
Just forget about it.
Get yourself like a lobotomy like Sheridan's doing air on passions.
Get the, get the electro shock and get all that out of your mind.
And just like all the people that run that station and the people that own it.
Just, you know, just rake into money and don't give a crap about anything else.
Well, like you said, there's a sign on the wall.
Just give up the effort and money.
And there really is.
There's a sign up there.
That's what it says.
And we put it there because that's what they're all about.
I believe it.
Have a, Polly.
Hey, Neil, one other thing.
Yes, sir.
This whole thing with Howard Dean and his, you know, I have a screen speech.
Yeah.
You know, I'm sure you've seen as these silly bricks, you know, in their house of lords, whatever the hell.
In Parliament here.
Right.
And they just, you know, they just go crazy.
Yeah.
Oh, there's no question that American politics is much too polite.
I haven't seen it for years.
It's a hoot even in the Canadian parliament.
But the brits, they really go nuts.
They bang on the tables and they yell and they scream and they get up and they get.
I think that's great because if you feel strongly about something, why do you have to like kiss your, well, the honorable gentleman from Oklahoma.
Well, first of all, there aren't any honorable gentlemen Oklahoma.
Okay. So what else that all about?
It's about much a crap.
Exactly.
And Neil, one other thing.
Yes, sir.
Mike Lang has got.
Amen.
See you.
Too bad, Mike Scott, the awful team.
He's got to work with this year.
Oh, and Bob Eriott, top of it.
They took away his partner and made him a coach.
Edzo.
Poor Mike.
Good luck to you, Mike.
You'll need it with that outfit.
The penguins couldn't score an A or fixed game.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and for RISE Marles line.
How is this pulled?
No, I bet you will get a lot of response, George.
Right.
Well, they like a chance to vent.
Okay.
We like, I like to give them that chance.
Just get it out.
Like that.
What we're here for.
Like how a Dean.
Let's see.
Which of these statements do you like?
Think is the most true.
None of the above the show is fine.
47, 43.9%.
Well, thank God for that.
WQM needs for L. Back Bad.
16.
16 people out there.
He's coming back next week.
Ah.
George is a hard-ass, spick 13.
Clarence's gay 8.
Yes.
Too much bush on the show.
The wrong kind.
Seven.
No.
We just tried to make up for that with three hours.
Three hours of the other kind of bush.
I don't have a bush anymore.
Greg Reed belongs on death row six.
Well, I used to.
How much is Sakedid?
Yeah.
WQM has a death wish six.
And Neil is too angry.
Four out of 107.
That's the last place.
Too freaking angry.
Stop being angry.
Want the happy Neil?
No, you don't.
They like the angry Neil.
What's that one guy?
Oh, listen.
I just put it on there to amuse you.
It's okay to amuse him.
Do I am a couple of people?
Oh, yeah.
Everybody I talk to says well, Neil is too angry.
Yeah.
I push you know how many people that is.
One.
himself.
I.
I talked to himself a lot.
Who else would talk to him?
WQA.
I'm hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Great.
I was wondering.
Do you know if they replay the horse races on TV down here?
Like Gulf Streams?
If they replay him?
Yeah.
If they replay him on TV in the evening or anything.
Yeah, that's a good question.
I think that if you have.
This wouldn't be a replay.
It would be live.
But if you have like on direct TV or one of those.
What's the other one?
The other dish dish.
No, no, no.
How to play.
That they have.
You know, I know what you're saying.
And I don't really know.
Maybe somebody will call in and tell you.
Okay.
Thanks.
Okay.
I mean, as far as replaying horse races.
Now when you have good digital table.
They come for the top of the stretch.
It's snubbed the devil the leader.
On the outside is gold reserve in second.
Has the third from Aqua?
That's by the way.
That's not the one snubbed the devil by length and a half.
Snubbed the devil one to two is a lock pulling away from the field.
For the back topic a grill.
It snubbed the devil prevailing here.
Snubbed the devil now by four lengths.
Then that gold reserve and cluster bomb.
We're going to help Tom Durkin second the day off.
Who is this to two favorite?
There was another relative of martial casody at Aqueduct Boy.
Anyway, so there's the answer to that.
Nobody cares about racing in Florida.
Nobody cares about hockey.
Nobody cares about anything.
That's a sad part of it.
But they sure care about this poll today.
We're going to get a tremendous response.
You'll see an emotional outpouring from the zoning.
WDQA.
Hello.
He was good afternoon.
Yes sir speaking.
I listened to the morning show.
I'm not about the poll side note.
I listened to Howard and Goldie.
I let Goldie I said this before.
What about Howard and Paul Ostarkey?
Tell him what the poll show is.
How about what?
How about Howard and the porno star?
But would he gay or straight?
He could do the Oscar.
I'll tell you that.
What's about he's making fun of me.
I did get this morning about giving an award about Levitri.
Call the boner pill.
Yeah.
What's wrong with him?
Call him and ask him.
Okay.
Call up Moan and ask him right to his post.
Right to his piece.
What, which of these statements do you think is most true?
Okay.
The votes are pouring in.
I know they would.
115.
None of the above the show is fine.
51.
QM needs for all back.
Bad.
17.
George is a hard aspect.
13.
See you're stuck on 13.
You're not doing so bad.
What?
You're not passionate.
They're not fashion.
You're so bad.
You thought that we're going to rip you an ass.
I did not.
Yes, you did.
I did.
Too much push on the show.
The wrong kind.
Nine.
Clarice's gay.
Eight.
WQM has a death wish.
Seven.
Well, we knew that a long time ago.
Great read belongs on death row six, including his ex-wife.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
And Neil is too angry for.
So what were you telling me this morning, speaking of that?
Oh, I was saying it about WQM.
Hello.
I'll go Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, for that other gentleman, Sunshine Network has replayed the races.
At what time?
In the evening time.
I don't remember exactly when.
I think somewhere between seven and ten at night.
Excellent.
Thanks a lot, pal.
See you.
You asked when we got it for you, man.
We had the third race from aqueduct right here live in the stretch run.
Action number nine.
Load of lilix.
Yeah, we got a load of oil.
Okay, honey.
Get out of here.
Twenty six after one at five sixty WQM.
What is this thing that you just, uh, uh, syllabication?
What is that supposed to mean?
Oh, you lied.
You lied.
There is such a word.
I never see Joe Connison is doing the Margaret Dare.
A doubt thing now.
Put him words in there because he knows I'm going to read his column on here.
And I can't the marine.
Did you ever hear that?
No.
He lied, which means to omit or slur.
So in other words, they slurred over it.
They did.
They just looked the other way, which makes sense.
Twenty seven after one speaking, erasing and all those things.
Let's talk about pomp and a park right now because they got the action located just to have them out from both I-95 in the Florida turn five.
Pomp and a park is easy to get to.
And best of all, pomp and a park features free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the Polk Room over every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, like tonight, Friday and Saturday.
Polk restarted noon goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly.
705 PM.
Watch out for a Hollis and Billy Reeger, man.
They'll kill you.
Every Monday night at the track is a two for twenty five dollar dinner special in top of the park restaurant.
And also look out for Elmer Conrad.
Every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft beer.
So does hot dogs and lots more.
And every Thursday is ladies night with two for one during specials.
And every night in the fourth floor players room, there's a seven ninety five plated dinner specials.
And come up this coming Monday market down now.
Don't miss it.
This Monday, February the tooth is the next free spaghetti dinner.
You won't want to miss that at Pomp and a park free.
What are you chocolate again?
No, I'm marking it down.
No, market down free spaghetti.
But not for you.
You're not old enough.
And then next Friday, February the sixth of week from tomorrow, Pomp and a park will be celebrating its 40th anniversary with a special night.
Lots of big stuff going on live music, giveaways, free prize drawings, family, fun night.
Ricky Tiki Shaw is going to be their MC and T Card display and lots more stuff going on.
Pomp and a park for formal casting is also open every day and night seven days and nights a week with the best in harness,
Thurbera Highlight action from all across North America.
Free to watch and wade your own avoid Walter or a case at all cost.
Pomp and a park a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
For the current race schedule, go online at Pomp and a park dot com or give them a call at nine five four nine seven two two thousand.
Don't forget post time tonight seven oh five at Pomp and a park.
Live in local sports radio five sixty two and you a m.
He's mad.
James Brown is agent double soul in license to chill James Brown faces his greatest missus yet.
The South Carolina Correctional Society.
Watch the godfather of soul sized to be authorities with his good foot dance.
The South Carolina Max no security pin is no match for James Brown's sex machine.
You'll be shaken not stirred by James Brown agent double soul in license to chill.
And pick up these classics in a video store near you James Brown in doctor.
Yo and soul finger.
He's got problems again poor James Brown. That's why I played that.
Yeah, soul singer James Brown was arrested yesterday and domestic violence charges authority said I can't believe it.
Can you? Yes. Brown 70 was booked into the county jail and was to appear to bond hearing.
Now where the hell was this this was in the South Carolina somewhere doesn't even bother seeing where.
He served a two and a half year prison term after 1988 arrest on drug and assault charges with convicted of a drug related offense in 1998 granted a pardon by the state in May known as the godfather of soul.
Brown was honored last month at the Kennedy Center is one of the most influential musicians over the past 50 years.
He's turned more people on that white powder than any other musician going except maybe what's his name are clapped.
Oh and Kurt Cobain.
Washington superstar comment we had Eric informs me with regret that it's a subscription only thing and will not be on our website.
Oh well got it got it. That's one of those things we can't be perfect. We can't do it all five six seven oh five sixty.
I guess what Joe Conison was trying to say is that the media didn't have to single anybody out.
They glossed over kind of like what Clarence does with his lips.
They glossed over Bush's grotesque and embarrassing lack of military record his is a his a wall status is what he was saying they glossed it over like Clarence does to his lips.
What are you laughing about? Don't you know that he was a gloss?
Stop. You're most certainly. She was a boss.
See if this is really going to be a sports station I think in this new year even though it's the end of January already.
It's not too late make another resolution station needs to push up a little bit this year too many.
Uh, Monicon is running around. That's right. Too bad.
Too freaking bad we got too many of fruit loops running around.
Put it up a little bit. Okay Clarence and stop playing those stupid old Chris moron dropping.
Oh my god clips from games that have been forgotten by even the people that played them.
WQM. Hello. Yeah.
Now you're sir about putting that too much stupid sport.
How about your pardon? Too much stupid sport talk in that in that folder you take it now.
I see. And when you when you talk. Is there any other kind?
No. Well, you're right on that when you to tell the story about the well that exploded right.
I close my eyes and I visualize. Roch Limbo with all of those pills that he's popping.
Uh-huh. Floating on how would I see that when the pizza. You know, you'll be aware of a deal now.
He just said that he's listening. I had a dip to him.
Uh-huh. Did you just say that? Yeah. I'll be damned. Well anyway, I had a candidate.
I had a candidate for the other part. So how much of a wrestling ball pezzed? Yeah.
Would you let me tell you my candidate for the poor.
Good. You don't know her.
Well, George because she's a Spanish.
Start very good in little Havana and South America.
The last movie that she made was called La Gorda Ila Pinkita.
Oh, geez. Great. Okay. Okay.
I still away. Go. I love it. I asked the K. Your meat is so kick it out here with your filth.
Okay.
We forgot.
I'm going to be so gutter.
So gutter. Well, man, she just disgusting. He makes me nauseous, but she's dead.
Oh, don't start again with saying that. Just when you were starting to make some inroads again with that spit community.
And now you pick it on. See you again. Too bad. Too bad. We can't stand it. Whatever was. I want to say her five six seven.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Everyone knows when he does this.
Everyone knows where we're going.
Do you believe in somebody protected him?
What are you talking about?
uh...
calm by movie uh...
part is running around raping women as well
like little cartoons about little back guys run around in the slay for me and all that
and i just lost that i'm once you did that i think i think you're right i think he lost you i think you're absolutely right
i think i think i'm the best i'm a democratic party they got a lot of great ideas and a lot of good thing but then you get
these friends lunatics
like uh... pita and all the things like that and and that's what we'll wait a minute
is pita part of the democratic party
now but i think it's part of the idea of the mic and all running for president
i can tell you how many people in pita are republican
none they're all three democrats
how do you know that if you don't interview their all-democratic
and you know they are
no i don't think any of them have time for that they don't have time for politics
the two busy saving squirrels
i think that's what people are in the democratic party though is that they think they've got
i think that most people or most
middle swing voters think that the democratic party is just
a bunch of closet liberal and and they don't identify with them
sir sir the the way you throw cliches around is so pathetic and i feel sorry for you
closet liberals guess what i'm out of the closet john carry's out of the closet
teneties out of the closet we're all coming back out of the closet i think i'm wrong
i think they're waiting okay i think i'm one of them
president in the history of your country or at least in my country the greatest
president was franklin rosemore you can't get more liberal than him
john kennedy was a massachusetts liberal okay
so quick try to play these stupid silly-ass games
man oh man why did i let him go on yeah your sarcasm would say
although i think the part about shfarts is with guns i think they got a point
rapin are women right damn rapist shfarts are god this this guy on so typical one of yours again
not all yours democratic party you know you're gonna see pal and in addition to which let me say it
again a half a million more people voted for al gore who is a weak need candidate
running with an orthodox drew running made half a million people voted for him then the bush
meister okay so all of this business about well most of the country yet take a look at the part
of the country that thinks that democratic party is too liberal all right take a look at that map
again take a look at them y'all who state now if you're one then julian rednext and like we said
before you know crackers and cubans spicks and hicks or spicks and hicks if you're in that category
well more power to you okay bring over the moonshine
you
all right
you may see then watch the tv with the finger up their butt whoa white club can know
why club can know what christian super fun
be vital in the corner while fondling their nuts whoa why club can know why club can know
what christian super fun
post a white case from the fascinot
it's failing back to the macaroni and cheese
but all in the picture just in case they reproduce
that's just about all they're allowed to do
yeah
why club can know why club can know why club can know
why club can know why club can know
do they get a swollen blood while feeding out their gun
why club can know why club can know what christian super fun
Through the college of the fish, my family of the truck,
Whoa, why lookin' oh, why lookin' oh,
What Christians do per fun?
Sweet and standing eatin' sit back down again and chew.
And watch it all down with the twelve-hour crew.
They're the life of order, up to heaven, you go.
Got only smiles of fun, falling at home.
I left him no, why lookin' oh, why lookin' oh,
Hey, I left him no, why lookin' oh, why lookin' oh,
And you know, that awful positive liberal John Kerry,
speaking of guns, you know.
He's an advent hunter and a gun owner,
but he said he never saw anybody hunting gear with an AK-47.
Good point, John. He hasn't gotten around.
I see.
Sweds have more and more animal sex.
A bigger pardon?
Animal sex is not illegal and sweet,
and then every year between 200 and 300 pets are rigid
because of sexual assaults.
The estimate was presented by the Swedish veterinary organization
and it's now trying to make the authorities
and the public more aware of the animal suffering.
That must be those liberal people, people of PD people.
The organization claimed the problem was increased during the last couple of years,
even if most people are unaware of it.
We've seen an increase since 1999 when child pornography became illegal,
said, your hand, Beck Freese.
It appears in other words, there are some people who have replaced children with animals,
in both circumstances it sex with defenseless individuals.
The injuries inflicted on animals after sexual assaults
are of the same characters those children get.
Beck Freese said the most common injuries are wounds on these sex organs and blisters.
The fact that animal sex is becoming an increasing nose,
that on the animal or the inflictor on the sister.
The fact that animal we're not playing Bobby Brown.
The fact that animal sex is becoming an increasing problem can be indicated by the mere fact
that there's an increasing selection of animal porn at video rentals
and there's an increasing number of websites with animal pornography is surfacing.
Ready for that?
No?
Don't you remember that movie, a Bambi Come Home?
No one knows for sure how many animals that are abused,
but a British study from 2001 indicates that every 20th dog or cat
that receives treatment at veterinary is the injuries are not a result of direct accident,
but the animals been inflicted the injuries result of a sexual assault.
Jesus!
According to the Swedish paper Expressin,
if the same estimate can be used in Sweden,
it would indicate 200 to 300 dogs and cats every year,
our injured is the result of sexual assaults.
In contrast with most other countries, animal sex is not illegal in Sweden.
It was decolonized in 1944,
connection with the decriminalization of homosexual sex.
Oh great, thank you so much for lumping that all together.
Nice going.
Oh, it's cold and sweet.
It's all those DB-macts that the Lord has made to piss off of that.
Yeah, good.
You saw the mic.
Jesus Christ.
5,6,7,0,5,60,
on the AT&T.
Look at this lagging response on the phone here now, man.
I thought they would seize this opportunity.
They just don't care.
It's okay.
WQM, our last call.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
All right.
I catch it sometimes at Peron Road.
I live up here on the month on 27.
But I had been meaning to call you the last couple of weeks,
but haven't been able to get through the days my only free day.
When you get some movies,
did you ever hear one call Pacific Heights?
I heard of it.
Didn't see it.
You got to see that I recommended because I'm a landlord.
Oh, no, I didn't see that one.
I saw it.
Isn't that the one about the movie?
Tenant from Hell.
Right.
Absolutely.
I did see that.
Great.
It was a damn good movie.
So it's twice as a matter of fact.
Right.
I've had a few tens just like that.
Let me pay this.
It's back.
One of the best.
Thanks a lot, pal.
I'm glad you reminded me.
Thanks a lot, man.
Have a great day.
Did you ever see that Pacific Heights?
Yes, I did.
That is fabulous.
It was good.
192 votes this hour and it's the second poll.
Now that we put our Pornow people back to sleep,
what do these statements do you think is most true?
None of the above.
The show is fine.
81.
Everything is just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
You go, Dan.
WQM needs Fureldback.
Bad.
32.16%
I think we need Fureldback.
A little spice.
George is a hard-ass pick.
26.13.5%.
You're moving up a little bit.
What's up?
We're talking about you.
Although Clarence's gay is moving nicely with 15,
WQM has a death wish, 10.
We should have probably put one under the people
that work at QM have a death wish.
We should have put that on there.
Especially the people that have to be in the building.
Well, he got a sick building there, Greg.
Sick building.
It's sick.
Sick.
We don't have a choice, you know.
WQM has got a death wish, 10.
Greg reads the lungs on death road 10.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
Two months of work.
The policy isorial, that is designed to prevent
those and would mean to produce and purchase
network advertising,
from having undue influence,
from the network's perspective,
we believe, our viewers are better served by the
balance and perspective such issues can be
afforded within our news programming.
This policy applies only to network advertising,
not the local time of individual stations
affiliated with the network. As such, it is therefore also intended to promote and protect
localism. Local stations of the UN, as well as CBS affiliates on by others, are free to accept
or reject such advocacy advertising for their own air based on how they believe such this is
ensured, the public interest in their communities. Conflicts over the policy are also decades old.
The network has rejected hundreds of advocates, zeyans over the years ranging from mobile oil
and WR Grace Company submissions to add on all sides of issues from gun control to abortion
and to the North American free trade agreement to name just a few. We found that people tend to
agree with the policy when they disagree with the thrust of the advice first. Suggestions also have
been made that were violating our own policy by allowing the airing of messages that aim to curb
drug abuse and smoking by minors. CBS is on and out here comes the best part. CBS is unaware of
responsible groups that advocate drug abuse and smoking by minors, so it's hard to understand how
these lot of efforts would constitute controversial issues. There's absolutely nothing controversial
about drugs. No, right? I advocate smoking drugs by minors. There you go. In recent years,
the cottage industry is a reason among groups that have been advocacy as they know will be rejected.
They then resort to press releases and internet drive about the rejection to read considerable
free media attention and financial contributions to support their cause, editors and potential
contributors beware. The one constant is that CBS's policy is simple, clear, published and available
to anyone who asks a copy department they got they write out the policy. Full of crap,
full of baloney, everybody knows that CBS and Viacom, the sucking the Bushmeisters legs,
his kneecaps and they're working on it from there. That's what's happened to the media. I have no
more choice. You have a handful of gray robbers and anybody who dares to challenge him, well, they're
just about your radicals on the internet. Now the new thing is because they know they have no
credibility just like the color. Everybody gets something with the Pita. The Pita people.
Right. The Pita people. They've gotten that on the fill-in shows. They can't answer anything
that you say so they'll throw some extreme- oh, you believe in those rioters. You're one of those
rioters, those Nazia. The Pita people. I think the Pita people are made from bokeh burgers.
My life and local. This is 4205 City.
Look my bokeh.
No. There's absolutely.
No.
I said, you're man.
Once it date your own sense. I said, you're man. Here's what you must do next.
If you want to practice your faith, you're man. There's a place you can chill. I said, you're man.
If you're a $3 bill, you can't pray there. And then you may convert. They won't treat you like a
pervert. It's fun to pray at the appaiz. No, culture. It's fun to pray at the appaiz.
School, culture. Yeah. The new fish is not straight. And there is no doubt.
He's 100% out. It's fun to pray at the appaiz. No, culture. It's fun to pray at the appaiz.
School, culture. Yeah. All right. They do not persecute. You can worship in peace.
You can marry a girl named Steve. Appaiz, no, culture. It's fun to stay at the appaiz.
School, culture. Yeah. You're man. You're man. We will let you run in. You're man. We see
shows. I'm not here. 158 and 560 WQM. I think what we ought to do on our website. Since you're
emailing Eric, you have a little window there. Chatting. Chat box. Your little chat box.
Stick in your box. This suggestion that we get rid of that. What was it? And Tigger. That's
been under long enough. It was very cute. It was sensational. But we get,
since we're going to be doing a hot couples contest very soon again. One of the stories.
It can go on the back pages. Yeah. But we can take that thing off of there and like place the
pictures of the winners from last years, the two couples. Amy and Aaron. Right. And the other one,
whoever won the second one. Which thing? That's a great idea. Yes. Kind of like a, you know,
a subtle reminder is a not so gentle mind to get your little brownie cameras out of your digital
cameras. Whatever you got. And start flashing. I'm going to tell you on the pictures too.
You know, those naked celebrities you want. Yeah. I'll look for the naked females, but Josh
has to look for the naked guys. He can handle it. He's not worried about his sexual identity.
He's just worried about getting laid. What do you laugh at? Oh, he hates me now. Why is that?
So much for our parents. Actually, parents can do it. Well, here's a quick thanks from Pecker Wood.
It says I wanted to, I wanted to chime in on for real. He was at the Panthers game,
here's one guy that threw his life down the drain. He looked like he didn't shave since he got fired,
drunken by himself. You guys are still talking about for real. He sucks. And now he's a nobody. It says
great job and balls for the beastly. Let's Greg again. That's Greg and a beastly's man. It could
screw up a what dream. Anyway, which of these statements do you think is most true? None of the above
the show is fine. 95. QMN needs for real back. Bad 36. George is a half ass to hard ass.
31. Clarence's gay 16. You know that. QM has a death wish 14. Too much bush on the show.
The wrong kind 14. Greg Reed belongs on death row 12. Neil is too angry. Nine. And a mad dog who's
angry that Moe is after Tom Brady's ass is coming up next. Bye bye. Bye. Yeah.
Howard from Boca. Court a lot of balls.
