I believe you
これで
Erier
My
Just
The world is far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far,
far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, farf far, far, far, far, far far, far, far far, far far, far. far far away, far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far farrium far far far far far from far far far far far far far far far far, far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far is far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far far
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down
down, down down, down, down, down the down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down down, down, down, down, down, down down, down up, down, down down down, down, down down down, down down, down, down down, down down, down, down, down, down down, down, down, down to joyful, happy birthday to your waveform, happy birthday to you, happy together, happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy happy birthday to you, a happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear friends, happy birthday to you, a happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear friends, happy time with you, remember you get married, happy birthday we're happy was it?
kind of burns. Anyway, we got the Amarlem pregame now just because it's been raining like
California West Palm. I checked out my radar. See now that we had all this hurricane
crap, now we're all experts at checking the radar. You check out the old loop de loop.
You got a bootload as on TV. Yeah, that's for damn sure. And now the rumor has it that
they were trying to bring back Jean. I mean we do have this band of rainers going around
with it'll be over by ballgame time. They've got to get both these games into the big
gigantic double header with a cub starting at 12.30. That's the pregame at 12.30. So if
you're up in Palm Beach County and you've been rained on and think, oh they're not going
to play those games. Guess what? Given your card or the stadium, trust me when I tell
you those games will be played. If we have to bet Greg reads life on it, those games
will be played. If we have to hang in from the flagpole, those games will be played,
right? Flagpole? Because we got big fish to fry at 12.30. Like getting the hell out
of here. 10.42 at 5.60 QAM.
We're going to have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We'll have a lot of fun.
I'm making Dauphans.
I'm having Dauphans.
I'm having Dauphans.
I'm having Dauphans.
I'm having associations.
I'M H'sh I'm having Dauphans.
I'm having Dauphans.
I'm having� dauphans.
I hear the crowd Television.
I hear the crowd entering....
가장 flu time....
Gwen cellular break up.
Gwen cellular break up.
the facts that you run down the field and he will fall off past over you.
Oh, I don't ever win a super bowl.
You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that does it mean that he was certain
size.
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin's number.
How many jeans in the week?
I am a chair.
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin.
He calls his signals and he hears.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush, he being pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff racer with fewer points than
five marks on high zingers of leapfaces.
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin's number.
Oh, what the hell?
32.
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin's number.
Now they're through.
I'm dying on the head.
Absolutely.
Thank you for letting us fly 60 W.C. and Happy Monday to your cups in the Amarlands
of P.P. Park.
They will play.
Trust me when I tell you or else.
Guess who died?
And you told me about it already.
So I guess you know, Skeeter Davis.
Oh yeah.
Skeeter Davis.
She died.
The end of the world.
Further?
No, that's bad.
Anyway, she is the top of the pop charts with the end of the world in 1963.
Stay on the Grand Ole Opry radio show for more than 40 years.
God of Cancer, yesterday she was 72.
God of a Nashville hospice.
She been diagnosed with breast cancer in 1988.
Had a resident recurrence in 1996.
She was nicknamed Skeeter by her grandpa who said she was so active, she buzzed around
like a mosquito.
Had toured with Elvis Presley in the Rolling Stones.
If you can remember, go around the Opry radio show in 1959.
Continued performance late is this year.
In 1973, she was suspended from the Opry for more than a year from protesting the arrest
of Jesus Freaks in Nashville.
Besides the end of the world, her hits included, I'm saving my love and I can't stay mad at you.
She was born Mary Francis Tennick.
And she took the name Skeeter Davis in the 50s when she became half of the Davis sisters duet.
She began a solo career after her duet partner Betty Jack Davis was killed in the 53 car wreck.
Skeeter was scraped for Asian to Samarit.
She had a rough fall rough time with her.
You know what I guess?
But now she's at rest, she's at peace.
Right, she's at a better place.
Here's the upholers all from over the weekend.
I changed the pool on you and they actually would have changed it a lot sooner,
but Eric was out galloping around all day.
Don't do it again, Eric.
Do it again?
Is that what you just said?
Don't do it again.
Oh no, we don't have time.
We don't have time to screw us again or do anything because we got a real short show.
1717 votes.
This was has a 1045 last night when I gave up one to bet because I realized that Eric wasn't going to change the pool,
which he did at about three o'clock in the morning, but nevertheless we got a lot of votes on her already.
I'm the new one.
What is the most overrated rock group of all time we asked on Friday?
The grateful debt, three hundred and one.
Kiss.
As in, kiss it, one hundred eighty nine.
Nirvana, one hundred thirty four and you're not too happy about that, but they're right.
Oh whatever.
You two hundred twenty two, we can all be proud of that because they suck.
The Beatles one fourteen, that is downright unacceptable.
Creed one ten, Dave Matthews band ninety eight, fish seventy two, the Taukis seventy one,
lost in sixty seven, or you talk about syrup.
Huey Lewis and the Nudes sixty one, Erosmith sixty, that's, I just, I just want to pee my pants when I see that.
That's the other acceptable.
Anybody that would say that Erosmith is overrated?
Pro Jan fifty one, Led Zeppelin forty six, Ben Hale and forty four, Pink Floyd forty,
Erosmith thirty five, the Eagles had thirteen man, Stevie Dan had thirty man, and Stevie,
to say that the Eagles are on a par with the Stevie Dan as unbelievable.
Right, track it, critical.
In other words, if the Eagles had thirty, then Stevie Dan should have had like three thousand.
Chicago only twenty two and six had only twenty, so that's kind of interesting.
Chicago coming almost last place, which pleases us no end after that.
Chicago stuff on Friday.
Let's do it again.
Let's, let's, let's say we'll do it again for some more.
Okay, just relax.
Well, we don't have time.
You're forcing me to rush here, man.
A rush.
The way you rush.
Good Canadian boys.
Anyway, here's the facts from Simone who says,
what have we got from nine to eleven in the morning on WQA?
I'm a ponderous embarrassing juvenile, Paula Krat.
When do you come on?
Well, I guess the answer to that is Simone, whatever.
And then she says, he says, whenever.
This is a no less up-up with your materialist,
far and away more interesting.
I found Joe Rosingan, I thought I'm a sports person.
At least he can communicate on the adult level.
The inmates are running the asylum.
Good luck to us, Simone.
Well, she went this morning at about ten forty in the show-ins at twelve thirty,
so we got a little bit less than two hours.
That's not too bad.
That's not, oh god.
I'm getting choked up about it, so here's the new poll.
We're not there at about two fifty two in the morning this morning.
Which of these applies to you?
And I'm not going to take, you know, a Howard Stern poll every day.
We've done several of these, but just to try to get a little feel of what's happening out there,
get a little feel of it.
Yes, the choice if I can say that.
I know I can't do it back and say it.
542 votes, and look at that.
We got nine new listeners already.
All right.
Which of these applies to you?
I listen to Neil, but not this turn,
373, that's 68.8%.
You see that?
I see it.
Man.
I've always listened to both Stern and Neil, 142.
See, the reason I'm referring to him by last name is not like a different sound.
It's just if I say Howard, it could be like...
Absolutely.
...mo Howard.
We got too many Howard's around.
You know, it could be Ronnie Howard.
Mo Howard's bigoted.
Howard the Duck.
Right, here's...
I've listened to Neil, I've listened to Stern, 373.
I've always listened to Stern and Neil, 142.
I listen to Stern on another station, 18,
who want to actually hear the show, and I hear all the adumps and the briefs and the baboops and that.
All the dead in there.
18.
And I'm a Stern, a Stern, a new listener, and Neil, we got...
This is Stagrin, boys and girls.
Yeah, I have nine.
I mess with any promotion for the Stern show whatsoever, right?
Or the new lineup?
Well, we don't know what the lineup is, so we can't promote it.
Great.
The bad news is, I don't see the hump around this schedule this week.
We thought for sure that Greg Reed would come to his senses
that the Marlin organization would kind of like relax in the east back a little bit.
I don't know what's going on there because nobody tells us from nothing.
And there's not even any point asking clearance enough anymore,
because even if they do know something, they lie like champions because they're sworn to secrecy.
And they're both a couple of real panties who are like, you know,
quaking in their boots, who are, you know, in their quaker oats.
Like what's your name? Barbara Bush.
There's Kerry.
In a legitimate struggle against terrorists.
There he is. He's a legitimate.
What are we going to do with him, huh?
I don't know.
Are we going to do the week now?
He seems to be a little more animated this morning.
He seems to be saying some of the right things.
It's may hopefully not too late.
You realize it's only 43 days?
Yeah.
Six weeks from tomorrow is the presidential election.
Oh my God.
Wow. That's all I can say.
And I sure hope that they don't screw us again.
That's what I'm thinking.
10.56.
Like I said, have no fear.
The rain is subsiding.
I'm checking that radar.
Everything is going to be just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Why would that stadium end up have a great time?
Because of the blackness, it's exclusively.
I'm just curious.
Do drugs back here tonight?
We are a country awakened to danger.
In cold to the same freedom.
In cold to the same freedom.
I have never seen a solution.
Oh, I know.
Then with that finely towel.
Why is it a serious solution?
Progressive conduct.
All of them that they need to work.
Don't let it know.
The thinking of a world.
Causing downed love in anymore.
This nation is opposed to war.
Everybody let me in.
Why?
To the first.
There it'll take a roading.
A roading.
A roading.
A roading.
A roading.
A road.
I don't say no.
It's the end of a world.
A town.
It is when I lost your love.
It's on the road.
I wake up in the morning.
And I wonder.
You mean I'm afraid.
Why everything is the same.
That it was.
Hello.
I'm a story.
I can't understand.
But no I can't understand.
And I don't know where it is.
I hope to myself as well when I'm here.
No.
Why does my heart go on beyond?
It's the end of a world.
What's the end of this world?
Oh.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
How is it?
What's wrong?
I'm sorry.
It's 11.03 at 12.30.
11.03 at 5.60 WDQA.
And Black said, a pressure pack show again today.
Man, we're going to jam.
We're going to cram it.
We're crammed about 800 hours worth of material
in like an hour and 40.
What is it?
How long are we on today?
An hour and about 30.
No, hour and 40 minutes.
Something like an hour and 50.
Whatever it is.
It's certainly more than enough.
You don't like this story.
Before I got the story of the century,
the very important one I'm going to read.
It's going to take time.
Go calls today by the way.
I'll waste your time calling.
I'm going to have a bigger fish to fry.
OK.
Well, what about milkshakes before the fish?
OK.
Lakeland, you like this story.
Two brothers serving in the military.
And the third man exploded a small bomb inside of McDonald's
because they were angry over a bad milkshake they'd
received official said.
No one was hurt damage to the restaurant was minor.
Pedro Garza 19, Joshua Hackie 19, and Nathaniel Hackie 21,
were arrested Saturday.
I'm telling you, charges of making this charging
of destructive device.
The order Hackie is in the armament as brothers in the
Coast Guard be Polk County Sheriff's Office in.
What if they're keen to like poke saline?
You think?
Polk Adagno.
One of the guys said they got a bad milkshake and they played
a prank on them.
Sheriff's Major Sammy Taylor said,
investigate a man next to a bull cleaner and aluminum
for the plastic soda bottle.
Uh oh, they said they sat at a table right evening.
They're the McDonald's restrooms.
They're the tea rooms.
They then kept the bottle, put it on the table and left
before it exploded 10, 45, Friday,
PM.
A customer sitting 10 feet away wasn't it wasn't
hit by the splashing chemicals.
The toilet bowl cleaner has an acid base Taylor said it can
burn your skin and put your eyes on the few identify
from a surveillance video investigator said Maria Bay and
the Hackies older sister said they didn't think about the
consequences of their action and now we grit them so bad.
It's a stupid prank and they weren't thinking she said I've
had calls from them already and they said they wish they could
turn back the hands of time.
I've actually said,
but these probably think of the same thing or at least he was
tried them in the deep fat prior probably a skewer Davis was
thinking that too as she took her last breath.
I wish it could turn back the hands of time, but it's the
end of the world for me.
Bay and said her brothers are two good kids who've never
been in trouble with the law.
Nathan said he's ready to face what's coming to him.
She said maybe they'll be made examples and people will
do this thing.
I know the punishment make him eat at the McDonald's man.
No.
That's a punishment worse than a favor than death.
I make death now.
No.
Here is the story.
This is the definitive story about the kind of practice
going on in America.
Blogger who folded CBS documents happens to be just a
coincidence and activist with a far right EOP ties.
Jay rights Peter lost in the LA Times.
It was the first public delegation on the CBS News youth
forage members in its report.
Questioning President Bush's National Guard Service a highly
technical explanation posted within hours of airtime
setting proportional spacing and font styles.
But it didn't come from an escort and typography or
temperate or history of some first thought.
Instead it was the work of Harry W. McDougald and Atlanta
lawyer with strong ties to conservative Republican causes
who helped graft the petition urging the Arkansas Supreme
Court to disbar President Clinton after the Monica
Winsky scandal of Times is found.
The identity of Buckhead, a blogger known previously
only by his screen name on the site free republic dot com.
And lifted the folk hero status in a conservative blog
with Spirits since last week's posting is likely to fuel
speculation among Democrats that the efforts to discredit
the CBS demos were engineered by Republicans eager to
lunder by reports that Bush received preferential
Clinton in the National Guard more than about 30 years ago.
Republican officials have denied any involvement among
those who have bunking the CBS story reached by a telephone
over the weekend McDougald 46 and firm that he is Buckhead
but declined to answer any questions about his political background
or how he knew so much about the CBS documents so fast.
You can ask the questions but I'm not going to answer
them he told the LA Times.
I'm just going to stick to doing no interviews until the
Times identified him by piecing the other information from his
postings over the past two years.
McDougald had taken pains to remain in the shadows in those
dark shadows saying the credit for challenging CBS should
remain with a blogger.
Here is a whole and not one individual.
Let's hold a W.
Thank you.
Free papers collectively possess more analytical horse power
than the entire division of CBS he wrote in the email using
a free press that I say paper is free press excuse me using the
slanting of notches term for users of that obnoxious right wing
free republic site.
Geekers creepers here go the creepers again.
McDougald is a lawyer in the Atlanta office of the Winston
Taylor North Carolina based firm Womble Carlyle Sandridge and
Rice.
I wonder if that's kind of condolese and is affiliated with two
prominent conservative legal groups the federalist society and
the South Eastern legal foundation where he serves on legal
advisory board has been involved in several high profile cases.
Founded in 1976 the soft eastern legal foundation advocates
limited government individual economic freedom and the free
enterprise system according to which website the foundation is
fought affirmative action and domestic part of benefits for
government employees and successfully challenged a foot
administration plan to use proportional sampling rather than a
hard count to estimate the population in the 2000 census.
McDougald helped graph the foundation's petition in 1998
the liberty five years suspension of Clinton's Arkansas law
license for getting misleading testimony in the fall of Jones
sexual harassment case obviously a very unbiased blogger out
there.
We just happens to be right wing fanatic on free republic dot com
speaks for itself don't it?
Yes.
How's that cloud that pull coming that cloud?
618 votes already.
How's John Kerry doing?
He sounds pretty good this morning.
Tell him the racks or resources.
There you go.
But I don't have time to see a lot of his but it looks like he's
finally getting his voice a little bit and who knows?
This is his typical way of campaigning.
Why he just kind of like you know stumbles around stumbles
around direct that all of a sudden when you least expect it.
Yeah he comes to life in the last year we were in the
media and that's right.
He gets the old fuck up as I start crawling around anyway.
Which of these applies to you?
618 vote I listen to you'll not to stir in 420 67.9%
rounded off he got 68% Oh, I'm always listening to
Stuart and you 163 26.3% I listen to Stuart on another
station 21 3.3% 21 now why would anybody want to listen to
like the whole unexperienced Howard Stern show but they can
hear all the nifty bleep that does put in their IQ and right.
It's the Coddies.
Not to mention the great A and 2 more people.
Also I'm a stern listener and a new listener meal 14.
Oh, how low you there?
What?
I said see there.
Yeah, I see there.
1.2% we got some new listeners out there and that's
without any billboards any TV spots any real promotion for
the fact that we got Howard Stern on the air and like I said,
it's kind of hard to promote you new lineup when you don't have a new line up yet.
When everybody's just kind of bending over waiting to get it from Greg next.
Who's going to be next?
You know, we had the worst team.
I was thinking about this in the shower this morning.
Be sure how my mind is all messed up by that place.
First we had the whole worst team.
Joe Rose comes to Greg and gives him an advanced notice.
Is I'm leaving?
I'm going to channel six full time.
But you know, nice guy gives him a plenty of notice.
You can't quit your fire did it.
All of you all you on the first team are all fired.
But don't leave until I'm ready to put something else on.
So Joe Rose got screwed over not once but then again this last time.
Twice he got screwed.
But he still comes out some all like a rose.
Oh God, I love these short shows man.
I'm a co-editor.
I said on the Friday.
I love these short shows real short.
10 minutes is good.
And anyway, and of course we had a guilty who stuck around for a while.
But now he's.
And of course he's waiting to do the Panther games now.
We got a long way, Geldi.
I'll tell you right now man.
You got a long way.
Don't send the Panthers you money please unless you just want to let them hold it for a while.
I grab hold your pin before we let them hold your cash.
And let's see who else we got the Humper of course who's getting just oh man.
There's a couple of things we've seen that we've got any idea what's going on with the Humper.
We've like an indefinite permanent suspended animation with pay.
Who might leave it out?
I went of course to Joe and Mark your close personal friends right and then of course the little George right there.
You were about ready to get in because the Moga all upset about those memos and then the Greg go out.
I decided to get your drug because he lied and I can't have anybody working to rely.
Oh my God great.
Then you better fire yourself looking at me and fire yourself because when it comes to lying man.
We got the one guy who says I'm dying over here.
This is I'm lying over here.
That's his motto.
So is this a question of it's not a question of if it's just a question of when's it.
Everybody been over get the old K.Y.
And you're ready for Greg the old foot.
Greased up.
Yeah, at least a decent good mood to grease it up first.
From it has passed 11 as 560 WQM a short show today.
Marlins on deck at 12 30.
Marlins of the Cubs.
These are the two biggest games in the year.
You've been able to agree with that.
Are you going you got tickets not going.
Why not?
I got a like work.
You took all the good tickets.
Yeah, but not for me.
Oh, I see.
So somebody's going with those tickets anyway.
It's scouting good.
Anyway, 105 is getting number one starting and over like I said about a few showers.
Few golden showers.
No problem.
You got her.
Who in hotline eight o'clock tonight?
Any K at 10.
I don't want to rub it in about the dolphins.
Those are the girls.
They're a little girl.
That's just a girls team, but a little girls team last night.
They make this romantic comeback there at the end of the game and you think it okay.
Now we're going to overtime.
Now they finally got the offense going old.
They take a touchy feeling.
We got the olinda mod.
A who had to kick the kick twice there because of the clever time off.
It's a but nevertheless, real right through there to tie the game and you think it okay.
No problem.
People also embarrassment and the play was wrote test and horrendous.
And the offensive line was as offensive as it gets.
And guess what?
Here comes the bangles who look more like the bangles and they come marching right down the field.
Kick the 40.
What was it?
40.
No, wasn't 38 39.
Right.
39 I believe.
That's what I just said.
39 year of field goal and by the bang everybody go home game tour.
You lose to a little girls team 11 13 at 5 60.
WN.
There's only one place to even think about when it comes to fit up your feet with some great shoes for main end women.
And it's Brandy's and pompadabee.
So they've been around forever at Brandy's.
You get the best service there.
Unbeatable prices that they famous for and all the top names in the shoe binners like rock ports.
Floreshine S.A.S.
Spirit Timberland naturalizer and all your best to and with Brandy's humongous selection.
Chances are in fact you could bet great clearance and dust lies all three of monot and whatever style you're looking for
It's in stock on a shelf.
Red is stock on your foot right now.
Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday 9 till 9.
Sunday stand up five in your five in your five to mid 12.
Ninety North Federal Highway and Palm Pima Beach.
No matter where you live it's worth the trip stock up on a whole bunch of shoes.
And again this week you can buy a new balance of tremendous savings even more than usual at Brandy's.
Take 20% off on all great men's and women's new balance styles.
So be sure and comment on this for this week or visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes dot com.
Shoe was mentioned real Roger.
And school is in place on five 60s at you.
Any air.
E.A.S.
S.A.S.
We have a different points of view now.
We're inserting in our lives are free.
Five out five big so long.
Five out five so long.
Seer is true in the shower.
Seer is true when taking a bath with you.
Here we are.
In the cold nation freeway.
We're the ones who are the best.
We're the ones who are the best.
Who's the best.
What we may remember.
There's a change in what you see in your box here.
Where I see you.
You're the best.
You're the best for you.
You won't need a touch by the sky.
You're the only one who said it was a change.
Five out five so long.
Five out five so long.
Seer is true when taking a bath with you.
Seer is true when taking a bath with you.
Five out five so long.
I'm excited that you're here.
Seven out nine so long.
Six out five so long.
Six out five so long.
Six out five so long.
Six out five so long.
Six out five so long.
152 67.1% that's two turrets of this audience you perk
I've always missed your anand meal hundred and you want twenty six point eight percent your cracking your knuckles
That's bad. Yeah, that's all right. How do they say that's bad for you? They do they say a lot of stupid things
Yeah, it's a stupid thing crack your knuckles all you want. Okay. That's the only crack that we approval on the show well
I don't want to get you in I'll send I listen to this for you on another station
24 that's three and a half percent
That's not good, but what is really good? I'm a steer mr. Anand new listener Neil 16
23% we got
Listen man, that is pretty dang exciting in another hour. We'll have 20
well, we'll see
And we only got another hour and ten minutes anyway of course in the noon to 12 30
I want to warn you at the time what no
The audience really owes me because I don't want to like you know
Leave you on I don't want to give you a false sense of like there's gonna be a show between noon and noon 30
Noon 30 we got the a water Nazis got three four-minute breaks on her again on a half an hour
So obviously we just faking it in that half hour
We just got a lot of spots to get in so we can get paid by the clients
We have no interest in providing you with any entertainment information anything in the noon to 12 30
That's not my decision or George or Miguel or even George Prodice who's out there holding Dave and boring sand as a state
Because it's raining, you know and he has to hold it and squeeze it
It's just the way it is the powers that be want the money
And they don't really give a crap about the audience which is very obviously the thing you're the whole steering thing
They don't really care about the new Rajas audience especially two thirds of the audience
We don't listen to Howard in the morning. I mean we wish they all did we love Howard's turn be on there because
Supposedly it's gonna make us a lot more money and I have to work a lot less and
Like and see Friday I got really porky because that thing 11 o'clock. It's just it was like they never wanted to end
You know, it was a little over the top. I thought it's tedious waiting. Yeah
I mean if we knew in other words if they told us at a time. Okay. We're leaving this morning at 10.45
Okay, we got enough material or
But no you just sit there waiting and waiting and anticipating and palpitating and
Crepetating and just they're waiting. I mean like we've done yet. Is it soup yet? You know that kind of thing
It's a little porky about that but having reconsidered over the weekend. I like these five-minute shows
It's great. Hot Democrats slapped back yesterday and remarked by House Speaker Denny has to
That I'll kind of leaders want Senator John Kerry to beat president Bush and November picking up a page from the
Big Cheney songbook
At a campaign rally Saturday in his Illinois District of Vice President Big Cheney see
After it said I'll kind of would like to influence this election with an attack summarily trained bombings in Madrid days before the Spanish
National election in March when a reporter asked has to if he thought I'll kind of would operate with more
Comfortive Kerry were elected the speaker said that's my opinion
Yes
Democratic National Committee chairman Terry McCollough called hasards comments disgraceful saying there was no room for this in our political discourse
I got a story here if I can never get it to print out
In fact, you know what I think I'll read it right off the thing because I don't have time. He's gonna have time to do anything
And this working champ we love working champ and we use a lot of their stories
I sent them money in the guy emailed me back and I guess he didn't like our website or whatever
We don't really care. Come on get with it here already about
About phony about the real forage documents
tampering with documents and bushes at National Guard record not we're not talking about CDS
We're talking about tampering that they've discovered that went on to cover up the hanky panky the fact that you got an a wall president
When this thing comes out so slow have you ever tried to get on this thing?
Smirking should yeah, yeah
I mean
Some days it's just oh it takes forever. Let's work it on it in the meantime
We got more important things than presidential election and wars and people dying stuff like that
McColley Culkin
To see this story. Yeah, he's kind of suck in old McColley Culkin. Oh well the 20
I he just oh makes my blood for it. I can't stand even see in the side of a clown that creature the thing
Anyway the 24 year old McColley Culkin was jailed in charge of possessing marriage we need and a dangerous
Controlled substance without a prescription police say here another man were arrested after the car they were traveling in was pulled over in Oklahoma City on
Friday Culkin best known for his role in the film the home alone and his spot in bed next to Michael Jackson was later released after paying a $40
$4,000 bond a
Report from Oklahoma County Sheriff's Office had authorities confiscated about 17 grams of marijuana from a vehicle in which Culkin was a
Passed here also found 16 milligrams of prescription medications used to control anxiety and see yours
It said how do you like that? Hmm
There have been stopped by offices driving 70 in the 60 and for making an improper lane chain
He's been under a lot of stress not that I want to stick up for him
But he's he's had a lot of problems here. Didn't get married when he was about like 10 years old something like that yet
Wait for my after Michael kind of like broke him in. Let's see am I gonna be able to do this?
I'm gonna give him my specials and click it over here. No, this thing sometimes
I guess they don't have that much bang with this something am I getting too technical for myself?
That might be a
issue. Yeah, I might be an issue
Anyway, at least two documents and president George W. Bush's Texas International Guard file shows signs of
tampering
The physical anomalies in the documents discovered by a report we are researcher Paul
LeCasey it suggests the changes remain in the documents after they were generated perhaps to mask potentially embarrassing
information about the president's service, okay?
Okay, so oh doctor the question now is who's got the real documents and who's got the doctor documents?
This Casey act and Ross story were among the sources upon which the Boston Globe grew upon when
Composing their article stating Bush failed to meet requirements of the guard both
Parties have steered clear other were not in the source for the controversial documents unveiled by 60 minutes
Okay, so this is a totally different story and it's actually got pictures
I'm gonna get this on our website if it's the last thing I do. I tried to like how we did that
If I press get it out there today Eric while you were recouping from your all-night stupor
The latest discovery concerns two records in Bush's guard file as obtained by the FEMA information request
2000 the first discrepancy is in a remarks of the president's discharge form formally known as the report is separated
and record a service and it's got a copy of that it showed it's just too long and ponderous, but there you are
It'll be on our website near Rogers.com take a long look at it and weep, okay?
Because just like that secretary said to the now did whatever he was Lieutenant General
Remember her yes, oh the 86 year-old brother was on with the end rather
She said we even though she doesn't believe those were the original documents that they essentially said exactly what the original documents
Were the states say and that the what was in them was absolutely correct is what she said there
I think that's her voice on the right now not the bridge that her that's her
So don't confuse this with the facts and of course the fact that this right-wing blogger from free republic dot com this
Freeper keepers creepers. It was all started by a creeper. Well, what credibility does that have any none in UN baby none as in singing
What these six past 11 at 560 WQ we only got an hour to go and then once we get to noon
We don't have like how many how many seconds we got
We don't have time to fart thank God in that noon to 1230 arc was going to get all the
Suspice and we're a joy subset
If you are the actions which so many people are the South Beach or Augusta is really low-carb sugar free diet
You do see the thing with the fat people on 60 minutes last night
That is the rice diet all man one guy two of them weight over 600 pounds
Anyway, if you are one of the low carb diets head for a great store
Delicie West Boker for years. Delicie sell thousands of low-carb dieters achieved their weight loss goals
And now the likes of West Boker celebrating their 14th big fat anniversary the special discounts of up to 50% off on low-carb products like
Carbola pure delight carpsense and all the others is the anniversary super special
You can save half off all atkins brand foods and supplements too and don't forget their fantastic
So less of low-carb baked radams things with some great taste like cheesecakes
Breads rules even brownies and as always a delight you can try any item in a store before you buy it
Who's definitely low carb dieting inside an out they're open every day till 10 in the PM
Don't forget that guarantee the lowest price policy on all atkins
Carbolite and purity like products the lights of West Boker will not be under solilo fight on the northeast corner of
Glades in 441 right next to Boston market reading column at 1 877 low carb run where it's low carb.com
That's L.O.W.C.A.R.B
Don't forget the one and only delight some West Boker's your official atkins retail centers
It's how it how it spam
Al
ah
Bob
Bob
knew
As been held at one of America greatest small writer
I am when it comes to
ironies
Of the penny saver called
bbles no Russian
The greatest comedy writer since Bill came in.
All it's you don't know the truth, and you'll be gone.
Now, as a grateful fan, I appreciate the enormous talent of Kim Bav news,
because to me he sounds just like Jerry Garcia.
I'm growing to custody girl, because they got custody again,
so we should grab shoes.
Now, no one else is as good as Kim Bav news, so rock in her gym, rock news, and see me.
Now, as I may miss in my toilet dot com.
Now, no.
11.32, that Alfred Kidman, what a kidder, you know, he's really something.
I can't say the word on the ear.
Judge strikes down campaign finance rules, first just in them.
We don't want to get too newsy now, but nevertheless.
A judge is struck down more than a dozen of the government's current rules on political fundraising,
which is weeks to go before a lesson day, including federal regulators in properly weekend nations campaign finance law.
U.S. District Judge Colleen, Cora Cotelli, ordered the Federal Election Commission to write new rules,
to govern key aspects of fundraising, including month candidates and outside parties can coordinate activities.
The judges did not specifically address how candidates and political parties and the head of current campaigns
would act in the absence of the rules, but laws made provisions banning most large donations are unaffected,
but issues involving coordination must be addressed by regulators, for example.
A commission member said that he wants the government to try to block the ruling from taking effect.
If the ruling is not stayed, many key parts of the Federal Election Laws will be in chaos and commissioning a Michael Toneray Republican.
Cora Cotelli ruled similar regulations, the FEC divides after law was passed in 2002,
would create an immense loophole in law for abuses that law makers wrote the law never intended.
How do you like that?
The judges ruling was released Saturday on a court website discovered today by the key parties.
The key parties found it today, and the ruling too.
This might make you feel a little bit better about life, those of you who don't want four more years of fascism,
those of you who aren't multi-billionaires, those of you who aren't religious bananas waiting for the Armageddon and for Jesus to come sit on your Toteena's pizza while you're waiting to eat it.
That's better to eat in the way for though, isn't it?
Okay, if you say so, you've never had a way for it?
If you're going to eat, no, I never had one of them way for it, but they taste like it.
They're not bad actually.
Really?
They're like a rice cracker.
Oh my God, you're macking on that Jesus.
They're really light.
Not enough of them.
Steve Soto writes, you should ignore Friday's Gallup Hall, and haven't I told you that Gallup Hall has always been tilting toward the right?
Haven't I said that?
It says ignore their Friday Gallup Hall and maybe all of theirs.
He says this morning, meaning Friday, we awoke to the startling news that despite a flurry of different pools last week, all showing it tied,
racially vulnerable Gallup Hall as reported widely in the media, USA TodayC, and then showed George W. Bush with a huge 55-42% lead over John Trey among likely voters.
The same Gallup Hall showed an 8-poin lead for Bush among registered voters before he gets discouraged by these results,
you should be more upset that Gallup gets major media outlets to top these pools and present a false, disappointing account of the actual state of the race.
Why?
Because the Gallup Hall, despite its reputation assumes that this November, 40% of those turning out to vote will be Republicans, only 33% only a third will be Democrats.
You read that correctly.
I asked Gallup, who has been very courteous to my request, to send me this morning their sample breakdowns by party identification for both their likely registered voter samples, they use these national and I suspect they're state pools.
This is what I got back this morning.
He's got the stories on our website, but I'm not going to say he read the numbers.
In both pools, Gallup oversamples greatly for the GOP and undersamples that Democrats, worse yet, Gallup just confirmed for me this is the same sampling methodology they've been using this whole election season for all of their national and state pools.
Gallup says that this breakdown between Republicans and Democrats was not a constant, it can differ slightly between surveys in response to my latest email.
Slightly, does that mean that all of these national and state pools we've seen from Gallup that they've slightly varied between 36% to 40% GOP and 32% to 36% Democrat?
I already know from an email I got from Gallup earlier in the week that in their suspicious Wisconsin Minnesota pools, they seemingly oversampled from the GOP and undersampled the Democrats.
For example, in Wisconsin, in which they now show Bush with a healthy lean, Gallup uses sample comprised of 38% Republicans and 32% Democratic-like-religors.
In Minnesota, where Gallup shows Bush gaining a small lead, this sample reflects a composition of 36% Republican and 34% Democratic-like-religors.
How realistic is he to break down on those states on election day? According to John Zabi, the renowned pools for himself.
If we look at the last three presidential elections, this spread was 34% Democrats, 34% Republicans and 33% Independents in 92 and Ross Perot in the race, in 96%, 39% Democrats, 34% Republicans, 27% Independents,
and in 2000, Democrats 39% Republicans, 35% 26% Independents.
So Democrats have been 39% voting populous in both 96 and 2000s. GOP has met up in higher than 35% among either one of those elections.
And Gallup Trump is a pool that used a sample that shows a GOP buys of 40% among likely voters and 38% among registered voters with a Democratic portion of the sample down the levels they haven't seen since the strong tree were raised in 92.
Post-Alus Karl Rowe can discourage the Democratic face in the same home and droves and gets the GOP to come out of the woodwork there's no way in hell that these or any other Gallup polls could be taken seriously.
How likely is it that Democrats will suffer a seven-point difference against the GOP this November, or that the GOP will ever hit 40% not very likely?
The real problem here is that Gallup is spreading false impressions of this race.
Through its 1992 partnership with the International Media, let's see an end in USA today, Gallup is telling voters and other media by using badly sampled polls that the GOP and its candidates are more popular than they really are.
Given that Gallup's CEO is a GOP donor, this should not be a surprise.
But this requires to remind the media like Susan Page of USA today who wrote the lead story on the poll in the morning paper Friday and other members of the media who cite this poll that is based on a faulty sample composition of 40% GOP and 33% Democratic.
Can that discuss the one of you?
Of course, if we go out and sample a whole bunch more Republicans than we do Democrats, who guess what Bush is way ahead of the end of all of that?
What a surprise.
Huh?
Sounds like that old Greg Reed methodology again, lies for your teeth baby, like Tom Delizeman, that's why she's got that big gap there, okay?
But she didn't know that, she's got that big gap so she can lie profusely through her freaking ugly teeth.
The union gap is what I heard.
Yeah, that's right, that's why they wave the union jack all the time.
Do you know that W's got the Confederate flag on his wall?
But he was astute, and yes he did, and he had a Confederate flag teacher when I was a fighter.
Well, racist.
750 states votes on the poll so far, this is kind of like a slap over from last night that we stared at the brand new and a catcher by surprise.
I guess it caught Eric by surprise more than anybody else because everybody else was asleep.
7506 votes, which of these applies to you?
I listen to Neil not the Stern 501 66.2% about two turds.
I've always listened to both Stern and Neil 209.
I listen to Stern on another station 28, and that's not so great 3.7% because they want to hear it first of all the better sound quality on FM.
And secondly, they might actually hear the show not that whole source is ceasing.
And when Howard does his Friday show this week on the hemorrhid contest, even more for me that that could be like an abortion.
I'll use it so.
Yeah, a lot of music.
And I'm a steer minister and a new minister Neil 182.3% to which we say we love you.
I like that, that's a little bit when we thought we'll take it.
We'll take that's what we've always said, that's our motto with QA money show.
We build our audience one listener at a time.
Ignore mistake or build it.
Because he costs too much money to do it any other way.
Funny till known at 560 WDQM and right now Armstrong Ford of Holmes did wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining 04s.
Here's just some of the great deals waiting for you right now at 04 F1 50 pick up your pages to dollar over invoice.
New 04 Explorer is just a buck over invoice.
Rangers, not the New York Rangers, they're not trained right now.
Neither are your panties by the way, don't send any money.
Rangers conducts toruses and focuses all waiting for you which is the buck over invoice only at Armstrong Ford of Holmes did.
Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to the slow customers.
When you buy your Ford from Armstrong you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for a life program that is correct.
You get tires and batteries for life.
The value of your Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because right now they're offering you a free Ford or SunPath with any vehicle you buy at their joint.
Press for time Armstrong knows that your time is valuable so call them at this number.
305 247 51 12 and shop right over the phone.
They'll even deliver that stiffy new vehicle right to you wherever you're hanging it out.
Armstrong Ford of Holmes did locally owned an operator that teaches just like family and I guarantee you you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in South Florida.
No bait and switch, no BS, no phone ideals.
Armstrong Ford of Holmes did you'll find him a 307 25 South Fixie highway just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them out of the web at Armstrongcars.com.
Grab a little and save a ton.
Literally hundreds, maybe thousands of them at New Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Holmes did.
You want to see the new vehicle, the new Roger this?
It's commercially unbiased to take you in the end.
She's finally fully in hours.
Looks like it's like the road's down.
Now from the tiny road wall.
Margaret Bush had caught a battle with her eyes full of the rice not loud.
It happened when she realized she raised more than a cloud.
Margaret Bush had caught a bell in my head.
And she said to me, hold it back me.
And she raised more than that.
She's a trowsick and she's a great celebrity.
Why the sad day won't go by.
What's my teeth carrying in a door full of dreams and stars in life?
But it tells me now.
She's got the future for us.
And if she always tries to choose, she will go and she's for us.
But the bush and body down in ice.
She gave us joy, but she said,
January's not the best in the world.
Bob and Bush will be reaching back.
And smells just like the night in stores.
It's not a big hat.
Margaret Bush, we've got a lot of fun.
I'm a sad day with the body down in ice.
14 to 11 at 5.60.
I went out yesterday and got two books.
I got the Seymour Hersh book, the world from 9-11-2.
The Bush and I see a college and an ass.
And a bigger book.
This thing is about almost 700 pages.
The kiddie Kelly book, the family, the real story of the Bush dynasty.
And I started leasing through the temple.
I really get into it.
Because it's like I said 700 pages long.
Talk about a great rip job.
And also she talks about the sliced job that the Bush campaign did.
Carl Rove and Bush and company on John McCain and the South Carolina primary in 2000.
I mean, just unbelievable.
And of course, everybody's got a short memory.
And there was Bush with the McCain, kissing the hugging and squeezing it and everything else.
All the McCain did say that Bush's policy in Iraq blow was something like that.
I'm paraphrasing slightly.
Now we get into that book.
writer Kitty Kelly has accused the White House of putting pressure on her in the US media
over the new biography on the family of President George W. Bush.
The family, the real story of the Bush dynasty, which alleged it was the Britsa dynasty,
which alleged it was that Bush took cocaine and can't date it when his father was present.
It became an instant press cellar after his publication this week.
But it's been strongly condemned by the presidency.
Well, no doubt.
I've had the pressure of the White House Kelly, a veteran of biographical polymers, told the conference of Washington Lake Thursday,
linked to the release of her book.
It was published last Tuesday.
It was under embargo until that time so there were no copies available.
These before publication, the White House issued a formal statement saying that the book was garbage and nobody should read it.
Kelly also said the White House had called the president of NBC News to urge the network not to invite her to talk about the new book.
How do you like that?
Not that they've read a control of media you don't understand that.
The Larry King did not extend an invitation.
I have done a show for every book that I've ever written.
She said of the star CNN talk show host that.
How do you like that?
Maybe if she slipped them a 50, that might change his mind.
The 733 page Tom is heading with Kelly's trademark mix of scandal and sexual innuendo and paints a deeply unflattering portrait of the Bush dynasty
that can then, by the White House, has a politically motivated, smear job ahead of the November 2nd presidential election.
Kelly said she interviewed 988 people for the book if it's in the book it's corroborated she said there's a lot I left out of the book.
Among those quoted are Sharon Bush and ex-wife of one of the president's brothers Neil Bush who was said to have confirmed the cocaine incident.
Sharon Bush of course has denied this because she values her life.
What do you want?
I'm very important.
I said how you doing?
I'm sure Bush had a little rest line.
It was a four hour lunch and Sharon Bush talked about everything Kelly said.
She talked about her father-in-law's infidelity.
She talked about the mistresses of George Herbert Walker Bush.
She talked about her fermented relationship with the Bush family.
I said Sharon have you ever heard about George W. doing drugs that can't date when his father was present?
And she said yes many times.
Kelly said Sharon Bush's publicist has corroborated everything.
But I'm not really surprised that she's backing off because this is a very powerful family.
Sharon said over lunch that she was afraid of the Bushes.
Kelly went on and to say I really do think they are the most powerful in America, the most powerful family in the world.
She didn't know she had any political agenda explained the book was started in 2000.
I personally come from a large Republican family.
She said my father voted for both Bush Ull and Bush Dose.
As you know let's not have another dose of that.
You know what I mean?
What's not to it again?
Oh I think that's things on autopilot.
You're both automatically.
Yes.
We'll have time to play that again.
Trust me.
All right we'll make time.
If we have to slap over a little bit in the ball game well maybe not.
A lot of other people can do a why can't we?
The pregame shows head-spranted by a bunch of bedtime stories.
Speaking of bedtime stories, I don't know if we can talk about this because it talks about pulling pork off the shelves.
Okay.
I don't think George is going to be too happy about that.
The headline on this from the CNN website is that a microchip in my meat?
And of course back in the day we could have had some fun with that but I guess we better not now.
No.
More than a thousand pounds of pork processed at a sous-cetter meat packing time was recalled over the weekend because a microchip could be embedded in the meat.
And man there's nothing worse than sitting down for a juicy pork chop or whatever fun it off is that microchip embedded in your meat.
The sous-creen packing company we called 110 Should pork shoulder butts.
Butts.
All right.
Which is known as a about 1100 pounds of meat that contain the metal devices used to measure scientific data in hogs.
The animals and especially at Russian Sharan Young Kippertime go beat no pork chops.
Maybe a couple of cheeseburgers, bacon cheeseburgers are right but not pork chops. You'll definitely burn in hell.
The animals processed September 10 were part of a research heard that had been sent to slaughter without the proper notification that they had chips in private said supreme vice president Jim Malak.
What a great name that is.
It's SIO UX as in sous-citer city Iowa.
Okay.
So supreme.
These hives have gotten into the delivery at our harvest plant in sous-cetter without in notification declaration that they carried the device.
He said the meat have been sent to processors in Colorado, Iowa and Mexico.
None of the meat appears to have reached consumers yet. He said recipients were notified to return the meat which will be either inspected and cleared for use or destroyed.
Merrick said, Malak said he didn't know who had implanted the chips in the hogs with hogs were healthy and then cleared by the USDA processes and specfist for processing.
So if you find that there's a microchip in your meat, I call the police right away.
Call the port police.
Oh, and speaking of porky people Carl Rowe, who's a real major.
The Carl Rowe dodge the draft would not be in just another person.
We had a whole bunch of Neocon draft dodging chicken offs up there.
And here's another one.
The main mover and shaker there.
The brains behind the end of all this.
Except for a lot of several months now.
The whole story is on our website.
We have time, our prohibition for more.
We just don't have time.
For the whole thing.
Except for a lot of several months selected service record show presidential adviser Carl Rowe, Nazi and chief.
Escaped the draft for nearly three years of out of the war in Vietnam using student deferments.
Rowe's avoidance of military service during the Vietnam wars become an issue in an ongoing presidential campaign debate.
Regarding the military records of President Bush and challengers Senator John Kerry,
Bush's supporters have attacked Kerry's war decorations and statements he made opposing the war.
And Kerry back was insisted Bush was quietly usher into the protective ranks of the National Guard to avoid combat then failed to fulfill the last month's service obligation.
Democrats cast Rowe was the mastermind of a hypocritical Bush team that managed to avoid the draft and now cynically encourages questions about Kerry's three purple hearts.
Last April, Kerry even mentioned Rowe by name along with Vice President Cheney saying the two men went out of their way to avoid their chance to serve.
Draftoggers, pony baloney, chicken hocks, sacrificing over a thousand American lives, all of course they themselves were cowards.
I dismissing that in passing.
Speaking of coward rhymes with Howard, let's take a look at the pool.
811 votes already. How do you like that?
Wow, okay.
See it's a good thing we started this baby overnight.
Probably had 1500 votes already if Eric wouldn't have been out galloping around all night.
Now they probably went away for the weekend or maybe he heavily sedated his lovely wife and he went away for the weekend.
You never know.
Or maybe he just went out on the eating binge, tearing all of the fast food joints all weekend as possible.
814 votes, which of these applies to you?
I listen to Neil not to stern 536, 65.8%.
So that's a little bit better by 66%.
A little bit, right?
A little bit.
Still not too good.
I've always listened to both stern and Neil 227, 27.8%.
I listen to stern on another station 32, 3.9%.
Mark by the way said that his earn acceptable.
Don't be doing that.
He wants you to hear every dump.
And the joy thing to have you about playing in dumps on me or either.
And I'm a stern list around a new Neil Rogers list there.
19.
Oh, God.
19.
Speaking of she's 19, I don't know how much she's 22 now.
Top star Britney Spears did it again.
Oh, and she did it again.
Oh no.
Here goes out of Madden Bay.
Anyway, Top star Britney Spears did it again and got married for the second time this year.
This time to dance her Kevin's federal line in a private ceremony in Studio City, California.
Access Hollywood reported yesterday.
Aren't you bummed out about that or whatever?
She's not looking that good lately.
I mean, I know if she still looks good, but not that good.
The blue is starting to fade.
She looks like she's well worn at this point if it gets my grip.
She's 22 and federal line 20.
So kind of like screwing, you know, well worn.
Spears bloody to and federal line 26.
Surprise their parents with unexpected ceremony, which she seems to be pretty big on that.
Every time she gets a few belts in her, which took place in a private residence,
according to a publicist, but he syndicated, entertained and used program.
Access Hollywood.
Is that the one that that Jack asks his own, what else is name?
With a mustache?
He's a sports nerd.
You know the one I'm talking about.
I think the author said it today.
Can't stand that guy.
Spears married high school sweetheart.
Well, we already know about that.
Spears and federal line answer engagement in June.
Federal lines got two children with former girlfriend, Char Jackson.
Former girlfriend.
Not a wife, but then again, that's the way things are these days.
You are listening to Neil Rodgers' case.
Movesively on my six days.
Oh, oh, oh.
This is Dick Jamie.
I like to relax while I have a merry-magneling beside my ball.
So I'm listening to the Neil Rodgers' 12th one hour movie.
Yeah.
George Bush.
Where the place you can land so that you can.
Oh boy, be me his man.
Now you said you.
So that you do need to find my newbie.
I've sent in your mind George Bush.
Your position's a snake because John Kerry is up to your fate.
It's those questions about the National Guard that might leave your wealth.
You can start.
And on display you're not AWO-L and you can book a number days.
WO-L.
What a funny thing to build a cherry can find.
Where you will live in that funny next time.
If you already did you win.
A-W-O-L and Danny Hough to do.
A-W-O-L.
If you don't become a tree, when a tree in that tree will.
You might turn back over here.
I'll feel.
So I'm on one of five sixty W.2 ammo.
Counting down to the Marlins tree game.
Show a dry candy.
You will be level 100 against your cup today.
If Marlins really want anything to make their wealth right.
I would say they got to win both games when you were young.
Absolutely.
We need to sweep.
We need to get out of the sweep today.
Maybe we were also looking pretty grim.
Anyway, 12-30 pre-game, 105 game time.
And yeah, it's been raining and fishing around a little bit.
But it's all dissipating.
I take the radar.
Everything is just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
We've been out to the ballgame.
No excuses.
Airline passengers face tighter security.
That starts today.
You may be noticing that those of you who have just come through the airport on the way in.
Of course, on the way in they don't check you.
But nevertheless, you might be watching what they're doing.
They have the people on the way out.
You'll later now.
Starting this week, all airline passengers must take off their jacket.
Now, why did they just start in that now?
They're going to take their hat and jacket off.
What did you just say?
What are you doing?
Must take off their jackets, be seen no matter what you do.
No wonder great hate you like boys and enjoy.
So I don't want to tell you that.
I can't say the word which you feel about you.
Airline passengers must take off their jackets before passing through metal defectors.
And more will be subjected to patdowns, surges and chest-coil explosives.
In other words, if they see kind of like a little bulge,
they'll start somewhere on your body.
They're going to be patting it down.
Yeah, or like if you have a strange package.
Screeneers will advise passengers or new procedures
when they put their carry-on bags in the conveyor belt.
TSA spokeswoman, you will land a carcabee sand.
The goal is to fortify our screening procedures
and take the presence of explosives carried on a personal and carry-on luggage.
Of course, you're still going to be able to carry like, what, 15 cigarette lighters?
Well, no, not sound good.
Right, and two hand grenades down to a dozen lighters.
Vag check-on to planes must pass through machines that can detect various kinds of explosives.
But neither the walk through metal defectors that pass you a use on the way to gates,
nor the S-ray machines for carry-on bags can sense plastic explosives.
So now, every passenger selected for secondary screening
after passing through metal defectors will either carry on items subjected to the chest
by explosive trace detectors.
They've been doing that for a long time.
I guess now they're just doing a more widespread.
Where are we now?
I don't know if anything was like the little moistened stealth thing on the end of it.
I don't want to touch that.
Well, you know what I'm talking about?
Now that's what I said, too, I don't want to touch that, either, and they insisted.
Air travelers, association president David Steppel, said the charges are a good idea.
The changes are a good idea.
Though some passengers could be upset by hand searches.
And of course, that all depends on where they stick their hand.
Or what they would be like.
The extraordinary need for it, given the recent bombing of the planes in Russia,
heightened security alerts, tension leading up to the election,
I think these are the necessary evils that passengers are going to have to put up with, he said.
Two chicks and women are suspected of carrying bombs under those two Russian planes
that have exploded almost simultaneously last month.
Oh, we got to do a break.
What?
Nothing?
I warned you folks that this half-hour is strictly, uh, it's sand the scam is what this is.
Do not know what to show.
860 votes which of these applies to you.
I listen to Neil not this year in 560-365.4%.
I've always listened to both Stern and Neil 244, which will allow those people to lie 20-25%.
I listen to Stern on another station 32-3.7%.
A second tattoo of all those bleeps.
And I'm a Stern listener and a new listener Neil 21.
I'm just blown away.
That's amazing.
Totally good.
You're right.
Thrive concepts is long-help keep your carpets clean and healthy and right now they stand
help, they stand ready to help return your house to normal.
If you had water damage like so many people did from Hurricane Francis.
They made arrangements to be a staging area for water damage restoration services help us
come in from northern states and so now they have an abundance of equipment to help with a restoration process.
If you need help with your property, you're draping all these things to put your house back in the shape.
Try their main number with dry concepts is tool-free 1-800-248-5071.
If you can't get through that number, try 954-214-6924 or 954-444-9276 or 954-214-6923.
Once again, if you have water damage from Hurricane Francis, dry concepts is ready to help restore your home back to its normal state.
Look, brand spank a new column today.
If that main number, there will be no time at all.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
It's yours, Inc. and me and Rogers.
It's yours.
It's yours.
It's yours.
I'm a AM.
Great, H.U.
Thank you.
Here goes automatic speed.
You may be fine, but you're exactly GOP.
We're at the same speed, but time no step back.
That's just the old times room with the game.
The brother, the mother, that was a problem.
The father, the father, the father, the father, the father.
Yeah, you both don't deserve a bet.
Last year we were caught, room with the game.
We're going to go on.
That is it, that is it.
This is bad, this is it.
We are trying to pay us into fair, not to get it.
Fair as hell, still as hell.
We are about to pay you a fair as hell.
Fair as hell, still, we might have to get it.
Then go try and hope this is your good will.
Yes, God knows, I know it's best part of reading this.
You choose to kill the rice, or you choose to kill.
I wish it was a boy that got it all out.
Back and forth, back and forth, you see back and forth.
You're got to bend around, throw your rope, throw it out.
Back and forth, you see back and forth, you see back and forth.
Well, it won't matter who, or what you're going to take for push too.
We did a last-night time, both next up.
Last year's the old ones grew as a man.
If you darker than Light Brown, your vote is surely going to hit the ground.
That's it, that's what it's saying.
And of course, the media goes, well, they're not like that.
There was nothing revolutionary about that.
All in dark, forcibly prevented from voting and put on those felon rules.
Just one of them things.
The media continues taking money in the pocket, looking the other way.
That I'm sure is.
I'm making part, and we don't have to end like Interrupted Zedda,
because we only got a very short show.
In fact, it's something I don't break almost.
Here's a fast from Ray, who says Ray Denzel in Washington.
He says, I viewed the 9-11 Pentagon strike video several times.
Yeah, on you people, I said, they're looking at our website.
Oh, and I never even mentioned Adrien Barbod today.
I'm so sorry.
You see, this is what happens when you get backed up.
No, when you get thrown off your feed, in other words, you know,
we generally have kind of like a system in a way we do things here.
I apologize.
So, fiercely, for not even mentioning the beaten curtain,
although in this particular case, probably better off.
That's a good picture.
It is not a good picture.
It's odd.
Oh, my God.
She's got that one gigantic breast, the size of her month.
And then what did that say?
It's on the other side.
No, it's kind of like the other one is the one that's missing from the Mariah Carey.
Adrien Barbod, and she don't need any introduction of Fayolue TV nerds.
You know who the hell I am.
So, she's on the beaten curtain today, and if you were at your own risk.
Anyway, Ray says, I viewed the 9-11 Pentagon strike video several times.
I had my whole family watch it.
My feeling that comes over me each time is chilling.
The German speaking adds to the subtriff usual the facts of this event.
How do you like that?
The German is speaking in that video.
Yeah.
The spielmeister.
The real definition of the American public says, Ray, is chumps.
Vossal lemmings being led to slaughter.
Hey, Ray, you are...
Absolutely correct.
And they showed down CNN, I mentioned last week that survey they've done all around the world.
35 different countries where Carey just pounds the heck out of bush.
Let's let the whole world vote.
Okay, they're all on here.
They're all onto these Nazis.
And they're all on here.
And here in Canada, 61% for Carey, 16% for Buche.
And then it includes, of course, all them redneck cowboys out there in Alberta and wherever.
Cami cowboys.
Right, Cami cowboys.
Cami cowboys.
Cami cowboys.
The programming also raises the programming decisions by where we'd have been laughable
and best your program should start at 10 AM, whether Stern has done or not.
The way it's done now is not professional, sloppy at best.
You want to be prepared and on time, not whenever the mood strikes.
I like the way that Ray is starting to like tell me what I want, what I...
All of these things, you know?
I want to be prepared and on time.
Do you want it?
The remarks about less work for St. Money, ring true for all.
However, the quality of your show will suffer, which bothers you very much.
I'm not sure.
And bothers you very much, Ray says.
He's in your head.
Especially now that it's only the 20th and the 25th is five whole days away.
The little rushes of the dance loosely, unbites the people at 8 AM.
Get you down.
New on the Geriatric Channel.
Who came here to put me in a hole?
The makers of Pimp My Ride, it's here.
My Walker.
Whoa, shizzle my muzzle.
Yes, you're like shizzling.
This wardrobe is spunky.
I want to get it with you.
You can slide.
You can slide it.
Get my Walker.
Oh, you got some.
You've had to look a lot today.
He's also good.
I don't have one.
You can slide it.
Probably to the five 60 W.
I'm just moments away from the pregame show Marlins in the Cubs at PP Park.
Huge jug in a big double header today.
George is even excited about, aren't you?
Oh, I am excited about it.
Because we get out of here and just a few right.
And like an 11 minutes, not that we're counting.
How a burden is a handy target for Democrats in the fall of,
now wait till you hear the timing on this.
Okay.
In the fall of 2002, keep in mind that the Iraq attack was the spring of 2003.
In the fall of 2002, a group of Pentagon advisers,
assessing the condition of Iraq's oil fields,
saw that these were trying to repair damage from the impending war.
The effort had to be secret because the government had not publicly committed itself to fighting,
and it had to be done by trustworthy experts.
The energy infrastructure planning group turned away familiar resource,
Haliburton Company, the Global Services Company,
where Dick Cheney was chief executive until a couple weeks after
it was nominated for Vice President.
Oh, my God.
Just like the ones that you understand, right?
It was a small project worth $1.9 million for a company that brought
in 12.6 billion in revenue that year,
but it turned out to be the bridge to something much larger.
Four months later, pending on officials' granted Kellogg Brown and Root
Incorporated, Haliburton's Engineering and Construction subsidiary,
one of the contracting plums of the war,
a classified no-bed deal worth up to $7 billion to do the restoration work.
The details about the genesis of those secret contracts
would be a part of intensifying election year ever by Democrats and Congress
and the presidential campaign that John Kerry
to question whether Haliburton became one of the defense department's favorite contractors
because Cheney is vice president.
What do you think?
Oh, let me think about that for a few years.
No one has presented evidence that Cheney made as much as a phone call on behalf of his former company
and the run-up to the war rescins, but Haliburton's repeated missteps and legal troubles,
the surge in government business and apparent contradictions and statements
by Cheney and other administration officials, have kept the issue alive.
Political analysts said that many voters may have no idea what services Haliburton
provides to the government, but that they know Cheney once ran the company.
John Pitney, Jr., in a relation to Jean Pitney, a government professor at
Claremont Mechanicality, once served as a fellow in Cheney's congressional office
in Haliburton in flames of administration critics.
For people who disapprove of the administration, Haliburton provides a handle.
He said it summons up images of corporate connections and big oil.
And of course, we all know those who just images, right?
There's no truth.
But any of that crap.
I just, those of us who are jealous, because we don't have those big gigantic billions like they do.
21 past, millenate five, 60 WQA, and you're all spot station for the new millennium.
You know, this is one of those times when many might need some help fast
because of the hurricanes and all the other crap that's been going on.
Well, thankfully, Donald Macris delivers the same day all across South Florida.
When you call 1-800-MACRIS, which is the deepest and widest selection of betting,
all available for immediate same-day delivery.
Call 1-800-MACRIS right now for factory direct prices.
And like I said, immediate delivery is still going to get to pick that day into our window to fit your schedule.
And Donald Macris is on time 99.7% of the time.
Now, the Macris direct number one customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torch of excellence award.
You wouldn't know what they say about that torch.
FAAAINING!
When you call 1-800-MACRIS, you'll choose to go from the top names in the business.
Sealy, sir, the King Crayo Simmons, tempered
even, sterons and foster a huit.
Everybody with a brain is doing it and you ought to be doing it.
It's easy, it's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do.
Just sit on your fat ass and make that one call 1-800-MACRIS or log on to their website,
www.macris.com.1800-MACRIS 1-800-MATTR-E-S.
Get your ass in the middle of the rushes.
And lose it away.
I'm quite sick of you.
A-M-M.
The ride, the Cubs.
Start by spot before I start to do the protest this outside.
I call you old Charlie Man.
Ha ha ha ha.
I'm very good to see that joke going.
I said at least I have an excuse.
I'll be by King George W. Bush.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
No, I made that far a lot.
I'm sure it was.
Are we not streaming today because the key says we're not streaming?
Yeah, we are key.
I think we're streaming with that.
Yeah.
Eric would like us to help the one streamers.
Thank you.
Check your key if you want to.
I was in a comeback from P.B. Park and about a whole show believe you're not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm just.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I just got it further.
Feel the rumors.
I know how to leave this room behind.
We will.
We will.
We will.
We will.
We will.
Do make it harder.
You are going to fly away.
Yeah.
That's why we live Geme empieza to date.
I was about to go to the beach
The girl's the band of fire
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to the beach
I was about to go to that point
I was about to do what I did
I was about to have my time
I was about to have my time
and I finished I finished all ми
all ми
We're flying
We're flying
He's going!
There's a good good goal.
Oh, we're flying!
I'm flying!
I'm flying! I'm flying!
Break your shoes!
Yeah, I'm going to knock you out.
I'm flying!
George, get it in the middle of the tree.
Bye!
I'm flying! I'm flying!
