As lady in sound, she's an op-edot Jew, and she needs to buy bread that is unleth of them.
Oo, oh, and she's buying bread at 7, healing of them.
Oi!
And the bread is wonders!
And the bread is wonders!
Oo, oh, and the bread is wonders!
I was dreaming that the sound of the round, even through peace I'm turning myself.
It's so hard to keep the head down, to get me my lunch there.
Wish my face was a mirroring jibble, it's finally clean and uncomfortable.
Father, time's such a beautiful, to get me my way of sleep.
But so long as I can only feel lonely, don't worry, don't worry, don't worry,
I'm pretty sure I'll be your mother.
I think I'm hiding, deep I think, to lay down, where my dancers, and then for the time,
they took me home.
Used to look sharp when we were there, but if you think it's real, really bad,
check keep reaching out that true he said, get me my wheelchair.
Voice is sharp, but I'll still tell you, I can't tell you, I can't tell you,
next to Bob's feeling, nothing needs to be healed.
Get me my wheelchair.
Oh, any more wheelchair.
My wheelchair is big, it's big and I like it, it's big too.
Who is my swan?
No, just this looks like a nightmare of bad day with some of the 104 runny,
I don't understand this.
If there's one thing I can't deal with, well, several things I can't deal with,
and I refuse to deal with like when people will send me a message and say,
oh, and a happy and healthy new year right about this time.
Happy new year.
And my response to that mentally, I don't say anything because I just bite my tongue and think,
okay, tell me the same thing like January 1st would be good.
I just, I can't deal with this.
All but it's the Jewish New Year and it's a very holy day and it's Russia showing on on on on on on.
Yeah, an order of Russia showing on having a pork and ham sandwich.
Well, good for you.
I might just have me a nice bacon cheeseburger a little bit later and maybe something else's
tray is possible from how he's yeah, some, in fact, I already had bacon,
so I'm already going to go to hell, although that'll, on young Kipper when we start eating on young Kipper,
they'll really be bad.
Of course, when you work at WQAM, we already know that every day is young Kipper when you work for Greg Reed,
making a mistake about that.
I just, I'm not on these and I'm especially not on the people of all of a sudden turn very religious on me.
High holidays, no matter which holiday it is, people will never go to church,
every Easter or Christmas or whatever, all while we're worried about Catholics or whatever it might be.
And we can't show up for work today.
Like, good Friday, for example, what kind of a scam is that?
For some of us every holiday is a high holiday.
Yeah.
Well, I know, I know somebody who every holiday is a high holiday.
Hi, Fowley!
Yeah, a Jeff High holiday, but that's another story.
So I'm at least, Stern is pretending to be Jewish today and he took today also the head of best up.
Wait, Rick has a balloon, he might fling it.
Oh, I'm not.
He's thinking Santa.
No, but most of them have fallen off.
Oh, it's a lowway right there on Shia.
It's a low on top of these street lights.
It covers up there.
Very exciting.
And they have literally just flown off as they have arrived.
So, Rick, that guy still has read the one that you hit when you were like losing an upper one,
but he's in a car.
This is why something could actually fall off as he did.
So, what we see is a lot of fun.
We've got plenty of time.
We've got to go in one tropical storm style debris flying all over the place.
You mentioned a little bit of the sharp fence being...
People are not getting out of mind to see him in pay on my island and strike it.
Still under a tornado warning for much of the area.
Good reason to be concerned because as you had alluded to...
By the way, we're just in case you're wondering.
The people of South Florida, most of us still hate you like poison or an idiot.
High-preventilating idiot.
But the best of luck to you at CNN because at least then you won't be coming back.
Anyway, here's the 8am.
Do we really want to do this stuff on Hurricane Jeannie?
Jeannie?
Oh, let's do something.
Jeannie became a hurricane in the sixth of the season,
near the eastern tip of his spaniard, this morning.
And Hurricane Warning is now an effect for the eastern and northern coast of the...
La Republika de Minicona from La Plata, South Florida, East La Sainana.
A tropical storm warning hurricane watcher and effect a lot on the northern coast of La Republika de Minicona from western Puerto Rican...
Westward to Monten Cristo.
I do like a good Monte Cristo sandwich, don't you?
Yes, I do.
Oh, those are good. I haven't had one of those in a coon.
You're right.
The powdered sugar on it.
Yeah.
Or did I ever have a really good Monte Cristo sandwich?
I don't know, but boy, I'd like to go back.
Where?
Wags used to happen.
Wags?
Sure.
I've never had Monte Cristo sandwiches before.
I remember that.
I remember Wags had pretty good spaghetti and meatballs.
I do remember them.
I like wags.
Anyway, this area in La Republika de Minicona will likely be upgraded to a hurricane warning late this morning.
There'll be a 11 o'clock advisory.
It doesn't look like we've got any problem with it.
Although I'm sure that the weather fairies are desperately trying to like draw it in,
suck it right in, you know, to have a lot of practice at that.
Suck it right in and like bring it by voodoo into the South Florida area.
So you pull baskets who are like, even now is not letting you have recovered with electric and whatever.
I have to go through it again.
Oh, man.
Tropical storm warning and a hurricane watch remains an effect along the southern coast of La Republika de Minicona.
It just got your reading that and they written, no, it's not my bad.
It's there by the repeating it over and over again.
Tropical storm conditions also likely along the north coast of Haiti.
A hurricane watch remains an effect for the South Eastern Bahamas, including the Aclins,
Crooked Island, the Inagüas, or that iguanas, Maya Guana and the Ragged Islands,
and Minotauras, as well as for the Turks and Kiko Islands.
Interest elsewhere in the Bahamas show, I should monitor the progress of June.
It's moving toward the west near nine miles an hour,
but a gradual turn to the west, northwest we certainly hope is expected in the next 24 hours.
Maxima sustained winds near 80 miles an hour and that's about it.
What's the pressure?
What's the pressure?
Minimum central pressure of 985mb.
That ain't too bad.
It's just, it's girly a hurricane.
It's a cat one.
And they say it might become a cat too by the time it gets east of you folks,
but it's like, it goes, got some very bad news in relation with our poor yesterday.
And I guess that was a bad slip of the time.
Remember the guy called in and said the Ramones as far as an underrated rock group?
And I said, oh, he's still dead, meaning joy, Ramone, of course.
Well, little did I know, boy, you better never cross me because if I say you're dead, you're dead.
You know what I mean?
I'm dead on the hand.
The Taurus Johnny Ramone dies at 55.
He died?
Right on the day that we were talking about dead Ramones.
Johnny Ramone, guitarist and co-founder of the Seminal Punk Band of Ramones,
that influenced the generation of Rockers' dying.
He was 55.
Ramone had been fighting a five-year battle with prostate cancer, died in the sleep once.
The nickname is LA Homestriated by friends and family.
Said the band's longtime artistic director, Arturo Vega.
I wonder if he's related to Lou Vega.
He was the guy with a strategy.
He was the guy who not only looked after the band's interest, but also was the defender, Vega.
Said a telephone interview from New York.
Ramone, whose birth name was John Cummings.
I wonder if he was kind of Burton Cummings, you think?
No.
No.
I've been hospitalized in June at Cedar Sinai Medical Center.
Johnny Ramone was one of the original members of the Ramones whose songs I want to be sedated
and wood-screeed buff among others.
Earned them an induction in the Rocker World Hall of Fame in 2002.
Johnny Ramone co-founder the Ramones in 74 New York along with singer Joey Ramone,
bassist D.D. Ramone and drummer Tommy Ramone, who's the only surviving member of the original band.
Did you know that?
I did.
All four band members had different last names, but took the common name Ramone.
Joey Ramone, whose real name was Jeff Heimann.
Oh, I wonder if he was related to Bobby Heimann, the dating lady.
No, Piper Drought.
Oh, was she a pain in the ass?
Whose real name is Jeff Heimann, died in 2001 of lymphatic cancer.
D.D. Ramone's real name was Douglas Colvin, died from a drug overdose, a Dung overdose in 2002.
And it goes on, none.
And even Bruce Springsteen was moved.
After seemingly Ramones and Asbury Park, New Jersey Springsteen wrote,
Hungry Heart for the Band is manager, hubris Wheyden, to keep the song from himself.
And it became a hit single.
Dada, da, da, da, da, da, da.
I can't stand Bruce Springsteen, man.
He gives me spielkeys.
He's a screamer, a shouter, a yeller, a wailer.
Really?
Kind of like a meal with almost your name, a party.
A lot of wailer.
Huh?
No, me and Bobby McGee, Janice Joplin.
Oh, who?
Yeah.
A screamer.
A wailer.
Don't we have a Janice Joplin?
I wonder if that's in here.
Because I have put a lot of stuff in here that I don't, not that one though.
It's ACN.
I think the public could find it.
Well, we got a lot of time to dig around to all kinds of stuff.
This is good.
No pressure.
We don't have to run.
We might even take a few calls here today.
WQIM.
Gracious, good afternoon to you.
How are good morning.
I'm sorry.
Good evening to you, sir.
How are you?
Likewise.
You're all gracious.
Happy Russia, Shana.
Not interested.
Don't celebrate these silly ass religious view or goi holidays.
That interesting.
But anyway, back in.
Yeah, I thought it interesting.
We kind of perceived your alleges that he doesn't either, but he always manages to take the
holidays off so well.
I thought I had a scan going.
This guy would take his more best doves on it.
So he's only been on a station about a few or four weeks now, who's on vacation two of
the weeks and now he's taking off today for due holidays.
Getting a little ponderous with these best of and worst of, you know, I mean, I'm not
complaining the fact that he gets done 11 o'clock or 1045, but at least do it every day.
Have a look.
The worst thing that can happen is you come in mentally prepared to do about three hours and
ten minutes and all of a sudden.
Oh, it's the best of tape today.
You got a whole four hours and you think, oh crap.
Yeah, because now you got to get dressed early and you know, brush your teeth.
I don't have to get dressed or brush my teeth.
I'm sitting here in my apartment.
I know that is probably the greatest job on earth.
It is.
That is.
But no, I was you mentioned all the remote being dead.
Does that include the fifth remote or?
Yeah, the fifth remote.
How expensive.
We can only hope.
We can only hope it's right on that note.
Have a lovely day.
And you too.
Who was that?
Was that somebody we know?
I don't know.
Well, that sounded like a coherent car.
I'm just not prepared for that.
I don't know if it's a show.
Right out of the box.
That'll be the last one we get today.
No, you'll see.
Let's have another coherent car right away just to show that you're just full of it.
All right.
I guess we'll just do the two breaks this time.
I'm not in this business of taking breaks that we don't need to take just so.
I know that's roads of how.
I've been doing this a long time.
And if I can't like fill a few extra minutes, especially with all the off time that we
get now at a Sterns game going on, then you know, what can I say?
By the way, the person who's not supposed to be listening to this show, turn it off right
now.
Turn that radio.
Find something else.
Find a hobby.
Go play a salad here.
Go play a majong.
Go play shuffleboard.
But turn this off right now and stay off our website too, by the way, trouble maker.
Look for the QM van today noon to two at the Wendy's.
Boy, I sure like Wendy's.
Although I like Hardee's a lot too with him.
They can shroom burners.
I haven't had one of those in a long time.
And what's the other one?
Is it Hardee's?
I think we have a Hardee's here in the Eden Center downtown.
Lucky.
And anyway, look for the QM van today noon to two at Wendy's located at 81 100 northwest
33rd Avenue in Haya Lea.
Oh, stop by and win prizes.
Merges to win a Honda Civic hybrid from South Florida commuter commuter services.
And then five to seven today, the Van will be out of the public's at 1305 North University
driving Coral Springs.
Look for the Rock Green, the Rock Green or the Rock Solid, light beer display and spin
the wheel for prizes by the seven.
Now, how was the Treasure Island last night?
It was rock solid.
Was it?
That's what it was.
There's some of us were.
And.
And what?
Those prizes asking that we have a good turnout.
I mean, how the hell did they go?
Burnout, a lot of visitors.
The burger was great.
We had no these.
Otherwise, anyone died.
Here's another great call WQAM.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
This is Diane.
I wanted to tell you every time I see Mrs. Kamal on the radio deal.
It's Miss Kamal, the year we heard.
That's right.
Every time I see her, I had a patient years ago who lived up in the DC area and told me
that allegedly I'll be nice.
Allegedly, Mrs. Kamal was run out of DC because she was...
Careful now.
Careful.
Yes, very careful.
She was having relations with the pages in the White House and got running out of town.
I never heard that story.
Yeah.
Well, he lived there.
He was an FBI guy.
Who else in the FBI guy?
My patient.
Oh, your patient.
Yeah, I lived in DC.
Well, I never heard that again.
So that's just an allegation by some middle patient in DC.
Allegations, that's right.
Hey, who's an FBI?
Is there not well known to be, you know, truthful and honest?
Well, he probably...
This FBI guy probably had relations with Gay and Grouper if he asked me.
Oh, oh, he did.
That's why I was seeing him for those issues.
Mm-hmm.
But every time I see him, I can't get that out of my mind.
Mrs. Kamal, I love you to death, Neil.
I listen to everything else in this day.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Okay.
Bye.
I'll see how you like that.
I mean, I don't know if coherent would have been the word there, but at least...
Good.
Again, those are just spurious allegations, and we totally deny and decry, and all those
times possible.
Our point yesterday, what is the most underrated rock group of all time?
And we had a good response only...
Don't ever tell me I have bad taste in music again, please, okay?
That seems the possible lead by George.
He's the bandwagon leader on that full of crap.
Sure.
And Neil's got the worst taste in music.
There was nothing about music.
Yeah, right.
Wasn't me.
Wasn't you what?
Save.
You've always said that, and then the audience, of course, chimes really.
Oh, yeah, George, you're so cool.
And you play all that crap that nobody ever heard of when you were on that.
I said, you had to make a name.
You got to name it on the 12th of the world.
That was just unbelievable.
A taste of what?
The musical taste of a 12-year-old girl.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, 12-year-old girls are really into R.E.M. and the Aerosmith, right?
If they were 12 at the time.
I see now.
Let me just also say this to you.
We didn't put R.E.M. or the Moody Blues on here, which is good.
I thought we did, and they don't belong on here.
So it must have been a very coherent moment for Josh not putting him on here.
Or else he screwed up.
Was that by intent?
I thought we decided not to put R.E.M. on the poll.
That's what I read.
Or the Moody Blues.
Well, that was good, because they don't belong on here.
They're not even close.
They're both huge, bigger than life.
Most underrated rock group of all time.
We had how many votes?
1496.
Probably over 15 ever now, but I printed this baby out a little while ago.
How many of we got?
One moment, please.
1533.
Well, some don't count.
Rush.
Rush.
128.
I think some of our political amavings out there were a little bit confused.
We were talking about, Rush, the group, the kidneys.
Not that rush, okay?
That's probably what they thought we were talking about.
They love Rush.
128 votes.
They win steely then, and we still are out of gas.
That's what Gary Vettman said yesterday in the NHL negotiations.
He kept saying,
we're out of time, we're out of gas.
What a whiny, wimpy.
And by the way, unhappy new year to you, too, okay?
Unhappy new year to you, Gary Vettman.
You're a little torp.
No hockey.
I cry.
I try.
How many weeks did I try?
About 30, man.
Tell these people, don't send Alan Cohen in the Panther Organization your money.
There isn't going to be a hockey season.
Did they listen to me?
No.
They won't listen to Old Neal, because what the hell do I know?
I don't know much about hockey.
What the hell would I know about that?
There's least TV.
Oh, they're going to commercial now.
Damn it.
Bad timing.
Steely then, second with onrid 16, who really suck.
I mean, you talk about bad taste.
Sublime 109.
From the ridiculous to the sublime.
The Kins 96.
Grand Funk Railroad moved.
Now, where do they come from?
65.
Huh?
Out of nowhere.
I don't know where.
Let's go.
Okay, they're fine.
There's nothing wrong with them.
Holley 63, that was my original choice.
Jethro Dull 61, another classic example of a really crappy taste of music.
I don't want to go in with it.
Do be brother 58.
Cream 50.
I bet they're hanging out in that white room, you think?
Look.
There were maybe a rubber room.
There were moments 48.
Radiohead 46.
Talking heads 45.
The animals would eric burden 43.
That Brit.
Facts that in.
Very demanding Brit.
Who is busy eating his spotted lizard.
Smith 42.
Forner 41.
Boy, forner is really good.
They're great.
Yes.
Are you a speed wagon who are not so great, who's a matter of fact sucked.
The big one, they had 38 votes, which is.
And is that the guess who?
All I can say to that is.
Oh my God.
Oh, brother.
Yeah.
Don't, when you think of really underrated groups that really are fantastic, they've made so many great, so much great music.
Right.
Don't you think of the guess who an are you a speed wagon like in the same aisle all the day?
I'm glad to see they did well.
I love brothers.
We're great.
County Cros 21, Marshall Tucker band 21, the pet shop boys.
Failing.
Nineteers.
Sweet.
Had 19.
And the traveling Wilbur is that's why I dug up that ancient Wilbur is there?
Yes.
Sixteen.
Well, you know, we don't play that because it's like one of the most important things.
We're going to have to go to the lost bits.
What?
Well, that is because it was.
It was I one of those real, real early.
Maybe the very first best of meal discs.
And so it's been kind of like languishing.
XTC 16, we ought to play that dear God.
We got a lot of time today.
Yeah.
You got it there.
I do.
Today, clock 514.
I like that they clock 5.
They were just fine.
That's what I'm going to say.
Joy Division 14, Crowder House 13.
I just I don't understand why they didn't do better of skewer because it's a name recognized.
I'm skewer crowded houses of skewer.
They only had a couple of hits.
Get out of here.
I have the disc.
I like them a lot, but that's, you know, that's how they are.
You have to be smitten me.
Crowdered houses of skewer.
Big fan of the thin brothers all the way back to split ends.
But yeah, a lot of people that's not for them.
The turtles 12 and our BQ had a dozen rare earth had 11.
Where is that rare earth?
The spinners had only 11.
Boy, you people don't know your music, man.
Berlin 11, super grass 11, meridian 10, 10CC 10.
And then appropriate the 10CC, it would have been better if they had like 12.
Husker do had nine.
Yuskidu and Yuskidosh had the 42.
Bread 7, David Gates and bread tied with two other.
I always think when I think of David Gates and bread and all the sensational syrupy, but really good music that they made,
I always think of Frankie Lyman and the teenagers and daddy warholes in the same breath that they had seven also.
Frankie Lyman and teenagers for that idiot who's obsessed who wants to do Frankie Lyman's body.
The zombies five, band or a nomenade five, that really just amazes me.
I'm really happy to see that there are four other people out there.
In fact five, because I didn't get to vote for that.
With good taste.
Crazy horse five and the Thompson twins had three out of over 15 her votes.
Pretty good pull.
And tomorrow we'll like to do a little, a while I want to say.
I say tomorrow then to be calling in for that.
Oh yeah, don't let that out.
Be the current today, which I almost forgot about since we had the surprise early start time today.
Josie Moran.
Is she kind to like Josie Wales in the outlaw and all of that the outlawed Josie Burid?
May 8th 1978, birthday.
It makes her 26 born in Menlo Park, California.
I didn't know there was a Menlo Park, California.
I thought Menlo Park was in New Jersey.
You know it is.
The Wizard of Menlo Park was my time as Edison.
The only one I heard of but what do we do?
Well, there you go.
There's a Menlo Park, California.
Menlo Park is in New Jersey, isn't it?
Where Edison was born?
I don't know.
You don't know.
I don't know.
Don't know from Jersey.
Here's some of the films you just completed the Aviator.
She was in the little black book Van Helsing.
But it's exactly.
Swatters.
The Mallory Effect.
Awww!
Notable TV guest appearances.
1994 Howard Stern playing herself.
Twice.
She did it twice.
She played herself.
I'm not saying the thing about that.
Back in the day I might have it, but now I just bite my tongue and move right on.
Letting discretion be the better part of valor because we can't say f***ing shmit.
Here's the pool today.
I had another one earlier which Eric could tell you but changed my mind.
Well, here's before I get to this pool because we got nothing but time today.
Boy, this is like I'm not used to this at all.
I know what we do.
We can just relax and sit back and take our time.
Like all these other days when we're rush trying to do a four hour show in about two and a half hours.
That's okay.
Hello.
Oh, not again.
Oh, that's okay.
I'm not.
I can handle it.
Okay.
Just relax.
Don't care how panicky.
Because I know what that is.
What I'm going to do just a minute.
Bitch better have my money.
Okay, no wait.
Oh, you can't even hardly hear me now, right?
Right.
But you hear me some.
I hear you some.
Because they did the bypass on the way.
Now process here.
Now go there.
Because that's where the problem is.
Now hoping that that didn't start up all over.
I'll have to.
Huh?
No.
I'm serious because they don't have to go in the back and like reset that thing and kill me.
I'm going to.
Anyway, regarding the pool, here's the practices.
The monkeys do belong on the pool.
Actually, if anyone in the rock and roll community has been underrated not taken seriously with the monkeys, they did make a lot of good music in spite of your outrageous comments.
They had a fight for the right to play in the recordings.
They've played in their third album and future recordings as well.
They played their instruments at their concerts in the 60s.
I've seen them in the later years and Mickey Dolan's played the drums and guitar.
Peter Dork, the banjo bat, vape, a bass bass.
Electric guitar and keyboards.
And yes, David Jones, the tambourine and guitar as well.
I wonder if he played a green tambourine or a, I heard he played a mean tambourine, David Jones.
And he always looked like he never bathed.
I don't know why.
Chris McNasmith and Twork were always known as the musicians of the group and that is absolutely correct.
But that of course it's as wide would you have Frankie Lamentini just on the list.
Don't blame me for that.
That was that guy who gets very insistent right.
Or else he's going to kill himself.
Today's pool, unless you get the thing goes off, you know when that happens where I get like too loud.
I see.
Now I don't think it's going to happen again.
Because I'm going to way away from my house.
Is this okay?
Huh?
I'm going to get way away because when I do that, like since this equalizes stuff.
But what I think the thing is going to burn out because the engineer told me that these things he surprised last to this long.
So get ready with some cash down there because this equipment has been really fine in the studio.
But I think I heard one of them whispering overnight.
I'm dying over here.
Okay, here's the appolder.
Who is your, I don't think we really did this before.
You're insisting that we did.
We did the favorite guy.
We did a big argument over here.
If we did do this while it was a long time ago, right?
Okay.
Wasn't it?
It was a long time ago.
At least three weeks.
Who is your all-time favorite movie character?
I have two Howard Beale from Network.
Everybody should know that.
I'm going to smash the channel.
I'm going to smash the channel.
And John Corleone from...
You're going to smash the man.
What's the man on the channel?
The odd father.
All-time favorite movie character.
Not the actor.
Not the...
You know, it should be pretty straightforward.
Right.
It should be the easy character.
But you never know what this crowd.
1027 at 5.60.
QAM.
The hour's stranger.
The eroters.
Mornings in the day.
And...
And...
And...
And...
And...
And...
And...
And...
And...
And...
Beale.
Jaz!
You ya'll.
All right, all you young whipper sabers out there.
Bob Dole...
Is in the house.
Now, as you know, Bob Dole does not believe in negative campaigning.
It never had, never well.
Oh, sure.
The fact remains that Jon Curie would rather see people die,
because his health care plan has all screwed up.
Bob Dole does not believe in negative campaigning and never have and never well
Probably already know that John Kerry has every work for in this country worried because they're gonna lose their jobs
And out of any food put on the table to feed their families because he's got a stupid right economic plan
John Kerry is the fine man. He's a fine politician a love him like a brother
But he knows playing damn well
I can't run a country as well as George Bush as education plans to make our children slower than molasses and wineries
And a screw up the environment and a lot of all kind of running this country and I'll put it
Osama bin Laden in charge of our national security
But having said all that Bob Dole does not believe in negative campaigning and never have never well
Yes, please a little bit better Bob in the pink to 1032 a five 60 WQ a and here's the facts from Brad
Who's obviously a little just a little bit pork off with me says your way off based on steely Dan. They're great
It's okay. You're allowed to be wrong every now and then says Brad well back at your Brad
Steely Dan is for sueds
Nor are you sick for pseudo intellectual and I guess Brad must be gotten sucked into that whole deal
That's okay. Like you said everybody's entitled right they had a couple of okay songs until they played them five thousand times
You can stay but are we out of gas? I think if you steely Dan, I think they are the gas. I could be wrong
Yeah, I think so now let me just also say this I don't want to like be a troublemaker, but
You see there's there's another thing with this whole Greg read this insanity this madness of radio inconsistency
Which is a name of the game on QA now?
And the Moe is gonna be back on again mad dog a two moe how are you David at four?
Oh
Vanished angolburg vanished and vanquished at four then we got the Marlins on decades 630 a very very atrocious performance yesterday at the ballpark
They should have stayed in Chicago
Paralysis I said it'd be a sweep, but I never dreamed that the expose would do it
You realize how many games the marlins have lost to Montreal this year? I would say
Too many
So they're gonna be shot 705 at the state of the night at a K. Only 12,000 some odd
Combined that was the total attendance for the double head of yesterday
Another three and a half out of the wild card, but going in the yesterday will be a couple of games out
They have been winning like almost every day the marlins for quite a while or how does it pistol and only 12,000 people show up?
Must have been a hurricane the threat of the hurricane
Yeah, that's good excuse well, we're pretty close to mobile
But what I was starting to say is that the audience the near-riders audience now probably isn't the habit of tuning it about 10 30 10 45
They have no idea what time this show starts
So on these rare days like the dual holidays and the 85 weeks vacation all of a sudden it's certain gets and they play the best of tapes and they end red around 10 o'clock
You've got a run saying those see that's where you're wrong
They can't even say it and they enjoy the last few minutes of the Howard Stern show
I see you to come on. No, no, we don't it's not the certain mysteries. They aren't with us
They're just wherever the hell else and then they keep you know and hopefully they'll keep a time dial and then turn in and tie them all with us
But I don't know that's stirred listeners
You'll need well no we have a cross over there
But we got about 60 70% of the audience who doesn't listen to Stern and those people have no idea what time the show starts
I just mentioned these things and just sneaking out a lot of that's all because nothing's ever gonna change with Greg Reed because he's gone over the age
He's like
Certifiable at this point crazy than a bed bug
If he had any brains the Humper would be back on well, you know something now
Let me ask you is Mohawis David actually gonna be out there. We had a change on that is Clarence there today
Didn't you just get the next week's schedule facts here?
Next week's schedule, I mean I never looked at it scheduled you should oh
It's got Mohawis David on there again every day
So no, there's a Humper's not back next week either
No
Jesus
It's just unbelievable Jesus Christ the only good news about next week's schedule is Monday
The Marlins have a double header with the Cubs starting at 105 at the ballpark and it's 12 30 is the pregame show
The warlins on direct at 12 30 on Monday, so that's good news
But you know, I would be more than happy to work the extra time
Go to on Monday if we can have the Humper back
That don't look like he's gonna be back next week either
So like I said, we're just spastic. I'm in birsen who really invited vibe because I've never worked on a radio station that was so
just blatantly
Inconsistent I mean consistencies that in the game and broadcasting and we are just exactly the opposite but at any rate
I'll take the money. Thank you
Ralph Nader. Here's the bad news. Can stay on Florida's Bell
We headed on our website the yesterday they took him off and now he's back on again on again off again in again in and out in and out
Ralph Nader can stay on Florida's Bell at least till the end of the week when the state Supreme Court will make a final decision on his attempt for
Running as the reform party nominee he had to go to reform the school as we're here to go reform school for pop is old ass whites
The high courts this evening yesterday came about an hour after circuit judge
Peek Evan Davy ordered that need to be removed from the November ballot because the reform party is not a legitimate party under state law
The state Supreme Court will hear arguments on the issue tomorrow and said it would settle a controversy before the Saturday deadline for
Mailing absentee ballots overseas were on the ballot were just not going anywhere
It said Teresa Amato Nader's campaign manager
I wonder if she's came to Joe Demado from a pompadopart
Democrats have sued to keep Nader off the ballot arguing the reform party is no longer a legitimate national party
And that Florida election laws requiring minor candidates to qualify by petitioner through a nominee convention word followed
Joe Demado a pompadopart. I remember one very embarrassing episode involving our friend fat rich
Yeah, because Joe Demado was holding his little daughter
infant daughter, and that Joe happens to be an old conquer but in any way he had this little girl and fat rich went by and said oh
I'm gonna keep that is that your granddaughter would a cute little girl. No, it's my daughter
Kind of embarrassing in it
That's fat rich for you man. Always got the big mouth man. I was sticking both feet in it
Democrats is sued to keep Nader off the ballot arguing the reform party is no longer a legitimate national party and that
Florida election laws requiring minor candidates to qualify by petitioner through a nominee convention were not followed
The law suit is part of a national effort by Democrats to keep Nader off ballots in stateswork at seven votes off
See it again like I told George before to show this morning. I'm a flame
Ralph Nader I blame those idiots out there and some of them are listening to us right now who are who voted for him last time and
It's plan to do it again. How the excuse last time was that well
He wants to get enough votes so the green party qualifies to be on the ballot
They're gonna have all these candidates and they're gonna run from Congress actually
Everyone's in all that right. Well guess what did it happen? No did he get enough votes to qualify?
No and so he's the green party said this time bye-bye Ralph get lost
So what's he accused this time?
Because the reform party of course was Ross Piro and then it was Pat Buchanan
You can't tell me you can't tell me the Ralph Nader is supporting that hooded freak
Who's a moderate now by comparing yeah right, but never less still a hooded freak sure
Elmer says please add Alex the large
Hey, that Elmer I think I'll go for six double five feet two one from a clockwork run during your pull
He also says most deals suck
And what was that thing hanging down there if I table with the prison Alex and it was basil the snake. Oh, was it
Very impressive and anyway, there's another one for the pool. We better get a hold on
Because all we got right now is just you know
Do we we got that one on there John De Holyoney nine Howard Beale network for your favorite character from a movie
I really don't think we did this
We did
We have it's gotta be a long time ago a long enough WQ a and hello
Yeah, I got a suggestion for the poll. Yes, sir
Who is it?
I'm sorry
me
Now it's been literally what no Gus
I can't understand where he's sitting I'm playing the title. I mean I didn't know those are West
Yeah, he said no I think she's a very
Girl out there in our separate this character
We got it. Yeah, I was so pleased that Fiko was a pork to offer me last time must
I must have finally after all these years gotten through to him that I can't stand in my head as much as everybody else you
Freak you idiot you bastard you you bitch not bastard. I take that back a bitch
Leave it to Greg read to put a hateful bitch at the reception desk answering the phone meeting and reading the public
That's how we put our worst foot forward for the public. It's the Greg read fn. Way. That's why he's got people surrounding him like the water Nazi and little Maddie Bell
WQ a hello
Good morning, just me. Yes, sir. Hey, if you're serving I want to think of blue door for madam will house
Okay
All right, you serve it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You have a wonderful day and happy new year
Animal house that's number one in this cloud make no mistake about it in between watching
Rewards of Jerry Springer and the more povics there watching reruns of animal house over and over it
Speaking of the animals and Eric Verden right right that should be our slogan on QM all the animals all the time and the monkeys
They should have been on the pool. Yeah, you're right. They would have a lot of vote. Yes
I mean, they were no are you a speed wagon? Oh, but then who is WQ I am hello
You yes, sir. Yeah, once in a while. Okay, the butcher from gang's in New York
But you're from gangs in New York. Yep. Okay, let me go. Thank you there. So you got it the butcher from gangs in New York
We got how about the Baker in the candlestick maker
No, they were so good
Two Americans and Brett kidnapped all our inner spurs because we had a lot of whole pile of stuff
But at the same time we want to get a lot of names on the pool and do it as soon as possible so that people can start voting because if they don't see one
If they like on there, they're gonna sit back. They're gonna lay out
Right when a doctor will lay out
Two Americans and a Brit were seized by a group of kidnappers from their home in central Baghdad early of the day in Iraqi
Ministry of Interior spokesperson told CNN. They certainly not news network
Earlier the ministry said all three were Britain nationals the US embassy and oh, maybe you come in but they're looking into it
The three were at their home which also serves the offices of Al Khalid services company in the upscale all-months
Suridists were for central Baghdad the identities have been released
The facility did not have a guard posted at the time
And they were sitting in the abduction appeared to be carefully planned she said there's usually one day guard the residents one night guard
No shots were fired and they took them out of there
National hockey league locks out the players like a big surprise Gary Bedman
You make me sick. I wonder if they're showing that thing under again on leafstee. We know they're not they're showing some boring
Yeah, I have a player of grunt burns who yeah, but we don't care
Oh, but it just tears your kiscus out and then Bob good now comes on air
Wow, you know the players are only making like 40 50 million and all this other crap
And I say that I'll play on all of them the hell with all of them. I'm sick and tired of of
Expressing the players. I can't handle it most of these guys couldn't spell their name if you stuck a gun up their ass
No shots no saves no goals it says miss article in the Sun Central today the national hockey league locked out its players yesterday
It's right name to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004 2005 season and maybe even beyond
And never by management to gain massive economic change they want a salary cap and Bob good no from the players union says salary cap
Salary cap. That's all they want to sell right there. No chance no fn. Wait
There we go. I just don't want to talk about it. I tried telling you don't send them your money
I did not try to out in that many many times
No, I never heard that they keep sending all these solicitation letters. They want your money
They want your money. It's gonna be a great season and we got a new coach and we brought my keenan back because he was so crappy
The first time this time we made him GM because we owe him a lot of money. I heard the papers can't lose this season
Yeah, they won't lose the game this season. I'm defeated
Let's see here's Lena who says now
What did she scratch out on the bottom of this someone? I don't know don't you always wonder when people scratch
I do and make sure that you can't read whatever they wrote. I think Venus
I know you're listening to you. I'll fact you scratched off at the top two
It seems as though the American people have forgotten that Paul Wolfowitz had said that saving the Iraqi people from Sodom was saying
Wasn't reason enough to warn the war and that boy said with certainty that Sodom had weapons of mass destruction
How could so many people support a president who lied and took the US into a costly unnecessary war in Iraq?
George Bush must go and the people need to wake up understand that the poor will get poor in the rich good Richard if God for many wins in November
Oh god, there's Lena of course Lena is absolutely correct and thank God for Dan rather and CBS
As all I can say because they don't care whether the documents were real or forged because that broad that old bag
They had on last night who was the secretary for that dead
What's his name Jerry Kimmel?
Kimmering what was that Kimmel?
Detective Kimmelman from the exorcist
DJ Cobb remember that was that his name I forgot
Come on get with it and anyway
She says regardless of whether they were the original documents or not what was in them was exactly correct and Bush
What he was a wall man?
He was a drunk. He was a log on a hold. I got a great story a little later
Long it's on our website, but I'm gonna read the whole thing why Bush left Texas from Russ Baker in the nation. Oh, I love it
I'm getting ready to squeeze myself. I'm so excited about that story
5670560 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines
You're all time favorite movie character. That's our poll question today. We need about three 400 more for the uphold to make it a worthwhile list
WQA and hello
Yes, yeah, I got one football. Okay. How about dirty Harry?
Dirty Harry sounds like a wiener to me. Okay, thank you. I love caramel California. I'll tell that even though
Has nothing to do with dirty hair. It has to be clenese with dirty. Harry did really well the last time with the pistol
Paymask before me. We did this pull before huh? We did. It's a long time ago. I mean if I forgot it
Huh, you know who else did really well? Who's that?
Darth Vader. Oh, well, might as well put him on there right now. Okay. I mean the obvious ones might as well put him on there already
Obviously and there's something else so obvious, but I voted for Alex the large
He worked well. Alex the large and of course we could put other godfather characters on there like you know who I am
I'm both green. I made my bone when you were going on with cheerleaders. Although I do like Jack was pretty good
But I mean can you stop your mic, right?
He was good. I saw a movie with him. Oh, what the hell was it?
Really obscure movie with him several weeks ago. I forgot to mention it
Because I have never seen him in anything else. I don't think
And he played the same
Oh, I know what it was. Well, I was talking about it yesterday the movie where the kid comes home from Vietnam and he's really dead and
He was like a zombie Jacob's ladder. Yeah, right and he's surviving off the blood of other people and he played the father
His acting was so bad. No one of they stuck the horses head in his bed. His acting was so bad man
movie couldn't believe it. It was like a great Z movie. Somebody will know what that movie was really bad
WQA and hello hi on connoial. Yes, sir
I've got a couple for you
I'm about door seen
Yeah, and
Magnolia is one of my favorite movies
The the braces guy not the bartender, but the one I wanted to break
Baaaaaaanyng yeah, I don't know what his name was. We'll figure it out
Thank you. What's going on your list here today? No, we should have been
Well, we're squeezing it. Thank you. Let's put it in the tent because you were playing a squeeze song before the show
Yes, I was what uh you better remember his name
No, you're missing the point
What's the name of the actor from laughing? I can't think of what his name is. I was
Isn't that what he was from oh
Oh, no, it wasn't from laughing. It was uh, well, well, where do you make macy? Yes, it was
I'm sorry. Well, I'm losing it. Oh, no, I'm sorry. Why because I'm no I'm thinking of the other guy in the bar
That's what I'm thinking of was from laughing the other guy. Yes
He was already Johnson, but the other guy now the other guy from life and I can't think at any rate where do you make macy?
In Magnolia we don't know what the name of the character was. We'll just go
We're gonna get a macy mode, huh? It won't get a single vote if you don't know the name of the kind
If you don't know the name of the guy and you'd like to movie
Are you saying that the people in the audience didn't like Magnolia? Is that what you're trying to say? I'm saying
Is that what you're trying to know? That is song of dance. No, I don't know who you guys didn't like that. It's me
His name was quiz kid Donnie Smith. There you go. How do you know that? Did you look it up? Yeah, yeah, quiz kid Donnie Smith and Magnolia right
That is amazing. That's absolutely correct
And he sat there with the bartender all those boring stories about how he was a quiz kid and he was a genius in the Audi Audi
And that's why we became a flaming queen and it was a head of the hearts of the bartender
And I'll tell you one thing we should be all right
We should have had the sequel because I will guarantee that if you ever got those braces
I
Need closure on that storyline damn it. Oh, yeah. If you ever got those braces
He'd be in a tight embrace with that bartender. I guess it's just as well
The date I'm going to take the flow is that storyline
I think we got to play super trampolines
Okay
I think this weekend I'm gonna watch that again. It's a long movie, but I just I'm obsessed with that movie
And then even Tom Cruise is good at that you know had to be great
Right, well he can act occasionally once in a while rainman was excellent or nothing nothing not to like about that movie and his performance in that movie
It was great right? Fort on the 4th of July great for right he was good in that
And I'm gonna say excellent performance right and that would be don't push it too far. That's
Stop in there. Somebody QA Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yeah. Hey, it's Kevin. How are you great Kevin? Listen? I have two for your poll
Okay, okay. The first one is force gum. Oh
God, you don't like them. Okay. How about George Bailey from Miss a wonderful life
Still sucks, okay? Okay. Thanks. Thanks. I'm gonna go news. Wow
George Bailey I wonder if he's keen to build Bailey from
W a K wine Louisville beetle Bay on WLS and beetle Bailey and Jack Bailey from Vernon Downs and Jack Bailey from
What I was able to show with the main coats on a hundred years ago the first show I don't know queen for a day. Oh come on
That wasn't the one with the good main coats. That was with Randy Miriam in the big payoff
5 6 7 4 I'm telling you my mind is sharp today. Yeah, I know what it is. I appreciate it. It must have been that ice cream
I had yesterday. Oh
Rocky Road
favorite character and the do Fresny from the Shawshank Redemption. Why am I to watch that you know, okay?
All different characters you're digler. Yeah, don't just let them present that way.
From 49th or digler from Adam the a macho lifeguard. Yeah, macho my ass. Okay, Adam. Oh yeah. If they're ever
I think he likes to go on its macho lifeguard
Just ask a little screamer from a bay watch
The homogen name little friends the French one
Kelly Slater
Kelly Slater was doing Pamela Anderson. Thank you. That's why he looks so bad now
Think it must have rubbed off
Don't forget look for the QA and Van Noon to two today at the Wendy's at 8100 north west
33rd Avenue in Hylia stop by to win prizes and registered to win a Honda Civic hybrid from the South Florida
Commuter Services. How come I can't say that I have no idea
And five to seven to seven the event will also be out at Publix at 1305 North University driving Coral Springs
Look for the Rock Green light beer display rock solid in the spin the QM wheel for some really crappy embarrassing prizes because we just are
Cheapest can be tight as a snare drum
So no Hank next week either how long starting to get really
Aggravated about this whole deal and I guarantee the audience ain't happy about it either and the sponsors see if you're a sponsor
By the Hank Obergs show and all of a sudden you wind up with
That you're thinking well, this is kind of like a bait and switch, you know when you say
It's something and since that article by either very jaguar was very jackass and must have been on Saturday said that the Humper
Starting October 1st. He's going to be able to talk to other stations
That doesn't sound too promising to me. Does it to you?
No, I still think the whole thing is about to fact that most got a year and a half left on his deal
I think contract expires October 1G
And the beesleys are too damn cheap to pay Moffat year and a half so that they'll dispense with a Humper and they'll send him across the street
And he'll bury their ass in the afternoon and then they'll keep Mo on there and he'll continue doing his
Oh God we are doomed man. Just like Roby Young said in that phone booth. We are doomed. What a profit
Yeah, nothing that happens in a phone booth. Okay, they're dust and hopman farts in it or
Roby Young makes some kind of a wild hysterical message in
Somebody QA him. Hello. Hi, I'm speaking. Speaking. I know that a lot about actual foley for Beverly Hills cop
Axel what?
Axel Foley Beverly Hills cop. Axel Foley Beverly Hills cop. You got it. Oh yeah, that's my favorite. Not your favorite
Sure. Yeah
Yeah, Axel Foley
5, 6, 7, 7, we're asking them. Okay, I know asking what have you put it on there with great these people this crowd
Who is your all-time favorite movie character not actor not actress not uh
Carried the least he didn't say actual rose. How come you didn't put Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz on here?
I think Josh missed it when we said that when he said that he don't know he didn't even know who Dorothy was
He thought they were talking about Dorothy kill gallon that the Dorothy have a last name in that movie
Now she doesn't need a last name. I'm just curious. Just to put it on the pole. I don't I don't know
Well, I've rendered how many years since I've seen the day I was in a vise. I don't know if you watch it every week long before you were born
All those foley monkeys 51 votes don't corleon it got five or 22. How do you like that man? Of course. This is a very hey godfather
Thank Josh. It's Dorothy Gale
It's a little weak
That's what you're wearing as though we saw
better side
Yeah, yeah
That was the same right swear
I'm a shoulder man grandchildren
I will not be in what the break to please sweet man
Okay rest in peace Marlon. Yes indeed. Don Corleone 25 Dirty Heritage 7
Mundo from Animal House 7 Ace Ventura. I didn't even know we had that one from Ace Ventura pet effective
Pet defective
Uh, how would bele from that was got six
Alex the large from clockwork orange and forward the Farge large Darth Vader Star Wars has won bill the butcher from gangster New York one and no
Vos yet for the other ones including force take a dump
Chris Kiddani Smith and Magnolia
Yeah, who the hell was the other I'm gonna have to look it up
Bokeh Brian should know how come he's that I don't want Bokeh Brian's help on this okay leave Molo and he might be doing something
Constructor for the show
Let's see Maddie the Sigathi
Man on the roof
I'll find it for you only a max yes. Oh, hey, perfect max from that that's a hell in there. All right that backs
From Lamar
What am I looking for oh Magnolia
The magic of lassi before I missed that one damn. I better go out and get that this weekend
Magnolia okay Tom Cruise Julian more she was great. I love her
Jason Robards Philipsy more often is great with him. He's made Seamalinda Dylan
uh Luis Guzman Philip Baker Hall Alfred Molina Michael Henry Gibson there you go
Why can't I remember his name I don't know why I remember Ruth Busy
Yeah, well, I'll put on the talking you forget her angel and fluke
Yeah, I'm Goldie Han right from a laughing. Well, now how do you know laughing?
That's long before your time. Oh, it was a little child sit not a rug watching laughing sure. Here. Your arms
Right
See that's what the FCC would like radio to be like Gary Owens like the character he played in life
We just hand over the year in the end for the world and seeing how impressive we can be you ask wipes you 10 56
Oh, I'm just said this he's working on it
ass-white
She fakes orgasms I fake for play
All right, the L is already to answer your questions
Uh, here is a fp. L. Spokesman. You'll be killed a lot
I can assure you
What's the reason you turn the power off before the storm hit?
You have a damn
Oh, yeah
But I was avoiding you
I
I'm going to show you what they're doing everything we can.
Can I go home now?
I like the closest press conference.
I am asking on no slog in the far off of the post office.
So, sunshine and decadent.
It's a level two of five 60 WQM.
Just looking at our website, I see that Eric must have ensnused a little bit
because we still have last nights, I thought that maybe the hurricane center made a mistake,
but they don't make mistakes.
Just in the tracking they make mistakes badly.
But it's a tropical storm gene.
And I look at that, it's 11 p.m. last night.
The new deal is out.
11 a.m. advisory from the hurricane center.
And it does say hurricane genes.
So let's get that right, Eric.
We don't want to be pushed or anything like that.
But get it right already, fatso.
And it's not any closer now.
In fact, it's a little further east to track than it was before.
But if you want to panic or right ahead because we have a lot of practice last few weeks.
I'd love to talk this morning, Governor of the Bahamas issued a hurricane warning for the
South Eastern Bahamas, including the Acton's crooked island, the Inagüas,
Maegwana, and the ragged islands as well as the Turks and Kekos islands.
I'd love to talk this morning since repeated same thing.
Hurricane Watch for the central Bahamas, including Cat Island, the Exuma's Long Island,
Rum, Case, and Salvador.
Hurricane warning remains an effect to the...
I'd like to talk to the public of Dominican, from Puerto Plata to Islas,
Sauna.
And, well, Haiti and all this other stuff, or they can't hear us anyway.
Hurricane Watch remains an effect along the northern coast of the Dominican Republic,
west of Puerto Plata, westward to Madre Cristo, and still one of them sandwiches.
And along the southern coast of the Dominican Republic from Islas,
Sauna, westward to San Diego.
And I'd love to talk to the center of Hurricane Gene was located in your latitude,
18.8 North, longitude 68.7 West, or about 80 miles east northeast of San Diego,
and La República de Vinicana.
A west north...
It's some moving just north of the west near San Diego, and a west northwest most
expected over the next 24 hours.
On the forecast track, the center of Gene's expecteder may near or just inland of the northern coast
of the Dominican Republic for most of the next 24 hours.
Maximum sustained winds near 80 miles an hour with higher gusts,
and the central pressure is 986 millibars, not that impressive, when you say?
That's a kind of like a girly hurricane after the other stuff we've been going through.
Oh, and you'll be pleased that the New Orleans is still there, and Rick Sanchez is getting blown away in mobile.
Here's two more for the poll, two obvious ones.
Get taken a sweaty person.
I've got two more for your poll.
Wait a minute, how about Santino?
Do we have Michael on here? I don't know if we have anything with Michael.
We have to.
Oh, yeah, keep going.
And I don't want anything to happen to him while his mother is still alive.
Tell you who goes fishing and says if you hail Mary's ghost, they show you.
If you say that, hail Mary's.
Michael Corleone and Hannibal Lecter, two very good ones.
Thank you, Steve, excellent choices.
Apparently you're having the same thing with your pages reloading an old thing.
Again, you got to tear your cash or something because everybody else is in the...
I don't care. I already checked it on a hurricane center on the NOAA thing.
But he knows that.
Correct on the website.
When I want to know what's happening on the ark, I take a look at NOAA
and don't get all bent out of shape. Eric just relax.
Okay? Eat a couple more Monte Cristo sandwiches and just calm down.
Oh, Inspector Cusso from the Pink Panther.
Peter Sellers.
And some of his greatest rules, although he had some other good ones.
James Bond, let's see, can't make up my mind between Randall McMurphy
once we were over the cook business.
Got to have that on there.
At its side.
Or James Bond.
McMurphy.
From all of those...
Stop third man!
James Bond movies.
Of course we could find out.
And I see there's a problem there.
You do understand what the problem with James Bond thing is.
That's why we had the argument before.
Is it?
James Bond is...
We don't have a way James Bond is talking about.
That would be like saying...
Right.
I'll give you another one.
Sherlock Holmes.
See, the breakdown that we had was over the definition of the word character.
There's only one character, but many portrayals of the same character.
Right.
Yeah, it's the worst.
Right.
So it's portrayals of the word, but only one James Bond, only one Sherlock Holmes.
Yeah.
Okay, and of course in my mind, this is how the one that's making the poll,
we're talking about the definitive one, because it was only...
Razzle backbone was the definitive Sherlock Holmes.
All these other fakers.
Oh, but they're like wonder if what are the fakers?
Yeah, like the voice of the character.
Right.
And James Bond.
James Bond could be either one.
You know, either one or whatever.
Just James Bond, they know that they know.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Rory Breaker from Lockstock.
And he has a smoking barrel.
That's like a two-exercure now.
Well, that's what it says here.
Put it on there.
Lockstock and bagels.
And Alonzo and I have a bad guy character in training day.
Alonzo Harris from training day.
Got it?
We got it.
And here's one they love ET on the EQ.
So he's gonna be one of PUK.
The 5607-0560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
Your favorite all-time movie character.
WDQA, hello.
Hey, me, Alonzo Sargent-Holkoff from the movie Stripes.
Okay.
Yeah, you remember him?
Yes, I do.
Sargent-Holkoff is big toe.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Just calm down.
How about Phil Silver's?
So WQA, hello.
Yeah, sir.
I got one for you.
Okay.
Clark Griswald from vacation.
Clark Griswald from vacation.
You see that?
And also Terminator.
Okay, thanks.
Did I do that?
Did I miss something?
Vacation?
Did you see it?
It was all right.
And it's day.
I'm good at reporting.
You can see her moves in that movie.
Don't care.
WDQA, hello.
I do.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
I got to say George is doing a great job.
Did a great job over the summer.
Thank you.
Fantastic job.
I'm appreciated by Greg Reen who is an axiomurter.
Yes, go ahead.
And thank you for the tease that you might be sending your contract.
Oh, yeah, especially when I'm seeing this Humphor stuff.
I'm thinking, I'm not so sure about that.
Oh, please.
I don't even know who he is.
How do you like the way this screwing over the people on the station, man?
Everything is up in the air.
I can't get any answers from anybody about anything.
And this man needs mental help, this Greg Reen.
He's an impediment to all of our lives.
It's horrible.
I turn in a pen to try and listen to you.
Stirn as impossible.
The way they cut him out.
That's a very comoset.
He's impossible.
But I'd like to ask your poll.
Nurse ratchet.
Nurse ratchet.
I'll hook his nest.
Do you want to mind?
I'm married.
Do you understand?
Have a great day, Charlie.
I love when he was just choking her in her eyes.
Her eyes were like, just like Marty Feldman eyes, like Barbara Bush.
They were poppins right out of it.
She was a great character.
If she didn't scare you one sight, the first time you saw that movie,
Louis Flutcher, right?
Yes indeed.
Yeah.
The major blood run cold for the moment you saw her.
Mm-hmm.
I want my syngos ratchet.
He was good too, and I want to put him on there.
I thought it was his name, Mr. Cheswick.
Well, since we're doing characters, we don't have to really.
Yeah, Cheswick from McCoop was next.
How about the chief?
Juicy fruit?
Air planes passed dangerously close to each other in the,
at least five instances after a computer failure knocked out radio contact
between pilots and air traffic controllers across the West yesterday.
Two flights to doing the outage on Tuesday were almost near mid-air collisions
said, harness Garaga Fari, local president of the National Air Traffic Control
is association.
I'm a little nervous about that.
We got a guy who's the local president, the air traffic controllers,
whose name is Tommy Garfari.
Uh-oh.
Three workers filed injury claims saying they were traumatized by seeing flights
veered toward one another on radar without being able to do anything.
FAA representatives did not immediately respond to repeated calls for comment
on Garfari's remarks or is that Gaffery?
Airport operations are back to normal yesterday following the radio failure
at the FAA Center at Palm Day, North of LA.
On Tuesday, hundreds of flights were grounded,
prepped about three hours at airports in the early region,
northern California and Nevada.
They had some several linear misses as well as they had.
Well, it makes them more exciting, I guess, huh?
When you look after them doing, wow, look how close that thing is.
You can all reach out there and touch the wing.
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
A.M.E.L.?
Yes, sir.
How about Tarzan and uh, T.W. Herman?
T.W. Herman is the character?
Yes, he is.
Yeah, okay, thank you.
He is a character?
That's his character name.
His real name is Paul Rubens, as you know.
He created the character, P.V. Herman,
so that he could be in movies and does the show.
Yeah, but he's a guy, even though it's his uh...
Okay, whatever you say.
Tarzan, Ron Ealy, he was Jewish.
Why?
Why is it that I don't like him?
There's something about him.
I don't remember what it was.
Because he's ugly, he can't act other than that.
Can he do some bad infomercial or something like that?
He was just everything that he did was bad.
Bann, he'd be banned.
How does bad is Michael Jackson, but he was banned.
And T.W. Herman, the character, the uh...
Yeah, we did.
He made movies, T.W. He did make movies?
Two.
How far did it just hit T.W. Geek?
No, the movies were uh... actually okay.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM, it is one of those times
when a lot of you might need help fast because all this hurricane stuff we've been going through.
Thankfully, Dolomath is delivered the same day you call them all across South Florida.
When you call 1-800-Matricio-Tuton the deepest and widest selection of betting all available for same day delivery,
call 1-800-Matric right now for factory direct prices and immediate delivery,
and you still pick that two or a window to fit your schedule when you want them to show up and guess what they do.
Dolomath is on time 9-9.7% of the time.
Dolomath is the right number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourism Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-Matricio-Tuton,
they complete line of CLE, surda, king coil, Simmons, temperpede, and even,
Sterns and bananas foster too.
I wonder if I'd like bananas foster better than the Monte Cristo sandwich.
I guess maybe I'll try them both.
Huh? Sipa-Hitch?
Everyone here is called 1-800-Matricio-Tuton.
I've been calling him for years and you ought to be doing the same.
You can go to your betting department stores, get ripped off waste a lot of time and gas work up a sweat,
or just sit there on your ass and make that one easy call for the best mattress deal all the way around.
Log on to their website mattress.com
or just pick up that phone, make that one simple call at 1-800-Matricio-Tuton.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You are simply new to new Rogers.
It's collocively un-fifx-c-k-a-m-a-m.
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
No.
No.
All right.
Bye-bye, Belly.
Bye-bye, Belly.
Bye-bye, Belly.
Bye-bye, Belly.
Bye-bye, Belly.
Bye-bye, Belly.
Now you're the boy, not a face in his head.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, a l latency play is so really crazy, water will melt Die Me Yea Home Which Sounds Corfront Overwhelmer The characters will die in hell, no point of enjoying the Srini graphics
Love it 17, I don't see no Sherlock Holmes on Apple, do you?
No, but I could be wrong.
Do you see James Bond?
Look again.
Well, you know, he could only touch so fast.
Come on, let's get woods with their, Josh, whenever you name it.
Here you go, the character Peter Sennler's played opposite Shirley McClain in being there.
That was absolutely right.
His name was James.
Right, that's right.
But they were calling him Chuncy Gardener.
Right.
But his real name was Chun.
Yeah, but we don't care about his real name.
Chuncy Gardener in being there.
That's the name you want.
That's what people know.
Cool hand look as played by Paul Newman indeed.
Raymond, Raymond, there's played by Dustin Hoffman.
Hoffman.
That's a good one.
There's Tony Montana from Scarface.
And Trent Walker, a play by Vince Vaughan Swimmers.
And Banky Edwards, Jason Lee and Chaseing In.
Got those?
No, I'll give Josh the stack of facts.
There'll be other facts as Nick and Peruzantake is timing.
You can also look up to see who they are.
No, you've got it already, though.
Chuncy Gardener.
Yes.
See now that you see it, it's so easy, you know.
Now that you see it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We'll have a zid in probably a thousand.
About 30,000.
30,000 names of characters on here.
Right?
Yes.
John Crowley on 836.
Well, he's handing Josh the thing here.
Just left it right through the window.
He's headed to a rock and thrown it through the window.
Because that's the way we generally feel about the way things are going
or two of these days.
And like I said, try to get an answer and acknowledge names.
And I bet you that little fake Jew clemency in there today either.
Have you seen him?
No, not today.
Oh, first time.
It's Russia's son and baby.
It's a Jew holiday.
Oh, yeah.
I bet you a lot of these punks haven't been in shul since their bar mitzvah.
But now all of a sudden, oh, if another excuse to screw off today, okay?
In fact, I'm surprised that that professional Zuer-Roberta Grieper was there today.
That is a shocker.
At least one thing.
At least one thing we'll say for that punks.
And I can't say too much.
But at least he's not putting on some phony act about he can't be there because it's a Jew holiday.
I think he's saving his holiday for porn.
No, seriously.
Nice going to Roberta Grieper, okay?
One of these people that isn't screwing off.
I mean, I could have said that.
I'm not working on Russia's son.
I'm Jewish.
Why?
No, Robert does not miss days of work.
Unfortunately, I've been hoping I'd miss about like six, seven hundred for a while.
But no, I tip my head to him if I wore one.
I tip my armor, if it's here, Robert.
You're right, wing self-hating puss.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, this is you.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is Eric, first time call.
I got two questions.
You're one for the panel and one question.
That's Eric, the average movie is Mr. Pee from reservoir dogs.
Mr. What?
Mr. Pee from reservoir dogs, TV show.
Yeah.
That's the best in any movie by far.
Never saw.
I keep debating whether I should see that and every time I ask George, he said don't do it.
So I'm not going to see.
You won't like it.
No, not.
I'm going to be ruled.
All right.
But where's that remote at, you know, you said it was in Coral Springs?
The thing Coral Springs is at 1305 North University Drive at the public's five to seven
a.m.
1305.
Yep.
I was very cool.
Thanks a lot, man.
Please.
Okay, see there, pal.
Here I won't, but somebody will.
Somebody from QAM, which of course means probably Frank or Miguel or one of those guys.
Probably Frank.
Probably Frank, whoever he is.
Heading for long day, however, he is.
As I can't listen to Stern, I listen to Joe Rose in the mornings.
By the way, Joe Rose is on the ticket.
He has spent 7.
90 a.m.
And doing a fine job.
Good man.
Got screwed over badly in Lytu, profusely and strung along by Greg Reed.
I'm serious.
The stuff that's gone on the last several months.
I mean, everything that happened before it, there was 20 of crap, but he's just gone so far
over the edge in trying to undo the crap that he created that it's just like he's like
a mad professor.
It's like giving like a nuclear weapon to a five-year-old kid.
I mean, just incredible the way he's just destroying lives.
And of course, a lot of these people like if he screws over the Humphor and Goldberg doesn't want to come back,
I might have come back.
I don't think he's coming back.
And you want to know why?
No, I don't want to know.
Because I guess, I guess his deal ends October 1.
Am I correct in assuming that I thought it was November, but I guess his contract ends October 1?
I guess, I don't know.
Well, if that's the case, they would have to rewrite a new deal.
And what do you think the chances are him coming back with Greg Reed after the screw it over he's gotten here?
Recently, and several times before when he can go across the street and probably get some big bucks, huh?
He's got his NESPM thing.
He was on ABC and at Racing Day, did a hell of a job.
I just don't understand what this man is doing.
He is screwing everybody.
Even Ron Jeremy never had action like this.
So anyway, this Ed says he's not listening.
He doesn't listen to Joe.
For today's pool, from the movie Renaissance Man, Bill Rago.
Got it?
We got it.
Good.
I never realized, well, I mean, obviously there's 80 billion characters that everybody likes him.
Right?
Right.
Well, good.
That's what we got a long show today.
We got plenty of time to put them all on here.
We got 166 votes already.
Which isn't a big deal, but we got 166 votes.
Don Corleone, 39.
I think it's going to be tough to beat the dawn, absolutely.
We hit him with five shots.
And he's still alive.
He was good too, I'll tell you.
Yep.
So also, oh, he was great.
Dirty Harry, 24, Blue Go for Manimal House, 18, Ace Ben Chura from Penta Take of 13, Howard
Veal from Network, 10.
I'd be remiss every time if I mention them.
I didn't.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
να g ne h a n a g�� n I a g a n it tickled your fancy.
Jing.
Jing.
Jing.
Jing.
Jing.
GiveAMR Range.
Gia of Lackere sensation.
of lands five. Four is dumb. Five. Life is like a box of crap, man, is what it is when
you work for Greg Reed. Michael Corleone for Mad Max Road Warrior IV. Dorothy from the
Wizard of Oz III. Josh Beckett like that movie. Nurse Ratchet from Cookewsnes II. Buffalo
Bill times Lams II. George Billy, it's a wonderful life too. Come on, come on. That is
such a cornball piece of crap. I mean Jimmy Stewart was okay in his own corny way, but come
on. George Bailey. Bill the butcher from Gaines and New York's got a pair. Sherlock Holmes has one.
I bet you Watson's sought. The terminators got one. Clark Rizwald from the Casins got one.
Axel Foley from Beverly Hills Cop has got one and Nunga for any of these others including
Raymond from Rain Man. How is that possible? Well we just put some of these on there, right? Yeah.
That's okay. And Chris Kidani Smith from Magnolia. It's not even worth the look enough,
Lisa. He don't have any. All the characters were great in that movie, right? Yeah, they were.
They were really sensational. But what he makes me see is so fantastic. 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the Verizon wireless and singular wireless lines. WQA and hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing, buddy? Pretty good. All right. How about Jack Torrance from the Shining?
All we're doing, buddy. Somebody would have to name that right.
You got that one already? No, we do not though. All right, actually. Thanks, Pat.
I didn't have a great day. Here's Johnny.
I think he's crazy first, you know, when he came right down with it. Yeah,
it would explain a lot. Yeah. I mean, I like him a lot, but I just think he's an amazing person.
So I don't think he has to do a lot of acting. I think it goes ahead and head.
WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is it an only Charlie day?
WQA and hello. Yes, I like to suggest something to the poll, please.
Sir, how about Jeff Becoley from Mount Fathom?
It's a question. Okay. I'm so wasted. Yeah. Okay. See you.
You got it, Tana? Yes, we do. Just before.
Well, I'm going to make sure because we got 80 million names on this.
Like I said, how about every character from every movie? We'll put it on the poll.
Right. Just go to our end. He'll be there. Just take a few hours. He'll go off the street.
Keep you out of trouble. Keep you out from getting loaded with other hurricane or anybody else.
And it'll be great. Kill a day. Just we'll put the name of every character from every movie that was
ever made. Right. Everyone except for the man who wasn't there because you know,
or how about the clawed reins in the invisible man? Right. Take your same clawed reins as
today. And be careful who you bump either in the hall because it could be clawed reins or it might
be the humber. Okay. I doubt it. Speaking of invisible. Norman Bates in Psycho is played by that
speaker Tony Perkins. Baaaay, man. She's dead though.
Please put Jeff the dude Labowski from the movie The Big Labowski on the poll and George
keeps telling me don't go. Don't go. Don't go. I have never saw that so I don't have any idea.
The Big Labowski. Yeah. The dude Labowski from The Big Labowski.
I don't know. Then we get next to you. I think it was Binerboard kept telling me not to see that.
Oh yeah. I have no idea. How's the Binerboard doing? I don't know.
Oh man. I'll tell you. That'd be a good poll to take.
Who was the, who was the, I don't know how you word it.
The thing, the Binerboard, which of course the thing never officially started even if the water
not. He was going to hire it. It's all your fault. You already has ever saw that thing.
Wasn't he, and he was in the movie the thing, wasn't he? I'm not so sure he had a thing when
you come right down to it. Well, he must not have had something but I don't think it was the thing
that we're thinking about. What is this movie? 27th pass to 11 at 560 WDQM right now.
Armstrong Ford HomeStand once declared their lots and sell off all remaining O4s. Here just
some of the great deals. Wait, nine years. I speak in O4 F-150 pickup. You pay just a dollar
over invoice. New O4 Explorer as you pay again. Just a buck over invoice.
Rangers, Crown Fixed Tourses and Tocuses all waiting for you. It's just one dollar over
invoice only at Armstrong Ford HomeStand. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to
the flow of customers. When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive
tires and batteries for life program. That's right. Tires and batteries for life. The value you get
at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because right now they'll give your free Florida
sun pass with any vehicle you purchase there. If you're pressed for time, no problem because Armstrong
Ford knows your time is valuable. I put them up for shutters and things like that. By the way,
my shutter still aren't up. Call 305-247-5112 shop right over the phone and leave and deliver that new
vehicle right to you at your home, at your office, at your massage parlour wherever you're spending
a lot of time. Armstrong Ford HomeStand locally owned an operator that treats you just like family
I guarantee I'll bet you a great life on it and I'll even throw in clearance. You won't get a
better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch, no full need deals, no VS, just great deals all
the time. Armstrong Ford HomeStand, they're located at 307-25 South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes
south of the 836. So drive a little and save a lot on that new Ford at Armstrong Ford HomeStand.
Check them on the web if you like it. ArmstrongCars.com
So the next time you think you're smarter to be on that show, pop your brains on the couch and
drop your jaw in salute to Mr. Egghead Jeopardy Contestant, a real American hero.
Sorry for the question please. 26th till noon at 560 WQA and once your all-time favorite movie
character that's our full question today, it's a tremendous response, people are just foaming
at the mouth of the butter, right? How about Freddie Krueger's his Bob and Ford Lauderdale?
Yeah, from Nightmare on Elm Street, parts 1 through 600. What's wrong with Freddie Krueger, man?
Look at that, they were still afraid, right? Exactly. 56670560, let's see, I've got too much crap,
but I do want to get all the names on there, okay? Yeah, I want to get all the names on there,
every character in every movie that was ever made, even movies we hated. Because they're actually
asked, there are sometimes movies you don't like all that much, but some of the characters aren't too bad.
You know what I mean? You are correct. Not too often though. Like the QA.
I mean, you know either. Okay? That should be hard to beat a carloan, man, but I got a real good
competition for him. Okay. And that Hannibal Lester, it's either three Hannibal fell into the
lamp or even a great dragon, I mean. He's the character. I've got six. I know he's already on it.
Dad, this is also in the... See, the guy is so emotional about it and you're like,
just putting your pricking as balloon. Hey, let's all enjoy this.
It's a large and in the basket.
Hey, by the way, Joyce, if you want to research ass-wife, just look at the mirror, okay, honey?
That's my best suggestion. Boy, she amazing or what? Does she know her crap?
Who's the QA and? Hello.
Yes, Hal from Space Odyssey. Okay.
Okay.
Great. I love the dialogue, man. Sure.
I wonder how long it took from this film. How many minutes it took to film that thing?
About 30, man.
I thought you'd have to rehearse their lines.
Dursy.
I bet you even hoisted more lines than they had in that movie.
Colonel Kildwar, Robert Duval, the apocalypse now. Robert Duval, we love Robert Duval in this show.
I don't think we have any clips from him, though, do we?
Oh, we have to. We do?
I'm just taking a nap.
I'm looking at what people are talking to him.
Huh? Talking to him.
Why are you talking to something, my friend?
Right. That was Jack Watts talking to him.
I'm going to make so much trouble for you.
Wait. Look at Brass, he's loose with the fishers.
No, that was no, that's a commenza.
Right? Just be in a commenza.
Oh, poorly once a hand, no more.
Poor commensies. I always got to take a leak.
That's what happens when you're fat, eat and drink so much,
I always got to pull over off the road and take a leak.
Well, that was from Dave the cop.
I love the smell of Maypom and more.
Well, that's what it is when your Cardinal friend
Dave, they win every day and they lose once and why
do you depress?
Preemptive paranoia, rice, marine doubt in the times today.
It's on our website.
All this stuff is on our website.
Here's how bad off the Democrats are.
She says they're cowering behind closed doors,
whispering that if it should ever turn out that Republicans are behind this,
it would be so exquisitely Macavellian,
so beyond what Democrats are capable of,
they should just fall to concede the election now
before the Republicans have to go to the trouble of stealing it again.
There's no evidence it's just a preposterous paranoid fantasy at this point,
but it speaks to the genders of the Democrats
that they're consumed with speculation
about where the Carl Roe of the Master of Dirty Tricks and Surrogate Sleeves
could have set up CBS and a down-bolicle preemptive strike
to undermine damaging revelations about Bush 43's
privilege status and banishing act in the National Guard,
and his odd refusal to take is required physical when ordered.
In this vast left-wing conspiracy theory,
Mr. Roe takes real evidence on W. Shurking
and transfers its adokumas doomed to be exposed as phony,
thereby undermining the real goods,
then follows it through third parties to Dan Radher,
who is 41's nemesis on Iran country, a perfect bank shot.
The Secretary for W. Squadron Commander in the Texas Guard told the Times
that the information that the disputed memo is correct,
it's just a memo that seemed fake.
It looks like someone may have read the originals and put that together
to say lucid 86-year-old Mary and Karnax,
who was flown up to New York yesterday by beleaguered CBS news executives.
She told Mr. Radher that
we said it without a hint.
Who would there be?
Oh boy.
Now I may have, like I said,
I have to like throw a break, go back there and shut that baby off.
Well, why did that happen?
I don't know.
It's just one of those things.
I think maybe it's pop it up.
I think maybe the processor is going out.
Yeah?
The equalizer.
Well, anyway, if it does, I'll buy another one.
For them, Shurking not going to wait for them.
She told Mr. Radher that her boss,
Lieutenant Jerry Killian,
wrote a cover-your-back file,
a personal journal,
to keep a record about the politically-connected bushing is charged.
She said the contents of that mirrored the CBS documents,
but she said those documents were not on the right forms
and contained army terms rather than air-national garlingo.
She confirmed that young bushing disavated direct order
from Colonel Killian to take a physical.
It was a big no-no not to follow orders,
she said, adding that the bushings above the rules
added to it caused some stickers
and resentment among fellow officers.
Those who suspect Mr. Rove note that when he was Bill Clement's campaign strategist
in 86 Governor Racer in Texas,
he was accused of bugging his own office to distract from a debate
according to James Moore and Wayne Slater author of Bush's Brain.
They said it turned the election because after that,
the Democrats couldn't get any attention.
It was the same scenario playing out yesterday evening on CNN.
After a five-minute report on the CBS memo controversy,
CNN spent about 30 seconds reporting
that two more Marines had been killed in Iraq.
House Republicans started clamoring for a congressional inquiry into the documents
used by 60 minutes, saying it might be an attempt to manipulate the election.
Isn't that why the Democrats are scared?
Isn't that what the Democrats are scared of Republicans are doing?
You say Republicans never wanted investigations in a missing WMD,
like Congress passed a Medicare bill based on faulty figures,
Abu Gharrib, or even whether those swifty guys were lying for Pete's sake.
The Democratic paranoia is a measure of the intimidation
the West Wing is wielding in a race where John Kerry
can't seem to take advantage of any of the Bush administration's
increasingly calamitous blunders.
The administration has been so dazzling in misleading the public with audacious
and endacious malarkey that the Democrats fear the Bushes are capable of any level of deceit.
Iraq is a vision of hell.
The Republicans act as if it's a model kitchen.
The President and Vice President brag about liberating Iraqis and reassurers
that they're stopping terrorist violence at its source and inspiring democracy in the region
by bringing you to blood, rinse the rack.
But what they haven't mentioned is what they have known since July.
The rosy scenarios are as bogus as their WMD.
That's when the President received a National Intelligence Estimates that spelled out a dark
assessment of prospects for stability and governance in Iraq in the next 18 months.
And as Douglas Jell wrote in today's Times,
worst case estimates include civil war or energy.
Unlike the President, the young men and women trying to stay alive in the
armament chaos of Iraq can't count on their daddies to get them out of the line of fire.
Reamed out in the Times today.
Line, piece of crap, and the argument again has to be well.
Are those documents the originals are they forgeries?
But of course, like she says, all of the information there was absolutely correct.
For the scented media Roger,
I'm a fan of the American Caravan 56060,
at QAM.
Do do do do do do.
There's that schedule for you.
Pensely then.
She's finally finally in out.
She's finally in out.
Looks like it's going to roast time.
Snows from the body roll ball.
Barbara Bush has 40,000 eyes.
Moves over eyes to mouth.
It happens when she realizes.
She raised more grills and a crowd.
Barbara Bush has 40,000 eyes.
In a Frauen, less nearly.
And he chased me again.
And she raised more advice than that.
With the chest beneath me.
Like she gentle, Cody caused me to make trouble.
I'm a little bit scared, but I'm not scared.
I'm a little bit scared, but I'm not scared.
I'm a little bit scared, but I'm not scared.
I'm a little bit scared, but I'm not scared.
I'm a little bit scared, but I'm not scared.
13-11-560-W.
Don't talk to love because I'll blow this compression thing here.
Don't blow it.
I think it's burning out.
It's popping up blood.
No, seriously.
The engineer who actually knows what he's doing and what he's talking about,
he said he surprised this one last of this one because they run very hot and that they die.
So the fact that it's acting up today after several days of seeming very just fine,
not a good sign.
Of course, if it blows out, then I think you're going to be doing several shows.
Now, he did tell me I could bypass the compressor and I tried it before the show.
Let's try it on the ear and see how it sounds.
All right.
Okay, press the button there.
How does that sound?
Turn your microphone up.
No, it is up.
That's it.
That's all you got.
So I guess that's not going to probably be a good idea.
Or what could it be in a pinch compensator?
In other words, you just turned everything else down real just great.
I mean, I have a little more level on the mic, but I just still want to crank it all the way wide open.
All right.
And also, I'm thinking about these promos.
There are many things just rumbling through my mind.
You know, a cluttered mind.
Yeah.
And the promos that we're running about Hank Goldberg and the Humper,
even on the last region, they're in the Humper and the Mad Dog and the...
This one and that one, you know.
Hey, stupid.
What does that mean?
If they were going to change the lineup, do you think they would tell anyone before it actually happened?
Oh, we let anyone get it inkling.
It's getting to the point where it's like exhausting for us.
So you can imagine for the audience who are tuning in to hear the people that they like at the times when they expect them to be on,
and to be on at all.
And it's like just total chaos.
And then when you think of Greg's brilliant idea of, well, we're paying the deal for four hours.
So how about if he just does like four hours after staring at it's done?
That would be great.
So here's the Mad Dog today from 2.45 till 4.
I mean, just...
Just an absolute ass and eye and creature crawling over the globe.
Captain Clint, Robert Shaw and Jaws.
Okay?
Okay.
Jaws was good, but I realized that they're making a big simmissive about it again, but I just...
I don't know.
It was good.
I don't know.
I agree with you.
It was just fine, but it wasn't all gangbusters.
How's Richard Ruffus just makes me nauseous ever since that post-entcommerce of the worst event?
Hey, then, brother.
That acting performance had to be damn-n-there was good as Brad Pitt and what's in the box?
So you never even saw the goodbye girl?
No.
Or you'd go out and murder her if you did.
I don't like Richard Ruffus.
I can't stand him.
Well, you would hate him hard.
Plus, he's too Jewish, you know?
He's like a barbarous stri-stand of movies.
Never more so than in that movie.
Oh, he was in movies too and they were all bad.
For Pete's sake.
Which Cassidy?
Somebody says?
Okay.
How about half a long Cassidy?
No.
See, I better not say those because then he'll put them on there.
Right.
Spikes, feegle, cowboy, bebop.
We got it.
Got it?
Got it.
Here's one.
It's just I just heard a sound bite on your show where she's at.
I wanted because I watched this movie last night.
Another one for your poll is Jack Lemon as Professor Fait from the Great Race in 1965.
Like Edwards film co-starring Tony Curtis and Natalie Wood speaking of jaws.
Natalie's out there with the sharks too.
Is that what it says?
Well, it was keen to win.
They look alike.
I see.
Not.
They sound alike.
Not.
But you always have that big argument.
Oh, it's not really from that movie.
It's from...
It does.
I don't know who you're arguing with.
No, no.
The caller, that caller always tell you.
The caller always says you're wrong about that.
It's not from that movie.
Not me.
I didn't see either one of the ones you're talking about.
Well, Jack Lemon, Keenan, when I always think of them in the same way.
You know, Edwin, Keenan, when Jack Lemon.
Great way.
Nobody ever mentioned Jack Lemon.
Not for the poll today, but just in that movie about Mass of Peel.
That was such a...
If you despise religion and the Catholic Church and all of them the way that I do,
that movie was so perfect.
He was great.
He never did a bad thing, Jack Lemon.
And Charles Dernan, and there too, Dernan.
Mm-hmm.
He was Dernan, red in the face when he said both.
Both.
Man and woman?
Both.
Is him...
Have you checked the children?
Not that there are movies that are underrated.
Nobody that would...
Or want to strange your calls.
Nobody ever mentioned that.
Is the movie they really like?
It was good.
Have you checked the children?
He was good too, the actor in that movie.
The British...
Yeah, I don't know what it is.
The lunatic.
But I think...
I think I...
And I know I've never seen him in Greg at the same time.
W.Q.A. and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Is this...
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Tell...
Let me tell you a little radio where my industry delivered Neil.
Tell your counterpart to the key to win plays has a kayak in the Great Race.
And Jack Lemon played Professor Faith.
But I always like Jack D. Ripper played by Sterling Hayden in...
What's that movie?
How...
How...
Oh, hell.
Dr. Strings loved.
Or about Frank Booth.
Okay.
I love Frank Booth.
Frank Booth.
Frank Booth and Dr. Strings were here.
Okay, thanks, Pallex.
So he says you're full of crap.
Okay.
Well, I'm going to look it up.
No, I'm going to look it up.
Now, what will we were looking for?
The Great Race.
Okay, here's the Garden.
Here's the Grey Owl.
Here's Gremlins II.
Oh, is that Calibrate?
Oh, it is, Jack Lemon.
Josh, look it up.
He said it was Jack Lemon.
Boy, you really are Slip and Mr.
How about the Grimsh of Roth?
I'm in Roth.
Is it possible we're thinking of different movies?
The guy that says push the button max is Keenan Witten.
Yeah.
Whatever his name is in the movie.
The guy with the card that does stuff.
That's a higher.
Now, what's the higher?
Oh, that's a higher.
Which is that one?
His great character name is...
I was just about to get to it and then you said you had the whole thing resolved and so I started to put the book away.
No, it wasn't right up center.
The great Santini with Robert DuVal.
So the character's names are screwed up.
It's the guy with the funky car that says push the button and that's Keenan Witten.
Whose name is Hezekiah?
How come the great race isn't in my book?
It's not a great book.
No, it is a great book.
How is that possible?
Could it be under the lock?
Because all these others have thought in front of them.
They're under G.
Oh, I found one Frank Booth drop we can actually play.
That's it.
It wasn't longer but I had to play it up.
I know.
That's a lot of fun.
That Jacqueline and drop and also from Glenn Gerry Glen Ross by...
I'm not going to...
I'm going to have to...
Yeah, I know.
A little bit later we'll put that back on the ear.
Because Joyce will get very upset.
We didn't like to bleep in there.
It wasn't long enough and we actually could hear what they were saying.
The great race, Steve, a bagged that.
This is really a pondress.
It couldn't possibly be under the lock, could it?
Huh?
And why wouldn't that be in here, the great race?
That lady...
I am even not that though.
There's no sex like...
Snow sex...
Then...
No, it's just...
It isn't in here, period.
I have no idea why.
I'll have to get my other book.
Here's my other book.
Oh, God!
Here's the one that weighs about 400 pounds.
Video Hounds, Golden Movie Retriever.
Did you get the British one?
No, that was the other one.
Oh, okay.
The time...
Time and space and that crap.
Let's see.
Grave of the Fireflies.
What am I looking for?
Great adventure?
Great race.
Great falls of fire.
Starring Maddie Bill.
Great outdoors.
The great race.
A dastardly villain, a notable hero, an asperer-ded suffragette.
Our Monday competitors in an Upper East New York-to-Paris auto race circa 1908,
complete with pie fights, saloon rolls, and a confrontation with a feisty polar bear overly long,
and only sporadically funny.
Starring Jack Lemmon, Tony Curtis, Natalie Wood, Peter Falk, Keenan Wynn, and George McCready.
Directed by Blake Edwards.
There you go.
All right.
That doesn't tell me anything.
The guy with a funky car that did stuff like telescoping wheels and the cannon, no, no.
That's Keenan Wynn's car.
He had a set push the button, Max, because he told Max to push the button.
And then the car would do something crazy.
Yeah.
So that's what you're aiming for.
Nothing like, apparently I got the character's neighborhood.
Oh, you screwed up and you're just wasting a half an hour here trying to like cover your ass.
Right.
See, what's your all-time favorite movie character that's our poll today?
Don Crollion, Indigod 529, or 49.
Not got a catch, Don Crollion.
30 Harry 29, Blue Dome Animal House 23, Ace Ventura 16, Michael Crollion,
2014, Inspector Kusso 14, Alice Delarge 11, Darth Vader 10, Howard Bielin,
Network 10, Forest Dump 9, Tony Montana 8, and Scarface, Randall McMurphy, and Cooper's
S.A.T. Mad Max in World Warrior 8.
I hear he was played by Charlton Heston.
Jeff LaBosky from the Big LaBosky 7, Hannibal Lecture 7, Alfred Andy Dufrein, Dufrezny,
from the Shawshank Redemption 7, James Bond 5, I like Dufrezny better.
Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz for Clark Rizwold Vacation 3, Buffalo Bill 3.
Got to play something.
A moment, please.
Okay.
Buffalo Bill.
I have my money.
No.
Yes, we're calling to come back times.
Mr. Leclerc.
Yeah.
Raymond Bagett, Rayne Mann 2, P.V. Herman P.V.
Playhouse 2, Nurse Ratchet, Cooper's S.2, Terri Riz.
Terminator 2, Alonso Harris training day 2, Alex Foley Beverly Hills Cop 2, George Bailey,
it's a wonderful life.
Fath.
I mean, too.
Come on.
Even Diffon ever saw Cornette tall.
Bill LaBosky gains in New York 2, and then one for Freddie Krueger, Bill Rago, Renaissance
Man, Trent Walker, Swingers, Mr. Prink, reservoir dogs.
Sherlock Holmes only has one vote, and then a bunch of other stuff.
Norman Vates and Psycho don't have any.
Jack Torrance, he hears.
Jody don't have any.
Charlie Chezwick.
Don't have any.
You know what I think I set that thing off, but I always do a Mammister of Chesswork
tonight, like, counted on that.
Oh, I see.
That's right, so I'll just, I'll just, you know, don't tell me.
You are an expensive new broker.
I'm losing money.
I'm losing money.
I'm fighting for you.
You are all I have.
Uh-huh.
This is Pope John Paul Williams.
And if he asks me, they only think Mark Furns, I'm playing Grabass with a Swiss guy, is the
new Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
Oh, there's a new poker show on TV that's sure to be of special interest.
It's political poker showdown.
Paragets, John Terry.
Mission accomplished.
Oh, yeah, George W. Bush.
I've got a royal straight flush full house with two of a kind with an ace kicker.
Freedom and wisdom.
Don't it, Terry?
You know, I don't read.
Political poker showdown picks the candidates in a heads-and-heads test of skill.
I've got a parakeet.
Yeah, well, I'm a powers to gameers.
Plus, I got a parakeet change.
Huh?
I'm in a pair of kings.
Oops.
This tournament won't be played again for another four years.
When two new coccasions Ivy League millionaires belly up to the table.
Hey, boys, is there a tournament to cut the cards?
I don't cut cards.
I cut tasks.
Political poker showdown.
How's that sound?
I just don't kind of keep on your toes.
12 to 5 16 W.
Don't forget, look for the QM van now and the two.
And now and the two at Wendy's.
They're there right now, but at 8,100 West 33rd Avenue in Highlyah,
a step by the one prizes registered and went on to Civic Hybrid from South Florida Community Services
and the Sanctonumic QM van 5 to 7 in the PM will be at the public's at 1305 North University Drive Coral Springs.
Look for the rock solid, rock green.
Rock solid.
Rock green, light beer display and spin the QM reel.
The moment the prizes.
Let's see.
Here's a fact from Chris who just, uh, favorite character, Inspector Kluso Peter Sellers,
already on there, Chris doing just fine.
How is that he doing?
Fourth place.
As a matter of fact, he's got about 20.
And also number two, he says, why doesn't it need like Randy Rhodes?
When did I ever say I don't like Randy Rhodes?
Unless he's talking about, do I like her show?
No.
I don't listen to her show.
First of all, number two, she's a little too jappy for me if you catch my grip.
Little too shrill.
Little too jappy.
Little too late.
Yeah, that must be it.
It must be a do thing.
Especially on Russia, China, don't be doing that.
Here is a fact, don't say it.
To me, disgusting, especially when it's from like other Jews who think that you share their,
I'm not interested.
To me, it's like 2004.
I'm not interested in New Year's, Egyptian years, Venus, Mercury years, dog years, Uranus years.
Joe Pesci is Tommy DeVito and Goodfellow.
It's a very, very good choice.
Is there any Joe Pesci thing that we can, no, of course.
I think we have a head.
Do I use?
No, we can't play in the middle of the game.
Yeah, no.
For us.
Let's see, here's Mike and Melbourne says, future poll suggestion, what's your favorite Bush administration lie?
Well, we don't have room for that many.
And number two, the arena deal for Howard County just keeps getting better and better.
Taxpayers keep getting even a more of a screwing with this NHL deal, says Mike and Melbourne.
Hey, Mike, guess what?
Nobody cares.
I mean, I'll miss, you know, seeing the Leafs play and Panthers and, you know, I mean, they just throw your guts out anyway.
A team that only made the playoffs three times in history of the franchise.
And then of course, it's like everything else Wayne did.
Like with a baseball, you know.
Same thing with the hockey.
Build me the arena.
We're going to move to Nashville.
We're going to move to Portland.
We're going to move to Team Pickup our hockey pucks and balls and move and yadda yadda.
And then they build it and then we'll arena.
And then before you, nobody turns around, sells the team.
Always leaves you a hold in the sack.
That's Wayne.
Because Wayne is all about one thing.
You know what that is?
No, what?
Wayne.
Speaking of Wayne, there's Bill Hummer.
Does it not appear to be a hurricane at this point that appeared in Mobile, Alabama, where I guess the worst is passed?
And of course, they had Ricky Tiki-Santia's on only moments ago who seems to be taking off more clothing.
He'd send that bring him on.
Pretty soon he's going to be standing there stark naked.
Which is a strike and rot.
C.I.A. analysis holds bleak vision for Iraq's future.
A plant speaking of Marine Dauz column.
A classified national intelligence estimate prepared for President Bush and Lake July spells out a dark assessment of prospects for Iraq.
Governor, Mr. Officials said yesterday.
The estimate outlines three possibilities for Iraq through the end of next year.
And the worst case is developments that could lead to civil war officials said.
The most favorable outcome is in Iraq whose political, economic, and security stability would remain tenuous.
That's the best case scenario.
There is a significant amount of pessimism said one government official was read the document which runs about 50 pages.
The officials declined to discuss the document's key judgments, concise, carefully written statements of intelligence, analyst conclusions.
The intelligence estimate, the first on a rations October 2002, was prepared by the National Intelligence Council approved by the National Foreign Intelligence Board under John McLaughlin.
The C.I.A. is acting director.
As described by officials, the pessimistic tone of the New West amidst the stance in contrast to statements by Bush administration officials in recent days including comments yesterday by White House spokesman Scott McFellon was certain that progress is being made in Iraq.
At any rate, they're lying again.
The Nightmare say disaster.
Even ketchup a coffee and a few wins says, uh-uh.
How come he shilled for so long?
You think the price was right?
Or maybe he was a scared?
Maybe they had a brother that they brought in with a fun kind of a funky array.
The old country.
Red ballad talk from Borneo.
Red rubber ballad is built.
The United Nations Secretary General Kofi and in declared explicitly for the first time last night that the U.S. led war on Iraq was illegal.
Mr. Ann and said the invasion was not sanctioned by the UN Security Council or in accordance with the UN's founding charter.
In an interview with the BBC World Service broadcast last night, he was asked outright if the war was illegal.
He replied, yes, if you wish.
In other words, if I got to answer, I yes.
He then added unequivocally, I've indicated it was not a conformity with the UN charter.
From our point of view, in the charter point of view, it was ill-eagle.
Mr. Raine and I was kept a tactful silence until now.
Rather, in his intervention at this point undermines the argument pushed by Tony Blair that the war was legitimized by Security Council resolutions.
Mr. Raine and also question whether it be feasible on security grounds to go ahead with the first planned election in Iraq schedule for January,
you cannot have credible elections if the security conditions continue as they are right now, he said.
They also come, the comments as Mr. Blas trying to put the controversy over the war behind him, and they run up to the conference season.
They knew parliamentary term in the next years, probably was in a election.
Did you see the guys who ran into parliament in Britain yesterday?
No.
They were having a big debate on guess what?
I don't know, gay marriage.
Fox hunting.
No.
And these four goofballs, probably people or something like that, I don't know.
They dressed in t-shirts and jeans, and again, that's a great British security man.
They just came running into parliament, you should have seen the looks, they used to use, wow, the looks on some of those real stuffy brits man.
They were about ready to drop a big one right there in their seat.
Well, I hope they showed it again.
And they had to drag them off.
Little, little counter-vombs, and of course they got the Batman guy who's probably still standing on the ledge that they can find the came down.
Let me ask you this, seriously, granted in Salt Fantasy, but I Captain Marvel had a cape, right?
Yes he did.
He could fly.
The Shazam Captain Marvel.
He could fly.
Correct.
Superman had a cape.
Correct.
He could fly.
Right. Now, why did Batman have a cape on?
You know, I think his name was Robin.
And of course, at this point, just to revive his memory sooner than he's still alive, we're supposed to play if I can ever get around to finding the damn thing here.
We're supposed to play the Humper saying, saying, I'm a homo?
No, that's not it.
The Humper saying,
Come on, Hank.
He was his word.
Not a spedophile.
Thank God.
I thought they silenced him even on this show.
560, 560, 560 for Verizon and Singular Wireless Lens.
I guess maybe the equipment is okay.
Maybe I just should not do that shouting.
It just doesn't react anymore.
It likes it.
It likes it.
Very centralized and polite.
Like here in the T.O.
You know, Brian?
Low key.
You can't get it.
W.A.M. Hello.
Good.
Absolutely.
And by the way, it wasn't just Fox one thing.
It was folks hunting with dogs.
Right.
I mean, how ridiculous.
The world wouldn't have helped him out.
There's ways of the best could be.
It's the howl.
That's right.
Anyway, somebody got ahead of me on the poll.
I was going to suggest the guy that played in Clark Work Orange as the guy who was singing
a little song.
Singing in the way.
I think somebody got ahead of me on that.
Right.
You posted an article on the website the other day.
And probably going to have to go into the old stuff.
But it's never worth it.
They really should be.
Right.
American right or wrong.
That's a great article.
If people have not read that, they really need to read that and get the book what it comes out.
People ought to be reading all the articles on our website.
You can everyone.
You got it.
Which reminds me of it.
I got to go out and get that kitty Kelly book.
I forgot yesterday.
I'm going to go out and read it.
That should be pretty good.
The family.
Yep.
Yeah, the family.
Yeah.
What does that say to you?
Hey, I'm Kelly.
I did.
Have a great day.
Bill Murray has Carl Spackler been candy shacks as John and Columbia South Carolina.
Always knew something was a little off about John up there.
Don't worry John, this is a candy shack crowd.
Yeah, boy.
Do you know what a great poll would be one day?
I give up.
What's the worst thing that America has exported to the rest of the world?
I'm thinking Jerry Springer is one of them.
That'll be a long, long list.
McDonald's.
Coke.
Coca-Cola.
Jerry says, could you please add Indiana Jones to your poll?
No problem, Gary.
You got a bunch.
You got it on the Jew holiday honor.
Russia Shona.
Happy New Year, by the way.
All you silly people.
We don't understand that New Year comes on January 1.
We just can't get along, man.
It's another reason to just stand all these religions because all it does is separate everybody from each other.
Okay.
We're just all one big happy family is what we should be.
What?
Oh, no.
Let me ask you something.
How he's got their own fairy tales.
So if you're a Jewish Chinaman, you'll be celebrating New Year.
That's a good question.
I guess after you finally kissed the last rat in the kitchen.
Or rat's kosher.
After you circumcised the last rat in the kitchen, I got a great article by Russ Baker in the ancient Y-Bushler of Texas.
And it's long and I'm going to read it out to the break.
But it is very long.
It might actually take me, which I rarely do this anymore, but I just have to do it.
The spirit of Christ compels me on Russia's show.
All right.
From at its past noon at QAM, don't forget Mad Dog or two and then it's Mo.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do.
And then Marlon's again, then I try to like salvage a game against the exposed after yesterday's disastrous double headed defeat.
You know, this is one of those times where the hurricanes and all this other hysteria going on.
You might need some help fast.
Thankfully, Dalmatians delivered the same day all across South Florida.
When you call 1-800-Matras, you'll choose from the deepest and widest selection of betting all available for same day delivery.
Call 1-800-Matras right now for factory direct prices and immediate delivery.
And don't forget you still get to pick the date and time for delivery to fit your schedule.
And Dalmatians has got a record that's unbeatable.
They're on time 99.7% of the time.
Dalmatians continue to be ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourists of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-Matras, you'll choose from the complete line of ceiling,
sort of cane-coil, sentence temperedic, and stirrings and foster hewet.
All the smart folks and even some who aren't too bright, at least know enough to make that call.
I've been doing it for years because it sure beats running around and getting ripped off of those betting and department stores and helping them pay for the big overhead.
Log on to their website, mattress.com, or if you need that new mattress,
we'll soon just pick up that phone and call them right now and they'll be nothing on your door before the day is out.
Call 1-800-Matras, 1-800-MATTRES.
You're making little rocket.
It's a waste of time.
It's a waste of time.
Thank you, Lou.
Mr. Lector, say me a piece.
I'm disappointed you've passed my queries.
Still eating people right after you kill them.
Not even leaving behind a tiny row of collectors.
Fingerl again.
It cleansed people, tasteless, my chicken.
If you see him, a full honest race.
Better honor you, I'll test me.
I like that.
Mr. Lector, I've got two S.
How dare you think through that funky mask.
Though it looks good, you can't move your jaw.
The first animal to use the same old stone as your own Lector.
I wish I saw it all.
You've made it.
To have a claw.
Keep the clins fins on your next screen.
Just with the May of Pepsi.
From 1856 to WQM, Bagnaz from Orlando.
What?
A Walt Disney World worker who was acquitted of charges he fondled a 13-year-old drill while dressed as Tigger.
Has been suspended again accused of shoving two people while in a goofy coffin.
Oh no.
Their lawyer said the man would just goof around because he was goofy.
Maybe that explains why great weed is maybe on the weekends he's having Orlando.
Two photographers at Disney's Animal Kingdom said Michael Shartran came up to them in his goofy costume and shoved each of them in the chest orange County Sheriff's Captain Bernie Persia said yesterday.
The photographer is a male and female whose names are not released work for Kodak at the park.
That's Eastman Kodak from Arks of New York.
Worked so many people out of work.
Disney's spokesperson, Jackie Polak.
P-O-L-A-K.
Okay, Jackie Polak.
Polak said Shartran was suspended on August 30th.
But dirty man.
It would remain so indefinitely he was also could face Mr. Meener charges.
Jeffrey Kaufman, Shartran's attorney in the Tigger case said new claims were bogus.
Goofy is always playful. He told the Orlando Sentinel of course he was scooping around because he was goofy.
That's why Greg weed acts like that because he's goofy.
But you pardon?
I said I ordered dress up as a character named Gravy.
Oh that's Maddie Bill.
Now Peter says for the pull how about Sergeant Hartman from Full Metal Jacket.
You got it?
Sure.
Okay.
Why Bush left Texas by Russ Baker in the nation?
This is going to take a long time and just to sit back and relax.
I'm going to get a fresh soda.
Growing evidence suggests that George W. Bush abruptly left his Texas International Guard Unit in 1972
for substantive reasons pertaining to his inability to continue piloting a fighter jet.
A month-long investigation which includes examination of hundreds of government release documents
interviews with former guard members and officials.
Military experts in bus associates points to the conclusion that Bush's personal behavior was causing a lot among his superior officers
and were ultimately lead to his fleeing the state to avoid a physical exam he might have had difficulty passing.
His favor to complete a physical exam became the official reason for his subsequent suspension from flying status.
The central issue whether Bush did or did not complete his duty and if not why has a recent days been obscured by a raging side show
a debate over the accuracy of documents aired on CBS in 60 minutes.
Last week CBS news reported on newly unearthed memos purportedly prepared by Bush's now deceased commanding officer.
In those documents the officer Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Killion appeared to be establishing for the record events occurring at the time that Bush abruptly left his Texas International Guard Unit in 1972.
Among these that Bush had failed to meet unspecified guard standards and refused to direct order to take a physical exam and that pressure was being applied on Killion and his superior to whitewash
whatever troubling circumstances Bush was in.
Questions have been raised about the authenticity of those memos but the criticism of them appears at this time speculative and inconclusive
while their substance is consistent with the growing body of documentation and analyst organization.
If it is demonstrated that profound behavioral problems mark Bush's wartime performance and even cut short his service it could seriously challenge Bush's essential appeal as a military steward and guardian of societal values.
It could also explain the incomplete contradictory and shifting explanations provided by the Bush camp for the president's striking invisibility from the military during the final two years of his six year military obligation.
And it would explain the savagery and rapidity of the attack on the CBS documents.
In 1972 Bush's unit activities underwent a change that could point to a degradation of his ability to fly a fighter jet.
Last week in response to a lawsuit the White House released to the associate depressed Bush's flight logs which showed that he abruptly shifted his emphasis in February and March of 72 from his assigned F-102 fighter jet to a 2C-T-33 training jet from which he had graduated several years earlier and was put back onto a flight simulator.
The logs also showed that on two occasions he required multiple attempts to land a one-seat fighter and a fighter simulator.
This after Bush had already logged more than 200 hours in the one-seat F-102A. That's the F-102A.
Military experts say that his new apparently downgraded and accompanied training mode which included Bush's sometimes moving into the co-pilot seat can in theory be explained in a variety of ways.
He could for example have been training for a new position that might involve carrying student pilots but the reality is that Bush himself has never mentioned this chapter in his life due as he provided a credible explanation.
In addition, Bush is highly entailed officer effectiveness reports make no mention of this rather dramatic change.
A White House spokesman explained to AP that the heavy training in this more elementary capacity came at a time when Bush was trying to generate more hours in anticipation of a six month leave to work on a political campaign.
But in fact this scenario is implausible. For one thing, Guard regulations did not permit him to log out additional hours in that manner as they substitute for missing six months of duty later on.
As significantly there's no sign that Bush ever even considered going to work on that campaign until shortly before he departed nor that campaign officials had any inkling at all that Bush might join them in several months time.
Bush told his commanding officer that he was going to Alabama for an opportunity with a political campaign is Texas International Guard supervisors presumably relying on what Bush told them would write in a report the following year a civilian occupation made it necessary for him to move to Montgomery Alabama.
But the timing of Bush's decision to leave and his departure about the same time that he failed to take a mandatory annual physical exam indicate that the two may have been related.
Campaign staff members say they knew nothing of Bush's interest in participating until days before he arrived in Montgomery. Indeed not one of numerous Bush friends from those days even recalls Bush talking about going to Alabama at any point before he took off.
Bush's behavior in Alabama suggests that if you Alabama not as an important career opportunity, but as a kind of necessary evil.
Although his role in the campaign has been represented as substantial and some newspaper accounts he's been described as the assistant campaign manager numerous campaign staffer say Bush's role was negligible low level and he routinely arrived at the campaign offices in the afternoon hours, bragging of drinking feats from life before.
According to friends of his he kept his use in the apartment during this period and based on their recollections they have been coming back into town repeatedly during the time it was supposedly working full time on the Alabama campaign.
Absences from the campaign have been explained as due to his responsibilities to travel to the further reaches of Alabama but several staffers told me that organizing those counties was not Bush's defactor responsibility.
Even more significantly in a July interview Linda Allison, the widow of Jimmy Allison, the Alabama campaign manager and a first friend of Bush's father revealed to me for the first time that Bush had come to Alabama not because the job has appeal or because his presence was required because he needed to get out of Texas.
When you have to know Georgie Allison said he was really a totally irresponsible person. Big George George Herbert Walker Bush called Jimmy and said he's killing us in Houston, take him down there and let him work on that campaign.
The tenor of that was Georgie is in and out of trouble seven days a week down here. Would you take him up there with you please.
Allison said that the younger Bush's drinking problem was apparent. She also said that her husband a circumsett expect man who did not gossip and held his cards closely indicated where that the use of drugs was involved.
I had the impression that the new Georgie was using pot certainly and perhaps cocaine she said.
Times with a breakdown and interrupt.
All right.
To be continued, I mean it says plain it's right there in front of your face and of course the Bush lakers those right wingers and well healed selfish bastards.
They're going to continue supporting no matter what.
But people out there with the IQ larger than their thumbnail are started thinking about it.
26 past no to 5 60 W to QM let me tell you about Chuck Alfie Erie for more than 35 years.
Charlie's been the best in the universe and providing amazing natural hair look and systems for you guys that are virtually a hundred percent.
Undetectable. That's how great they look and right now Charlie's introducing the latest development and hair restoration.
It's called the new laser light therapy treatment.
It's used for treating fine and fitting here and this new treatment is FDA certified.
It restores your hair and scalp back to what's healthy estate while it increases your hair shaft density and volume to this new laser light.
Therapy and its cool light laser devices effective on both men and women and it's a painless non-evasive treatment that takes only about a half an hour to complete.
Charlie and the staff of witness dramatic results with this new system and impedes hair fallout for people with fine and fitting hair.
So stop waiting for a miracle.
It's going to stop your hair from falling out and give Charlie a call with no obligation whatsoever to get more info about this exciting new laser light therapy treatment.
How can software thinning hair problems forever because it really and truly can change your life call a toll free number today at 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413 run that wicked worldwide web at Charles Alfieri dot com.
The first time we've seen a new laser light laser is a real big deal.
It's a real big deal.
It's a real big deal.
It's a real big deal.
It's a real big deal.
It's fun to say you're not AWO-HELP and you can put your number days AWO-HELP.
What a funny thing to feel is cherry can find where you work in that one year.
I do better than you wish AWO-HELP.
You're deady, how to go away.
AWO-HELP.
I have no life.
It's the only company where the story that real you might earn back voter on real.
Are you sure?
Property wants to anyway this is from a rust vape who in the nation.
Pick on the holy left off.
You were paying attention I hope.
Oh ridding.
Taking notes.
Now the product is established.
Now prominent established Texas figures the military, arts, business and political world.
Some of them Republicans and Bush supporters talk about Bush's alleged use of marijuana and cocaine.
Based on what they say they've heard from trusted friends.
One middle aged woman whose general veracity could be confirmed told me that she met Bush in 1968.
At Hemisphere 68, a fair in San Antonio, at which time he tried to pick her up and offered a white powder he was inhaling.
She was in a teenage, your Bush would have just graduated from Yale and have been starting the National Guard then.
It was getting really aggressive with me, she said.
I told him I'd call a policeman and he laughed and asked who would believe me.
Although cocaine was not a widespread phenomenon until the 70s,
US authorities were struggling more than a decade earlier to stance the flow from Latin America in 1967 border seizures amounted to 26 pounds.
Bush himself is publicly admitted to being somewhat wild in his younger years without offering any details.
He is not explicitly denied charges of drug use.
Generally he is hedged.
He has said that he could have passed the same security screening as father underwent upon his inauguration in 1989,
which certifies no illegal drug use during the 15 preceding years.
In other words, George W. Bush seemed to be saying that if he had used drugs that was before 1974 or during the period in which he left his guard unit.
The family that rented Bush a house in Montgomery, Alabama during that period told me that Bush did extensive inexplicable damage to their property,
including smashing the chandelier, and that they unsuccessfully built them twice for the damage, which amounted to about $900 a considerable amount of money in 1972.
Two unconnected close friends and acquaintances of a well known Montgomery socialite now deceased told me that the socialite in question told them that he and Bush had been partying that evening at the Montgomery Country Club,
combining drinking with use of illicit drugs, and that Bush complaining about the brightness had climbed on the table and smashed the chandelier when the door stopped at his home briefly,
so Bush could change clothes before they hit it out again.
It is notable that in 1972, the military was in the process of introducing widespread drug testing as part of the annual physical exams that pilots won undergo.
For years, military buffs and retired officers are speculated about the real reasons that Bush left his unit two years before his flying obligation was up.
Bush and his staff have modeled the issue by not providing a clear comprehensive and consistent explanation of his departure from the unit,
and particularly the President has not made himself peculiarly, the President has not made himself available to describe in detail what did take place at the time,
instead the White House has adopted a policy of offering obscure explanations by officials who clearly do not know the specifics of what went on, and the periodic release of large numbers of confusing or inconclusive documents, especially at the start of weekends and holiday periods when attention is elsewhere.
In addition, the Bush campus offered over the past two years a shifting panoply of explanations that subsequently failed to pass muster,
one was that Bush had stopped flying as F-102 jet because it was being phased out, the plane continued to be used for at least another year.
Another explanation was that he failed to take his physical exam in 1972 because his family doctor was unavailable,
guard regulations required that physicals be conducted by doctors on the base and would have been easily arranged either on a base in Texas or after he left the state in Alabama.
One of the difficulties in getting to the truth about what really took place during this period is the frequently expressed fear of her tribution from the Bush organization.
Many sources refused to speak on the record, even had their knowledge communicated publicly in any way, one source who did publicly, events, doubts about Bush's activities in 1972, was Dean Rume, who flew formations often with Bush and was his roommate for a time.
You wonder if you know who George Bush is, Rume told USAID in a little appreciated interview back in 2002.
I think he digressed after while he said, in the first half he was gone ho, when George failed, where George failed was to fulfill his obligations of pilot, it was an irrational time in his life.
Yet in subsequent years, Rume has revised his comments to affirm insistence that nothing out of the ordinary took place at that time, and after one interview he emailed me, material raising questions about John Curie's military career.
Rume, who operates a Curio shop in a Texas hamlet called me that Bush aids, including communications advisor, Kirin Hughes, and even the president himself stay in touch with him.
Several Bush associates from that period say that the Bush campus argued, strenuously, about importance of sources backing the president up on his military service, citing patriotism, personal oiling, even the claim that he likes friends in Washington, and must come on those from early in his life.
In 1971, Bush took his annual physical exam in May.
It's reasonable to conclude that he would also take his 72 physical exam in the same month, yet according to official guard documents, Bush cleared the base on May 15 without doing so.
Fellow guard members uniformly agreed that Bush should and could have easily taken the exam with unit doctors at L.A.T. Air Force Base before leaving town.
It's interesting to note that if the Killing Memories released by CBS do hold up, one of them dated May 4, 72, orders Bush to report for his physical by May 14, one day before he took off.
Bush has indicated that he departed from L.A.T. Air Force Base in his guard unit because he even offered an important employment opportunity with a political campaign in Alabama.
The overwhelming evidence suggests, however, that the Alabama campaign was a convenient excuse for Bush to rapidly exit-stage lead from a guard unit that found him in his behavior growing problem.
If that's not the case, now would be an excellent time for President Fainter's supportive memory to sit down and explain what really happened in that period.
Right for us, Baker Nation, it's on our website.
That takes.
Yeah. Hold your breath, okay, but let's hold it up.
Okay, let's get some more names on his poll here of characters. We got a lot of all the characters all the time, including all the characters at QL. We got many.
Favorite character from a movie, Don Corleone from the Godfather 56, 30 Harry 36, below a Mudo, Pluto, Pluto and Jufi, Pluto from Animal House 26, James Bond 22, Inspector Fusso the Pink Panther 21, Darth Vader's Star Wars 19, Tony Montana from Scarface 18, Michael Corleone, Godfather 18, Howard Beale 17.
Is it two Michael? Hannibal Lecter, Silent's Lam 16, Ace Ventura 16, Jeff Lovowski from the Big Will Winsky 15, Randall McMurphy from Cookusness 12, 4, is dumped 12, Alice Delarge, Clockwork Orange a dozen, Andy Dupresni Duprein from the Shawshank 11, Mad Max 10, that was Ed Wynn I think.
What's that? I forgot. Clark Rizwold of the Case in 7, Jeff Spakoli, Fast Times 5, P.V. Herman from P.V.'s P. House 5, Buffalo Bill, Silent's Lam 5, Dorothy 5. How you doing, Dorothy?
She was never on a yellow brick road, though like Juryden and Timmy from Passons.
Poor Timmy. Poor Timmy, won't see him no more. What a shame. And you know something to show where he hasn't been the same without him.
It's all that. Never is. Nothing is. George Beale, it's a wonderful life, five, it's a bad movie, but it's a wonderful life. Quit from jaws, four.
Indiana Jones, three, Trent Walker, Swinger's three, and why am I reading all these Sherlock Holmes's got three. Raymond Bennett has got the three from Rainman.
I never knew that his name was Rain. I guess I did. Raymond Bennett was he related to Billy the Bidbit from Cookusness? Second cousin. I see.
Terminator has got three Alonzo Harris from training day three, Axel Foley, Beverly's, Hill Coyne, just a smacking of a spackling after that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 Verizon and singular wireless lines WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you? Is it Neil? Yeah. How about Ritzel Ratso? Midnight cowboy.
Midnight cowboy. You were Reagan from the extra system.
She was good. She was a head turner. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Okay. So we put both of them on there. Reagan.
First thing we're talking about, Ronnie Reagan. So I have to put the extra system and Ritzel Rizzo from Midnight cowboy.
Never saw it. You never saw it. Well, it's too much factory in there for you because John Boy was a hustler. It's what I heard.
And he like beat up this old queen. And he just want to see it. Plus it's depressing. Yeah, what's the point?
And of course when Ritzel's getting ready to die, they get on the Greyhound bus to have the... You know where everybody goes when they're getting ready to die? For all the Florida...
You want to see me? You want to run your head on the ass, lose it, please. I'm by security. You am.
Roger. God.
They are back. Your favorite Jewish rockin' roller stowards your band. It's Russia, Shunna, with their latest hits album, Suck Hop of the Synagogue.
My mother's like a good assistant like a baby.
I'm a good, I'm a good, I'm a good friend.
Yes, Russia, Shunna and I have reformed to bring you 12 kosher guys to Hop of Hebrew Higgets.
Get your boy, isn't good for you.
This album should be in every orthodox rocker's collection. Rolling stone gets it by stars of David.
Suck Hop of the Synagogue, new from Russia, Shunna and I, available with all record scores. We'll come right for you, Xavier. Don't pass over this album.
Remember that novelty record by the Silhouettes?
Get a joke.
1245 by 560 W.K.M. I've actually got a starter right there today. He's busy koshering the house. He's making sure that nobody's eating treats in his house.
Todd direct, guarantee he ain't there.
Who else are we got?
I'm going to be thanking you. This is it.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia, Shunna.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
They're going to make Moe work on Russia.
He probably went to turn the radio down too late.
We don't have time for that.
Somebody cue in. Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
Pretty good, pal.
Go ahead.
Earlier, you guys were talking about that movie, The Great Race.
Right.
That guy who I guess is George.
He's not too straight on the story.
He's not too straight on the story.
Keenan Win was the...
Keenan Win was the...
And that's Jack Lemmon who says that.
And that's Jack Lemmon who says that.
And that's Jack Lemmon who says that.
And that's Jack Lemmon who says that.
And that's Jack Lemmon who says that.
Definitely.
He's also something I know Jack Lemmon.
And I guarantee it that he's Jack Lemmon.
That...
Let me tell you something.
I got to DVD.
It is 100% Jack Lemmon.
And Peter Falk is his assistant Max.
Right.
And he actually wins the race at the end.
Tony Curtis plays the guy to Gray Leslie.
And Natalie Wood is like some mug breaker reporter, like Millie Bly.
And she scams Keenan Win out of his spot.
And she becomes his assistant.
Tony Curtis is his assistant.
After all these years, we finally got the history.
Don't poop on this.
Yeah.
That's exactly how it goes.
Just be...
He plays the Gray Leslie.
And also Ross Martin is in that movie.
The guy from...
Wow, wow, Wes.
Right.
He plays a heavy, that he has a sword fight with.
Tony Curtis.
And the race goes from New York across America across like the Arctic to Paris that way.
I'll be there.
All the way to your ring.
Thanks for the ride.
You're very welcome back.
See how you're wrong.
No, no.
But...
There you are.
Sorry.
Let me hear it again.
I got...
We went...
Did this...
It's a couple times before.
And...
I never paid much attention because I didn't watch the movie in his time.
No one's got to read that.
Or just quiet.
Dummy up and listen.
Dummy up and listen.
Dummy up and listen.
Dummy up and listen.
Definitely, Jack Lennon.
Okay.
That's how...
That sounds about like Keenan Win...
When I had the DVD of the movie in my hand and I was dubbing that drop that you're playing there.
Yeah.
And it was...
All right.
Keenan Win with the gap between his teeth and the mustache.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just getting sucked in if I can see that.
It just...
It sounds like Jack Lennon.
No.
You know, I did a lot of drugs.
So maybe I'm wrong, but nevertheless.
I think that must have been it.
No.
Not as much as the president, but you're working on it.
He's a lot older now.
Yeah, he had a head start.
Yeah.
In fact, when he started, he started that head start program.
5.670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and Senior
to wireless lines.
Anybody else would like to contribute to the great race
or even the human race?
Because to be honest, it just borrows the hell out of me,
but it kills me.
Yeah, whatever.
Because I didn't see the movie, so what do I care?
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, hi, me.
How you doing today?
Pretty good.
I'd like to make a couple of suggestions for your poll.
Go right ahead.
OK.
What about, of course, Minimee and Dominic Denapoli?
Dominic Denapoli.
The Denapoli boys.
Right.
Yeah, right.
Excellent choices.
That's what you do about Minimee.
They're both, like I said, excellent choices.
OK.
What about you?
I've never seen him and Maddie Beldeget.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Two good ones.
Minimee Austin Powers.
And Dominic Denapoli from FATSO.
Oh.
That's the honey tune, yeah.
The Denapoli boys.
That's that.
Whatever.
What's the humming?
Get the honey, Joni.
It's just so great.
And a lot of people just hard as is they won't watch it.
All the stupid ass movies you go out and write.
And really something really good like FATSO, you won't watch.
Although it might make you hungry.
By the way, something.
Yes, it is Joseph Gackie today.
For what?
For fun.
You must be psychic.
And you forgot to mention something.
What's that?
Here's a Gackie stock, OK?
OK.
I was a Gackie from Mohawar David.
I told you that you best.
You ain't going to work on Russia.
Sure, now I told that.
Josie at four.
Oh, brother.
Yeah.
Listen.
It's not in my business.
They pay me a lot of money.
I'm happy to take the checks.
You know, go out and punch my guts out.
It would bind to the casino.
Have a good time or to track whatever I want to do.
But you know something.
It just is reaching the point.
You keep thinking, well, you know, it's the summertime.
It's the 4th of July.
It's Labor Day.
It is now the 16th of Freken September.
And I keep asking myself when?
Remember the Kaelin twins and when?
Mm-hmm.
When is Greg Reed finally going to get this place organized
and get his act together and get a toe on the ground
and give a little bit of consistency to the audience?
So see, he's probably thinking, I don't know what he's thinking.
Of course, thinking in him are not a good match.
But if they are thinking that this mystery would hang
on the ground, they would think, well, when is he coming back
and creating a lot of controversy?
The only thing he's doing is pissing off his audience
and making all the rest of us feel very uncomfortable about it
because we have not no idea.
There is not a day that goes by when we get that morning visit.
Of course, when I'm here, I get an audio visit
and then the less they're down there from clearance and duff,
both or each or whatever.
And now the day goes by, I don't ask him the question,
well, what's going on?
What's with the Humper?
What's with the Humper?
And it's always the same.
I'm a little bit, a little bit about,
and a small talk and talk about the bacon from Howie's
and the crap.
It's not that the bacon from Howie's is crap.
It's very important and it's good stuff.
But you know what I'm saying?
Relatively speaking, crap.
16th of September, it's about time now to get this crap going.
Maybe to get the bus on the road
to put the pedal to the metal and floor it.
Otherwise, we're going to be all feeling
like life is passing us by, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
And sometimes I feel.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Any other Howie's like?
Sensational.
I can't believe you let that guy say Peter Falkert's
a sword fight between sets.
How did that come?
Peter, I can't believe.
I got this weird obsession.
I got this weird obsession.
I got to go over with you.
Yeah.
I worked smack in the middle of, you know,
103.1 and WQAM.
So I can listen to both.
Powered Stern.
Right.
Because the delay is so bad.
I hear it.
What do you mean the delay?
The 10 delays we got the 32nd delay.
It's so long, so I, every time I hear him say something,
I got to switch over and see if they've bleep it out or not.
Right.
Now the other day, I'm not going to say any words.
I know how to work this.
Please.
But if you know the play, it's a female body part monologue.
You got to talk to her, though?
No.
It's in New York.
It's not going to be any of these.
Yes, I, okay.
They bleep that word out.
Oh, we can't say that.
Oh, you can't say that, monologue.
We can't say anywhere that begins with V.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
That's going to leave a mark.
All right.
When you go through the planets,
you have to be careful how you pronounce Venus.
I just can't believe that.
That's the only one we can say that begins with a V.
Just to make sure we don't say something else.
Isn't that a scientific word I saw?
No, not anymore.
It's not.
Not a coin to joy.
It's the world a coin to joy, baby.
Oh, God, I hate great readers.
That's the best call in the year.
All right.
Isn't that incredible?
I'm sorry.
I didn't hear that.
Well, muff told me that I should watch out for Venus.
Yeah, that's what he said.
Well, he spends a lot of time.
Yeah.
He's kind of an Venus slaughter.
The outdoor play for the Cardinals and the Yankees.
Great baseball, the Hunter, Mr. Hustle.
Before long before Charlie Hustle.
He was a great, yeah.
I thought you were talking about Venus.
I'm a chronic Venus.
And his nickname used to be Venus the Sheriff, Venus.
It is so childy, so pathetic.
And that's another part of this whole thing that's coming like unraveled and unglued.
The Greg Reed Empire.
Crumbling of his feet.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
When you say movies, do you mean like theater movies or can it be a movie of the week?
Oh, no, not a movie of the week.
Not a TV show.
Oh, come on.
Very Mason.
Very Mason.
There was a very Mason movie, like an In The Theater movie.
Believe it or not.
We love very Mason.
Sure.
Raymond Burr.
She was good.
Thank you, Neil.
Thanks, man.
Have a great day.
Well, she was pretty insistent about it.
She loved very Mason.
Well, how could we do that?
And I'm going to get to the theme art.
She inspired me.
I love the themes, don't you?
That's a great thing.
And how about Delegrease?
What's up with the scripted?
So far, loosely.
I'm sure it's hell not with him.
What's your all time favorite movie character, Don Corleone?
Godfather 58.
See, now there's a guy, Raymond Burr.
Now, he was big and heavy and masculine.
Even when he was in that wheelchair, he still was like a macho guy.
And it turns out that he had like a lover for how many years he was...
BAMING!
And moved to Hawaii and all that sort of stuff.
But when you see gay people, you know, represented on TV, it's always...
A queerist folk and all the other flamin' screaming.
And like that, what's that, Tudy, Tudy, fruity, when a king is always put on our ensue,
which we'd never think of what that thing's name is?
Kujo?
Nah, the other one.
That one and the other one, the two of them.
Oh my god, almighty.
That's every minority...
Thank God, that's all right.
The vision does not...
I say this all the time.
I'll say it again because I can't say it too many times.
Doesn't poorly portray ugly stereotypes as the general one of the middle level,
what are you feeling to blank?
You know, right.
Because, you know, that Amos and Andy, all the black folks have had in my life.
They have just like that.
You were listening to new Roger.
And this glistensate, they are on 560-60.
You A.M.
But Ed's.
It's a one to two hour.
All right.
Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu.
Rem.
Ha!
He's got a boring face of nothing,
He's having so little eyes to proceed.
He says that it's not true,
That it is ever you who cares.
You are too loud, when he did not say he tried to fuck with me.
What more can one say than an offensive say than an offensive say?
He says he's doing everything.
And he will never play with no game.
You're too loud, when he did not say he tried to fuck with me.
102-560-W-Q-A-M.
I'll take a one thing, we're sure we make it a big deal again.
Let's be sure and put on the pool, Professor Fate from the Great Rage.
Yes, we have all the other team that's going on.
Are you admitting that you're wrong?
I'm wrong, I'm wrong, I'm so wrong, I got the Catholic chains,
I'm going to flagulate myself after the show.
What do you have to tell you the other day?
You're such a stubborn band, you know.
That goes with the package.
Wow.
Here's the fact that it says just to set the record straight on the Great Rage.
George is still wrong, Jack Lemmon did play the part of Professor Fate in the Great Rage.
Professor Fate, Jack Lemmon says...
Professor Fate had the card that did stuff, as George said, he was the villain.
Max was Professor Fate's partner played by Peter Faulk and he said to him...
Even when he played the part of Hezekiah?
Yes.
Tony Curtis' partner, he didn't have a card, he didn't say much.
Tony Curtis' degree, they had the pure white card, the Leslie special.
And then Scott a quote from Warner Bros. about who played this and who did that one and who jumped on top and it was on...
And his vote is for Professor Fate, Jack Lemmon from the Great Rage.
Who said...
Like, when you listen to it, it's obviously his him.
You don't know your Jack Lemmon, Mr.
You don't know my life.
I thought that was Kenan Rage.
Well, see, so here you go away from that.
I'm sorry!
I apologize!
Oh, there you go.
Wait, let me get it out.
Put it back in.
Sorry!
Oh, right!
Okay, it's gonna be over there.
Hey, let's say another one of those shows is in a couple of months, huh?
We haven't been that in a while.
All right.
Well, we've done 80 million of those, but I do like those shows.
Yeah, they kill a good show.
No, I'm not talking about killing the show.
It's fun, the TV thing.
I'm not going to the punks of course.
What do they use punks now about?
Like, what's the thinking of that?
How about Jack Lawrence?
What about him?
Jesus Christ!
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Now, what's the one that I always play that I'm just obsessed with
and nobody else agrees with me?
I accept you.
You're about to be only a, what's the one?
Barty Jones.
Barty Jones, that's his man.
But it doesn't matter.
It's rousing, it's not a rousing.
Tock Lindsay, it's his man.
I don't, I don't see it on here.
I'll find out on the other disc.
5.670, 5.60, 0.560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Hello.
How you doing?
Hi, good.
I got two names for you Paul.
Two names, okay, numero uno.
Burgess Meredith from Rocky.
Okay, that's a good one, Burgess Meredith.
Lord Burgess Meredith has the penguin and Batman.
Obviously, also very good.
The next one is Maryland Carn and Louisie Saddle.
Okay, the good, good to be here.
One of the first characters.
Okay, okay, okay.
He gives us the actor and the actress and this goes to the actor.
He's his favorite, my aunt.
What was the Rocky, a Burgess Murdoch?
Mickey Miguel.
Who?
Mickey.
Mickey, okay.
Mickey and Rocky.
And the other one was a medal in common who played what?
I don't know.
One point of the food.
People are cute.
Five, six, seven.
I wonder if she's kind of that to do Fresny Guy.
Dominic Q.A. and hello.
Question about Dave George.
Yeah, George really has a got his push on him right now.
After arguing for years, vehemently, my God.
I mean, taking all the spotlight off of Josh Cortister, who's been given us the wrong scores
of it in a ballgame.
And that's what all potatoes now compared to this.
Because this is an ongoing year's long saga with George and the audience.
You're wrong, George.
No, I'm not.
Well, you know, they'd arrest them.
Happened to everybody.
Okay, you're wrong.
I mean, you know, well, it's like you with the invisible man thing for years, you said
that.
I still say it's Raymond, the man.
Yeah.
Yeah, new and now.
Well, not Rayman Land.
Raymond, the man, he was a driver at Hazel Parle.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six.
He's so clawed, Reigns and, you know, Reigns in Spain fall mainly in Uranus.
Dominic Q.A. and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Got one for your poll.
Okay.
Samuel Jackson, Jules from Pulp Fiction.
Jules from Pulp Fiction, okay?
Thank you so much.
Thanks.
Got it.
We got it.
How do I hit that movie or what?
If you hated that movie, then you're really going to love Reservoir Dogs, which was in the
same vein, but 100 times as boring.
You always say the same thing every time we dress thing, every time somebody messes in
some other reservoir dogs.
You always say, oh, boys, you like that fiction.
It just was not for me.
Okay, I'm not a pseudo intellectual.
Are you sure?
I just think that was what really turned me big time against Jeremy Volta.
And then I saw a couple of things where it was pretty good.
I kind of like, you know, give him another shot.
He's okay.
As long as he's not doing that, you know, I don't know.
He's Vinnie.
He's okay.
Yeah.
5670560, pound 5660 on the Verizon Marvel Singular while we got another butchered line
up today.
We had the best of us during this morning on tape, another rerun because it's a Jew holiday.
And then we got Mad Dog at two, whose aspirations they come.
And then we got Joseph Gackie.
The Polish boy there, he'll be on for a Mohawi David.
Because Mohawis, he's rubbing his titsus, you know, like a grasshopper, what's it?
Rubbs it in.
He's like, he's dead.
He's dead too.
Mohawis rubbing his titsus right now as we speak and probably got his tallest in the
whole deal.
His pay is right.
Oh, and he looked good now with that.
He's got nothing he's got no hair on there.
He looked lovely.
And anyway, Mohawis taken it off because it's the Jew holiday.
So Joseph Gackie will be on it for $6.30.
He got your Marlins on decade, huge game.
Let's have a little more than 12,000 people out there for Christ's sake.
Man, big devilhead yesterday, they get 12, six.
And put on a tremendous performance for you.
People last a couple of months down and all of a sudden it's like, wow, we're not interested.
We don't care.
My reign again.
We got to put up the plywood and the shutters just in case.
Get out there and quit with a BS.
What a horse and buggy town.
Plus all the money we're going to spend on the Panther games, I can spend on the Marlin
games because there ain't going to be no Panther season.
Don't be spending those gray, sending them your money.
Why wouldn't they listen to me?
I kept telling them and telling them do not.
And of course they keep, believe me, as a season ticket over, I know they keep sending
you.
Just fill up your mailbox and your voice mail with messages and things in the mail.
Oh, yeah, and be sure we knew your season tickets and we want more money right now.
We want that deposit.
And then of course, don't forget about those play-offs.
Right.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Oh, he's me.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Is this Neil show?
It sure is.
This is he.
Oh, hi.
I drew for the poll.
Two Franks, actually.
One Frank that is Hopper's Frank from Blue Velvet in Trink.
Three Frank's, Frank's, Frank's, Frater from Lucky Life.
Oh, good one.
Frank's, Frank's, Frank's over.
Yeah.
Sounds like lunch is ready.
Thanks.
All right.
Frank at Frater.
We had two ladies called today.
How do you like that?
Three.
Three women today.
We're ready to make some progress.
Don't you kid yourself, Mr. U. Watch.
You mark your words when that number comes out of you.
From tomorrow we got the trend comes out that's June, July and August.
And of course, that should start to show a little and not much.
It should show something.
Yeah, a little turn, a little uptick.
Because we could start a carrying stern August 16.
And probably a very, very little of a stern on this season is going to be reflected in this.
It's going to be the next one.
And that's going to be the biggie.
You'll see.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
Okay.
How are you?
Okay.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me.
Okay, Neil.
I got one for you.
Madeleine Khan was Lily Von Stup.
Yeah.
And the other one.
And Blake and Blake and Sattles.
Alex Carras as Mongo.
In Blazing Sattles.
Yeah.
Alex Carras.
Well, Mongo is the character, yeah.
Yeah, I know.
I'm just, well, you don't know who Alex Carras was.
Who was he?
A football player, D.C.R.
I know the actor.
Big football player.
Yeah, he was.
Yeah, he was.
Big football player.
A big fat football player.
Charhead.
There you go.
That's him.
Nobody cue Am hello.
I don't.
Nick.
Nick.
A Nick.
Welcome to the Nick Rogers Show.
How you doing?
Come to me, Nick.
Come to me.
For Christ's sake, Wow.
You'll kill you.
Haha.
Bye, Nick.
Good to meet you.
Wow.
I'm almost speechless at this point.
Nobody cue Am hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, still.
Oh, everything.
Everything is fine.
Just, uh, oh, we're fine.
Right.
Good, good.
Glad to hear it.
Join the show.
I got one for the pole.
Okay.
How about Gilbert's clone, uh, Rensfield from the original Dracula?
Excellent choice.
Magnet.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Hmm.
Yeah, right.
He'd never heard of fly.
Just like Tony Perkins, I'll be psycho.
He never heard of fly.
He might eat it, but he would never heard it.
Rensfield was good.
In fact, you know something.
He probably worked at QAM.
Hahaha.
Oh, guaranteed.
But if he worked at QAM, he would.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medication zone work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medication zone work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Well, it may be a surprise to some, it may be a lesson to others.
But that's exactly the case.
It's the outer bands, the outer frames of this hurricane, that may have been the costliest.
It's the neoroshers exclusively by the 60 QAM.
Men and they look like women.
God, here in the taxi cab, I said, driver, several parts.
Do do do do do do.
You look at me, so quizzically.
I could tell he was in a dark.
So I acted out my puncture in and with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug to speak English in a moment.
I went down to my, yeah, I met rich weather, whether it was nice and churny.
I walked into a litigastor, but a guy there, a fox, a little fauna.
I asked him for a pint of fortune, beamies, a naughty ender.
What does that mean?
Somebody's speaking English in a moment.
Oh, that cornered deli.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speaking English in a way.
Oh, you can go back to your last.
I'm learning a great lesson.
I came here for a month, years ago, when my baby she has.
I don't say much as grossy as I say pretty good.
So get yourself to a classroom, quit your American now.
Stop making this big.
You don't buy that speech English.
1 18 at 5.62m.
Don't forget the QM fan right now.
He'll too is at the Wendy's 8100 Northwide or West 33rd Avenue in Hylia.
Stop by to win some garbage prizes.
But why do they have registered when a Honda Civic hybrid from South Florida
community or community services and 5-7-7 in the Van Al also be at the public's at
1305 North University Drive and Coral Springs.
Look for the Rock Green Light Bear display.
Rock solid and spin the wheel for prizes.
It's almost like playing the wheel of fortune.
Ain't it?
Right.
The wheel is on effect.
Candidate John Edwards promised the West Virginia mother yesterday that if the Democratic
Ticket selected November, the military draft would not be revived.
All right.
During a question and answer session, the mother of a 23 year old who originally graduated from
West Virginia, you asked Edwards whether the draft would be reinstated.
Oh, there will be no draft when John Kerry is present and would send the statement
of the Durey Loud standing ovation.
Oh, man.
Can you believe that?
What a tragedy.
There must be schmutz like crazy.
Yeah, you're going to have to look at it.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Good job on it.
There's Hall of Honor.
Man, there's bacon and eggs.
There's Kishki.
I'm going to like that off and see if I can play it.
I'm going to schmure it.
Remember that whole business about the CD cleaners and the CD player.
I never got any of that stuff.
No.
This is not the player.
That way there was legitimate heavy duty.
It's probably one of those mornings I was eating bacon.
There probably are fewer things in the world because you have to touch it with your hands.
There's nobody's bacon with a fork.
You know, you eat it with your hands and it's like pure grease, man.
Can you imagine what that's doing inside your gut?
I think I did it.
Maybe.
What do you think?
So far so great.
Oh, I think I did it.
I'm dying on the hands.
It was like a burst.
Yeah, worse than the burst.
And today, the country's having fun with fun lunches.
I must say, find a way to cancel.
I'm not going to let the rags be found in the world.
Wow.
That is, if that ain't the best, we'll do that again one of these days.
Don't let me forget.
Not too soon.
We do have a lot.
Yeah.
I don't like repeating in polls.
That's a good one.
I'll probably have to go out and buy some more of this because we got these news shows.
Have you noticed all the great things from the news show?
I can't think of any.
560.
560.
560.
I'm going to be the one to see on the Verizon and Singular Wireless one.
Probably the theme from that 70 show is probably pretty popular.
Oh, yeah.
Come here, who am?
Hello.
Who am?
Yeah, the best team ever.
Y5O by far.
You're right.
Next to one of your great team, man.
Alright, I'm going there.
Okay, thanks.
Oh, now we're doing it.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Do it.
I just want to cry.
I'll tell you right now.
I just want to sit down and have a good old-fashioned cry.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's great.
Yeah, well, we'll just toss that in in between.
Okay, we're still doing the favorite movie characters, but we'll toss in a few of the TV things songs, too.
Yeah.
Just kind of like, mix and match sounds good.
Movie things would be good, too.
Yeah, we'll get some of those, too, although I don't have any.
It's a permanent poll.
Do we ever do movie things?
You know, I don't think we did.
Sure we did.
I think I got a John Tash movie thing collection over here.
Best song from a movie.
And what was the Aerosmith song from that space movie?
The Apocalypse or something?
69 or whatever that was.
I don't know.
Oh, come on.
You don't know.
You don't know your era.
I don't know.
The game was near the movie.
WDQM, hello.
Thank you, John.
Yes, Mr. Spock would be the logical choice.
Yes, no question about it.
Mr. Spock.
And you still haven't seen those spots with Bill Chantner and Leonard Nimoy?
Nope.
Shame on you.
WDQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
I got two wallets for your poll.
Neil Wallace, the Robert DeNiro character in the movie Heat.
And with him Wallace from Braveheart.
Okay.
And what is it all about?
I guess that just caught him right through right there.
5670560, 0560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
WDQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
I have two quick comments for your number poll.
Let me see.
Listen, have you heard this guy Mike Maloy?
You know who he is?
I have no idea who he is.
He is on the Air American network.
And let me tell you, I recommend if you have a listen to him.
He sure starts at 10.
And he has been shown by far on that whole network.
The show starts at 10 at night?
I can at night.
Maybe that's fine.
But nobody ever talks about it.
But it's the most clear, precise, because I know you don't like franking.
And I think that it's very scripted that show.
Man, very horrible.
He's all that too winy for me.
Oh, right.
And I mean, you can tell how scripted, you know he's on TV now, right?
You know?
Yeah.
It's ridiculous.
But I do recommend that show.
One question that I want to ask you, because I know you really don't like Bill Marr.
I can't stand him.
In fact, he was on King of Couplets when I saw a little bit of it then.
And even though I agree with 90% of what he says, he just makes me sick in my stomach.
He's just so old.
I thought what you didn't like was his position.
Because I think he is the only one above everybody else who uses the way.
Because he has a very good avenue to talk with our beings, I guess, the press.
And he does it.
He takes it to people every time he has it on his show.
I don't know if you watch this show, but it's very, very good.
Okay.
One of my polls.
Enjoyed my notice better than you.
It was a very popular Spanish guy.
Can't think for that.
Okay, yeah.
Who is it?
I think it's...
You got the wrong George.
You don't know him?
No, if they're not wearing songs, I don't know who they are.
But maybe it's kind of not a lot of fun.
Is that the moment we got in?
Are we going to the show?
Sorry, I'm going to the show.
What?
I don't know.
I'm lost and I'm like laying out on that.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Because nobody's space English anymore.
No.
WQA, hello.
QAM.
Neil, my queen.
Yes sir.
Speaking.
Hi, I'm called from West Palm.
Yes.
And get to stern.
My wife, she, so listen to the buzz.
And Stern came in and tore her up.
And you tore me up at first.
Because I used to listen to the molemyster.
And now that Joe's back at 7.
The Lagoly.
Right.
Yeah, he goes to 11.
So I got that little buffer between 7 and 11.
And I got Bob and Tom before 10.
No, I'm all set now in West Palm.
I was sweet.
What more can you want?
Yeah, as long as Stern's ass gets off by 11.
Because that's when that's when Rose, the big head and wing gets off.
And I got one for your poll.
Yes sir.
Uh, Josie Wales.
Yeah.
Yeah, and I know Jorgeo like that.
And then brother.
The outlaw of Josie Wales.
Yes sir.
And I had one more thing.
But uh, I think we're going to say Josie rocks.
No.
Because he's on this afternoon for mole.
Okay, have a great day, Polly.
Thanks Neil.
See ya.
Don't you think Josie rules?
No, but Josie does rock.
Okay, then.
26 past 1 a.m.
This is Paul's engine Neil Rogers.
I'm going to have this pollution turn on 566 to 8 a.m.
Then Neil Rogers.
Oh, you know that's too hard for you.
And I can get this down.
Yeah, do I make that sound?
I don't know, man.
All that peanut butter I guess.
Scorpions, caves, and no attractive wind in sight.
In the hope of boosting zacking ratings.
Tbh wants to know, will these two idiots survive Afghanistan?
Hey, uh, how are we supposed to vote if they just two of us left?
Do you?
I'll be happy just to win the Aztec.
What's this?
I don't know, man.
Better not talk.
Wait, thank you.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
I'm going to have to answer the question.
Yeah, I'll say it with them, so this is it plain themselves.
Not according to them.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Put them on there.
More the mirror.
Okay, how's that thing going?
So far, who is your all-time favorite movie character?
Don Colione, a man.
70 votes.
James Bond, 43.
Dirty Harry, 40.
Inspector Thusso, pink pantoo, 34.
20 Montana from Scarface, 28.
Pluto from Animal House, 27.
Darth Vader's got 25.
Hannibal Lecter 24, Michael Colione, 23.
Howard Beale from Network 21.
And the Jeff Lovaski from the Fat Lewinsky 19.
Randall McMurphy, you have two contestants, only 17.
How about you see there?
Well, I guess we covered that when we did the game.
Who's your favorite godfather character?
Did we?
Yes, we did.
Yes, we did.
Clemens Tessio, Coney, Prado, Pacini, Salute So,
Son of a luchy.
Fatagria.
Oh, man.
It's like a session.
It's like a sickest like an obsession.
And of course there's always Mary with a big schnauzon godfather three, with a huge gigantic
proboscis.
I would have pretend that movie never happened.
Stop.
Stop it.
See, I mentioned the Catholic Church said, well, if you're going to put all that nasty stuff
in there, which is all true, at least make it a bad movie.
So nobody will remember it.
Yeah, make it suck.
Right.
Well, the Catholic Church knows something about that.
Nobody can cue a, and hello.
Hey, man, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I was wondering if you caught that sick-free and Roy special last night.
I wouldn't have been sick-free and Roy would have watched that if he paid me by the second.
Yeah, I watched it.
I mean, it's pretty heart-warming to all the see, you know, him, you know, get better and
all that stuff.
But I mean, are they lovers?
No, I mean, I can't forget that.
Are they lovers?
Or are they, well, get a congressional committee to investigate that.
Are they lovers?
Well, let me see.
Let me think about that for a while.
Yeah, let's bring in Inspector Pusso and Sharlock Holmes and Miss Marple and all these
agres of Christy as well.
Huh?
Wow, that was good.
Mm-hmm.
And I think he was serious.
Let's see.
Okay, here's the fact that it says, Mike Boy at 10 p.m. is the bomb, fearless intelligence
and a nice, high, baritone voice, full of no punches, people should triumph as PD and NNB.
Mike Boy at 10 p.m. on Scare America.
Why the hell do we want to promote cheap channel?
That's the last damn thing I want to do.
Right?
No, seriously.
Why the hell do we want to promote them?
I mean, the goddess, one who tapes her alive hour that will horseball line up the
Vega.
Man, you talk about the state of radio and South Florida.
Wow, it is, I think, right now we may be in an all-time low.
All-time low.
You feel it?
Yeah.
I can't remember what it was like.
I just can't remember such a mess like a mishmash.
Nobody has any idea who's on first, what's on second?
Who's got the, it's a...
That too.
A team of Proctologists couldn't find the line up for this radio station.
I'm talking about the one I'm sitting at right now, or at least talking on brother.
Let me take a look at that schedule for next week, now that you mentioned.
I never even looked at those things a week and hit what's the point?
It's depressed.
Let's see, man, we got, oh, that's right, Monday.
Like I said, we lower our schedule.
We got the Marlon pregame at 12.30, Marlon's and the Cubs.
Oh, brother, what a huge, double-hitter that is.
Wow.
Am I right or?
Of course, by that time, I might be at a moot point, you know.
How many games do we have to go, Josh?
About 20-something?
Yeah, 27.
27.
So that could be a very humongous double-hitter Marlon's and the Cubs starts at 105 and pregame at 12.30.
Then let's see, on Tuesday, you got Mad Dog and Moa Howard-David is...
Don't do it, don't do it.
...continues and continues and continues.
And then we got Thursday, you got Hurricane Game Day at 4 o'clock.
Because you got the Heracunes and...
Oh, oh, brother, look at this.
Seriously, I can't believe what I'm reading here.
Hurricane's game day starts at 4 o'clock on QA.
And then at 6.30, switches to Power 96, 96.5 FM.
Because then we got the Marlon pregame on QA.M.
And then you got the Philly Center Marlon's at 705, followed by Houston Courage and the Heracunes at 7.45 on power.
Oh, it's just...
You can get Vertigo just trying to figure that day out next Thursday.
Then, a week from Saturday the 25th, we've got question mark and mysterious at the Mekasukis because you're rosin here.
No more, he's over there on 7.90, he's gonna find job.
So then we got the...
And what about Kelty?
I thought he was doing the Saturday thing, isn't it?
Oh.
Oh, it is just a massive mess.
It's another Greg Read F&Mess.
Nice going, Greg, you idiot.
WDQ-AM, hello.
NIL?
Yes, sir.
How can you get three purple hearts and not just in a nightmare hospital?
Yeah, I don't know.
They're looking to mirror, find out.
5.670, 5.60, boy, you talk about a Yahoo right there.
There is the boy, there's the guy's calling, right from Bush Country.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Find out over the eight.
Hey, maybe if he talks to your wife, say, to carry him to the house and bleed for you, he'll bleed all over your carpeting.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Yeah, but I heard it though, and now I got the winner for your poll.
Okay.
It's Jim Scott, he's the heat, the boy, the heat.
And I got Robert Stockdown torchables all come down with a win with Clark Gable.
Wow.
Anything else?
Yeah, but which one is his favorite theme?
And of course, now one of those was the name of the character in the movie.
It's called Nevertheless.
The great job, Halle, it was truly intentional.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
I'm doing great.
I got a great one for the poll.
Okay.
Judge Schmails.
Judge Schmails.
From Daddy's shack.
Oh, I want to have burger.
I want to see you burger.
You'll get nothing you like it.
Sensation, okay, thanks, Pallee.
Got it?
Yeah.
Isch-Mail.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Hey, Dorn.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
Speaking.
Yeah, a question for you.
How do you feel about the Hurricane Dog Hunt this year in Brockville, Ann?
I think the old one go to Berlin, okay?
Good segment.
This year, and Black Shoes and Socks.
Or a clown, ho-ho.
Yeah.
As a matter of fact, I forgot to mention one thing before I hung up on that guy.
The Hurricane, f***ing blow.
And we've seen a lot evidence of that recently.
You know, it seems a Neil Rogers.
Correct.
That's a big set.
That's a big joke like a dog, Alex.
Guy f***ing blow.
Let me tell you something, Pallee.
Long week states that girls go, ooooh.
Prepare yourself for the ultimate showdown of the evil.
Agen, who is a spreader.
Look for your eyes.
Wait.
Come back.
It's ready from nightmare and Elk Street.
And Jason's reporting to 13.
That's right.
The ultimate showdown of evil just got evil.
It's alien versus predator versus Freddy versus Jason.
There's evil everywhere.
Wait.
That's right behind the children's door.
That's so dolled.
That's shocking from childhood.
Now, the ultimate showdown of evil isn't just evil.
It's ultimate.
It's alien versus predator versus Freddy versus Jason versus Jackie.
This can't get any scary.
You'll get this can.
It's the guy from the tank who's James Thomas.
That's he fell his nail.
It's alien versus predator versus Freddy versus Jason versus Jackie versus Lothar.
What are they all fighting up?
I think it's over.
Who gets caught killing?
It's not.
It's a really long day.
Don't miss.
It's alien versus predator versus...
You get the idea.
In theaters now.
144 Mad Dog 2.
What about the theme from Cheers?
Oh, please don't.
Speaking of Tom Jikken, I'm not playing more themes.
Speaking of Tom Jikken, is he like Bush?
Is he like A Wall now?
Everybody, three or four days, they put another one of those puff pieces on some TV show, some fall show on her.
He hasn't written anything about anything going on in the South Florida market for how many weeks now.
But third man.
Hey Tommy, we're setting the search party up for it.
Also bringing you a battery operator radio just in case.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Oh hey, Neil.
Yep.
Geet and Tron.
Got him.
Thank you.
Hey George, Geet and Tron.
Alright, we'll put him under.
Okay, together.
WDQA and Hello.
Yeah, I got him for the poll.
Okay.
Not good, not good, not good.
Okay, good.
It's already on there.
Gavini QA and Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah, hang on one second.
I'll put you there.
Okay.
Hang on, hang on.
I'm going back on.
Shit, I'm all over it.
Oh yeah.
That was very special.
What a great half hour.
Yeah, be sure to put that one under too.
It's already on there.
That was the first choice.
Okay, you're right.
There's a lot of f*** on there, right?
Now that you mentioned it.
Okay, let's just kind of recap now.
Yes, we've got.
Who's your all-time favorite movie character we asked and done Corleone.
He's got it, lickman.
73 for the old odd father.
James Bond, 45 for the Harry 41.
Inspector Cluso, 35 for the Montana from Scarface.
He'll be having 28th, Darth Vader, 28th, Bludo from Animal House, 28th, Hannibal, 24th.
Michael Corleone, 23th.
Howard Biel, 21th, Jeff Lemousky, 19th.
Randall P. McMurphy has got, was he got, 17th.
Ace Ventura 17th, Alex D. Large Barge has got 17th.
Andy Dufresny Dufresny, 15th.
Forest Dump 14, Mad Max has got 13th.
Clark Rizwald from Vacation 10, never saw that.
Did you see you saw it?
Yeah, it's all right.
And it's okay.
Jeff's been coolly.
Which can't say spick.
Jeff Canole, Fast Times at Richmont High 9th.
Indiana Jones has got 8th.
Carl Spackler from Catashax 7th.
Darity's got 7th.
Ah, he's still on the Yellow brick road.
And look who she went into.
P.V. Herman, he's got 6th.
Bill the butcher, 6th.
Sergeant Hartman, Full Metal Jacket 5.
Quint from JAWS 5.
Quint from Dark Shadows, he ain't under yet.
Shylock Holmes has got 5th.
Buffalo Bill 5.
Alex Foley from Beverly Hills Cup 5.
George Bailey, it's a wonderful life 5.
George Beasley don't have any.
Josie Wales from the Outlaw Josie Wales 4 and a bunch of other stuff.
Small potatoes, the other ones.
WQA him, hello.
Hello, me.
Yes, sir.
Forgot one for your pull.
Hug you there from Star-Skin Hutch.
Do it.
I think we're having professional problems.
Wow.
How many QA'am, hello.
Hola.
You can do it, ma'am.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hey, I just want to do an offer on aiming the Aida mix.
I don't know what you're doing.
I just want to throw in 100 Thompson.
100 Thompson from...
I fear a little thing in Las Vegas or where the Buffalo Room.
Okay.
You know what you know about George?
I know about it.
I saw one of those movies.
You know.
I still haven't seen the other one, Josh.
Let's go to this weekend.
Or else.
WQA him, hello.
Go to show, ma'am.
Go to show, ma'am.
Go to show, hello.
Go to show and beg for forgiveness, ma'am.
Yes, sir.
I got some for pull, but two quick items.
There's some bush muskow.
Bush muskow.
I'm sitting a chocolate behind the right wing triple slam.
You've got the bush chained bumper sticker,
the little fish emblem, and the Chew's life license tag.
Oh, ho, ho.
Probably that fan asked governor, it's probably his brother.
Hey, both my license tag, how many of you bigger
are actually pro choice?
Dr. Ardemann.
Second on, anybody catch the daily show report
about the Cuders Festival last night?
No.
It's repeated at seven o'clock.
I nearly wet myself.
It said seven o'clock in Comedy Central.
Okay.
And closing for the point used to be Jersey Wheels.
Now it's Beatrix Cuddo, the bride from Kill Bill.
Okay.
All right.
See you.
Take care, bye.
You got that?
Josh has it.
Josh has it.
I didn't see Kill Bill, part one or part two, did you?
Yes.
Both.
And you would have killed it.
They were, one was better than the second one.
Yeah.
So they're putting two genital movies.
I mean, you know, they're good parts and bad parts.
They are slow, though.
Kind of like Emma Chicken, good parts and bad parts.
There you go.
Like the poopic isn't it?
You are the center of new, new, new, new, new, Roger.
It's exclusively advice to you, new, new, new, new, new.
Roger, time.
I have no idea.
That's the movie.
All I start watching Fox News.
No.
No.
Don't want to shake up.
Down in Washington DC.
Because best presentance is still the chainy.
Abu Ghar Rape tells me how much food.
They can drink in four days.
Now that the grand old party's here.
In New York.
Which is a big apple spread.
If you don't come, follow.
But he's still here.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
I'm dying of a sin.
Speaking to Maury of newspaper, Mr. Shruom,
a direct reference to the Hema spiritual leader,
Shik off-Madeyasi, who was assassinated by a missile
in Gaza in March, and a successor
as the Islamic Resistance Movement's leader
would kill by the Israelis the following month.
We operated against them when we thought the time was suitable.
On the matter of error, Fart will operate in the same way
when we find convenient and suitable time.
One needs to find the time and do what has to be done, he said.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Okay then.
I guess.
There'll be peace.
There you go.
That's right.
He's got that road map out in front of him,
and we're on the way to peace.
Peace of this and the peace of that.
Speaking of that, Lionel Tate, who's a peace, in my opinion.
He can, so does Maury.
Rao, bigger peace.
He stood before a borrowed county judge.
Today, he said he'd not violate his probation
less than eight months after being freed from prison,
the killing of a six-year-old playmate.
If county judge Joel Lazarus finds the tape willfully
vibrate in terms of his probation he faces 18 years
of life in prison, Lazarus said and date about
October 49 for an evidence he were hearing.
Tate freed in January is part of an agreement
that included community service,
house arrest, regular counseling and probation,
is accused of violating probation by carrying a weapon
and leaving his mother's Pember Park townhouse.
And then we have the story she kicked him out,
went and doubt, and it should have.
He has remained in jail since the September 7th
arrest by BSOWDFUD.
Richard Rosenbaum, Tate's attorney,
said he's been negotiating with prosecutors
to reach a settlement on Tate's sentence
based on the defense claims that the knife
is not considered a weapon under state law
and that the knife was found on the ground
and not in Tate's pocket as police reported
and the role of Tate's mother, Kathleen Gossetate,
in Tate's most recent problems.
There have been conversations on what the sale
will be recommending Rosenbaum.
Studies optimistic to state will not recommend a life sentence.
How's Nathaniel, what's his name doing, Hawthorne?
Brazil.
Brazil.
That'd be a replacement to send him,
like in your younger ones, you know?
With the cannibals.
Right.
And speaking of the Ariel Shiro and that part of the world,
finally, finally, we have some of this,
this story is almost can't be possibly true.
The state department's idea yesterday
that Saudi Arabia, our good Shmata-Waring friends,
have engaged in particular a severe violations
of religious freedom and for the first time,
included the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, a key US ally
on list of countries that could be subject to sanctioned.
Oh my God.
I like that.
A lot.
Yeah.
A little bit on the late side,
I wonder what old Prince Shmata is going to be thinking
about that next time, Prince Vandar Bush.
Yeah, that's going to upset the Bushes.
Next time he comes to smoke those big,
expensive Cuban cigars and drink their fine wine
at the White House.
While he's spailing away all of this other crap
that's going on.
But don't forget, thank you for those low gas prices, Mr. President.
We don't want to forget to say that
before we get on here today.
Don't forget to vote.
We've got about 400 selections on there,
for who's your all-time favorite movie character,
Don Corleone.
I mean James Bond is second,
but not even the same league, right?
Right.
Don Corleone, he's coming.
He's got 78.
Madbox coming up next and then Joe Zagaki
and we apologize for that for the same thing.
Bye bye bye.
I'll rest my soul.
Your conscience is in control.
I'll rest my soul.
I'll rest my soul.
I'll give you four more days.
I'll die.
I'll die.
I'll die.
I'll die.
I'll die.
