Mars of A.G.O.
We're counting on you, baby.
H.D.
Radio Digital
Digital signal.
We're counting on you.
We're counting on you.
We're counting on you.
So we're counting on you.
My heavy forward data.
Why not?
If I can't allow it, I will be about to...
Coming soon to an Iraqi state of near-U.
It's the consul festival you've been dying to see.
Malabu Lusha.
All of your favorite cutting-edge alternative terrorists on one stage for one
explosive performance.
Malabu Lusha.
Seats such gem-sized artists as Mokata Al-Sar.
His deputy Mustafa Al-Yatubi.
And 963 other names we carry them from now.
If you want to see a consul tour that's completed, follow G.I.T.
You won't want to miss Malabu Lusha.
And coming later this summer, it's Gaza fast, starring Osama Osborn.
I am Iron Man.
Good luck, you...
Yes, sir.
101560 WQM.
Happy Wednesday to a man the pressure is building toward 11.30 tomorrow morning.
Can't you smell it?
I smell something.
Well, that's because death left the room not too long ago.
He left a lingering aroma because of the pressure that's building toward the big
book coming out tomorrow.
I think that this rating book may be the most cataclysmic in the history of the
Sanfoyle market.
Don't I always say that?
No.
I mean, once in a while I'll say, I think this, you know, portends our future or something like that.
But I think tomorrow is the dividing line.
And it's a question of who's going to be crossing that line and who's going to
just kind of collapse.
Yeah.
Anyway, we'll get into that.
Because let's see, we got, let's see, 1024, 25 and a half hours, less two minutes,
25 hours, 28 minutes.
But who's counting?
Till those numbers start coming out tomorrow.
And I think WBGG could be the most unbelievable collapse in the history of San
Florida radio.
They're just going to vanish.
Just like that station in San Diego.
Team Tannels going to get theirs, baby.
I'm telling you that.
They're going to take a dump.
Now, the good news about Fallujah is that the ceasefire is still in effect.
That's what they're telling us.
The bad news is we're watching the battle going on with the Marines and the insurgents as we speak.
It's been on for like an hour and a half.
So the idiots at CNN who consider that you're all got the mentality of a three-year-old are telling us,
breathlessly, that, oh, the good news is the ceasefire is still in effect.
The bad news is, of course, they're like having a few countertops.
Just isolated incidents.
That's why that smoke has been billowing up in the air for like the last several hours.
At any rate.
What are we doing there?
Who's waiting?
What are they doing there?
Look for the keyword.
They're going to be banded a five to seven and anchors away at Beach Place in Fort Lauderdale,
stopped by to spin the wheel for prizes.
And, ah, ah!
We'll settle a little while ago.
You're starting to move into those territories and those gray areas.
And registered to win 300 scratch-off tickets from the Florida lottery.
That would bring me out there.
What's the lottery up to 15 million?
It's the anchors away party for the air and sea show today at Beach Place
and we'll be there QM five to seven in Fort Lauderdale.
Now, here's the results of yesterday's pool.
And we're going to wrap this thing up with two more today.
I don't want to drag this out all week.
We could put other categories in everybody against kind of ponderous.
Which of these people best fits the description of two gay?
Now, some of you got it and many of you didn't get it.
Many of you just as usual thought, oh, just name a bunch of people you think are gay.
Just name some people you suspect are being a fag.
Yeah, that's where that Louis Anderson.
And I want to retract my apology to that guy yesterday.
I can't just feel bad because I thought he was full of crap.
Well, Louis Anderson to me is not like a screaming little queen.
He's just a never.
You hit a red and a red.
He's a never.
Yeah.
Just a round little goofy guy.
Two gay Richard Simmons.
Well, at least the audience got it right.
367.
I mean, come on.
I get your hands away from my neck.
You screaming fairy you Christopher Lowell 179 came in a nice second.
Liberace 130 with or without that candle.
Abra.
Maybe he was just Jewish.
He was celebrating the Hanukkah all the time.
Maybe it was a menorah.
Jim J Bullock and after the top three was a real cat fight.
Jim J Bullock and that drug were tied 65 a piece ever seen together.
No.
Same person just a hat for the disguise.
Queer eye guys all five of them 64 Harvey Firestein ages me out.
Harvey had 63.
I had 60.
It was kind of like a real battle in there for the minor spoils.
Boy George 47 Rosio Donald and Truman Capote 43 a piece.
Michael Jackson 42.
Charles Nelson Riley 37.
Place Akin 32.
Do we have that big place Akin ainess?
Yeah, actually Paul and no we don't.
Paul and 31.
Secret and Roy 24.
Ricky Williams 24.
He's straight as an arrow man.
We got a fact from a guy who knows him who hangs with him in the hood and Ricky Williams
is not always rumors about him or crap.
Little Richard 22 every flash or 17 missed Kamala the weather fairy has taken over.
Isn't that something?
He got 15 and the other weather fairy Brian or cross only nine.
So I guess Bill Kamala has the official title now for South Florida of the official weather
furry numero uno.
Brian or crosses has been relegated now to weather furry junior.
Elton John 13.
Janorino a dozen Bruce V. Lance 12 with a yellow hair.
Alan Susa doesn't.
Fiki Carlos at our front desk 12 probably from inside the building.
Ellen degenerate 11.
Define was tied with little Brian or cross nine a piece.
Andy Warhol 8.
Rex Reed 7.
Isaac Mizraki.
Jack Horkheimer ripped torn a H. had six.
Freddie Mercury George Michael Nick Carter 5 a piece.
Murf Griffin 3.
He denies that vehemently.
Johnny MacRis 2 drew Michael's head a pair drew.
Oh, one for Louis Anderson one for David Hyde Pearson.
I have no idea who that is one and no.
This is amazing out of over 1500 vote.
Do you see this?
Do I see what?
What do you hold on the Jim neighbors had the big oh.
Salmoneo Oh Tony Geary.
How will we spell the wrong?
Oh, oh James Brown.
Oh Johnny Versace.
Oh and Dira Hall.
Oh, none.
There was last six categories there.
Jim neighbors wasn't 2k.
Rocks that he was just right.
And what about Salmoneo?
They don't remember who that is.
He's been dead a very long time.
Oh Tony Geary.
We don't have any people watching general hospital.
Thank goodness.
And I don't know.
So that killed a couple of hours with that and they naturally
that we're going to milk it for all weekend.
Because we're just I'm not going to make any pretense to you.
We're just in fact I'm going to go along with that critical
cost of facts.
We got a couple of days ago from JJ BB whatever was in the Pember
Fines.
Today we're just Biden time.
We're just running off the clock.
Right.
Push back because tomorrow when those number of push
fashion and coasting.
Welcome to the coast.
When the numbers come at level 30 tomorrow it's going to be just a wild
time.
You will see.
I think we'll do fine.
We'll be okay.
Oh we're fine.
But the cheap channel stations they must be getting real
nervous about the reaction of the audience to their crap.
And you might be interested in knowing which company bought out more acquired
more stations in 2003 than any other.
Here you got to write cheap channel.
Oh!
Yeah is if they don't have enough already.
Okay the first two hours today which of these people best fits the description
of?
Two Cuban.
We did two Jewish in the first two hours yesterday.
Two gay in the second two hours.
And which of these people best fits the description of two Cuban.
I only started with two.
Ilya N. Ross-Latin and Alex Penelas although you may see that written out
a little differently on the pool.
We just can't say that no more.
Alex.
Perkina.
I got one to add.
Who's that?
What are yours?
Ramon Saur Sanchez.
Oh yeah Ramon Saur Sanchez.
Yeah.
What a piece of crap.
Is he still going up and down the intercostal and is yacht with his pet bandage?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now on our behind-to-beating curtain thing today we would like to give you a little heads
up on that to start the show or be there who can take a peek at it if you're over the age of 55 and have many
poignant pieces of ID.
It's Eman again.
No, it's not.
No, it's not.
It isn't?
No.
Of course not.
Who is it?
It's Kerry Werr.
Oh, he changed a picture on me.
Right on you.
I don't understand.
Why do you do that?
That wasn't the picture we had of Eman yesterday.
It wasn't the practice picture.
Oh, and so I don't have any, uh, that's bad.
I don't have any bio.
I don't have any info.
I don't even know who she is.
Kerry Werr.
Sure.
She's been in a lot of movies.
Uh, she's shown her breasts a lot.
Then she started feeling self-conscious about it and took her in, plants out.
No, you never see him again.
She was also a little...
Kerry Werr.
Well, I guess during the break, I'm going to be in a assignment.
I'll have something to do there.
Two of that TV show, Sliders.
Have any of your partners?
Sliders around.
Sliders.
I thought you got those away, Arnold's.
This is what I thought you got.
Yeah, that's what that lot of people called him, little greasy hamburgers.
They call him Sliders.
How is Wayne doing, by the way?
We haven't heard about Wayne and, uh,
all our good friend, Hudson Yash.
And that crowd?
Yeah, that's right.
You guys can get some of that chow next week.
Well, feast.
Uh-huh.
With the beast.
So, wait, wait, that's our new pool.
And I got some stuff.
First of all, before I see there, they're going to go nuts with this Cuban thing.
You'll see.
Oh, yeah.
It was Cubans!
Cubans!
And rightfully so.
Suspicious white powder found in mail at Bill Clinton's office.
This former president Bill Clinton's office was briefly evacuated yesterday.
After a worker opened a package containing a suspicious powder police set.
A secret service agent assigned the Manhattan office opened the package yesterday morning.
A letter and a file of powder were inside preliminary tests were negative for anthrax.
The city and department of health would conduct further tests.
They said Clinton was not in the office when the package was opened.
The building was evacuated for two hours while police investigated.
The agent was not heard but was examined in a hospital as a precaution just to be on the safe side.
And it said it went so on.
So, a little powder in Bubba's office yesterday.
Maybe it was kind of like a peace offering from his success.
He was some of those leftovers from several years ago.
Could be.
Although we don't want to hear about that because what he did 30 years ago was not important.
Whether carried through those metals over the fence or not.
Well, that's very, very important indicates he's just unfit to serve.
I got a very, very scary column here from the village voice.
Which I'm going to read.
John Kerry must go.
I'll get to it.
First, Aero America loses two top executives.
Oh my God.
Things are not looking too awfully good.
Let's take up a collection in case the goddess has to come back to town.
And take Hayderman, head and department.
Aero America loses two top executives.
Mark Walsh, former AOL executive and Democratic National Committee operative,
who announced the launch of the network.
An aunt this week, he has stepped down as the network CEO.
The network also confirmed that Dave Logan, Aero America's vice president for operations and programming has been replaced.
According to Chicago Trib, Liz Winstead, co-host of the Mid-Morning Show,
unfiltered, has taken over as the head of programming.
A American chief counsel, David Goodfriend, is acting as the chief operating officer.
The CEO.
Oh, oh.
Chairman Evan Cohen said the departures were just part of the normal growing pains of a startup.
Businesses have an evolutionary process he told the trip.
If you're looking for a shake-up at Aero America radio, that's a creation in your own mind.
Right.
Are they on in LA?
No.
Are they on, I don't know, did they ever get up back on in Chicago?
I guess they did.
And they got to find a new station by April 30th, which is Friday.
So starting next week, they got to be on a new station both in LA and in Chicago.
They got Sirusman and we can call him just growing pains.
Do you believe that?
No.
They got problems.
Line 9 is going to give us an email.
Bet QA and hello.
Ricky Ricardo is Cuban.
Ricky Ricardo was too Cuban.
We want to put Desianna's on her.
He was...
We could put him on her.
Lucy.
Yeah.
Like an intentional stereotype.
How do you know that?
What?
They played that up on Lucy.
Lucy.
Not a lot.
He was no build attack.
Although he did yell a lot.
He did talk out loud.
10, 12, at 5, 60, QA.
5 and a local, the 65 cities.
There are years old yours.
Oh!
QA and...
Were you Drudge Packin'?
What do you really rather have a Cuban?
A Cuban?
59, Cuban.
Hey, great.
But the African, the 59, Cuban.
A private couple's as a far.
Now as I really would rather have a Cuban, Cuban.
With all new Cuban engineering that converts a boat of a car into a boat.
Arrived on shore, luxuriously in a real juvenile canoe.
With tail fins high enough to sell you across the lanes and into the sea as if it floats.
What do you really rather have a Cuban?
A Cuban?
59, Cuban.
Now the age of 59, Cuban.
A car that always bars a far.
10, 17, at 5, 60, WQM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
Look at the way that Joshua spelled Desi Arnez.
It's enough to make a grown man even a small child cry.
I was talking about that.
I knew that that's how it came up.
D-E-Z-I.
D-E-Z-I.
Oh my God.
It's an A-R-N-E-Z.
Well, at least you spelled them both wrong, anyway.
At least change the first one, D-E-S-I.
See, remember it was like, I'm sure you've seen I love Lucy, the reruns.
You must have seen it.
Yeah.
And at the end, this is a Desi loop production.
How do they spell that?
How many Z's are in Desi loop?
Oh, there was five Z's when he was five years old.
I see.
Kerry Werr has found success as a singer, model in actress.
A Ford model at the age of 13.
She was cast in her first feature film, Fire With Fire, when she was 17.
In 1988, she appeared on MTV as a VJ host of the popular Mott Quicheo Remote Control.
In between her many TV and film roles, she attended N-Y-U's drama department study
with the famed actress teacher Uda Hagen.
Who'da thought it?
Who the hell is Uda Hagen?
After moving to L.A., she landed principal roles on the Fox Network's Class of 96.
The ever-popular Beverly Hills 90210 and Sliders.
The science fiction adventure series on which she played Maggie Beckett opposite Gerry O'Connell.
She was seen in the thriller Anna Konda opposite John Boyd, Eric Stoltz, Jennifer Lopez,
Ice Cube, and in Phoenix, starring with Ray Lyod and Angelica Houston.
Among her numerous feature film credits are No Global Roles and Stephen King's Thinner.
And the crossing guard starring Jack Nicholson and Angelica Houston.
She recently completed production and independent films The Medicine Show
and do it with Bronco Mani and we'd like to watch.
Well, there you go.
So there she is, Kerry Werr is behind the beat of Curtin Today.
Really great news is that I got my full test results here from Hollywood Diagnostic Center.
Yeah.
And it said you're still alive.
It says, in fact, if you look as good on the outside as Uda on the inside, you'd be in good shape.
Hey, we can't all look good on the outside.
As a matter of fact, when you get to be this age, because it really doesn't make them as different
anymore anyway, you're just real happy to look good on the inside.
I should probably read this whole thing about the total body scanning proceeds
from the skull based through the level of the pubic synthesis.
Can we say pubic synthesis?
Uh-oh.
I'm not going to read it.
Let me know when you're going to read that whole thing.
Oh, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T of Horizon Wireless Line.
Iliana Ross-Lateman and Alex Penelosite.
Looks like I got a couple of good pair on there to start with.
You know who else we need to put on there?
Meanie Leap not sooner.
Rick Sanchez.
Oh, yeah.
He's a possible winner of two pulls in just a few days on the show.
Few others can make that claim, except only one that I can think of.
Absolutely.
A moment.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, it's near good morning for you.
You serve our host.
My latest.
Mars Reseas.
That's it up.
I hope you don't have it yet.
Okay, thank you.
Oscar came over to us.
Well, no, he's going to say another.
Yeah, he was.
Well, one.
See, which of these people best fits the description to Cuban,
which we allow you one a piece, whichever one you think is the most to Cuban,
there are many, many people I'm sure who we think are to Cuban,
just like the one to Jewish and to gay and to black, which we'll do later on and to whatever.
I think these four cover pretty well, don't you?
Yeah.
Now, if we were going to.
If we were going to do a pull on who do you spies the most,
what soft floor to well-known person do you hate the most?
Mo and Rick Sanchez.
I think we've done that many times in the past because they like to unleash their hatred, you know?
No, it's always OJ and Mo.
OJ and Mo and not Rick Sanchez?
No.
Oh, I think you're making a mistake.
We might have to do that later on this week.
I'll explain.
Maybe tomorrow.
Good evening, QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Does it feel?
Sounds like me.
Hey, how are you today?
Pretty good.
I'm standing.
I've just calling about that awesome lighting game last night.
Did you watch it?
That was a great game over time, man.
They tied it up with 16 seconds left in the Le Cabo de A.
And then Freddie O.D. in the X-Leaf factor scores the winning goal a minute and someone knew over time.
You know what?
I think they're for real.
They are for real.
And even better news is Calgary beat Detroit in the late game three to two last night.
So, somebody...
Let me tell you, Detroit's got a lot of old players in Calgary.
That's right.
The very physical team.
They're going to knock the crap out of them.
The old teams are going to fall by the wayside, including my beloved Toronto make believes, I think, or they've had it.
So the old guys, you know, they're done.
How about Tampa Bay in Calgary in the Cop Flannel?
Can you imagine a ratings for that?
Wow.
That looks good.
Great.
Thanks a lot, Caly.
5-6705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
I'm sure we had how many people this audience watched Tampa Bay Montreal last night.
But third, man.
Get hockey fans, baby.
They're into a deeply-make no mistake about it.
Wouldn't you think?
Huh?
You might have to play some Leafs TV.
There's Jim, what's his name?
Papand.
All the same.
All the same.
Jim happens.
Actually, don't be tapped now because Duffel come right out.
What's that sound?
Oh, it sounds like...
It's great.
It's great.
Thank you, ma'am.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How about Gloria's stuff on her...
Gloria is excellent.
I forget about him.
He's small potatoes.
Gloria's perfect choice.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
And...
Is that...
Volani.
Volani.
Oh, yeah.
Gloria's step on.
She can't sing.
She's annoying.
And she just won't go away.
It's one of those kind of people.
She just refuses to leave the scene.
Kind of like Ellis Rubin.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
No, seriously.
Just keep hanging around, hanging around, hanging around.
Hey, Ellis, we know you've got a lot of publicity and go have a good life.
Get out of our face.
Somebody cue a, and hello.
Hey, how about many Diaz?
Many Diaz is perfect, though.
Du Cubano, man.
Mochis Gracia, is that me?
Oh, you got it, boy.
Are we bit-ergy?
Oh, sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This article here, I don't know.
And there's another one by Max Castro.
I don't want to sit here and read a lot of bedtimes, especially another Josh's back misspelling a lot of names.
But the one by Max Castro from back March 15 in Progressor Weekly.
And I thank the person who sent this to me from I have had it sit in there, and I never got around to reading it.
I think today would be a propitious time.
Not the whole thing.
It's two-dang long.
But just enough of it.
I mean, it's pretty long.
You know?
No, I don't know.
It's called Israel in the state of democracy in Miami.
Another tremendous shot at the Harold.
By Max Castro's columnism carried by the Harold anymore, you'll notice.
Who exposes them for the pandewars and the fakers they are.
Boy, do we hate the Harold on this show?
Or what?
The spy.
And the Sun Sentles is just a piece of crap.
You know?
They are what they are.
But the Harold goes the extra nine yards to be a real pandering piece of turd.
How do I Glenn Garvin?
Nice job on a radio censorship and EFCC.
Nice job lately, man.
You're really on top of it.
He's got some crap puff piece about some piece on a PBS tonight about, who knows what?
That's his article today.
Glenn Garvin.
Man, you are so out of touch.
You fit in perfect with that newspaper.
God forbid that anybody who's supposed to be like the radio TV person for either newspaper really writes regularly about radio.
At least, Jik has written a few columns.
I'm not turnin' man.
I bought all the censorship stuff.
Although I noticed he's back, you know, he's reverted to form.
WQA, and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
On the bowl?
Yes.
Elliott Rodriguez.
Elliott Rodriguez.
From Channel 4 News, which I despised like poison.
Very good choice.
Thank you.
Yeah, when he gives the news, it's always through John this eye.
You know what I mean?
Yellow.
All Elliott Rodriguez.
That's one of the reasons that a lot of people despised Channel 4 News is because they know there's no objectivity.
Like, hello.
You know, in fact, back during the alienito days when Rick Sanchez was actually on the year making phone calls to the cell phone in that car, do you realize?
No, no, no.
Seriously, you talk about number one being interfering, number two having no credibility whatsoever.
I mean, being so emotionally wrapped up in the whole thing that he's making editorial comments on the earth, he's going along and trying to call him.
Oh, turn around and go back to me.
He's been canceled, which turned out to be bogus.
Bed information.
And luckily they either wouldn't answer the cell phone or they were busy ordering happy meals for alienito for when he got to sister Jean the dancing machines palace.
Wow.
What a what a sad state of affairs, you know, South Florida's got so much potential.
Beautiful beaches, beautiful palm trees, the ocean, all of these things, you know.
All of these things.
Right.
Man, if we could just arrange a people transplant, it would be dang pleasant.
And you know, I mean, there are certain months like July and August when we could live without it.
A little bit too hot and humid, mosquitoes, the size of bowling balls, but other than that, it could be fabulous.
It could be part of that rather fake expression paradise.
It could be paradise.
Absolutely.
Without him, which of these people best fits the description of two Cuban?
Ilya Narosletan Scott.
But third man Alex Pinellas 15, Desi Arnez, oh, that's going as closer.
Six, six, Maris Grisias for Ramon, South Los Angeles three, Rick Sanchez three, Gloria Stefan one.
And many dears is going to move up later soon.
Hi, ladies.
This is Victor here for more videos.
I'm Alex E.
UAM.
Practice man.
Reaction that it can this time.
The question was around."
Years for 3000, wife Peter is¸
��¸
To Boots of The Bulls of the World
To Boy, to junior...
TEACH INTไC
Get out of here.
1031
How could we have gone this long and not had him on their...
I thought of it. How about you sign it right now though?
So, Kathojo, I can't wait to see how Josh spells that.
And now Eric emails me with kind of a caustic note here about how he changes the
picture in the behind-to-beated curtain 930 every morning.
Okay. Okay. A little shot there. I'm I'm almost positive that was not the same picture of
Iman that we had on the rest today. I don't know. There's a different one. I can be wrong about that.
I'm pretty sure. By the way, Desi Arneza spelled correctly in the poll so I don't know what it is now.
So, you don't know what? What you were talking about is what I was going to say.
When you said that he almost has it spelled right before the break?
Oh, well, I don't I don't know. Okay. All I know is that there is no Z in Desi Lou.
And anyway, now Z in the right way. You're assuming off course there. And by the way,
it's not 930 every morning or it's more like 945. Not that it makes any difference.
But let's get it right. Okay. If you want to nitpick and start a big saw in the dance about the
pictures behind it, you're doing a wonderful job. Eric just calmed down a little bit.
Some of those really good breakfast burgring would cheese are very, very good for you.
Hmm. That doesn't get stabilized as blood sugar. The ones from Burger King. What do they call those?
From Burger King? So yeah. I thought we had each other. No, no, they're breakfast.
I'll take a little more. That's the only good thing they have. What the hell do they call those? Those are
all the cross sandwiches. I thought that was Dunkin' Donuts. No, it's a cross sandwich. It has bacon,
and of course they want the egg. Ooh. Bacon and cheese. That's the only thing in the world
that we wanted Burger King is a cross sandwich with the bacon, cheese, ton, uh, hold the egg.
Because that thing don't even, it's never even knew an egg. Much less resembled one.
Move find out or give it a check this out. May 8th, hundreds of grassroots groups and tens of
thousands of us will join forces in the biggest one-day voter mobilization effort in American
history says my email. Together we'll contact over a million voters and register over 250,000 folks to
vote. We'll also prove to Republicans in the media that while President Bush may have more money,
we have the power, the people power to win. This effort builds on the more than seven
million hours move on members pledged in 50 for the future fundraising campaign,
and it goes on to tell what you can do and what it's all about, and uh, it's said or and so on.
Move on.org, win and doubt. Check it out. Please. John Kerry must go. No
to Democrats. It's not too late to, uh, draft someone anyone else's James Ridgeway.
It's on our website. It was in a village voice. With the air gushing out of John Kerry's balloon,
it may only be a matter of time until political, political insiders in Washington face the
dread reality that the junior senator from Massachusetts doesn't have what it takes to win and
has got to go. As arrogant and out of it as the Democratic political establishment is,
even these polls know the party's got to have someone to run against George Bush. They can't
exactly expect the president to self-destruct into thin air. With growing issues over his wealth,
which makes fellow plutonquat busy maturity case by comparison, the miasma over his medals
and ribbons or ribbons and medals, his uninspiring record in the Senate, yes, war nowhere,
and wish he watched the efforts to mimic Bill Clinton's triangulation gimmick, really protractor
factor, Kerry sinks day by day. The pros all know that the candidate who starts each morning by
having to explain himself as a goner. What to do? Look for the them biggies, whoever these are,
whoever they are these days, to sit down with the rich and arrogant presumptive nominee and try to
persuade him to take a hike. They can then return to businesses, usual resurrecting John Edwards,
who's still hanging around, or staging an open convention in Boston or both. If things proceed as
they are, the Dimbal Democratic leaders are going to be very sorry they screwed how are Dean,
is what it said. On the one hand, you really don't want to read that. On the other hand,
you're saying, well, haven't I been saying that the last few days? Yeah. That he's leaving me really
limp. But in any rate, just pass that along for your information. 56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line, which of these people best fits the description
to Cuban. WQA and Hello. Not there. WQM Hello. Yes, I want to have somebody to your poll, Neil. Yes, sir.
Lincoln Diaz Balai. Beautiful choice. Anybody with that last name? Yes, definitely. And also,
remember, we have to ban the Bush brothers. Okay, bye. See you. We like the Blues brothers. We just
don't like the Bush brothers, right? Right. Or Brooks brothers. We like the Brooks brothers too.
And Greg likes their suits. In fact, that's about the only kind of sooty likes. Lincoln Diaz Balai.
That's what the hyphen, by the way. I'm sure you're aware that, Josh. There's a hyphen in there.
And it's not between the Lincoln and the Diaz. Hey, listen, I'm just trying to like help him along.
He's not, he's not too familiar with this big stuff. Valor the art. Let's see. Ilyana Ross
Layton's got 40 Alex Penelope's 22 Maris Grisias Gonzalez 13. Desi Arnez. We have it spelled
right down nine Rick Sanchez 7 Gloria Stefan 6 Ramones. How will Sanchez 5? Elliott Rodriguez from
channel four. We lose in news one. Many Diaz and Joe Carrillo out of 103 votes have none. They got
the big so far. That's amazing. All of Joe Carrillo just went on there. And Lincoln Diaz,
Valor will be on there momentarily. I'm sure once once Josh figures out where the hyphen goes,
where to stick it. They're going to put several all through just just to be on the safe side.
Not a bad idea. In fact, it's like us. We put a lot of like deep. Not necessarily. They belong here
just to keep Duff calm down. Somebody QA and hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good. My vote was going to be for Ilyana Ross Layton. But, uh, that's your already
I got one that will make your poll. She's no celebrity. It's my brother's girlfriend. She's
Cuban state. She wouldn't have sex with him for like three weeks. You know why? Because the
tarot guy told her not to. Right. These feelings you can't believe how superstitious they are.
They visit their brick or ears and their witch doctors. You get your pastries. Oh, man. You better
let them near your any of your personal items. They'll put a curse on you. Exactly. I think they'll
already have. Okay. Thanks for those pal. I see how do you like that? Now what was the guy that
somebody mentioned me yesterday? The uh, I don't remember the psychic. Oh, come on. You go
Chavez. He was on the lymph, the wrist. Yeah, we took the second one. He was on some poll. I don't
know. Spicoracci. Yeah, that was what was Spicoracci, man, with his uh, tarot cards and magnetic bracelets.
He's kind of misplaced. Oh, I bet. Five six and now I'm curious about one thing. When we do the one
later on about people are too black. Yeah. I guess that includes anybody of black skin, dark skin.
I don't know what you mean. Well, I make a difference between the so-called African Americans and
like Jamaicans and Haitian, yeah, man, etc. All of these things. I thought the idea was to go for the
most professionally ethnic of whatever it is. Right. So if you're a professionally ethnic Jamaican,
then you must qualify. I see. Although I already like that. Thanks for clarifying that. Now we don't
know anything, but we'll probably hear from one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T line WQA. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, what's put on the poll two thirds of the city of Miami?
How do you spell that? Uh, uh, with an M or just with as a, a, a, a, you as in US. Yeah, we put the, uh, you in
US, not USA, just US us Cubans is us. That's our new West store. We're going to be opening right at the
date, Broward line. Hey, listen, you can't keep running away, man. You can't keep running away. You
got to stay right there in South Florida where you people are. Like that guy at the airport. Oh,
you like it up there in Toronto. No Cubans. I should have said, yeah, you're right. Good point.
Let's see the look on his push then WQA. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Somebody that definitely needs to be on your poll. I mean, this guy has a professional victim
and for a millionaire that can come off quite right. Jose Canseco. Jose Canseco. Good. And thank God, we got him out of town.
Damn. Thanks. Got him. Jose Canseco. Now, I just want to know that because it's a sports thing.
Is he Cuban? I didn't have any idea. You didn't know that. We got a street named after him in
Dave County. You think anybody who's not Cuban who's like, I mean, do we have like, uh, Jose Marti Boulevard?
Maybe we do Ronald Reagan Street Avenue. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about his
spanish. What his spanish have we named streets, boulevard's avenues, all of these things after
other than Cubans, right? Look at that Calgary 3 Detroit 2 Final Score.
Who winner the Flames lead that? All right. Go down Wingsman fast. All those Fone
Detroit fans and stuff. Oh, you're wrong. Neil, you're wrong. Yeah. Sure. It would no Steve
I'm from, uh, why? The Y-Man of the I-Man. How's the Y-Man doing by the way? Is he still dead?
20 before 11 at 5.60 WQM. Like I said, we're just waiting till 11.30 tomorrow morning if you're
expecting great aim material today, forget about it.
I'm in law. This is sports radio 5.60 Q-A-M.
Crossed late-minute and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels
and listening to the new Roque Amunista Hour.
Sick iron!
We are the hourgain Cubans of Miami.
Basically, but when we don't get our way, we stand far feet.
You would rent us out of mansors, we'll get angry.
And resort to black pink traffic in the street.
We know that kids are giving from a finger island,
but we're the most important people in our minds.
L-L-R.
The baby Jesus.
L-L-L-L-L-L-L.
We unite that fight for human causes.
Undue with the news cameras red, flashing light.
Action!
That was the honor!
That was the honor!
We are the most important people in the universe.
At least that's part of North-Tasda, my everyday county line.
You turn 10.46 at 5.60 W-D-Q-A-M,
which of these people best fits the description to Cuban,
which would be a great lead in that Max Castro thing.
I'll do it next time.
It's long Israel and the state of democracy in Miami.
Max Castro is the best writer that they ever had.
You know they got Carl Heiss and they've had some good people over the years,
but Max Castro was the greatest because he actually had the balls to tell the truth.
But the Harold ever had fired?
You're right.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Pretty good.
I can't believe it.
Nobody said this yet.
Christina?
The torture holds?
Christina.
Yeah.
She's pretty Cuban man.
And I got a no for you.
Pretty ugly, yes.
And I know we want to leave on her nether.
Leave on.
Leave on her nether.
Yeah.
I love you Miami.
Yeah, that was disgusting.
Of course now he's out of time.
Leave on her nether.
Too Cuban.
Got it.
Got it.
Okay.
So far, Iliana, nobody can touch her.
I like the spelling on that one.
Iliana Ross-Latin.
We got like seven or eight Rs.
69 votes for old Iliana.
I wonder how Dexter's face is here when up.
You don't even know Dexter Latin do you?
Not personally though.
Iliana 71, Maris Grisias 29, Alex Pinellas 28,
Ricky Tiki Sanchez 16.
I'm a little disappointed in him.
I thought he'd be zooming up that list.
Desiarnes 14, Gloria Stefan 9, Ramones Howell Sanchez 8,
Joe Carrroyo 4.
Just went on there.
He'll start making a big move.
You'll see a big movement coming from Joe.
Don't be near it when it happens.
Lincoln Diaz-Balard spelled correctly three.
All right.
Elliott Rodriguez won.
Mani Diaz won.
And Jose Conzaco, he don't have any out of 184.
He's small potatoes now.
Out of sight, out of mind.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Emil.
Yes sir.
I don't know in station Hezan,
but the best Cuban tacos is Francisco Arruca.
Oh yeah, Francisco Arruca.
He's too Cuban for me.
You're right.
Thank you.
Francisco, now do we get Christine on air?
Do I get our skip over that too fast?
Francisco Arruca is the best radio show I am.
I want what time is he on?
I don't know.
Oh, remember.
He's a Cuban establishment Bashar, which is why I know that.
I know that.
He's a good guy.
Right.
He's somebody we like.
So let's not put him on air.
Maybe we won't we do who's not Cuban enough?
Right.
Who's not Jewish enough?
Who's not gay enough?
For the likes of a dead man.
Right.
Like Rock Hudson wouldn't have been gay enough.
Although the fact he looked pretty good,
they would like them anyway.
The professional queens.
5670560, pound 560.
I was speaking to that kind of thing.
Elton John says American Idol vote is racist.
That's what he's saying.
British Rockstar Elton John,
a guest judge this month on US talent hunts TV series American Idol,
said yesterday that he found the voting
by the national viewing audience incredibly racist.
John, who heard the wannabe pop stars performance songs
during an appearance on the Fox TV show,
added his voice to a chorus of descent that followed last week's
shock exit of Black vocalist,
Jennifer Hudson, considered one of the top talents among
who was buying for a recording contract.
The three people I was really impressed with
and they just happened to be Black young female singers.
They all seem to be landing in the bottom three said,
John, commenting on the telly in which the lowest vote
geter is eliminated.
They have great voices, she said.
The fact that they're constantly in the bottom three
and I don't want to set myself up here,
but I find it incredibly racist.
Ms. John said at news conference
promoting per radio city musical concert
backed by an orchestra of students from London's Royal Academy of Music
and the Juilliard School of New York.
The show often gets more than 20 million people voting.
The other two singers grouped in the bottom
three of the seven remaining American Idol finalists last week
were Black Divas, Latoya London and Fantasia Barino.
The results moved the show host Ryan Sequest
to remind viewers that the series was a talent hub
and not a popularity contest.
America don't forget you have to vote for the talent
Sequest 74 closing the show.
You can't let talent like this slip through the cracks
through the, sorry, Fox TV Declan to comment.
Black Kuhner Rubens stuttered when the top prize last year,
but things are changing now a little bit.
Looks like.
So Ms. John has all been out of shape.
Good thing though, he's an acrobat.
That's what he tells us.
Is five six seven oh five sixty.
Pound five sixty on a 18 T and T in Verizon wireless line.
See, I just, I just say the lines to myself.
The ones I can't say anymore.
I get kind of like a silent.
Yeah, I get kind of like a silent chocolate.
I can't say the money here anymore.
No, say what the inside.
No, WQA.
Hello.
How about Sandra Cruz McRame?
Sandra Cruz is excellent.
Which is gracious.
There he goes.
Wow.
Sandra Cruz.
Out of sight.
Out of mind.
She is going to you'll say, well, although I don't know.
Is she going to move up?
I am she liacruz and I am dead now.
Well, that's good.
That's one more thing and one less thing to worry about.
You know what?
When we're going to find a get rid of that thing.
Operation.
Look for the QM van today.
Five is seven anchors away at Beach Place in Fort Lauderdale.
Stop by to win a wheel for prizes and register to win 300 scratch off tickets from the Florida lottery.
Which is a major rip off by the way.
It's at the anchors away party for Air and Sea Show today at Beach Place.
And a lot of reason with that newity crap, you know.
Just give us a lump sum if we win 15 million.
Give us the 15 million.
No taxes like they do here in Canada.
And just give us the lump sum and up this annuity crap.
What a rip off that is.
It's like saying we're going to hang out of your money that you supposedly think you're getting.
We'll give you like a little lump in the beginning.
Somebody ought to give them a lump.
Oh, just in.
Godfair explosions are up thing and fallujah.
How many hours about three hours they had on it?
Just in it.
I'm seeing it.
They're just relentless.
Like it's breaking news.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about that jailbird mayor of Halea, Rahul Martinez, huh?
Rahul Martinez.
Good one.
Yeah, okay.
Have a good one.
How much you two?
You two, amigo.
Rahul Martinez.
See, I have to pause there because you got Rahul Sanchez and Rahul Martinez and
Elliott Gonzalez and
Elliott Gonzalez and
my name is
and we're as greasy as Gonzalez.
Lazarus Gonzalez.
Wow, I thought Gonzalez was like more of a Mexican name than Cuban.
Am I wrong?
Yes, I'm wrong.
It is.
You're correct.
Like Martinez.
It's still big.
Martinez.
Right.
I mean, we're all Martinez happens to be Cuban, but Martinez 90.
I would say 95% of the time would be Mexican.
I think you might be right.
And what would be like a recon name?
What are Puerto Ricans?
I don't want no smart ass comment from you.
You're Puerto Rican bashing soul.
Sanchez is a recon.
I'm a little overreconcredible.
Don't tell me Ricky Tiki Sanchez is Puerto Rican.
We know better than that.
I wish.
Cause he.
Like I wish Bob Kunst were straight.
Yeah.
I mean, can we get rid of some of these people that we have enough baggage to carry already?
We don't want some of these people in our flock.
Let's recategorize them.
Right.
56670560, like a freaking Carlos out there at the front desk.
Oh, what's the category for that?
We can't say it.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I am.
Yes, sir.
Well, this is Anthony.
I want to have a name for your poll.
Lay it on us, Anthony.
OK.
It's my wife put a little hilly on the boy that can float it over.
And also El Gato from my wife's series.
OK.
Thanks, Pally.
All right.
Now, what do you,
I'm Gonzalez is too Cuban.
Now, what are you are groaning about the other members?
Some character from some TV show.
Well, don't worry about that.
We're not going to put that on it.
Just remind me why do you take these things so to hard?
I am.
Yes.
Sounds like it.
I mean, you sound like you were a droid.
Bro, you were right.
Stupid comment.
I don't want to.
Oh, and a guy was a good guy.
He would.
Well, he meant well, now he feels bad.
Cause you were.
Yes, he sounded OK to me.
He sounded like he never stole a freight train.
And you know, you're starting to sound like Eric now, man.
Oh, you've been hanging around with him too long.
Whoa, gee, I put change the picture at 9.30 in the morning
every day.
Like, how do every day deal?
Whoa, where's my cross sandwich with cheese?
Man, this too emotional.
That just be more calm like me.
OK.
Yeah, just calm down.
Be a little more level headed like me.
Not in an emotional basket case.
I thought you people anything over all of these years,
these 500 years, I've been sweating over this smelly microphone.
I'm going to get the live salt spray out.
That's a one good thing about having this studio
is nobody else is sitting here with their germs all over this mic.
You can get that extra toothbrush and brush the microphone.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks to George and to a Josh who teamed up to get me
by Hooker by Crook My Two Radius toothbrushes up here.
They're four different people to get you.
Right.
That's because QAM is too much of a bunch of cheap bastards
to pay for the FedEx to send it up here.
Man, oh, man, you people.
Wow, wait till you start seeing his expense tickets coming in.
I could have moved.
I just got to change the drum.
It's coming today from office depot.
Wait till you see that's going to be 300 bucks Canadian.
That's about 210 to 120 plus of GST and PST
and all this other crap.
Flight of the radius to the right.
So flight of the radius and I got up here.
How do you like that?
So stick that in your pipe and eat it
in accounting there at the Beasley Broadcasting.
You cheap bastards you.
Only in the banana republic baby.
Only in Miami.
You that day unpredictable.
Breath taking.
Life threatening.
Cuban rafting unbeaten.
Will your way to something better?
Will faster.
No faster.
Become the shark.
You got it well much faster than that.
Well, damn it.
Pain for him brother.
You West Navy.
OK, I forgot to do the spoppin' food and break
because you got me so whipped up into a frenzy
about something which I forgot already.
Yeah, all good.
Let's face you, you've been hearing me talk about
fast-trained for a long time now.
Probably wondered every now and then if it makes sense for you.
Well, a fact is simple.
If you have the dedication, fast-trained can provide you
with the necessary training and help you achieve your new
high-paying computer career.
And the best part of the deal is they can do it in just four
short months by the end of the summer.
In just a short time, you can be on your way
to a big high-paying career.
Fast-trained's got day, night, and weekend classes,
financial assistance for people who qualify.
Once you complete your classes fast-trained can even assist you
in obtaining a new computer job.
They'll help you out.
It's really that easy.
So pick up that phone and call them today and get yourself started.
Get out of that rut that your life is in right now.
Call fast-trained toll-free, 1-866-fast-trained.
And with seven locations in Florida,
there's a VataBewan nearby either in Miami,
Kindle, Florida, or Dale, and Pembert Pine.
So check them on the web if you like it.
Fast-trained.com and make that call it
and really change your life.
Call 1-866-fast-trained.
Got it?
You got it.
Got it.
Okay, so far, which of these people best fit the description
of two Cuban.
We did yesterday two Jewish, two gay,
and now we're doing two Cuban and the last two hours, two black,
as in professionally killing the blank.
Right.
Iliana Horos-Latin's got 86.
She's got it.
Mary Screcius Gonzalez though 37.
Alex Penelos 36.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez 20.
He's moving up slowly.
He's creeping up.
Just kind of like he did an act on from the stadium.
Creeping up very slowly and about a bing.
Desi Arne has 15.
Gloria Stephan 13.
Ramon Salwell Sanchez 13.
Who's two Cuban?
Lincoln Diaz Balarca 7.
Joe Carrillo only 6.
Aren't you surprised by that?
No.
Why not?
He's out of his...
He's a...
What's with all that stiff competition?
Jose Conzaco 4.
Cila Cruz 3.
Eleanor Rodriguez's got one.
Christina 1.
Leave on Hernandez 1.
Mani Diaz's got one.
His son printed it up.
It's a $53 bill.
Rahul Martinez won.
And little alien 8 to 146 has got only one.
Yeah, why do we want to pick on poor little alien?
As if he's got a choice.
Right, poor little alien 8, though.
Man, we don't want to pick on him.
He was just a pawn.
He was just a pawn in an ugly chess game.
Oh my goodness.
This is the worst thing ever happened in Miami.
Yeah, right.
WQAM.
Hello.
Good morning, sir.
Yes, sir.
When is Diaz?
All right.
How about from from radio,
man, be the ampole Armando Perez Roda?
Is he an antel?
Oh, his name.
Armando Perez Roda.
He's their director.
Rodea.
I would assume so.
Probably like the TV show, Roda.
He was probably on that too.
Okay, thanks a lot, amigo.
All right.
Watch your ass.
Okay, Armando, what is it?
Roda?
I don't know.
I forgot it all.
Roda.
I remember there was a bad TV show too.
Never heard of it.
That could have made the podium today.
The worst TV show of all time.
Roda.
This max cancer thing.
I'm like squeezing it.
I'm so anxious to read it.
But it looks like it started.
Well, no, once I get started,
it'll blow off the whole audience
because it's long and ponderous.
And I don't want to like do all this reading
because it's like terminal and ponderous.
Good.
Then the girl come in,
bitching and moaning.
What?
No, we don't want no sound effects.
WQAM.
Hello.
All right.
Pretty good.
Well, it's called a fucking meal.
Speaking to him.
Okay.
What we're going to call him.
Diaz, you were trying to think
of with Walter Mercado, the guy on TV.
Walter Mercado, that's the lady.
I mean, the guy.
The lady.
Yeah.
Thanks a million.
All right.
Cool.
See, Walter Mercado,
that's the the HBGB
thorough card reading.
Yeah.
Chris Schroeder.
He's got a crystal ball.
He's got crystal balls.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
So many Cubans in so little time.
Only two hours for this.
But then we're spreading it around.
At least nobody can blame off us
of picking on anybody specific.
I've always said, we'll pick on all of them.
We're going to do a religious one too, you know.
Well, there's so many.
Yeah, but for the weekend for Friday.
Yeah.
But how would you, how would you,
what would it be?
The biggest religious fanatic.
I see.
Marvel, put that on the table at our next programming meeting.
A nice thing done school.
When I have my next programming meeting with myself.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about a set of Romero?
Gotta pay the Joker environment.
Just out of the matter.
That's not a bad choice.
Um, the guy they just call, uh,
what's the mega powder recon our Cuban?
Is he really?
Uh, what's the mega powder recon our Cuban?
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
Thanks for many more in Burst.
And we don't want to put no weekends on this list.
Georgia get really high preventating about that.
A lot of the discussions about the media people on TV.
A lot of them.
We already put him on there.
Walter Mercado.
Yeah, we did not.
We did?
Yes.
Well, Eric said I have to take your talk
at three a teeth again, Mr.
I'm telling you that right now.
He's talking to the people here.
He wants to say yes.
Do you hear it?
Yes.
Yes, that's a style.
Man, it's his style.
What?
That's a stick.
Anyway, well, they didn't show up on mine yet,
but they will have a haircut or movement.
As soon as he finishes his third, uh,
breakfast goes Sam, whatever he's got.
And before anybody calls up Don Francisco,
remember, he's like a Chilean Jew.
You see, he's not he's not Cuban at all.
Didn't he die?
Don Francisco?
From San Marojigan.
I don't think so.
I'll be damned.
Five, I would have sworn something happened with him.
He's he was talking about him not that long ago.
Don Francisco, I thought he was given protection for
Frater while they were in the West Coast in Vegas.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
In fact, I think what we're going to do is just play the whole
uh, 1130 tomorrow morning on a whole station.
Just play the audio from the Godfather.
Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again.
Double click.
Ever.
Back.
WQA.
Hello.
QA.
Hello.
I think you're getting all.
Hola.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Gloria,
Estefan.
I think she might be on there.
Thank you.
And by the way, uh, we could put her husband
under the bottom, but we won't.
Don't say boat when you're talking about Gloria.
Hit a little problem there.
Yeah.
How that all work out.
I don't want to know.
It's a rhetorical question.
Right WQA.
Hello.
Bill Neal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, welcome.
But anyway, I got one for you.
Okay.
Andy Garcia.
Andy Garcia, who's busy.
If you're waiting out there and put on a dog and pony show
in front of the emergency, I saw.
Glad to have you.
Thanks so much.
I have to have you got anywhere.
Vincent.
Vincent from Godfather 3 Andy Garcia.
He's uh, he ain't no thing.
You know what I mean?
He's just uh, he's okay.
I'd quit.
Overrated actor.
Name me a movie in which he was great.
Which it was great.
Then which he was outstanding.
Yeah, touchables.
Was he going to say outstanding?
I saw it on touchables.
I didn't think it was outstanding.
I was outstanding outside the door there for a while and standing in the train station.
He was fine.
He ain't great.
Now he's not you know, I'm not knocking him just because he was there.
Yes, I am.
I know he lost all credibility with me when it came in there.
I mean, talk about grandstanding.
When did we ever see Andy Garcia doing anything in soft photo with other Cubans
or with Anglos or anybody?
Maybe they made him an offering.
Couldn't refuse.
I see.
There you go.
He had to be supposed to stay close to Michael.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Love somebody else.
I mean, that was of course with the Shnons like that.
The fact that they actually resurrected her and she did this.
What did she get the awards for?
She wrote directing writing.
I mean, she just leaves me limp.
Come on.
Sophia Coppola.
My guess.
Directing.
Was it directing?
Yeah, I got the direct part right.
Somebody cue him.
Hello.
Yeah, is Ricardo Montabon Cuban?
No, that's a good question.
No, I think he's a standard.
All right.
And then what you're about to watch your tongue too, you said stiff competition.
No, that's right.
Good point.
All right.
And you also said that John Kerry is limp.
Uh-oh.
Okay.
We'll mark those down for duct to get off the tape.
I'll guess step something to do anyway.
Get off the tape.
Okay, duct.
Start marking those down.
Duh.
Get off this instantly.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, he gave us a little gentle prodding this morning.
You know, he's getting a little nervous, which is so unusual for him.
A little bit nervous now that he's hearing things on a station.
They're like tiptoeing around the tulips.
In fact, we even had that on the pool the other day.
Tiptoeing through the tulips.
Maybe it was a little, a little thing that happened to us.
Wasn't our fault.
There's when somebody called in the name of that song.
We just decided, well, maybe we'll start tiptoeing a little bit too.
Start dancing right along the edge.
Better back off, man.
Back away from that edge.
Where they're going to send you right to the ledge.
Oh, guess what?
The fight for a rack is going on.
Really?
Did you know that?
No, I thought this should have accomplished.
Now we're looking at in a job, the Holy City.
I mean, you got a bunch of crazy religious people over there
who have no idea what democracy is all about.
Many of them don't want it anyway.
But we're going to force it on your ass
whether you wondered not.
How do you like that?
Talk about an offer you can't refuse.
We got to make it look good somehow while we're there.
And of course, keeping in mind that none of this had anything to do
I was supposed to be there in the first place.
But they don't confuse us with the facts.
Because even at the Woodward's, says,
oh, well, he's so concerned about freedom for people.
Well, when we go get freedom back in the US,
that's what a lot of us are waiting to see, huh?
Freedom back in the USA.
Yeah.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yesterday you had a poll out, and I wanted to make a correction real quick.
And then add them to this poll.
We made a mistake.
There was a mistake yesterday.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
Yesterday some full call in your show and put Wayne I think on as a Jew.
He's a Cuban.
We didn't put it on there.
He never made the list.
We didn't put him on.
He's a Cuban Catholic.
Everybody needs to get that straight.
Wayne I think is not Cuban.
Okay.
That was funny.
It was funny.
Oh, he thought so.
Oh, my God.
I'm on the inside like that.
I see.
Well, we're just the pukin on the outside.
I like that.
That was pathetic.
And he's screaming screaming.
He's a Cuban Catholic.
We're going to let him deliver his line.
And the Cubans don't want him either.
Okay, pal, so forget about that.
Catholic part is right.
He's a cubald not a cubald.
And I'll tell you what else Joe Robbie.
There was a professional Catholic for you.
Although at least he has sprung the money for the stadium.
He built it.
The stadium at Wayne's stool.
I mean, bought WDQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a couple of Cubans to put on the list.
Yes, couple.
Well, I mean, I love to do more than one.
Well, we'll see what the first one is.
Bonn and his.
Bob.
He is the whole.
The Sears guy.
Bob Vila is Cuban.
Yeah, I'm having the wrong question.
The way we end up on Huggie Bear.
Bob Vila is Cuban.
Do you believe that?
Well, he is, but they're not answering the question.
Which of these people?
Well, maybe he thinks he's too Cuban.
I don't know.
He's just the making a list of people who are Cuban.
That's all he's open up the phone book and see anybody
whose name ends in Z is probably Cuban.
We'll be busy.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, just get the day-cowdy book.
30 pages of Rodriguez's alone.
Right.
How many?
About 30, man.
Let me read your rights.
My bad, because I'm not reading that question.
Which of these people best things?
You're right.
All they want to do is make a list.
Whatever.
Here's a list of gay people.
Here's a list of Jews.
Here's a list of Catholics.
Here's a list of Cubans.
And then we get to the black thing.
They're going to be like, everybody named Johnson.
Okay.
Anyone with a nice tan, no name?
Oh my god.
Oh, Halle Berry.
She's too black.
Right.
Not really.
Not really.
Which of these people best fits the description?
Too Cuban.
Bob Vila ain't too Cuban.
In fact, if you wouldn't have told us,
just like that, the little Anderson thing.
The little Anderson is too gay based on what?
So I think to make things easier and a lot simpler,
because we have a lot of simple minded people.
So, Freda, especially in this audience,
what we're going to just do is do what you say.
Just name a bunch of Cubans, you know?
Right.
How many Cubans can you name?
Right.
How many dead people can you name?
How many great actors can you name?
How many yet?
I got a few for you.
Let's see.
It's almost, it's coming up on 1130.
You realize it's almost the 24 hour demarcation point
before the...
A big moment coming tomorrow.
My name is Len Lohl.
This is the O.F.I. City.
You're the only two way.
You're the only two way.
Where the youth may continue.
All right.
56.
156.
156.
One McGilgan Zone's father of William
meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba.
Well, Mr. Gonzalez, how was your trip?
Very good.
Gracias.
Well, do you have any questions before we go any further?
CCC, this box with the pictures.
It's in kind of a...
What is this?
Oh, that's a television.
Oh, Terry.
Mr. Lohl, what does...
What does mean?
Pardon me?
What does...
Well, it means what's up like what's going on?
What does...
Uh, right.
It's a greeting.
What does...
Now, I know that you're uncomfortable being here.
This is a very difficult time for you, too.
Mmm.
Mmm.
What is it, sir?
Oh, this pizza hut.
Stuffed crust pizza is incredible.
How did they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust?
Uh, I'm not sure.
So, as I was saying...
What?
Yeah.
As I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible
and get your home as quickly as possible.
Bye, bye, bye!
Are you going somewhere, sir?
No, I'm listening to the new CD by the boy band InSync
with my new Sony Discman.
It's incredible.
Yeah, uh, yes, Mr. Gonzalez.
They are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the...
Just another play and you're getting the two.
You must take me, but it ain't no lie.
Bye, bye, bye!
Oh, God, sir, don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba?
What do you loco?
I love it here.
There's like 300 channels on cable
and I can watch all the yanking games.
What, sir?
Mr. Lawyer?
What is it, Mr. Gonzalez?
Baza!
You know, one thing I'm wondering, at what age, since this is kind of like a
ethnic custom, I guess,
and why is the oboeil is prohibited from checking out
aliens packing?
Bats, third man!
Oh!
Which of these people best fits the description of?
Too Cuban.
How much you didn't know that, didn't you?
No, I didn't.
If you remember...
My grandma's dead, then.
Ileana Arroz-Latin 103.
Meris Grisi-Ez Gonzalez 52.
Alex Pinellas 39.
Rick Sanchez 26.
Gloria Estefan 21.
Desi Arnez Lucy 16.
Ramon Salas Sanchez 14.
Lincoln Diaz-Balart 10.
Joe Carrroyo 9.
Very surprising to me.
Cedar Cruz 7.
Jose Canzic 07.
A 6.
5.
4.
3.
2.
Jose's got 5.
Liemann Hernandez 3.
Elliott Rodriguez 3.
Raul Martinez 3.
Mani Diaz 1.
Christina 1.
Elian Gonzalez 1.
Armando Perez-Roda 1.
And Andy Garcia don't have any other 3.
15.
And Walter Mercado is a Puerto Rico.
I know that.
No, who?
We just found that out.
So we discovered something all day who says this is in a highly educational show.
Walter Mercado, she's a rican.
We'll do a few more of these, but I want to read that Max Castro thing.
He's Cuban.
WQM line 9.
Hello.
What's up, Neil?
How you doing, sir?
I got something for your poll this guy.
The most milking Cuban that has ever lived.
He's okay.
He makes George look like a piker.
Jorge Mascarnosa.
Jorge Mascarnosa.
All right.
That man.
Okay, he was going to go on to a rant there.
But I don't want to.
Well, that man, he's a little pissed off and fired up this guy.
Who can blame Jorge Mascarnosa?
Maseo Manos is my question.
Got him.
Meadows.
Have a good one.
What did I say?
Mase.
WQM.
Hello.
I got one for you, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Maria Conchita Alonso.
She's a Maria.
I was in that move.
She's a Lanso.
How about Miriam Alonso?
She's done everybody movie ever made.
Okay, thanks.
What do you know?
Yeah, what?
She's an inside of the thing.
It was between the brothers.
I don't know what she he's talking about.
Maria Conchita Alonso.
She's a marginal I could say.
I had no idea she was Cuban though, but whatever.
Well, now you know,
and he's too Cuban for this guy.
Maybe she's just too Dan Cuban for this guy.
Okay, so I like one of your people.
Okay.
One of those Jewish.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
Everybody's got the labels, man.
We're in proudly.
I'm Italian.
I'm Jewish.
I'm a shuffling bag.
I'm a, you know, everybody's got the label.
She I, I'm a Sunni.
Yeah, don't label me.
Oh, brother.
I am so sick of that.
That's a one thing in the world.
If I could change one thing
that would make the world like paradise,
that would be it.
Eliminate air be label.
We wake up tomorrow morning
and everybody is just a person.
Just a guy, a galley,
whatever they are.
That's that's it.
Not a Christian, not a Jew,
not a Muslim, not a Buddhist.
By the way,
a ha, a cello to the Dalai Lama.
Hello, Dalai.
There's another one.
Well, what's that?
What can you tell me what that's all about?
Seriously, what is that?
It's like the Pope thing.
It's another state of mind.
We're supposed to care and revere him
and whatever.
Based on what?
We'll say this.
I like him better than the Pope.
Yeah.
Well, that's for a while.
You can name just about anybody.
I like him better than the Pope.
I like Hanrik Himmler better than the Pope
because he's dead.
I don't like you.
Don't be better than the Pope.
No.
No.
In fact, that you're right.
The Pope is down to Richter scale a little bit.
A couple of notches.
Number two.
We're coming out.
I don't, I don't think.
That would be a good pull.
Who's number one?
Unless, well, we know it.
It's automatic.
W in this crowd.
Yeah.
WQA and hello.
Good afternoon or good morning, Neil.
Good evening, Kiosar.
How you doing?
Good evening.
I'm just actually driving to Halea
so I can get name about a hundred people in here.
How about Jackie Ness Brawl?
Jackie Ness Brawl is disgusting on channel six
on NBC6 where they screw it over by Weaver Real Bad.
Yeah.
She needs to go back to LeVanna.
Have a great day.
I'll be delighted to pack away.
Media No 2.
Thank you.
And Iguaya Beta or Yogi Beta.
Jackie Ness Brawl in ESPRAL.
She is nauseating.
She's another one that like was was a network anchor
not network something for a while.
Right?
NBC.
I don't know.
And what happens is after they prove beyond a shadow of a doubt
that they can't cut it,
then they ship them back to Miami.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
They saw through him.
It has to be seen about the first five minutes.
He was hyper-fed lady.
Sweating up a storm sawed all their chairs.
And he got shipped back.
And Michelle Gillan don't forget about that bitch.
Oh no.
I didn't.
Got sent back.
Michelle.
Man.
Michelle.
We just despise you honey.
Don't take it personal.
How about her Chevy trucks?
What is it?
She's uncovering the South Florida white slave
or whatever slave slavery ring.
Oh brother.
Spick slavery ring.
Whatever it is.
Why couldn't she have been in like midnight express?
In a Turkish prison?
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, eating Turkish Taffy.
McCallum.
WQM. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I think I might have the definitive one.
Okay.
This could be the one we've been looking for.
And here is the title of true Cuban,
which means can you be any more nauseating?
How about Jose Basuto?
Jose Basuto.
Yeah.
He's pretty disgusting.
Real pain in the...
Well, we're sorry.
Okay, thank you.
Asked.
Jose Basuto.
You got a BASU LTO Basuto?
See.
All this old crap that goes on and never just changes.
We've got the Latin Grammys.
They're y'all.
And we're going to do this.
We're going to be riding in the streets again.
We're going to be, uh, brother.
How many times does Miami have to show it's collective?
Reckon.
Asked to the world before finally somebody says
enough of this crap already, huh?
How many times does that have to happen?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
A year.
Oh, no.
They can't come here.
And the thing I keep thinking about every time I see a picture
that, because they keep showing on these clips
in the Latin MSNBC from the past,
because they're living in a past,
uh, the Pope and Fidel.
That's one of their favorites.
Oh, yeah.
How come it isn't anybody else
who ever even shared a cigar or a Stogi,
sent him a, uh, plastic Stogi or something,
or a chalk with the cigarette, whatever.
They're communist, they're communist,
but El Papas.
See, I told you when he was down there,
what a dilemma it created and it did.
And they got no answer for that.
And since the Pope went there,
their wonderful glorious trip to quote,
the Christian Amman Pura from CNN,
another phony baloney,
another state of mind bitch to quote her,
oh, the Holy Father,
this is going to change things.
Did anything change?
No.
Is there freedom in Cuba?
No.
Is Castro still in power?
Yes.
Is he stronger than ever?
Yes.
Yeah.
We can just pray that he croaks before the weekend.
In fact, me and those guys on that,
El Sol will make up another story about him again.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh.
Hey, man, for a grand,
that's not much.
How the prank call they made to him?
Did you see on the crawl?
I think it was on CNN and one of those.
That they're, yeah,
they're turning it into a thing, no.
Oh, no, I didn't see that.
They're asking their listeners to send pennies in
so that they can pay their fine in pennies.
Oh, no.
That's disgusting.
Keep that in mind, though,
for a later on this year.
I'll write it down.
26 after 11 at 5.60 W.M.D.
lights it when the feral stuff starts coming in.
The lights are West Bokey.
You know, everybody in their brother is into a low carb diet
of some sort or another to just everywhere.
Only if people are peddling low carb, this low carb diet.
But the lights are West Bokey provides you with the best products
for the weight loss phase of that low carb diet.
If you're on the adkin sugarbusters,
South Beach, any low carb sugar free diet,
this is the story you'll love because it's the number one low carb
store in America.
And many of the new reduced carb products on the store shelves
are just geared toward cutting back a little on carbs
not on you losing weight.
Well, forget about that.
The lights are West Bokey's expertise has always been a
continuous to be on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting.
And in bed of worth thousand great tasty products in stock
with a focus toward the lowest possible carbs
that can fit perfectly away successful low carb weight loss plan.
The spring sale is in full swing right now as I speak.
So stop on by.
Their staff knows low carb dieting inside and out.
They're open every day, seven days,
seven days a week, 10 to 10.
The lights are West Bokey.
They're on the northeast corner of Glades in 441
right next to Boston Market.
You can call them toll free at 1-877-Low-Carb-L-O-W-C-A-R-B.
Run a Web at SlowCarb.com.
The lights are West Bokey.
It is only one that's your official Atkins retail center.
My life and love.
This is 4405 sickies.
You ain't no way.
4405-6D.
W-Q-A-L.
I have a poor water day.
She was a community icon.
In a community that needs tonight.
As far as I can tell, she was the fantastic iconoplastic Celia Fruit.
most beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful
THEREР
It's 1131 at 560 W.Q.M., so anyway max casker writes he writes for
progression weekly, which I thought that was this beginning
caused innu
well
well
well
March 15, and I apologize for, but it's just long.
I'm not going to read the whole thing because it's very, very long, but what I'm going
to read is long, but I don't apologize because it's worthwhile.
The pattern of pandering at the Mime Hero does even deeper and broader than most of the
paper's critics realize.
When it comes to pandering to the most conservative sectors of key constituencies, marginalizing
dissonant voices and stifling debate with an editorial pages, the Mime Hero and El Nuevo
hero don't stop with Cuba or even would Latin America.
Increasingly, the same narrowing of the spectrum of opinion applies not only to Cuba, but also
to commentary about other countries of Latin America, especially Venezuela.
If the balance of political forces in Venezuela reflected the ratio of pro-government to anti-government
articles in the opinion pages of El Nuevo hero, Cuba's chavis would lose any election
by nearly 100% of the vote.
Mime Hero did tutorials, columns, and commentaries in Venezuela nearly as one-sided as those
in El Nuevo hero that almost as stride as those on Cuba.
Indeed, on Cuba, Venezuela and Latin America in general, the editorial pages of Mime Hero
have been converging toward the monolithic El Nuevo hero model.
It's no wonder, before he assumed the hero post, Alberto Aigueno was the publisher of
El Nuevo Hero.
In his stinted El Nuevo hero, he established new standards for pandering to the Cuban
right, and disloyally when he published a special section on the occasion of the death
of Cuban American National Foundation chairman Jorge Mascanosa, who would wage the merciless
campaign against the hero and Ibergrin the Gwen's boss, Harold Publisher David Lawrence.
Under Ibergrin's watch El Nuevo Hero also reached new heights of incompetence and lack of
accountability when it published a Sunday front page feature story about a doctor that
purportedly attended to El Castro as he lay in a coma in a Havana hospital every assertion
in the detailed account turned out to be false, but the paper never investigated the hoax
nor apologized to readers.
But no misdeed goes unremorted in the age of total corporate greed.
Nightrider, the hero's parent company, which had just moved its headquarters from Miami
to San Jose, California to get away from the madding Cuban crowd, soon promoted Ibergrin.
Not for his non-existent journalistic accomplishments, but because Ibergrin promised he could deliver
a 22% profit annually, even if he had the tear that gots out of the hero's journalistic
tradition or make a pact with the city's right-wing devils from the Cuban American National
Foundation to the Alfred Whitewing radio personalities.
By the time the federal raid to remove Ilyon took place, Ibergrin had become the Miami
Herald publisher that was in control of both the Herald and the El Nuevo Herald.
He took advantage of the fact to issue a special edition of El Nuevo Herald with a huge headline,
Shame, Explanation Point.
But the Herald's bias in parochial pandering doesn't stop with Latin America when it comes
to the Israel-Palestinian conflict.
It's not just that the Herald publishes a plethora of pro-Israeli views to the virtual
exclusion of pro-Palestinian perspectives.
It's not even just the fact that the paper's regular op-ed contributors include Israeli
columnists while Palestinian columnists don't appear in the paper even as occasional
guest columnists.
It's also an especially the fact that the paper's opinion columns lead heavily toward the
heart of the positions while almost invariably excluding critical voices, the harder line
positions that is, critical voices in Israel and the American Jewish community.
On all the points above, the Herald's editorial reaction to the assassination of Sheikh Ab-Oshmadi
Aasin, the spiritual leader of the Palestinian militant group Hamas by the Israeli military,
is instructive.
Or rather, the Herald's lack of reaction.
The newspaper that probably publishes more commentary about Israel than any other daily
in the U.S. failed to take editorial notice of a very major event.
Silence can be more significant than words.
Would the Herald have been silent?
Had this kind of extradition and judicial execution been carried out by any other state?
The paper's editorial past reflects the maximum.
If you can't see anything good, don't say anything.
And how could they say anything good?
The elimination of Aasin was condemned by nearly everyone in the world, including our
best friends and allies such as the UK's Foreign Minister Jack Straugh.
Even the Bush administration, which in the person of national security advisor,
Kondaleez, Erise initially attempted to rationalize the killing, was forced to backtrack
after realizing death and breadth of the world's revulsion.
The U.S. government, through a spokesman, eventually pronounced itself deeply disturbed
a far milder reaction than that of other governments.
A U.N. Security Council resolution condemning the killing obtained broad support, but failed
because of a U.S. veto.
President Bush failed to offer even a token protest, indeed, instead he went ahead with
a plan to meet with Sirona and Washington April 14.
In the UK, meanwhile, a Jewish member of parliament, Mr. Kaufman, denounced the visit
as giving a seal of approval to Sirona's policy of indiscriminate killings of Palestinians.
The Harold Silence on the Aasin killing topic is par for the course, but it's also an
abdication responsibility.
In significant ways, the U.S. is implicated in the rubbing out of the Hemos leader.
The helicopter used to kill the Ocenas in American Apache helicopter, through military
assistance, massive economic support, and the diplomatic shield of the U.S. veto with
the U.N. United States enables the Shiroun government to carry out its iron fist policy
with total impunity.
As Terec Ali has written a new book Bush and Babylon, the Recolonization of Iraq.
By making Ariel Shiroun a co-leader in the war on terrorism, the regime in Washington consciously
blurred the distinction between national liberation and terror.
The result has been catastrophic.
Now the day passes without an email from Israel and Palestine informing me of the latest atrocity
he writes.
Every Arab and Muslim in the world understands his connection and it's clear that Rezemino
for American compliance with Shiroun's brutal policies could well cause enormous damage
to the American people and U.S. interest in the world.
Let's make one thing clear.
Now withstanding the fact that Palestinians live under a humiliating occupation that
makes every day of their lives miserable, the numerous indiscriminate acts of terror
and murder against Israeli civilians carried out by Palestinian extremists are abominable
morally and counterproductive politically, as is the violentism extremism expressed by far
too many in the Arab world.
On the other hand, even in the wake of the ASEAN killing, an open letter signed by 60 leading
Palestinian intellectuals rejected violence and called for non-violence resistance to occupation.
The point is not to hold a contest of evil versus virtue, pinning Israelis against Palestinians.
The point is that however repugnant the atrocities perpetrated by Hamas or the Islamic Jihad, American
taxpayers are not paying for them and our government is not rationalizing or providing
political cover for these horrific actions.
Can the same be said with respect to the morally repugnant actions of the Shiroun government
in Israel?
To do its pattern of petty pandering, the Mimeherald is mum on all of these issues.
What the paper did publish is a large number of letters, all but one is in support of the
assassination and a pathetic column by its regular contributor, Erid Drowme, director of
the International Outreach at the Israeli Democracy Institute in which the author justifies
the killing by enumerating the reasons I didn't like Yasin.
Undoubtedly, most people in the Arab and Muslim world could list myriad reasons why they
didn't like Shiroun.
Would this justify the Syrian or Iranian governments killing the Israeli Prime Minister,
with the fact that the killing took place as the Israeli leader left a synagogue, mirrored
special condemnation?
The Drowme piece doesn't spare clichés, not even the 72 virgins are left out and leaves
no room for doubt or nuance.
Drowme reduces the worldwide outcry against the Asin killing to the notion that some people
are just bashing Israel for killing him.
Drowme's column reads like straight propaganda, but then again what exactly is an international
outreach coordinator?
The Herald's pandering here retains a brazen level, the paper's main commentator on Israeli
Palestinian issues is an Israeli propagandist, that's balance.
The contrast could not be sharper between the narrow hacked view of the Asin killing expressed
in the Herald's single column on the topic, and the wide range of views expressed in Israel,
including sharp criticism and the press.
Indeed, even inside Shiroun's cabinet there was a dissent in a row post the assassination.
Israeli commentators have questioned the wisdom of the hit, its political and economic
repercussion that its potential for escalating the violence to a higher level.
Israeli analysts didn't shy away from posing the toughest questions, and with a harshness
seldom encountered in the US press, easily intimidated by spurious charges of anti-Semitism
leveled by hard-lied pro-locute sectors in the US.
And it goes on at length Max Castro, he's great.
You go Max?
Yeah, you go rip the Herald and ask, well deserved, man.
The Panders, man are they nauseating.
I think I'm going to cancel my subscription to the Herald.
The reason I buy it is because I'm down there a few weeks a year.
Yeah.
I'm going to get a subscription just like in canceling.
There you go.
Everybody call up there, get a subscription, cancel it tomorrow.
I stopped throwing the L Herald on my front lawn, you at.
You at Anthels?
Yeah.
I'm sure that's what you were going to say.
I'm sure I was thinking though.
I'm sure it wasn't.
You're probably thinking of like Class Holes, something like that.
Class Holes.
Right.
Spaz Holes.
Watch the Spaz Holes at the Herald, make no mistake about it.
Twenty-till noon at 560 W.D.Q.
I'm not forget to look for the QM fan, 5 to 7 at Anchor's away at Beach Place in Fort
Lauderdale this afternoon.
Stop by to spin that Ville for prizes and register to win the 300 scratch.
Huh?
That's the wheel.
Register to win now.
It says to win 300.
You get all 300 or like one.
I don't know.
Register to win 300 scratch off tickets from the Florida lottery.
Get one off.
I don't know.
You just fight it out with them.
It's the Anchor's away party for the AERAN C show today at Beach Place.
5 to 7 will be there this afternoon.
I'm thinking where I was a couple of weeks ago today.
In fact, it was on a Wednesday.
One it, yes it was.
And that was at Hollywood Diagnostics in Hollywood.
Got my report in the mail all the way up here in Toronto.
They served a senate certified mail and it's a pretty good news.
They said, I'll say it again.
They said if you look as good on the outside as you do on the inside, you'd be beautiful.
Unfortunately though, but anyway, this is the good news.
I had the total body scan.
I had the heart scan.
In fact, they were shocked to find a heart inside this age-old body.
A lot of people in the audience would say, he ain't got one.
I had one and not only that, Yamama, because it's in pretty good shape.
Nobody wants to think about having cancer, heart disease, any of the myriad of diseases
that the Lord inflicts upon us as we continue suffering through life.
But nevertheless, it's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment
if you find it early.
And that's the most important thing.
If you have a history of heart disease or cancer in your family, if you're like
into that age, like maybe 50, 60, whatever, and you haven't had the colonoscopy, all
these other very important tests, get with it.
Because here's a way to do it non-invasively painlessly at the Hollywood Diagnostic Center.
They're proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less invasive
than the traditional way.
Coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams that can detect cancer, other
life-threatening diseases in their early stages.
You don't even need a doctor's referral.
All you need to do is call Hollywood Diagnostic Center, make an appointment for the test.
They really could save your life.
And if not, if there's nothing wrong, go down.
You get tremendous peace of mind.
Call 9-5-4-966-3600.
9-5-4-966-3600.
And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer state of the art imaging equipment, open MRI, high-speed,
CAT scan, nuclear medicine, and much, much more.
They really know their stuff.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving South Florida for over 20 years, and their facility
even provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you if you need
them.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center and schedule an imaging exam today.
It could be one of the most important calls you could ever make for your health for your
life.
Call 9-5-4-966-3600.
5-6-5-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
5-6-6.
5-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
3-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
4-6-6.
2-3.
4-6-6.
6-6-6.
6-6-6.
pandering they do in the kind of rag it is which he's right. It's a rag that
panders you won't get any news in a hero. I'll just get his propaganda garbage.
And then come election day you can bet your life on it just like their
endorsement of Jeb Bush this last time I got reelected governor how that
happened I still am my head is swimming from that if that's what the people of
Florida want a governor who lies to them who's overheard talking about you
every time carry makes some kind of a comment off my oh my gosh it's a big deal
that you know the microphone was still on and it's stuff about nothing like
about what about your backstabbing dirty or crickety republicans are a big deal
like that's that's news but here your governor makes a comment I've got some
what was the word he used for his plans some devious plans some devious plans to
take care of that class size amendment oh no problem we love you Jeb you last
name is Bush we don't know that Dylan Bride guy from a mushy perfect plus you're
right he's gonna raise all our taxes real bad so we'll vote for you again okay
and especially we want to thank you for helping to fix that election back in
2000 when most of us voted for Al Gore how is this possible that these people are
getting away with this crap unless of course just maybe those die bold
election machines were like the voting machines were all you know spitting out
some wrong numbers there how could this man possibly get reelected dog catcher
see this guy got me way off course killed some time though and a herald
always be accounted counted on to do the wrong thing these are the same people
long before the current regime was in there the same people that gave you the
propagated with a metro rail the multi-billion dollar boom doggo the train to
nowhere that almost none of you ever ride how many times you wouldn't it oh I
about 30 yeah none same numbers I've been none but I tell you you want to go out
to high alia and see what a tour that that place has become even go out
stories to hang out yeah or to shorties you want to get some good Bobby Q and head
on the shorties there you go we got the metro rail you can eat it on the way back
we must like the politicians must like shorties so much it's the only restaurant in
the history of the human race that had a whole real system built just a just a
transport people to their door man I wish I could get a deal like that those ribs
sure good even Ronnie Ray Gunn said that it would have been cheaper to buy every
driver and software to new Cadillac to build a metro rail even he said that yeah
what my Cadillac yeah new elder rato a new jukenoo how do you like that that's
back before all the Jews moved to Voka but no the herald put it over on us and
then they got the call the hoots but a comeback a few years later and with a
big traffic magazine front page story about the metro rail called white elephant
man oh man they have no shame at all they jammed it down your throat they lie
like crazy my god kind of crap is that to grow test newspapers who do nothing for
the community that's what we got then they did the big expose and the corruption
the airport was there was a follow-up or the beef what now last time I checked
mayor of say I want to say it Alice Pinellas was still a mayor of the county last time I checked
mayor per can you okay I can't say yeah I like to no matter what no matter how
many greasy deals go on behind the scene including the one with his good buddy
Mickey Harrison there with a grease ball arena think it's what a joke that is
yeah guy gets elected on a pledge that he's not gonna make any sweet art deals
with any rich owners to believe in your readers the first thing he does is had a
closed doors session with Mickey Harrison slubs the Mickey the voters in Dave
County psych yeah surprised oh he's a Democrat by the way oh yeah he's a
Democrat who did squat the route going home for George Bush some Democrat
what am I gonna work that but here's what's that one call his fault that
Israeli that apologist man he's probably like wiping himself off with a
sports section from the hill right now I don't want to say my can't use your
own imagination eleven fifty six four minutes till noon I give you the final
just stalling around here's I don't want to put any more new names on here anyway
and by the way pal will each arena my ass which in these people best fits the
description of two Cuban I said she Reno not salupa
Ilianna Ross late than one thirty five Marist WC as Gonzalo 61 Alex Penelas 50
excuse me rich Sanchez thirty seven Gloria Estefan 35 Desi Arnes 19 Ramones
Al Sánchez 18 Lincoln Diaz Balarth rhymes with part seventeen we can't play
what we can say it see the cruise fifteen Joe Carrillo fourteen leave on her
Nanda's love you Miami ten that's why he's gone
alien Gonzalo seven Jose Conceco seven he's gone
Rall Martinez six Maria Conchita Alonso for
having Rodriguez three Christina's got two Jose Masuto's got a pair
Jorge Mascanosa two many Diaz one Armando Perez Arroda one Jackie Nespro and
Egrce have none of the four forty six pretty good pretty good total there
huh call house you until check the totals for us and I'll tell you where
you're fine tonight so does that's an Armstrong Toyota homestead brother gonna
save you thousand dollars and make you a deal like you ain't never seen
they're on US one just twenty minutes out of the thirty six an Armstrong
Toyota holly of what I say homestead is worth the drive because they're gonna
save you so much cash on that new deal check out the great least deals waiting
for you right now and oh for a highlander just three oh nine a month and oh
four camera your four one or just two sixty nine a month for forty eight
months neither truck how about an oh four Toyota tundra the safest truck in
America just one hundred seventy nine a month for forty eight months these are
just a few of the great deals waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota
homestead general manager David Rich and the staff they're a pleasure to
business with they'll just about stand on their head to cut you a deal and
put your ass in a new Toyota today so experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead
difference locally owned and operated and they're come in into a hundred
percent customer satisfaction to the service department is open late to late
week nights to make sure they get all your service work done and it's easy to
find them they're right at the corner of US one and two hundred ninety third
street in prestigious homestead just twenty minutes out of the thirty six and
they make it a deal right now like nobody anywhere Armstrong Toyota homestead
offers you free tires free batteries and replacement parts for life for life
at the vehicle that's right tires batteries and free parts for life nobody does
that so forget about those mega car dealers and giants who make a big song
dance and have the big ads going scream and yell and holler just get yourself
for a great deal to Armstrong Toyota homestead and talk to their GM David
Rich call him right now for an unbeatable deal at three oh five two four two
thirty two forty seven three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven
don't forget tires batteries and free parts for life Armstrong Toyota homestead
travelable and save a lot on that great new Toyota today
we're sports radio fighters here call me mr. Moose and I've been in it to
the 12 hour what's going on tonight and crying minds what's in that that's why
inquiring minds read the Miami hero is Maurice for a really having sex with an
alien from outer space it's in the house is Paul a hawk and the true mother of the elephant
man it's in the house is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry it's in the
house is Jim Baker about to give birth to Jerry fall well baby it's in the
house sex sex sex more hot oh it's in the house scary hearts amazing right
diet from Florida a crossword puzzle that has no answer our own
human surprises just for us and pop some love letters to Neil Rogers and we're so
sorry uncle Albert but we haven't heard a bloody thing all day mindless
family rhetoric and all in the latest one the Miami hero
available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere and where
fighter manure is spread you can smell it all the way up here you know we both
should apologize to ourselves because we well least I sorry because I promise
myself I'm never going to get any of those discussions again about the
Middle East because it's a hopeless case we shouldn't be there in the first
place we should just say we're cutting off the spigot and the freeway and no more money
if you want to kill each other have a good time that's that's it that's my attitude
but I read the article not because I wanted to argue the the
Israeli a Palestinian thing because of what is called journalism
that term loosely in regard of the Harold regardless of what your
position or feelings are on that issue if you have any the point being that a
responsible newspaper should have all viewpoints just like for example a Toronto
star now of course there are a lot of Middle Eastern people have here in Toronto
and so naturally they get you know they would get really holy hell if they
didn't I don't think they need to be forced to globe and mail the Toronto star
you'll find articles on all sides of these issues every day every single day
balanced is that what you're saying how do you like that well you won't find fair
imbalance than the us in the Toronto Sun or the what's the other one national post
to right wing ranks although nevertheless you'll they have both columnists that have the opposite
point of view they have to people wouldn't buy them but of course in South Florida I mean
we've got four daily newspapers here they have a choice in South Florida if you live in day
you got the Harold if you live in Browdy got the Sun sentinel if you live in Palm Beach
maybe you get the Sun sentinel if you're really desperate or the Palm Beach post which you know
forget about that even the fish won't get wrapped in that they jump right out
it's very that that was my point and we both got led down to Garden Path by this professional
Zionist apologist whatever his real does is right you don't even know what he's talking about
but but aside from that there can be no debating that the Harold doesn't give any
fair imbalance coverage whatever the issue is that's what they're at least inconsistent through
all the different changes that publishers they've come and gone and it doesn't make any difference
they've just become more strident and more right wing and more apologetic that's all just more extreme
anyway here's the huh how you doing I'm doing great I'm just waiting till uh
1130 tomorrow more we're just killing time and we already killed off two hours magnificently we butchered it
which of these people bested the description to black we took care of the adjoos and the gaze
and the Cubans leave them alone please they've had enough creep we've had enough creep from them
uh which of these people best bits of description to black now I only came up with a couple
Johnny Cochran oh I got another one I got two more it's not a two more Johnny Cochran O.J. Simpson
Lewis Farrican thought you took place and Jesse Jackson professional black what about
Al Sharpton he's probably too black for some cbc is court now by the way to see that
no I did not cmbc that's a cbc or excuse me cmbc is court and uh that uh Al Sharpton whatever
his name is for a tv show yeah also he's being courted by premier and a couple other radio
networks for a syndicated radio show I underlined syndicated radio show Al Sharpton he was good
got ahead of to him he was really good all those debates you said it first and then I will watch
and Dennis Kissin and they said the right things they performed the best they had a sense of humor
they uh they were strong in their positions they didn't waffle they didn't equivocate and they
had got squat and nobody voted for either one of them because they had bad hair is that what it was
well well yeah you're right they both got real bad the do real bad do's maybe if we did just
send him about the chuck alpheiri before the primary started just maybe but I doubt it
because I'm sure that John Kerry didn't get elected on his look that for sure oh man
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty audio t and t line I'm sure we'll have no shortage
of this because uh it's just the way it is you know we have all these pedid uses thank god that I
have none you know I'm saying somebody q a and hello yes sir I got a brother for your pull all right
how about neon neon standards perfect man in fact I was thinking about that when I made up
and pulled I forgot all about it yeah okay he was fine and then he had a screw up you know he could
screw up a wet dream can I say that he could screw up a dream how how can he do that I just can't
control him so if you finally actually had something to contribute something to say and he still
got to like take his pants down show us ask to the world hi a belly more important than anything else
I see well that's always the purpose of his call if it's called so we got anyway we got
deon Sanders on there I'm sure and I'm sure that Josh can handle a spelling of deon I think so
well we'll see d i oh in right right got it got it they want to work first man like that like
that the dizzy luar nezzes is whatever that thing was with the four season he's googled it
see he's easy-topted yeah you google it the only problem is with google if you put it in a
misspelling it'll say oh yeah we got a whole bunch of those two however you spell it see the deal
being they don't want you to feel too stupid see oh no that's what it is because I've done the
same thing we've argued about things and I've put it the same thing I said I did a search on it
and it came up spelled the way I spelled it and that's because the internet wants you to feel like
you know smart like Fredo not dumb smart not like people say right like Josh wqa am hello hello how are
you pretty good i want to talk to me to Neil i'm talking to you oh yeah sir you know
guys um Tommy Davis Jr. how about that one Sammy Davis Jr. they don't come much black or
indebted than Sammy okay or Jewish too man that's right thanks a lot pal yeah he made two of the
four pulls that's pretty good kind of a crossover Sammy Davis invite him over for crossover
for some hot cross five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
just for fun that's all nobody needs to get all up tight oh he's picking on the cubans he's
picking on the Jews we're just having a little bit of fun go on yeah well I've had that we don't
have it so much lately because over the years I've kind of like you know the people that are all
that uptight I've chased them away thank goodness thank the Lord yeah good right I don't want to
be dealing with those people if you have no sense of humor if you're all uptight if you're a
professional ethic and are looking to be offended well guess what get lost find find something okay
of course if you're looking to be offended we'll hook up well and yeah that's probably why you're
still listening if you're looking to be offended look got about it right he is the best he really
I'm not talking about the real Mo I'm talking about Volker Brian's Mo if we could somehow more
him into the body of the other one we really have something like an audience W.D. Q.A. him hello
about um Brian Gumball Brian Gumball is too black get out of here you're a crazy person man
Brian Gumball is too black he's like one shade beyond Michael Jackson last time I saw him
see I get you're right I'll tell you what just name a bunch of black people
Johnson and Jackson and right uh shoe throw on the show whatever those are my favorite hands brother how
about everybody in Liberty City yeah how about everybody in Overton everybody in Detroit I mean what
the hell are you guys talking about Brian Gumball I got one Africa hmm I do like that
I got one Haiti wow
Jamaica oh there's a few white people in Jamaica
five six seven oh five 60 leave it to them dark post to come up with a good crap man
maybe you know how to rule a big fat one five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18th
and Verizon wireless line I don't want to screw up any of your deals with your Jamaican brothers
in hood you don't want to shut that's them wqa hello I knew right over there by that barber shop yes
sir I got one for your Arsenio Hall our senior hall is too dang black and I think he could have
been I'm on the other pole soon now they mentioned it I'm not too sure about him you know I mean
the biggest teeth yeah the biggest teeth in the uh silliest ass that almost has fallen off of that
sofa oh man I see now you see let me say this deal okay if those were black people in the audience which
they were white people last time I because I saw it a couple of times most of them were white folks
doing that making those silly monkey sound but who would have been dark folks making that sound
somebody would say oh that's what's a racist show see just like Howard Cosell call an Alvin
Guarard a the little monkey see where he see monkey do five six seven oh five 60 which of these
people best fits the description too black I'm waiting for them to come up with Michael Jackson that's
the one I've been waiting for Michael Jack he's just too damn black you said monkey do yes I did
well I can't say monkey crap so I said monkey do yeah don't let up here that I said monkey do I
said monkey do I like that I said monkey do yeah and how do you like this one people do
oh no they do some some people doing some people don't remember that's your problem and some it's
just as well I love that song anyway I don't know what the judge did you just tickle him with a feather
what yeah man oh man sure don't take much when he's just in the right mood I think he's trying to
throw us off because you got into that big argument with that Israeli apologies there that
Sherone liquor that was so bad that guy was even ready to sing my Sherona he was so whipped up to a
yeah when a palestrian's get a responsible leader right I want to use Israelis get one and then
then it'll be maybe there's going to be some progress then maybe we'll take a look again but we're
not going to hold our breath for that because guess who's waiting in wings in Israel if Sherone goes
to jail which is a possibility you always got good old Benjamin Netanyahu waiting in wings and
beanie beanie Netanyahu beanie brain another militant right-wing lunatic anyway 12 minutes after
noon at five sixty WQM think about it for a virtual comedy to succeed without even a single
storefront location means beating the competition on every dimension and that's what
dial amateurs have been doing in South Florida for over a dozen years when you call one eight
hundred macros you get better prices better delivery times better customer service better
everything dial amateurs one the two thousand four better business bureau local torture award
for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before
during and after the sale when you call one eight hundred macros and speak with one of their
expert bedding consultants you can rest assured you're getting the best possible macros and deal
all the way around they got the top makers they got silly sir to Simmons King Coral temperpidic
even sturns and foster hewitt and a one eight hundred macros you'll discover there's never
an extra charge for same day delivery either dial amateurs they take same the order orders all day long
from kennel the steward Palm Beach to Ford Myers and don't forget when you call one eight hundred
macros you still get to pick the date into our delivery window you want your macros delivered and
they show up there mighty proud of their delivery record on time deliveries ninety nine point seven
percent of the time I'm one of their zignans satisfied customers and I guarantee them I'll bet
charges life on it that you will be too so do what I always do when your macros is bumpy and lumpy
and worn out you're not getting a great night sleep just make that one easy call that's all it takes
one eight hundred macros or log on to their website macros dot com dial a macros one eight hundred
m a t t r e s the easiest possible way to buy you a great new bed
my hello this is for twenty five six you way yeah
today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and
understanding dear white folk couple of things you ought to know when I'm born I'm black
when I grow up I'm black when I get sick I'm black when I go out in the sun I'm black
when I go out in the cold I'm black when I get scared I'm black and when I die I'm still black
but you my white man when you're born you're pink when you grow up you're white when you get sick
you're green when you go out in the sun you go red and when you get cold you turn blue
when you get scared you turn yellow and the happiest time of my life is when white people die you turn purple
and you got the damn nerd to call me colored uh interesting spelling job if you thought desi
aren't as with four z's was interesting ferricon here is just a we could do a whole show on
what's he gonna do about it if they are a c o n you got the car park right out like that
I think he was trying to spell uh faracon oh my de cone do we fight well erick's gonna have to
correct it he knows how to spot if a r a k h a n yeah there's an h somewhere something like that
some made up they have some creative spot on everybody's doing well in spite of an outsharp ins god
that we just got a few votes to get started here on this one not all that many because these people
these people are devoting now that I'm gonna be perceived as being racist it was okay to
unacquement one we had a plethora we had almost 500 votes in two hours jamming it but on this one
well we got to be real careful you know look at these people best describes the uh fits the
description of being too black I'll tell you right now I voted for johnny conkman you know the race
cart thing with him his whole uh deal seems to be you know what I mean that's it I voted for jesse
al sharp and eight Lewis ferricon five deon Sanders vote desi jackson three johnny conkman two
oh j simpson one none yet for sami devis do near our sinew just the first twenty two votes they're
coming in real slow now because people are looking over their shoulder when they vote
w a m hello korea got king korea scott king is too black
now don't go putting that on there Josh okay korea scott king is too black for support
w the q a m hello hey now how you doing pretty good
muffle color brother checking in all right um take you back to your w i d days with brine car
brine car is an excellent one yeah we can't take it out i think it'll be tough to beat on
beyond fantasy watch yourself though brine will see your ass man i know right take care
all right yep bye hey brine are you sure you're happy now start hey i don't know uh oh uh oh man
yeah right in cocks i'm sure that uh Josh can handle that i can handle it
five six seven oh five sixty and you and you gave me crap for monkey do huh wow
so to speak w the q a m hello meal yes sir i got one uh spikely spikely is too dang black for me man
it's all he does is make a bunch of uh let's feel sorry for you dark folk movies smoking
it's joint movies there exactly thanks a lot one hey one more thing yes when you're back down here
in town for lunch check out our mode grill five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
heatie and and Verizon wireless line oh speak to this issue one moment please w q m hello
good afternoon mister roger good afternoon mister collar i can tell you're doing very well
I'm doing great.
I'm having a wonderful day myself.
I'm glad you're here.
The last caller just took my thunder about spikyly.
I wanted to say the same thing.
But I would like to say thank you for shining the light on these Republican cockroaches out there.
And this is coming to you from a Republican voter by the way.
Right.
I am so sick and tired of what they're doing out there.
Well, I vote several times the opposite this time.
Make up for lost time.
Thank you.
Now what are you just going to say?
The new Chris Rock HBO special is good and quite watchable.
You'll like it.
Oh, we're not putting Chris Rock on here.
No, we're not.
He's a good guy.
I got one for you.
I got another one.
Okay.
Will Smith.
Yes, he will.
Oh, boy.
Will Smith.
You got it there, Josh.
Will Smith.
He just makes me and there's just something about him.
And he's not really like real dark complex.
And we're not talking about complex.
You have to work at it.
And he does.
If we were talking about complexion, you could just put like that king Cole on there.
And go put him on there.
No, it's seriously.
He was he was very, very.
I mean, you know how it goes.
Some people are like a Halle Berry and some people are like a old king Cole and that king
Cole Natalie Cole.
And I don't haven't seen Natalie Cole in a long time.
I forget.
Is she like real dark complex?
No.
Does she video?
She's like, yeah, medium or charcoal.
56670560, calm 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQAM.
Hello.
Mike Tyson.
Mike Tyson is good.
He's too black and too obnoxious and too a lot.
In fact, see, there's an example of a guy that most of the black folks would probably like to give back.
Just like me would, no, me would Bob Kuntz and who you were doing with the acuban thing?
Oh, I have a long list with him.
Oh, see.
A lot of people that you would just like give them.
We don't want to take credit for them.
Okay, they must be, must be, must be, check the birth certificate.
Must be something else.
WQAM.
Hello.
Mill.
Yes, sir.
Marty Cole.
Hey WQAM.
Hello.
That's one.
Hey, Mill.
Yes, sir.
How about Buddy Mac and Steve Harvey?
I like Marty Cole and veteran.
Didn't you?
Yeah.
Good friend of mine, Marty.
I didn't know Marty Cole was black.
I thought he was white, but then a guy didn't know him all I will, you know.
So, what's your name?
What's your name?
How many black comedians can you name?
Right.
Now, we're not, we're not, we're not playing that game, okay?
How many black guys can you name?
All right, and women don't leave them out.
Right.
And Chillin.
Are you Chillin?
Yes.
1130 tomorrow morning.
I told you that.
I'm not lying.
Right.
I'm lying.
If I'm lying, you're dying.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Mill.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
Hey, uh, you're really this rapper, Chuck D?
Chuck D, yeah, I heard him.
Yeah.
I want to nominate him from being too black.
All right, thanks.
And what about, let's put him on it.
What about 50 cent?
Okay.
See, and again, there's another one, a lot of black folks.
Oh, no, we don't, he's white.
He's just, there's the Al Jolson thing, you know.
I put some black face.
Let's put him at M on here, even though he's white.
No.
He's too black.
No, he's not.
We're not talking about that.
We're just making a joke.
No, you weren't.
No, you weren't.
You were trying to sneak it on there.
Probably winking a Josh.
Get it in there.
Slip it in there.
I don't wink it, Josh.
That's you.
Good.
No, I don't either.
You're winking now.
First of all, when I'm there, he ain't there, okay?
He's nowhere near that point.
He walks through.
Real fast.
I don't blame him.
5, 6, 7, I don't know why you say that.
You just want to instill fear and paranoia.
Man, when I'm not there, I might hear something burning
from the kind of crap that's going on.
Trust me.
Oh, please.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
I'm not going to be there.
According to recent promotional ads and releases an episode of the ABC News magazine showed 2020 hearing
10 p.m. this Friday will feature five couples competing and vying to adopt a baby boy.
The host of the program is one of the most prominent broadcasters, Barbara Wal-Waw.
Barbara Wal-Waw.
Wal-Waw.
Wal-Waw.
Wal-Waw.
Wal-Waw.
They shift food, money, companies or dangerous businesses.
they shift food, monetary incentives or there are various other market venues as well as something veryітts the company.
Actors, unemployment officers take all the credit units and diupjust employees who employ a lot of damages.
Actors, Wei-Waw,orrow, King, TimesKeys, taraf era labour done scream of disorder.
been writing and calling ABC, voicing their displeasure over the program's
game show like nature and asking, please don't error it. The programs
website's been flooded in recent days with angry chat room postings. Probably
caused a chat shows too. From adoptive parents, birth mothers and others, among
the messages, you will win the award for the best trash on TV if you're the
show and I'm really surprised at Vaba. Thought you was a journalist, little
did we know. The total sellout, right? Are they going to be competing the
parents? We need just let me finish the right. Some writers are urging
viewers to complain to the FCC. We're calling for boycotts of Disney, the
parent company of ABC and Comcast is no we don't want to buy anymore by the
way. Disney. In response to the outcry ABC pulled its promotional ad and
replaced it with a version that does not portray the process as a competition or
reality show. ABC News Vice President Jeffrey Schneider would not discuss the
contents of the show which will air during the start of a rating sweep
period just by coincident some sure but said we'd view copies that included
references to the adoption of the competition do not reflect final editing
changes. It is a very responsible interesting thoughtful hour in a process
most Americans might not know anything about it said. The app was over B. My
baby, the Friday episode that had been built as a unique look inside the
intense competition of the open adoption process. The hour long show focuses on
Jessica, 16-year-old pregnant Ohio girl and her struggle to select one of five
couples to adopt her unborn son. The mother to be what's a couple who'll
permit her and her extended family to continue to play a prominent role in
the boy's life. Seeking to adopt the child who had yet to be born at the time
of taping, Karen and tab brown, more he's broker and sales exec, Steven
Kathy Follinger, police officer and administrative assistant, teachers Tina
and Daniel McKean, financial administrator Steve enjoys stressor, and Beth
and Matt Trinca, warehouse supervisor and physical therapist. The show's news
releases referred to the couple's finalist, shadowing them as they each go through
a 30-minute interview to convince the pregnant girl that they be the best
parents for her soon to be born baby. At one point, tab brown says he feels as
though he's on the dating show, the bachelor, your inner you're out tonight.
Adoption professionals through the show will perhaps well intention, will leave
viewers with an accurate idea about the process. Also, birth mothers today do
review family profiles and select individuals and couples to raise their
children. They do so only after adoption agencies have to careful scrutiny of
all parties, narrow the choice to far fewer than five experts say. Maybe we can
just bring Donald Trump on say you got the kid. Huh? Oh man. Rarely do birth
mothers interview five families in the process does not take 30 minutes they say
it involves months of obtaining information, asking for more information and
behind the scenes discussions with mothers and adopted families before any
meeting occurs, families who are not chosen sometimes never even know they
were under consideration. The process that it shows is unlike anything I've
ever seen in real life said Adam Perpman, but that ought to be a TV reality show.
Right unreal. He's executive director of the New York based Evan B. Donaldson
adoption students much more private normally. Indeed, the cameras presence
not to mention Walters cannot be downplayed. Adoption workers wonder did the
adopted parents agree to participate thinking they'd somehow have a better
chance of getting a baby. Did Jessica feel pressure to relinquish her rights to
her child because she was appearing on 2020? What effect years later will the show
have on the boy and his self image? All of these things. There's a lot of anxiety,
a lot of concern that this really degrades the process. Oh perfect for TV if
it's degrading. Said Doug Renninger, president of American Academy of Adoption
Turnies, the focus is all on winning the prize. It might as well be a basket of
fruit. See, they're doing it like that. If they had some obstacle courses, maybe
eating bugs, getting naked, then they'd have to. Oh, that's next Friday.
It's day. Oh,
David Milch's version of the Old West. When Cowboys were smelly and used 500
curse words for sentence, there's a new gunslinger in town to avenge the death of his
friend. Why a bill is what you do?
You bump these parts stranger. Yeah, who are you? I'm Buffalo Bear. Mommy.
He said it.
Ed Liffey is a fellow bill. You sure are fast on a
day. I wouldn't be fast if I didn't put the lotion in a
holster.
That's about as close as we can get to promoting the dialogue of deadwood only on 8
below.
245 and 560 WDQAM. Which of these people best bits of description to black?
The on Sanders 27 Louis Ferrican 26 got the spell right. Nice go in Eric.
Jesse's Jackson 23 L. Sharpton 23 got a good for a battle going there.
Spike Lee got 16.
Johnny Cochran 9 50 sent 8 OJ Simpson 4 Mike Tyson 4 or Cine O 3.
Brian Cox 1 Alan Keys 1 Will Smith none.
Sammy Davis Jr. got the big O and took these got none and for a
extra effort don't have any. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T.
I feel like say Troy's just big brother.
Barely even like light chocolate. You know, yeah. Light mocha.
WDQAM. Hello.
Yes, I had a suggestion for the poll. I don't know.
Yes, sir. Bobby Brown.
Bobby Brown downtown Bobby Brown.
Yeah, without a doubt. I like to lock Whitney down a lot.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, thanks a lot pal.
Sure. I have a great day.
Good old Bobby Brown. He's just another one.
I'm sure they'd like to say, oh, you guys can have him.
Maybe tomorrow he'll wake up like yellow.
It can be like turn Chinese.
Okay, what no, I would have said turning Japanese,
but I can't say that. No more.
No back in the day though.
Dominic Q. A.m. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
I'm doing great.
I got a request for your poll.
A request. Okay. What would that be?
M and M. M and M.
That's a request.
Or it said that before. I don't know.
What do you think Josh? Well, let you break the tie.
No, no. He's not black.
I was making a joke. Yeah, George was doing a joke.
I would be like saying that Elvis because he did our
and B music was black. You know, always out with that was.
Yeah, well, and Pat Boone, you know, 2D fruity.
By the way, Brett under and I don't think we're getting
to really respect for what's your name?
What is your name? That's on there.
The first the behind the what is her name? Heidi, uh,
fly. Heidi. That's her.
No, seriously, who we got?
Carrie Werr. Oh, yeah, a canary event.
No, Carrie Werr. How are you?
Say her name just don't tell her short.
If you can't write that. That's a good picture.
Catcher. Well, I just don't think a lot of people know
who she is. Am I wrong about that?
A bit of the million things, but no, she never quite broke
through you know, she never made the big breakthrough.
Well, looks like she's got the material to break through.
She released a window. She used to high speed.
She hadn't taken out so still something looked there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
We can't say what though. Can we just take a picture?
Just check in.
Of course, he ended up that anyway.
WQ a.m. Hello, Uncle Neil.
You're sure Bill Cosby.
Bill Cosby's pretty black.
That's right. Good choice.
He's the one and I was on.
He only eats the chocolate the yellow pudding.
Yes, another thing is you get a chance.
Definitely check out deadwood.
It's well worth it. Joy's also.
OK, thanks.
Bye.
All right.
It's on HBO though, right?
What nights? I wish I knew.
Yeah, check your local listings.
I don't get HBO, but we have.
We have some other funky channels here that carry like
sopranos and shows that are on HBO.
You don't get them. You can't get it or just don't have it.
It ain't it's not on my digital cable.
It's not available. It doesn't exist here.
It's an American thing.
And which don't mean we don't have a lot of American things
like CNN.
That's wrong. There's that self-hating David from there
who ought to be a tart and feathered.
Are you going to see Chris Rock?
And why don't I just get to Sandy?
There isn't one of those shows that doesn't wind up
either on global or CTV or one of these many
goofball off brand networks we got here.
OK, OK, OK.
You just have to know where to find it.
And the show too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
You know this is on a whole different level.
These names here, even though there are a lot of people
who aren't exactly what you call popular,
then the first two hours with the Cuban thing.
Right.
Now I didn't invent it.
And there are people, oh no, you're
you've been doing this Cuban version for 20 years, right?
Like I invented this.
There was a, I'm not even there.
There was a hostility that exists in that town.
It is just so always like simmering right
under the surface.
Why are we now in a boil over when there's something
really important like alien or the Aladdin Grammy
or whatever.
But it's just always at the simmering point.
All you got to do is like somebody just
give you the wrong look or somebody
go to the airport and have some cost
to comment maybe a small Cuban guy that did it for me.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
James Brown.
James Brown.
He's pretty black.
Good choice.
And always in trouble, man.
See one thing in common, people on this list,
not all of them like Will Smith, he ain't no trouble
just annoying, really annoying.
See, most of the people I would see either are in trouble
or they are trouble, right?
Deon Sanders, he said his brush or two with a law.
Louis Ferrican, he's trouble.
Al Sharpton.
Deon's got 32 Louis Ferrican 29.
Al Sharpton 26, Jesse Jackson 24.
That is a battle.
That's what you call a house raise.
Spike Lee 19.
Johnny Cochland 10.
We're going to play the race card.
Do you understand what?
Sure, I'm glad you're pronouncing that really good these days.
Johnny Cochland 50 cent has got nine.
Looks like he needs about 41 more cent.
Mike Tyson 5, OJ Simpson 4, our city of Hall 4.
Ryan Cox got a pair.
Are you sure?
Alan Keys won Bobby Brown 1 and no votes yet.
This is amazing for Sammy Davis, Jr.
Chuck D. Will Smith or Bill Cosby just won on our order 166.
But it's not the same kind of zeal for this particular poll as the first one.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Hi, I'm Colin from Neil.
Yes, man, speaking to him.
Hi, Neil.
I just wanted to give a local figure for you.
OK.
The Rebendicter Curry.
Oh, that's a good one.
Bishop Victor Curry, right?
Thanks, Neil.
Thanks.
See ya.
What is his exact title besides...
Bishop Victor Curry.
Besides Schmendrick Cole.
Bishop Victor Curry, there's one of your local locals in Ojrampur, Valkontur, there ever was one.
He's one of the one that's always complaining about this show and all of these things and he's racist.
And he's probably not happy with this thing, but with these two hours.
Even though we spread it around for just about every kind of group out of the sun,
of which two that I fit into myself and one that George Vincent do,
Josh, we don't want to fit him in.
Redneck.
Yeah, that really.
Not, I don't think so.
He's a generic redneck.
Not too many redneck's living in Western, you think?
Well, living in Cole Springs.
I think you're living in Western.
Nah.
Yeah, George, for me, is that you're living in one of your most...
Is that somewhere out there?
Yeah, someone to you, it's all the same.
OK, we can't all live in a real prestigious area like Hollywood.
Well, that's your mark.
Wow.
Yeah, ask mom, maybe she can have you over for lunch every now and then.
Now that you're almost neighbors, right?
I'll do it.
WQM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I got a gift for your ball.
Who is it?
Tim Brown.
Tim Brown?
Oh, Jim Brown.
Jim Brown.
Yeah, he's a pretty dark guy.
He's darken, literally, you know what I mean?
He's a dark character.
Great football player, but he's like a whole kinds of problems, man.
She could make us some really bad mots of ball soup,
but she made me last time I was on her.
Don't ever make that again.
My was the worst crap I ever had in my life.
It was just gruesome.
Those were two of the worst.
Well, it was just bad soup, you know what I mean?
It was just bad stuff.
Just walk away.
No, I was thinking more like when I saw it.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
And I was.
And I made the mistake I ate it.
It was pretty nasty, see?
You don't like mots of ball soup out of a can.
So just forget about the soup, huh?
Just stick with really a good stuff like those millie burgers that will really, well, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT.
She makes great potato pancakes.
I'll say that.
Can I eat those?
I'll eat them anyway.
Go to the QA and hello.
Hey, got one for the black ball.
Yes, sir.
Stokey Carmichael.
Also, you know, got a suggestion to,
how about, how about Hogi Carmichael?
How about it?
I would do say it.
A suggestion to, for another ball with the black,
black that are too white.
That's bad, man.
I like that.
And also, I've written, I've written Metro Fail four times.
He's what?
He wrote the Metro Fail four times.
Oh, he wrote Metro Fail four times.
I can understand what he, I'll be saying.
He wrote the Metro Fail four times.
That's good.
Everybody calls him.
We want to find out if you ever read the, uh, wrote the Metro Fail.
And how you like the ribs and shorties.
Really stop and think about that.
I remember people like Richard Friedman having an arrest, having a cow back in the day.
And the herald was just pontificating.
Oh, this is going to be so great for the community.
And it's going to do this.
And of course, the only reason the herald cared about is because it went downtown.
Anything that went downtown, let's try to beef up that crappy neighborhood that the herald is in.
And let me ask you this, since I never go downtown, I mean, and now they were near it.
Uh, all that big renovation they were going to do there, you know, right around where the herald is.
And, uh, has that taken place yet?
Wow, you got your base side.
Now, I'm not talking about base side.
Now, this was, this was a little bit closer into where one herald plans is there, you know, uh, uh, and we're going to like renovate.
And we're going to be a shopping malls and all this really fancy, fancy and really, uh, goose it up.
And everybody's going to be schlepping running down to be in downtown Miami and increase the value of the herald of the property, of course.
I think there's a new fake Rolex watch stand that wasn't.
See, that's just an ancillary benefit.
The fact that it would benefit the herald and goose up their property.
They would never allow that to interfere with their, with their editorial judge.
Come into QAM. Hello.
QAM.
I've got your winner here.
Yes, sir. Michael Irving.
Michael Irving.
Okay, thank you. Michael Irving.
And as it me or these people not pronouncing some of the names are like, stokely car Michael, not stokey.
I remember Mike Stokey and I remember stokeys out there on I-75.
Are they still in business?
We talk about them all the time.
I don't even know if they really still exist.
Stokeys? Stokey.
Yeah, they're still around.
You know, where they get that rancid peanut brittle from about six, seven years ago.
They're still at the plaza.
Yeah.
And mother of butlers pies.
What's the, what are the cookies at the turnpike plaza?
Mrs. Fields.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
You'll have a field today out there at the turnpike.
And of course, Nathan's, huh?
You know what they say?
You can't, I'm not going to say it.
Sometimes I'm about Nathan's weenies, but I'm not going to say it.
Pro 56 at 560 QAM.
Mike and look all.
This is 430560 QAM.
Oh, this is honored.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
I've broken through a bedroom window.
And by 8M, you just wow.
Now, what I did I do was crypto.
But that ain't no to do if you play for the fish.
Against my girlfriend, for brought the tell me.
That is how the bitch was someone else's wife.
Oh, man.
The survival was being heavy, healthy.
And I found out when it changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her own bed.
And that's the best part of me.
We don't feel it now.
Wow, honey, like that.
I guess we both are doing so well that we got to that.
I could have liked, you know, don't know what I was.
One of those obscured it.
101 at 560 WQAM.
You want?
I don't.
Okay.
Secret Service questions student on drawings.
Prosecutor Washington.
Secret Service agents question a high school student about anti-war drawings he did for art class.
One of which depicted President Bush's head on a stick.
Another pencil in ink drawing portrayed Bush as a devil launching a missile with a caption reading
and the war on terrorism.
The 15 year old boy's art teacher at Prosecutor High School turned the drawings over to school administrators
who notified police who called the Secret Service.
We involved the police anytime we have a concern, and prosecutors superintendent Ray Tallcatcher told the Tri-City Hero newspaper.
Secret Service agents, I thought that's where you threw your money when you go on the turn pack in the toll catcher.
Secret Service agents interviewed the boy last Friday.
The student was not arrested, not been identified.
The school district discipline in, but district officials refused to say what the punishment was.
Tallcatcher said the boy was not suspended.
The artwork apparently was part of an assignment to keep a notebook of drawings according to Kevin Craven's, a friend of the boy's family.
The drawing that drew the most notice showed a man in what appeared to be Middle Eastern style clothing holding a rifle.
He was also holding a stick with an oversized head of the president on it.
The student said the head was enlarged because it was intended to be an effigy Craven said the caption called for an end of the war in Iraq.
A message left by the AP with an, what is it, whatever, was not returned.
If the victim you will kidn prosverus perceived as a threat to the president that were living in 1984 Craven said,
tallcatcher insisted it was not a freedom of speech issue, but a concern over the depiction of violence.
From what I saw, school officials write to be concerned, prosver pull a Steve Wind Taylor, be sane.
No relation to Frank Taylor, who only had one thumb.
560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Which of these people best fits description to black?
The guy that said we ought to do one about which black people are too white.
I mean, how many of those are there?
530, man.
Michael Jackson.
Oh, Jay.
No.
I'm going to talk about white.
Look it.
He plays golf.
He doesn't know how to play golf.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Brian Cumball.
Oh, yeah.
What's his brother's name that stinks the joint out on CBS?
Greg Cumball.
Greg Cumball.
I beg your pardon?
Said Greg.
Okay, speak up there now.
Read you to it, though.
Greg Cumball, man, he's just awful.
He's just horrendous.
He makes them, they've been boring so exciting.
Oh, by the way, say how did they've next time you do in a game with him?
Josh.
I'll do that.
Somebody can wait and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Pretty good.
I wanted to mention something.
No one's brought it up yet.
And I hate to admit I was listening to Alan Colms on the radio last night.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
How depressing.
You're the one.
I hate somebody has to do it.
So he mentioned yes, I think it was yesterday the day before in the House of Representatives
when they were doing the Pledge of Allegiance.
Yes.
It was Democrat, Jim McDermott of Washington.
It was his turn to lead the House in the Pledge.
And when he got to the partitions of the part where he was supposed to say under God, he lifted out.
And the Republicans went berserk.
One of them got up, some guy from Texas, I think, named Sessions.
Got up on the House floor and said this is an assault on American tradition and value.
I'm surprised you had to be stopped.
Excellent.
And I'm surprised no one mentioned it.
I didn't see any stories about it anywhere.
And I'm scouring like I always do.
I never read one word about it, even under God.
So, I'll probably show up later and I want to recommend a quick book to you.
Okay.
It's called Take Them Out Their Words.
Shocking, amusing and baffling quotations from the GOP and their friends 1994 to 2004.
Okay.
And it's just little quotations that you can throw in, irritate.
Okay, thanks, Paul.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
One nation under God.
That would have really done it, you know what?
Wish I'd have seen that.
Yeah, well, I'll scour for it.
We'll find it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you don't forget to look for the QMV and 5, 7, 7, 7, 8, anchors away, located at Beach Place in Florida.
The other day, I'll stop by to spin the wheel for prizes.
And we're just going to win 300 scratch-off tickets from the Florida lottery.
I don't know how many of you get a chance to win.
Maybe all 300.
And I have no idea because they just tell us crap.
It's the Anchor's Way Party for the Air and C Show today at Beach Place.
As long as they get in a commercial plug, they don't really care about the other information.
WDQA and Hello.
Yes, sir.
I have a edition to Niels Paul.
Okay.
Bernie Mack.
Bernie Mack?
Yes, Bernie Mack.
I heard him earlier and we dismissed it as a...
He's just a black comedian.
Yeah, he's just a black guy.
Okay, well, why is he too black?
Another edition.
Okay.
He may not fit the profile, but how about M and M?
No, okay.
Or for two, sorry.
Sorry.
You know who we forgot, though.
Who's that?
Give me a clue.
Tell me, that's too fast.
Give me a hint.
I mean, kill a couple of minutes with this.
Give me a hint.
First one is he smell like.
M1.
Second initial M.
Second initial M.
You mean the last name or the second initial of his first name?
I didn't say draw it out one letter at a time.
Got blonde hair.
Blonde hair.
Yeah.
Well, not naturally blonde.
Bleach is it.
Yeah.
Things a lot of rap songs.
Yeah.
Sounds like candy.
Yeah.
Melt in your mouth.
WQM, hello.
Thank you.
I speak to Neil.
I'm snickering as you're saying that.
Yes, he speaks to me.
How are you, sir?
Pretty good.
Hello, I'm just kidding.
Go ahead.
Bear with me.
I've been trying to get a hold of you for a while now.
I'm here.
Slippery.
Been a long time listener since the bird seed days.
If you recall those.
Yes, I do.
Okay.
Luke Kroner still having bad val movements because of those days.
Well, all I wanted to say is like you always say.
They look like they could be a democratic.
I'm going to snap the veto of the Joseph victory or something.
So they're going to self-destruct is what you're trying to say.
They're going to grab the feet from the jaws of victory.
That's great.
Looks like it.
They're well on their way.
Exactly.
And also like you might recall from those days.
We might call you Neil Nostradamus because you predicted all this.
Remember when you were for John Anderson?
Yeah.
And the Reagan was going to be elected.
You said all these appointees on the Supreme Court are going to bring.
You know, these are we going to rule.
Remember those days.
Right.
I do.
Sure.
Yeah.
Well, now we're paying for those choices now.
You got it.
That's why we got what we got right now.
Yeah.
And these are the Supremes.
And all these so-called patriarchy Republicans say, you know,
the thing America is about its choice.
When they just basically see decisions before the breastgate
or whatever you want to call it.
At least we had the choice whether to listen to your or how it's turned or not.
Now we have much choice.
You know, they they had the choice to turn not you on or off.
There are lots of Nazis, man.
I mean, no sense of beating around the voice.
There are lots of Nazis playing that simple.
We like to ask Pally.
I'll see you at the border.
Well, keep giving it to them Neil.
All right.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
30 seconds, I kept showing that dang thing over and over and over again.
Something about these Schwarzer cowboy anglers just kind of like let me limp if you catch my drift.
Or let me, yeah, like that.
Louis Farricon 40, this is a battle, we haven't had a pool like this in a long time.
Which of these people best fit the description?
Two black, Louis Farricon 40, Dion Sanders 38, Spike Lee 33, Al Sharpen 33, Jesse Jackson 31.
Oh, by the way, you know that Jesse's a baby, whatever that thing is, can't play that.
Jesse's baby.
No, you love child.
The love child thing.
Oh, yeah.
I didn't close.
I listened about the first two words.
Oh, that's it.
Fifty-seven, fourteen, Johnny Cochrane, fourteen.
Mike Tyson, seven, OJ's got only six.
How come time aid OJ is so black?
Our city of four, Bobby Brown four, Michael Irvin four, Ryan Cox three, Alan Keys two, Chuck D's got one, James Brown one.
Bishop Curry.
I think he's kind of kid Korean.
Bishop Victor Curry one and no votes yet out of two hundred and forty five, a big zero for Eddie Murphy Bill Cosby.
Will Smith and even for Sammy Davis, Jr.
They figured leave him with the Jewish thing, all right?
You know what is, huh?
I said, all right.
I'm looking for that thing.
What is that under?
The eye?
Yeah, what is that under?
I'll never find it.
Forget about it.
It's not worth it.
Twelve out of seven, one out of five, sixty, WQ, much facing.
You've been here me talk for a long time for years now about fast train.
And probably wondered if it makes sense for you if you'd like to get out of the rut that you're like this stuck in right now.
The facts are simple.
If you have the dedication, fast train can provide you with the necessary training,
help you achieve a new high-paying computer career, and they can do it.
This is part of the best part of the deal in just four short months.
Just think about it by the end of the summer.
You can be on your way, uh, working in a great new computer job, getting a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Fast trains got day night and weekend classes, financial assistance for people who qualify.
Once you complete your classes, fast train will even help you out and getting a new computer job.
So what's not to like?
It's really just that easy.
Just pick up the phone, make that one easy call that could change your life in a big, big way.
They got seven locations for it, including Miami Kindle for Lauderdale and Timber Pines.
So there's bound to be a fast train fairly close by you.
Check them out of the web at fast train.com and then make that call.
And please be sure and tell them the Todd Dreck, told you to call it, will brighten up their day.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
5-8-Local. This is 5-6-6. The radio is on your hands.
Thank you, Ian.
Absolutely.
We need a leader who will give us back on track.
Here.
Oh my god.
Uh-huh.
Oh.
1-18. I'd rather have a spastic hole in the middle of the week.
But, you know, it's just something for you.
You sure as hell can't call him being too black, can you?
Nope.
Just two full of crap, I think.
We'll probably have a poll on that one these days soon.
Which of these people do you think is two full of crap?
I know who might win.
Absolutely.
Wait until you hear this, be gonna full of crap.
97-year-old handcuffed and jailed for unpaid traffic ticket.
They won't do that again.
Highland Park, Texas.
But, is your love around and people up in Texas, you know?
They all round up.
They don't must rail.
They like to smoke them out of their holes and go get them.
Police say they had no choice but to go by the book when they handcuffed a 97-year-old woman
and took her to jail for failing to pay a traffic ticket.
Harriet Keltman was arrested last week after officer Stockton for having an expired registration
and inspection sticker and realized there was a warrant for arrest for failing to pay a traffic ticket.
Keltman, a former school teacher who was living in the Dallas suburb for decades,
was in police custody for about two hours before her attorney arrived and she was released in her own reconnaissance.
Our real beef with this is that no real judgment was displayed or actually carried out in the sensitive,
said Keltman's son, Dr. Phil Keltman, Jr., a plastic reconstructive surgeon with Bayley University Medical Center.
But police spokesman Detective Randy Milliken said the officers had no choice but to arrest Keltman's mother.
However, a warrant begins with the words, you are hereby commended to arrest Milliken, said,
How do you decide who you are arresting and who you don't?
How about an aged 90 but not a 91 and up? How about between 17 and 20?
Phil Keltman, Jr., said his mother, in other words, maybe a little bit of judgment could come into play?
No, no, they haven't got that.
The book can't complain about their judgment because they don't have any.
Phil Keltman, Jr., said his mother lives alone, cooks her own meals, goes out to lunch regularly,
and is involved in the community. She's got good eyesight.
All of our enthusiasm should be tempered with judgment and therein lies my problem with this,
and basically mother's problem with it too, he said.
Her other son, David, is a state-dhistory judge who said it would be inappropriate from to discuss the arrest.
97-year-old woman, man, which I think 90's old enough, but nevertheless she made it to 97.
Out there driving around, she's got good eyesight. I'm sure her reflexes are great, huh?
Nobody's asking why a 97-year-old woman is driving.
I mean, she's got a few little pimples on her record there, but nevertheless, if you don't deny a 97-year-old woman.
You probably have a few pimples on it too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Which of these people best pits the description to black?
And so far, look at that.
Four votes separate to top three.
Louis Farrakhan 44, Neon Deon 43, and El Sharpen be having 40.
And Spike Lee's riding the rest to his moment up fast now.
Nobody QA in, hello?
Hey, Neil, great show.
Yes it is.
Kind of surprised that I don't see Don King on that poll.
Well, he is now.
That's why we need you.
That's why we need your input and insight.
Don and his magic hair.
You got it.
All right, Bank of Life.
Thanks a lot.
He kills me at Don King and other people is what we hear.
It's amazing.
This kind of thing that goes on about people who are like a ledge,
murderers, and that's a legs like 50 cent and Don King.
And they just kind of walk around on the loose like, hey, I'm a big shot.
You see?
Oh, Jay.
Oh, Jay, forget about that.
Thank God they didn't play the race card of that trial.
Speaking of trials, what's going on with Jason Williams?
Huh?
The jury was deliberate yesterday.
Let's take a quick look at court TV.
It seems that if they're trying to find out if specifically he tampered with Chris Morris or John Gortonick,
they had to answer guilty already to the tampering with witness question.
That's me.
Now, they got a jury clock on here at court TV, but it's not moving.
Seven hours, 54 minutes and 27 seconds.
What does that mean?
Is that how long they've been to the written?
Maybe it's jury rigged.
No, no, seriously, it's got to be longer than that.
A common thought.
Yeah, look at that.
And participate.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But the same old crap, man.
Just kill and time.
Just fill up a bunch of time like we are today.
At least we got to go to excuse.
I guarantee there are numbers aren't coming out tomorrow.
Court TV.
They're pretty good though when they got the Jason Williams things on, huh?
When you think I think.
And remember the clowns, the jack holes who were saying,
oh, the Kobe Bryant thing, this is going to be just as big as OJ.
Oh, my goodness.
Are they out of their mind?
I would say half of America don't know Kobe Bryant from an e to Bryant from Bryant Gumball.
Right?
Right.
Who?
Exactly.
I mean, OJ, nobody don't know OJ whether they would like nothing or not, that's not the point.
Nobody don't know OJ and hate him like poison except in our building.
WQA, I'm hell.
Rose.
Yes, sir.
Can I do the kneel?
Speaking.
Yes, it is.
And we put you on that pole.
Okay, great.
WQA, I'm hello.
Kneel.
Yes, sir.
Listen, you'll get these guys just related to last two.
You can tell, you can kiss and cousin.
WQA, I'm hello.
Mr. Roses.
Speaking.
I'd like to nominate Warren Crowe Marty.
Warren Crowe Marty, the Crow, oh my God.
The Crowe is pretty black now, you mentioned it, you know what?
And that lingo, his is kind of like, I got your crowbar, that's right here, home boy.
Yeah.
I mean, e-bottom is one thing, but only one guy knows does the crowbar.
I got your crowbar, that's right here, home boy.
Warren Crowe Marty, let's get the old Crowe on there and speaking of Warren, how about Warren's sap?
Warren's sap, I guarantee that Joshua will get that honor immediately.
Would you not?
I will.
Yes, you will.
Or else, WQA, I'm hello.
QAM?
Yeah, is this kneel?
Yes, it is, sir.
Kneel, I've got a couple of female entries for your...
Well, how about just one would be excellent.
Narrow it down.
Um, we got Oprah Winfrey yet?
Okay, thank you.
Oprah is too blessed.
I see I had it like chopping off Midson's because he's got a couple.
We're not doing that anymore.
Okay, today we draw the line.
Oprah is fine.
That's a good choice.
Although I don't really look upon her as being all that black.
I look upon her as being like, I don't know.
Is she connected with lots of black causes and stuff?
She, uh, yeah, she does.
Yeah.
But she kind of like spreads it all around.
I don't know, I just can't stomach her.
She just makes me ill.
I feel, I feel like unclean when I see her on my set.
All the much worse when Dr. Phil pops up.
See, at least, at least, even though her show blows and she's got nothing to say,
uh, at least she accomplished something on her own.
She didn't have to be like a, like a spin-off from somebody else.
Nobody popped her up.
I mean, unlike like the Jefferson's, which was a great show,
I'm very, very funny and spot-of-what-and-jigger things,
uh, without all in the family, there wouldn't have been no Jefferson's.
Right.
And without Oprah, there wouldn't have been no Dr. Phil.
The difference being that the Jefferson's was great and Dr. Phil
blows.
WQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
We forgot Miriam Olufant.
Oh, we, how's Sylvie Forgett?
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, bye.
He's on her media.
Thank you.
Miriam the big, big, Elephant.
Hey, listen, she just got railroaded.
You know how that is?
It's a racial thing.
No matter what it is,
any time a black person does something bad,
it's always a racial thing.
We know that.
Am I right?
Who bet?
That's American, uh, way.
American, and way.
What?
Well, hey, we can't play that no more.
We're going to have to clear that per act.
In fact, let me just, and I better not.
I'll do it during the break.
Listen to how good the bleep is and that thing.
Are you listening to it during the break?
Well, both listen to what I, all three of us will listen to it.
How do you like that?
We'll have a committee vote on it.
And see if we have to stick a,
I'm there in the middle, cover it up.
Because we don't want to be letting no nasty words go on here,
because Michael Powell and John Adelstein and Michael cops,
all these other word cops up there in DC are going to get all
bent out of shape.
And there'll be people who are monitoring us who are sending off,
oh, angry, angry letters.
Oh, I heard this and I smelled that.
Yeah.
And the public sits back and accept this as though this is what America's all about.
And this is this to me.
This is the most amazing part to show you what a fabulous,
you think the religion is to do a good job of turning the people's brains to mush.
They're a pikers when it comes to the mass media.
Who is going to be on American Idol?
And how come that broad didn't win last week?
She got railroaded and it was a raw deal.
26 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
This Saturday may first pompe of park will feature summer casting
of the run for the roses, the 130th running of the Kentucky Derby
from Churchill Downs.
You can watch and plunge on the world's greatest horse race,
right at pompe of park this Saturday.
There'll be early bird wagering on the Kentucky Derby,
starting at 1 p.m. Friday.
And for both days, pompe of park will have free past performance
pages for the Derby field.
Are you eating again?
On Saturday, it's closing night for the top of the park
restaurant, the special dining room will open.
See how it's going to talk about the dining room.
And the special dining room will open extra early at 4.30 p.m.
There will also be mint tulips, the official drink of the
Kentucky Derby on sale on a special souvenir glass.
And then you can hack it on the way home to get money for a gas.
Located just a half mile from both on on on the 5th and the floor to turn pipe,
pompe of park is easy to get to.
And best of all, pompe of park gives you free admission,
free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing in the Polk Room open every Wednesday,
Friday, Saturday, like tonight, Polk Room goes on from New
Newton Midnight, Live Racing gets underway, 7.05 p.m.
like tonight.
Pompe of park is also open every single day, seven days a night
a week, featuring the best in the simulcasting harness,
thoroughbred highlight from all across North America,
free to watch and plunge your guts out.
Pompe of park, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road
for the current racing schedule, 9.5.4.972.2000,
or go on a web at pompe of park.com.
Don't forget, watch and plunge on the Derby this Saturday
at Pompe of park.
Support radio 560, QAM.
This is the grow and we're talking
Hobble on 560W QAM.
Call me homie right here at 567-H-O-O-F-O-F-6.
Call me homie, let's be talking to Steve and Miami.
Steve, you know what me?
Warren Camatti.
Well Crow, what do the marbles have to do to win the World Series this year?
Oh, that's an easy one, Steve.
They got to swing them back, hit them both,
hit some strikes.
Remember, the game of baseball is 50% hitting.
Who has almost half?
50% feeling, 50% pushing, and 20% managing.
But Crow, that's 175%.
What? Don't you be questioning me?
Would you be ignorant?
Be what?
Ignit.
Ignit, I said you'll be ignorant.
Well, no, I'm not ignorant.
Boy, I'm playing ball, fencing on baseball.
In a terrible country, it's men half my size.
Did you?
Well, actually I...
I played in...
I played in...
Are you gonna be out of the man?
Can I be out of the man?
Call me homie, I'm the Crow.
Out of gate G, gentlemen will be...
131 at 560, WQM, Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at 2, just for half an hour.
Because Mad Dog, like I said, he came in for half hour,
even the Crowian Artists isn't coming in before the baseball game, just for a lot of the half hour.
But Curtis is around, he's in a building, and he's got nothing else to do anyway.
And so he can polish up his delivery, right?
Right.
So here we got Marlon's on deck at 2.30.
Marlon's at the Rockies 305.
After last night's Barnburner, you got the big 6 to 10, we apologize in advance.
Any case follows that.
How'd you like to follow four hours of the big...
Wow.
Woof!
5.67, hope 5.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Line.
Line 9, hello.
Hi, it's Neil Rogers.
Yes, ma'am.
This is Laurie from Arizona, and I just love your show.
Thanks, Laurie.
Well, I have found a good one.
Star Jones.
Who is it?
Star Jones.
Star Jones is excellent, right?
Very good.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Freeze in Arizona.
Star Jones is a good choice.
Yes.
My set goes in the off position.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQA, hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hey, first of all, I said that BDQA and Girl, yesterday was just top notch.
He might like this one, or forever.
Did you think he was in that movie, Anaconda?
She was the Anaconda.
Yeah, oh.
She was the Anacusta.
Hey, listen, I got the one for your poor Jim Brown, the running back, not today.
Okay, thank you.
Maybe we'll have to move on.
Thanks a lot, pound 4.60.
Have a good morning.
All right, don't have to get tested, but don't get defensive.
He's got two votes already.
In fact, he's right in there with Bishop Curry.
Have you ever seen the two of them together?
No.
Same person, just awesome.
Wait.
Bishop, Bishop Curry, if there's maybe a make a list of about half a dozen people who are the real, real problem in South Florida.
Professional Oshan Prabhakaturam, and he's one of them.
I can't think of anything constructive that this man has ever said or done.
It's just always belly aching, always, always finding a racist under every rock.
I make your pardon?
If you had a gut like that, you'd be belly aching all the time too.
Oh, he got a big gut.
You've never seen him?
I thought Bishop Curry was like a skinny old guy.
Who might be thinking of different guys?
I must be confusing him with our old car wash guy, IOD.
Spencer?
Spencer.
He was a skinny old guy.
Well, that's what I'm talking about.
Aren't they the same guy?
Bishop Curry and Spencer?
If it's the person I'm thinking of, maybe somebody will clarify it.
I don't think so.
I think you got the wrong guy.
Bishop Curry is a big fat doctor.
No, that's Bishop Tutu you're thinking about.
No, no.
He worshiped him.
He worshiped him just whatever regular.
Well, I don't want to get into his personal assault.
Okay, just relax.
Okay, calm down.
You're a little whipped up about poor Bishop Curry.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, Bishop Curry is kind of skinny.
Yeah, I thought so.
Yeah, he is.
Johnny guy.
Just curious where I get to my nomination, which I think is kind of historically relevant.
Have you ever thought about if Eric even approached you if you would have done anything with him?
Not really.
I don't respect him to approach me, especially with an agent like I got a number two.
I don't want to do that kind of radio.
I just, I mean, if they're going to pay me a ton of money, sure.
Yeah, it's too bad because, you know, obviously the guys they got on are now just not professional.
No, but even that, what they want to do is just it's not going to sell.
It's like a death wish.
I mean, why would you want to like throw away all the years that I've invested for an outfit that's obviously failing already?
They've only been on three and a half weeks or four weeks, whatever it's been.
And they're already failing.
They're people are quitting and they got two markets off the deal.
And I just don't see it going anymore.
The checks are bouncing.
Have you ever worked for an organization like that before?
I guess not.
No, I have not.
I haven't worked for one way.
I was going to go to hell.
I work for one right now.
It's hard to get a hold of them.
Okay.
That's the only problem.
They clear if he can get a hold of it.
What are the odds that Randy gets back to West Palm before the end of the year?
I say pretty good.
Hey, listen, my nomination for a guy who was, you would, I think you would appreciate this.
Jim Brown.
Jim Brown.
The original militant.
You mean the one that's got two votes on the poll right now?
Oh, is it you already on there?
Don't feel bad.
I know.
Then I'll switch it over and I'll say I'll sharpen.
Oh, he's only got 47 votes.
In my last chance is John Thompson coached George down.
Okay, have you ever great day, pal?
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound.
Well, listen, I got one for another athlete.
Okay.
Before I Josh's time, Bill Russell.
Great, great Celtic superstar, Bill Russell.
I mean, he was just, I don't know.
He was a real, oh, and I got another one for you too.
Okay.
Yeah.
I can't think of his name though.
They called him the grape.
I don't want to say it.
It's bad.
Basketball player.
What was his name?
Tedis Rodman.
Not Dennis Rodman.
Wilt.
Oh, good God.
The facts is a matter of start coming in.
Okay, we're not going to sleep at all tonight.
How's that possible?
New York Knicks.
The grape.
Eight.
Greenbub Dualtobar.
No.
See, I'm sitting on a sports station.
Okay.
On a sports station.
I can go with a man.
You are.
Here we go.
I'm hurt.
Like recently?
Package you.
There you go.
Well, what do you mean like recently?
Like they're using it.
Well, you're talking Bill Russell.
And then you say the Knicks.
Well, there you go.
It was Patrick Ewing, of course.
Didn't Patrick Ewing play for the Knicks?
Yes, he did.
So what are we talking about here?
I don't even follow the NBA, Mr.
Different time to build.
No Bob Kuzi from Bob Pettit.
How do you like that?
That's what you know about basketball.
All you know is this crap we got now.
This slam a jam a crap.
Anyway, Patrick Ewing, put him on there.
And spell it right.
Wasn't he part of the Ewing family?
What was that show?
That was five, five, six, seven, oh five, six, ten.
I think he and J.R.
Used to be pretty tight.
Oh, I speak of the J.R.
Have you seen any of that?
You don't read the taboids.
What's his name?
Larry.
Played J.R.
Who?
Larry Hagman.
Larry Hagman.
He is talk about Hagrid.
He is like an averge.
In the inquire, they've had him dying for months now.
He just had a liver transplant not too long ago.
And now the liver just to spit out all the onions and bacon
and says, forget about this one.
Good new one.
That's his 12th liver.
And he turned it down.
He said, now I've just given up.
Somebody else better get the liver, all right?
I'm just throwing in the towel.
WQA and hello.
QA and?
Too late, you lose.
WQA and hello.
How about Mike Tyson?
Mike Tyson?
I'm not Mike Tyson.
I bet you if I looked down there, I'd find...
This is always my favorite part.
He's only got it as a vote.
So it's good to mention him again.
See, I guess it's my bad.
I should just keep reading this list over and over again today.
But otherwise it's no fun.
Because the audience, when people do that, like to go,
like that, say, why are they dumb?
Which of these people best fits the description of two black?
Louis Farrakhan 57.
Neon Dion Sanders 52.
Al Sharpen 47.
Jesse Jackson 42.
So the top four are all within like, and Spike Lee 39.
The top five.
They got a shot.
50 cent 20.
Johnny Cochran 15.
Mike Tyson's got a dozen.
I think I just said that.
Oh, Jay's got nine.
Michael Irving 8.
Our City Hall of Five.
Brian Cox 5.
Bobby Brown.
He's knocking her down.
He's got four.
Duncings got only three.
How's that possible?
Allen Keys 3.
How come...
Yeah, Allen Keys.
We didn't even discuss him.
Wow.
There is one subhating piece of theory.
Allen Keys.
Mr. Goody Tushu's right wing.
Oh, I'll tell you another one.
I don't know what his name is.
Is it...
Armistrand, are Williams or something like that?
Something like that.
You know the one I'm talking about.
The right wing black guy that's on the talking head shows all the time with the little goofy glasses.
How much did they be paying him?
Oh my God Almighty.
Let's see.
Allen Keys has got...what does he got?
Three.
Don King 3.
Will Smith 2.
Miriam Allfant 2.
Jim Brown 2.
Bishop Curry's got two.
He's a skinny guy.
Bill Cosby 1.
Chuck D's got one.
One more.
Cromarty.
The Crosgar 1.
Sammy Davis Jr.
And no votes yet.
None 0 for any Murphy.
Warren Samp,
Star Jones,
Bill Russell Patrick,
you can just win on 3.39.
So now we got less than,
let's see, it's 140.
Love and 30 tomorrow is what?
Like 22.
Less than 21 hours and 50 minutes away.
Now that we're counting.
That's right.
A lot of hysteria, a lot of psychosis going on because this is a...
Well, first of all,
it's the first book to come after all this stuff that's going on.
First book after Stern got taken off by Cheap Channel.
After Big 106 through in the towel.
And all this other stuff.
Plus, of course, Moe's got that bad January.
Absolutely.
You know, let's see if he can make the big comeback.
The Moe and Gildy show.
Or, of course, if not, well.
Especially with Stern being off here.
We might have to start putting our heads together and thinking something really good to put on the morning.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying, hey Moe.
Bye.
Absolutely.
Bye-bye.
And speaking of Moe,
when a hair replacement is bad,
man, everybody laughs at you.
When you got one of them animals crawling around on your head,
and people look and say, what a silly looking,
whoop that is.
You can always spot a bad hair piece.
But how many good ones go unnoticed?
Because Charles Hopper has been designing and supplying great looking hair systems to showbiz people.
And ordinary guys like you for more than 35 years.
He's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America that today shows CBS Morning News,
introducing his patent and hair system that offers you the most amazing natural hair line system in the universe.
Now, the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline.
In other words, it looks like it's going out of your scalp,
and it's okay if it looks like something is crawling around up there, ain't okay.
And Charles Hopper is new skin-like hair system is so great looking.
It is 100% undetectable.
And Charles gives you this guarantee.
He tries his hair system for 30 days.
But 30, man.
And after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting clawed at by men moving and everything that moves,
even animals, return it for a full refund.
And Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems,
including shampoo and trim.
So don't delay, call Charlie today,
and get yourself a great looking piece.
Look better and younger than you ever dreamed to could again.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413.
Forget that cue wall.
Look, forget the mollo.
Absolutely.
You want to look like that?
Make that call today 1-800-321-2413.
Or check them out on the web at CharlesLFearry.com.
See you on and low.
This is Sports Radio Fist.
You way, yeah.
Want a lollytop little boy?
Tonight, on A&E's.
Biography, Salute's Black History Month.
Hello, I'm Jack Perkins.
Join me for a look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the Black Cultural today.
And turn more like,
Mom's mainly,
Slapy White,
Eddie Anderson,
Roscoe Lee Brown,
Kelsey Brown,
Rodney Allen Rippy,
Eugene Robinson,
Tim Moore,
Blowfly,
Shirley Hampele,
Gopped Cotto,
Larson Stilton Jacobs,
Melbomore,
Melbato,
Lwanda Page,
Sambo,
Jackie Pat,
Fawina,
Buckweed,
Steppenfadget,
Irkall,
Ernestine Wade,
Godfrey Cambridge,
Whitman Mayo,
Butterfly McQueen,
Johnny Brown,
Pinkmate Markham,
Willie Tyler,
Dan Lester,
Paul This Month,
On A&E.
I'm starting to get pretty good at that.
You know that one finger deal?
Yeah, I'm good.
Oh, man.
Now, I think only you and I,
and Boca-Briner,
the only three people in the world
that know what he said in there,
Jackie,
Jackie Moe is what he said.
They got to know his Jackie Moe.
I didn't even know Jackie Moe was black.
I thought it was Jewish.
That's what your good friend, Jackie,
Lee, used to say,
all you got to know is Jackie Moe.
Oh, I see,
he had forgotten what was in there, didn't he?
No, I didn't forget.
I didn't either,
I didn't think of this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T,
all the bleeps,
all the time.
We're going to do one of these.
One of those,
you have a couple of these.
Because nobody can say
it's nothing no more.
The American public just sits back.
Oh, yeah.
Whatever you say, Massa.
Anything you say, Massa.
Very submissive,
just a cave and right on in.
Whatever they tell us.
See, in our case,
we want the money.
So I don't give a crap what they tell us.
If they want us just to play
four hours of that,
real easy.
They're going to end this loop.
No problem.
Just make sure they're checked.
Show up close to one time.
It would be nice for the accounting bitch.
WQM, hello.
Yeah.
Hi.
You missed JG Walker.
JG Walker.
We got him on it right now.
Because you said it.
Thank you.
JG Walker.
Yeah, he's annoying.
Very annoying and very.
That whole act of his very offensive.
In fact, you would note.
Not well, I don't know.
Going back to like Amos and Andy.
All those things.
I think that's the stereotypical black folks that are on it.
Like Esther Roll, what about her?
Did we put her on there?
No.
No.
Too black.
That whole show.
Good times.
I think that was bad times.
For the black folks.
Good times.
She's still dead, by the way.
Esther Roll.
How about you QA?
Am, hello.
Not me for your list today.
Yes, sir.
Chris Rock.
Oh, okay.
We'll put him on there with great reluctance.
He says Chris Rock.
We like Chris Rock a lot.
But he's.
How can see where he's coming from.
He's pretty black.
Yeah.
I mean, just literally, I mean, in every sense of the word.
He's.
When Chris Rock comes out, you don't have any doubts that here's a black comic.
You know, not just a guy that's funny.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
No.
I don't know.
Just put him on there.
I'm happy.
WQA, I'm hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
I got one for the poll.
All right.
Pop Daddy.
Pop Daddy is a magnificent choice.
In fact, he's making a comeback now.
He's pretending to be an actor.
Oh, man.
He blows.
He just makes me want to gag.
I'm so glad we got him on it before the show ended.
P. Diddy.
He sure put it on there.
P. Diddy.
Or he'll like come and bitch slap you.
Josh.
Party put puff.
Well, I'm sure that I'm sure Eric will straighten it out to protect your, you know, your future.
Wait here.
This story is speaking of that virus stalking the Vegas strip.
The Centers for Disease Control has been helping Las Vegas deal with an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness.
Too bad we can't play this other song.
I'm working play some of that.
Gastrointestinal illnesses, the bane of the cruise industry and of course anybody goes on a cruise.
They deserve whatever they get.
Josh, you ever go on a cruise?
No.
Don't.
George.
No, talk about those gambling cruises to nowhere for whatever they are.
Are they sour or something like that?
Yeah.
Don't.
Okay.
Gastrointestinal illnesses have struck the Las Vegas gambling district.
One casino hotel received 1,660 complaints of such illnesses between December and last week and outbreak that drove the attention of the Centers for Disease Control.
The California hotel and casino were getting and ever even heard of it.
Guests and gamblers became ill, was asked to sanitize, dice twice per eight hour shift and chips and coins at least once a week.
So David Tinelli spoke some form of Attaclark's County Health District.
These hotel systems are where you were two years ago, David Forney, chief of the Centers for Disease Controls.
Vessel sanitation program filled the annual meeting of cruise industry executives today at Port Everglades.
A lot of people are learning what you did two years ago.
CDC officials have been helping Vegas deal with the outbreak and local health department expects to have a meeting soon with casino hotel representatives to discuss public health concerns.
Over the past two years, cruise lines have reported to the CDC several thousand cases of gastrointestinal illnesses including the Norwag virus or Norow virus.
The rest of the board chips, followed from the outbreaks as well as from the war in Iraq put a considerable dent in the now recovering travel business.
Las Vegas health officials noted that not all of the 1660 complaints of gastrointestinal illness at the California hotel and casino were confirmed as Norow virus.
The outbreak at the hotel casino a block from the Vegas tripp reached a peak in March and appears to be on the Wayne, Tinelli said.
Well, that's a good news. It's waning in Vegas, which nobody cares because they're all going to stay inside anyway, which is what they want.
They don't want you to go outside.
They don't want you ever to leave. They want to get you in there like locked the doors from the inside from the outside.
Keep your locked ass locked in.
And that basically what they want.
Yes, right.
It's fun.
It's a lot of fun. I'm not going back, but it's from a, oh, gee, how can you say that?
Neal, you go try it now. Josh is going there.
Now this coming month, right?
Yeah, very soon.
He's going very soon to Vegas.
Gonna have a wonderful time loses ass.
And that'll be it.
But he'll come back all smiles here to your all.
It was great. And he's right. It's a lot of fun.
Lose I'd rather take somebody else's money and lose it.
Right. Don't get married, by the way.
Okay. So here's the thing.
I'm not going to get married. I'm not going to Vegas again.
And if I lose anybody's money, how about Craig Reed?
A couple of many would be good.
Small, but it's small change to him.
Look at that race. We got Lewis Farrakhan 61.
Dion Sanders 56.
Al Sharpton 48. Spike Lee 45.
Jesse Jackson 45.
We got a five-way race man.
Why?
Look all the way here.
Sports video 560.
See you at 8 p.m.
Back in the day when someone done a strong.
We didn't take their cry.
Infernal harbor or when the jobs drop their bonds.
We bummed them bad.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
Has that Saudi love and recharge?
Voice of bombers the wrong way.
And of embarrass to be in America,
where they follow wounds like cheese.
The United States of arrogance,
led by Bush and his family,
breathing of his country.
And the length of the darkest days,
and I used to be.
I don't want to be a packs of America.
In the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us too, Louis.
And anyone who says that, obviously,
enter forward to the end.
And of embarrass to be in America,
where we take triad of degrees.
We've a flag in wood-hast with our head in the sand,
and lightly follow the powers that we have ascetic.
And I thought, I thought, I thought,
I thought, I thought, I thought, I saw there.
Right then.
It sounds like a powerful song.
sing that kind of thing in wimp song emerge.
And Marlon, that stuff.
Oh, speaking of wrapping up the flag and stuff like that,
for many Iraqis it was the final insult.
Again and again they expressed outrage yesterday
that Iraq's US appointed unelected leaders
at overnight abolished the older Iraqi flag
seen by most Iraqis as the symbol of their nation
and chosen a new one.
A new and creative way to piss off the Iraqis.
Aren't we doing a hell of a job?
We're liberating it.
What gives these people the right to throw away our flag
to change the symbol of Iraq as salah,
a building contractor of normally moderate public
political opinions.
It makes me very angry because these people
were appointed by the Americans.
I will not regard the new flag as representing me,
but only traders and collaborators.
And as it taders and I do like the mashed taters.
Anyway, let's see, the poll is tight, man.
Get on a hop on that poll and vote today.
We got a really five-way race.
It's going.
It's going somewhere.
Tomorrow 11.30 in the morning, man.
Get your cheeks all puked up.
It's going to be a hell burner.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm going to show I'm crossing the QAF.
I'm going to be for March 8th.
I'm going to be for March 8th.
I'm going to be for March 8th.
Many remeres.
