The first in Florida with an HD radio digital digital signal.
We are sports radio.
Yeah, I can hear it.
Can you hear it?
What's all this happening there, man?
No, please.
No, not again.
Not again.
Please.
We're going.
This is an ABC News special report.
Mr. Romsfeld, of course you've seen the most recent photos and videos, but here's some
videos of your honeymoon.
Oh, my.
What kind of sick position is that?
Acts that can only be described as blatantly sadistic, cruel, and inhuman.
Are you wearing a leather pinata?
Those tough questions.
Is that a blow-up sheet?
You know, 5% of Americans have gotten injured using the blow-up sheet.
The facts are somewhat different than that.
You told me earlier that you liked to wear women's clothing.
I did not say that this has been a presentation of ABC News.
Oh, boy.
I can see this is going to be a real exciting day.
You hear the way this sounds?
You hear the way this sounds like crap, like K-R-A-P?
Started out a little bit.
Boy, this sounds like garbage, man.
I have no lines.
Things like that.
I'm listening.
Somebody's dittled around with that.
And you know what's interesting?
Muff was there.
Oh, well, I don't think I did that.
I just come in here.
Yeah.
Man, you talk about the blind leading to blind?
Brother.
They should pay me extra just not to come into this building, just to make sure I never come back here.
Oh, they like it.
Yeah, I don't.
I get so sour, just 5 minutes in here with either this much of clowns.
And then they have a nerve.
They have a ratings party.
You all see the sign on a wall out there.
They got to sign as big as your ass.
Fat boy.
Oh, there's another one.
Fat boy comes wildland here.
Another fat boy ambushed this morning.
You jackass.
You idiot.
You imbecile.
Hi, appali.
Yeah, get lost.
I hope your plane crash is underway to Buffalo.
The only three people I know from Buffalo are Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Who's the other one again on yesterday?
I don't know.
Oh, Tim Russert.
Oh, he's the Bopla.
He's the Kasty Irish Dillhead.
Oh, that explains it.
And of course, Woody Grayberg.
There's always got to be one good guy.
Well, like I said, what do they have in common?
Okay, let's get with it.
This is not going to work.
Do you hear the way this sounds?
Yeah, it was sounded fine and then they like gutted it.
Right there.
Yeah, everything was fine.
And then as soon as we come in here, somebody in the other room again,
diddled with the stuff in there.
And like, now we can't hear nothing.
And when we do what I do crank this up, it sounds like,
but let's do the show like this.
Let's do the show like this.
You idiot.
You imbeciles you.
You morons.
God.
This is a freaking radio station.
This is a joke.
And by the way, Joe Rose don't want Geldy on his show.
What?
I just thought I passed that along.
He didn't want any part of that.
Oh, yeah, the Greg Reed.
What did I say on Friday?
He won't stop tinkering and tinkering and tinkering.
Barry Jack asked right to that crap in the Herald on Friday.
Which you know where that had come from.
No, where?
Somebody, some mole somewhere.
Maybe he's in the reek as mole.
I'm just going to have to go through my eyebrows.
Right, it's like in the tick of the mole, okay?
Mole and Oma.
Ball had a geek mole.
When a crappy haircut in his births brother suit.
Anyway, oh yeah, well, uh, Steve Goldstein may be moving to what?
Yes, what?
Joe works fine, Lonnie.
Two great numbers in last book.
Quit messing with success.
If there are parts that are broken, fix those parts.
Don't keep messing with the parts that aren't broken.
Like this show that you practically destroyed a couple of years ago.
Stickin' us over there nine to one because he's got an old fart that can only work for three hours.
Which by the way, we bonded nicely this morning.
I feel sorry for him, I don't care what you say.
He's pathetic.
What do I do?
What do I do?
I'm undoing my best.
Are you?
Yeah.
Up to and including this morning.
He's sad.
He's pathetic.
Exactly, it's a sad, sad situation.
He can't help himself.
He would like to be liked, but he, like you said, he doesn't know how to do it, like your mother.
Right.
He would like for people to like him, he doesn't know how to make that happen.
I cannot sit here for four hours listening to this.
I'd rather just turn it down.
That's what your headphones on.
We got some stand for you.
Which is a big improvement.
Why?
We got some headphones, you can do that.
We don't need no headphones.
See what I said.
Back in the day.
Back in the day.
Back in the day when we actually could say hello and goodbye.
Which we can't do that no more.
Man, oh man, this is the biggest pile of crap I have ever heard in my life.
And you know what's going to happen every time I come back here.
Sure.
Oh, genial.
How can you not do more shows from that studio?
I should make them build a studio in my house.
Now that my dogs are both dead, I don't have to worry about barking dogs and all that crap.
I should just stay here.
There you go.
Roll out of bed in the morning.
Go into my computer room.
There up front and just sit down.
I have a nice studio.
And nobody's got a ditto with it.
That's why the Toronto thing works out so great.
Nobody's ditto with it.
And here everybody's got a key to this room.
Everybody never did the janitor, the kids on a weekend.
Oh, did we have ball games this weekend?
That's always muffs response.
That's why always her week needs sympathetic response.
Underline the pathetic part.
So do we have ball games as if somehow the fact that they have to use our studios.
Which we relied to seven years ago.
There was no supposed to be exclusively for this show.
And that's just the fact that we're muffed.
Where she's sitting right now.
A little mismuffet.
Where she's sitting in there on her.
We're eating her curds in a way.
And by the way, curds are got enough problems already.
Thanks to Sodom.
Yeah.
She's sitting in there.
That was supposed to be the production studio.
So it wouldn't have to keep coming in there.
Bastardizing our equipment all the time.
I mean, when I saw that was missing.
I had a, like, you have no idea what I had to do to get that back in there fast.
Almost got back on the plane.
Yeah.
No, I did not.
I just, I made sure that that thing was in there quick.
Because that's the staple of this show.
Long after Geltie is gone.
And if he don't stop belly, it can be very soon, by the way.
Jonah, why don't you want to show a goalie?
Okay.
Here on any party.
He's doing just great by himself.
He likes to get the beast off of there.
And then just maybe get Zach in there or something.
You know, Zach's already in there.
You don't need two big, fat Jewish guys from UM.
Right?
So, Steph, I got an idea.
It's Mo and Joe and the beast.
Mo, Joe and the beast.
You can make a whole stick out of there.
I think that's what it's going to be anyway.
Geltie is the odd man out.
The way I see it.
Maybe he can help.
Maybe, no.
You're out.
You're out, Geltie.
You're out.
You're only an impediment.
Anybody with a squeaky voice like that?
Who would want to hear you in a first place, you little twerp?
You should have seen him run out of here this morning.
I come in at a parking lot and he and Mo are out of there.
It's pretty funny for two guys that aren't supposed to be speaking to each other
practically in a lip lock.
They were sucking face man.
I couldn't believe it.
They were.
Right in the doorway.
Not necessarily each other's.
I think more they're old.
And anyway, I guess he thought there was going to be some kind of a conflict or something.
So, he just flew out of there.
Kind of looking over his shoulders he left.
And Mo and I had a good chat.
Like I said, he's tragic.
He is.
No.
But I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't want to say I don't hate him because that would be, I don't hate him.
I just feel bad for him.
Even though he's tried to screw everybody in the building and everybody hates him like poison.
But he just, I don't know.
He can't help it.
He can't help himself.
He's like a four-tops.
I can't help myself.
It's like sitting here listening to my sound.
I may lose my mind.
This is, I've never heard anything like this.
What we got?
Sounds like I'm in a freaking barrel.
Car bomb kills her back in Governing Council leader.
Oi!
Well, I asked the curves near the green zone and Baghdad.
You know the green zone?
That's for loading and unloading.
That's where they sell them green weenies.
The current president of the Iraqi Governing Council was among several people killed today.
And a suicide car bombing near Baghdad's green zone.
So evidently we got more problems along that road map to peace.
Who we going to give the keys to now?
The quartet.
According to a Iraqi Governing Council sources, council president Isadine Saleem was on his way to the green zone,
which houses coalition in quarters when he was killed.
But a bing.
You see the blast?
The big ones.
The blast killed four to six Iraqis.
US Brigadier General Mark Kimit said moon did eight.
By the way, five more soldiers, US soldiers dead over the weekend.
But CNN don't even have time to, certainly, and Nazi network don't have time to put it on the radar.
That even worth it.
No.
To report it.
Too many bigger fish to fry.
The explosion occurred about 9.45 AM Iraq time, about 560, 650, 6 feet west of coalition checkpoint number 12.
You know what that's like putting that in this story?
It's like when it was at plane crash at MIA.
What was that airline?
It was a Vany jet?
That was one of them.
No, that was the one that crashed in the average way.
It was the one that crashed there.
That was the one.
The one that was a cargo plane.
Remember?
Oh, I know what you're talking about, but I forget.
And Tony Cigaretteau comes on here and it was a runway number six E.
Who the hell knows what you're talking about?
You're simple and you silly goose.
Why is it that everybody who ever went to UM is such a simple thing?
Oh, that runway.
That's my favorite runway.
Oh, yeah.
We know exactly where you're talking about now to it.
That narrows it down for us.
So we have a few more bumps along the road map there.
That's what the court said or said.
Of course, that's a little bit to the west of there, but they got all kinds of problems.
Yeah.
And yesterday on Meet the Press, Roland Cole, and they tried to make him vanish right on your TV screen.
And Tim Russell had speaking to Buffalo boy.
He was pissed off and foaming at the mouth.
He said he's never seen anything like that.
He's over there somewhere in the middle east, pontificating and lecturing everybody
and admonishing them about what a bunch of losers they are.
In the meantime, he's one of the biggest sellouts in Liars in history.
Anybody remember me lie?
That's a good time to think about that.
But anyway, so he's almost there with the interview.
And I guess the assistant, the assistant there, the female assistant to Colin Powell.
She decided it was a time to go, especially with that really embarrassing question
about telling the you win about those weapons of health destruction, how embarrassing that wasn't.
Do you have any second thoughts on that now?
And just as Roland Cole is about to start answering the question,
we see the camera pans out, but we see our palm trees.
I thought we're in Florida again.
Yeah.
I thought Roland Cole is suddenly morphed into Florida.
Palm trees.
And he heard this conversation.
He said, oh, you're off now.
That's it.
And he said, no, we're not off.
I can hear Tim.
Tim and Tim Russell, it's got that pale, tasty look, even worse than usual on his face
like he had just seen a ghost.
And he's just like, I appreciate it.
If your people will put you back on camera, Secretary Powell, and Colin Powell saying,
give me back on it.
You like that.
And then he let up those and they got him right back on.
And he answered a question about how he apologized.
And it was based on falling information and how he never stole a freight train.
And goodbye to him.
And thank you so much.
And called Russet from his plane to apologize.
That's how I thought that embarrassed he was.
Because once again, these Nazis in there trying to manage the news.
Really sad.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM, you're technically in confidence station Magnum mistake
about it for the new millennium man.
But we are H-T-T-V-W-W-W-W-E-O.
We're H-D-W-W-Ready.
Watch your peas and keel.
Yeah.
Watch your Wii Wii.
Yeah.
Adjus.
The message is there are no knowns.
There are things we know that we know.
Run, run, run, scroll.
There are known unknowns.
That is to say, there are things that we now know.
We don't know.
But there are also unknown unknowns.
Run, run, run, scroll.
There are things we do not know.
We don't know.
And each year we discover a few more of those unknown unknowns.
Run, run, run, scroll.
I believe what I said yesterday.
Well, I don't know what I said.
But I know what I think.
Well, then there are known knowns.
You say I don't think so, although that's what I think.
Are you picking up a run spell all day today?
Good.
All right.
Now, just for your information, since you sit in here most of the time.
Yes.
When I'm elsewhere.
This, on often, don't work all the time either anymore.
No kidding.
Oh.
You know, you think that this is the long time I was here.
If we had any kind of engineering department that they would come in here like,
put a new ball binner, what happened is that the new Bozo engineer,
he jiggled a little bit in the ball too, and it went on.
So we just left it.
Right.
I mean, anybody with a brain would realize whatever probably on the way out.
It's needs to be replaced.
It cost about a quarter of a cent.
Even the beesleys aren't too cheap to buy.
Oh, well, you know, just stick it in there.
Okay, Mr. Engineer, Mr. Makefulieve Engineer.
This is fine air.
Somebody, thank you very much.
One of our chronic fractures, back to this fine air was the name of the airline,
which turned out to be not so fine.
Where.
Oh, we're following that song.
Oh, he's not so fine.
No, Moe.
Right.
That's what he did.
Yeah, that was the one that had to cargo too much cargo in the back or something.
Correct.
And that was on runway 6E Weston.
The one that sticks right between Tony's ass and Jennifer Belloppy's armpit.
That's the R1way.
Man.
Who cares, you know?
But then again, he's a silly guy perfect for a silly place.
This is a silly place.
Make no mistake about it.
No question.
Yeah.
In fact.
I hate this place.
Yeah.
Nothing works here.
The joke.
The medications on work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medications on work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
But we'll make a best weekend.
You think that by now, Clarence would have come running in here and said, oh, well, a mad dog ain't going to be on.
We got waiting for Bo Camper.
Maybe Kim will bring you a refund check on your car today.
Because he may be on, I think, mad dog will not be on.
What?
Okay.
Maybe.
No, he will not be on.
I've already been told that.
But who's going to be on it, too?
We are still working on it.
We're going to pencil somebody.
Maybe it'll make Kim a Bo Camper.
Like I said.
And if he shows up, he'll bring you that big cow from in front of the dealership.
And I'll bring you a check for $450.
All right.
They should have charged you with all.
If he was a real friend, he was like, okay, just a little slip it through there.
You know?
That's the way it should work in business.
In radio business.
Right.
That's right.
In monkey business, friendly business.
I mean, you know, if he was a real guy, but he's, you know, he's got to make a buckard.
No, he's a good guy.
Really.
It's Kim Bo Camper.
I don't know if he's going to be honored out because Clarence hasn't bothered coming and telling us anything about that.
Because he's too busy in there with his nose up a dust ass.
Anyway, the Humper in the studio.
No, he's a shoelace steak, too.
Well, nothing's perfect.
Returning from Baltimore and the preekness.
Now, even you must have seen the highlights of the preekness.
No.
Smarty Jones winning by 11 1 1 1 2 Lens just like secretariat in the Belmont man just pulled away from that field and demolished him, of course, unfortunately.
What's that other horse I picked for third with.
Kim DeSormo didn't make it.
Because it was a lie.
I forget what it was.
Who the hell cares?
I mean, what was it?
Medallion mistake.
It was something.
Anyway, he didn't make it.
Finish fifth.
But smarty Jones, man.
Winds and I think we got a triple crown.
One of those years.
This is the kind of story, a horse story that America needs during these difficult times.
And now for some strange reason, this thing won't print this crap out.
For some strange reason?
Yeah, just another technical problem.
I'm trying to print this damn thing up.
It works out of the flames on here.
No, no, it worked all morning.
Okay.
But now that we're on here, now it decided it didn't want to work.
That's because my financial guy decided to finally fax me something of the number.
Here is a post to Interranowia.
How is it possible if there's so many stupid people in one place?
No, he knows that I'm not here.
And he faxes me information to Interranowia and sends me an email about it.
Just so you have a copy there.
So you don't have to take a extra piece of paper on this line with you.
And speaking of financial people, George will be on tomorrow.
That's the good news.
Because I got to spend all day with Mitch Hersh tomorrow.
Settling our dispute, hoping to get some money back out of those grave robbers tomorrow.
So I have one of those mediation deals all day long.
You're going to chat about your stat.
No, I'm not going to chat.
I'm going to get some, I'm going to squeeze some money out of them.
Don't you grave robbers.
Oh, this stuff comes back so fast.
You won't believe it yet.
I still won't believe it.
Yeah.
It comes back so fast.
Just as tight.
They all got the same name.
Snake World Salesman.
That's what they all are.
As a matter of fact, look at that market today.
The market is not good, man.
Wow.
You know what they call it the standard and poor index, don't you?
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Take a look at that.
If it ever comes up again, Mark Kimett is.
Or respond.
Got to be put about.
That was down a hundred and eight point.
You mean after that horrible last week, it was supposed to come back up.
And then the stack is down 32.
There's your friend, Ted.
Oh my god.
Ted.
David.
On where?
Are you on another gambling channel?
You don't have to go on there.
All you have to do is go on the CNN.
Certainly not the network to see general Kimett.
Structure from 33 to 45 or gauge.
Yeah, right.
Okay, here's the poll from, and let me tell you something.
And then some of you people, your taste is really, really unacceptable.
The first one I was trying to think of, Brasserie Max.
Right.
That's the one that used to be Rick and Sud sponsor.
Yeah.
And it used to be very good.
I don't know if they're still in business even.
Somebody probably will tell us if I ever take a call.
Maybe this is a line one is telling us about Brasserie Max.
Q.A.M.
Yeah, good morning.
Good morning.
Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, how you doing?
Great.
Yeah, Neil.
I'm, I know, uh, listen, I just moved here from New York.
Oh, you don't want to be here.
What did you do that for?
Are you crazy?
Well, you know, it's telling I like Florida.
But anyway, I've been listening to you and this guy is so Henry, and this is really great radio.
Yeah.
So anyway, Neil, I heard you last week saying that, but all it's going on, uh, John Carrey should be up by 30 points.
Yeah.
And the fact is that he's not there.
It's really, you know what the problem is?
First of all, John Carrey is an awful candidate.
Yes.
He's a liar.
No, I would say he's a liar.
He's just an equivocator.
Okay.
I'll go back to New York, loser.
Go suck on Phil's toenails, okay?
Oh, look at that.
Yeah, but wait, yeah, but wait a second.
There's another one.
There's another one.
There's a guy he sucks, okay?
There's another one.
That's for them.
For them that have been, uh, vanished.
Yeah, but wait, yeah, but wait a second.
I'll go right on the air.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, wait a minute.
Okay.
There it is.
It should be back.
Okay.
There it is.
What a technical wizard I am.
Get lost, pal.
Go back to New York, you loser.
You idiot.
They probably chased his ass out of the safe.
Plus, he sounded like he's from New England.
He didn't sound like he's from New York.
Couldn't say his all of us.
No, he sounded like he had a New England.
Like I know one of those Boston losers.
Anyway, here's the poll from Friday.
What maybe some of these people know about the, uh, the, uh, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
Xiaxia.
That's the only one more.
This is the only mortgage you'll ever need.
1-866-395-L-E-N-D.
The Renequal Housing Lender,
Credit Restrictions Apply,
4.25 APR,
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
My, I am local.
We are Sports Video 560-CUA.
UAE!
The Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
The Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Rates Subject to Change Monthly.
Oh, now this prints out.
Now that I reabooted that printer there,
now it prints out a hundred times.
Good. Just in case you lost some of it.
Here's the poll from my Friday.
What is the best sit down restaurant in South Florida today?
It's still open.
Ruth Chris, which was my choice, look at that.
342 votes, which number one is pretty shocking.
Because did you think that we had 342 people in the audience
who could afford to eat a Ruth Chris?
No. Well, they did.
20% of all of over 17-embed vote said Ruth Chris.
Joe Stone Crab's 105.
He had the beast that likes Joe Stone Crab's.
The hell with him.
His taste. I mean, when you're dealing with a guy that's just a pig
that eats it a trough, I mean, how can you trust his taste?
I don't.
High life cafe. Well, Clarence had his taste as in his Tush the Beast.
High life cafe in 90.
The Cheesecake Factory 81.
So I've been only been able to have a lot of patient people out here.
We've got serve there sometime.
Apparently, yeah.
Wow.
The pizza loft has 65 votes.
They came in number five.
I mean, seriously, we love Jeff.
He runs a couple of spots on the show once they're in a great while.
Well, you're telling what I'm in town.
But 65 votes say the pizza loft is the best sit down restaurant in South Florida?
I mean, doesn't that strike you as being?
I don't even know what to say about it.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Christy's 51.
P.F. Chang's 50.
Anthony's runaway 84 and Houston's 48.
Don't let me forget about the.
Oh, yeah. Well, I don't know.
And also, here's the trip prefector.
Anthony's runaway 84.
Houston's and the big cheese.
He's 1048. The big cheese.
Oh, yeah, that joint.
It's a pizza joint on UM Campus.
Okay. At 48 votes, that's the best sit down restaurant.
See, this is what I'm telling you, man.
This is a phantom place.
A bunch of pizza joints.
How can it be the best restaurant in town?
Blue Moon Fish Company 47.
Smokey's, Smokey Bones Barbecue 42.
The forge.
I didn't even know you guys sneak that on there.
I had no idea.
35.
A bunch of plastic class holes.
Foxes sharing in 34.
La Ville Maison.
Had 30.
How come that's...
There it is.
The Rascal House 29.
So we got 29 old Jews who like being treated like barbarians out there.
The Palm 26.
The Rustic in 206.
Capital Grill 23.
Armadillo Cafe 22.
Should have been much higher.
New York Prime 21.
Canyon 20.
Marks Las Olas 19.
Crabby Jacks 19.
The Sage Cafe 18.
Cassidy Angelo 17.
Cafe Texmech 16.
Edward Ardesan on Hell 15.
That's where I feel like I'm in.
The last part.
L'Abroche 15.
Cafe Abrachi 14.
Abrachi?
Uh.
China Grill, let me tell you about the Amsterdam.
There's a La Carreta.
Right the end of it.
Grand Crasnipolsky Hotel.
There's a La Carreta.
It sucks.
What?
I'm not going to argue that.
Well, I'm just telling you, it's grotesque.
You wouldn't sense it at Krusty.
They're even now.
How...right.
How know?
They tell.
And we're not talking about the meat either.
They're not La Carreta's.
What about here?
Are you probably never right there?
No, I have a long time ago.
There are no Las Vegas.
Las Vegas Cuban restaurants here in Broward County are the best.
They're great.
They're in the airport.
I don't know what it's mediocre.
They must know that some of Mayor of...
Mayor Pakenius' assistance.
They got in the airport.
They must experience some of these somewhere.
China Grill 14.
La Veranda 13.
Norman's 13.
I have no idea what that is.
I remember Norman's market.
That's the open.
Norman's produce down in Kindle.
It's a good place.
Never heard of it.
Norman Brothers' produce?
Before my time.
No, they're still around.
Are they?
Cyan Quizine 13.
Azul 13.
Cafe Monteranos, which I'm sure is Miss Spill and Scotty's Landing in Il Molino's 13 and Mumbo Jombo 13.
Il Molino's, let me say it again.
What's wrong with you people in plantation?
Is your taste in your toaster?
What? That was a great place.
That was excellent.
You know what it was?
Sure, I hate there was.
It's like by what else?
By the fountain shops just a little south of there.
Right by Broward Boulevard in Peter's Road.
I mean, University in Peter's Road.
It was excellent.
Fine place.
And the other one, the one they're talking about here is the one that's still open for Lauderdale by the Gateway Theater there on Sunrise.
But the other one in plantation was probably a little bit too good.
I don't know. We sure got a lot of fast food joints out there.
We got a lot of schlock, a lot of crap.
That's where the taste is in this town.
Crap. We got to make Donald's in every other street corner.
We got to win these.
We got a Arby's.
Oh man.
Anyway, Blackwork in 12.
Texas Day, but I say 11.
Jimmy's and Alexander's 10.
It finally dawned on me. You know what Jimmy's is?
I give up.
There used to be a sponsor mine 100 years ago.
Jimmy's and Latas would like the same family.
And then they went their own way.
Latas and Jimmy's.
It's like a sit down like a diner kind of a place.
Okay.
Now how can a place like that be the best sit down restaurant in town?
Good food.
Alexander's 10.
Giannis 9.
Blu-Dor 9.
Sushi Blues and Blumon Cafe 8.
Barton G. Arturo's and Fulvio's each had seven.
Where do they tell us Fulvio's moved to?
I forgot.
Because he used to be on TV Road extension by Armando Cafe.
It's a very good place.
Villa Rosa 5.
When at the Erzatz Stin Tatian Pizza.
It's supposed to be. It's not crap.
Very in village 5.
Cafe night. That's my opinion.
Okay. A lot of people like Villa Rosa and I went there one time.
Long time ago. Remember they recommended that?
Oh, they got that same like in Italy.
The same real thin pizza.
It was as dry as sawdust.
Cafe 19 or 9.
Michael's Kitchen 3.
Gary Wu's Beastro 2.
What about Arnie Wu Wu Ginsburg's?
How he would prime one and Metro Kitchen in Bar had one.
Out of all of those votes.
I don't think they like to pull to begin with.
I thought it's a good pull.
It's good pull.
I killed a day.
Maybe some people got some good suggestions there.
And went then.
Had some good shower the weekend.
Had some of those great places like the big cheese.
Or maybe some of this crowd went to Chuckie Cheese.
That sounds like right up there, Ali.
Let's all go for lunch to Chuckie Cheese.
Oh, right. Yeah.
They got beer. By the way, did anybody come in and tell us who's doing 2 to 4 today?
Or are we still working on it?
No.
Idiots.
Boy, don't hand them a heavy assignment, man.
That's what Clarence told me.
Don't have anything heavy. That's why he sticks with the beast.
He's heavy.
19 before the hour.
Look at this.
The fifth most popular restaurant in Allisauk.
Florida, Pizza Loft is back because I'm in town briefly.
What?
I don't know what you're laughing about.
And don't let him in here anymore either.
He's never coming in here again.
The one and only Pizza Loft.
No BS coupons like the other joints because Pizza Loft every Thursday.
Or was a special where you'll buy any entree.
And the second one is only half price.
That's every Thursday.
Every Tuesday, the other tomorrow, you buy one and plant dinner.
It's the second one's only five bucks.
Again, you don't need any special coupons.
No sign of dance.
And every Monday like today, you buy one lasagna dinner.
And the second one's only five bucks.
And guess what?
You got to guess it again.
No coupons necessary.
He says, hold the coupon and the coupon.
And of course, the formula for success at the Pizza Loft is it's consistently delicious.
There was give you a gigantic portions.
Everything is cooked fresh.
It's the only restaurant in the country with no microwave.
Do you believe that?
That's what it says here.
That must be true.
Does that mean in the county or in the country no microwave.
Everything is either baked or sauteed.
I think that's alive.
But anyway, what?
The only restaurant in the country with no microwave?
Maybe it means county.
It says country right here and Skippy, he don't make mistakes.
And of course, it's almost 200 seats at the lot.
So you don't have to wait on the weekends Friday or Saturday.
Stand on those long lines like most Broward joints.
They deliver the same full menu right to your door from west to flamenco and north to sunrise.
South to Pines Boulevard, east to 441.
And of course, what would be nice in this copy, which I already know it, would be the location that they're in.
They give you an idea.
They're on university drive between Griffith and 595 and a pizza one at Pizza Loft Plaza.
And they peer one Plaza. Right behind peer one imports.
Whatever. Well, I noticed the other one in the plantations got another name now.
And there ain't nobody in it.
Private rooms available catering for home or office is a little less $5 per person.
It's still great. It's still fantastic.
Obviously, beloved by all out there, they like to yank on Jeff's ponytail.
Call 9-5-4-916-8884.
Take out our delivery for the world famous Pizza Loft in Davies.
My life and look all this is 420-560.
Way to way.
Yeah!
It's the hot new game that's sweeping the country.
G-Hot Jenga. It's the Iraqi stacking game that lets you pile up the points by piling up the prisoners.
And it's really fun because they're making it.
Just slide out a Shiite from the bottom and toss him on top.
Careful. If you pull on the wrong part, you'll be sorry. And so will he.
The last one to stack at Iraqi without making the Bush administration collapse is the winner.
G-Hot Jenga, a built in badly game.
And if you like G-Hot Jenga, try to create Twister, the game that ties Iraqis up and knots.
I'm listening.
At 46-560, well congratulations to you, Mom. What do you got?
Nothing for you.
Oh, you just stay here and grab something again.
Right, grab this.
Anyway, here's our poll question today. What movie had the greatest impact on you?
Now you want to know why I'm asking that?
Why are you asking that?
Well, I'll tell you in a minute. Before we do that, the Michael Moore movie is coming out.
And I had a story out in here somewhere about, I guess I won't fight it in the middle of my pile.
Fair and height 9-11.
Where the hell is it? It's in here somewhere. It's in my pile. Make no mistake about it. Anyway.
And at that end inspired me to ask this question.
I think we've done it before, right? This? Or maybe not?
Not like this, no. Well, there you go. Not like this.
Maybe we did it like very early, fairly close, but not like this.
What movie had the greatest impact on you? I started with three.
Okay.
Now what several movies had the greatest impact on you?
How many can I name?
How many movies can you name?
Oh, I know a good one.
And here's another one.
And this one is pretty good too.
Now give us a list of every movie that was ever made and maybe we might be humor, you can put it on there.
I still can't find that damn thing.
About the Fair and height 9-11 and Michael Moore's story. It's in here somewhere. It's in my gigantic pile.
Anyway, I put on Volving for Columbine, Network, and Godfather.
Now I'm going to put on Godfather because obviously it's the whole saga.
Right. Got it. We got it.
I don't want to start with this one. Well, what about the Godfather 2?
What about Godfather 3?
Had a big impact on Eli Wallach, unfortunately much too, uh, return to later the movie.
Yeah. And Mary.
Dead.
Shoulder again, okay, just to make sure that bitch boy, I hate her.
Sophia Coppola.
She couldn't act away to have a paper sack. In fact, the paper sack should be on top of her head.
And that movie really blew by the way.
No, it did not. No, the rules of Lawson translation that she supposedly called when all these were.
All the ones she were raving about? No, well, that's because they feel sorry for her.
She's got that enormous honker, okay?
That was, and they feel sorry.
That it could have been fun.
She's got her name and a vowel, see?
Sophia's got the proper vowel movement.
So if she was bad in Godfather 3, she must be great in Lawson translation.
Or just like Lawson's space, which is where she ought to be.
She can't act. She can't sing. She can't dance.
She's grotesque looking. Other than that, she's dynamite.
As far as the dynamite's concerned, honey.
Anyway, Bridget Nielsen, the no relation to Leslie Nielsen, that we know of.
No, and he's Canadian. She's Danish.
Okay, she's Danish. She's Danish.
She was born July 1563, so she's like 40, almost 41, in a row of Denmark.
Never been in Denmark? No.
I just came back from Copenhagen.
And anybody who says Copenhagen, like Bill, what's his name?
The morning there runs, Bill Hummer on CNN.
Get with it, okay? Only Glyam say that. Copenhagen.
It's Copenhagen.
You simple then. He's on the, all around the world doing the news.
You don't even know how to pronounce Copenhagen.
Bill Hummer. Who the hell is she, kiddin'?
Anyway, Bridget Nielsen, she's on there.
She's an actress, model, presenter, singer.
All of these things. Sometimes credit is as, get Stellone Nielsen.
Or get Glym Nielsen. Something like that.
Todd's ball. This is some of her 8,000 movies she was in.
A 200 dog story. Doomsdayer.
Hostel environment, like this place.
That's perfect move over this place. Hostel environment.
She's too tall. Pop it out. See, and by the way, let me say it again.
Geldy, Joe Rose, don't watch on your show, okay? Just in case you missed it earlier.
How many do an hour on that?
No, Joe did, had two big hours in there.
He had a 5, 3, and 8 o'clock hour.
Another 5, 3, and 9 o'clock hour. That's a big number in there in the morning.
And can only go higher because two thirds of that book, you know, who was on the air?
The real Howard, not the one we got.
Not the make-believe Howard.
Stellone was on there.
And I don't need to see him anymore on CNN.
I'm the Nazi news network. Did you see that thing?
No. It's the show that 400 times a weekend between him and Al Aynas Morisette
with her phony pasties and all that crap.
Although I saw pictures of Paul and Ron on Channel 10 this morning.
Oh God, and you still showed up for work? Holy cow, he must be desperate.
I'm a trooper. Wow.
I saw those pictures. I'd be a prooper, not a trooper. I'll tell you that right now.
You know that, man. You'll run.
Compelling evidence, paparazzi, Fanta Guido 5, whatever the hell that is, a TV movie,
Snowboard Academy, Galaxis, a code named Silencer, Cheney, she was in a few.
Moonlight by Domino, Vi-by-Baby, Beverly Hills Cop 2, Colbert, Rocky 4, etc.
And you know, it's a memory.
I had to be a curtain to you.
You knew that right?
What? They were married.
Mrs. Silvester Stallone for a while.
Her? Yeah, that's the first play that day.
Oh, how pathetic.
Absolutely.
And in his case, we don't have to conjecture about what it was, what the attraction was,
because everybody's already seen that movie.
Okay? I mean, it was cool.
It should have been in butterflies or free.
Or butterflies are me, something like that for Slice Stallone, man.
He's just tragic.
Can he act? No.
Does he look good? No.
Is he, uh, well in doubt? No. No.
Tragic. He ain't got nothing going for me, so I'm not familiar.
And don't be talking bad about him, because Mama lives down here.
Absolutely.
Yeah, Mama lives down here.
What the hell's her name? Jackie.
Jackie's still on. Another one.
Another great talent.
Crackpot.
Ah!
Careful now.
Oh, I was just talking about drugs.
I wanted to get out of here anyway early.
Jesus Christ.
Just come, tone it down a couple of notches, or muffin clerks are both going to come running in here and drag you out with a hook.
That's after they tell us who's going to be on between two and four.
In fact, when a guy comes with a needle at 1130, don't let him go.
I got some, no, I, I got some other suggestions where he can take that needle.
Back down.
Yeah, right into Mucks' orifice.
It would be a good place to start.
And then he can finish off with clearance.
Boy, oh boy, what a place.
I think I finally got this suggestion now that I got these almost all the way off.
Yeah.
You're right. When we started it was fine, and somebody did all the stuff in there again, and it's twisting.
It's that Robert Greeper.
He's got to have naked pictures of everybody in his building.
Because what I see him?
Because he is totally inept. He's, he's nothing but trouble.
He does, he goes out of his way to make everything technically a joke.
He was sitting in there, I do or was he off the day that no, he was in there when Pharrell was on here.
A lot.
Right? Sure.
So how come he's still here?
Those pictures you were talking about.
That must be it.
How come he didn't get his aspired?
That was beautiful, for real.
Yeah.
Robert Greeper, man.
This is one of those people must have the goods on Greg Read.
I'll tell you that.
Of course everybody's got the goods.
You know, screw in the water, not see.
They all got the goods.
Even Gary Sarner, that's why he's still here.
It sure can't be because of the job he's doing in the sales department.
Priest confesses the sex abuse.
A former Catholic priest extra-dited from Britain to New Zealand to face charges of sexly abusing teenage boys.
Admitted his crimes in a court near Wellington today.
Not Wellington, Florida, but over there, down there.
Alan, oh, I can't say this.
Careful.
Alan Woodcock, 56.
Formerly of upper hut.
Admitted to indecently assaulting boys in the lower north island towns of Silverstream and Palmerston North between 82 and 85.
While working as a teacher.
Hey, teach.
Hey, Mr. Woodcock.
Police said he had lived in England since the late-
That's his name, okay?
That's his damn name.
He's one of those down under people.
A lot.
Police said he had lived in England since the late-
80s before high court ordered him to return to New Zealand for trial.
The head of the teaching order, Father Dennis O'Hagan.
He's probably kin to Tom Hagan.
Set outside the court that the church authorities knew Woodcock had a conviction for committing sexual indecencies within a belt male before his place in a teaching position.
Oh, I wonder what position that was.
He was placed in a teaching position.
It was a very bad mistake, but expert advice was that he wouldn't be a threat to people, O'Hagan said.
He also apologized to the boys with foul complaints with church authorities at the time that had been ignored.
The judge ordered that Woodcock be kept in jail till he sentenced on June 25.
Yeah.
Those silly people don't under man.
Oh, and a good story, an important story that we had on our website, which nobody's going to believe.
But it's from Probda.
Probda, you know, means truth in Russian, don't you?
Da.
It says Peter have lasza rights.
Could Nicholas Bergzecki's execution be fake?
Are you seeing it?
Did you watch it?
No, I didn't see it.
Oh, we have it.
We have it.
We have it.
We haven't watched it.
I've talked to people who watch it and they say it's not very compelling.
There's just a lot of holes in the story.
Anyway, I think what we'll do is do the breaking, then I'll read this one when we come back, because I don't want to have to do one of those rush jobs.
Plus, we want to get thousands of great calls on here today like this one online.
Six up, which is great.
Q.A.M.
Shocking, stupid.
What did I tell you?
Line.
Three-end.
This is 435-60.
This is a mental way.
Two-end.
It matters, hell.
What are you looking at?
It's an attack that they brought.
Oh!
It's new and it's at Burger King.
Godfather Trilogy Action Figures.
They're fun for the whole family.
Collect all 10 mob action figures with each proper fries and superlars drink.
And that's a superlars drink.
No exceptions.
Get sunny in his favorite garbage can so you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister.
Or get the bullet-bottled body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth.
Wow, is it that great?
And press all your friends with the Don himself.
I'll make him an offer. He can't refuse.
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather Action Figures.
Remember, it's only business and it's at Burger King.
If it's at Burger King, one thing to keep in mind, don't eat it.
Here's a couple for the full Star Wars.
Now are you putting these on or what?
Yes, as best I can.
What do you mean by that?
What else are you doing?
We're talking to China and the Macau.
And this computer thing is what it's all about.
Oh!
Oh, you mean to have a bunch of that new computer that they lie through their teeth and bonds?
So that they're bringing replacing all these computers and putting brand new computers in there?
And they're just going to sit around and wait and see if I'm going to buy a new one for in there where she answers is.
No.
No, I spend enough of my money already on equipment that the beesle should have bought and paid for.
The exorcist, get that on there right away, okay?
Yeah, that should have come to my mind. Why the hell didn't it?
That had one hell of an effect.
Body!
You're helping all the boy.
I'm a Catholic.
That's a power of Christ who tells you!
The power of Christ who tells you!
The power of Christ who tells you!
Okay, calm down.
Father Mary, and he was okay in my book.
And we're Father Mary, and with the briefcase.
Sure.
I like when he was standing on that mountain top over there in the desert.
How can there be a mountain top in the desert?
But he was standing on a mountain top.
Yeah.
And there was that evil demon on the other side that evil spirit, bazoozo.
How big of a pardon?
Bless you.
Thank you.
Star Wars. You got that star Wars.
Of course, there's a couple of more.
We'll get a whole bunch of money here, but we're taking our time.
Okay, we got bigger fish to fry than a bunch of stupid movie titles today.
Fried fish.
Bigger fish to fry.
We got that guy coming and take my blood test.
And then all day tomorrow I'm going to be just, oh, brother.
I want my money back.
You know, I want to refund.
Oh, this stuff comes back so fast.
Yeah. Right.
Snake oil salesman, okay?
AKA stock brokers.
Same difference.
You all belong in jail.
Behind bars.
You too, Ted David.
How many first names you got?
Peter have lost and probed this as given the incomprehensible jumble of information.
The very first question when viewing this video of an American civilian
and Bergs' execution should be, whether it is even true.
There appear to be a few problems with it casting doubt on its authenticity.
If these questions aren't answered, one should be wary of the entire matter
and be advised not to give into the patriotic blindness brought on
by the emotional charge in this video packs.
Follow this room.
Consider these inconsistencies with the video before making up your mind.
Number one.
The CIA claims its exam in the video and concluded that the Hooded Figure is Zarkawi,
a high level al-Qaeda operative.
However, anyone who has seen the video will attest to the fact that there's no way to identify anyone from it, including the victim.
Second, according to a US military report April 3rd, Zarkawi was killed in the bombing of Fallujah.
The CIA does not elaborate whether Zarkawi is magically sprung back to life, whether the April report was wrong.
Kind of like a chemical alim.
Remember we killed him a whole bunch of times.
Right.
Two.
The US media claim that Zarkawi lost the leg in 2001.
Now it says that he did not lose his leg after all.
This flip-flop seems too coincidental as the purported figure in the video doesn't appear handicapped.
The US doesn't elaborate on which intelligence is wrong.
Three.
The US media says the audio that Enberg was executed in retaliation to the US prison abuse.
The reaction to the media was far too quick and moved straight to using it to make a comparison between prison humiliation and beastly killing,
saying that the shocked public, look, we only humiliated them and the prison looked what these animals do to us.
It was quick to point out that what the terrorists do to Americans is far worse than what the US is doing to Iraqis.
As if we didn't already know about 9-11.
Oh, there are a bunch of barbarians. Oh, no, Schmidt.
There are several problems with this. First, there have been numerous reported deaths in the US prisons caught by severe beatings,
so comparing humiliation to death is the wrong comparison. Second, the tortures and abuses have gone on for over a year.
If Al Qaeda were the business of avenging prison abuse, it would have already done it probably on several occasions.
Otherwise, it means that Al Qaeda gets their information from CNN or that it just happened to be a coincidence matching Abu-Grey prison pictures with this video.
It's very unlikely that Al Qaeda would and could engage in the synchronized US media play, the timing of the video release and media attempts to whip up an anti-Islamic frenzy,
suggests a media ruse time perfectly to deflect the mounting outrage and condemnation of the US military. Four.
The voice on the video says that an offer was made to the US military to exchange in Berg for some of the prisoners in Abu-Grey.
The US is not common on this five.
The Bergs claim their son was detained by the US and are blaming their son's death on the US military,
but the US says that in Berg was never detained instead was offered a free plane ride from Iraq.
It does however seem that in order to offer a plane ticket, the US military must have had some dealing with in Berg.
In any case, he disappeared when a US custody.
Yeah, how if they never had him in custody, how could they have offered him a free trip? Shut up!
How could they have made him an offer he couldn't refuse? Yeah. And. Six.
The victim in the video is wearing an orange prison jumpsuit to kind scene in pictures of Guad-Tanamo inmates.
It's hard to believe that al-Qaeda terrorists would be supplying their victims a regulation outfit.
None of the recently kidnapped hostages in Iraq, Japanese and Italian were any uniform outfits whatsoever. Seven.
A human head contains one and a half gallons of blood, yet the firstly decapitated head shown in the video is leaking none.
Next- artery was scored a footlong guise of blood, there is no evidence of that either.
Only one answer lends itself here, the video was doctored.
Either a person was clipped out or the beheading never took place as shown, with the possibility of the victim being already dead.
Eight. The victim never resisted the killing, even when on the ground only one person suffice to completely subdue in Berg.
The article aims at proving or alleging nothing, the point is to provoke doubt, and hopefully stave off a few readers from becoming an easy emotional target and a news puppet.
It says.
And as somebody faxed me an article from Prison Planet from InfoWords.com, which is fine about the same topic, the only problem being that the half of it is chopped off, including in some very important parts.
It says remember two years ago the fact bin Laden in the blurry video telling us that the carried out 9-11, the word is missing, it's the fact bin Laden.
The government later admitted it was a fake but wouldn't say created it.
Lots of lies, lots of fake read, do not believe your government, do not believe your general manager, do not believe your sales department, that's for damn sure.
Okay, whatever you do if you work in this business or no anybody who's ever been in this business, do not believe your sales department because they're all full of crap.
Believe me.
Hi, a puppy.
Yeah, go to Buffalo, okay, get out of my face.
You make me nauseous, nobody doing any more ambushes in here, either you idiot.
Fat boy.
Brother.
Who is it that said another ambush?
Who said that this morning when he came in here with the client me?
You said that?
Yeah, who'd you say that to?
You?
Nobody said to somebody else, the clearance?
Possibly.
Yeah, it was clearance.
Clarence by the way, who's still our program director, hasn't bothered telling us who's going to be on between 2 and 4.
This entire QM audience, I mean, anticipating that big must win game for the heat against Indianapolis, Indiana, whatever he'll her name is.
And the Amarlins winning that game yesterday, it's finally salvaging him in that same Lewis series.
All of these things going on, not to mention touchy-feely the quarterback, and they're anticipating somebody's going to be on a 2-to-fillum ad dog shoes, which is no easy test.
They'd like to know who it's going to be so they can adjust themselves psychologically, you know?
Right?
Maybe it's embarrassing.
Oh, you mean the big, oh, it's going to be on?
Or maybe even worse, that would be embarrassing.
I mean, Kimba Bo-Kampere and all I grade on here, but he's not embarrassing.
You don't say somebody that big is embarrassing.
No.
He don't.
He'll come burrowed in here, he just not say the third grade.
Right through that freaking wall.
By the way, the bill had another O on it, it's 4,500 and extra on it.
Oh, FCC upholds indecency fines against KNDD.
Seattle FMR gets $12,000 penalty for Savage Talk.
That's not Michael Savage, unfortunately.
The commission is not an appeal from Intercom that has the FCC to rescind a $12,000 fine handed
to alternative radio KNDD 107.7 the end.
The end.
Back them.
In Seattle.
Who's going to be on between two and four, you blockhead?
Curtis.
Oh, that's okay, Curtis is good, he's your better than Bo.
I'm sorry.
Well, he's better on here than Bo, you didn't admit that.
Well, you know, listen to this board show.
I wouldn't look.
Curtis sounds like, you know, a little more articulate.
Anyway, for the earring of material deemed indecent during morning drive, and particularly
the commission penalized the end for two separate 2001 broadcast of the Andy Savage show, which
no longer airs on the station.
On each of the day's side, it's Savage and his morning show team discussed whether and
how a penis could be used or to lift or pull objects.
The discussion led Savage pictured and, boy, what a porker.
What do he looks like?
Oh, vintage tampon, not Seattle.
It led Savage to award concert tickets to listeners who agreed to appear in studio to
pull objects with their penises.
Intercom unsuccessfully argued that the on-air material did not meet the FCC's decency definition
and that the definition itself was unconstitutional.
Savage departed KNDD in late September 2003.
It's been doing mornings at infinities, cross-down classical alternative, KRQI since April
1, no fooling.
Oh, the needle guys here, good.
The needle, please, Watson.
So the guy's going to come in here and take a couple of gallons of blood, so I'll place
them really long bit.
Like maybe the...
I have no life.
The pull song by Dennis Laugh.
I guess not.
Ha, ha.
That'll teach that clearance of thing or two when we play the pull song by Dennis Liri
over and over again.
Okay, we'll get to the pull now.
Just relax.
What movie had the greatest impact on you ever?
56 votes, the Godfather 24, bowling for Columbine 20, Network 6, Star Wars 5, the Exorcist
1.
Well, thank goodness we got a nice lady coming here to take my blood because I can tell
right off the sheet, I got a vote for Bush.
Sharon, no way.
Sharon's not voting for Bush, no way.
See, she's laughing, but she knows she's voting for Carrie because she said Bush is scary.
That's what I heard her say.
Trust me.
Anyway, so we're going to...
In fact, this is going to be just like that execution video, right?
Just like it.
Right.
I'll just...
Don't mess with my veins now, Sharon.
Believe me, I've got very tender veins.
Do a real life.
No, I've done this a million times and now one of those real...
Oh, gee, I'm not a queasy at all.
Mother, no.
Not me.
Why are you?
No.
Are you kidding me?
I mean, I've been pricked more times than a pincoach.
I'm married.
I see.
Well, in that case.
11 past 11 at 560 W.M.U.M.
You know, Vroom is where it's at.
It's not just your ordinary TV.
It's high-definition TV delivered by a satellite dish and HD receiver.
The picture is so superior to regular TV, you won't believe it.
The quality is like comparing the latest DVD to a scratchy old early kinescope.
Vroom is the only entertainment system designed for high-definition TV.
It's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the
ultimate HD TV experience, including the satellite dish, HD receiver and the remote
as well, of course.
And Vroom has got over 30 channels of HD programming.
You can watch ESPN and high-definition.
That's three times more than you get from cable.
And they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO, MTV, even those local
local channels too.
Vroom has got over 120 channels of great entertainment waiting for you.
Vroom even has exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you can't even
get from your satellite or cable.
So with Vroom, you get everything you have now.
Plus all these awesome new high-definition channels too.
So make your set worthwhile.
Call Vroom today at 1-866-848-866 or visit them on the way up for a limited time offer at
Vroom.com.
Free installation, no upfront cost, no long-term commitment as part of this great deal.
Call them today and start Vrooming right away because the offer ends May 31.
Call 1-866-848-866 or on the way up at Vroom.com.
Find a local Vroom.com.
This is Vroom.
The radio's all yours now.
Thank you, Ian.
If this ever ends out, we should just take them out who's saying,
go to back downtown, low to the ground who's saying,
each is slice full of flies, hope he dies, who's saying.
If we had a boat, your mother looks like goat who's saying,
he's just slice full of flies, hope he dies, who's saying,
he's insane.
We know that we have one who's saying,
because we have the night to destroy Iraq who's saying,
he just likes guys here he finds who's saying,
don't you try and deny say bye bye, who's saying,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, 1118 at 560WQM.
I've just had two gallons of blood taken on.
I feel like it's great.
A little lightheaded.
No.
That was the best job I ever had.
I mean, didn't feel anything was fantastic.
If you only problem me now that I'm bleeding like a stuck pig.
Which I never knew.
Maybe it's my plavix.
You think so?
I think it's your diabetes.
be my diabetes and my plan vixen my whatever else whatever could be that's
okay yeah one more band it would be great great job sure and thank you okay
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless
line 81 votes so far what movie why movie had the greatest impact on you see
I don't mind the needle but when they pull off that band aid earlier moly man
that just kills me you're supposed to shave it yeah and you're up for that but I
can't say no more okay let's stop lean and the arm to 81 votes so far well we
only got five of things on here because I'm busy getting my blood drawn okay
to see if I'm still alive
excellent beautiful okay godfather's got 32 bowling for column mind 28 network
10 star wars eight and the exorcist has got three okay I think we're
probably have a whole bunch by the time we get done with this vs go today
now who we got we got Curtis Stevenson two to four this afternoon the
Humper from sure let's take two at four hurricane hotline it's seven we got the
big oh and eight and we apologize up from for that any case back as usual time
10 to two got it and now let's let's I don't want to delve too deeply because I
don't want to stick my nose and other people's business but that business about
Joe Rose and Gildi then he could have happened not if Joe has his way right
Joe's real Joe Rose is real happy right now he's got big numbers in there
between eight and ten for change which is refreshing for lead and for us and if
it's not broken don't fix it Greg leave it alone please now as far as like
five days in the morning that's that's wide open you know there's all kinds
of speculations about that and now that Mo and I aren't such good speaking terms
right why mess with him you guys could do a show together maybe Gildi is the
problem there you think maybe that's the problem we ought to do a pull on that
like you can do that tomorrow all right huh who is the weakest link you think okay
I think it's Gildi would that really squeaky high voice you know who wants a
little morning morning to the whole station or whatever you like done that
before whatever you like WQA him hello yes sir oh god I did this relax okay he
he's all excited because he knows I'm back in town we're very close yeah catch
this Reverend Jones okay catch this WQA him hello title for the pole yes sir
scarf face scarf face was the one had the most impact you okay thanks
fine scarf face all in speaking of that did you see the pictures I'm sure you
did of the big phony rally that they had in Cuba I don't want to get in here in
South Florida offended but for once in his life castor was making some sense
mandatory attendance yeah but they had all those pictures of a cat of a bush
with a mustache and all the swastikas saying that bushes are bad work yeah huh nice
artwork on those pictures yeah I appreciated it thanks very much thank you
here's all of this stuff I'll be expecting those results in about ten minutes
thank you
should well I'll wait till she leaves then we'll say something real nice no there was
a good job see a lot of people now who you know who it is who's a real real
worst Todd Breck you remember that when he was those back in the day when he
actually was coming in here which was bad and he was bugging me about his
cholesterol and he's worried about this and he kept running over to the scale this
he got away about twenty five pounds soaking wetty's about two feet tall comes
up to your kneecap and he's giving me a solid answer about his cholesterol she
was great integrated medical services ink their in pember pines and they not
only do a blood testing and drug testing George yeah but they they come right to
you I just had a hit drug test yeah yeah yeah yeah now what was I just saying
about the other day about about Todd Breck so anyway the reason he wouldn't go
to the doctor is because he's afraid to get his blood drawn he's a little
messy which we can't say it on here anymore but he is if you look up see in the
dictionary you'll see Todd Rex picture right next to it what a whoo we can say
that WQAM hello Neil yes sir that one for the pool okay psycho psycho was fantastic
that's what Tony Perkins said you know that he was in the shower tab hunter I
didn't know that I don't think a shower for years after that I bet okay
thanks okay thank you it's back you know what what was her name don't tell me
because she was the one of the stars in a movie and she was in it for like five
minutes and then she got killed in the shower right her name was you know who
it is her psycho with Tony Perkins directed by Alfred it's got Martin Balsam
also got killed he knocked him down the stairs like that and her name was I have
no idea give me a clue well Tony Curtis had sex with her Tony Curtis had sex
with her yeah in really close that's what they made that's what they made well
what how does that help me it wasn't it Janet Lee oh Janet Lee Janet Lee very
good and we could have said if you had said pinky leave them or what was it
brindley Vivian Lee Viv no no it was Janet Lee Janet Lee played the poor young lady
who was out in the hotel yeah she got in the shower why she was a honey yeah she
was no see how cruise but well can't ever who is and she cruised that over there
to the baits motel where they it was kind of like the Roach Motel they checked in
but they didn't check out they checked out his taxidermy collection I heard that
Tony Perkins checked out tab hunters collection five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty every time I think of that I get goosebumps that's pretty exciting it is
well you don't know that much about tab hunter man I've seen pick he used to be
real pretty guy you know yeah the very terrible actor couldn't sing I thought
that movie he did with the divine I wouldn't be surprised if sunny James some
they just walked up the high tab under I'm being this is for young love okay remember
that song young love oh well I was done by sunny James it was the number one hit
and then tab hunter who couldn't sing a lick he he maybe could but he couldn't
sing and he covered it on dot records and also had a big hit on it young
love first love I mean he couldn't sing a he was he kind of sounded like him
bow camper had kind of that sound you know him have on her glad he's not coming
into what hey you don't have to be in the rock and bug me and the bow camper are
tight okay scary man these good people okay and they're scared of him over there at
university don't are they they talk about him like like Luke a bro they should they
should he towers over them right over everybody in fact that's why they put that
statue up from because they cover when he comes to work in the morning five six seven
oh five I'm in coherent and it's this place again light headed this place all
your mind headed then she took she did take several vials she's a vile I'll
know I've never had that happen before but it's probably because I'm taking
that plavix now probably but it's a blood thinner for your heart yeah so I don't
have a whole series of strokes anymore when I come in this place I have to do a
show like yeah like a two stroke engine is plenty right gone father 39
bowling for Columbines got what movie had the greatest impact on you I like this
pool and again Fahrenheit 51 is coming I know I had that story here of course I
was being bothered by so many people in here to say oh Neil welcome back okay see
and they think I'm being a bastard I just had a lot as you know I have a lot of
stuff to take care of okay in a very short period of time and they keep coming in
here like I really want to see them I don't I'm they probably don't want to see
me either you know don't feel bad if you don't come in tough I mean all of
these people oh gee it's so great to see you know it's not no it's not on the same
fat slab that I was before okay there's nothing new nothing different I got the same
I got nice haircut though very dapper nice shirt nice shirt I marked that down
on your calendar church had that nice shirt on today I do have a nice shirt on
not wrong with it got hemorrhoids a little bit but that's you know life is a pain in the ass
26 past 11 at 560 W.A.M. that was that was a great find that you just say we'll
call on those people again that's my insurance lady referred me to them thanks
to your insurance lady what's your name my insurance lady Debbie thank Debbie been with
them for years excellent at all state I prefer a state farm myself they've been very kind
to me but let's spread it around you're in good hands with the state so far 26 after
11 at 560 they've also thanks to my good close friend all the way out of town today
a Ken Ken Halpert over with Nationwide Limos he didn't come which is why I got such
great service yesterday pick me up in the airport yesterday morning victor was that
his name Vincent Vincent or was a victor I think it was Vincent and anyway he was a good guy
we got about halfway to the house and he finally shut up and it was great no he I walked
out the door and he was right there in that limo waiting for me I can you have better
service than that he had just pulled up I walked through those doors at MIA and there
he was just like that door open right now look closer real fast and see like bloodspirts
out of that we're going to do a test here at Q.I.M. since blood is what it's all about
we're going to we're going to see just how much blood spurts that when we decapitate
our program director Clarence that would be great let's take a video of it put it on
our website when it that watch it spurred out now back in the day of course but we can't
see nothing I'm just going to talk about it after I love it at Q.I.M. as your company's
suffering from regulations and increased labor costs let always this outsourcing helping
when it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company
employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services
that are wases outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable call
oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at 1 866 at oasis that's 1 866 to 866 2747
with more than 60,000 employees worldwide oasis outsourcing understands the many facets
to human resource management outsourcing has been recognized by firms both large and
small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while
leaving the operational details to our friends at oasis outsourcing let oasis outsourcing
make your business more profitable for a free evaluation column tool free 1 866 at oasis
that's 1 866 to 866 2747 for oasis outsourcing
now you're done as you are now I want to fill my page with my t-shirts and me
and then I'm going to sit back now I'm going back to the U.S.S.A.
oh my god
you shut your mouth and the big boy back to the U.S.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
and I'm going to go to the U.S.A.
Nobody knows where, what's the talk about the sickness of religion
and the hate that it breeds
and the death of the destruction.
Oh, what a lovely place it could be.
It could be paradise, you know?
Absolutely.
But it ain't.
Because we got a bunch of religious nut jobs out there.
Oh, well, my God.
It's the right one.
My God. It's the right one.
My God. It's the shea's.
Shea's in the Sunis.
In the Kurds.
In the way.
In the people for the American way.
Shea's in the way.
That's what Muf said.
She was trying to get it current.
But the Kurd was in a way.
Miss Muffin.
Speaking of that, crowds gathered for gay weddings in Massachusetts.
Oh, right.
Yeah. They're lined up from here to a pot-tucket.
They'll be surprised.
They'll be surprised.
They'll be surprised.
Like fans anxious for concert tickets, same sex couples waited in line for hours yesterday.
Outside Cambridge, Massachusetts City Hall for an event they once thought they never get to experience.
Marriage.
Marsha hands 56 as in Q56 and her partner Susan Sheppard 52 of Cambridge.
Showed up in midnight Saturday.
A full 24 hours at a time.
To stake out the first button line.
We're a city clerk with an out the nations.
First state sanctioned gay marriage applications.
People do this for red socks tickets.
Concert tickets at Ham's.
A healthcare advocate who's been with Sheppard a graduate student for 27 years.
Certainly we can do it for this.
Something this important.
The couple won a five station outside City Hall by midnight afternoon.
Satin lawn chairs.
Don Reinge jackets to protect themselves from a light drizzle.
And drank lots of coffee.
Sunday morning a young man approached them gave them a large red flower saying,
I wish you a long and a happy marriage and it goes on and on and on.
That's right.
The court said, now we're not going to put a stop to this.
Even though that Dan Mitt Romney, the Republican governor did everything but stand on his head and tried it like a lique...
Anthony and Scalia's ass.
Please stop this.
Please.
And they said, no.
The courts haven't stopped it yet.
So they're coming from all over the place.
The Massachusetts ruling touched off a frenzy of gay marriages across the country earlier this year.
Emboldening officials in San Francisco, upstate New York and Portland, Oregon to wish you marriage licenses as acts of civil disobedience.
Even though courts are at a halt to the wedding march opponents push for a federal constitutional ban on gay marriage.
Which of course the youngsters fash his prison of bushes and doors because God forbid that we piss off our right wing constituency there.
The goody two shoes crazy ass born again in nut cases who are busy starving their babies to death.
And bombing abortion clinics, all of these things.
And bombing well.
But you see this thing with a Syrian gas.
The poll comes out the other day.
Bush's popularity rating has dropped to 42%.
His approval rating on Iraq has dropped to 39%. All time lows.
And now just coincidentally, oh there's a little mustard. I bet it was French's.
Well they do have those French Muslims.
We saw in the 60s last night.
Probably the French mustard.
Yeah, how do you like that?
What a bunch of barbarian.
There were 80, 80 people raped a one little girl.
80 and they all stood around like, oh, when's my turn?
Let me know. I'm tapping her foot waiting for their turn.
What are we talking about?
Religious nuts.
Yeah.
Crazy religious people.
And you notice all those women running around with a schmattason.
Right.
See they had a good idea when they said, don't be doing that.
Right. It's a good idea.
Damn good.
Darn good.
Gosh darn good.
19 till noon at 560 WQA and we got the Curtis Stevenson at 2, the Humper from Shulis at 4.
After that, well, you know, buying a mattress can be really confusing.
So many brands, different modelings at every store.
It's almost impossible to compare.
Plus all the phony sales, phony promises and strings attached.
You almost have to redefine print with like magnifying glass.
Which is why dollar mattresses so amazing because it's the easiest possible way to get you a great deal.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you get the best prices on the best brands.
Would delivery on your schedule and the best customer service in the business.
Why would anybody in their right mind?
I'm listening.
Want to shop anyplace else.
Dollar mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch Award for Excellence because they were a card of anybody else to earn your business before during and after the sale.
When you call 1-800 mattress and speak with one of their expert bed and consultants, you can rest assured you get the best possible mattress and best deal all the way around.
If you have to make complete line of silly, cert as Simmons, King Coral, Pepper, Pete, Experienced, but Anna's foster.
Dollar mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kendall to Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford, Myers.
So call them right now, toll free 1-800 mattress and pick the date into our delivery window when it's convenient for you when you want them to show up and they'll be there.
They're on time.
It's day back in Miami Town at 5-6-0 WQ-A-L
Hi, this is Vice President Dick Cheney.
With my grueling schedule, I can't afford not to be in shape.
That's why I'm introducing my new series of high intensity workout videos.
Let's change size to the oldies.
We'll start with jumping jacks.
Now it's important to remember to pace yourself and only work out within your limitations.
So then, feet shoulder width apart, hands at the sides and begin.
One, one, one, clear.
As I tried to do a little too much, two, one, clear.
Oh, I'm getting warmed up.
Three, two, one, clear.
13-0 at 5-6-0 WQ-A-L
Rosemary's baby scared the crap out of me.
Says this fact.
So this day, I'm afraid to look out the peephole.
Oh, don't look out that peephole.
Next thing I'll be looking into glory holes.
That'll be next.
Got it, Rosemary's baby.
What movie had the greatest impact on you ever?
Godfather, 56.
The Godfather.
Do we have those droppings in here we better have?
You cannot look at me.
What do I have to do?
The big bluenet brains will over your nice, type of leaks suit.
Bowling for Columbine 36, that was my choice.
No, it was not my.
What did I vote for network?
Star Wars 24, network 12, that's surprising, but in a pleasant way.
The Exorcist State, Scarface 7, Jews, Ajaha 6, Alien 3, Apocalypse Now 3,
Psycho had a pair, Janet Lee.
Why don't I have trouble remembering that?
I don't know, you think of Vivian Lee.
No, you won't call that.
Vivian Lee was gone with the wind.
You think of Tippy Headroom from the birds?
Oh, Tippy Headroom's daughter is...
What's her name?
Yes, it is.
It's her name.
No, she was on the bag.
No, it's not her name.
She was on the biography the other day.
Tippy Headroom and her daughter, who's very famous actress named...
Right.
...like that.
Oh, come on, you know who I am.
I know it'll come to me.
And anyway, I love Tippy Headroom.
You know that her thing now is, she's got this big wildlife preserve
it with all these tigers and lions.
I had no idea.
Yeah.
Is it Melanie Griffith?
Yes.
See, there you go.
It's a lot easier than you thought.
Now, what am I doing?
We did the bird well and the rest of all got one or two.
Now, I'm a little distracted because Sharon is a great job
as she did draw on my blood.
And that's a nice service.
You know, you don't have to schlep anywhere.
And it's nice because they showed up nice and early
because you can't eat when you're going to have your blood taken, right?
Right.
You can't eat all day.
Of course, I can't eat anyway because then I'm going to the dentist.
So, I came back here to do all my doctoring and find out if I'm still alive or not.
Taking care of business.
But you have to.
You have to do all of these things, right?
Right.
But Sharon left behind a little evidence here.
In fact, this is the...
Somebody claaat!
The forensics experts would have a great time.
And don't let Dupsey this.
Man, God only knows where this thing would wind up.
Wow.
Especially this part.
We have a box of them.
Yeah, I know.
And they keep disappearing like crazy, too.
Back them.
Yeah.
In fact, Sean.
Isn't that his name?
Sean, a new kid.
Yeah.
Nice kid.
And he said to me this morning, he said, I didn't realize that a prological exam was part of working a QAM.
I said, well, it's a nice extra benefit of bonus.
He said he'll have it every day.
Well, we just want to make sure you're in good health, Sean.
Just like in the Catholic Church.
Right.
We want to make sure you're in good shape.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Let's get to about 100 movies on here.
Okay, we're dilly-dallying around here too much, too much hanky-panky, man.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I was a little kid when I saw this movie, but man, did it wipe me out?
It was called the screaming skull.
There's a scene where the kid pulls his bedsheet down and his skulls were the hoars and it chases him around.
Man, I wouldn't take my bed down, so I was about 10 years old.
I'll be damned.
Yeah, I'll be damned.
Okay, thanks.
I'll probably have a right there.
I don't do it again.
Yeah, that's kind of like the horse head's thing in the godfather.
Yeah, let me just scare the horses or just...
No, no, we just as scary seen.
Oh, I am.
It was pretty 400 times you saw it.
Right.
I kind of look forward to it now.
Sure.
Cartoon.
Cartoon.
I'm not going to race him now.
How about that smarty-a-pants Jones, man?
That was some preteness.
That was phenomenal.
Dave Johnson would be very proud.
Well, we both picked him.
Scoot up the exacto, but that's the way it goes.
You know that Don I'm a...
You're going to be very impressed when you hear this?
Although it's a very good cause.
It's for his ranch, you know?
For the kids?
Oh, it's for the kids I had no idea.
But somebody gave him like a 10 grand...
What do they call that?
Donation?
No, no.
10 grand to a start.
The gamblers have a word for that.
And he...
So let's go ask one.
So somebody told him to bet the $10,000 on smarty- Jones to win.
And then what the horse did for the second, that big black horse, I can't think of the name.
The 10 horse.
And the...
Oh, and he bet all $10,000 on the exacty-
$123 grand.
Very good.
For a good cause.
I wonder how much goes to the ranch?
$567.0560, of course, that booze, you know?
He's not up the cross anymore.
That's because he looks like that chewing gum that he snaps everywhere.
That's pretty expensive stuff.
How about your QAM?
Hello.
Thank you.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How about, uh, silence of the lambs?
Okay.
Sounds like a wiener to me.
All right, I have a safe room.
With some problem, me.
And a nice candy.
There's a movie that they should never made the sequel.
Sorry.
No, they should not have.
They should not have made the sequel.
And I'll give you one good reason why they shouldn't have made the sequel.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
Week.
It was.
Plus, we didn't have Johnny Foster.
Doctor, doctor, doctor, doctor.
That's that she was that great anyway.
No.
In fact, she was awful in that movie.
Correct.
Correcting was so far over the top.
Just like your tell me, if anybody out there is considering going to see a tytony, I mean, Troy.
It's an okay watch.
But Brad is melodramatic at best.
Well, cause he can't act.
Troy!
He does act well in movies like California.
Seven.
Yeah.
He can't act.
That's why he was disappointed.
Well, he was good in the one with his brother, the fishing.
What the hell was the name of that movie?
I love that.
Legends of the fall.
Yeah.
Legends of the fall.
That was a good movie.
His brother, that there were the sunken in ice.
Whoever he is.
Oh, and she's right on the tip of my tongue.
So it's Monday and I thought he was going to know these things.
No, not mad, Damon.
Jesus God, Matt Damon.
W.Q.M. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
What do you do?
I know.
I have to overcome this.
Nobody has to be from somewhere.
I'd rather be from Rochester than Buffalo though.
Buffalo sucks.
Sometimes that's very true.
And you got five point overcome.
And you got five point overcome too.
Thank you.
I want to say.
Hi, Sally.
I want to say.
What kind of a gorgeous group you promote these days?
What is it?
Easy Rider.
Peter Fonda.
Yeah, that movie just blew me away.
I'll bet.
Yeah, too.
Yeah.
Really had a fantastic day in that.
Yeah.
Okay, Woody, well, it's nice hearing your voice.
It will be ticket hearing yours too.
What do you got tickets for?
You heard him answer him tickets.
I need cord and some blind.
Yeah, more can answer for you.
All right.
Give him some cord and some lime.
See you Woody.
Take care.
Goodbye.
Bye bye.
How about some a Coca-Cola classic with a slice of lime?
No, it's just a joke.
You wouldn't get it.
You wouldn't anybody else.
Let's see.
For the poll, one of my buddies got a hold of his older brother's beta max copy of Debbie
Does Dallas since then my life has never been the same.
You know, haven't I told you that that's maybe one of the best porn movies of all time?
And he does.
And I've never seen it.
With Bambi Woods?
You would approve of Bambi Woods because she loves her goods.
She had the goods.
And for those hairy 70s days.
Hairy reams?
Hairy does.
Yeah.
Oh, oh.
Yeah.
There we are.
I'll tell you the whole thing with the 70s.
I don't know.
We're starting to show a lot of this now.
Stounds of crap on TV.
Well, they've been doing it a long time.
There was something about the 70s with a bell bottom pants and the white chops of the cyber one.
Yeah, mutton chops.
Mutton Jeff and the pervers.
Craig Sheffer.
Okay.
He was in that movie with Brad Pitt.
He played the brother with the long stuck an eye.
Yes, you're right.
Elections of the fall.
Yeah.
That's a good movie.
Very sad.
Everyone else in the movie, Troy, that is, was phenomenal as far as they're acting.
Yeah.
And the script was okay.
Well, it had nothing to do with him.
Troy, but at least he didn't dye his hair blonde and put on a really phony, bad Swedish accent.
Just to dye jobs.
What was that movie?
I don't know.
Was Brad?
Yeah.
When he dyed his hair blonde, he put on a worse phony accent in the history of everybody laughed at him.
See, one thing about that, and that is if you look that good, and he still looks good.
I mean, he just didn't change that much.
No.
But when you look that good, you can act as bad as you want.
And people say, oh my god, everybody's writing to sing.
True.
Because Brad Pitt's in it.
He flirted as an ostril's a lot.
Did he?
Like a horse kind of.
Kind of.
Yeah.
And that was it.
But the movie was alright.
Rock something.
That was the name of that ten horse in the preface.
I don't really follow through about racing.
I just fake my way through it for Dave Johnson's amusement because Dave's a great guy.
And with the tradition on this show, the triple crown, you know.
And look at that.
It proves the less you know, the better off you are.
I picked Marty Jones because of the Canadian connection, because of the sob story about how he almost died.
Hit his head in the starting gate.
Lost an eye.
So, kiddin'.
Really?
Yeah.
They said, how come you're running so fast?
You said, Christchurch, I only have one eye.
Something like that.
I think he said that.
Four minutes till new and man, I can't wait till two o'clock when Curtis even since he's gonna be here, you know what?
So you can leave.
Yeah.
Right.
Well, I mean Curtis is a good guy.
He has to see him.
So I'm a good friend Ken Maldon in the other room.
Ken never changes.
He sits in there where nothing phases Ken.
Very calm, cool, collected, nothing bothers Ken Maldon.
Just sits there.
At that computer.
Looking at the corner, I'm sure.
Four minutes till new and a QA.
Hey, I'm Helmut.
Tell you right now about financial group.
You've heard us talk about it for a long time and they're incredible.
So we're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
We're going to have a little bit of a conversation.
What do you think about the season finale of Frazier?
What?
Frazier.
What's that?
Dr. Frazier Crane NBC.
What's that? Dr. Frazier Crane NBC.
What's that? Dr. Frazier Crane NBC.
What's that? Dr. Frazier Crane NBC.
Oh yeah yeah yeah Niles! He owes me $10!
Doggie.
My dog's name's not Eddie. It's Charlie.
Sir sir sir where are you from?
Australia.
Yeah tell me about Frazier.
It's a horrible shot.
It was who's been on forever sir. Frazier.
None of us watch it damn it.
None of us watch it damn it.
No one at all. It's terrible.
Sir sir let's try one more.
Sir what do you think of Frazier?
I just booked myself.
Beautiful.
You see what I'm saying?
Frazier.
It's going off.
The light.
It's so real.
Alright.
Comrade Dicketh thought it was important.
How many columns did you write about that?
About 30 man.
At least.
They're old Tommy man.
He's on top of it not.
Somebody says midnight express.
Okay.
And if they think they got things bad at Abu Graib.
They should show that in the prison.
I think you guys got a bad take a look at this man.
Wow.
Fast times it reached about high.
Somebody says.
Now you know what that reminds me of and I can't think.
See I keep back in my self into this corner because you know on a Monday
we're not supposed to remember anything.
After you're in here or weekend.
What's that movie that I turned you on to that you liked very very much?
Similar kind of like fast times the ridge.
But I.
We just who is it?
Oh I don't know.
Oh rules of the track.
That's it.
Yes.
Who was in is that kid from that stupid show on TV that I don't watch.
Dawson's quick Jessica Biel and the kids in Dawson's Creek.
Well I don't even like but he was good in that movie.
Everybody was good there.
Right.
Jessica Biel.
Right.
Was in it.
Yeah.
I want to squeal.
There you go.
He wants to go.
We'll be Jessica Biel.
There was a lot of interesting people in that movie.
There was a lot of good stuff going on too.
Yeah.
Jessica Biel.
Like I said.
What was the name of it again rules of attraction?
I watched it two or three times very bad.
Very good.
Very good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond.
Let's see Godfather 62.
What movie has had the greatest impact on you of any movie ever?
The Godfather 62 and that's because they're listening to the show.
And we won't stop beating them all by the hand with the Godfather.
I know but you for now.
You broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
Although personally I favored.
It leaves it good.
I think that only.
A little bit more.
I think that the heart can only.
Yes.
I should probably put a sign up on the door here.
A seren gas warning.
Because this scented candle would stay cutting it.
Oh really?
But you are as a movie star.
Yeah.
Well luckily we got that thick glass wall.
Anyway Godfather 62.
A bowling for Columbine 47.
Star Wars 34.
Jaws 15.
Yeah.
Exorcist 13.
I guess Jaws if you're like here in Florida.
You're like a water person.
You know.
My friends saw it when they were little children.
Right.
And they were going to the crab bottom.
Yeah.
And we're not going in the water mommy.
We're not going in their sharks in there.
So it's a good thing we were too poor to go to the movies.
The Exorcist 13.
Network 13.
Apocalypse Now 10.
There's nothing like a small and they pop in the morning.
It smells like this.
Yeah.
Like whatever is going on in there.
Schindler's List 9.
Scarface 9.
Speaking of La Bamba.
Alien 5.
Demi does Dallas 5.
Actually put that on there and she's doing very well.
I'll bet.
The lovely Bambi Woods.
But that was great.
They just wanted the cheerleaders just needed to raise money for the trip.
Was it all?
And they were creative and that's the way it was.
Psycho 4.
The killing feels 4.
Easy riders got a pair.
Whatever happened to Peter Fonda.
He just kind of like vanished into the woodwork.
Bit of a few more movies and yeah.
Vanished.
Faded away.
Oh.
Kind of like Dad.
Dad.
Dad.
Ah.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2.
Fast Times Average Mount Hyde 2.
Silence of the Lambs 1.
And none yet for Rosemary's Baby.
The screaming skull of PMist.
Midnight Express.
Love Story.
Or rules of attraction.
Would you have put on there for some strange reason?
Oh, I didn't know you wanted it.
Out of 238.
Why you don't think it'll get some votes?
Sure, why not?
No, wait, wait a minute.
Why would that have a great impact on you?
Well, a lot of these other movies that wanted the same thing.
But who might argue?
You mean like Fast Times Average Mount Hyde?
Well, I mean it changed my life because I guess I'll...
Jessica Beal was going to Phoebe Cates' for the first time.
Do you mean the Fast Times Jennifer Jason Leeds for the first time?
Jason Leeds.
5670560, pound, five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQA him, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I have one for you, Paul.
Okay.
What about the Passion of Christ?
The Passion of the Christ.
Yes.
Change my, change my Gibson's life about 250 million bucks.
There you go.
And the other one is...
Yes!
WDQA him, hello.
Uncle Neil, please.
Speaking.
Hey, I got one for the pole, Neil.
Do you?
Okay.
The dear owner.
Timely.
Hey, did you have him to catch Ralph Nader on the CNN yesterday?
Yes, I did see him and I wish that Wolf Blitzer would have just smacked him right in the head.
Knocked him, sensed him.
I thought he made, he did some good bush-wacking, though.
He did it.
I like the one thing, I will give him credit for one thing.
But Wolf Blitzkrieg tried to get him to back out of his comment about this regime.
Has nobody called him the Bush regime?
Yes.
And so that's pretty strong stuff.
Do you want to read, did you really mean to say that?
Or was that a slip of the...
No, the Bush regime.
That's what I meant to say.
Yeah, I like that one more.
And Wolf Wolf looked like his eyes were spinning around like a pinball.
And she said, oh, you can't say that, I might show, because you know...
Alright.
Alright, I'm out of here.
Thanks, Pally.
Dear Slayer, got it?
Dear Hunter.
What I say?
Slayer.
Slayer, Hunter, same old crap.
W.A.M., hello.
Yeah, hi, this is Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Congratulations on being the best AM radio personality ever.
Well, thank you so much that just changed my life.
You have no idea.
I'm going to put that up on the wall and the bow.
Oh really, you are the greatest.
I love your show and put Magnolia in there.
Oh, thank you so much for the best.
Bye, Dave.
Bye, baby.
See, George is no like Magnolia.
I don't want to hear anything more about the ending.
Buh-buh-buh-buh.
I don't want to hear that. Magnolia is so underrated and so great.
You know the ending of Troy?
What about it?
Week.
Oh.
The ending in Troy.
Yeah.
There's nothing weak about the ending of Magnolia.
And Jason Robards dies.
Right.
And storyline ended.
Right.
Right.
And wouldn't be surprised if what's his name got his braces eventually.
Yeah, although it wouldn't be surprised, but you'll never know.
It wouldn't help.
I don't really don't care.
I know.
Where you make Macy, I don't care if he gets the braces or not, because he's got a whole bunch of other movies to make.
Yeah.
He makes about 100 movies.
He's great.
He is good.
Everybody, even, I mean, when even Tom Cruise is good in a movie, other than Born on the Fourth of July,
what other movie was he ever good in?
Not a bad actor.
He's just a bad dude.
He just don't like him sometimes.
No, we just don't like him.
I don't.
You don't like him because he's short.
And I don't like him because he's at a closet queen.
Oh, okay.
That's why I don't like him.
And he just, I don't, he just doesn't know for me.
The movie that had the greatest impact last temptation of the Christ.
Okay, well, let's, I, we just got that.
Okay.
Oh, that was different.
Oh, last temptation of Christ.
We did the, uh, the passion of the Christ.
Well, Jesus Christ.
I mean, I thought this was the one show where we could get away from all these religious nuts.
And all of a sudden, we're like, I'm gonna run here.
Every movie is about Jesus Christ.
Let's get away from that.
Please.
As seen in Holmes and Land Magazine.
What?
I'm in those seconds wrong.
And they were the, the young, you, you know this movie.
And the guy's daughter, she's gonna lose her virginity to her boyfriend.
And they're gonna make all of this money.
They've got some kind of a bet they're gonna do a live on TV or whatever they're doing or taping it.
And Ron Jeremy is, uh, doing something.
No, he, he's just sitting there. He's just being fat.
You're fat and you're ugly, Ron.
Okay, just like me.
Well, now I'm not running around naked like you are.
Glad I missed it.
Yeah.
No, actually, you would have liked it.
I mean, we didn't really see a whole lot, but the, uh, Ron, I have to give you, oh, we saw more than enough for Ron about 10 seconds.
That was plenty.
And don't, I'll be coming in here without Goldstein, no more.
Okay, next time George, drags Al Goldstein in here.
Don't be slurping in here.
Next time?
Yeah, next time you bring your good buddy, Alan here, looking for glory holes.
By the way, we need an update on the JC Penny, uh, glory holes at Westland.
At least, I'm up, ask me to find out.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WDQM.
VOOM is not just your pedestrian TV, but it's high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish and HD receiver.
The picture is so clear, so superior to your ordinary pedestrian TV, you can practically reach right in there and pat Tom Brady on the shoulder.
Or even on a...
RACTIM ASS.
VOOM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV.
VOOM has got the most HD TV and it where it provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience, including satellite dish, HD receiver and the remote.
And VOOM has got over 30 channels of HD programming that you can watch ESPN High Definition that's three times more than you get from cable.
And they've got all your other favorite channels, too, like HBO, MTV, even your local local channels.
VOOM has got over 120 channels of great entertainment.
VOOM even has exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you can't even get from your cable or satellite company.
So with VOOM, you get everything you've got now plus all these awesome, high definition channels.
By the way, did I mention that Gary Sarner is a real major league poll.
Call VOOM today, till for a 1-866-848-8666, or check them online, VOOM.com for limited time offer, which includes free installation, no upfront cost, no long term commitment.
That's 1-866-848-8666, or VOOM.com to start vooming today.
But you better check it out because the offer ends May 31, like two weeks from today.
My and Lord, this is 42560, the way you weigh.
In the past, it had to be worse with Saddam, who saved.
Well, Pentagon denounces investigative report. That's one by Seymour Hirsch, New Yorker, that we had on our website yesterday as a matter of fact,
we've been making the rounds yesterday.
Yeah, I saw Seymour.
I seen him.
And they don't want you to believe any of that.
Oh, no, that's bad. Romsfeld never came up with that.
And we never did any of these things. And we're very humane.
And all those people are dying over there. It's just, you know, pain in the ass bystanders getting away again.
Just like Santino said, we don't want to know pain in the ass bystanders getting hurt.
Yeah. Yeah.
Pain in the ass innocent bystanders.
Right.
Anyway, I guess there are no innocent bystanders in Iraq.
No. No.
They should be bomb-diss.
Larry Shane says, oh, Larry again from that magazine, he said that is him.
Go to the website, hairyremes.com.
So he's selling real estate now.
Why not?
He can't sell other things anymore.
I'm not sure as hell can't.
He was growing, he's another one.
He was a test.
Man, just a walk-in-furball.
Hairy.
That's why they call the hairyremes.
Well, that was part of it.
Dr. Javago, somebody says, a very hard-wrenching-
You're a lurching-
Good score, though.
Dr. Javago, what was it, three to two?
Here's one that says, the matrix.
Mike says the matrix.
It also says, love your show, keep beating up on Mo.
I'm a lurching.
I'm a lurching.
Dr. Javago, Z.
H-I-V-A-G.
Oh!
Z-H-I-V-A-G.
Get it.
Get it.
You're with it.
Are you kidding me, Dr. Javago?
You better get with your Russian, Mr.
You should don't know it.
No.
That's not that that's a Russian.
Well, I had the record, but nevertheless.
Somewhere, Milo, I can think almost as good as Tab Hunter.
I like Bohemian Bowtman better.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 0, 3rd, 2nd, case of human remains found.
I like this story.
I got a lot of stuff here, and I'm not paying any attention to it now,
because quite frankly.
I just want to get out of here.
I'll be very honest with you.
This is a studio.
No, seriously, I don't mind doing the show in Toronto,
but this thing I've come in here, even once in a great while.
It's unacceptable.
The studio, the way this sounds the whole time, it's like an echo chamber.
It's bad.
It'd be bad.
And then of course, them didlin' with this thing over here.
Okay.
Jesus.
4, not 1, that could have been an accident, but when they were 4,
these missing, you know somebody who was didlin' with it?
No question.
And Doug comes and says, oh gee, well, I just kind of like, oh yeah.
It wasn't me.
That's his response, as opposed to saying, well, we're going to find out
who's coming in here and dicking him around with audio equipment all the time, okay?
We're going to find out.
Are they going to find out?
No.
Did they give a flying crap?
No.
No.
A suitcase containing human remains was found floating near the Chesapeake Bay Bridge tunnel
yesterday.
The third such discovery in the area this month, a border alerted police that he had found
the suitcase floating off the second island of the bridge tunnel said Virginia Beach Police
spokesman Dunn, rumor.
Oh, let me tell you about my lunch with Rimmer last Wednesday.
Okay.
No, I already did.
He only had a bowl of soup.
The remains were sent to the State Medical Examiner's office in Norfolk.
Detectives believe the third suitcase is related to the two found previously this month,
Rimmer said.
On May 11th, a graduate student who was bird watching on Fisherman's Island
offer, Jenis Easter ensure found a suitcase containing body parts wrapped in plastic bags,
reportedly including a human head.
Oh, no.
Less than a week earlier, a fisherman discovered a suitcase containing human remains there
the fourth island of the bridge tunnel.
Police described the remains as being those of a white male.
That kind of narrow is it down.
Police said it was not immediately known how long the man had been dead or his identity.
But other than that, they got a good beat on it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
So what's the verdict on the Nick Berg pictures?
People believe it's for real.
I'm talking to people who think it just looks very suspicious.
I might have to watch it now in spite of myself.
I don't think you're going to be that grossed out from what I'm hearing.
I'm not going to...
I'm not queasy.
I just...
We could watch it during the break.
We could?
We could.
I mean, somebody suggested to me yesterday, oh, you put it on your website?
We could get 80 million hits, but I don't think...
I want to tell you how many people have approached me with that.
Yeah.
Why would we want to do that?
I don't know.
You want to put snuff films on our website?
It's not like it's hard to find.
Right.
And why do we want to degrade ourselves to that?
I mean, that's...
I don't want to do that.
No.
I mean, we got it.
And if you want to see it, there's no shortage of places you can find it online.
So why do we want to put that kind of crap on our website?
Next thing we'll be doing is phases of death parts, one through a thousand.
Oh, right.
Get 80 million...
See, I mean, do we make any extra money from getting a lot of hits on our website?
Extra money.
Well, any money.
No.
So, what do we care?
I mean, we're trying for Eric, you know, and spotted his behavior.
What?
Oh, that thing he pulled this morning, man.
That was pathetic.
That was embarrassing.
You know, all the stuff that I got going on here with doctors and lawyers, and I mean,
I'm trying to get my life put together here and get my blood drawn.
I mean, nothing like earthshaking, but just things.
And all of a sudden, well, gee, whoa, George's computer's not working.
It's my waiting for him to...
For you to select one of these pictures.
Pick one yourself, okay?
Stick your finger in your nose and pick a good one, Eric, okay?
Or maybe even in your...
Correct, though.
I don't care.
God, talk about an emotional cripple.
Whoa!
And now, did you pick the one where he picked it?
He did.
Well, that's fine.
That's a nice picture.
Sure.
Who is it?
Bridget Neel's.
Oh, Bridget Neel's.
We have found all of them, but...
You know, I sent him a bunch and picked it.
The great Dan.
She's behind the big curtain right above the old Pat Boone in the box.
That's a fine picture.
That's fine.
Of course, that's a little on the older side, but then again, she's about 40.
Right?
Ancient.
Well, I mean, some of these guys, she is...
Does somebody else just about write?
There's Pat with his old Boone in the box.
Ancient.
Michael Powell.
Boy, talk about an ass.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
It's speaking of Uncle Neel.
Yes, speaking.
Neel.
Uh, movie that scared me the most was Bambi, the fire scene in there.
But they're not.
I was only about 45.
Right.
And I was afraid of fire for years.
I'll be done.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Say hi to Bambi.
And last year, two while you were at it, Bambi, he was a little kid.
When you were a little kid, you were very impressionable.
And some of these things can set you off.
You were scared.
A scared for a long time.
Okay.
Like when a stranger calls, that's scary.
Sure.
Of course, keep in mind, oh, there's Fixit, man.
What an engineer he is.
Uh, what movie had the greatest impact on you as our poll course?
Now, was the scariest.
I mean, we've done the scariest, right?
Yeah.
Which that could be it.
I'm sure the exercise, that's the reason I had the great impact.
Although there's a lot more to it than just that.
Well, look, there were kids coming out of that movie puking.
Yeah, because it was disgusting.
That's scary.
No, because of the pea soup.
Right.
Well, scary, and that's the same genre, generally.
Kale?
Yeah.
We discussed it.
Just discussing and funny, with the pea soup.
But it was like a leader.
It was scamble soup.
I think that Reggie White was doing it for it at the time.
Mm-mm-mm-mm.
Mime, I'm I.
Anyway.
But the story about the Catholic church and the exorcism, see, the problem with these religionists
is that even if you insult them, which they did in that movie, they don't get it.
Once in a great while when they make it real obvious like the priest or the last temptation of Christ,
Oh, gee!
But that wasn't an insight.
I was just going to retract that.
The priest though.
Yeah.
Right.
Which told a little too much truth.
It was a little bit too dogmaid, a little bit too close to the truth handle.
And those they got.
Oh, we're really pissed off about those.
But like in the exorcist, that was the movie about this whole hocus-pocus.
Right.
The spirit of Christ compels you.
All of a sudden, crap.
All of a sudden, they're baloney.
You know, the pope does lots of those.
Or at least he used to have his wife.
He does what?
Exorcisms.
Really?
He's an old hat at it.
An old pointy hat at it.
The Catholic Church is the most corrupt institution on the face of the earth bar none.
There's nothing that's even a close second, and they do a tax-free.
Oh, right.
That's the best part of that deal.
What a scam.
When do we get a piece of that?
Oh, you got to do his joint.
That's what the pope said about the altar boy.
When do we get a piece of that?
You got part of the criteria already.
And the swish gardenalists.
You ought to see the people in Rome schlepping to the Vatican.
I-I've been in Rome.
We all may times have been in Rome.
But third man.
Nothing more than that.
Over the years.
Ask me if I've ever been to the Vatican.
Well, I know.
I don't the answer to that.
No.
I don't want to go anywhere near the Vatican.
Uh-uh.
With all of them geckys there.
Most of them Americans, by the way, stupid brainwashed religions.
Oh, look at all those beautiful robes.
Oh, it's all the slaves.
All the slepherds are sitting around.
They're starving.
All the poppers.
And they got all of their bobbles, bangles, and beads, if you put in that expression.
By the way, say a few more Hail Mary's there on Passionate.
Report later, I think.
Maybe Pillar will survive, please.
26 past an unit Q.A.M.
Lobsterfest is back.
Uh-oh.
I don't want to be caught off guard.
You know, because their close personal friend, and what's his name?
He ain't here today.
Lobsterfest is back at the Emerald Coast.
If he never been there before.
You are really missing out.
In fact, Zagat Poole.
Zagat restaurant reviews.
Voter then number one.
And WSBN news is outflowed.
Is Vest Asian buffet?
And they're right.
Emerald coast has delicious fresh goodies.
Everything is fresh, everything is just fabulous.
At Emelco's not just about just a slot put out there to impress you with how many dishes
they can make.
Six different kinds of soups, dozens of succulent fresh entrees like New York strip made
the order with their sizzling Asian grill, the brand new Hunan fish, main lobster, thermonor
style, Jonah crab, oysters on a half shell, they've got hand-carb prime rib, the brand new
Thai specialties too, a full-sounded bar, a full Chinese food lineup, their brand new
sushi bar and fresh, you know cocktail.
And if you have any room at the end, shove a little dessert in your pants too.
I can't imagine, although why do I say that?
I had dessert there many times.
Why do I say that?
I can't imagine anybody with all that food eaten as this year I can because I do it all
the time and you will too.
They got bells and waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings
and fresh fruit.
If you want a big fat slaw by the way and I'll guarantee you will be on the way out.
Emelco's three locations for you, Pember Pine, Sunnay Alzen and Sunrise, so take the whole
family or book your next business luncheon at the Emelco's and let them cook up a
storm for you.
Call 9-5-4-57238-22, that's 9-5-4-57238-22.
Lot of imitators but there ain't nothing like the Emelco's Chinese buffet.
My life and love, this is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't too way.
PAY THE FIRE.
Take a tank of pickled peppers.
How many pickled peppers did PAY THE FIRE.
It's a big fat or pig.
It's a cool wild, most got it.
It's job's favorite.
We got it the week out wonder why.
One of them was John wondering why, baby.
Did Emelco keep that bread head of guy?
It was because like my homie I have a pretty face.
He couldn't sing, he couldn't laugh that.
It's all a matter of opinion, baby.
Never had a real chance.
Well, aren't you?
Time and day love have been friends.
Who would be the one?
Come on, come, Steve, it's all your spied-by.
If I live through you, I'll go pay.
I'm out, go away.
Oh, where am I going?
No, I'm long, I'm Steve, it's all you had for your voice.
Maybe I want to shoot myself when the gun flees go away.
Ooh, ooh, I'm full, baby.
You'll know who I am, you'll know who I am.
Ooh, I agree with you there, baby.
I'm much taller than Clay and much skinny if there's a rootburn.
But I'm a show is free.
Ooh, that's a nice effect.
I won't have to kick you on TV.
Ooh, a violent violent.
I can't watch next week.
Go ahead.
Without hearing your cruel and little shriek.
Well, aren't you nice?
Thanks for the funny memory.
Ooh, you're certainly welcome, I'm sure.
Now that you've done, you must be busy.
Or you ain't kidnaps some cropped sweat going.
Just like a warm summer time, breathe.
Like a warm breeze over my bed, my dogs.
I am out the door.
Don't let me hear you no more.
Oh, come on, we're gone, John Steve is not here.
You're spied by the funny dude you all thought they'd hide out the way.
Appreciate the homies, baby.
All the hard work for John Steve is.
So long John Steve is so cute.
On your voice, maybe I want to shoot myself with a gun flees go away.
Ooh, I find that as lightly humorous.
He sure knows we'll be all okay.
John Steve is out.
12.33 at 5.60 W.A.M.
I'm looking at these new times in city lengths that you had sitting over there on the side.
Suda one, intellectual crap in new times, which is what they specialize in.
Best croquettes.
Okay.
Where Sergio is various locations in Dade County.
Oh, I ain't going there.
Forget this from Sergio is there a meal by themselves.
Best a pork chop or a tonneke on the mile in the gables.
I mean the categories they got in here enough to make you want to just scream.
I know this the best desserts Barton G, the restaurant on the beach.
Remember that was on our poll?
Yes indeed.
Best sushi, Siamar, better tell Greg.
That's the only time Greg we can look anything in the eye is when it's sushi.
Yeah.
You know what I'm talking about.
Otherwise he's always like looking over in the wall and scratching at home and saying.
Nice seeing you not Greg.
Don't come anywhere near here.
I can't stand you.
Best homemade pasta.
Nunesio's a tender Mr. Rante.
West made the date on Bird Road.
Best edible plants.
Oh, and speaking of that I wonder if the Spiced Apple Stone business.
A lot of the restaurants just like that process of mass which I thought of on Saturday.
Oh God, look at what just flew in the door.
Fly away sweetheart.
A lot of the restaurants are gone.
Right.
Some of them deservedly so.
Not a proxory max though.
No.
Spiced Apple out I remember.
I think we used to be pretty good.
Best kosher bakery, Abraham's in on the beach.
Best deli.
The grateful deli North Miami Beach.
North Miami Beach has got a deli still.
I guess you're just like deli.
What?
They order.
There no Jews in North Miami Beach.
Are you crazy?
The sluppers that could afford to move.
Get out of here.
They're all in Boka.
Sprees.
Best pizza.
Sprees in on Lincoln Road.
Oh God.
Readers chose pizza rustica.
Which I think somebody also mentioned that.
This is crap.
Maybe a one in city.
Lank will be better.
New times.
A bunch of sueds if there ever were one.
And what's this other list here?
Best local acoustic performer.
What kind of a freaking category is that?
Best local acoustic performer?
Stefan?
Michease.
Plenty of unplugged soloist filerums with auditory delights.
Say less sied, for example,
and lunch over guitar.
Turn your world black as your heart quivers.
I think your heart is black
and your world is black at the new times.
What a pile of crap.
Oh, here's one that you're going to like,
especially this audience.
Best public restroom.
All right.
Please tell.
The best public restaurant room is at Houston's in the Gables.
I got a read about this.
The best public restroom.
This is something that's been just a.
That's a date club you moron.
Houston's understands that business types offer a three-martini lunch.
You're not going to leave the comforts of the executive washroom
at the office for just any old porta potty.
That's why Houston's this takes steps to ensure that a trip to its throne
will lead customers feeding like royalty.
You're looking for glory holes.
Along hallway separates the WC from the hustle and bustle of the rest of the restaurant.
The full-length window is facing Miracle Mile at a nice touch of scenery along the way.
Customers open the door and are greeted by chic stainless steel sinks and waste baskets.
Guys will rejoice over the fans just above each urinal and blow a sweet breeze downward.
You feel a sweet breeze between your knees.
That's important downward.
But for men and women alike, it's the attention to detail that makes these restrooms restful.
The Houston management style is might be best described as fussy.
Some would say totalitarian.
So it won't come as a surprise that the black clad servers are required to inspect the bathrooms every 30 minutes.
But third man.
They have a chair.
Yeah, we know what they're doing.
You're looking for glory holes.
They have a checklist of items they must be in place.
Double rolls of turlid paper for example must display a cascading effect.
In other words, the flat must be pulled from the top not the bottom.
Also servers have required to count the hand towels by the sink.
If they fall in below the 35 mark, they must be replenished to exactly that amount.
Flat facing down of course.
Of course.
Wow.
What a fabulous experience.
It's almost enough to make you want to just go.
Go there.
Yeah.
Go and go go.
Wow.
5670560.
Pound 560 years line 9.
QA him.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
In cold blood.
Turned Capote.
Yeah, that movie just killed me.
I saw that just a couple of months ago as a matter of fact.
Okay, pal.
Let's see how to Truman.
Harry and the Capote.
Where's the city link?
There we go.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
I don't understand.
How many of, uh, oh, here it is.
This is like the sun.
Right.
The sun.
Just gigantic.
They lived for this.
Heavy dude.
No, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about the ads.
I mean, that's what I'm talking about.
I granted.
I grant you that it doesn't cost anything.
These are just rags that, you know, a few people pick up and most people don't.
But, uh, it's, they're just rags with loads of ads.
Just tons and tons.
And of course, if you're a restaurant you advertise and you're out here at T.
You're the best of something, you know?
The best restaurant that advertises on P.
87.
Oh, yeah, that's this one.
We already been through these radio personalities.
Uh, best local artist.
Best local website, bangbus.com.
Traditional feminists will likely be a guest, but our classic,
our choice features locally based and produced comedic porn films,
weekly episode showing random women bribed off the street into a van,
then into the, the property.
I don't think we should be even talking about this bangbus.
That sounds like something on that 60 minutes piece in France last night.
Best local writer, Carl's a Blotney.
Do you have any idea who that is?
The bangbus?
No, no, Carl's a Blotney.
No.
I have no idea who that even is, nor do I care.
Best tourist, right, the island queen.
I thought she was just in here.
That's the island queen.
Oh.
Best dance company.
This is, I can't, I'm not gonna wait.
No, no, no.
One of you stuck it a bit in the corner.
It's just yeah, cock cuck, exactly.
Jim Kelly says, love the show.
Been listening for about 20 years now.
Fatsom made me laugh like I haven't lasted in life in years.
Outlawed, rolling on the floor, laughing.
Just saw it last night on HB.
Oh, oh, oh, for the first time.
Been thinking about it all day.
Fatsom is my pick for your poll says Jim Kelly.
Good choice, Jim.
Very underrated movie.
Everybody should see it.
Get the honey, June.
Especially us fat people.
We should tie Zach and the beast.
Time to cheer and for a fourth time to watch it all day.
I'll start buying rope.
Yeah.
Well, well, I'll let you know what I'm saying.
Well, I haven't a bunch of luxury in Cougill sitting just far out
enough out of the reach that they can smell it, but they can't reach it.
Godfather, 79, bowling for Columbine 60.
Star Wars 44.
Go.
Chau's 34.
Debbie does downless 18.
Good choice.
Time with Network 18.
I think they done away.
It was in both.
The Exorcist 16.
Fast Times in Ridgemont, High 16.
Schindler's List 15.
Apocalypse Now 15.
Apoks.
Apoks.
Analyze.
Scarface 14.
Psycho 8.
Alien 8.
The deer 108.
Easy Rider 6.
The killing field 6.
All of these morbid, morbid, morbid, morbid.
Oh, speaking of uplifting though, midnight Express and four.
Talking about that.
Had a honey on the shower together, okay?
The Passion of the Christ tree Rosemary's baby 3.
Bambee 3.
Texas chainsaw massacres got up here.
The pianist had two.
I'd say the sounds of lambs had up here.
Last temptation of Christ won and none yet out of almost 400 votes.
Zero for love story.
Magnolia's got none.
Oh, God.
Dr. Shavago's the screaming skull in cold blood and fatso.
But some of those just went on there.
They'll start moving.
Or else.
Twenty to la what a QA.
Nobody wants to talk or even think about cancer, heart disease,
all these grotesque diseases that the Lord gave to us.
But it's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment
if you detect it early.
That's why strongly and enthusiastically recommend you do what I did a few weeks ago.
Go over to Hollywood Diagnostic Center because they're proud to announce their
virtual colonoscopy, their coronary heart screary and full body's screening exams
that can detect cancer, other life threatening diseases in their early stages before it's too late.
For all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostics at 9.5.4.
9.6.6.3600 for the test that can give you and your family real peace of mind.
And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer you a state of the art imaging equipment.
They have open MRI, high speed cat skin, nuclear medicine and much more.
So instead of just hoping for the best, find out what's really going on inside your body,
especially if you have a genetic predisposition to heart disease, lung disease,
all of these things, maybe you're heavy-smoker and you're worried about those lungs.
This is an amazing test that the full body scan, you really ought to be doing it.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving in community for over 20 years.
Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center, it could be a life saving call for that imaging exam today,
call 9.5.4.9.6.3600.
That's 9.5.4.9.6.6.3600.
I am a...
The price lifted, shifted higher than the ceiling.
The new way it's the crunch we're feeling.
Got the fist off, feeling so ripped off.
Got the fist off, feeling so ripped off.
Got the fist off, feeling so ripped off.
I'm a girl who do a tank that you dry.
Got the fist off, feeling so ripped off.
Everywhere you go, where you at, oh look.
Cause every gallon seems to be ever too much.
Sure, it's a good money for our economy.
But it really like taxing us all the day.
Clean as you might ask you.
It's a brand to be cheap.
Yes, I'm out of only color tones of electricity.
Don't wait, oh, people make it a state more.
It's really George Bush trying to pay for more.
Every motorist is voice and objection.
Who we could hurt, Bush's reelection.
Got the fist off, feeling so ripped off.
Got the fist off, feeling so ripped off.
Got the fist off, feeling so ripped off.
Got the fist off, feeling so ripped off.
I parked my finger to the president, you guys.
That's how the price of gas got high.
So let me tell you, Eric, I was down here in his chaos.
And you were bugging me with that thing about,
well, who you want it to be?
I had to be the curtain today and we were really pissed off.
You believe us?
No.
No, not really.
That sounds good though, doesn't it?
That's pretty good.
So look what George got in the mail.
Actually, I got it, but I passed it right over
because my teeth are just fine.
Okay, and I want, I don't want to bunch of really sparkling white teeth
because if they're too white, it was fake.
Why?
No, I need to take the dinge off of mine.
Yeah.
Well, in your case it might make a difference.
It might not make no difference.
I'm just a dottering old man and old letch.
But in your case, I mean, you know, once you start running around again,
next weekend, what's it start?
Yeah, once you continue running around this weekend.
So that's one of those dental, it's got all kinds of tubes that you've got to,
what are all those syringes in there?
Shh.
No, seriously, it's got a whole bunch of syringes.
What is that that I did with the tooth wipe?
That's the, that's the goop that you stick into the like,
it looks like the mouth guards that football players wear.
Yeah.
So you spade your like a goop into the, into the mouth guards and then you chomp on it.
Yeah.
And what is that, what does that do?
Make like a bridge?
Yeah, what do you got?
What do you got?
What do you got?
What do you got?
I just, keep that on there and it like,
you can sit over there and hope you don't need to show anything for two.
Two hours.
You can't get it off.
What if you can't, like, when they put that on,
like, when they put it on.
I can only get it off.
I know you can't get it off.
I know you can't get it off.
Dennis, they have to.
Yeah.
But that's what Anna Maria told me.
Oh, and so anyway, if, here's the story that I was searching for before,
Michael Moore admitted Sunday that his Fahrenheit 9-11 still doesn't have a distributor.
Maybe sometime, see, and look at this, chopped off on the edge.
I hate these stories.
And I did this one.
Maybe some distributors are afraid of the film,
but if I have the film, must be open in the US and it will be for the election.
George W. Bush has to be removed from office, he declared.
And he, of course, is, as usual, absolutely correct.
From the beginning, there was pressure to try to,
I can't read this.
It's all chopped off.
Harvey Weinstein and Miramax agreed to distribute the film,
but on April 23rd, Disney Senior VP of Production, Brad Epstein,
viewed the picture reported back to his head,
and it'll be out.
Don't panic, okay?
He said we decided that we're not going to leave it up to Democrats and
F it up again and lose it.
How do you like that?
The DVD released this targeted for October, which is plenty before the election,
and more so is he plans to include commentary and include info on the distribution.
I asked if people, if he was to tax on the administrations on patriotic, Michael Moore said,
I'm the most patriotic American who believes in the principles of his country,
yadi yadi.
And then it's all chopped off.
Sorry about that.
A lot of them think, hate that.
When a story gets to that, just like that thing,
that they keep faxing me over and over again from prison planet there,
from Alex Jones, and the one word is not there.
About the mystery Osama Yamama, the fat Osama video,
and who claimed that it was done by the, and then the word is left out.
Is it the CIA? Is it the FBI?
Is it the SPCA?
That's that new group, the SAP.
Maybe that's who done it, huh?
Yes, AP now.
I think the SAP done it.
83 for the Godfather, 62 bowling for Columbine,
50 for Star Wars, everybody else is lagging behind.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T line.
What movie had the greatest impact on your ass?
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm Neil, I'm not one for your poll.
Okay, sir.
You'll be that sector-metry man, I call it person, the gay E-Glover.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
From the Fear Poll.
Uh-huh.
Rekwynne for a Dream.
Rekwynne for a Dream is a fabulous, outstanding.
Can you give me a free of a couple of coffee?
Okay, I don't blame him.
And an update on the Michael Moore situation?
Yes.
A coffee warrant and a partner buying the rights from...
No, we know that was last week, but, you know...
Yeah.
Just get more publicity, that's all.
It'll be out.
All right, cool.
Thank you.
Just like Tom Cruise, it'll be out.
Whether it wants to or not.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless Line.
You know about Tom Cruise.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, a big Neil.
I got you right away.
That's amazing.
Hey, that's how it works, man.
Yeah, that's good.
We don't need any Pimp and the Intermediate Around the Show.
Hey, two things.
Uh, one movie for your full.
Oh, and by the way, Mo, quit putting that one from Little Evanna on here.
I get in a car this morning.
The first call I hear is one from Little Evanna.
And then all of a sudden, he's got some basketball expert on.
And he tells one, well, just to hang on a call back in the next segment.
Oh, Mo, no, one of you got no numbers.
I'm sorry. Go ahead.
And Joe Rose don't want Geli on the show.
Go ahead.
Free to rent.
Leaving Ralph Vegas, I couldn't have a drink for like a month after that movie.
Okay. Georgia's nodding his head very fairly enthusiastic.
That's powerful.
It was great.
Maybe he'll.
And second thing is, I know you can't play the Connolly the Rice.
That's for sure.
I never understood why they told you to take it off in the first place.
Because we got a bunch of cowards here.
But did they give you a certain reason and rates or whatever?
Yeah.
All of these things.
All of those things.
People with no sense of humor, people that are trying to impune our motives.
But we can't play this one now.
Revise, edit it, bleep, all of these things.
And maybe we'll later, but I doubt it.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Everybody is.
And keep in mind, they were as priceless as I was a year and a half ago.
So if you think they were nervous back then.
Oh, man, you ain't seen nothing yet.
In fact, now we can play.
That's it.
Yeah.
No, no, that's all we can play.
WQA, I'm hello.
How about how you doing?
Pretty good.
All right.
I'm going to move the Shawshank Redemption.
One of these days, I'm going to get around watching that.
Not thank you.
Everybody loves it.
They said it's very powerful.
One of them prison movies.
Kind of like the Abu Ghraib Jr.
It's adequate.
Adequate?
I don't have time.
Addica?
Addica.
Addica.
Well, now that movie must add a big impact on the freaking Carlos.
Look what happened to her.
Do they have to know?
In fact, I heard she's going in for the operation this afternoon.
Is what I heard.
Yeah, the operation that turns you into like a human being.
Not necessarily of any gender, just human being.
And then if it works out Carlos, then I know somebody else who might...
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
Okay, he's out there.
There's a lot of good stuff going on there.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this show sucks.
Great.
Okay, great.
WQM, hello.
QAM.
All right, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Great.
Great.
How about pink flamingos for your poll?
Okay.
And I want to say to you, sir,
a really great job in your absence and please keep up
for the bedtime stories.
Okay, thanks pal. I have a great day. Well, here you go
Speaking of bedtime stories. Here's one for you
Savannah, Joja two months after he surrendered to the army saying he preferred prison to fighting an oil driven war
US soldier who left his unit in Iraq faces a court martialist week on desertion charges
Staff Sergeant Camino Mejia 28 of the Florida National Guard could go to prison for a year and get a bad conduct
Discharge of convicted by a military jury of officers and listed soldiers
Colonel Gary W Smith a military judge at nearby Fort Stewart has scheduled a court martial to start Wednesday in last three days
Mejia of Miami Beach left his unit the first battalion
124th Infantry Regiment in Iraq last October on a two-week furlough to the US
He was gone for five months until he turned himself into the army in March saying his war experience made him decide to seek conscientious objective status
The desertion charging against Mejia is being treated separately from his application for objective status
Because he did not return to the army as ordered before filing a paperwork
They're totally separate actions at Lieutenant Colonel Cliff Kent a
Spokesman for it's a fort Stewart which is located about 30 miles south of Savannah
Mejia said he left the war in part because he was upset over seeing civilians killed
He said it was especially upset over an incident in which his unit was ambushed and civilians were hidden in the ensuing gunfire
And another in which he said an Iraqi boy died after confusion over which military doctors should treat him
He also claims he saw Iraqi prisoners treated with great cruelty when he was put in charge of
Processing detainees last May at all Assad and Iraqi air base occupied by US forces
And on and on of course well good luck to a senior he'll need it. Yeah
All these kids being sent over there to be slaughtered like cattle were approaching very rapidly the 800 number now
Yeah, and not to mention the thousands and thousands of wounded and not to mention the thousands of Iraqis
But then again, I forgot they don't count
They shouldn't have bombed us. Yeah, they would have just left us alone if they'd let stayed off those planes
If they'd equipped the consorting with Sodom all of those things that we say that they did and now we got this seren gas in that mustard plaster gas look out, baby
And I heard it wasn't French as after all it was a big poop on is what I heard yeah, okay
Glittins in fact in my hair yesterday was going through all of that crap in there
I found a coupon for my poop on in a herald and that's what they're old is good for if you have a dog
That's what there was good for poop on better changes subject. Why somebody might come in here. Oh, and have a difficult defecation in the programming orifice
1256 at 560 wq and what a was man what a simple little was spring into savings right now and save like never before on a great new car or truck
From Armstrong Toyota of homestead they're on US one 20 minutes south of the 836 and Armstrong Toyota of homestead is worth the drive because
You're gonna save so much cash thousands and zillions on great new Toyota's check out these great least deals an
04 camera year for winner just
269 a month for 48 months how about an 04 highlighters just to be on item up need to truck
How about an 04 Toyota tender the safest truck in America just
179 a month for 48 months
These are just some of the savings waiting right now for it Armstrong Toyota of homestead general manager
David rich wants you to come in because they'll do just about anything to get you a deal done and put you in a great new Toyota today
Their service departments even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your work done for you and then right
Easy to find them there on the corner of US one and 2.90 third street in a homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836
And they offer you a deal right now that's unheard of Armstrong Toyota of homestead offers you free tires free batteries and replacement parts for life
That's right. I'll say it again tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else nowhere does that
So forget about those mega car dealers and car giants who have all those screaming commercials in yellow and they call kinds of promises
Not with lights you down do the smart thing college e-m at Armstrong Toyota homestead David rich at 305 2 4 2 2 3 2 4
7 for an honest a goodness unbeatable deal
305 2 4 2 3 2 4 7
Drive a little and save a ton on that green new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
Just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
It was almost Saturday morning exactly
But nothing good prepare me when I knocked on Riley's door he was rising
He was grumpy and in fact need of a shape he was just about to put a cad into the microwave
I as he used the bathroom and he said he didn't care he was reading the sun
Sentinel in his own their way I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be
And there was a crucifix of Incrol and 18, right It consumers
I had jumped to mold alone
Jesus in
the ring
I wish John.
Yes, brother, Ricky, change my life up on that faithful day.
Cos by the time I washed my hands, I'd washed my sins away.
Now I learned to be intolerant, I've washed that Robertson.
And although for bad, you can't even hit me this and run.
I'll pretend you'd be a hipster.
But my liberal days are gone.
Because I found Jesus in my life's John.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm sure we can say that any more.
Can we say it?
No.
Too bad.
103 at 560 W.C.M.
We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog or two because the mad dog is, uh, he ain't here today.
That's all.
Don't ask any questions.
He just ain't here today.
Don't feel like it.
And nobody got a question to me.
You better believe it.
Now what those numbers they're not.
The, uh, Humper Henry Goldberg will be a chula at 447 and after that, it's a TV time.
Now I've been trying to tell you people for years, 4,000 reasons not to get on those cruise ships.
And nobody ever wants to believe me.
Every time you come around, here's another bunch of women getting raped on air or some horrendous thing going.
Or guess what?
Another fire is going on.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
That weren't no thing.
No.
A cruise ship with 158 people on board caught on fire by three miles south of Port Everglades yesterday afternoon.
Nobody was injured.
Thank the Lord.
Absolutely correct sir.
No good.
Fire broke out around 1230 in the engine room of the Sun Cruise Casino, which left a noon for a five-hour sale
according to US Coast Guard Petty Officer and Estesia Burns.
And Estesia Pet boonded that on dot records.
Yeah.
And then they start boon in the box.
Past your Bill Gomez of Oakman Park said the boat trip began on a Bentley and the ship's operators had just announced
10 minutes until the casino would open then boom!
There was a bang in black smoke.
Started to come out of the ship and we were dead in the water.
So to speak.
He sure knows how to turn a phrase.
Past years are moved to the upper part of the boat waiting for help to arrive.
Hellic up their news footage so people standing on the outdoor top deck of the ship wearing life vests.
Smoker flames were visible.
What a great vacation we had on the Sun Cruise Casino.
Some of the older people had problems getting around.
Maria Monkayo of West Palm said she fell and hurt her slightly.
Oi!
Her friend visiting from New York and Rea Kaya hurt her.
He both were fine walking a few hours later.
But I sure hope they find a good attorney real soon about the already had.
We couldn't breathe.
We were coughing and coughing.
Kaya said.
We'd die in over here.
The cause of the fire is unknown but investigation is planned.
Yadi yadi yadi.
Why do you go on these cruise ships?
What's wrong?
Are you people crazy or what?
Man.
Cambling.
What a...
We're gambling what?
You gotta go on a cruise ship to gamble.
Go over there to the end of the year.
You're telling me.
They got those make-believe slot machines.
Speaking of that.
Yeah.
Now I'm assuming that that hard rock...
...in...
...or whatever it's called.
The hard rock hotel.
That's the casino, right?
I assume.
I haven't heard it.
My friend Ken took me home yesterday in the limo yesterday morning.
We went by there.
That place you couldn't...
You couldn't have found a parking spot for $5 million.
I mean it was just jammed up.
Walled a wall man.
We'll get for them.
Leave it to the Indians.
They know how to do it.
Kind of like the mafia.
I'm not comparing Indians with the mafia.
But I'm just saying.
Whatever the peasant of auntie of the church won't give you.
Right.
Then they'll give it to you.
They won't.
They want it.
They want their gambling.
They want their booze.
They want their sex.
They want their all of these things.
All of the things that the mob provides.
They want it.
A lot of money in that white powder.
Sugar.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 560.
Audi AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Is it here?
Yeah, bad voice.
Bad Foney voice, sir.
WQAM.
Hello.
I'll talk to you now.
Speaking.
I got one for the poll.
Okay.
My decision would be American Beauty.
American Beauty.
Change your life.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He gave me hope.
I was a kid.
He drank.
I was surprised.
They left out one of the 80s former rappers in their radio personality.
Yeah.
Cool MoD.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah.
That's Sir Ringe.
That came in the thing.
Right.
That's just the applicator tube, of course.
That's the water.
But you want to avoid that, man.
And because I tried it, my teeth, I woke up the next day.
It was a nice, gradient yellow from left to right.
All right.
It looked like one of those meters.
You glow in the dark in oyster charge.
God bless your brother.
Thanks, Pally.
That's the applicator tube.
Yeah.
Just tell Rosh to.
Yeah.
Stick it, Rosh.
And by the way, pop another one for us.
You idiot.
You fat lion sack of crap.
You pill pop in Foney.
Hippocrate.
He's a pill chewing Foney.
I see.
Well, chew on this.
What movie had the greatest impact on you?
Godfather 88.
Bowling for Columbine 67.
Star Wars 55.
How sad.
Jaws 39.
Debbie D'Sdallas 26.
Now we're talking.
Apocalypse Now 21.
Fast Times at Ridgemont High 20.
Network 19 should be much harder than that.
But they don't get it.
They understand.
No, they don't.
Yeah, we've been over this.
Shimbler's list 18.
The exorcist 18.
Scarface 16.
Well, see, I know we've been over, but I keep saying it just in hopes that I'll insult them
into watching it again and down.
I know.
Alien 12.
I don't know.
Why is that?
I have no idea.
When that thing popped out, is that what did it pull?
That must have been.
I always like Charlie.
We were better in Sigourney.
We were anyway.
Psycho 8.
The past of the Christ 8.
It's killing fields 8.
Easy Rider 6.
Bambee.
Oh, Bambee, please come home.
5.
Silence of Lambs 4.
Midnight Express 4.
Let's all go take a shower.
The penis 3.
Rosemary's Baby 3.
Last temptation to Christ appear.
And the rest of these have got like, like, like, you're actually in for dreams something out one.
Magnolia's got the big-
Oh, no!
See, they're just trying to suck up to you.
That's all.
Oh, yeah, that's new.
That's why they're not voting for it.
Oh, look at that ball hit a geek.
Keep telling them if he'd shave his head.
Maybe you'd like to give him the applicator tube and see where he...
Have several.
Yeah, where he'd like to insert it.
5.670560...
560 on the AT&T line.
WQA, hello.
Yes, I got thumb for the pole.
Yes, sir.
Someone suggested Matrix that earlier, so I'm going to say contact.
Contact?
Yes.
Had the greatest impact on your life.
Well, it made me...
It gave me hope.
Okay.
And to Lush, I have no life.
Go ahead.
Keep up here on those grapefruit.
Okay, thank you.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T.
Keep peeling them fruits, Rush.
Nine minutes after one at 5.60 WQA.
You know, VOOM is TV, but it says it's regular TV.
Anybody can see that.
It's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver.
The picture is so dang superior to regular TV.
You almost won't believe it.
The quality is like comparing the latest DVD to an old blurry,
a kinescope from the early days of television.
VOOM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV specifically.
VOOM's got the most HD TV anywhere, and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience, including satellite dish,
HD receiver and remote as well.
And VOOM's got over 30 channels of HD programming.
You can watch ESPN and high definition.
That's three times more than you get from cable.
And they got all your other favorite channels too, like HD...
Oh!
MTV, even your local local channels too.
VOOM has got over 120 channels of great entertainment.
VOOM's even got exclusive channels of HD movies, music, and sports that are not available on your cable or satellite.
So with VOOM you get everything you got now, plus all these awesome high definition channels,
what could possibly be not to like?
Call VOOM today for a limited time offer, which offers you free installation, no upfront cost, and no long term commitment.
Call 1-866-848-8666, but you better do it real soon because the offer ends May 31.
That's 1-866-848-8666, or check them out online at VOOM.com.
And online at VOOM.
This is sports radio licensing.
You AM.
FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
Ah!
So sure find food, what detail you FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
Lies that we provide you on truth to step!
FOOSTEP!
If your composing, you're not no adult with me.
FOOSTEP!
Just watch your underwater and do the unveiling.
FOOSTEP!
I'll tell you what to eat.
FOOSTEP!
Your mind takes to you to step.
FOOSTEP!
A whole FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
You perversive Lord FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
My when you pump gas in your car FOOSTEP!
You no longer have a mind of your own.
You don't even have a heart with a knife.
You don't even have a knife.
You're not a dog.
You're not a dog.
You no longer have a mind of your own.
FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
You're not a adult with me.
FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
FOOSTEP!
I'm listening.
115 at 560 WQM Earle says the Olman very haunting.
8.
He's haunted by the Olman.
That was good.
That's another one I should have quit right after the first one.
No more sequels please.
Let's see, American History X is a J-Lion who's becoming really chronic now.
Yeah, good choice.
American History X says the dinner speech made me think that this country is almost hopeless but made me think.
Almost hopeless.
What do you mean almost?
I'm sorry.
It's interesting these polls now, and I know that Keri supposedly has five points ahead.
It's not that all those people who want to vote for Keri, they want to vote against Bush.
That's it.
Just think what a real candidate would judge.
I'd say 70-80.
Yeah.
Percent.
But maybe we just want to make it exciting.
You think that might be what it is?
Or maybe it's just an aptitude.
Oh, for a second or a scared of Hellamayah, I thought we had another button that was like deleted there.
Yeah, what's that all about?
See, to reprogram the button, you put something else in.
It takes a deliberate act to erase.
You have to hit a sign preset.
Right.
And then hit nothing.
Right.
So you have in order to erase something, you have to do it like deliberately.
Right.
So somebody's been in here, poaching around.
And they carefully retitude that the middle level of management has in this place.
It's pathetic.
It's embarrassing to me.
See, it's one thing when I'm up there, and I don't have to see them face-to-face.
But to see the kind of wishy-washy Nambi Pambi,
Oh, gee, I don't think I did that.
That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, you know.
What is that?
What's it got to do with sports?
Oh, I forgot about that.
I know what Duff needs.
You cannot talk to men!
What do I want to do?
Yeah.
Slap into a push.
Go ahead, Boka.
Boka Brand is going to go in Duff's office right on slap on the side of that.
And when he's finished doing that, he's going to go in to a clearest's office and slap him.
Slap him silly.
Silly or ne'already is.
Most influential film says Phil and Mudgate, the Blair Witch Project.
And I see him put that on there because I boy-cutted the movie theater.
See, I didn't ask.
That's not the question the most influential film.
And to show you how Phil is losing it fast in Margate,
he says, uh, can you play?
Still play?
We are the F.A.G.
And the answer to your course is, not a chance, not even close.
In fact, I'm wondering, is there any, let's see, one moment.
It's under the, the, uh, here it is.
Here's how much you're making play, Phil.
And Mudgate and all the ships that see.
Yeah.
That's it.
Yeah.
We almost got a vocal there.
No, well, I could have played a little of that too, but then it starts, you know.
I don't want to get back to the thing when I rhinestone cowboy again, you know.
I just drove Brian from the roof.
Did you?
Seren Gass.
I saw him run out there.
I thought he was going to go slap.
Oh, George, he's meeting his own Seren Gass.
Wow, wow, wow.
It's a weapon of ass destruction.
Holy moly.
NBC blocking use of Bush TV footage for film critical of war in Iraq.
How do you like this?
All the censorship all the time.
Yesterday, NBC, the, uh, whole of rolling coal and power people over there in the Middle East,
are pushing the camera over.
So we see a bunch of palm trees.
And now NBC is using its copyright protection to deny an award-winning filmmaker,
access of a recent appearance by President Bush on Meet the Press, possibly because then it
where he's trying to protect the president politically.
He stands for law professor said today.
Lawrence Lessig testified before a House Representative subcommittee on proposed revisions in a copyright law
said the network refused to allow the inclusion of a one-minute clip from Tim Russell's oral office interview
with a president on February 8th in an upcoming film on the war in Iraq.
The footage was requested by a film director and producer Robert Greenwald,
who last year produced an award-winning documentary about the Iraq war uncovered,
in which CIA, Pentagon and Foreign Service experts detailed the lies, misstatements,
and exaggerations by the Bush administration that led to the U.S. invasion more than a year ago.
Cinema Libre distribution intends to distribute a new life theater version of the film uncovered the war in Iraq.
In preparing the extended version of the film, Greenwald wanted to include a woman in a clip from NBC's Meet the Press interview
unless he told the subcommittee on commerce, trade, and consumer protection, Greenwald was denied permission.
The agent informing Greenwald's identity decision stated,
unofficially, we don't think it makes the president look good.
Bush appeared poorly prepared uncertain as the response to Russia's question about the war,
which now is claimed almost 800 American lives, Johnny O'Neil, but NBC refused to allow any of the footage
to be released and thus said Lessig put anyone using excerpts from the show under the fear-use doctrine at legal risk.
How do you like that? That's the strip is everyone. What a surprise.
Yeah, what a shock. Oh, make some look bad, can't use it, can't do that.
What a bunch of suck holes. They better not let him out anymore then.
Better not let him speak. Right, make some look bad.
Mike W says the yearling, the original, not the crappy remake, the yearling.
Okay, first saw on Sunday afternoon when I was a kid with only black and white TV,
watched it over and over and color as it grown up, I laughed, I cried, it became a part of me, the yearling.
Why? Jesus, horse and a rat. The yearling. There's about a deer anyway.
It was? Yeah. Oh, well in that case, what movie had the greatest impact on you?
That's the question. It's not, it's not the, which one was the most scary,
not which one you hated the most and made you walk out like a fill in mug gave who needs mental help.
Keith and Vocus says, old Yeller. Now you know how long that vein, yeah.
A constant theme that seems to be going around with these movies, real tear jerkers.
Oh, Bambi, oh lassie, come home, oh, oh, Yeller, all of that.
I mean, I miss my dogs, but I'll survive.
Will you? Somehow? Somehow. Some way. They were fine, you know, but life goes on.
Why'd you get a new dog meal? No. Let's see, somebody here at Todd says,
Todd with a very interesting name, saving private Ryan. Okay.
Yeah, get the gas mask out. I lit that. George is dropping the old Syrian gas.
Oh, look at that. Judy Woodruff. Game marriages today. They're getting married like crazy in the Massachusetts.
Wait till they find that Miss Drudge is up there with David Brock. That'll be a real, that'll be a scandal.
Saving private Ryan, the first 20 minutes storming the beach in Normandy, make you appreciate what that's an estimated for all who follow them in this country.
Saving private Ryan. Got it. Saving Ryan's private. Good movie.
Sawed about 100 years ago. That's old. Tom Hanks. You know, like I said, I saw it.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Tom Hanks, who the good news is he's aging very rapidly.
Have you seen him lately? He's catching up with it. He looks like he's about 90.
So, I mean, I thought we wish him any ill or anything like that.
Like Fatboy, who's we hope is playing crashes on the way up to near Buffalo. So he's alright.
In fact, with him on it, who's alright? Fatboy. Based on what? Based on the QAM curve.
He's alright. Hi, Fowley. No, he's not. That ambush he put into this morning.
Oh, all this other stuff going on? He didn't Eric acted up with that beaded curtain girl like some kind of an emotional cripple up there in Orlando.
When you grow up already, Eric, does everybody have to hold your hand to do the most simple little things by God?
I hear that his Japanese wife even asked to hold his hand while he's got the chopsticks, eat the sushi.
That's what I heard. He's got to hold it with chopsticks.
What movie had the... What a thought. What movie had the greatest impact on you? Godfather 91.
Bowling for Columbine 72. And by the way, Joe Rose don't want Geltie on his show, okay?
I hope Geltie's listening. I hope that everybody passes the information along to you, okay?
Quit trying to suck up with Joe Rose to extricate yourself from the most show. You know what I'm talking about?
Absolutely.
I bet you do.
I mean, you talk about a despot. He is just desperate to get off of that show, which is why when I saw the two of them come out of that downstairs door this morning in a lip lock, I couldn't believe it.
So maybe he's just like, you know, moving back in now. Step back in.
Yeah. Yeah.
Because maybe the rumor got out that Joe Rose don't want any part of him.
Joe's doing great. Joe doesn't need any assistant for a two hour show. You don't need a sidekick to do a two hour show, okay?
May dogs on two hours? Does he have a sidekick? No.
No.
Who else do we got? That there's a... A two hour show?
A two hour show? Yeah. Nobody else.
Hey, he's not only three hours. Does he have a sidekick? No.
I'm on four hours. Do I have a sidekick? No. No.
Well, any case on sometimes five hours until we hours in the morning till every last ball has been batted. Does he have a sidekick? No.
So what does Joe Rose need a sidekick? He's doing just fine. He's kicking ass.
And once again, Greg Reed using Barry Jack as his mouthpiece.
All this other crap.
Putting out all these fevers. He was doing the test balloons. He just won't leave it alone.
Having you mess things up already, we just had a great book.
Okay, so Moe is all these people don't like him. He puts Juan from...
See, if I'm going to interfere, that's what I would interfere in.
I'd sit him down and say, listen, you dottering old man and quits squeezing the bag.
Listen, you silly old cout. Quit putting those regular colors on there.
That's the kind of middle level management we need in this place.
Some of the people... Somebody to teach someone else something about radio, about talk radio.
The only problem is here, we don't have anybody working here and knows anything about talk radio and management.
From the top down, they wouldn't know talk radio if you're stuck that up there ass.
If there were gurgling sounds coming from their prostate, they still wouldn't know what it was. I'm telling you.
If they had Pharrell making gurgling sounds inside their rectum, they wouldn't know what the hell it was.
Yeah.
And they're going to sit people down and say, you know, you're putting the audience this down one here.
I mean, we could write a room at the holiday inn and just have a little group of hangers on there.
I'm serious, I get into the car, I'm coming to work this morning.
There's the first call in addition to which you can't complain about Moe's show because he didn't have a show anymore.
Absolutely.
All they do is him and Gildy, all they do in spots. That's all they do.
Oh, I might listen to that.
That's all they do is spots.
He had some schmuck on talking about basketball, the NBA, and that was it.
And then he had won from a little of Anna for a minute and a half and cut him short because he had this very important caller guest on the phone.
That was it.
In a half an hour, the rest was all spots.
Nobody wants to hear freaking won from a little of Anna except won from a little of Anna. He's another jackass that wants to go to his own voice. He's an idiot.
He's a moron.
Absolutely.
Yeah. So quit putting them on and then say, would mark the jet span.
Absolutely.
And all these other chronic, nobody wants the air chronic regular callers. It's a kiss of death.
And we don't want to hear Richie. We just want to see him with some sandwich.
Right. We don't want to hear no Richie from Bore's head.
Absolutely.
Just bring in a free meat, okay?
We want Richie to bring in his meat but not the no phone calls.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM, you know, buying a mattress can be a real pain in the ass.
So many brands, different model names at every store. It's almost impossible to compare.
And then of course you tap that off at all those phony sales, phony promises, and strings attached and you really have to redefine print.
This is why dollar mattresses such a much higher, such a breath of fresh air.
It's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress when you call 1-800 mattress. You get the best prices on the best brands with your delivery on your schedule when it's convenient for you.
And the best customer service in the universe, why would you want to shop any place else unless you're a moron?
Dollar mattress 1, the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch Award for Excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before, during, and even after the sale.
When you call 1-800 mattress, talk to one of their expert betting consultants. You can rest assured, you can bet Grace's life on it. You get the best possible mattress anywhere.
Just to make complete line, silly, sirda, Simmons, King Coil, Temporpedec, even Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
Dollar mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kendall Stewart, Palm Beach to Fort Myers, and everything in between.
Call 1-800 mattress right now, and then you pick the date into our delivery window. You want that mattress delivered. They have an on-time record of 99.7%. You can't beat that.
Every time my mattress is worn out, and like yours, just make that one simple call, and it's the only way to do it.
Call 1-800 mattress or log on to their website mattress.com.
1-800 MATTRES, the easiest, smartest way to get to a great night's sleep.
Slide in local, your sports radio 560, you a-a-a-a-a.
On the History Channel, the year is 1968. Young men across America are ordered to serve their country and be a nom.
Starting tonight, the History Channel takes a historical and hysterical look back, as they reported to the draft board.
Alright, listen up. When I call your name, step forward to be sworn in. Richard Shaning.
Here. Are you ready to serve your country son? Sorry pal, I got better things to do. Except this check is a token of my gratitude.
Oh, okay, who's next? Uh, Rush. This is real name. Limbaugh.
T-T-T-T-He-He! Rush is the name, but you might know me as Jim Christie on KUGL.
Kudal has noodles and hits. Here's a white boy with a questionable name.
B.J. Thomas. He-He!
Are you ready to serve your country boy? Let me tell you this, my friend.
I'm one tough talking college dropout that churches my god, David Wright, are defended with my mouth.
Now, will you excuse me?
You don't have to be here. No! No! Don't touch me!
I already know what I'm saying. There's a boy over here. It's so big. I even named him a theater.
In his skirts. Oh, I hate killers.
I have two kids since you know what? I am a drug-advanced human link.
No! No! No! No! No!
133 at 5.60 W.A.M. Curtis Davidson from the Mad Dog at 2.
Now, it's really interesting because Dave the cop who just won't cut the crap.
He writes, Influential Question Mark at the Manchurian candidate. Now, that's a good choice.
Indeed. Great movie. It had big of a-but, but where did the word influential come from?
Maybe I'm not reading the question often enough. Is that possible?
No. It doesn't matter.
What movie had the greatest impact on you?
Now, what is the most influential movie that changed the world or the way we think or life in general?
What movie had the greatest impact on you? That's not complicated, is it? Is it-
Oh, I'm sorry.
Godfather 96, bowling for Columbine 72, Star Wars 59, JAWS 45.
In fact, I think we can kill an extra hour to show every day if I just spend the first hour explaining the poll question.
Still won't help.
No, but it'll kill some time. Oh, good, good, good.
JAWS 45, Debbie does Dallas and Deerfield and Del Rey 28.
Apocalypse Now 27, Network 26, Shinver's List 25, the Exorcist 24,
Fast Times, Iveridge, Mont-Hai 23.
The deer 119, Scarface 16, Alien, Alien.
A dozen.
Alien, maybe that's what they think we're saying, Alien.
Avean.
No, Alien. Poor little alienito. Is he getting his happy meal?
The pack to the Christ 10, Psycho 8.
Let me say it again. I mentioned it on the ear. The Castro, what I did mention. I'll mention it again.
I actually made himself look good, which is almost impossible.
I'm watching those clips and I'm thinking to myself, when it has to be Fidel Castro,
who's conducting this forced and nevertheless rally.
Oh, when you have all that good material, the presence of Adolf Bush with the mustache
and the swastikers and about the fascism in America is exporting all over the world right now.
And unfortunately, I have to say Fidel.
Absolutely correct sir.
How sad, yeah.
Mike in Melbourne says I was watching CNN headline news, the certainly not news,
Nazi network this weekend.
Actually referred to Michael Moore as a muck-raking filmmaker, Michael Moore.
Of course, it would have been just as easy for them to refer to him as a ward-winning filmmaker
or a critically acclaimed filmmaker, but that wouldn't fit in with the agenda.
Just like when Ralph Nader said the Bush regime and Wolf Blitzkrieg,
ah, his head start spinning around like Linda Blair.
Oh, he knows what that word means.
Yeah, yeah. The regime.
Greg and Sunrise says three days of the condor really creeped me out three days of the condom.
I've totally distrusted my government ever since.
Oh, I saw an ad for Seattle's again last night.
And I want to say it again, Michael Moore and all you other hypocrites on the FC and C.
You fully bastard you Michael Moore.
What?
You said Michael Moore.
Michael Moore what?
You said Michael Moore that, Michael Powell.
I knew I'm talking about, okay.
Michael Moore, Michael Powell, Michael Douglas, Michael Michael Motorcycle, okay?
Michael Lang, just got the crap.
Quit nitpicking.
This, this, this, the Alice spot which ran during the Super Bowl more than once
as a matter of fact, about all if you have an erection it lasts more than four hours.
Better call your doctor me.
Four hour erections they're talking about on a Super Bowl.
Nobody bed in the eye lash.
That in fact, Michael Powell's probably got a, he's probably got a whole closet full of, uh, C.
Ellis right now.
If you want to go see Alice, he's probably a Michael Powell's house hiding in the closet.
You know, Alice, not personally at the palace.
But of course Janet Jackson's booby, all of this crap that's going on out there,
we've had to live through these past few months, but we can't say squat on the air much less do it.
Because of one alleged booby.
Oh my god, all of a sudden, dude, just an excuse.
It was the same thing.
That was to what they're doing now, just exactly what 9-11 was used to, uh, stir up the, uh, the, uh, rack attack.
Although obviously 9-11, you know, I'm not comparing the two incidents,
but nevertheless just used as an excuse for aberrant, unacceptable acts.
That's their favorite line of, that the pattern of behavior, their SOP.
Oh, I'm sorry, their SO, right.
Here's the facts from Steve who says long time, listen, their first time facts are caller.
Well, that speaks well for your mental health, Steve.
I was a senior in high school in 72, 73, like most students didn't have a clue about current affairs.
And at the time, Watergate blew right by me until I saw all the president's men.
That film had a profound effect on my life.
It was probably instrumental developing my flaming liberal leanings now politically.
That goodness, Steve.
And don't forget, vote early and often, okay, for whoever this other guy is.
Just, in fact, I think if we just say, you know, the other guy, right, sure, let's pretend it's right.
This is as long as they know it's not neither, dotting old fool, the other dotting old clown.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations on your WQAM, hello.
Not there.
QAM, hello.
Greetings.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I caught that last fact.
It's nice that he was moved in 72, but all the president's been.
The movie, he's in Comatville, 76.
Yeah.
So 70s is a wild time.
I wanted to bring a quote to your attention.
Lover or eight are you going to have a hopping to make a comment about the election?
That, you know, carry may not be the despotable candidate, but when your house is burning down, you don't argue about redecorating.
Right.
It's the matter of getting pushed the hell out of there.
Yeah, we hit that stir on our website.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry I put her columns under all the time.
You know that Manterian candidate is coming out this summer, they're remaking it, right?
Uh-oh.
Yes.
Denzel, Washington is in the Frank Sinatra role.
Well, they look alike.
Oh, it's the center.
Merrill Street is playing the mother of the, what's her name?
Mrs. You know, the mother, the evil mother.
The mother.
The evil mother.
If you remember, leave Shriver, leave Shriver, it's playing the Lawrence Harvey role.
Great.
So it should be, I think your Piquiri isn't it, too.
Who?
I said it's going to be great.
Let's hope so.
Have a great day, Palli.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks for the good news.
5670560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Christian Rockstar said for Brittany, a Grammy award winning Christian Rockstar,
preaches a message of abstinence from section till merit says, she feels sorry for Pope Prince's Brittany Spears,
who wants fame, who herself wants famously vowed to be a virgin until she wed.
Rebecca St. James, a star of the West Christian music scene, said she was disappointed at role models
from the world of music and movies such as Spheres, led youngsters astray with their message of anything
goes if it feels good, do it.
The biggest thing I feel for Brittany is I feel sad for her, she told Reuters, in an interview on Saturday.
I also feel sad for the nine or ten-year-olds watching her receive a dressing in a very promiscuous fashion,
almost asking for people to treat her as a sex object.
Oh, you know who else they're really pissed off at too now?
Who?
Your girlfriend Jessica.
Because she came out with these edible La Body Lociens and...
Yeah, she's a slut.
Yeah.
I do like that.
They're saying she doesn't realize that the only people stupid enough to be her fans are like ten and eleven-twelve years old.
So who is that bitch you were just reading about?
This bitch, I never heard of her.
I never heard of her.
This is a Christian Rockstar, Rebecca St. James.
Never heard of her.
A star of the US Christian music.
It's a kind of judging.
You better get with your Christian music and get with Lord, Mr.
You better not be judging her.
Just your gun burn in hell.
No, not.
You're gonna open up them Gates of Hell, man.
And I'll tell you when you're reunited with Greg Readney, I hope the two of you have one hell of a good conversation.
I'm gonna be seated on the left hand.
Before and that expression.
Yeah.
Man.
The Gates of Hell are opening wide for all of us and boy, what a party we're gonna have.
Oh!
Yeah.
All you goody-two shoes up there kissing God's ass, that's gonna be really boring after the first fight.
I'm gonna get a little bit more than $500 years.
After all those first 50,000 hell marries it's gonna get a little bit as Casey would say,
Ponderous man.
BAH!
Being Ponderous.
141 at 560 WQM if you're a low carb diner coming along too good.
Maybe some of the products you're buying are not with.
In fact, there was a big article in one of the Toronto papers coming to find out that many of the low carb products on the market, they checked them out and they're not there what they appear to be or claim to be.
That's why you love the Lines of Westboker because they've got all kinds of great things that legitimately are geared toward losing the most possible weight.
Not just cutting back on carbs, but the lowest possible carbs anywhere.
I was in Walgreens last night and they have all these now, eight million different kinds of these supposed little carb bars.
There was a little bar about the half the size of a Snickers bar.
You know how many carbs it had?
About 30.
49.
49.
Anyway, the Lines of Westboker's got over a thousand products with a focus toward the lowest carbs possible that can fit into your Atkins, Sugarbust, your South Beach or any low carb weight loss plan.
The spring sale is in full swing right now, Delights.
So stop by by their staff knows low carb dining inside and out for real and they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
This is a story you're going to love because it'll give you a variety, give you something with some taste.
Delights of Westboker, they're on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to it, a Boston Market, column tool free at 1-877 Low Carb that's L-O-W-C-A-R-B, you're on the Web at SlowCarb.com.
Delights of Westboker really is your official Atkins retail center.
My My My My My My My Lookalve, this is 4.256-E-Way-Can-Way.
This is a bitch.
Hey, you, I'll bet you, God won't be coming to get you.
Oi, people take us to anyone, only good, Christian sheep and all heaps.
Start nagging on the Bible and change your body to a Republican Jew.
I'll present you now where he has a rapture.
No pants on, you're gonna hear after that.
He takes all your clothes off because of heaven you may gain.
Not much to do with them, don't go cute, talk cable, give me, give me.
You get weak like an angel and lead up a judge of warning as you do.
I'll present it on when he has a rapture.
Oi, with all pants on, keep the hear after.
Absolutely.
Welcome to Heaven.
Yeah, what do I do now?
Well, I don't know.
You've got a magazine or something.
Yeah, but you have any wings.
Can I fly?
That's work that way.
Sorry.
It's a 147 at 560 WQM.
Curtis Stevenson from the Mad Dog at 2, Mad Dog screwing off today.
Humprat 4 from Shulestake 2 and following that, it's time to turn on that tube.
That applicator tube.
What is your, what movie had the greatest impact on you?
Not the most influential, not the movie that was the scariest, not the movie that was the most tear jerkin, what movie had the greatest impact on you?
WQA, hello.
Oh no.
Yes, sir.
I got a movie for your bowl.
Yes?
Keep the ball really good for me.
Okay, good.
Deep throw.
Put that on there.
He's serious.
Hopefully we can put Debbie to his Dallas.
It did it for him.
WQA, hello.
WQA, yes you are.
QA, hello.
Yes, Steve from Boyne.
Yes, Steve.
Got a movie for you.
Okay.
Who's the one who made that away?
Warmbating movie?
The bank robbers?
The bank robbers?
Yeah.
Oh, Bonnie and Clyde.
That was the bank robbers, yeah.
And also the car chase scene in the in bullet.
Intense.
Anyway, that's all I got then.
Oh, the good car chase scene.
It was intense.
Yeah.
Oh, that era movie too.
That was their film, the intense.
Lawrence or the radio.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Used to be able to say something else.
Intense.
They just don't get it.
I don't want to say that people are a little, you know, but they are.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Pink flamingos is my choice.
It's on there.
It's on there.
Don't feel bad, but it's on it.
Somebody be you too.
Absolutely divine.
Thank you.
Okay.
They had a great impact on me too.
Did it?
Yeah.
We can't talk about why.
Oh, okay.
Has it to do with a dog?
WQM, hello.
No, that was a magnolia.
QAM.
Hi, Neil.
I'm a movie for your pooh.
I mean, a happiness.
Yes.
Jeff Stryker's biggest fish.
Okay, great.
WQM, hello.
Neil, did anybody mention a clockwork orange?
No, they did not.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Your clockwork orange.
It's going to be sneak dead in before the end of the show, isn't it?
Got it.
I'm going to come out up for all these depraved porn movies with frickin' Jeff Stryker and all
these other illiterate gumballs.
Gumballs.
Good.
Golly is that gumballs.
Yeah, gumballs.
Goonball, gumballs.
I don't get how many day go, guinea, what gumballs?
Gumballs, come out of the woodwork.
Yeah.
There you go.
WQM, hello.
Hey.
Hey.
Good stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Forrest dump.
Yeah.
Forrest dump.
That was a good movie.
Okay, I believe you.
Okay, and that was a good movie.
Hey, it was not a good movie.
B, if that was the head of the movie.
I guess this guy hasn't seen too many movies in his life.
You know, maybe...
About third, man.
Maybe about five.
WQM, hello.
By far not the best movies, but influential in my life.
Inflatual in your life, yes?
I got two of them.
But why?
One will suffice.
Well, they're both good though.
They're too bad.
I think I need to want to...
Bless you.
You know what, it's like a bunch of little children who just refuse to behave.
Like going into a kindergarten.
Okay, children, stop rattling your spoons and making noise and farting in my face
and doing all of these things.
And they just refuse to do it.
And you don't even have kids, so let me tell you.
I'm right on.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Because they can pick anyone they want.
They can make any reason for what they want.
Or they don't even have to make a reason.
I mean, you know, it's so simple.
But they just, they've got their own agenda, man.
They just make it up as they go along.
Godfather's got an even 100.
I can start smelling it all the way in here.
What do I like about that?
The end says, yeah, you better burn that studio when I get out of here.
It burns.
Yeah, wait till Greg comes in about 10 minutes after I leave and burn it down.
Godfather 100, bowling for Columbine 74.
Star Wars 63.
Jaws 48.
Debbie Does Dallas has got?
About 30, man.
Shindler's list 28.
Now, which came out first?
Deep Thrower Jaws.
Apocalypse 927.
The excess is 26.
Network 26.
Fast times the original on high 26.
Oh, no question about it.
Right.
Yeah. And whenever I'm thinking about network, I think of fast times the original on high.
The same.
The deer 119, Scarface 17.
The Passion of the Christ 13.
Alien 12.
Killing Fields 8.
Psycho 8.
American Beauty 7.
Easy Roder 7.
American History X.
Six.
Bambi.
Please come home, Bambi 6.
Pink flamingo 6.
Minot Express 5.
Saving Private Ryan 5.
Doctors your logo for Requiem for Dreamforce.
I'm gonna sign this a lands 4.
The pianist 4.
I better take a look at the bottom here.
I'm gonna see if Magnolia's got even one.
Magnolia finally got one.
Thank you.
Somebody with good taste.
It's great.
I don't care what you say.
I just heard just a hard ask.
It's definitely a must see and we'll have a great impact.
The Frogs had a great impact.
The Frogs had a big impact on his windshield.
And also on what's his name?
I don't know the name of the guy to play the game shows.
I don't know what his name is.
Right, I forget.
And had a big impact on him as a matter of fact.
Oh geez.
Well you may have had a great impact on the concrete.
Right.
And not quite so much of an impact on the bartender.
152 at 560 WQM if your carpets need an impact as in a cleaning job.
Here's the answer for you.
Drag concepts the best in the world.
If you want to show I saw Guy Namal the other day.
Shlip in equipment.
You know these guys that go to the supermarket.
They slip all this heavy equipment to go home.
They can't do that.
They can't do that.
They're clean their own carpets.
You've got to be crazy.
All you're gonna do is make a mess.
You're gonna schmutz up your floor.
If you want your carpets looking brand new and stay in that way for a long time.
Drag concepts is the way to go because they dry clean your carpets.
And they have only certified trained technicians who know what they're doing as opposed to you.
And when they're finished your carpets look like brand new.
They smell emity fresh.
They're vibrant and color soft to the touch.
They're drying a couple of hours and you'll say,
this is a miracle right on my floor.
They also have an unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and area rugs and a reedle rugs and drape your poultry all of these things.
So do what I've been doing for over 20 years.
Trust the people who are the best in the world and who give you.
A written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job.
No ripoffs, no scams at the end.
Drag concepts.
And at the present time they're often new special deal too.
When you call drag concepts, ask them which understand by a list which will save you an extra 15% on your next carpets cleaning job.
What's not to like?
Call them today toll free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Run the web at striconseps.com.
My life and law.
This is 4256-188.
You're way in, way in.
Hey, miss Fishy.
Can you show me how smart you are?
Sorry kid, not this time.
It's my time to go fishing with your uncle.
I go inside and hear your father calling you.
Care, Prano.
Let's go fishing.
The Florida fishing council encourages family togetherness.
This summer, take a loved one fishing.
I don't think I ever played that before.
Never heard it before.
He was just in here. Where did that come from?
That is miraculous. I don't think I never played that before.
Anyway, here's some more to add on it.
Glenn Jr. wants to know where his caddy shack.
Please add if you haven't already.
I'm so sorry.
Caddy shack.
Okay.
Had a big impact on him.
Again, they don't understand the question.
Here's one that says platoon.
Got it.
Platoon.
Yeah, I put it on there for Adam.
Adam Toren.
Or really?
Pokemon.
Hey, go on and sell something.
Adam, okay.
Quit sitting around the building. Listen to the show.
Oh, he's about as close as we got to human.
And that sales department.
Him and Troy.
Other than that.
Well, I see and skippity this morning.
That's that knee back several years.
Really? What a simple thing.
Let's see. One movie that although it was a comedy
had an impact on the way it looked at the government.
It's Dr. Strangelove.
I'm just going to pick that on there.
Not the whole.
And how I learned to stop worrying about the...
Yeah, Dr. Strangelove is good.
They know what it is.
And if they don't know what it is, then that's a screw.
What just happened to my pool on here?
Did you have it on there?
I don't have anything on here.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
No, I mean, I can't enter stuff and view the pool at the same time.
I just lost the whole dang thing on here.
I got the question.
I lost my pool.
Oh, no.
See how that went out.
I hate when that happens.
Oh, my God.
I got the question and no choices.
Brian's running in there with magnifying glass to help you find it.
Okay.
Oh, seriously, I never had that happen before.
How is that possible?
Maybe Eric is having some problems, some issues again, you think?
That's possible.
That might be it, or maybe he's just rebelling against the fact that I ripped him and asked for that
in tempered behavior this morning about the beaten curtain and about bugging me about,
oh, pick one of these pictures.
Yeah, pick this.
I don't see nothing on there, Eric.
Okay.
Whoa!
Something's wrong with that, man.
I'm refreshing.
It's got the question.
It don't have no answers.
It's got no choices.
Anyway, here's the fact that it says, I know this will be dates me, but when I saw
to kill a mockingbird as a kid, it changed my life.
I went on to become a lawyer after I saw this movie and it's been a pretty good life.
It says, a Burton Boka.
Nice going to Burton Boka.
Not all lawyers are bad, but who knows?
In fact, I saw a clip from that the other day.
Still a mockingbird.
We went to the hotel and he said, you don't allow Jews, do you?
Where?
At some hotel.
Probably the Arthur Godfrey owned it.
I would think.
Anyway, that's going to do it.
Are you well on it?
Can you see any choices?
Well, it's again, I can't be in pole entry mode.
Yeah.
And pole viewing mode at the same time.
I see.
Can we still say that?
No.
Absolutely.
The pole entry mode is a history.
Curtis Stevenson is next to Humberett for this afternoon.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm feeling good.
