Oh!
Ow!
Ow!
Full of ammo, bolting box, we don't got no civil rights.
We are gated near and parked with no wet and warrant sight.
Look at Pusha and Jamie's smile when they both should be a child!
We cannot receive where are you?
We believe, or pretend to be,
embrace religious trust, what am I seeing?
But you see, a drug carry, look to my slight friend,
with a tiny tangent weight, our economy's in hot as the sunny cycle price.
If you pamphled or insurance, then just go ahead and die.
Now we have a new board, right led by a reddark Jesus Christ!
Please, and offer see where are you?
Oh my God!
It's 11.08 already.
What is your first show going fast today?
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
No pork belly.
You're like with Joe Rose and Hank and me foe and you foe and how are David?
I said the real power crack lineup.
1882 votes on yesterday's poll now that the election is over.
What I want most from the Elijah show is, that's our second poll today.
What do we do the first one yesterday?
Oh you want me to remember it yesterday?
I forgot already.
What I want most of the Elijah show is it's fine the way it is.
Just fine.
Oh we're fine.
Because the late edition report adds zoom to the top and that great that they're just
licky licky licky licky.
It feels so good.
591 votes.
One hands down.
31.4% of the audience say it's just fine right now.
Which is so that's really a blifting because generally speaking to some fold audience are very
you know, crotchety and moody and bellyic and the moody.
We don't like that.
Very hard to please but that's pretty good.
Back to fun and games 443 we'll give it our best shot even though we can't play into the fun stuff anymore.
We can't make any fart sounds.
We can do an occasional raspberry.
See that was like a real light one.
Right. More politics 203.
More politics.
Like what?
Did I mention air fart stead again?
But politics 201.
More crazy colors also 201.
Okay so how could that be?
So take a look at that.
More politics 203 and anything but politics 201.
So did we learn anything from this poll?
No but it was a great poll.
More bedtime stories 145 and bits of a gel's not too happy about that.
But what does he know he didn't like Magnolia?
He didn't say it.
No color is 51.
Fewer colors 18.
And the most amazing thing to me this is shocking.
No more bedtime stories.
These are the last two.
Only 16 and fewer bedtime stories only 13.
Only 20 out of not nearly 2000 people said enough with reading all this stuff on here huh?
Told me what?
That they're good.
Yeah but if the top two categories are it's fine.
Well the final way it is I read a lot of stuff.
That's right I'll back to fun and games.
I don't know. They're all over the place.
You can use those everybody all the time.
Okay we just do the best we can.
Right.
They're please a small slice you know.
Nothing like a small slice especially if it's carb free.
Wonder whatever happened to that joint.
Oh we got so many stories and so little time you know.
I do have a little time today.
Fucking just generally speak.
Oh so little time.
Sometimes I feel it.
Life is passing me by.
12 minutes after we're done already a first break.
How do you like that?
Thanks a lot how we enraub it and all of our good friends here in New York.
That's right.
Got this story from FMQB in New York post for anybody who missed the Stern Show.
And then those people who don't listen to the Stern Show.
And those who don't care anyway.
But they will care about this stuff because it's kind of interesting.
And who knows how it might affect the entire radio landscape.
And we got five copies of that story about private Ryan.
We got the saving private Ryan's story.
Okay I got about 80 different versions of it.
Which the best one is USA Today.
Which you don't have to keep passing it.
We got it.
In fact I'll use that one first just to try to make you understand.
I mean how could I miss a story that big?
I mean occasionally you can't get everything.
But you know give us a little bit of credit.
Okay not much.
Scouring the internet to bring you the very latest and greatest.
How about that Canton Harris story?
Oh boy what's that?
I don't know.
13 at 560 WQAM.
Are you expecting guests?
This Thanksgiving it's not the turkey that makes the meal special.
It's the people.
Make sure your guests leave this as comfortably as you do by calling dial
mattress our good close personal friends at 1-800-Matrus.
Those were the planned weeks in advance.
You just show up knocking on your door without warning like in that Huha movie.
You can get them just the right mattress on the very same day.
Now when you call 1-800-Matrus you'll save an additional 20% on select models
while supplies last.
And you can choose from the top names in the binnest because they've got them all.
See these service tenants, King Coral, Sterns, Vanana, and Foster.
And even Tempor Pedic.
When you call 1-800-Matrus you'll get same day delivery and like always you still pick the date and time for delivery.
Any two are willing to fit your schedule when you want them and they'll actually show up.
They're mighty proud they're 99.7 on time performance.
In fact, dial mattress is ranked number one in the world.
In customer satisfaction they're so good they will need 2004.
Better business bureau, local torch of excellence award.
Everybody around QA including yours truly has been using dial
mattress for a long time because you've got to be a fool to waste all that time money and effort
in the betting and departments stores and get ripped off.
When you can just sit there on your fat ass make that one easy call for you and your holiday guests to take care of them.
1-800-Matrus you can get more info on their great website, mattress.com.
But if you make that call right now they'll be nothing on your door whenever you want as soon as today.
1-800-MATT-R-E-F
1-800-MATT-R-E-F
We are Rogers Mortensenly Day and for some while the clock is for five six years.
Day is hailed.
How expand.
Hello, I'm John Kerry and when I'm president I'll make life better for all Americans including Dick Cheney's gay daughter Mary.
I will fight for your healthcare rights whether you're single, Perry or Gay like Dick Cheney's daughter Mary.
I will work to eliminate the deficit because taxpayers like Dick Cheney's gay daughter Mary deserve better and so on November 2nd make your preference clear and vote for me.
John Kerry.
I'm John Kerry and I approve Dick Cheney's gay daughter Mary.
Oh not that bull-dike daughter Mary that one.
That one I can search with and people at cores.
By the way, peak cores lost that election out there in Colorado for U.S. Senate and that's a good news.
There wasn't much good news for living and breathing people in IQ bigger than their thumbnail but that was one great piece of news because these are real rabbit right-wing piece of third peak cores.
And a moron on top of it.
You ever see him debate Salazar on TV?
No.
I mean when he came on and said to Tim Russy, I thought, wow, he must know Greg Reed.
Anyways 1118 at 560 WQAM. It's a great Thursday man. I don't know why I feel so good. Maybe it's because they lost an answer to you know.
And down to 190 could be.
You wait till I get to 170 boy then I'm going to be dangerous.
Oh oh.
Whatever.
Of course it all depends on where we're going to be working then.
Mad Dog at 2 the Humper at 4 that's Henry Goldberg.
You got her a cool hotline at 7 you got the beast at 9. How do you like that?
You got to charge for the beast.
And uh, Ed Kaplan at 10. That's our line.
And says again on the thing here, Jim added to public tomorrow.
Now they just have him fun with us or is that for real?
Because they said that last week and then it turned out he was at Hooters.
I don't know.
I mean when you think about Hooters, don't you generally think about publics and the same breath?
Public Hooters and the same breath?
Well, speaking of that, our beaded curtain today.
See, look at this. It's already 20 after 11 and we're just getting around to this stuff.
This is great.
Yeah, before you know it will be noon and before you know it after that it will be like 130 and then Bob.
All right.
Jill Ann Spalding. No relation to court to Allen Spalding from the guiding light in the entire Spalding family.
Which I noticed that Philips has gone off the deep end again.
I don't like that, Joe, but just a little snippets, little bits and pieces before I watch passions of when that show is where everybody's just going,
oh, I don't like that.
Just losing it.
Jill Ann Spalding, a former playboy model.
She's lifted the lid on CD-Sex Secrets of Front King Hugh Hefner.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
The stunning blonde revealed how 80-year-old Hefner founder of the playboy empire holds twice-winkly pink pajama parties in his famous mansion.
Is that like a surprise?
That's lovely.
But there are these are no innocent girly sleepovers. These are sorted orgies in which heckner's herms of girls have to pleasure their master.
He's 80, I wonder.
They probably kind of like space it out of a thing.
Jill Ann 32 said, I expected some strange things to happen there, but never my wildest dreams could I have imagined how weird it was.
He's got a book, of course, that he's peddling. I don't know what the name of the book is.
I could look it up again, but who cares?
Huh?
Right.
Do you care?
No.
Does anybody in the audience going to go buy the book?
No.
No.
There you go.
Jill Ann Spalding.
I didn't even see the picture yet.
Well, I saw the picture without her wet. I'm one of her many websites.
And, boy, oh boy.
Those can't possibly possibly be real.
I mean, maybe a little tiny part of Miss Real, but those things are like watermelons.
Okay, let's take a look.
You see what I'm saying?
Take a look at that.
No, boy.
There are objects in space and outer space flying around smaller than that.
Oh my God.
Oh, so there she is in all her splendor. Jill Ann Spalding, who over the hell she is.
Okay, let's get to the story that the revenue you all whipped up about.
How many copies of that sort of thing?
Over the head.
We're not even starting yet.
About saving private Ryan.
This should tell you what's going on in your America.
I tried to tell you folks, but you wouldn't listen to me.
Now, you will listen to Old Neal.
Arif has dead, by the way.
And, Catherine Harris.
Oh, you don't want to hear about her.
TV station's cancel saving private Ryan.
Which has already been on, by the way, a couple of times without any of it to do,
but that was before the big breast flap, you know, before the America came to its senses
and decided to march 50 to 100 years back in time.
Many ABC affiliates around the country have announced that they will not take part
in the network's Veterans Day airing tonight of saving private Ryan,
saying they claim film's violence and language could draw sanctions from the FCC.
You have a bunch of spineless coward bastards you.
That is absolutely unacceptable.
The only available right.
The decisions mark a twist in the conflict over the aggressive stand the FCC has taken against
obscenity and profanity since Janet Jackson flashed the world a little tiny bit of booby
during the last Super Bowl halftime show back in February.
Steven Spielberg's Oscar win.
I mean, you talk about a country that's in the dark ages, man, about a bunch of people.
You talk about moral values while we're butchering our penicent people,
little kids over there in Iraq based on a pack of lies.
That sounds like moral values to me.
You butchers, you maniacs, would blood on your hands.
But anyway, see, words killed.
Don't forget that.
Right. And boobies.
Bombs are fine.
You know, a bomb for freedom.
Missles, bombs, grenades, things like that for freedom.
But words, oh, they're dangerous.
Steven Spielberg's Oscar winning movie aired on ABC with relatively little controversy in 2001 and 2.
But station owners, including several in large markets, are unnerved that airing it tonight could bring federal punishment.
It still includes a violent depiction of the D-Day invasion and profanity.
Profanity.
Oh, no.
Well, in that case, it's them.
It would clearly have been our preference to run the movie.
We think it's patriotic and artistic tribute to our fighting forces, Ray Cole, president of Citadel Communications,
told AP Radio the company owns the station in Des Moines, who's sitting in Larkin, Nebraska.
Other stations choosing to replace the movie with other programming include, and wait till you know where these markets are generally.
Okay.
WSB TV in Atlanta.
Got it.
Got it.
WFA TV of Dallas.
WGNO TV of New Orleans.
WCPO of right wing Cincinnati.
WSYX of Columbus, Ohio.
WISN TV of Milwaukee, where they have a lot of Nazis.
WSOC in Charlotte, North Carolina.
WVC and Mewar of Manchester, St. New Hampshire.
WHAS of Louisville.
TV that is.
WHAS Radio, Bill Bailey used to be on air in WHAS.
Anyway, K-E-A-V-U-E of Austin, Texas.
They're owned by a variety of companies including Cox Television.
Tribune Broadcasting, Hurst R-Gal TV, Bellow Corp, and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Sinclair Broadcast, we're very sure I'm going to put some pornographic look on her like that.
Come you think of Garbage, propaganda.
We regret that the FCC given its correct timidity and deeming in this area
would not grant an advanced waiver, which would have allowed stations like ours
to run without any question or concern, and cool said.
In a statement on WSB, WSB TV's website, the Atlanta Station's Vice President and General Manager Greg C.
Stone said the March ruling in which the FCC said an explode about it by Rockstar Bono during NBC's live airing of the 2003 Golden Globe Awards was both indecent and profane.
See what they don't understand is it's not a work of art.
This is a motion picture.
It's a work of art.
It's in there as part of the context of the movie, as opposed to somebody just coming on like Bono and burning up which, you know,
we ridiculous that they should have find that too.
The agency made it clear then that virtually any use of the F-word, which is used repeatedly in saving private Ryan, was inappropriate for over-the-air radio and television.
They didn't say anything about satellite yet.
The Bono case reversed years of prior policy that the context of language matterstone said he added that broadcasters could not get any clarification from the FCC on whether the movie violates the statement.
See they won't tell you. They won't tell you. We tried that at IOD.
Well, suppose we sent you the material and then you tell, oh, the line would be prior, we strained. We won't do that.
Go ahead and try it and then we'll see if you can get away with it.
It's like saying, well, we won't put speed limit signs up on a highway. Just go as fast as you think the speed limit should be.
And we'll let you know whether we free over or not.
ABC, which broadcasted the film, Uncut.
Uncut.
In 2001 and 2002, issued a statement saying it's proud of broadcasted again.
The network's contract with director's film, where stipulates the film can not be edited.
I'll be real curious to see.
In fact, let me turn on right now, Channel 18W, KVW and Buffalo here.
Okay. Okay.
Do we know what time this is on tonight?
No, I can't.
Where's the guy in the stupid ass thing?
Okay, let me see. The view is on right now. I don't want to.
Oh boy.
No, you want to see the view?
No, but, uh, Scarlett Scherzer lose weight.
Oh, see, look at that.
Guess what's on at 8 o'clock.
I'm going to say the private right.
I'm going to say the private right.
KVW and Buffalo.
A couple of narrators.
Saving private right.
In Buffalo.
How do you like that?
They're going to take off from bowling.
They're going to put on some nice white socks, sit around, put kick back, put their feet up on the coffee table, and want saving private right.
Even with all that profanity and stuff in Buffalo, no less.
As in the past, the broadcast will contain appropriate and clear advisories and criminal guidelines, as statement said.
Several stations said ABC had rejected the request of the movie after 10 p.m.
In other words, they just don't want to put it on all. That's how P&N their pants deal.
That's the kind of environment that exists in your America today, boys and girls.
That's why Stern wants off broadcast radio.
That's why anybody with a brain wants off broadcast radio, because we can't play fart sounds, we can't joke around, we can't play most of our material, because the FCC are a bunch of freaking word Nazis is what they are now.
An FCC spoke from in City yesterday that the agency doesn't monitor TV broadcast, but responds to complaints.
There you go.
There you go. All you complaining types out there, not to mention any voice specific.
The agency received a complaint after the two-time month broadcast of Saving Private Right, but it was denied, as you said.
WSOC of Charlotte said it received complaints about language in the movie with her dear in 2001 and 2.
Now after much concern and discussion about family viewing over the past month, and with Americans that work across the world, it is the vivid depiction of violence, combined with graphic language proposed to begin hearing at 8 p.m.
that this forced our decision said Lee Armstrong, the station of our president and general manager in Charlotte.
ABC has told its affiliates that it would cover any fines, but Cole of Citadel said that it would not protect its affiliates against other FCC sanctions.
The word police will get you, baby.
They're happy when it asks the news either out.
On 5.60 p.m.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
The word police will be the case in the movie with the name of the police.
133 votes, well, I'm not votes, people in there, were you originally from blue state 66,
which I proudly say Rochester, New York, baby, are very blue state, as blue as it gets.
New York state, all of them are a little bit on the pinko side, but you know, meaning gay?
Gay. Blue state 66, red state 46, now of course red state could mean Florida, right?
Right. Got a lot of people who were born in Florida and they can't help it.
Right? Right.
We could have put red state other than Florida, but we're not going to do that.
Because that's not the point of the whole thing.
What is the point of the whole thing? Kill time.
Cuba 12, 12 people born in Cuba.
Thank you very much.
Wow. In this crowd no less, and they're not listening to WQBA and WRHC and WUA Yadi Yadi,
Yadi Yadi, no speaking English, Babalu.
Canada 4, I can't believe that. We got four people born in Canada.
How bout that?
You're up free.
Other Latin America 2 and Asian none.
Well, how's that possible? Have nobody that was born in Asia?
Yeah, I'll get around.
Get on there. Get where there. What is wrong with you, man?
That goes for you too, Indians.
Are you going to start again with our good friends at the similar Indian, because you know Indians?
The Asian Indians.
No, they're like, ask kids to worry about them. He'll tell you why they smell like that.
Another very nice people, yeah.
The Indian people from India. They're very fine people.
They're like an ugly feet. Very nice people.
I mean, they're not all ugly. They're wrong about that.
Ugly feet.
Oh, ugly feet. I never saw an Indian person's feet.
I've seen other parts, but never saw their feet.
Never got that there for her.
No. I mean, feet are fine, but I'm not obsessed with feet.
Like some people I know.
Do I want to do the stern stuff or not?
I guess I'd better because we have a lot of people out there that may have missed Howard this morning.
You don't listen to a show or they don't care.
But I think that there's so much more to this story than just the, you know, the stern element of it.
Howard Stern is taking his serious satellite radio pitch to Viacom's Lature with David Letterman.
Stern said this morning that he's confirmed an appearance for a week from today next Thursday, November 18.
And the appearance could not be confirmed with Lature at the time of this report.
You better bet that Greg's life on it. He'll be on there next week.
Mark it down.
As for Stern's simmering relationship with an affinity broadcast in the New York Post,
Stern wants out of his job now.
And it's looking more and more like those who picked an early date in the office pool for the end of Stern's morning show.
And for us, we're already going to be winners.
Now, what does that mean for the future of WQA in our morning show?
Now that we walked into another jackpot, he started August 16, if my memory is correct.
It's already November the 11th.
So let's see September.
We only had Stern on for three months and already he's maybe any day now.
And you notice at the end of the short, every day, if we'll see it tomorrow, maybe not hear someplace else?
Wow.
Stern's outright disgust where his infinity appears and behind the scenes maneuvering that surrounds his waning tenure at Vycom's Wager Division is becoming more contemptuous.
Stern started his show this morning by reeling on infinity present in the COO Joel Hollander calling him a maggot.
Before WSRK, New York's general manager, Tom Qsano, entered the studio to curb the conversation,
telling Stern this isn't the place to personalize it.
I'm always reading about how Qsano comes into the middle of the show and never heard such a thing.
I don't get that. They'd like programming in the middle of the show on the year.
The G&O made matters worse as Stern said Hollander screwed me yesterday.
It was no Mel Carmesen who's never going to be. He's not fit to fill his shoes.
One thing about Mel, when he shook my hand out with the deal, Stern said he later lamented, my Mel is gone.
It's time for me to leave.
Stern spent 30 plus minutes on read between the line's conversation with Qsano, Robin Kriver's and Arty Lang over the future of his show.
I put a lot of hours into this company since Stern at one point.
Every one of my deals here has been pleasant. Everyone's always been above bored and honest with me.
When a guy calls up my agent and says, I don't care if we agree to something I'm going back on it, that's ridiculous.
Don't be a dishonest person. It's all I ask. I got screwed over my whole career by dishonest businessmen.
Well, some of us can relate to that, howie.
I'm asking for two things to be included on your agreements and two, let's keep the show running.
Keep it strong so that our advertisers have lots of listeners and everybody flourishes.
If that's unreasonable, take me to the radio police.
Stern promised that what he couldn't talk about directly on his radio show, he would take the Letterman show and discuss there,
when Qsano pointed out the appearance would still be on a Viacom property, Stern counted with Letterman's no fan of Viacom, trust me.
I've had private conversations with this guy. He wouldn't reveal the details of those talks, but said Letterman's not a happy camper for a bunch of different reasons.
How do you like that, huh?
Man.
It says, Stern is worth as much as $100 million to infinity, but the company recently made it clear that it considers him only a small part of the Viacom media empire.
Infinity and serious decline, comment, although serious CEO Joe Clayton told Analyst last month, the Stern contract buyout is indeed a possibility.
How do you like that?
He said the Howard said he's being peppered by legal letters and threats from Viacom lawyers and elsewhere around the country.
He sure was being heavily censored by infinity Viacom's radio unit and of course by the dump button theory.
Jimmy Kimmel wrote me that they're trashing the show in LA, cutting pieces out and putting in more commercials than ever.
He said, I'm like, do them out of here, so let them do whatever they want.
Isn't that incredible?
Tell me.
He says, you want to pay me off? Let me know. You don't want to pay me off? I'm here for the duration, that's what we say.
So a whole big conflict, I'm sorry, I told you before you came here originally that series is talking very serious to infinity about buying him out.
And of course, from our standpoint, our perspective, the QAM, what do we do then?
Huh?
As once more, we'd have agon our post, my god almighty. Why do you have to see it that way?
Well, in fact, you know who we could put out in the morning?
Absolutely.
Who'd fit in perfectly with all that agon our face? How about Omelette?
It's a little bit too much, it's a little bit too much.
It's a little bit too much.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
There is dumb and they want stuff, it's dumb and dumb.
Body, we'll be the first to have a word with it.
Body, is there anything to worry about?
We'll think of a story, it is.
Did you move on a tickle or something?
Family, isn't it about time you left?
Business brought to you by the Church of Latter-day Seedness.
14 to noon at 5 p.m.
So you see, 14 to noon?
What?
Holy moly, Ram. Man, it feels like we just got started here.
Well, we could do this every day.
Yeah.
For a while.
Oh, here's a lonely call on here. We better grab it before they change their mind.
Everybody, QAM?
QAM?
You're it.
And that was our one call.
I thought we were going to get a really important call on there.
Maybe we just waited too long, you think?
5,670, 560.
I don't understand how come we're not getting some of the stern people calling and telling us he was rambling on to 11 o'clock this morning.
After that story, I just read the two stories from FMQB in the A New York Post.
You think we'd begin like a little spire report, a little bit of action, wouldn't you?
Maybe we just don't have any crossover.
Count 560 in a Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, most not to be on today for Jim, is he?
No, next Wednesday.
Because he was on yesterday.
Who was on?
No.
Get out of here.
No, I mean, it was almost like when I go to 610 to get news and I hear rush on there and I...
Nobody told us about that. Are you or that Mo was on for Mad Dog yesterday?
Nope. Nobody ever told us.
Yeah, well, he was on there and there was some boring interview, so I had a fight.
Oh, that says here Jim Mad is.
But who the hell knows if they're not... they're not even telling us what the schedule is anymore.
That's the kind of communication we're getting at.
Well, at least I know next week not to tune in.
Next, let me do a double check here.
Just certain.
Next one... oh yeah, it's actually crossed out here.
It says Mo Howard David had several Ds on it.
Next one, what does this say?
Well, you have the lady caller, Big fan, and I'm joined the show as always.
Thanks.
Okay, by Neil.
See, as I'll say, how to howe for you.
560, 705, 60, Count 560 on a Verizon.
I mean, they wanted a lot more great goofy callers on here is what they want.
That was part of it, and then there were people who didn't want this, they wanted that.
They want. They want. They want a lot. They want.
That's how 4 to 4. We want and we want it free, of course.
And one, they archive for those bread and pictures we want to do this.
Make us a copy of all those funny bits and send it to our house and deliver it to our door and for free.
Give us a $50 bill while you're at it.
WDQI and Hello.
You guys are saying you guys are saying you guys are saying you guys are saying...
WDQI and Hello.
Hi, Kelly.
Story story story story story.
Okay, just because she was talking about it, you know what I mean?
We need you on the year today, okay?
He was on actually yesterday. I can't believe that.
Absolutely.
Nobody told us about it.
WDQI and Hello.
QI am?
I am.
Maybe most of the Bob's in our last night.
Yeah, boy.
That was okay, good.
WDQI and Hello.
QI am?
Yes, yes.
Yeah.
What's up, buddy?
How you doing, Pally?
You know, Goldberg is a big fan.
Okay, good.
WDQI and Hello.
Wait, I wanted nobody was going to say.
I didn't know.
QI am Hello.
Good morning, though.
That was Greg Reed doing a voice play.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
There is one good news.
I listen to you.
I am a hopper every day.
And prior to the show getting censored, the one bad thing was every time you did play a front-mounted
thing.
I had a certain resonance, if you could say.
My boss made me turn off your show.
And I am going to go to the listeners now to probably listen to you show in an office.
That's the one good thing that came about.
There's nothing wrong with that.
There's part sounds in your orifice, man.
Right.
But, dude, the one thing I do wonder if I do have a gas problem while I'm talking to you.
Are you going to stop that?
Well, it all depends on what you do.
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, yeah.
I totally forget some good people on here this morning.
I haven't seen even the new yet.
Although it is, look how fast they're moving along.
Right?
Good, Gali Miss Mon.
If this is great, you're right.
A lot more to those long-stered shows.
WQA, and hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
All right.
All right.
Great show is always listening.
I'm wondering about a new thing that there's a good browser firefots.
Right.
Firefots.
No, I didn't get it for, you have to buy it now.
I went on.
I was on, I needed Ella.
I'm on Zella.
Yeah.
I'm on Zella.
Right, right.
You got to buy it.
You don't buy anything.
I've already installed it yesterday.
I've been using it, watching it, looking at it, didn't with it.
Yes.
It was a trial, they gave you a trial experience.
What?
Well, what?
Like 24 hours?
I think it's probably probably a couple of weeks.
Yeah, you have to buy it.
But I think it was around, I think it was 44.
41.
40 bucks a year?
I know, 40 bucks a month.
40 bucks a year?
What's the big deal with that?
So what's the big deal with that?
Oh, 40 bucks?
Yeah.
That's not money, man.
I'm stupid lottery tickets.
Get with it.
See what I just got through, saying only moments ago, it's my second powers again.
We want for free.
I turn you on to a great alternative to Bill Gates and that awful internet explorer thing.
It's so slow in Congress.
It's got all those viruses and pop-ups and spam and what am.
And ham.
Man.
And this guy.
And instead of saying thank you, Neil, for turning a son to Firefox, even like George,
never even heard of it before.
Be foe.
One's me foe coming back with Mo and me foe for that morning show.
Well, if you're going to download one of these days, like very quickly, and you know, he tends to be just a little bit impulsive
and all those things happen like real fast, wouldn't that be something?
Well, what would we do then?
And now that we've been spoiled with this coming out like a 1040 and really officially starting to show it 11 or after 11 like this morning,
whatever they decide to finish, the idea that we're going to go back to 10 and do four solid hours every day.
Even I think that's outrageous.
Don't you? That's not acceptable.
Maybe maybe, you know, open negotiation for a considerably higher amount of cash.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
There he is.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
And hello, this is not with some stuff.
Okay, good. W-Q-A-M, hello.
You know, I like to have a conversation about that.
Okay, good. W-Q-A-M, hello with yourself.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how's it going?
All right.
I had a radio accident this morning down the dial here, you know, that kind of like the Meets you the song, that's small.
Yeah.
He was redoing a bit that used to play the soulful part.
You mean the sofa king, couldn't it?
Yeah, you believe that.
He played it on Monday, I don't mean, we had a spy report.
Like I said, he's the worst ripoff artist.
Shameless, totally shameless.
The biggest no talent copycat.
Right.
Well, I did, Dixie know, you know, you know, you talk about a name dropper, that's the guy.
Yeah.
You used to talk about field drop hands, that kind of guy.
He ran to me with a song, R.S. Mill, which I never read.
I haven't been to song, R.S. Mill in years.
And this guy, he's the one who's gonna lie around ripoff artist, a piece of turd, who's got his head so far,
a prick, sent his ass, that he needs to be a speaker to get that.
Oh, Rick Anderson's everybody.
He belongs on sports jam, like I'm a brain surgeon.
Exactly.
Love your show.
Okay, thank you.
So, what do you want?
I'm Ed Dogg on offer, that's probably the real reason.
With regards to five jam, it.
Yes.
Listen, wrong.
Right.
The download is free, which we all did down, free, but if you want to buy the disc and the guidebook, it's 14.
No, what do we need to disc and the guidebook?
No, of course, just for the other guidebook.
Touch, man, you don't need the disc or the guidebook.
This guy's probably too stupid to download the thing off of you.
You can just download it right there on their site for crying out loud.
There's free downloads, or whatever.
Free.
The texture I'm using it now, and they haven't requested any money, indicates to me that's F.R.E.
You should be loving it in Florida, man.
That's everybody's favorite in Florida is free.
I wanted free.
Like that old bag that bought the craft free salad dressing that time.
This is a honest, true stir-up.
You have a million times that I, as long as I let nobody believe this story anyplace else.
And the girl, if they check out counter it, they publishes, she's putting the items to the scanner.
And she starts to take the salad dressing right, and the old lady says, oh, wait a minute.
You got to, isn't that free?
It's free on the label.
I got something free for you.
I don't even have my foot way up your ass, you silly old bag.
God.
Everything in Florida's got to be free.
It's got to be a bargain.
You've got to get a big discount.
Sounds awful Jewish to me.
That's a big QA&Holo.
Yo, Neil.
Yes, sir.
New Jewish holiday, but we're not going to get into that number one spot, or five.
What's your holiday?
I have a spot, Scott.
Don't you know?
Yeah, we know he died for the first third time.
Today is your Veterans Day, by the way.
Definitely, Joe.
And I am going to watch Private Ryan.
I'm glad you mentioned that.
WPLG Channel 10 isn't going to be censoring it that we know of.
Let me tell you something, though.
Anybody, my dad was there.
And when he saw the movie, he flipped.
He said it brought back memories.
He didn't want to, you know, he wanted to beat the crap out of me for making them go see the movie.
But on the other point, fire rock.
Well, that memories, like those true things that John Kerry told the public that we have to beat him up for telling us the truth, right?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, this is Robert, by the way.
I send you all that neat stuff and those things on your website.
Thanks for appreciating more than words can say.
And I will continue sending in when I become Georgia's Middle East correspondent, because I'm moving out of this place.
Really?
Three more months I'm heading back to Israel.
Where it's safe?
It is real.
Well, I live there, I live there, but I live there.
No, we live there for a long time.
A very long time.
My wife's from there.
I served in the military there.
I still serve in the reserve.
It's not like you're going to be there.
You may have been called sometimes, and then we could keep with, I mean, keep us.
Well, I'm going to do it, but you know something.
I'm thinking that air fat grain is going to have to be gutted because it's going to become a public urinal and then...
Now, how come all the never-spit all that time shown us the flag-gate coffin of yesterday?
I'm a fart all this morning for hours and hours and hours.
And yet the flag-gate coffins of our American soldiers that are coming back, we aren't allowed to see those.
Well, you know something, I was watching the news today and every...
You know this morning when I woke up at 5 and they were all saying air fat decided to stop terror in 1988.
He did that in English.
He sure didn't do it in Arabic.
He was screaming for it.
She hopped 24-7 in Arabic.
But the only reason they're showing his coffin is because he's going to be buried in a coffin,
which is not what they usually do.
The only reason he's in a coffin is because he's very is that in Jerusalem.
Yeah, they're going to bury him in Egypt.
The funeral in Egypt, he's going into Ramallah into the trap.
Oh, is he really going into Ramallah?
Who can you have that?
He started clearing away the cars to last night that they were going to be dead.
Maybe he can serve up the aerial surveillance.
Someone had poison putting them to give the air fat.
It seemed to work really well.
Well, I think the fish of truth died for me.
Good luck to you Robert.
Anytime, Neil.
Okay.
Bye.
There are all kinds of rumors about why he died.
He died.
He died.
He died the third time, three times a charm.
Don't let me forget when we come back.
Hidden tragedies in helpless city.
This story will make you weak.
If you've had any Aussie, humanity, and your body whatsoever,
a person is crowd.
Now, why did I throw the log away already?
Just work it ahead.
I'm not doing a spot here, am I?
No.
I'm not?
No.
Well, in that case, he's going to be in the right house.
It's a losing land.
Why is it going to be a new land?
I'm not really a...
Russian lateman.
And I like scrubbing my stomach really ass with soap made from jewels.
At least, into the new rocket, I'm gonna use the other.
Like I am.
Your car.
You love it.
You need it.
And you want to protect it.
But how?
You pride the club.
You pride the low jack.
You even put your trust in the winky little alarm system that came with your car.
but where did it get you?
Now, the answer is here, with the Palestinian Carlaw.
It's a sound that can lick the dead, and it's your as heck will wake the neighbors.
So, Palestinian Carlaw works because it's not a mechanical device.
It's a genuine Palestinian, and Boeing is heel armed.
The Palestinian Carlaw not only sounds as startling alarm,
it also uses verbal messages to ward off would-be intruders.
You are your close to vehicle!
Woohoo!
And yet, feats persist.
The Palestinian Carlaw will make them pay the ultimate price.
I won't let the car be told in like my homeland!
Time for you to die!
And with you, Parker, sunset strip or the gazzostrip,
you need the Palestinian Carlaw.
Bravo to a 560 WDQ and 292 people are checked in on the poll.
Where are you originally from?
It's not all exciting.
It doesn't require an opinion on your partner.
It just requires a moment of effort on your partner.
It's kind of a marginally interesting.
Red and blue, right?
Red and blue.
Blue stayed 136 red, state 102.
But I'm assuming many of those are Florida, wouldn't you?
I don't want to find out because I would make it less interesting.
Other Latin American 19, like Nicaragua, Guatemala, Panama, Colombia, Venezuela.
Right?
Right.
Whatever you want.
Mexico, Bolivia, Peru, Argentina, Brazil.
Anyway, other Latin America has now got 20 past Cuba 19, only 19 originally from Cuba.
That's because all the old Cuban far-civilists know, speaking in English, that's key.
Canada 9, Europe 7, and Asia we find it got one out of about first 300 votes.
What over there?
One.
You believe that?
What about there?
They're just busy, man.
They're busy.
You know, they got to stay busy.
That's how the Chinese made all in babies.
So I hear...
Line 9, WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
What are you up to?
What are you doing, pal?
The Yadurah for size for the eighth time?
I beg your pardon?
The Yadurah for size for the eighth time?
Yeah.
That's incredible.
Every day he died, is he really dead?
What do you got for his pal?
I don't think that much.
What did I ever?
No, nothing.
WQA and hello.
What did I do?
Neil, this is good.
It's like a reunion.
Every misfit in the last couple days, yes sir.
Listen, Stern, he's making his move.
Everybody needs to strike while I'm high on top.
Yeah.
Because this regular rain has started topping up top stewies every day now.
It's finished.
It's like a tournament.
You got a large market.
You need to go ahead and take care of yourself.
Everybody's obviously jumping to shift.
You need to get in there for that puckers thing, pal.
Like I say yesterday.
Yeah.
I'm going to say yesterday all inquiries are being made.
They've extended the feelers.
Everybody in their brothers has any feelers to them.
Not that the people are QA seem to be interested or care in the least.
But that's fine with me because it's a be a waste of time anyway.
They've burned their bridges.
You know how some bend they tell the employees don't burn your bridges?
Well, in their case they burn the bridges.
They are disgusting and grotesque.
And you can't do business with little children or people who behave like emotional cripples.
I can't and I won't.
I've had the last day of my life ruined by people who behave like imbisils.
You're right.
I should write the book.
You only promise that it would have to be an affiction list because nobody would believe the stuff that goes on air.
All the great ones to know and great ones to know say this and great is all upset and gr...
You know, management through temper tantrums.
Hidden tragedies in helpless city.
Oh, this story is so...
But it's just a little teeny tiny slice.
You see, you don't get the real news on your American media.
What do you get is propaganda.
That's what you get.
And even though this story is very depressing, keep in mind that throughout history,
all those people who talk about we got the moral values and got it on our side and all this other crap.
They've always been very enthusiastic about killing the infidel people.
The infidel, the number of anybody who believes different crap than they do.
And it's really kind of ironic because we kept hearing about the Islamic fanatics.
The perpetrators of 9-11 and all the other grotesque terrorist acts of the last 20 years or so.
And the fact that, oh well, they want to get all the infidel.
Well, that's what the moral values crowd.
The red-staters in America wanted to.
It's just a different crowd of people.
Culture of life, people.
Right.
Mohamed Aboude said he watched his 9-year-old son bleed the death of Tefalugia home yesterday unable to take him to a hospital,
as fighting raged in the streets and bombs rained down.
My son got trapped on the stomach when our house was hit at dawn,
but we couldn't take him for treatment, said Mr. Aboude a teacher.
We buried him in the garden because it was too dangerous to go out.
Residents say scores of civilians have been killed or wounded in 24 hours of fighting since U.S.-led forces pushed deep into the rebel-held city.
Doctors saw at least 15 dead civilians at the main clinic in Tefalugia on Monday,
but by yesterday there were no clinics open in no way to count casualties.
U.S. and Iraqi forces seized control of the city's main hospital across the Euphrates River from Pallugia proper hours before the onslaught began.
U.S. bombardments hit a clinic inside the Sunim Muslim city killing staff and patients.
Residents say U.S. military officials denied the claims because they ally a lot and they always denied.
When U.S. forces stormed Pallugia in April, they pulled out several weeks later,
partly as a result of widespread outrage at civilian casualties.
Sammy Al-Jumali, a doctor at a Pallugia hospital, said the city was running out of medical supplies.
There were scores of injured civilians and no surgeons, he said by telephone,
from a house where he had gone to help they wounded, a 13-year-old child has died in my hands, he said.
Weekend air raids destroyed a clinic funded by an Islamic relief organization in the center of Follugia.
U.S. defense secretary, though, Donald Rumsfeld, who lies like crazy, said on Monday,
he didn't foresee large numbers as civilian casualties, but those words were a little comfort to the Abu Dhabi family,
sitting in a house damaged by the bomb that killed their child.
They're nine-year-old son.
You see, when you put it like in human terms, which is why they don't want you to see the flag-grade croffins of the Americans again killed.
In human terms, it's not palatable that people have any conscience whatsoever.
Stop and think about one of your kids getting killed because you just happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time
because a bunch of invaders decided they were going to impose some former government on you, whether you wanted it or not.
Well, they shouldn't have attacked us.
That's true.
Those evildoers, the little nine- and 13-year-old kids, shouldn't have attacked us in the first place.
There was no question about that, they probably would have been suicide bombs,
even though we're supposedly there to free them in the country.
They're just part of that pain in the ass collateral damage because war is hell.
Anybody, let me say again, who supports this madness, and new people in the media,
may new people ought to be in jail.
Forget about how incompetent you are, you people ought to be in jail.
For being co-conspirators, air media, and I noticed they brought out a cliché now.
The first couple of days of the week, it was Operation Fallujah Bloodbath,
and it was Operation Something Else, and now we don't even have that anymore because, well, you know, they have the control 70% of the city.
Right.
Of course, the evildoers, they're all gone, and then one day, one day, they were talking heads they had on last night.
I mean, you have to be a genius to figure that out.
Talk about grotesque military planning.
He said, you know, when you announce a month ahead, the timing of when you're going to come in and launch this attack,
you don't have to be a genius to figure out.
That's the time that everybody bales out.
Right.
Guess what? Right after the American elections, when it's not politically dangerous to have always dead American soldiers,
that's when we're coming in. So if you want to get out through it now, and they did,
that's why the city's basically on her ghost town, except for those pinnacle-ass collateral damage people just couldn't get out.
That's the booby traps they were carrying, if they leave.
Yeah, booby traps, like what we got on our website, that Airsoft 2, please.
At least 19 die in Baghdad car bombing.
A suicide car bomb attack today is killed at least 19 people, and heavily damaged their fronts in a busy commercial district of central Baghdad.
15 others were wounded in the attack. Oh, and by the way, how come we're not hearing about all those Iraqi soldiers that were taking hostage too?
See, when you watch CBC and a BBC and a TPC and the LAB, you see stories that are straight that stuff that's going on is really nasty and bad.
Not so great.
Call me Propagate.
How come we're not hearing any more about those 35 American soldiers that were taking hostage?
Shut up.
And about the three, you were right. It was three of others of Ayat Allawi who were kidnapped and are being threatened with the offer to head.
Also 25 cars were destroyed and burned and 20 shops and buildings were damaged in the explosion, but don't forget everything is going very well.
Oh, we're fine.
I guess we'll flip screen, he'll tell you.
Oh, there's the new slogan there, I'd see it in the fight for Iraq as opposed to Operation The Blue Blood Band.
The impact of the blast left a hole in the ground about 3 meters deep and 4 meters wide.
The attack shook Al-Nasser Square near Sadoun Street, 11.35 a.m. 3.30 a.m. our time this morning, in Capital's Raspapha district.
Today's explosion came with an after-a-car bomb detonated near an emergency police patrol in eastern Baghdad.
That would kill at least 7 people and wounded three police officers.
Also, a US soldier was killed another injured Wednesday after an Army First Infantry Division patrol was hit by roadside bomb near Balad, north of Baghdad.
And the slaughter just goes on and on and on.
I thought it was like mission accomplished, didn't you?
The threat they saw.
That was all over.
I thought that the military phase, the fight in the Dian phase.
I thought that was all over with months and months ago what a President came on there with a phone he ballooned out for the air.
Looking like a clown.
Well, that's typical.
And your close personal friend, Doug Thompson, who writes a daily article of the rant on your very favorite website, Capital Hill Blue,
I'm going to read this very short column by him when we'd come back from the break.
I don't want to do a lot of reading here today unless I want to.
Since especially since we got a very short show today, now that Stern is making other plans maybe even sooner than later.
Bush's goal destroyed what's left of America.
See, one thing about Doug Thompson, if he really just, you know, wouldn't be so inhibited to be, come on really.
Say what's out of the amount.
You want to sneak into new Roger.
You want to sneak into the area on 560-50.
At Q-A-M.
The bad girl, Stern.
She'll jump.
You have the good lord to say.
You're bleeding redly, Todd.
Oh, how I'm crying.
You're bleeding red.
As if you're dead.
You're dead.
You beat the hip in a hip.
You're bleeding red.
You're hurting the heart of a house.
And come on your real.
We're all going down including you.
We're going to the flesh-free.
Who don't wish you.
All the saints who beat you, you succeed.
And go lay on bad y'all in a dream.
You're here.
You're here.
You lead a Christian way alive.
Where you screw your mouth.
In your sister is your wife.
You screw out your heart.
And your mama is your sister.
You know why.
You look great to fight.
New state 175, red state 124.
Cuba 21, other light in America 22.
You're up 9 in Asia 2.
We got an Asian peer.
The rant from Camel and Hill Blues says Bush's goal is to destroy what's left of America.
It's very sure right to the point that we'll take about a thousand of those great calls that we know will love.
That's the, huh?
Oh yeah.
I'm strapping myself into those.
I'm strapping myself on.
It says for a stupid gullible moment I thought maybe just maybe George W. Bush might learn something from the division and damage he's inflicted on his nation over the last four years.
But the lion's son of a bitch has learned a damn thing.
He'll take the next four years and complete his mission of destroying what once was the greatest nation on earth.
Bush proved this Wednesday by replacing one hater of US Constitution with another nominating right wing zealot, Alberta Gonzalez,
replaces head Nazi John Ascroft as attorney general.
Jesus Christ what a no stunning I am Lord of all things moved by President Helpen on destroyer.
We're little freedom we have left in this nation.
Gonzalez's White House Council wrote the infamous memo that said US soldiers in Iraq did not have to follow the rules of the Geneva Convention.
A memo that led to those in charge of the war to think prisoners could be tortured, abused and humiliated like a...
Abu Gharrab, this is the same Alberta Gonzalez who caused the Constitution an outdated document who advocates holding Americans without causing to me an eucano,
without any rights and consular freedoms that used to be taken for granted.
How could I have been so gullible as to believe W. Woodward or anything from the election? What the hell was I thinking?
Bush isn't always will be a desperate, a tyrant who could very well destroy a republic that is stood for 200 plus years.
He calls a 51% victory the presidential election a mandate and claims he has political capital that he'll spend the mold,
American who is image which means every right-wing fruitcake idea that he is loony toons party can ram through Congress and send a 1600-pensal
of any avenue for his rubber stamp.
During the next four years Bush can stack the Supreme Court with his kind of goose-stepping justices to carry out his mission to destroy the Constitution and set a
back-and-way puritan age where heretics are hung, the sentient is banned and freedom is expendable.
And while he and his police destroy America from within, hundreds perhaps thousands more Americans will die in his war of lies in Iraq.
Sadly, there isn't much we can do about it except resist whenever possible and pray that America can survive for more years with Bush at the home.
Maybe those who oppose his tyranny can rise up and boot enough Republicans out of Congress in the midterm elections in 2006 to return some balance to government
for these are the same people who gave us John Kerry so I wouldn't bet the farm.
America faces many dangers from its enemies and the number of enemies we face increases daily because of Bush's reckless actions,
but America faces no greater danger of enemy than the pill-popping heretic who occupies 1600-pensal of any avenue.
Right.
Yeah, why didn't you come out and say what he really thinks?
Peter O'Rourke the Bush, I hate that.
Yeah, Peter O'Rourke being up on old Bush.
Oh, speaking of that, lies a man only accused of sexual harassment.
Third grader and serosoda charged with sex crime.
Women alleged boss thanked him for errors.
We're getting all these fines to raise and of course there's one caller here right for the end of the show yesterday.
He gives us the heads up on this.
Muslim convert, Kat Stevens gets peace award in Rome.
Oh, come on.
I bet he really wanted to blow up that peace train after all.
I was probably thinking about that one in Spain.
W.A. Hill.
Who's being suburbied now?
The Gloor.
W.A. Hill.
Hello.
Hello.
Before I get into the meat of what I'm calling about, one of my co-workers asked me if you could use the ring of Australia.
I'm going to call her.
Yeah.
W.A. Hill.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You all right, sir?
Speaking.
Yeah, how you doing?
I was actually going to have to hear about the Bush daughters joining the Marines apparently.
Yeah, right.
That's what I deserve right now.
American.
Okay, tell us another one.
Hello.
Okay, let's see.
WQM, hello.
Who are we from, Catherine Lamper?
Five, six, seven, open, sixty.
Well, this is maybe the best point she calls we've had in a coon's age on this show, man.
A long time since we've had a run like this.
This is great.
Five, six, seven, open, five, sixty.
Count five, sixty on Verizon and sing it a wireless line.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, we're sure.
Come on, we're inside the six.
WQM, hello.
Hi.
Thank you for that.
WQM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Am I on the air or something?
Sounds just like you or your twenties.
Oh, wait.
Yeah, let me get a twin.
So you guys, which stand, be our during the year of commercial rights?
And what happened?
Hey, I just want to say you're getting what do you want to understand?
I don't understand.
What does that mean?
I just didn't realize we're back on the air.
It's all over.
Are we?
And here we are.
And I'm it.
Mm-hmm.
Just wanted to say, you're be the curtain girl today.
Yeah.
Looks like maybe she's getting infection there.
An infection?
Doesn't it look like that?
I don't know.
It sounds similar.
You've got something around the infection.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 6, and the horizon.
See, you're the right of this line.
These are the finest.
You know what?
Right.
These are our labors.
Call up C. Spain.
Let's get in there for some of this post-election trauma.
And you know, the tremendous, the tremendous reaction that's true.
I read about what's really going on in fluke.
The tremendous response.
These people are very, very sorry.
The repent, they hope that the spirit of Christ will excuse them for that.
Or being participants in this blood bath.
They feel bad.
It'll be over.
W-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got sweet milk.
Speaking.
Milk.
Yeah, it's true.
I heard about the pistol that's for real.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're doing the most right.
And?
Oh, I'm sorry.
And are they going to talk your rack?
Are they going to a rack to fight?
So probably they're going to go to the grocery rack to fight for my lab.
Yeah, right.
Okay.
They're going to fight over here.
Who's going to get the wishbone?
W-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a pop-up on you, boys.
Uh-huh.
Just relax now.
Okay, I'm on top of it.
I can't handle the whole thing.
50,000.
These between now and two, we have to take a lot of short calls because we have a limited amount of time today.
How we went to 11.07 this morning.
In case you missed.
And also a lot of response about that too.
I don't know where those people are.
Because I'm sure he must have been writing and reading about that serious thing most of the morning from the little drift that I picked up there toward the end.
Through the S-N.
W-A-M, hello.
John, yeah, what's up, man?
Yes, sir.
Uh-huh.
Big boys.
W-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was listening to some dork on A-M last night's Savage and he was playing this video at least.
Why were you listening to that?
Michael Savage is the only thing on late at night.
Now, yeah, I tuned through all my dear opposing points of view, despite how I learned from them, I might be.
And he was playing this video to this producer and put together all these different, um, politicians invoking the name of God.
And I got to discuss that.
Yeah.
He got so disgusted that he just vanished from the face of the earth.
Neil God!
What the hell was that?
No idea.
I think they's Zatia Pal.
I think the, uh, talk show, please, you Zatia.
W-A-M, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
A couple things.
Hey, yesterday's a beat-occurring girl Tara V.
What was going on with her nipple?
So you were on a sclery your mouse over and find out.
W-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That story read about big and pipeline all those red states that he's that won't carry.
Yeah.
It's only the beginning, man.
It's all about the beginning.
This is the beginning.
This is the beginning.
This is another chapter.
This has been going on for several years now.
Even before this, Bush must have read in there.
All the right wingers, we want to ban Tom Sawyer and Huckaberry Fenn
and take in textbooks out of school because it texts this education class
that barely even mentioned contraception in there.
Because that's evil, man.
That's ban.
And the capital church still like it.
And then we got that whole thing in Georgia there in Commuars, Georgia.
And he said, this is just the beginning.
And finding people, see this is the chilling effect that it has when you have a government agency
that just has carte blanche to do whatever they just make it up as they go along.
Oh, you showed a nipple for a 19.
But the second we're going to find you a half a million dollars based on what?
Well, we just made it up because we're pissed off and America's furious about it.
See, that's obscene.
That's pornographic.
The fact that all these men, women and innocent children are getting blown to bits
and like all the bloodbaths that's going on, that's courageous in the heroic, man.
That's fine.
We've got to get the impedelles and whatever it takes to do it, we're going to do it.
In fact, I say send to Bush daughters right to the front of the line.
You are the center of evil, evil, evil, and righteousness.
It's collusionally un-fifestive, you do it, man.
Only in the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
When Bill O'Reilly dial in, sure he isn't where in hands.
He'll tell you if you'd like your job, then you'll give him a last dance.
And if you dare to O'Reilly, you're not looking to be kissed.
Kitsoo the pants right off ya, and for you an extortionist,
a fool called a backer's fair and balanced.
But not when he calls at night.
He's looking for a rassy, who likes it a little to the right.
Welcome.
When Bill O'Reilly's morning, sure he ain't to know he's been told.
So when Bill O'Reilly's dial in, you best not to cut your phone.
So here's not the worst girls are going to be doing some work.
Okay, call 31-5-60W-Q-A.
And Liza M'Elia accused a sexual harassment.
The former bodyguard, and show fertilized M'Elia,
accused of the singer of forcing him to have sex with her,
they're in a seeking more than $100 million in damages,
according to court papers on COD yesterday.
According to a cis-page, from I can't believe that Mo was on yesterday.
Nobody told us about it.
Don't you think the least we can do is give the audience advance warning?
It's the least.
According to a cis-page complaint filed in Manhattan Supreme Court,
Muhammad Sumaya said that without his consent,
he was forced to have sexual relations with M'Elia.
$100 million sounds like a minimum.
Can you even begin to imagine?
I don't want to.
Maybe 50 years ago.
I believe he sees probably a maggot magnet.
He said he finally succumbed to her advances after many repeated attempts
and has evidence of a relationship that offered no details of this complaint.
A spokesman from M'Elia was not immediately available for comment
on Liza's charges to surface publicly in the civil suit
that was filed against the entertainment last month by Sumaya,
who also claims he was beaten by M'Elia and subjected to wear rages.
In an affidated November 3, there was also one COD yesterday.
M'Elia said she'll vigorously defend herself against the charges
and says Sumaya's got through a great deal of personal distress and pain
by violating a confidential reality agreement against Sine.
Her affidated didn't address the allegations made by Sumaya
about being forced to have sexual relations with her.
He was hired by M'Elia 94 as a personal bodyguard and assistant
and paid manual salary of a mere 238 grand.
He wants 50 million from M'Elia for her intentional assault and battery,
another 50 million for sexual harassment, and 89 granded backwazes.
In his complaint, he said throughout his employment,
and Liza hit and assaulted him repeatedly,
but fearing loss of his lucrative job, he tolerated her violent outbursts.
M'Elia's estranged husband, David Guest,
is assuing her for a 10 million also,
claiming the singer beat him during drunken rages.
M'Elia's denied beating him and counter-suited him,
claiming he cheated her out for the incident.
Oh, she's got some real problems, O'Liza!
Wow, man, oh man.
See, I'm kind of torn because I got a whole bunch of good stuff here,
and they want these bedtime stories,
but they also want more crazy calls, you know?
I'll take you one thing, we shouldn't have wasted any time, did we?
No.
You tell us you want it and we you get it.
56070560,
Pound 560 on a Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
We had that one lady calling very, very early on, I think that'll be it.
Don't you?
Probably.
Yeah.
72A and hello.
Hi, I'm Walter Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, Neil, yeah, I just want to recommend a great book,
which should be re-read by everybody,
about this the opposite scene that we're into right now,
and that's the handmaid tale by Margaret Atwood.
Either read the book or rent the movie.
Okay.
Very well, the Volpheus Office,
seeing that book was precipitated by an attack by Muslim extremists.
You know how tough or effective it was.
Sounds like a great thing, but no, that's a peanut curable manual, yeah.
There you go.
Another great book,
it can't happen here by Singular Lewis,
written in the 30s about UIs, American fascism,
both novels, both great books,
and you may want to make that a whole question one day,
with Booker Movie.
Bench Represents,
a current political climate, 1984.
One of those,
the interest of your people, thanks.
Or how about saving private Ryan?
Yeah, there you go.
Okay.
Thank you very very well.
Thank you.
Okay.
Saving private Ryan,
Huckaberry Finn,
Tom Sawyer, all of these things, man.
Evolution, all of these Kami Pico Plus,
all of the Satanistic garbage, man.
We've got to get back to God.
That's what we have to do.
Get back to the Lord.
Get back to all that mumbo-jumbo in the Bible,
of course, all depending on which Bible you have it,
or you're squeezing it at the moment, right?
You've got to get back to all that
and trappings and trappings, man.
The robes and the miders and the rosary beads and the wafers
and the crucifixes and all of this crap,
all of this nonsense,
all of this silly-ass storage garbage
by the Flatter of Society,
that people are killing each other over an ally
to heaven since they first made any of this crap up.
God Almighty.
I can also name it at the Bible that we got.
Oh, the Racken Bible.
Oh, yeah.
The Racken Freakin' Bible.
Let it go, life, and then the Lord save it.
Let there be light, and will.
There was light from the same people
who brought to the much beloved talking Bible,
comes a new 10-volume saint,
brilliantly updated for the 80s.
Yes, it's the Rapping Bible.
There was darkness everywhere in the man's seat.
And the light was the thing.
He said, I've done good.
There's no doubt on the seventh day.
He just showed how jealous it is.
Genes, things beginning to doubt.
Bring any more things.
I am never good for a kid's bad.
And he was wearing his mask and a jacket.
And I was just out of control, saw him.
And tomorrow, everybody body black,
no tomorrow, God will down set.
Now my fault, don't look back or you turn.
And you fell on the white circle,
started the ring, the cow came up and left,
and then she took a lick,
and the she gave up.
Imagine all the time,
all the terrible, every sacred,
difficult, and interpreted by the fight
of the fuck in faith of all time.
Genes, things beginning to doubt.
So rapping Bible, making his way
at rest again.
141 at 560 W.D. Q.
And my schedule says,
a ninja ended to two o'clock.
So if it's more Howard David or somebody else,
don't blame us.
We're just going by the schedule.
Of course, they're not giving us much information anymore
because we're bad people and we're like, you know,
soon we'll be on the outside.
Third grade of Encero Soda Charge,
well, of course I'm already on the outside,
and very pleased about it.
Third grade of Encero Soda Charge,
with sex crime.
This is America for you again, boys and girls.
A nine year old boy was arrested
in Tampa.
Well, actually, yeah, in Tampa.
Oh.
After he looked at a female classmate,
skirt and touch the authority said.
He was arrested.
The boy, a third grader,
had book a elementary school,
was released to his parents after being booked Monday
if he's Soda County jail.
Our charges of ludicrous malastation.
So I guess it was in Soda,
but it says that eight lines camp.
Because it's within like 50 miles.
School principal Grendel and Regal said the boy
had been suspended before because of a pattern
of repeated acts that are sexual in nature.
He's just hurry, honey.
He was accused of touching the girl who's also nine
as they rode home in front of you in a school bus.
This week the boy admitted he had abused her
according to his arrest report.
According to the report, the boy grabbed the girl's hands
and held them behind her back in the seat.
He then lifted her skirt and touched her the report says.
He also pulled her shirt up around her neck saying,
look, she's not wearing a bra according to the report.
Of course, she's nine years old.
She said it for those T-shirt up and said,
look, he's not wearing one.
In fact, look at that.
He is.
Potential.
Potential penalties in the event the boys found
Jodie include outpatient therapy,
probation, juvenile commitment, and maybe the electric chair.
Get all sparky cranked up again up there in Arcadia, man.
Right now it's not Arcadia's start.
I'm sorry.
Just because it's a felony, it doesn't mean he's going away
to run, heinous and asses and state attorney.
The younger the child, the lesser the time
we are to try a commitment program.
I say, fry his little ass, okay?
He's all you other horny over testosterone kids.
Cut the crap, right? Right now.
Right. Before you're next.
Speaking of that, women elect boss bank them for errors.
Oh, your lover, this is from the story.
Okay.
Ed Bank Tennessee.
One of the reddest of the red states,
man, you don't get no redder than Tennessee.
Even their cheeks are red.
Black dome, that's right, them's the ones.
Two young women complained to police.
The police that they were spanked by their 50...
Pami?
Drop them.
Long Paini.
Two young women complained to police that they were spanked
by their 50-70-year-old employer from mistakes on the job.
And now the boss faces criminal charges.
Well, goody good, drum drop.
One of the women told police that on her first day
at the tasty flavors snow biz,
before any spanking on her Paul Eugene Levin Good,
made her sign a statement that said,
I give Gene permission to bust my behind-
anyway he sees fit.
This is not a joke, this is an associated press story.
I give Gene permission to bust my behind-
anyway he sees fit.
Reptome.
All right.
Man, you talk about mugwumps.
Isn't that great?
The bust my behind.
The separate complaints prompted two sexual battery charges against Levin Good,
of Cleveland, who was freed on 2 grand bond pending in November 16,
court hearing.
Levin Good could be reached for comment,
and his tasty flavor snow-based shaved ice business in the chat
Nougat-Severb was closed.
Tasty flavor snow-based shaved ice.
Police sergeant J. Leman said the two 19-year-old women likely accepted the spankings
instead of leaving immediately because they were brought up to respect anybody
who's an authority figure.
One of the women told police that November 1 that she was shot at the incident,
but couldn't believe because she had no transportation.
Maybe she enjoyed it.
The other woman said she continued to work for Levin Good more than a year after
she was spanked and reported to police that he told her either she could be spanked
or be fired to it.
I wonder if they told that to Molly, I think that was the choice?
No.
Maybe they told that to Gildy.
He likes getting spanked.
The AP is not identifying the women because they may be victims of a sexual crime.
According to police documents, one of the women reported that on October 30,
October 4, on the job, Levin Good called her into the back room of the story
and she forgot to put a banana in the back room of the story.
Oh my God.
Yeah, yeah.
We haven't heard it that far yet.
He called her into the back room of the story and she forgot to put a banana in a smoothie drink.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, that's where the spanked.
Guess where he was thinking about, well, she said that his punishment Levin Good bent her over his knee
and spanked her behind 20 times.
She said that this was one day after he snapped the photograph from her behind
and she reached for a flavor bottle on a shelf.
Le Mans said one of the women showed him photographs that had been kept at the store.
The photos of the woman were shot from behind, so to speak.
And in some cases don't show faces, but all you see are the behinds, he said.
These photos are not sexually explicit.
He said they're clothed.
You've got to pass this along to that guy that does those inside of the behind bits.
At the company headquarters in Minneapolis, sales manager Tom Novetski described Levin Good as a very good,
Christian person.
Of course.
He said the company's toll free number is very visible for employees and customers we've never had a complaint.
A very Christian person who just likes ass.
He said Levin Good opened the store about two years ago and his independent operator is in our front.
Tell us around a little spank, you never hurt nobody, right?
You were listening to me.
You were listening to me.
I'm going to see you.
5.99 is three is revised on the history revision channel.
Loyal subject now came, others sought the helter of a closet to pull down their pants.
Then he came twice and judgment of the living to make them dead.
On this hector of the third white rose for power, the whole of his favorite woman who was there.
In New York, the whole of New York was there.
One hunt with dying from three poofs served by Jim Jones.
The whole of New York was there.
But now, with thousands of kids in Iraq getting loans and bloody trucks or another endless more of self-serving women's.
W is here.
Join host New Cambridge for George W. Bush, the second coming all over New York only on the history revision channel.
I had still not too late for lunch, man.
Don't forget what they say.
Nothing to be fired of, and to eat tink's on Spadina.
I hear a little more on that story that we had such tremendous speech upon, since we have a very sensitive audience.
We're very concerned about the inequities and grotesque things that are happening in the world.
Here's just a little bit more.
I'm going to continue.
See, we got like two shows going again.
There's like the old days back in the day.
When we had the new Raju show that I was doing in New York part of and Josh made me a little bit too many wakes up and quits nipping his finger.
And then we had the ones that cars are doing, which is a totally whole different ball of wax.
Have you ever smelled Josh's finger?
Let me say it again. No, not yet. Ball of wax.
Pretty good.
Really?
Easty?
Speak of knowledge.
Fighting in Fallujah, well I wonder if my friend had anything to do with that.
Back home.
No.
A Roma.
Fighting in Fallujah is created a humanitarian disaster in which innocent people are dying because medical help cannot reach some aid workers in Iraq today.
In one case, a pregnant woman and a child died in a refugee camp left the city of Fallujah after the mother unexpectedly aborted.
No doctors were on hand.
An official from the Iraqi Red Crescent Society be saying.
In another case, the young boy died from a snake bite that normally would have been easily treatable.
From a humanitarian point of view, it's a disaster.
There's no other way to describe it.
She said, and if we don't do something about it soon, it's going to spread to other cities too.
About 10,000 U.S. soldiers and 2,000 Iraqi troops are fighting to rest control of Fallujah, back from the insurgents.
At least 2,200 families have fled Fallujah in recent days and are struggling to survive without enough water food or medicine in nearby towns and villages.
Some families have fled as far as to creak, about 150 kilometers north of Fallujah, that's like 90 miles.
But the biggest concern is people in the Iran Fallujah itself, they can't be reached because U.S. and Iraqi forces have set up a wide cordon around the city of the prevent anyone from entering any insurgents from fleeing.
It's unclear how many civilians are left in Fallujah, but U.S. military estimates 150,000 or have the entire population have fled the city since they began shaping up for an area of war.
The Muslim clerks' association estimates about 60,000 people are still there, but it's unknown how they arrived at that figure because of the chaos no official numbers are available or possible.
Many of those who fled are with relatives and don't show up in refugee states.
Between nightly curfew and the danger of venturing out of the streets many are effectively trapped at home.
We've asked for permission from the Americans to go into the city and help the people there, but we haven't heard anything back from them.
There's no medicine, no water, no electricity, they need our help.
The Red Crescent Society has teams of doctors and relief experts ready to go into each of Fallujah's districts with a central aid that needs U.S. approval first.
U.S. military was not immediately available to comment on the agency request, but said its first priority is to defeat the rebels, hold up in Fallujah.
In other words, as long as we have to take care of that first we can't worry about these pending the Ascension bystanders.
Nearly 30% of the city to go, that collateral damage.
And offensive with lost Monday, Audi, Audi, Fiori Street to Street funding since, Commanders say they do anything they came to minimize civilian losses, but it's not always possible.
And then they took out the piece of about the 90-year-old boy after the Shremmo died hours later, a blood loss, and was buried in the Garden of the Family at home.
The International Committee of the Red Cross has there a thousand developing and women and children who've had no food or water for days, at least 20,000 gathered in the town of Saklawea, South of Fallujah.
The Red Cross is very worried. We were job from patents to guarantee passage to those who need medical care, regardless of whether they are friends or foes, books in an Ascension of Rui, said they must be allowed to return home as soon as possible.
Aid workers say there are still hundreds of families left in the city, which has been pummeled by sustained aerial bombardment in our tele-fire recent days.
We know at least 157 families inside Fallujah need our help. For some it's already too late.
One mother and her three daughters had intended to flee, but their home was hit by a bombardment earlier this week, and all of them died.
Neighbors who escaped to a labor force. So we've got all kinds of people that died over there, and you know, double-teach them, I guess.
Double-teach them to trust those Americans. And when speaking of that, former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev presented a singer-songwriter, Yusuf Islam, formerly known as Kat Stevens, with a peace prize, too much after he was refused entry into the United States on National Security Grounds. How do you like that?
Anybody who sings a song called Peace Train's got to be really dangerous the way I'm looking at it.
Killer.
The man for Peace 2004 prize was presented at a ceremony in Rome City Hall, marking the opening of the fifth world Nobel summit in Annual Gathering of Nobel Peace Laureates led by Gorbachev, who won the prize himself in 1990.
This isn't in Rome, New York, by the way, or Rome, Georgia. This is in Rome, Italy.
The award is given annually to distinguish personage and culture and entertainment for peace messages, for turning the integration between nations.
The 57-year-old singer said Rock and Roller contributed to the development of society in the strangest ways, expressing an necessity to abolish taboos and move forward, but also in giving young people the possibility to express their hopes and weaknesses.
For me, it was a way of expressing my ideals for a better world out of the singer, best known for his mellow 1970 hits such as Morning Is Broken, Wild World, and Peace Train.
Oh my God.
It's a great moment of the month from faith in 1977. That's right. How about that Peace Train?
You want a peace of Iraq and a peace of Iran and a peace of this and a peace of ass?
A peace of party.
Right. Gorbachev used the occasion to call on fellow Nobel Peace Laureates for a president in Rome to write a letter to all the other Nobel winners in order to propose initiatives which can facilitate the process of world peace.
Islam was recognized for its charity, small kindness was worse to alleviate the suffering of children and their parents in countryside by war, and so far assisted thousands of people in post-Avozania, Albania, Montenegro and Iraq.
A previous one or the man for peace of word was a titan-strictor and filmmaker, Roberto Vanini, for his film Life is Beautiful.
Islam was deported from the U.S. last September after being denied entry on security grounds and released without charge.
He was traveling to the U.S. Capitol when his flight was awarded to Bangor, Maine, if it were worse than death, where he was detained before being transferred later to Washington for his flight back to his native Britain because it was a good dog and pony show.
We can't get Osama Yamama, we can't get Oswa Hiri, we can't get Malmullah Omar, right?
We got the cat.
Yes. Huh? We got the cat.
And we certainly can't get the Oswa Kauri guy who keeps moving around every time we announce to him, hey we're going to come and get you.
And for some strange reason he keeps a high tail and out of there, we can't get any of them. But we got cat Stevens.
All right. It's one thing to have the tiger body tell us another mad cat Stevens.
Aren't you excited? Very cliche for the torture. Right.
Look at that cool man, the survey. Which one of these are you? Where are you born? Where you from? What are you doing here? You got any ID?
Where are your furloughs? Who's your key? Yeah, that's right. Who's your daddy?
494 people on there, who's stay 236 red, stay 175. That's pretty even Steven, man.
I bet you'll all those are forward dog, huh? We can only pray that they're not like Mississippi and Louisiana and Georgia.
How much do we got? One or two from Andrew.
Eight?
I think we heard from Malmullah today.
Cuba 25, other Latin America.
30, man.
30.
Canada 13, Europe 11 and Asia 4. We got four Asians out there.
WDQAM, hello.
I'm Neil.
I have a guest Stevens album.
Keith of the Kilimanjee.
Yeah, okay. We're being joined.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
She died.
The only thing we have had the other people we've had there, I think we have like the same six people called all day long.
Which takes the stress off everybody else out there, you know what I mean?
567, 0560. When you say like about 6 or 7?
6, 7.
Talks.
Counts 560 and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
And of course we had the great call from the guy that told us it cost 40 bucks to download that fire box.
WDQAM, WDQAM, hello.
Fireballey.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
If you have John Kerry, what's with the long face?
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I know you're in Canada.
What are they saying about this hockey situation up there?
You don't get any information.
We don't care anymore.
How about you care?
Nobody cares.
Screw both of them.
I'll tell you about all our houses.
I don't start with a hockey talk.
We finally get a roll here with a bunch of crazy people.
And you start with this hockey garbage.
You know, you people have got nothing man.
You bring nothing to the table.
Every day we bring all kinds of frankincense and more and good stuff here in Halibon.
And all kinds of cock-a-ri-man.
And what do you bring to the table?
Nothing.
Zero, zip and e-doodle.
At least you're consistent.
You know?
All of these years nearly a 30 now.
About 30, man.
Day after day after day.
What do they want?
They want more calls, man.
More calls.
More and these people have got nothing to say.
You know, you can draw it like draw it on a road, man.
Oh, and by the way, you notice now that the Arafaris did.
They're talking again about the road map to the east.
Yeah, sure.
It won't be long before they start talking about the quintet.
Or the quartet.
What do you really win in this quartet?
Whatever they were talking about.
Spring quartet.
God, the G-Strength quartet.
Oh, you can't say that.
Oh, look, there's another schedule for next week.
How have we got a nice week schedule?
Oh, sorry.
Check it for changes.
How about you, Martin?
I don't know what they had to be in the other ones.
Oh, I see.
You know what I think they did?
I think they put, they made a mistake, which would be a first for them.
They had Moan on next.
Oh, look at this.
What is this?
Oh, this wasn't next week's schedule.
This week's schedule is my bag.
Because they said when you send 50 copies of the same schedule, they did tell us that Mo was on yesterday.
How do you like that?
We just didn't see it.
We didn't catch it.
You know?
So we apologize to the audience in advance or after the fact that we didn't warn you in advance.
Okay, we're sorry.
Our bad.
We apologize for the stress mental anguish.
W-Q-A-N, hello?
Uncle M.
First of all, tell Moan McCant get on the ball so we don't lose you.
We're like, we're going to lose the other guy.
Who's a second banana to you anyway, but enough of that.
You know, I don't know.
I can't see you right on top of it, man.
I can't see you get off long enough.
And the other thing is about the vote.
You know, ironically Florida was always kind of a blue state and I was proud of that.
And then...
Not no Moan, man.
Yeah, I know. Tell me about it.
I'm proud of that.
Thank the world.
If you insist on being a blue state, they're going to fix it to make sure that it's better than you can believe it.
In fact, maybe they'll bring the spanking guy to town.
He's a good Christian.
If they're going to fix it, I'm wearing a job strap.
Then they'll like it.
We'll read for you.
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
That's right.
He's going to spank your ass in the shape.
How do you like that?
I think, I think, when you see what's going on in the world today,
I think Jesus needs to come back and give all the evil doers a big and some good spanking.
That's true.
It seems in real Roger.
How is he going to spank the dam?
Stop on to two hours!
Hi, Bay.
I'm tired of this.
I'm going to crack your city.
I'm going to crack your city, old and old.
I'm going to crack your city.
They got a lot of heads and gushed in there where they're going.
I don't know.
Where the gout is he where and he's he goes.
Every corner of Walbrea and hookers are no big deal.
Oh, and a cracker's shooting.
They got a lot of heads and gushed in there where they're going.
And I don't know.
Where the gout is he goes.
Where the gout is he goes.
Where the gout is he goes.
Where the gout is he goes.
Where the gout is he goes.
Where the gout is he goes.
Where the gout is he goes.
It's a minute after one at 560 W.K.M.
We've had fun in Merriman here today.
We've had some sensational call.
Didn't we?
It's picked up.
I can't even believe it myself.
I want to pinch myself.
I want to put a pinch between my gum and cheek.
Oh, I speak to them.
I speak to them.
They're dumb jokes.
Dan Marina rips it off and calls the season embarrassing.
How do you like that?
And you know what Dan, you are an unusual Dan Marina with embattman lips.
Well, they're not like Batman.
They're like the Joker.
Remember the Joker in his funny ellipse that sees her in her own head?
Like her painted on.
I wonder if Dan even will use his lipstick.
Do you think?
Chapstick I would imagine.
Chapstick.
Wreck them.
A normally reserved Dan Marina said the dolphins have to consider making major overhalls to
put an embarrassing season behind or behind.
Wreck them.
Yeah, I told him.
I always had a Maya at the game.
On HBO's inside the N.F.A.
yesterday, Danny Boy said that seeing his former team being outscored 68 to 3 in the
third quarter tells you maybe it's the coaching or something with a staff.
They'll have to take a serious look at challenging everything.
Serious.
Huh?
He said serious.
In fact, aren't the NFL games on XM were serious?
One of those.
In fact, all of the imagelings, basketball, baseball, now, and they're all on the series next
M.
That's the way of the future, baby.
Remember that the end?
You're right in the way of the future?
That's it.
That's what it's at.
In fact, I would take all your videos, all your regular old-fashioned videos right now,
put them in the bottom of the bathtub and just, you know, just turn on the old-fera faucet.
Moreno didn't spare franchise owner Wayne Heisinger, that's Mr. H.T.U.
Danny.
If there's a fault with Heisinger, maybe he's too nice of a guy.
Too nice of a guy.
Oh, I thought I heard.
Because he gave Coach Dave Onset a two-year contract that's sent after I see.
And I think maybe the word you're looking for is like stupid.
Didn't all of us wonder after that this vascular season last year?
Why in the world would he give a guy that's such an obvious loser a two-year contract
extent stupid?
That's the word we're looking for, right?
No, stupid.
Yeah.
Well, it's making a mole.
You know, it could have been very easy for one of those middle-level management people
until, for example, a mole is on for a mad dog today.
We've done that in the past, right?
Right.
Yesterday.
And then you could have passed it along right on the year.
We said, oh, by the way, mole beyond, so, you know, for a warrantous forearm or something like that.
But no.
They had to act stupid.
Right.
And said a whole schedule all over you.
But one little change on there, talk about wasting paper and cutting down maple trees for nothing.
You people ought to be ashamed of yourselves, wasting my valuable paper, you idiots.
One step resigned to his day as a lie.
After the dolphins are on the audience, Marina would be easing his criticism since retiring.
He has been especially diplomatic since February 3rd when he resigned as team executive after
just 22 days under job.
And he saw the handwriting on the walls.
While Marina said that dolphins need to play quarterback AJ Feely the rest of his season,
his HBO colleague from her dolphins receiver Chris Carter.
Oh, God, I'm so sorry that I missed that thing.
Well, where the hell is it?
Chris Carter, remember him?
Good right.
Chris.
Yeah.
I don't blame all.
Good job, by Chris.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Chris Carter disagreed and said Feely will not succeed in the dolphins offensive system.
The offensive system is terrible Carter said it would even make Dan Marina look average to which
Marina replied, that's hard to do.
And to which we reply.
Yup, yup.
Very funny, Danny.
It's a disaster is what it is.
It's a mitigated disaster.
That's why the people are so like coming on glue, okay?
Don't confuse them with stuff that's going on this blood bath in Iraq and all these innocent people
by including their own kids and neighbors and stuff like that.
And pain in the ass bystanders.
Don't confuse them with crap like that.
They're more concerned that the dolphins are like one in eight and the season is a mitigated disaster.
And that sports and South Florida are an absolute end of panthers, although they haven't lost a game yet.
I think that franchise is ill-fated if you pardon that expression.
As in, like they said, Ruth Chris, well done.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
One of they're going to clean up this background, fluvial music stuff.
They're not. W.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, Paul Cash.
There is.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Hey, Neil.
Did I hear you say earlier that there were 35 or so Americans soldiers that were kidnapped?
Yes.
Where is that?
I'm on BBC I right now.
Oh, that's a certain world you're in a week.
It was from like a tooth there, I believe.
Did you have it on yours?
Yeah.
I always need your lipstick.
I didn't see that.
All right.
I can go into the archives and find it.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
You're not going to see about that on TV because it's bad.
You're not watching the news.
Don't you people understand?
You're watching propaganda.
Propaganda.
There is no more news in American TV.
The media just have totally a capitulate.
They've thrown themselves just like CBS Caving in there.
They made them off today.
First of all, they didn't.
They got Dan Radar fired, even though he told the truth.
You see, basically, whether those were the original documents or not, when they had the secretary from that guy in Texas,
and she said, oh, well, you know, there's no look like the original documents they may or may not be.
But it makes no difference because that's exactly how we felt and what he knew and what he said.
Is that Bush-Gust special treatment?
And he got in there and didn't throw up.
And you know, it's well documented.
He's a draft doctor.
He was AWOL.
And like the one article we read the other day said, he never flew a plane again after he disappeared.
Never, ever, even though he lied about it.
And even though he was strutting around on that aircraft carrier in full regalia.
Yeah, regalia is with him.
Right.
Mission accomplished.
Here is the commander in thief, man, and phony below me liars.
See, that's also part of that moral values, crowd, man.
Don't confuse us with the facts.
He's our great moral leader, even though he's a drunk and a co-catic and a liar and a murderer, all of these things.
Any wall and a bad businessman who failed at everything he ever tried, even though it was handed to him on a silver plate.
Now forget about that.
He's a good moral leader, man.
He talks our language.
He's dumb like us.
He's a Yahoo.
He's a redneck.
Oh, Christian, I say so.
Right. He's a good Christian like us.
Good Christian line.
He's a God here and man.
I'm God, I'm a fair and I'm fair and I'm fair and I'm fair and I'm fair and I'm fair and I'm fair and because they're dangerous, man.
They're religious enough.
Just like that, I keep saying it.
The drool and Yahoo of all people, Lindsey Graham to put his little thumb on it.
The fight, the struggle in the world today is against religious fanaticism and you don't have to look very far.
Just look out your window.
Saving private Ryan, my ass.
Is that incredible or what?
What's it going to be next?
What will it be next?
Seven heaven won't be on anymore.
I was flipping it the other day in the channel of thing two and they're like showing it at a young cop at his bride.
They're in bed.
Oh, God, I can't see that.
It's going to have to be like back in the days of Lucy.
And Dan La Bastard, Baba Lou, back in those days when they were like in separate beds, they were in twin beds.
Because back in the day, you sure couldn't show people sinking in the same bed because them and they might be doing something.
Even though of course she was pregnant at the time, maybe Lucy just had the macular conception.
You think that's what it was?
What they all did.
Because we know that Lucy and Dezzie were in doing the old immemorial.
No chance, no way.
She was too wholesome for that.
So he was too Cuban.
Right.
And we certainly know that Fred and Ethel weren't even though they might have wanted to.
Oh, Fred Mertz.
What I did, I mentioned about Boca Brian.
Thanks, Boca.
Well, it's a good thing I've been to that old time TV thing.
He sent me my birthday present, which wasn't quite as extravagant as the prisoner series.
That George sent me with a $21.50 Canadian poster, giant.
You know, the thing with Boca Brian since he sent it from Amazon.com, I didn't have to pay a dime poster.
I sent money from Amazon.com.
Well, they don't like it.
I'm going to borrow some crap.
Just don't worry about it.
Don't go for $21.54 Canadian.
Don't worry about it.
They actually have a lot more than that.
The principle of the thing.
I want to have a lot more than that.
It would buy me a stay.
I mean, a real nice day is today.
I'm not going to say how much because there's nobody's business.
But I did just fine.
Well, how much?
More than that.
Anyway.
So he sends me a 4 CD's, no less Rocky and Volvinco.
I haven't had a round of it yet, but oh, man, am I excited about that.
Now, don't ask me which one more excited about the prisoner or Rocky and Volvinco.
Well, that was one.
Although I asked the first prisoner episode in addition to which you probably didn't even
realize it, on the first disc, and I haven't gotten a data one yet, but maybe they also have.
There's an alternate version of the first, it's called, when the times that they've been.
Although I did that another, which is a very rare and maybe never even shown on TV.
Alternate version of the opening episode of the prisoner with Patrick Tagu and...
Number six.
I'm not an umbrella, I'm a man.
Number six.
It's interesting, I sure like Rover though.
We need Rover.
We need Rover at 2AM.
Wouldn't that be great?
Well, high boys kind of like Rover.
Yeah, no sense that we need Rover.
We need a big plastic ball.
It's just kind of like roves around and just smothers certain people.
How do I match any names, okay?
Smothers certain individuals to save us from the rest of their absolute insanity.
Great.
I don't want to match any names though.
560-560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
We're going to get a lot of these good calls in between now and two o'clock.
The audience loves it.
They're felling from it today.
WQA and hello.
Neil?
Yes sir.
Got a question for you.
Uh huh.
This isn't Gary Sarner is it?
No it's not.
It's not.
He always says question.
Question because he's an idiot.
Go ahead.
Low hour day which is coming on pretty soon.
I got a problem.
He's not coming on pretty soon.
He was on yesterday.
He's not on today.
He was on yesterday.
I'm sure he's even though he doesn't.
He doesn't listen.
I'm sure he doesn't listen.
When he does these games now listening.
Yeah he's listening right now.
He's playing golf or he's listening or both.
Maybe he's got a Sony Walkman.
Why is that there?
Of course.
He's calling these touchdowns now.
We're like one in 20 and it's like we want the Super Bowl.
You know?
Yeah.
What do you want to do?
I mean I'm not going to want to run to defend Moe because it's like defending the defenseless.
But what do you want to do?
You're just throwing the towel.
I mean it got to create a lot of excitement somewhere.
No but he's called when we score touchdowns like we want in overtime.
Yeah.
And we want the Super Bowl.
I mean he's just going to tell you he's got to understand that we're out of it now.
I just think that's not my thing.
I'm going to roll over and play.
Did they still got seven games to go man?
You're wrong.
Even George would defend Moe on that.
He's going to pay to make the game exciting all right?
I defend my close personal friend Moe on that.
That's a good one.
Right.
You go Moe.
Right?
Or go less.
No, no seriously.
I mean what is that?
In other words he's supposed to just roll over and play dead and act like everything is boring.
So the game is how about again it's like 62-3 or something like that.
Like that you can't just forget about it.
Right?
Forget about it.
I mean most people in town would like to but got about it.
But they've had a long way to go.
I mean just because Dave wants that I can and because Mr. Rachel is alive to receive about it.
Eddie Jones came in with him and he was a checkered plaid pants.
Oh what an outfit man.
Can I ask you one question?
No seriously.
All right.
It's a sponge brown.
It's got a tag.
No.
What a bunch of Harvey.
I know Harvey's green and Fudge Brown.
I bet there was a lot of Fudge Brown going on in that organization after this early part of the season.
A lot of change over pantaloonies in the dolphin organization because they really suck how the mighty have fallen, how they've taken a once proud.
Oh you know that sure little thing.
Do you think I can play that or not?
Well we could always dump it.
What is it called?
No one know we've listened to it before the show today.
Mm-hmm.
Pat his brain stem in the butt.
Make him swear like Brian.
Yes.
Bye bye, Shula.
Thanks.
Pat his breath in his grip to get him off this sinking ship.
Bye bye, Shula.
So Pat he was great but that was an 1892 century village once him but he's not a Jew.
Oh hey.
It's been great to see you round.
Get that now out of Miami town.
Yes.
Shula.
Bye bye.
So Pat.
Bye bye.
Shula.
Pat from my way out.
Oh.
And it wasn't bad.
I was a little bit on the chaffy side but considered it was like improv too.
I jumped in all the right places.
Just like a little vegan dog I jumped in all the right places.
Remember that song by Bob Lumin?
Nope.
It's my wife was in the song looking for love in all the right places.
Oh yeah.
I thought it was Mickey Gill.
No Bob Lumin was a word talk.
Let's talk about it.
Whatever.
So 1113 and 560.
Let's play some country music.
Oh yeah.
Let's play some Schmidt kicking music now that's the W in the crowd.
Now that all these God squad people are taken over.
You watch those numbers on Kisco up right through the sky now.
All in good far and good far and fear and butt-licking country music people.
Hey, if you're expecting guest this Thanksgiving it's not the turkey that makes the meal special.
Let's the people.
Make sure your guest league does as comfortably as you do by calling dial a mattress at 1-800-Matrus.
Whether they plan weeks in advance and give you like some warning or they just show up and knock it on your door without any warning.
You can get them just to write mattress the very same day.
Because when you call 1-800-Matrus you'll save an initial 20% on select models while supplies last.
Choose from the top names in the industry.
See these sort of Simmons King Coral Strins and Foster Temporary Pete and they got them all.
When you call 1-800-Matrus you'll get same day delivery.
You'll pick the date and time for delivery that two are willing to fit your schedule.
And guess what?
They show up.
Dial Macrus is mighty proud of that 99.7% on time record.
The ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction and they were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch of Excellence Award.
I've been using dial a mattress for years.
More and more people are around town or using them because they know that going to their bedroom department stores is a waste of time,
gas and money and they're going to get ripped off.
If you want a great unbeatable deal just pick up that phone and call them right now.
You can log on to their website mattress.com but then make that easy call.
They'll beat that one you want them.
1-800-Matrus 1-800-MATTRES.
You're a season meal Roger.
So I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
What's going on with this stuff?
I'm glad I'm glad.
Where are we flying, Iraq?
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're flying, Iraq.
We're going.
We're flying.
!"
While the people were,
theายas say,
they're being 1950.
They were you.
We didn't get to reach the Texas high school.
or rather, who wants to participate in our performance?
Yeah, I know.
You guys want to hear this brother having common,
either one of them ever did non-estay's work in their entire line.
Right. So the word work and the word military,
so all of these things, all of these words,
are kind of like foreign language to them.
Of course, English is kind of like a foreign language.
That's why he's so popular in Florida.
Where are you originally from, speaking of that,
we got the red states and the blue states,
we got divided America, 595 people above it,
and check it on there, which is pretty appalling.
It should be a lot more than that.
I mean, it should take like two seconds of your time,
but they don't carry, you know, they just don't carry anymore.
I started to say before we can see like the road map on there,
like right after the election was over,
the two days later, last Thursday,
the drop off, I mean, they just, you know,
they're just beaten and knocked down and dragged out,
they don't keep a rat's ass anymore, and that's it.
595 people, 286 of the blue state,
and 209 from the red state.
32 from Cuba, 35 from other Latin America,
15 from Canada, 13 from Europe and 5 Asians.
How is that possible we only got 35 from all the other Latin America?
I was head-possibly, I mean, I realized this was only like a little,
a tiny slice, because we don't pick it up, I would have liked it.
Because I would imagine we probably got like not 35, but like maybe 40.
When you think, at least,
US ambassador intervened in Halibut and contract documents show,
more scandal that you won't hear too much about
because the Democratic Party is the weak sister in the US who all over and play dead.
I just got an email from Peter Schumann here, moveon.org.
Investigate the vote, you know, I did with it.
Delete it? With all the money?
I deleted it so fast, man. You could leave it.
With the per... Yeah, I mean, yeah, I go, yeah, and I'm not far ready.
We know the election was rigged and fine.
What are you going to do about it?
We're over and spread your legs.
US ambassador to Kuwait Intervened last year to ensure that Halibut
and the Royal Services Company once led by Dick Taney,
who's got that bull-dike daughter, Mary,
retained Kuwaiti businesses as a subcontractor,
delivered fuel to Iraq documents released yesterday show,
State Department documents appeared to contradict the Bush Administration's assertion
that all decisions involving Halibut and contracts were handled only by career contracting offices for the government.
Oh, don't tell me they'd lie those moral people?
Those are the moral values people, man.
They wouldn't lie to us. Of course not.
The ambassador's effort was aimed at ensuring that the company
favored by the Kuwaiti government remained part of the contract,
with the rack experiencing a gasoline shortage after the US-led invasion last year.
US officials gave Halibut and the job of obtaining fuel and Kuwaiti delivering it to Iraq.
The work became part of Halibut and existing $2.5 billion,
no bid worked for restore Iraq's oil industry.
On May 4, 2003, Halibut and S3 Kuwaiti companies
to bid the next day Halibut and to its KBR subsidiary placed its first order with,
and then, what is it?
Althamania. Althamania, whatever it is. Althamia.
By that December, an Army Corps of Engineer Contracting Officer was pushing Halibut and to put the fuel delivery contract out for competitive bids.
The same month, US ambassador Richard Jones wrote that Halibut and officials had to get off their butts and conclude deals that would keep Althamia as a subcontractor.
Tell them we want to deal with Althamia within 24 hours and don't take any excuses, Jones wrote.
The documents turned over to a congressman by the State Department,
who doesn't disclose whom Jones' message was directed.
They got scandal up to their arches and who added Valerie Plame and how about all the secret energy meetings behind Closers.
By the way, guess the new Hoseha Menis, the new attorney general?
Guess who's boarded directors? He was sitting his ass on.
I don't know, Halibut.
Enron.
Enron! You remember Kenny Boyle, the Bush people all of a sudden forgot all about any idea who that is anymore?
Who's that?
Enron! Another crook.
I just mentioned these things in passing. I don't want to get you whipped up because most of you don't keep a flying crap anyway.
All you care about is like making an ass out of yourself, so let's get a lot more calls in.
567-0560, Tom 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. It's really sad, man. It's really pathetic.
I mean, when you're dealing with something about morons, they're morons all the time.
That's just part of the time, all the time. 24-7. They're morons.
In fact, a lot of you should be walking around with a sign on your forehead. Hey, look at me. I'm a moron.
Although, mostly you don't need to wear it. Yeah, we can see it.
Yeah, we know.
Fought about the credit.
That's a good one.
WQA, and hello.
Hey, you're mad. It's just about the point of it, dog.
No, okay. Well, too late.
Yeah.
Hey, you had a three o'clock of bomb. Call the mad dog.
He'll take you or your cramp. 70 QA. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Don't put all those Christians in one pot here because there's a lot of evangelicals that are against bush.
I'll either do not.
I would say, you know, I want to stay proud with those 30 then.
So you're right on the money. A lot of things I may disagree on others, but God bless you.
Okay. I'll pray for you.
I'll pray for you to see the light and burn your brain with all that mumble of jumbo.
Okay, all that nonsense.
All those fairy tales.
It reminds me of it's like that Robert guy that we appreciate all the really neat stuff he sent us that we put on our website.
He's a fine guy in every spec.
But when he calls this show and tells me that he's moving to Israel, that's his thing.
My only expression would be, that's all I would say.
And I am one more is there to say.
I mean, talk about a death wish.
Talk about life.
You could say that.
Huh?
You could say good luck to him.
He'll need it.
Yeah.
Don't ride the bus.
Yeah, don't ride the bus.
Don't walk the streets.
Go forward to the pizza joint.
Go to Israel.
Of all the places, I mean, people, I have so many times that people have said to me,
what do you like to travel?
You need to be in all these European countries.
Why don't you ever go to Israel?
I'd rather go to Bangladesh.
Okay.
I'd rather go to Nairobi.
I'd rather go to Martinique.
I'd rather go to Tanzania.
Huh?
I'd rather go to Fallujah and take my chances.
Well, big enough.
And it is real.
I just don't get that whole professional juthing.
I have a professional Cuban thing, professional juthing.
I don't understand it.
As long as I live, I'll never be able to...
What's that all about?
I don't know.
It's part of the same inculcated indoctrination brainwashing.
It's just like the religion thing, man.
Oh, I'm a professional juke.
I'm a professional Catholic.
I'm a professional Cuba.
Whatever that crap is.
Stop that garbage already, okay?
Your government is slaughtering innocent people left and right, man.
They're lying like crazy.
They're sliding the news.
They're putting propaganda.
You can't even watch a movie anymore.
That was okay to watch three, four years ago.
And maybe 20 years ago, because everything's being censored now.
We can't even do a fart on the radio now.
Because you've got a bunch of Nazis running the FCC.
And the government and the public are sitting back.
Little, little bit like that.
You know?
Oh, did you see Tara's booby yesterday?
There was something with her nipple.
I mean, give me a little life already.
I have no life.
Yeah, that's the motto in Florida.
I have no life.
Put up a billboard right in front of your house.
Paint it on the roof.
I have no life.
Instead of putting all those stupid flags out there in front of an American flag and religious flags.
And he has risen all of the sudden garbage, man.
I have no life.
That's what you need to put a big banner out there.
Okay, let the rest of the world know what your excuse is.
Tara's order booby.
Tara booby.
Tara, don't call me Greg Reed.
That one.
Speaking of boobs.
26th after one, a QA.
I'm Helen Attitter right now about a good friend's over guaranteed mortgage bankers in
the U.S.
They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Now recently, like I've been telling you, they helped the listener of ours who never dreamed in a million years that he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home.
Not only were they able to qualify him, but the good news is they were able to present him three different options as to the type of mortgages he could get.
And they work closely with him to determine which was best.
And then they made it happen, like magic.
That's guaranteed mortgage bankers and if you'll be, you can call them toll free right now or anytime.
1-800-734-6616.
Whether you're looking for an interest only loan, a 30 year fixed rate or one of the many low rated gestable mortgages.
Guaranteed mortgage bankers in your field beach has exactly what you be looking for.
They offer payments as low as 332 bucks for every 100 grand you borrow.
And not only will they make your mortgage happen, they will even send you on a cruise.
That is correct.
After you close your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers in your field beach, you can choose one of six different seven-night cruises,
complements of guaranteed mortgage bankers.
So whether you're looking to buy a new home, maybe an investment property or just to refinance your current mortgage,
these are the folks I want you to call 1-800-734-6616 on the way with guaranteed mortgage bankers.com.
That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in your field beach where you'll treat you just like family 1-800-734-6616.
You will soon get new new new new Roger and collusion label on 5-6-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7
I'm in full of Diana's 16. What do they want with the money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really?
It's not time to get off the thing. Just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb. That's your fault. It wouldn't have been a firewood you.
Find dark skin and a red. If you want a detainee. I love our variation on the classic one.
I ask myself every day, which American should pay? Tell me who would move on with slaying.
I'm telling you the mega-volume. She literally fell and exposed herself. So find who catches the disconnection today from 1995. Or you can pay with visa, master card or weapons of master's drugs.
133-27-2-2-3-27-2-3-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-3-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-27-2-
the
Acceptable and astonishing shocking
But nevertheless we've been listening to our call yesterday. I think we're starting to give you a little bit of the answer
Just keep that one up to keep that baby up there forever. Please crack her please
Dominic you in hello
Hey, it's a game for George and your entrance from the rear. Dominic you in hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, this is Steve. Yes, Steve
This is Neil. This is Neil Steve. Neil. Why don't you put me out in the morning instead of Howard sperm? I can do I can do that
Anything else Robin? Yeah, I can be got here. We got soon enough. He's going to seriously gonna make like 50 million years
Something like that. I send in my resume right away. Okay, you lose
We got a mole and a D fo back up over gonna have some other stupid sports or have on her you watch the most
Photoshop I'm thinking of myself like yeah, we're we're approaching. It's November the 11th you realize that we are rapidly approaching a
Attorney point a fork in the road speaking of that roadmap fork of the road. Yeah, a fork in the road
In fact pick it up. Maybe you have it use it for lunch
Now seriously and because Hank's deal I think ends at sometime in December and the same with Jodie and Moe
I don't know what his I think he's got a little few months to go there
But we got all these different things going on of course Howard now threatening stern
I'm talking about to leave any day and
And serious made by out the remainder of his contract last 14 months from infinity which would leave us also without a morning show and
You know you kind of wonder about all of these things and of course what you're telling me is that our sales department is filming at the mouth because there's another sports station in town
The only thing we got is your
Social media huh? That's pretty much the that's all they care about
They don't care about us didn't care about Stern they care about the things that really you know bringing up the butter all they care about is that
And of course what if Hank should wind up over their cross history after he's been suspended three times now
I was thinking about that in the shower this morning all the years. I've worked in this business. I don't remember anybody
I'm talking about air talent anybody it makes his spend it for like three minutes or a six minute much less six weeks
Right you know now
But we're talking about this before to show this mine never hurt us such a thing and yet it's its commonplace
It's like ding dong school man. It's like kindergarten
Well, you said this and screw in his pistol. Of course. He's gone also. I'm glad the way she got can so go see sure if you stick around long enough
You'll get it
Yeah, that's right. She got her
So he's gone, but you know he looked at her cross side and called her a bunch of stuff which is which he was right on target by the way nice going
You better have to worry you all the way 400%
But I mean we're we're looking at a possible skeleton crew is what we're looking at
I can just see it right now. I can see the Lenny Marta show in the morning. All right, right?
Sponsored by budget, I'm sure I can see the Chris moron show back in the days again. Huh?
Of course if the hopper should wind up over there and what about if we don't get it often deal we knew do you think the man
Dog's gonna stick around if we if he didn't get to be on those dolphin games because I haven't know beyond the shadow without that
He's number one love is doing a cover on the dolphin games above and beyond anything else
You know that right
In fact when he left I would be when when that deal when QM first got it offens that that's why the main reason he bailed out
Oh
So I'm thinking about you know how many people do you want to suspend and piss off and screw over and treat like garbage and it's just
I don't get this place man. What happened in such a short period of time that spring book came out we kicked ass
We owned the market. We were we were killer man. We were on fire. We were on a freaking fire
Like a slot machine is playing out on every pool and all of a sudden like well things were going a little bit too good
I guess I don't know
So
WQ and hello
Hey, what's going on?
Yes sir. How you doing pal? Pretty good pretty good. I was watching that someone in those goofy sports shows on sunshine yesterday for a few minutes and there was
Gelby and
Hey, nice thing. I don't like it
Exactly you know all the other guys were sitting back chill. There was like a pal with four or five guys
Nobody's relaxing there talking no problem. So it's gelbie. It looks like gelbie's getting ready to talk and he looks like he's gonna make that noise
In the cry
But
Okay, thanks pal. Thanks for the good news. Okay. I'll be sure and avoid sunshine if I forget within
Within sniffing range of it
Gelbie on the tube man. That's really scary, you know
Although I've heard that he's got a huge promoscus. What they say. Yeah, that's the room around the building here in this quarter the building in fact
You know who told me that?
Where are you originally from that's our survey today? It's not real sexy
It doesn't require a lot of thought which is why we're not getting too much response and they're just
673 people are modeling to check in this is very important because of this red blue divide. All you people have wanted to see if you've got a succeed
You got to succeed
Blue states 325 blue states start to pull away now that's good the New Yorkers are checking in like made people from New York state
People from all over New York from
Utica and connected in Albany in the city and from a massive Piqua and from
Fredonian the Pue and Hamburg and Lockport in Ithaca and Canada, they go in Geneva and Rochester and Buffalo and
What else?
What
What?
This is the funny sounding names. Oh, Neonah. Yeah, and Binghamton don't forget it endocard. Where they make those shoes
They were been in the car. I'm about about morning where they make that glass. Sorry. Never been upstate New York
No, no, just New York. You missed absolutely nothing. Oh, in the summertime those two weeks and ex uh in the summer when it's warm
Yeah, man. It is beautiful. The like-like wine country like Canada. Well, wineries fisheries and the lakes the finger lakes
In fact, maybe that's who W is given the finger to is the finger lakes
673 people on here blue state 325, word state 235
Uh Cuban 35 other Latin American 37 Europe 18. We got 18 people are like hail from Europe probably the Dutch
Let me tell you about the freaking Dutch
Uh, Canada
Canada 16 and Asia said that we got seven people from Asia Minor probably much of Miners. Don't let this clog get a hold of them
He's in enough uh, he's in a deep enough fryer already miss come on
She's got her own issues
I wonder if he's had a good time in there 19 build to it. You know, I mean, he now's the time to save like never before it arm strong
For to homestead because you guessed it they're trying to still clear out all those remaining O4 to make room for the 2005
And they're gonna save you cash like you wouldn't even dream on all remaining O4s and stock ready for immediate delivery
And all the O5s are in and they ready to rule out too plus for limited time at arm strong forward
Give yourself 0% financing on any of the following
Explorers escapes focuses toruses and lustangs certain restrictions apply the lots of arm strong for to homestead
Are jammed like crazy and with moral fines arriving each and every day they're cutting phrases like crazy
What are they doing they're cutting prices like crazy now? You're gonna say big. That's what I said
Arm strong Ford offers more value to you too because they still offer that unbeatable deal
When you buy your forwarded arm strong for the VB their exclusive tires and batteries for life program
Which is just about unheard of like I said it is unheard of
So if you've been wanting a new car, but been like kind of stalling it off for a while
Here's the best you'll go and David ranch and rich in the staff at arm strong for to homestead
Well guarantee you the best price and don't forget arm strong for to homestead is locally owned and operated
They'll treat you just like family and I guarantee you I'll bet you Greg and the water Nazi and Jerry Surners lives all of them on it
You will get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town
No bait and switch no for any deals arm strong for to homestead and you'll find them at
307 25 South Fixie highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 check them on a wicked web first at armstrong cars
Com if you like, but I urge you to drag this a little a few minutes and then save thousands on that new Ford only at arm strong
Ford of homestead
What is he doing?
Like a manly half-issues
She'd be staying away from the foos
Her driver says she'd be in law
Everybody's out the dark she's gonna boys make weird lunches
When she's got the she grows punches
Oh, let's see if he likes to fight
And she grew a lot less cold and a hook
Crimes out so big he's dead and she gave us those black dots on her head
She grew a little bit out of his head
He should be trapped to her head
I'm dying off her hair
Right?
That's a good excuse
For a central YB and so ugly and fat and out of shape and grotesque she is runs in the family but nevertheless
I guess duty probably didn't look right to the ass end either
Probably not
Now I don't hear she looks really nasty in the ass end
We are all done is doormat
News slash ordinary Republicans and born again bush doesn't care about you either
Right? Mark Morford?
Columbus for the San Francisco Gate
He says this just in many of the modern Republicans in gate terrified evangelical Christians and intellectually non-conservative parents
Who thought they were doing some sort of good by blind voting for W and hence protecting their wee ones from
Sworthy Islamic evil derives who want to steal their kids crap lunchables and nuke Disney Land
All should be emerging from a deep fog of savage denial and even it now
Wake they will to increasingly a obvious fact that there may love its smirk in president
The one who seemed to care about them so deeply just a couple of weeks ago and who reached out to them
And promised them a gun happy game friendly moon and exchange for full access to their civil rights
And a black check to do whatever the hell he likes he apparently doesn't give a damn about them not anymore
The truth will soon be hitting much of the conservative nation like a redneck smacks a dog
Now that the fear saturated right has handed this failed oilman for more unrestrained years to do his dirtyest deeds
And a deeply contaminated well greased congress with which to do it he no longer needs their support
And he couldn't care less about their moral values or their positions on social security reform or the war in Iraq
Or just what they only meant about spending the political capital claims he's earned by winning the election
By the slimmest margin of any income of president in history by the way
Oh sure Mr. Bushreef stopped didn't he?
Mrs. Maduro Republican he made you a believer he promised more intolerance for gays and more vital classes in the White House
And more laughably irresponsible tax breaks you know what we need and more dumb down black and white good versus evil perspectives
That take all the pressure off you having to you know think and because he unconditionally we've finished to acknowledge any sort of mistake
Any sort of mass and air reengegment or policy
Relig into the appalling Vietnam grade quagmire that is Iraq because he stayed on message in never fired rumsco for gross incompetence
And because he let the lower rack military plead take the fall for oboe grade and never once wavered in the most disgusting of lies about what we needed to invade Iraq and kill over
A hundred thousand of their people in the first place why he earned your vote
Isn't so true isn't it? It is so true I can't read too fast again do nothing once again slow down let me slow down slow down
It's so true isn't it?
Yeah the slight proof after proof and report after report and denue us soldier after denue us soldier
It's not Bush would do better than carrying defeating terrorism no matter that Bush's very actions his ugly little war
His very poisonous foreign policy that is so violently destabilize them at least no matter what this is what he what has in fact amplified the terror threat a hundred full
And made the US more detested than ever what irony it's what's for dinner and now you're reward you get to be Mr
Represented as tossed aside as openly ignored as the rest of us isn't politics fun we are all suckers all losers in this selection are you Democrat Republican doesn't matter
The line is no longer liberal conservative. It's no longer tax and spend versus cut and deficit Toyota pre is versus Ford expedition happy godless he's inside of my
Versus Mel Gibson
It's now all for wealthy power hungry Bush rights CEO versus well the rest you see news slice your conservatives
Bush just pretended to care about you because he had to because crowd wrote told him to because he needed your fear and your blind faith in another term
You matter about as much as you as soldier in Fallujah now
Oh how you'll be disappointed from here on out oh how you'll national teeth and sigh your size and wonder what that'll happen
You're fearful leader and why you feel so abandoned as your schools implode and your health care cost explode and your air quality suffers
Your jobs vanish and you women get smacked back to 1953 and your kids die miserable and forgotten in Iraq
Because now you get to sit by with a liberal elite as we watch in bitter satisfaction as Bush will have to wallow in his own nasty vicious mess
Lying his own snide and war torn and economically gutted bed for four more years as much of the country sits deeply ashamed in the international community sits stunned and horrified at our sheer ignorance and gall
But wait there's more
See we know that Bush has never been so beautifully set up that now for cataclysmic nixon like fall
This most secretive imperfection filled in real state administration in history with its 9-11 cover-ups and more documented stack of fumbles and flubs and murderous
Miss
Miss prisons leaning up to the Iraq mess is positively bursting at the seams with potential impeachment of a calamity
You think that it's in tapes were a ruinous this way for the Bush mumbles
Every sign points to the fact that history will look back on W.W.2 as one of the worst run least accountable and most abusive war mongering
Homophobic environmentally unfriendly presence season American history which means you the one or two things there's a very slight chance that W.W.
Not for the ease of some of his parties more heartless and voracious of policies if just to try to create a more appeasing and advertising and appealing legacy
But don't bet on it if Rose recent spittle filled announcement that trouble against the K. Constitution amendment banning same-sex marriages any indication
Bush might very well go the other direction entirely making history the cold blood autocratic way through policies so hollow and self-righteous and smirking that history can't help but be impressed
After all neo-fascism makes great textbook fodder what else well now Bush co has no one to blame but themselves the neo-conzone the White House Congress all fingers of blame for most impending disasters and more
Eels and social meltdowns points straight back to the GOP furthermore the U.S. has already crashed through the 7.3
A trillion dollar debt limit thanks to Bush unless Congress raises the debt-seating ASAP as Bush co-sodestfully demands they do the U.S. government will run out of cash
We are in NASCAR parlance running on fumes
This debt is the sour truth for the Republicans and the board of Genson the sliverer of bitter sweet solids for the liberals
Will not be laughable and a sold-bedning kill me now sort of way to watch Bush co-try to pin the imminent economic
Employees and cultural back lashes and catastrophic social service breakdowns as nation now faces on say Bill Clinton
Will not be horribly amusing to watch the administration sink into its own self-made quicksand
Will not be insured just all sorts of tragic fun to watch the cancer eat itself
I thought she was dead either but she made a comeback
It was an accident but nobody got hurt
152.560 WQM ad dogs in managed to be alone to tell you all about Dave on stats firing
Have you longer to a clock and end the Humphorid Four who's been suspended 45 times just this week alone
Hey IRS tax problems have a way of destroying your life
They take a toll on you financially physically and emotionally
Can ever really forget about those IRS problems because they come back every morning when you wake up in a freaking cold sweat
CPA journey buck wall in the buck wall tax firm can up and those IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind
That's why other top CPA law firms are for all of their clients to the buck wall tax firm when they've got IRS problems
One out of a white potential criminal prosecution
You're on file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records
Now suppose you have an IRS lien a wage levy open roll tax in penalties
Maybe you'd like to settle for thousands less than you owe or need time to pay whatever your problem
The buck wall tax firm can help you out
They offer you a free initial consultation with no obligation affordable and guaranteed fees
And immediately if not sooner relief from IRS harassment
And best of all you don't even have to go to those pain in the ass meetings with the IRS because the buck wall tax firm handles all those meetings and discussions
You don't even have to be there
Call them today 9 5 4 5 7 5 2800
Whether you owe 10 grand or a million dollars in IRS taxes the buck wall tax firm can solve your problems for you
Call them today for that free consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedim.com and stop fretting about the IRS knocking on that front door
That's 9 5 4 5 7 5 2800
One more time for the West Coast 9 5 4 5 7 5 2800
You are the same to me you'll run your ass
What's going on here?
I'm going to run my ass
Team A M
I don't think I've ever said I'm not worried about a son of a man like that kind of one of those exaggerations
I was also worried about a son of a man like that
We're on the hunt after a son of a man like that
We're using every asset at a disposal to get a son of a man like that
I don't know where he is
No I just don't spend on this timeline
I don't know where he is
I repeat what I said
I truly am not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
I'm not that concerned about him
Is it any wonder
What is that tumor
No it on his hands
Try to never know the drug
It means that tumor
No it on his hands
For four years we'll be another disaster
It means that tumor
No it on his hands
in.
You must have run in there
You must have run in there
You must have run in there
You must have run in there
You must have run in there
I'm sorry I love it here
Bye bye bye
Our statue, your brother's hands
There was a law would be against it
