Oh
Looks like you're outkilled a better pray for a hockey season maybe it's gonna be a long winter
And kiss my rear end
I got a call here the number one rating to moe howling a day in his home
At least according to my aspirations
They're away from me. I don't even hire children. They're above hello. Yes, I want to take on JP
Oh
Jay-fee they really is a great quarterback in a good juice. I like JP
Well, not to mention he's got extraordinary smooth
Patoxes. Oh, yeah
What you say here?
Thank you, ma. Oh, no, no wait a minute. Oh, go
I have nothing else to say
How about this I was the way the down there in a mirror mouth and right down the street from you
I have to go away. Oh wait. By the way
I tell you what I'll hold you over the break house down here. I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts
Way too that was the only color we had the things on your nose is blowing again
Someone semitp
Give me
Way to die, die, die, die, die!
I know clothes won't stop this, Steve.
Almost every day I paint.
And my veins just let a start to tickle.
My eyes are annoyed with torture, torture, stories.
Yeah, I know clothes won't stop, but I'm a fan.
And every household can be a fan.
But I know things will, with people ready.
Yeah, to have them fly.
And to watch the Steve.
And say it's terrible, this man will read.
How are you now, Adam?
Pleading, Michael, baby!
The bad guy, the bad guy!
The bad guy, man!
He's running out of sick bags!
I'm just lying!
Great hate you.
It's 10-03 at 5-60 WDQ-I-M.
Happy Thursday to hit the QM traveling circus,
where it never ends.
Not one toe ever hits the ground.
Wow, what a place.
Anyway, we'll get to all of that hazard ride
that's going on around the station,
most of which I should point out is fabricated,
but nevertheless, we like to put on a good act for you.
And Barry Jack asks, of course, very willing,
hey, Barry, don't ever assume that whatever Greg tells you is the truth.
You're just a pimp, you're just a mole,
and you just, you know, one of those quizzlings
that's your role in life.
His role is a mole.
Bad news.
Okay.
Well, we always get the death.
Now, those two soldiers that died yesterday morning,
that evidently wasn't important I've ever
to make it into the news again.
It did happen.
But now, there's all kinds of violence and bloodshed in Iraq.
The insurgent's lawsked.
And that term insurgency.
That's a catch-all.
Insurgents.
It must be al-Qaeda.
No.
Insurgent's lawsk coordinated attacks today
against the policing government,
building is less than a week before the handover of sovereignty.
69 people, including three more American soldiers,
were killed in more than 270 injured
Iraq and US officials said.
The large number of attacks mostly directed
at Iraqi security services could signal the beginning
of a push by insurgents to torpedo the June 30th power transfer.
In Baghdad, the health ministry said at least 66 people were killed
and 268 injured nationwide.
However, the figures did not include US dead injured.
So at least five more US soldiers killed in the last two days
and the madness, the bloodshed, and insanity continues.
Anyway, on a brighter note, we got Renee Russo on our
a behind-the-beaten curtain, nothing today.
That is brighter.
Yeah, it's a good picture.
Thank goodness it's an old picture from back in the day
when she looked not too bad.
An old picture of the young Renee Russo.
Right.
Because frankly, she's in an old bag.
She was born February 17th, 1954, in Burbank, California.
And then there's a whole deal here.
She grew up on the wrong side of the tracks in Burbank,
but we don't have time to approach around with that.
It's been in the mid-and-movie's big trouble,
and in 2002, showtime, the adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle,
Thomas Crown Affair, lethal weapon foe, buddy, ransom,
tin cup, get shorty, get your shoulder, outbreak, major league two,
in line of fire, lethal weapon three, free jack one good,
cop in a whole bunch of other stuff.
She's been in Zidane movies.
Everybody knows Renee Russo and wants to take a look at her.
You'll say, oh yeah.
She just looked pretty good.
I told her.
I told her.
Huh?
That's how you do it.
Renee.
Here's yesterday's poll result, 1535 votes.
Which, and you're right, you were right.
I'm shocked.
People went all the time that he had to catch up.
I guess those bad knees must be doing it to OJ.
He just couldn't catch up to this more.
He's been whipping, gippin' along.
Which of these people best fits this description?
Somebody famous who used to like it, but now you hate him like poison.
Poison!
Dennis Miller.
I'll be honest with you, I never liked him in the first place.
So I can't really say adequate, like, you know, the Saturday night live.
No, I never thought he was funny.
I thought he was like, just so low he is to be coma inducing.
I mean, I didn't dislike him, but I didn't like him.
Anyway, 356 people did like him once upon a time.
And now they hate him like poison.
He wins the thing.
356.
OJ, though made a good run at it, especially with those arching legs.
321 for OJ for the double murdering assassin who lives in Kendall.
And whose daughter hates him like poison.
Phil Henry 268.
Are you sure?
Pretty strong third there for Phil, who used to be one of our favorite people.
I'm quickly turned on a dime into a right-wing lick hole.
Ralph Nader, 121, a dodging old, egotistical fool who just won't take for an answer.
And the word is now that that black cock is meeting the other day.
There was screaming and gnashing and carrying on on key.
The Alexa was, oh, it's speaking about Tuesday when they had that vote in the Senate, 99-1.
Yeah, I'm the Senate and Decency Bill for broadcast.
I forgot to mention yesterday since we don't try to make any excuses for a Herman Munster.
John Kerry, of course, was one of those 99 quizzlings, those cowards.
It said, oh, sure, we'll go along with it.
How sad.
Steve Geldy-Gelstein comes in a moderate fifth year with 88 votes.
You're the odd man out.
We'll get to that momentarily, Geldy.
That I think is the only part of that story that really has got any legs to it, if I can say that.
You're going to be out pretty soon.
So enjoy that eight to ten slot while you can, because it's only very temporary rhymes with Mary.
And Colin Powell, 84, read on Geldy's ass, rolled in coolin'.
You know if he says it, it must be a lie.
Todd Smith, the SNIT-Mister 42, Jerry Lewis had 40.
Arnold Schwarzenegger 32, Dion Sanders 31, Fred Durst 29.
A lot of people think Fred Durst is the worst.
Phil Jackson 23, Mr. Ego Steve Cain 22, which I was like about half of his audience.
Elton John 16, now why don't we like him now?
His songs are bad now.
Well does that mean we don't like him?
We just turned on him because he made so many good ones.
Right?
Right?
I like him then.
Not now.
But you don't hate him now like, please.
No, I don't want any bad to happen to him.
Well, necessarily.
Dick Morris 15, John McCain 13, Bobby Novak 13, who ought to be on death row right now, Pat Riley 9, Tom Jicca 7.
For a little time, it's not personal time it's business.
They hate you like poison because you just absolutely refuse to get in touch with the reality of what's going on in this business.
And you write all those prep pieces about the TV shows, which any idiot can write that crap.
And Dave O'Brien 5, the former voice of the Marlins, who scoot over his good buddy Joe Angel, and then said, oh, I'm leaving by the way.
One of those kind of guys.
Now, I just heard the ass end of my good friend Moe's show.
And I got some bad news.
Those who are waiting for me to come back to town and conserve my good best personal friend,
and the Moe master absolutely.
He told George in the hallway that we will not be doing any tongue action.
No kissing on the lips.
Well, the fact that there won't be any kissing on lips doesn't necessarily mean there won't be any tongue action.
Right.
It won't be on the lips.
There you go.
You can dozele and hug, right?
Cuddle.
Sure.
Spoon bond.
But I don't think so.
I might yank off his hair piece, but that's about it.
But at any rate, I just heard the ass end of his show and he said, Neil, you don't have to worry about any material for today.
Because Greg Reed, once again, makes the whole show for you.
He just, Greg Reed is just beyond the script.
Greg H2.
Yeah.
Greg, all I can tell you, man, is you are a real idiot.
That's all I can say to you, man.
And of course, basically what you've got here is an overgrown child, a sports nerd, a child.
I have no life.
Who is going to ego bigger than the entire universe.
I mean, just out of control, ego.
So therefore, he just sits with his little spoons pounding on the table, wanting attention,
kind of like what's his name in the cool who's nice?
What was his name?
Cheswick.
Cheswick.
Rest in peace.
I want attention.
I want attention.
In fact, you reminds me a little bit of somebody like that that used to like going a corner and crying.
He didn't give enough attention when he showed up at our appearances.
He wants attention.
He wants everybody to take a look at him and how he's a big shot.
He's got to decide this and he's got to decide that.
And he's got to drag all of these people through all of this crap and very jackassist element of hero because
Barry is a quizzling and he'll write any damn thing that Greg tells him.
Hey, Greg, if you want to find out who the mole is, just look in the mirror.
I mean, Bella Legosi ain't using them these days.
So look in the mirror that he left behind and take a look.
There's the mole for you.
Okay, a big pus field.
It's not a boil.
It's not a tumor.
It's a mole.
Ethan told me.
Right.
I think I'm going to do the break first because then we'll get into the Barry Jackson column, which I read.
It's not that long.
But I do like the last part of it, though.
The last sentence is so juicy, man.
Even juicier than my boyland.
And by the way, it was a boil.
It's healing up beautifully for those who care.
And I think I did a masterful job with that pin.
Man, oh man.
It was just a one hell of an operation.
Nasty, smelly, oozy, but I'd done a good job.
Occhanel, the doctor's in.
Let's do the break.
As a matter of fact, maybe we'll do all the breaks right at once just in case the audio of all
crap's out again.
Yeah, never know.
Thanks for the great equipment, too, by the way, Greg down there.
The good equipment is all here.
We're not letting any of you have it.
That's probably why Yelton wanted to break in here over the last week while it was on vacation.
He probably wanted to shift back down air a bunch of the good stuff from here.
No chance.
Fix it.
Go fix something else.
Get lost.
11 past 10 at 5.
60 WQM circus.
Emerald co-soft food is best Asian buffet.
Still going strong.
Now that guy that called in yesterday who didn't say it wasn't up to stuff.
It must have been him.
Maybe his taste buds were off that day.
I've never had anybody who didn't rave about the great food.
I've eaten a residient times.
And once you go there the first time you'll go back again and again for a real feast.
Emerald co-soft offers you sensational mouthwatering.
This is everything is fresh and delish.
Start with fantastic soup, six different ones.
Doesn't the succulent entrees like New York strip made ordered their sizzling Asian grill along
with their brand new Hunan fish.
Main lobster thermator style.
There's doughnut crab oysters on a half shell.
There's hand-carb prem rib cook exactly the way you like it.
Brand new Thai specialties, too.
A full salad bar, a full Chinese food line.
If they're brand new sushi bar, of course fresh,
seen cocktail.
And don't forget, no MSG headaches when you leave the Emerald coast just a big fat smile on your
pus on your big fat puppet because they don't use any MSG.
They don't use any cornstarch.
They don't cope with any garbage.
They use only the finest ingredients including even cholesterol-free oils.
And if you have any room after a feast like this, which means you're a real pig,
but why not go for it?
They got a full dessert station featuring bells and waffles, pies, cakes, pastries,
ice cream, and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit, too.
The perfect end to a big pick out.
Emerald coast, three locations for you.
If you ever noticed that when you go to a place like this, there's always a big,
big humongous guy standing right in the middle.
Just, uh, and then a whole bunch of him following, waiting online.
Huge guys.
Three locations for you.
Pember pine, sunny hours, and sunrise.
So take the whole family of booking next business luncheon right now.
Take out the living available, too.
They were voted number one by Zagat restaurant reviews and WSV.
And they are absolutely correct about that.
Call now to acquire about Emerald coast birthday opportunities.
Call 954-5723822-954-5723822 for the world-flaiming Emerald coast Chinese buffet.
Fibre, the local, this is five cities.
The reign of the old yours.
Thank you, Ian.
Suck it in and hold it.
What the f***?
Are you late?
Wait, this here's the f***ing good sausage made fresh by the tournament.
Is it f***ing good?
Sorry.
I like it so much.
I'm gonna kill you.
F***ing good.
Ow!
Another whittin' band.
Dead one sausage is made for 100% human f***ing fourth for down home Christmas.
Scrovin' air.
Oh!
Is she trade for the whole family?
Paid from people?
My people who ship direct gear grossest freezer for me.
Paid for like you.
Dead one sausage.
Dirty people?
Good food.
1017-560-WQM-D Supreme Court.
The fastest on the Supreme Court voted 7 or 2.
The Dictane he doesn't have to turn over his energy task force records of confidential records.
He don't have to turn him over.
As long as he goes hunting with Jetskaleegin and lets him get all the birds.
Joe Rose taking on also the a death toll in Iraq is now up to 83.
It's massive bloodshed and the violence and the hundreds injured and 83 dead all ran today.
It's only the 24th.
We got six days to go until the big turnover.
The big turnaround.
The big handoff.
The big walkoff.
Speaking of walking off.
Joe Rose taking week off.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The big walkoff.
The brown bag kid.
The brown bag kid.
Hey, by the way, is mommy still packing the good lunch?
Have you ever seen furry and guilty together?
No.
Same person.
Anyway, Joe Rose taking week off.
WQM Future up in the year.
I don't think just Joe Rose's future.
I think the whole radio station up in here, when Greg is at the home.
A manifestly—if I don't want to be surprised if he starts walking around in a hallway like
the whole country, Bullgart, and Keen on Mutiny.
Rolling them steel balls.
A crazy person.
There you go Greg.
In the latest installment of WQM's never ending soap opera, Morning Host Joe Rose said Wednesday
he's frustrated that General Manager Greg Reed hasn't made time to meet with him and
does know if he wants to return to the station.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
Mean time Reed said he hasn't decided if Rose will be invited back.
Now all of that is bullcrap.
Because the rumors I'm hearing from all of our bountiful thing is that Joe was ahead
his meeting yesterday and he'll be back this weekend.
But nevertheless, just pretend I didn't say that, okay?
Oh, say what?
Because whatever you thought I said, because it's much more exciting to have very writing
all of this melodramatic crap.
Rose, the lead sportscaster at NBC6, is taking this week off from WQM and said he's been
working without a contract for eight months since replacing the fired Scott Ferell.
That was the beginning of the end as far as we're all concerned.
Thanks for really creating a nightmare.
Although he wasn't the only one.
He said he's been trying to meet with Reed to get a situation clarified and determine
the direction of the station.
He also wants to know if he'll continue to work alone on his eight to ten A.M. show.
I'll be paired with someone such as Steve Geltie-Gelstein.
No.
The GM doesn't have time to talk to me, Rose said.
Reed continues to mow what to do with his morning line up, keeping in mind, of course,
that this is the guy that broke the egg two and a half years ago, destroyed it.
And now he can't put the pieces.
He's the Humpty Dumpty of Radio.
Can't put the pieces of the egg back together again.
Can you, Greg?
No.
He said he's still considering picking up Howard Stern's syndicated show.
But that would leave the station vulnerable to potential FCC fines.
Airing Stern show might also be poorly received by Dolphins Management.
Let me tell you right now, boys and girls, the chances of Howard Stern being on this radio
station on the scale of minus infinity are less than that.
Whatever is less than minus infinity, and I'm not talking about infinity broadcasting,
that's the chances of Howard Stern being on this station.
None.
Lestonon.
In fact, the chances of Howard Stern being back on this market are none.
Much less than none and much, much, much less than none.
I'm not saying that's my choice, but that's just the truth.
Now, if you can't handle the truth, go see Jack Nicholson.
He'll straighten your ass out.
Now, here comes my favorite part of the whole story, Berry.
You finally did something good, sweetheart.
By the way, do you think Berry Jackson has a penis?
I really doubt it.
Well, you go check.
No, God no.
When I saw him at the airport here a few years ago and he looked kind of like,
you know who I am?
I said, no, I'm Berry Jackson.
Oh, great.
And I talked to myself, yeah, you look like Berry Jackson.
You look like the ultimate nibbish.
Where's the brown bag, Berry?
Yeah, a lot of the things you say about me are true.
Man, putz.
If you look up putz in the dictionary,
you'll see Berry Jack has his picture next to it.
What a match made in heaven, man.
Greg Reed and Berry Jack has.
Wow.
Anyway, here's my favorite part of the whole story.
It's coming to an end right now.
Because Goldstein will be doing Panthers Radio play by play next season,
Reed said he's not sure whether he wants to continue using him on a talk show.
And here's the best of the whole deal.
Howard David and Goldstein, paired on the fight away to A. M. Show,
are not expected to continue working together long term.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
What a surprise.
Let me read that last sentence again.
Because it gives me a quiver in my recto.
And I read it.
Howard, more Howard, David and Goldstein, paired on the fight away to A. M. Show,
are not expected to continue working together long term.
That's the understatement of all time.
Wow.
And he liked that.
Speak for itself.
Yeah, sure does.
This whole play speaks for itself.
Here's today's poll.
I almost forgot about that.
Well, we got so much crap going on.
Then when I read these damn liners that clearance sent me here,
once I read these two or three times,
it'll be time to go home already.
Good, golly.
All of this trash and all of this swill, just time-consuming garbage.
If you miss QAIMS coverage of the NHL entry draft this Saturday,
you might miss a chance to win an autograph.
Roberto Lwango jersey and Lwango A Lwango's best 13-game season ticket plan
for two in the lower bull.
Oh, this is another scam.
This is another one of those Panther ideals to register,
log on to wqm.com.
Then listen to QAIMS and NHL entry draft coverage this Saturday
from 11.30 to two with Squicky for your name to be announced
as the grand prize winner.
Wow, I can't wait.
Too bad we don't have room for to be doing that.
Of course, he's a high-tailed out of town.
Nice going, remember?
Good choice.
But we got Kelly.
We got Squicky there to handle it.
Do we have Judge McDonald?
No.
No, we got Squicky in the clown.
It is a circus, you know what?
Squicky in the clown, Randy Moher,
who of course is the communications director of the whatever
to how that means.
It's just such a silly place.
Here's the poll today.
What current American political figure has the biggest pair
of cajones?
Cahones.
I say cajones because we have a lot of goi.
Cahones, I got Howard Dean with my choice.
Yeah, well,
but you have to put on air.
Well, political figure, do we want to put Michael Moore on air
with the movie coming out tomorrow?
I guess we do because he's not a politician.
That's why we're doing that.
We're leaving opening for Fat Mike.
There you go.
Because he's certainly a political figure.
He may say Bella Fagora.
What a big Bella Fagora.
So we'll put Michael Moore on air,
at least the Josh Will if he knows what's good for him.
So that takes care of that.
That's your poll and maybe we won't have a lot of names on there.
Well, you got to have somebody.
It sure is how I'm going to be scary, John Kerry,
after caving in.
I realize that it was tacked out of the defense appropriations
bill, but nevertheless, as a matter of fact,
speaking of that bill,
representative Joe,
and the idea that Howard Stern is going to be on this radio
station, especially with other tourists that we have coming
that you don't know about yet.
But that idea is so ludicrous,
especially in a lot of these increased fines,
which it's not finalized yet, but it will be.
You can take that to the bank,
even the Greg's life on it, not finalized.
Representative Joe Barton.
Oh, we're fine.
Chairman of the House Commerce Committee
said yesterday that amendments that would increase
to $275,000 the maximum fine the FCC can live
for an individual violation of its broadcast and decency rules
and additionally invalidate the FCC's June 2003
media ownership rules were diluted.
You must be diluted because they were diluted.
As a result, the House will likely be fused
to accept the amendments in their present form.
They watered down the bill and then they added
some things that were extraneous,
Barton told Reuters.
I don't think the House will accept what the Senate
did quite honestly, but we certainly want to have
a positive dialogue with them.
We'll just work with them and see what we can do.
Barton also said he doubts the House
will consider the amendments as part of the Department
of Defense Budget Reauthorization Bill.
The House has approved legislation that will raise
FCC fines to as much as a half a million dollars
for each violation.
The FCC would also be forced to consider a license
revocation hearing for a station after three violations
of the commissions and decency rules.
Now, give me an idea.
Let's just say that, I mean, at the moment,
we can still say that.
We can still say that.
That's one of the ten words we still can say.
Remember, it used to be seven words we couldn't say.
The others ten words we can say.
A, B.
So anyway, we can still say that.
But let's just assume that they decide,
oh, you can't say crap.
Just just for fun.
Let's say that.
Okay, so let's, let's,
that's it.
So there's two and a half million right there.
There's three million, three and a half, four million,
four and a half, five million dollars right there.
In reality, how many seconds at about 10 seconds
or less, five million bucks right down the tubes?
Even the beastlies, I don't think
can handle that kind of punishment to you.
You think so?
So the idea that we're gonna put
anything controversial on here, I mean,
if we give a score, and as a matter of fact,
we're gonna be so nervous from here on in once they finalize
this bill and your president signs it.
That at that point, we're just gonna leave the scores.
Not even the names of the teams,
because like if we said devil raise,
the Marlins beat the devil raise, that's bad.
Right.
And I do wanna apologize to the Marlin organization
because yesterday, without got a call
about the lightning winning the Stanley Cup,
when I was talking about the bucks one is Super Bowl
and the lightning winning the Stanley Cup.
But of course, the Marlins have won two world serieses
in the last seven years and they beat the,
and ended Tampa's winning streak yesterday,
and it doesn't, isn't that right Josh?
Yes it is.
Isn't that correct?
That is correct.
Okay, and does this check,
and just making sure that I'm on the right page
with MoVon and all these other sports experts we got?
Oh my God, I can't believe you, MoVon.
We are Sports Radio 5 CC, QAM.
Ah!
Ow!
Gell-D, Gell-D,
talking on a sports show,
trying to be my show.
Your boy sounds just like a seven year old girl,
a little sports host,
yeah.
What else are you there for, Gell-D?
Gell-D, ah!
Talking like a baby,
who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man,
remove the rubber bands that show
your scrubs, Tom Kelty.
Kelty, Kelty.
Gell-D,
your lucky management don't care,
because Gell-D,
you don't belong there on the air,
as Gell-D,
those sports can wait till your voice cracks,
caused anyone who sounds like that
should find another job,
and they should only take you back
when both your babies drop.
Absolutely.
I'll tell you, Gell-D,
Gell-D,
when you're gonna grow up,
you make us want to grow up,
you feel these squeaky blue
go to broadcasting school,
your free tube acid voice
makes you sound like the fuss,
you're the fuss,
you're the fuss,
I'm dying of a hill,
you're the odd man off, Gell-D,
make no mistake about that,
Mollie's gonna work with him,
I could but he will have nothing to do
with you at this point,
and certainly Joe don't want you on there,
it's probably why he walked out this week.
He's probably not too happy
that you're even fill in during those two hours.
You know, it's really amazing,
the lengths that the talking head network
go to to distort and twist him and impulate the news,
this story that they just had on there
breathlessly on CNN,
breaking news, the Supreme Court
totally misrepresented the story.
Here's what the Associated Press says,
the Supreme Court refused today
to order the Bush administration
to make public secret details
of Vice President Dick Cheney's energy task force,
but kept the case alive
by sending it back to a lower court.
Justice is said by a seven-to-two vote
that a lower court should consider
whether a federal open government law
can be used to get documents of the task force,
the decision extends the legal fight over the information.
Justice is credible out of judge
to immediately move ahead
with ordering the release of the papers.
The issues in the case of an overshadow
by conflict of interest,
questions about one judge
being scaly, of course,
we all know about him.
Who likes to play golf for the Vice President
and go with duck hunting and things like that.
So how do you like that?
So a CNN totally misrepresenting what they said.
Just like somebody else,
we know totally yesterday
misrepresenting the sales of the Clinton book.
I don't want to pick on your good friend, Ms. Fudge,
who's just a limo driver today.
Thank you.
When it's silly hat,
Walter Winchell wannabe,
to me, he's in more like a freaky Carlos wannabe.
If he asked me at any rate,
yesterday he's got all of the book,
and after I ripped him on the ear,
then he puts a little bird on there.
Oh, I'll see you then.
Here's the link to the CNN story
about how the book is breaking all records.
And then he puts butt.
But sales not too big an Altoona,
not really a set in the world on fire,
Geneva, New York,
not killing him in its landing.
Not going to be dead in the buke.
Man, oh man, you silly screaming,
self-hating faggot you.
Man, it's just pathetic.
I noticed all of that stuff has disappeared now
that this story is out today.
As in the truth,
you know, most got to stop right on that.
Absolutely.
You like the truth come to this show.
You want bullcrap, go to the Fudge report,
go to Guilty,
go to one of those silly ass shows
where they just make a bunch of crap
to try to get attention,
like a bunch of little kids in a sandbox.
Bill Clinton's memoir,
My Life, said a record for first day nonfiction sales
with 400,000 copies bought in the US,
the former president's publisher said,
yes, turned day.
With Clinton's 957 page,
Tom's selling so well on its first day,
publisher Alfred A. Nopf said it's ordered
another 725,000 copies from printers,
in addition to an initial print of 1.5 million copies.
There's selling them like Halifai in Jerusalem, man.
There's selling them like Lockies in Manhattan.
This is a record breaking number for a work of nonfiction
said Sonny made a president of Nopf publishing group,
Addigate Sales,
where exceedingly strong at other countries too,
I'm going to have to check that out.
Out.
And it just goes to those sales,
not huh?
I heard he wasn't doing so well in Somalia.
I heard that it missed a saw at Ain't Selling At All.
That's what Don Cherry told me, another redneck.
And in Chechnya?
In addition to the book sales,
Riknopf said Clinton racked up first day audio book sales of 35,000.
My life was published on Tuesday,
a mid-immediate blitz,
with saw Clinton give several high profile TV interviews appear
on the coverage of Time Magazine.
While the first review of the book from the New York Times
called the memoir Sloppy,
Self-Indulgent,
often eye-crossingly dull,
reviews on Wednesday were mixed.
The book is messy and long-winded,
Clinton dodges enough questions to raise his detractors,
blood pressure and distroke range.
I like that.
Maybe they should all have all those right wingers
that all have a stroke,
to which we would say,
A rat!
There's enough policy wonkiness and political minutia
that said have to plan to snore the Trade Free Press wrote.
But there's a wonderful naturalist
to Clinton's writing in my life
and enough insights of this puzzling man
that's well worth plucking the $35 down the newspaper said.
The Times of London was less forgiving.
Anyone who buys my life for their own holidays
going to be as disappointed as Monica Lewinsky,
the newspaper wrote,
only in the pre-publication interviews
this even explained in the now famous phrase
that he had sex with his indian
because he could.
Clinton reportedly was paid $10 million
in advance by now.
See that's the only thing I want to talk
to him about is Monica Lewinsky in a blue dress
and the jobs and that stuff.
What else is there?
No, I see.
Good point.
That's like guilty.
What else is there beside that squeaky voice?
Jerry Invenida Springs says,
after my last donation to the Curie Fund,
I received a newsletter
that let me know that they're having
Curie House parties across the US.
They had a place to check where the closest one was to me.
You could check one, three, five, ten, or 25 miles.
I checked them all.
There's not one Curie House party
within 25 miles of my zip code.
Well, maybe you can go to the art link
letter house party instead.
I know you often know like articles facts to you.
I'm sure you didn't read this one.
It was not a tour of the days for Myers News Press.
No, Jerry, that one doesn't get around here.
This was brave, brave thing for this newspaper
nuisance we live in this large Republican stronghold.
Sometimes I feel so alone here
with poor Jerry in old red Nikki
Bonita Springs.
Now, did you actually
fax me the story or is this something else?
That's all I got.
Because you've got to use priest stories from your again.
You continue trying to like poison the
poison the minds of the audience out there.
I'm going to have to sick that William Donnelly
guy and you can watch it.
Oh man, I'd love some time.
Were that evil looking
that you know, in fact he belongs in South Florida
because he's got that hateful look in his eyes.
I would love to get
always pissed off and fired up.
WQAM hello.
You're the judge.
It's time.
QAM.
WQAM hello.
You'll be reading all day again.
Yes.
WQAM hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, do you know the name of the song at the end of Michael
Morris trailer?
The name of the song.
This is kind of like the name of the doctor
who operate on J. Feetler's with the name of the song.
We'll find out.
Hey, one other thing.
Yeah, I saw Joe Rhodes.
I'll have this weekend.
Yeah, man, does he have big boobies?
Yeah, he does.
He he brags about those.
In fact, that's why Geldy wants to be on with him.
I tried to grab him.
I'll bet you did.
That's why he's not on this week.
He's in rehab.
Anyway, these Samoan government prompted by Dallas Morning
news investigations moving to deported fugitive Catholic
priest because he failed to disclose his conviction
in a previous child molestation case
when entering the country.
The priest appears in the salisions of Don Bosco
religious order.
Don Bosco.
Wasn't he like with Johnny Depp in that?
Also faced an immigration inquiry because they too failed to make
the same disclosure said,
Oh, Civega, Polema, Comitee.
I wonder what Comitee, he's the head of the senior advisor
to Samoan's prime minister in Calvary.
Those Samoans, man, they all look like that.
They all begin that.
Why is that?
All of them just a lot of them.
Well, what do they eat?
Obviously a lot.
Everything they can.
Probably a lot of.
Oh, there's another half million.
A 63-year-old Catholic priest of Reverend Thomas Cune pleaded,
I wonder if he's related to Mark Cune who used to be the PD at W.I.N.C.
What a wimpy wimpy.
Remember him? He was there that night.
The big thing with Walter Sevo.
Right.
The Paxon Seminar.
Yes.
And there was Mark Cune.
He was still shaking.
He shook my hand.
He was shaking.
He was shaking.
Everything.
Give his hand on.
You're a real wimp, Mark.
Anyway, the Reverend Thomas Cune, Dayton, Ohio pleaded no contest.
Convicted yesterday on 11 Mr.
Meener charges of public indecency and providing alcohol to minors.
Former pastor of St.
Henry Catholic Church in Miami Township, that's Miami, Ohio,
was convicted of one kind of public indecency.
Six counts of furnishing alcohol to minors.
And four counts of the allowing minors to possess
or consume alcohol on his premises.
The offenses occurred at Cune's home between November 2001,
January 2002.
Is there going to be any good stuff in here?
Is that it?
Do you believe it?
But maybe that's it.
So another bad priest.
What a shock.
I am low.
This is sports when you'll fly sick.
You will, yeah.
That 47, Boca Brian tells us that,
Alvin Lee, 10 years after, is the,
we better hear it though for ourselves just to be sure.
You couldn't make people do anything if they were freed.
Yeah, they have taken the actions close.
All of the airports in the United States.
All commercial and airline traffic was grounded.
But we have some airplanes that authorize at the highest levels of our government
to pick up the sum of bin Laden's family members
to transport the motor to the stonkey.
The middle of a war,
corporations,
and society,
the whole of the town
to figure out how much money you need.
Once that oil starts flowing,
it's going to be a lot of money.
Whatever it costs,
the government will pay.
It's going to be a good for business,
bad for the people.
Turn the phone.
Turn the get number of the town
with the kids who are watching the army
and go to a lab.
The USA T-Treat Act allows researchers
of medical and financial records.
It gives long-force models unlimited power.
It went to the middle of the night.
It's principally the middle of the night.
How could Congress have the spill-free
that without even reading it?
It's good down there, sir.
We don't read most of the bills.
No one read it.
Remember the Congress that's in line with war.
We like to read you to USA T-Treat Act.
The USA T-Treat Act.
From the corduaries to the streets
of small town America.
To the front lines.
This is an impressive crowd to have.
And to have more.
Some people call you, Billy.
I call you, my base.
It comes the true story
that will make you a temperature rise.
No more sorrows!
I call upon all nations
through everything they can
to stop these terrorists killers.
Thank you.
How was this guy?
Ten years after by Alvin Libby
you don't have to wait 10 years to see the movie.
It'll be out tomorrow at a theater near you
for a minute.
And then all the right wingers came,
whoa, whoa, we saw one fear, we saw one sudden.
Yeah, just like Fox News.
Join the real yellow pages from Bellsoft and QAM noon to one
today at Majestic Locksmith.
All right, located in 1860 West 60th Street in Hialeah.
Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to the night's
Marlins Braves game or a VIP pass to the night's NVA draft party
at the triple A at the Mickey Erison Mayor penis
Pacania Arena.
Now this thing that you facts me, this is so silly.
I mean, it's correct, but it's just the idea that we're
going to like promote this.
The president needs to hear from millions of
concert Americans about the change of policy on Canadian
drugs and yada yada yada yada.
And then the best part of that sentence is and this start
managing this situation with the benefit of US consumers
in mind.
Right.
In other words, forget those big pharmaceutical companies
that are giving millions and millions to the politicians,
including El Presidente.
Forget about them.
Let's take care of the small people.
What do you say about the people, the public, the taxpayers,
the avar, no.
Sorry, we got carried away.
We thought maybe guilty might be coming back.
Speaking of people that are getting a little carried away,
Ronnie Raygun.
I saw him under yesterday's channel surfing.
It was on about four seconds and I saw that pathetic silly
queen, other with Hunchback with the Hunchback.
And I said, well, I don't know.
Do I really want to watch this?
Then I thought, well, it depends on whether had that much time.
And I didn't because I was moving that channel
of that thing real fast.
Ron Reagan, the younger son of the late President Reagan,
criticized the Bush administration's foreign policy
saying he believed the president of the American
against the port for the Iraq war.
That's what the ballet dancer said.
We lied our way into the war.
He said on Larry King last night, referring to allegations
that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction
and direct connections to Wakada.
It's a terrible mistake, a terrible foreign policy error.
And he's absolutely right.
But that little ballet dancer, it looks like that.
Do you think he's got any credibility?
No.
Reagan 46, a vocal opponent of his father's conservative
politics, said he would vote for anyone
who could beat the current president.
Now we're talking, Ronnie.
Maybe I can even fix him up with Mo.
Reagan also said he was angry
over the administration's opposition
to human embryonic stem cell research.
It's shameful, he said.
We're not talking about fetuses.
Human beings are being killed.
We're talking about collections of cells in a petri dish
that are never ever going to be a human being,
kind of like his father.
Reagan said he expected his mother to continue to speak
on fear of stem cell research.
Nancy Reagan has long argued that such work would lead
to curious for a number of diseases
like the Alzheimer's disease that killed her
hundreds of Ronnie Reagan.
How do you like that?
Ron Jr., the ballet dancer's opening up a big push.
Isn't that great?
Yeah, he's going to change everything now.
Now we got 48 votes on a poll there,
not too many because we only have two choices.
But that's okay.
I mean, if the audience would ever add some more honor,
there were worth not.
Maybe that's the only two that got any balls.
What current American political figure has got
the biggest pair of colonies?
48 votes, Michael Morets, what I voted,
even though I put Howard Dean on their first,
I voted for old Fat Michael Morets.
He's got 43 and poor little Howard Dean is only got five.
Oh!
Maybe we'll add some names to the list, what do you think?
I doubt it.
Why is that?
What else do you think?
There gotta be somebody out there, WQAM, hello.
Any way, how you doing?
Pretty good?
That's it.
I think the Democrats are wasting their time
running against Bush.
Like you saw it in Office poll.
And he could have been reelected
because he's gonna be American hero soon.
And the reason I say that is because that's not in a poll
and then month of October,
whenever we're gonna find a sum of the nodding,
I think they know where he's at.
And if he's still in real bad in a poll,
he could have gone over and captured Hampton,
he had a big hero for the Americans
and all the freebergers go,
oh, he's our hero, he got captured, the guy that started
this 9-11 stuff.
Anyway, you know, we might put John McCain on his list,
but I don't think so because he tends to waffle.
In fact, you know that spotty's got
where they removed the tumor from his cheek.
Yeah.
No, it's serious, they be a Pokemon that cheeky goes,
like that, he's a waffler.
That's the truth.
That's what Gelly told me.
Waffy Waffy Waffy.
Ow!
Waffy Waffy Waffy.
At any rate, well, it's better in here
what his last guy was babbling.
God almighty, some of you people,
it makes me just wonder,
how do these people get through school
or they just skip school all their life?
Well, the Florida school system graduates,
anybody don't you know?
Well, what do you mean the Florida school system,
the American school system?
Two or lesser degrees.
It is really, you know how it's all a matter of degrees.
You can't complain about education in America
because generally speaking, they're ain't any.
They do not be none.
WDQAM, hello.
Cool, hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I got somebody for your bowl.
All right.
How about Generino?
You got Harry one.
Team got a big pair.
All right, let's get Generino on there.
Big old Ducky Janet.
She had the cones to stand up for those
crazy, ramblin' lunatics.
Big green, bright blue.
But they're a little Havana.
Screamin' and carrying on and the fisherman
and all of that crap.
Nice go and you go boy, little Generino.
As a matter of fact, that was gonna be our
full question, I thought better of it.
What is, which Attorney General,
Kenneth Musmacho, former US Attorney General,
General Generino or Florida Attorney General Charlie
Christ?
But then Mark Foley is busy.
He's doing interviews so I couldn't get the answer for Mark.
Come out Mark wherever you are.
You and Charlie Christ, all either closet queens.
Maybe Miss Fudge can have a big party for you, okay?
A big affair.
What do we got here?
For the pool, how about Russ Feingold?
Yeah, he's good.
I'm disappointed in his vote the other day,
but nevertheless, Russ Feingold's got to be prepared.
The only US Senator vote against the Patriot Act
in every segment of the Iraq war.
Not to mention this cross-spot during the campaign,
Finance, V. Forum, Bill.
Thank you so much Tim, an excellent choice.
Russ Feingold, you got it?
We got it.
From Wisconsin and the great state of Wisconsin,
I don't know what's so great about it.
I think I got a lot of beer and what can be all bad about that.
A lot of cheer and nights.
He's got a great combination, right?
Sure.
This is good.
You had a move for the movie tomorrow.
Did you take your protest disc up to Canadian with you?
My protest disc?
Booker Brian, make you what he does.
Very honest.
Got a protest song from the 60s and such.
I might, I might the Perus around for it.
I did get his thing yesterday about that car deal he got.
I know what I'm, I'm not going to read the name of the dealership,
but boy, talk about Booker Brian's new car adventure.
Wow, wow, well, he was with dealership.
They made him a deal.
He gets a, he gets in the car.
He's driving away in the sale.
The finance manager comes running out says,
wait, give me the keys back.
This is amazing.
Yeah, we just found out you work at radio.
Now did he bring this car by the other day?
Yeah, it's nice.
What a beauty.
It is.
It really is.
Let me drive it.
Man, oh man.
Crossfire.
Right.
That is a beauty.
Porsche like he got it from a dealer in Orlando.
Went up there and picked it up.
It says now that he has it.
He rubs his naked body on it.
Like I said, he used to be very, very beautiful.
Speaking of cars, what do you hear of the summer here right now?
It's a great time to get out of that piece of crap.
You've been driving it into a spiffy new Toyota
from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead.
They're on US 120 minutes south of the 836.
And no matter where you live, it's worth driving down here
because you're going to save thousands
on great new, unbeatable Toyota's.
And with rising gas prices, maybe you'd like to get
a car with more fuel economy.
The legendary Toyota Corolla can be risked for just the 11, 990.
Or lease it for just 209 a month.
Need a great Toyota for that college or high school
graduate?
How about the Toyota Echo?
These prices just $199.
Need a truck?
The V6 to 100 regular cab can be yours for just $239 a month.
We're converting the hottest new cars around.
Check out the Corolla XRS and Solarir convertible.
It's in stock and waiting on you right now
at Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead.
They want to make you a happy camper.
In fact, their service department is even
open late to late week nights to make sure
they get all your service worked on for you.
And most important of all, keep in mind
that Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead
was the first dealer to offer your free tires
and batteries for life now.
They're the first to offer your free replacement parts for life.
You heard correct.
Tires, batteries, and free parts for life
whoever heard of a thing like that.
So say goodbye to those mega dealers
who give you a big song at an answer and then rip you off.
See our good buddy David Rich, the GM
for a real honest, goodness unbeatable deal.
He's the GM at Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead.
Grab a little and save a ton thousands on that great new Toyota
only at Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead.
Line and local.
Here's sports video 560, QAM.
Tang is too young.
Auburn, gravy, there's ain't a place to be.
Friends, unlimited, the life for me.
Four of cramps of humor said, we're blind.
You might end up in one of those naked piles.
You, it just just came out today.
I, but the terrible place to stay.
Donald Trump still came to give it up you.
Now he said, but a criminal thing to do.
Those shells.
Those shells.
Not close.
Except that they all on their heads, women's tanks.
They'd wanna stop their rights.
I pulled bread, don't go there.
It's 1101 at the crazy house, man.
I'm gonna tell you, if you think that the very Jackson column
was something, you ain't heard nothing yet.
I just get, first of all, I just came back in from the phone
ringing during that last break.
And I see a thanks with your handwriting on it today.
I will call you now, explanation point.
I'm in the middle of doing a radio show.
No, no.
Oh, yes.
And my phone is not in this room.
See, it's probably not a good idea to have your phone
when you're talking on the air.
What a bunch of idiots, Donner.
Get them some doggy downers, okay?
Pass them out.
Handfuls, okay?
Yes.
Get a hold of Wilma.
Get a handfuls of doggy downers for Greg and Duff
and clearance and all of our management experts, Donner.
I'm in the middle of doing a high paid, highly rated talk show here.
Trying to entertain the troops out there.
And you're interrupting in the middle of the show
with an in-ane bunch of crap?
I should probably tell you what he asked me.
I'm gonna tell you right on the air, okay?
Because he didn't say not for repetition.
Greg asked him to call.
Our fearless leader, Greg Reed, asked him to call.
Did you say that Howard Stern is gonna be on the station
because of something you know?
In other words, do you know something we don't know?
I don't know anything.
All I know is that just Common Sense would tell you
if you have any, well, see, I'm talking Common Sense.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I apologize.
I'm sorry.
I'm just suggesting all of that.
Common Sense.
Like, you talked to Howard and Howard told you that he has...
Howard Stern personally told me,
this is not what I want to be on at Horse Ball Station.
How he told me?
The only how I know is...
Absolutely.
That one when it goes...
That's the only how I know.
My good new buddy.
I mean, this guy has pumping me for information
like I'm holding something back.
I know something that you don't know.
Greg, believe me, I know a lot that you don't know.
Like, you name it.
Whatever I know, you don't know it.
But it has nothing to do with Howard Stern.
You don't know, did he?
He just keeps talking this crap and more crap and more crap.
He just got through with Joe Rose yesterday,
coined everybody in a building.
That's the rumors that I'm here in.
And Joe is coming back on this weekend.
And everything's going to be hunky.
Doreen Moe is going to be out there with or without Geldy,
probably without.
And that's it.
But no, he just keeps this fantasy alive and his head.
He's going to put on a Howard's...
Hey, listen, it's not my license, baby.
I'd like to at least finish out the two and a half years.
I'd like to have a radio station on which to finish it out
and get a paycheck every couple of weeks.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Not that we wanted to deprive the South Florida audience
of their Dosa Howard Stern every day.
That's not the problem.
The question is whether we're going to keep the license
on a spec...
See, this is a guy who always does the wrong thing
at the worst possible time.
That's Reg Reed.
I mean, if it makes less than no sense,
count on him to do it.
And count on Barry Chakas to have it in his calm tomorrow morning.
I mean, just absolutely, positively...
And I'm standing in there.
I'm listening out of one ear.
The spots playing in here.
The break is going on.
And I'm standing in my living room with the other one.
I'm standing to him.
I'm on the ear.
My phone isn't in the studio.
I've got to get back there and do a radio show.
You, Invisal, you lunatic.
You weak need Jemila, Libert Queen.
God.
Good, Golly.
Well, Greg asked me.
If Greg asked you to drop your shorts there,
right there in the hallway, would you do it?
I knew that.
I mean, there's no question about that.
John Bro, the only one with a ballstove vote against the FCC,
Christen take a big pair because he's retiring anyway the end of the year.
But anyway, he had the ballstove vote against it.
He's the only one.
John Bro, he's on our poll today.
What current political figure has the biggest pair of co-honies?
You don't have to ask that about QAM about co-honies,
because they don't exist.
We got a bunch of smoothies at our station, especially in management.
God.
Can you believe that?
I'm stunned.
Greg, that's going to cause you right now.
Like, it isn't something that couldn't wait.
In other words, he's got a question.
So, see, if he wants to have a conversation, I'll be glad we'll just leave some dead error
or we'll play that music again, the protest music.
Yeah.
Oh, not that protest music.
Yeah.
No, I was thinking more.
I've got my own protest music, which I think is perfect for what's going on.
Yeah.
I think this is perfect for QAM.
I'm just playing the rest of the day.
I'm being disappointed.
No, good.
God almighty.
I'm being disappointed.
I'm being disappointed.
I'm being disappointed.
I'm being disappointed.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
No.
Okay.
Wow, wow, wow.
Welcome.
See, I said circus.
Welcome to the QAM mental institution, boys and girls.
Anybody got some straight jackets out there that I could donate?
Please, straight jackets.
Doggy dinners.
I get to wear the straight jacket.
Maybe we can get a group deal on a lobotomy.
You can wear a tear management staff.
You can wear the gay jacket.
See, this is the guy who he just gone off the deep end.
He just, enough that he was ever on it.
But he just slurred off the edge once he screwed up the morning deal.
Once he did his Humpty Dumpty routine two and a half years ago.
And he just can't come back.
Oh, what do I do?
What do I do?
Well, don't look at us.
What to do?
How about Joe Rose is doing just great.
Leave it alone.
We even like Mo now a little bit.
Absolutely.
Not a lot for a little bit.
But just quit tinkering already.
Leave it alone.
And I see a whole lot of spots on this log.
Man, looks like we're making money.
Hand over a limp wrist.
What is the problem?
See, if we don't have a problem, this is what always happens in this business.
If you don't have like major problems management will invent some.
That's what they do best.
They don't manage.
They mismanage.
They create nightmares.
They create problems.
They create chaos and constant turmoil because it gives them job justification.
It's like much.
Just making that phone call to me right in the middle of a radio show.
I never heard of such a thing.
Unless there was like some emergency.
The transmitter got struck by lightning or somebody just had a heart attack and croaked in a hallway or something like that.
Yeah.
But short of that, I'm doing a radio show here.
There was no work.
Excuse for that call.
Duck is going to call you right now.
Don't call me.
I'll call you.
Okay.
And don't hold your breath.
And I'll let you know what I'm going to call you.
I think I just said it a little while ago.
How about adding Al Gore to the pool, somebody said.
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein, torture, prison.
Abougarraib Net, that's an oil.
Let's give another killer speech in DC today is what Terry says.
Also Ted Kennedy.
Let's put the fat Teddy on there to Al Gore Ted Kennedy.
Okay.
How can we leave Teddy off of there, right?
Love Ted Kennedy.
So here's the deal.
Ted Kennedy is personal life a mess a disaster he admits that.
But in the meantime, a great senator.
See, that's the problem with the American public.
Thanks to the media and thanks to all these great revelations.
You know, this one is screwing out one and this one.
That's the problem with the market today is the media.
The media is bringing down a whole country when Roosevelt had his mistress.
The public didn't know about that fact.
The public most of them didn't even know Roosevelt was in a wheelchair.
Did they have a reason that they have a need to know?
No.
Of course not.
Look at this.
The movie co-theaters throughout South Florida are not going to carry Fahrenheit 9.11 movie co-MUVICO.
Regal and AMC theaters will have it.
And for the pool Richard Clark, that's a good one.
Dick Clark.
No, I'm not putting Dick.
Well, for several reasons.
Richard Clark.
We got it.
Okay.
So, movie co is not going to carry the movie.
How do you like that censorship at your movie theaters?
This isn't one of those like last tango and Paris or one of those like ex-rated non-ex-sale.
You see what I'm saying?
Right.
I mean, so they don't like the political content.
Tough TV, man.
Too bad.
Screw you guys.
Screw movie co-don't ever go there again.
I used to really like movie co-don.
Well, no more.
No more.
Especially now that the Oakwood has stadium seating.
All the hell with them.
They should only rot in hell.
Cox or Hoy's.
That's our message to them.
They're almost as far.
Bones in his Greg Reed.
I just said that because you like the words.
So what do you know?
What?
Okay.
I still take it over that.
And 9 out of 10 times I wouldn't even go out and answer that because I'd assume it was just another FedEx package showed up.
It's usually the concierge.
You have a package for it.
I go out and pick it up later.
Fine.
But just something just in the way the tone of the phone ringing.
You know, I mean, had that desperate sound.
Of course, well, no, when you're talking about Duff, it's always desperate.
Greg asked me to call on again.
I said, tell him to get lost.
I'm doing a radio show.
And I said a few other words too that I can't see on here like one of those and one of these.
Yeah, a couple of those.
I'm not blaming Muff.
He's just, you know, being the lackey that he's paid to do just, you know, just being the gofer.
What current American political figures got the biggest pair of cojones?
Michael Moore 101.
We love Michael Moore, baby.
It's a movie co-theaters don't want to show it.
We'll never ever go there again under any circumstances.
If they gave us free passes, we'd stick them up somebody's butt.
Who?
Right.
Fat.
I hear their trief.
Michael Moore 101.
Howard Dean 11.
In fact, the rumors starting at the somebody piece on the popcorn at movie co-theaters.
That's what I heard.
Howard Dean 11.
Janorino 6.
Maybe Josh Beckett.
Russ Fine Gold 2.
No votes yet for John Broell.
Gore Ted Kennedy or Richard Clark out of the first 120.
Well, they just aren't too many.
It's a very sad situation, baby.
Speaking of Fahrenheit 9.11.
Well, I got a couple of things here, including to which they're trying to stop the advertising.
It wasn't bad enough that they couldn't stop the movie.
And then of course that Jackass Ray Bradbury.
Did you see him on their news last night?
One of those fossil, man.
What an idiot.
I want my Fahrenheit 451 back.
Well, guess what?
This one's not called Fahrenheit 451, Jackass.
Spazhole.
Weekwriter.
Boy, oh boy.
Yeah, you want to be pretender?
You couldn't lick Carl Sagan's butt.
Especially now that he's in that box.
Nothing like Carl Sagan doing that melodramatic.
Oh, that's the whole thing.
Oh, man, let's put him on in the morning.
Help!
Put him on there with a moment, at least it's somebody who's not guilty.
That's all he cares about.
I don't know guilty on there at all.
I don't think you'll ever hear the two of them together.
I could be wrong about that, but I don't think...
Can you be on that show?
Can you imagine being a fly on a wall in that situation?
If Joe does come back next week and then we got guilty back with Mo again?
I don't think that's going to fly.
Do you?
Speaking of fly on a wall.
I think that does have a better chance of flying than that situation there.
12 minutes after 11, don't ever do that again, though.
I don't care what Greg says.
Give him a couple of doggy downers and come him down.
Pat him on the head.
Tell me he's got a nice haircut and a beautiful births brother suit
and get out of my face.
Right in the middle of the show.
Like I know something, I know nothing.
See, I'm not the one that makes up stories and equivocates and lies
and affords people and evades and doesn't return phone calls and plays games with people
and shakes hands and makes deals with people and runs away and doesn't return their phone calls.
That's not me.
Okay, I don't want to tell you who that might be.
Okay, I don't want to give you an idea, but it might just be some of your name.
Greg!
Yeah, that wasn't very good.
Some of your name.
Yeah.
So, for years...
What?
What do you know?
You want to know.
I told you all of the information before the show.
I'll come in there and pump you forward after the show.
In fact, maybe he'll do that before noon.
I'll get the buzz.
Yeah, George knows.
George knows why Sturrim won't be on.
For years you've been hearing about Alaser Recharge, the toner and recharge cartridge specialist.
When you call Alaser Recharge at 1-800-287-9212, you'll be talking to our friend, JustBob,
the solomer who supplies businesses with a complete line of printing and office equipment supplies.
Alaser Recharge got ink jets, thermo carbon paper supplies, and now they provide service support
and maintenance for both makes and models of machines to make them run just like brand new again.
Call 1-800-287-9212 right now, and in most cases you'll have what you need within 24 hours.
Alaser Recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to deep old pressing.
All the cartridges sold by Alaser Recharge are remanufactured, not refilled.
Anybody, any schlepper can sell you a cheap refilled cartridge, but keep in mind you only get what you pay for.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go.
Alaser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, coppiers and faxes, along with brother and Xerox drums.
Alaser Recharge is part of their individualized service offers a no questions act satisfaction guarantee.
So if you're looking for toner, cartridges, anything else in that line pick up the phone and call JustBob at Alaser Recharge Tool 3,
1-800-287-9212.
If you log under there on our website, alaserrecharge.com or make that Tool 3 call 2-Date,
and you'll have your goods like I said within 24 hours.
1-800-287-9212, and don't forget.
Great hate you.
Here it comes, I would stir and all I want till now is to be more dirty, but no fire be dead.
Red paint is like the little pig who puts his hand on the stove and he say don't keep doing that Johnny,
you're gonna burn yourself real bad, you're gonna hurt like crazy, it's bad news,
and he just keeps sticking it back on air and sticking it back on air.
See this business about, what are we doing for us down to?
Is he scared crap list that somebody else is gonna put stir on into the market in the morning?
And my comment to that would be let them lose their license.
They're animals anyway.
Let them lose their license.
Not that I'm agreeing with the rulings you understand, but it's just that knowing the nature of the market
and certain people inside the market who cost for elder get fired and who cost cheap channel of drop-powered
or stern off-order channels, the situation hasn't changed.
In fact, if anything the climate has gotten much worse, so divest yourself of that insanity and just leave it alone already.
He needs to be removed from the premises, he needs to be, they need to call, you know, the Baker Act.
Call up Howard Baker for cookies or call up Enzo the Baker for your father.
I'm serious, he needs to be Baker Act and we're never gonna survive as long as that man is in charge.
It's like Dr. Frankenstein is on the loose.
He's just a madman.
Anyway, come try to calm down because I just can't believe that this, the old is mad, like this.
And the article in Barry Jackson's column, and Joe is this and Geldy is that and Mo is all whipped up.
Just let some of the crap come back, see I think he's doing this just for my sake because he realizes my summer schedule starts racing.
No, seriously, I mean God forbid that I should slip off into a couple of months of enjoying the summer and only work in a couple of days a week and enjoying my life.
God forbid in my daughtering old age that I should be able to do that.
Just keep stirring it, stirring it, stirring it, oh brother.
Stir the pot, don't smoke it but just stir it.
A 60-year-old Kate Crow woman speaking of four Myers.
A 62-year-old Kate Crow woman who murdered Lesbian partner in Massachusetts was banned from teaching in the church of Christ's scientist after she refused to repent for her actions.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
Kathleen Clevinson returned her teaching credentials and left the church.
Her former students are not considered by the Christian Science Board of Directors to have had no primary instruction.
Clevinson married Suzanne Nightingale 49, also of Kate Crowell on a public beach on May 20th before Massachusetts started banning out of state same-sex couples.
From obtaining marriage licenses, the women have since bought a townhouse in that state and said they plan to move there.
An AP photo taken of the service was sent to newspapers around the world and many people recognized Clevinson's name in connection with the Toich.
The church sent Clevinson letter in early June saying she had abused her role as a teacher but did not define the abuse.
The letter directed her to cut ties with former students and said she could teach again only if she were printed and served the three-year probation.
They were not specific Clevinson said I don't feel I've got anything to repent for more than anybody else.
And of course representatives from the Boston-based church didn't return to phone calls.
Yada Yada Yada, do AP.
That's the end of that.
Now getting back to Fair Night Night 11, which comes to a movie theater near you tomorrow but not what is it movie co?
Right not movie co.
According to that fact, you know.
Right. Well again we have no way of verifying that. Don't you have the newspapers right there?
See the thing that's really pissing me off here is that the newspaper is that we got four of them here but they don't they don't seem inclined to put like the next days listings in.
Right. That's also the issue like on your Yahoo or something like that.
What do you mean by that?
Like it's only listed from today. You know what I mean?
And I even went online and I found a Toronto movie thing and then I found you know Mrs. Saga and Whitby and I found four places where it's starting tomorrow.
And all of them are like Zidane miles away from here.
I mean I wouldn't mind taking a limo out there and back it would be okay but it's just I would prefer not to do that.
I'm going to go find some future listings to verify that to verify the movie co thing.
Yeah.
Isn't that a crocodile crap?
What a great reason to boycott them if it turns out to be true and if not we certainly apologize but I believe it.
Tired by supporters Michael Moore previewed his Bush-bashing documentary Fahrenheit 9-11 before mostly Democratic audience of the nation's capital last night.
Democratic National Committee chairman Terry McCollough said he thought the film would play an important role in this election year.
This movie raises a lot of the issues that Americans are talking about.
That George Bush has been asleep at the switch since he's been president McCollough said as he walked the red carpet into the premiere.
He shouldn't be walking the red carpet.
Terry McCollough here to be walking the plank. He's a real loser.
Senator Tom Harkett of Iowa import all Americans to see the film. It's important for the American people to understand what is going on before what led us to this point and to see it sort of in this unvarnished presentation by Michael Moore.
Who's reading our poll by the way by a landslide. He's all alone just about these early moral balls in pines does not have it listed according to mine.
Right.
And Josh can't find listed either in any movie co.
Well how do you like that?
How about that sports fans?
Maybe somebody ought to call them and find out if they're planning on showing the movie named their theaters.
Or maybe they're Nazis.
Maybe.
Josh, help me.
Good. Did he really?
Good work Josh. I like Josh better all already.
Good choice. I'm just sitting here in dismay. You just every now and then blurt something out that probably would be better left unsaid.
And I'll if it turns out that it's true then we'll say that I'll say it.
All right.
The two are filmed to pick President Bush's lazy and oblivious to warnings in the summer of 2001 that Al Qaeda was poised to strike.
I also accused the administration of manipulating the nine love and the tax and fanning terrorism fears to win support for the Iraqi war, which of course is absolutely correct.
Thousands of fans greeted more outside the theater with applause and shots of go Michael and put down the sandwich.
More a perfect Bush critic said he hopes the movie will get people to the ballot box in November.
If this movie can inspire a few of that 50% who did not vote in this country to get back involved or reengage, then the movie will accomplish something important.
He said opening and limited release in the York on Wednesday to film through mixed reaction.
The movie is slanted. It's a backlash at the president taking the view that the US leadership isn't competent said Miguel Brown 22.
A production assistant who did not work on the movie more makes it look like US soldiers in Iraq were thrown into a battle straight off the streets.
The American army is better than that. Brown is the son of a military officer.
So he's obviously very objective.
Fahrenheit 911 on the top honor last month's can film festival.
Yadi on a open nationwide on Friday.
More in his distributors lost their appeal Tuesday lower the rating to PG 13.
It's our and big deal with that.
And more on that more on that.
Michael Moore may be prevented from advertising his controversial new movie for in high 911 on the television or radio after July 30.
If the FEC today accepts the legal advice of its general counsel, of course, by July 30, everybody would have seen it anyway.
So what's the big deal with that?
At the same time, a Republican allied soft money group is preparing to file a complaint against more film with the FEC for violating campaign finance law.
In a draft advisory opinion placed on the FEC's agenda for today's meeting, the agency's general counsel states that political documentary filmmakers may not irritate TV or radio ads referring to federal candidates within 30 days.
How many of a primary election or 60 days of a general election?
I mean, it's the add is on TV on every channel, even the day I'm a food channel on air every 10 seconds.
So by July 30, everybody will know about that.
I'll have seen it, etc.
The opinion is generated on the new McCain final campaign finance law which prohibits corporate fund of ads that identify a federal candidate before primary general.
What do you think deal, right?
Right. So I can't find the the awkward isn't showing it, but a aventura is tomorrow.
Aventura what?
A.M.C. Aventura multiplex whatever.
All right.
We love the aventura a.M.C multiplexer. Whatever the hell it is. We love them.
Right? A.M.C. Aventura 24.
Like I said, we love the A.M.C. Aventura 24.
Don't forget to end the QM's coverage of the NHL entry draft this Saturday.
Yeah, I see. I'm trying to read this briefly and try to like, I'm not going to do it. I'll do it again later.
It's just, I'm trying to like, narrow it down, but the way clearance writes is just like about a 10 minute spot.
Forget about a clearance, okay? Nobody wants to hear that crap anyway.
27 after 11 a.M. when you shop for quality footwear, you won't find any crap at brandy shoes.
I'll send that because they carry the best names in the shoe business. No off brands like some of those shoe stores.
They've got the best of Brandy's rock ports, floor shine, S.A.S. Sparry, Timberland naturalizer, all the top names in a business.
And with Brandy's huge selection, I guarantee you could bet Greg reads life on it and I'll throw in Muff as well.
You could bet both their life on it. That whatever you need for your size is in stock on a shelf ready to slap on your fat feet right now.
Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday 9 to 9.
Brands Sundays 10 to 5. Smart people have been buying shoes at Brandy's for a coons age because they know they're going to get a great deal all the way around.
You'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompa Dubiche. It's always worth the trip no matter where you are.
And right now, it's a great time to buy boat shoes this week at Brandy's by one pair at the regular price. Get the second pair for half price.
Choose from Framist Brands like Sparry, Timberland and Sadego. Come in or visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes that's with two S's Brandy's shoes.com.
My, my, and law this is 420516, the way in 2AM.
Tom has 560WQA.
Hello, once again, ladies and gentlemen. This is Greg Read, the GM of QAM.
And I have exciting news for you. Now, as you know, the sports side of our community-minded station has its own website.
Not to be confused with that Neil Fellow, who's website has pictures of naked women on it. Well, our website, you know what I want to tell you about.
Our website got some so exciting news.
I can hardly contain myself. The website has a new feature on it. It's an auction. Kind of like eBay or a garage sale, let's say.
Now, you can bid on many sought-after sports-related items on there, like, well, for instance.
Today, we have a sorted locker room laundry, autographed by Don Chuler, who's also reverend by understanding.
You will anyway, all the proceeds go to a worthy cause. Me!
So I hope you'll see it in your hearts to give generously.
To me!
We're the Michael C.I. Look.
27 to 9 at 5.60 W.D.Q.M. Here's one from Steve's. How about putting Senator Joe Biden in Delaware on your poll? He's got big ones. Sure, why not? Joe Biden, we got him.
We got him. Are we Biden our time? I tell you.
What do we got so far? We got Michael Moore, Killin' Competition, which is good. Good thing we're doing this poll. It'll keep the movie in their minds so they don't have to go to movie co-incise some beat movie tomorrow.
What current American political figure is the biggest pair of co-honies? Michael Moore 150, Jenner Reno 20. Jenner's got a big pair of baby. Make no mistake about that.
Howard Dean 16, Teddy Kennedy's got five, Richard Clark Four, Russ Finegold, three, Al Gore two, John Bro has an none of the first 200 votes.
See, not getting any data with votes, because they're like Luke Warman-is.
Speaking of movies, here's the big motion picture news of the day of the century, maybe.
From Rome, no less. Retiring from porn, started in with 1300 films under his belt.
It's had an actor Rocco Siferetti claims he's still up to the job, but is quitting for family reasons. The Daily Law Reproblika reported.
My children are growing up, and I can no longer say, just say, Dad is going to work and make money for the family.
They want to know more. He said of his two sons, eight, seven, and four.
It's not my body, which is holding up very well, but for family reasons, he pulled the paper.
When I started 20 years ago, it bothered me to see guys around 40 filming with much younger girls.
Now I'm 40, and it's time to go.
Adding that he would go into filming and producing.
Siferetti described his wife of 13 years, Rosa, a former Miss Hungary, as sweet and intelligent.
She absolutely knows the difference between sex for work and sex for love, he said.
Rocco Siferetti, aka Rocco Siferelli, aka whatever else. The Italian know something.
Scalient.
The Italian scallion.
Something like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
£560 on a GAT. What a day this has been, but I'm telling you.
That phone call just, it's suddenly back years.
In fact, I think my boil, see that just popped again.
Because of a muffin, Greg.
It's like a bunch of overgrown children we got there sitting running a multi-million dollar company.
But I mean, but I'm like that.
That's what they do in a hallway with each other.
Come in to QIM. Hello.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
Oh, God. Good to talk to you. Listen.
Did you see or hear about this algoldstein moving and all of that to Simistar?
What do you mean by that?
Uh, maybe for yesterday, and I think the Harold, who was, I think, a half-page piece, being evicted and taking his penis over to the west coast.
I'm a fat Jew.
You know, he went through that bypass surgery and he lost like 250 pounds.
Yeah.
You know, I was, they had a photo of him that was kind of shocking.
Plus his whole empire seems to have collapsed.
Well, the, you know, the government was hard to get him and they did get him.
And he gave him ample reason.
You know, he gave him plenty of ammunition and he, like, self-destructed.
It's really a very sad story.
Yeah.
Well, if you got the interest two days ago in the Harold, I think it was a nice piece on the whole thing.
Do wife, is this his fifth wife?
Quick, quick counting at this point.
Yeah. Well, they're moving over to the other coast.
Well, that's their problem.
Okay, thanks for the bad news. Okay, do we care about any of that?
No.
No, but it killed a few seconds.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Poor algoldstein. There's another guy you see.
When you're one of those people who's like a revolutionary, when you're like avant-garde, when you're like outrageous.
America don't want outrageous no more.
As a matter of fact, yes, who probably don't like algoldstein too much.
Who doesn't, doesn't like statues with naked boobies on them.
Oh, that's a good point. Ashcroft.
A watchdog group, soon-a-turned-age General John asked Croft yesterday for classifying previously public documents,
pertaining to a whistleblower's claims and security lapses in the FBI's translator program.
Which we say,
Al-Rai.
Sighting national security asked Croft recently classified documents related to the case of cyber-edmins.
No relation to harness driver Randy Edmonds, a former linguist of the FBI.
The lawsuit charged that reclassifying materials that have previously been in the public domain is illegal and unconstitutional.
Un-feel-able.
The suit was filed in federal, it's illegal and un-un-feel-able.
No, let me try it again.
Un-un-un-constitutional.
The suit was filed in federal court by the Washington-based project and government oversight,
a non-profit group that's been following the case.
In 2002 Edmonds told her bosses of her concerns about shotty translations
and suggested one interpreter with a relative who works at a foreign embassy may have compromised national security.
She was fired soon after.
The bureau said in performance issues, as reasons for this missile,
Ashcroft told Senator Judiciary Committee members that he heard earlier this month
that he took responsibility for the decision to classify the Edmonds information.
The national interest in the U.S. will be seriously impaired if information provided in one briefing to the Congress
or to be made generally available, he said.
The lawsuit said that Edmonds' case was discussed by the FBI during unclassified Senator Judiciary Committee briefings in 2002.
It said letters urging the FBI to investigate or cleanse or port them on the websites that Senator's Patrick Layhe and Charles Grassley.
Those letters have since been removed from the websites.
No, not Mr. Ashcroft has been covering those up and between cover enough statues.
This is an extraordinary and dangerous abuse of power by Ashcroft to improperly use the classification system to hide information that the Justice Department finds embarrassing
said Daniel Bryan executive director of the project.
The group has been investigating Edmonds allegations and wants to post its funding on its website, but is barred from doing so now because of the reclassification Bryan said,
This is like the Nazis all over again.
This is the Nazis all over again. These are not the Neocons. These are the Neonassis make no mistake about it.
Is that enough to make you gag or what?
I'm gagging.
God.
Hey, thanks to the listener who sent us the link to this place.
What place is that?
I just sent you the link.
www.f911tix.com.
Yeah.
And what does it do?
I don't know if you can enter the city that you're in and it'll give you the listings.
Yeah, but probably only the US city because I tried to, I tried going to the Michael Moore website and it's just going to.
I'm going to try Toronto.
Give it a shot.
Well, I'm doing a break.
Give it a shot and see what you got.
Ready or not?
OK.
20 till noon.
Let's see.
What's that schedule look like today?
What is it?
Nothing. Nothing came up. You're right.
It won't do it. It's just US.
Magdog it, too.
Now, see back, where is he still in Rickavik?
Or wait, I don't know.
I think he must be back because I heard him yesterday.
I thank everybody that helped him there in the engineers and big tree Crawford and Steve somebody over there and whoever else.
You notice Bob Vermuth wasn't over there screwing things up.
That's why it sounded so good. That's why the equipment worked.
Those are a couple of days from Rickavik.
I will find out.
Two in and two you'll find out where he is.
The hopper is at these Seminoles in Hollywood at four o'clock this afternoon plunging his guts out.
Marlins on deck at six thirty.
Braves at the Marlins didn't I tell you that day that that's just what the doctor ordered was the Braves coming to town and I said that Josh?
Yeah.
And I was right because the Marlins have the Braves number and always have had.
A 705 game time at the ballpark and then he came to the baseball game.
Don't forget my good post personal buddy.
Absolutely.
Five to eight tomorrow morning.
It's a mole and a big together.
What an improvement that is over what they had before.
You know what I mean?
I don't want to mention no name.
If you're trying to lose weight by following a low carb diet,
the lights of West focus help thousands of low carb diners achieve their weight loss goals today.
Shopping for the right low carb products has become more and more confusing.
It's a real pain in the arse.
Most of the so-called low carb products on grocery stores shelves won't help you lose weight.
In fact, a lot of them actually are loaded with carbs.
Picking out foods with the right ingredients is one of the lowest possible carbs.
That's the key if you want to lose weight on a low carb diet.
The lights focus is on over a thousand of the right low carb food items and products that you can try before you have to buy.
Anything to store just try before you lay out any cash for it.
And they have an knowledgeable staff that knows dieting inside and out.
So if you're on the Atkins Sugar Buster South Beach, any low carb sugar-free diet,
this is the place you want to stock up on all kinds of tasty goodies.
The lights of West focus are the number one low carb store in America.
Let them help you reach that important weight loss goal and please stay alive.
They open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10,
and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441.
Right next to Boston Market, a column toll free at 1-877 Low Carb,
LOW-CARB, on WebetsLowCarb.com, LOW-CARB.
That's the lights of West focus, your official Atkins retail center.
Find a local, this is 560, raise all yours up, you in!
Kill Roger.
Ah, a message to America from 16-year-old Ilion Gonzalez.
Oida, they want me to tell you all as well here.
What could be wrong?
Send me back with a blessing.
I am 16 years old now, and the luckiest boy in the world to be here in the jewel of the Caribbean,
Tastros Kupa.
The hotel's here, how to say.
Swainty, I'm also fortunate to be wearing my family heirloom,
these are a matter of 5 feet a shirt.
So be you and your happy meals.
I am getting my license soon, and Papi says if a taskmate desiolness history test
his butter for a 58 climate sabote in one thing.
You and the Delas may have jail on Disney World, but we have blinets, lots of blinets.
If you'll stop it through the proven's in the amies, do you want to show your support?
Please send me out empty cafe-pastello cans and kiss and you ease the wings.
You know Janet Reno is a nice man, I'll always be grateful to him for saving me from that weird janitor with the hair.
You may not know this, but he touched me.
So f***o imperialist, America.
14 to loon, whoever said that facts about Richard Clark's book and about he's the one who decided to
spirit or some of his law of his family out of the West and he's the one who made the decision.
I must have missed that part of the book and some of us have everybody else who read it.
So if he wants to facts back and tell me worthy, we're in the book I can find that.
What page?
Yeah, what page is what reference, so where he's finding that, because that's news to me.
Anyway, if I can find it, I'll be glad to read it on the ear.
Here's one that says, hey, Neil, on the QM auction, you can bid to be a guest host on the big show for an hour.
Needless to say, there were zero bits for that crap.
What an effing scam.
I think we should be able to bid on being able to beat the crap out of Mohaward.
Absolutely.
Is your station that desperate for money that they have to hur out their own employees?
The thought of that auction makes me puke.
QAM is, as or more corrupt in the Bush administration, shame on them.
Keep ripping QM. They suck and sow does more.
Do you like that?
It was really pissed off about this scam that they're running with this auction.
I'll say it again.
They suck me into that, or how many months ago was that, a couple of months ago?
And I read the promos, and then I did just innocently.
I thought, well, what charities this support?
Because I'd like to tell the audience, you know, where the money is going.
Ah, but it made me, but I know the B'sly charity.
Right.
B'sly enterprises, some bogus name they made up, some other corporation.
The money is going in their pocket.
As clear as it's another revenue stream.
Josh Beckett would say it's streaming down your leg.
Josh, OK?
So I want to confirm that.
Yes.
And item there, apparently, that's not all we have.
You could, you could be booge for a day, apparently, or at least hang out with them.
Yeah.
Spend the day inside booge's head.
Wait, you see Greg must be planning ahead for when we put Howard Stern out in the morning.
We get five millions and millions of dollars.
We got to raise money somehow.
So what we're going to know is raise the money ahead of time.
So we have like a big, a slush fund.
Of course, then when they take the license away, then we can just do all of the stuff out there in a street corner with a megaphone.
I'm working for crazy people, folks.
That's what it's all about.
Crazy people.
C-5.
I'm going to be on a show.
But I'm saying people.
God, what a lunatic.
I think he ought to look with Barry Jackass.
Maybe we could send the two of them to Massachusetts for the weekend.
Let me think that's a way to ID the province town will be good.
Greg and Barry.
There rhymes with Mary.
Anyway, here's a fact that says to a lady who I've earned out a Hector.
This is from a lady Gina at movie co.
Hector facts to find out about the other dealer.
Why not show in Fahrenheit and line 11?
It says thank you for your interest in movie co-theaters.
Movie co-theaters typically plays all first run mainstream Hollywood movies.
We do not typically play art for in our documentary features.
During the very busy summer movie season, most of our screens are already booked with the many films that Hollywood is offering.
I.E. Harry Potter III, the terminal, Garfield, the steppard wives,
around the world in the 80 days, Spider-Man 2, etc.
Since Fahrenheit 9.11 is a very limited film of only 550 prints and circulation,
we haven't confirmed when or if we'll have any available screens at this time.
Thank you again for your interest in movie co-theaters.
Hector says I was disappointed to see that you know I see this is what he originally said.
Let's see response.
No, no, no, no.
Well, alas.
So I think this doesn't necessarily mean that they're censored.
Maybe they're maybe it's legit who downloads and I say I want to come in Josh,
a great job around dumping George.
It wasn't bad enough you brought your boyfriend Al Ghulstein and Eric got us in the first track.
We got out of that alive.
Well, you're the one that kept encouraging him.
Every time I'd go on vacation, stick with suds.
I didn't stick with suds.
Suds and safes, not a potty mouth.
He doesn't slander people on the air.
Stick with suds. He's a good sidekick for you there this summer time.
Don't be bringing anymore loose cannons like your friend Al Ghulstein.
And we just had to hear all of that cock-a-ray about before they don't get it.
You were looking at that, but then he asked him to bring around Jeremy and Tuesday
could squeeze his pubic here.
That was disgusting.
5670560.
If you miss QM's coverage at the NHL, I'm free draft this Saturday.
You might miss a chance to win an autograph for Bertel Lomgo, Jersey and A Lomgo's best 13-game
season ticket plan for two in lower bowl.
In fact, most of the Panther fans have spent a lot of time at the bowl last few seasons.
To register log on to wqm.com, then listen to QM's NHL entry graph coverage this Saturday.
Don't try to adjust your radio over the summer little squeaky.
From 1130-0-2 for your name to be announced is the grand prize winner.
Won't that be great?
Maybe, and if you don't win that, maybe you can win a date with John Weiner.
Or you just win the Duffs set.
Well, anyway, join the Rio Lielo pages from Bellsoft and QM noon to one of the majestic locksmith today.
It's coming up momentarily.
I bet you Miguel is there right now, located at 1860.
West 60th Street in Haya, Lea.
Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to the Knights of Marlins Braves game or a VIP pass
to the Knights NBA Grand Party at the Triple A arena, the Mickey, the scam arena.
Here's the story of the day.
A new book by the Senior Central Intelligence Agency officer who headed a special office to track Osama Yamama Vidalon
and his followers warns that the U.S. is losing the war against radical Islam
and that the invasion of Iraq has only played into the enemy's hands.
In the book, Imperial Hubris, you know, so many books in so little time it's getting on my nerves now.
I read them a stack halfway to my ceiling in the other room.
How do you find the time to read all of these damn things?
A lot of time to talk to them.
In the book, Imperial Hubris, the author is identified only as anonymous,
but former intelligence officials identified him as a 22-year veteran of the CIA
who's still serving in a senior counterterrorism post at the agency
and headed the Bin Laden Station from 1996 to 1999.
The Bin Laden Station is that WIOT?
They're the evil doers.
That's Teep Channel, or maybe that's Big 106.
That's the Bin Laden Station.
The 309-page book obtained by the New York Times provides an unusual glimpse into a school
of thought inside the CIA and includes harsh criticism of both the Clinton and Bush administrations.
U.S. leaders refused to accept the obvious the officer rights
were fighting a worldwide Islamic insurgency, not criminality or terrorism,
and our policy and procedures have failed to make more than a modest dent in enemy forces.
The author says the threat is rooted in opposition not to American values
but to policies and actions, especially in the Islamic world.
It is rare for a CIA officer to publish a book while still serving at the agency
and highly unusual for the book to focus on such a politically explosive profit.
Under CIA rules, the book had to be cleared by the agency before it could be published.
It was approved for release on condition that the author and his internal agency not be identified.
The book itself identifies anonymous only as a senior U.S. intelligence official
with nearly two decades of experience in national security issues related to Afghanistan and South Asia.
It then identifies a previous book through our enemy's eyes,
or some have been law-dematical Islam in the future of America, as being written by the same author.
Former intelligence officials identified the officer to the Times in order that he was an over-employed employee of the CIA
but an intelligence official asked that his full name not be published because it could make him a target about Taita.
The senior intelligence officials said the book had been vetted to ensure that it not include classified information.
We still have freedom of speech the officials said, ride.
It doesn't mean that we endorse the book but employees are free to express their opinions.
We still have freedom of speech if I have his issue on.
Mr. Speech?
In a report issued in March the staff of the 9-11 Commission described it as a law denue.
This is a place where a sense of alarm about bin Laden was not widely shared or understood within the intelligence and policy communities.
Another new book, Ghost Wars by Steve Call of the Washington Post, was based in part on interviews with the officer identified by his first name Mike.
Mr. Call reported that the White House sometimes complained to George Tennant, the director of the CIA,
that the officer was too myopic in his approach to men into the bin Laden group.
In the book the author denounced the American invasion of Iraq as an ever-wishes premeditated unprovoked war against a foe who posed no immediate threat
and said it would fuel the Indian American sentiments on which Mr. Bin Laden as follows draw.
Here's the most important part of this story.
If you're not if you're nodding off and not paying attention, just listen to this one quote.
There is nothing that bin Laden could have hoped for more than the American invasion occupation of Iraqi rights.
In warning that the U.S. is losing the war on terrorism, anonymous rights in the period since 9-11,
the U.S. has dealt lethal blows to al-Qaeda's leadership and a official claim claims are true have captured 3,000 al-Qaeda foot soldiers.
At the same time he adds, we have waged two failed half-wars and in doing so, left Afghanistan in Iraq seething with anti-U.S. sentiment,
fertile grounds for the expansion of al-Qaeda and kindred groups, which ties right in with that clown that called her yesterday.
I wonder how come so much violent crap is going on.
The Bin Laden unit or station agency Parlens is part of the CIA's counterterrorism center.
It was established in 1996 at the agency's headquarters in Virginia as part of an organizational experiment
that marked the first time the agency dedicated a station to an individual instead of a country.
A staff report issued by the 9-11 commission in March based in part on extensive interviews with the former station chief,
described leaders of the state as having been deeply frustrated when a planet capture Mr. Bin Laden,
and in the spring of 1998 was not coordinated by the CIA leadership for approval by the White House.
The chief and other leaders of the Bin Laden station were transferred from it in mid-1999,
according to the 9-11 commission report after morale in the unit sagged,
and President Clinton was informed by his national security adviser that covert actions against Mr. Bin Laden had not been fruitful.
In the book's preface the author appears to direct criticism not only at policy makers,
but also it is superior as the intelligence agencies including George Tenet,
who offended off criticism after the attack before announcing this multi-brasson on July 11th after Bush told him to get lost.
The author expresses a pressing certainty that Al Qaeda will attack the continental U.S. again,
that its next strike will be more damaging than that of 9-11 2001,
and could include use of weapons of mass destruction.
After the next attack he adds,
misled Americans in the elected representatives will rightly demand the heads of intelligence community leaders
that heads do not roll after 9-11 as perhaps are most grievous, post-attack error.
And of course all the media punns are busy asking Bill Clinton about the blue dress and does he feel bad for Monica.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQA,
and as your company's suffering from regulations and increased labor costs,
let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business.
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services, and risk management
are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation call tool free 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Ossourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice,
which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to the folks at Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a fee evaluation call tool free 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
For Oasis outsourcing.
We're supporting you 5.60 WQAM.
As Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on QAM.
Hey, you, I bet you, God won't be coming to get you.
He won't take just anyone, only good Christian sheets and all heaps.
Start paying us on the Bible and change your body to a public virtue.
I'll present you up when he has a rapture.
No pan is on, but here after.
Oh my God.
He takes all your bills off because of heaven your day day.
Not much of you have been the computer, a cable TVV.
You had weeks like a radio and made us just as boring as you.
I'll present the God when he has a rapture.
We're the whole planet on QAM.
We're the leader rapture.
Welcome to heaven.
What do I do now?
I don't know.
Can I fly with work that way?
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
on the air like that kind of thing. I mean are you like actually doing a radio show now?
Don't you have time to answer Greg's question?
Get him some help, okay? Look under P as in psychiatrist. Look under S as in shrink.
Look under M as in mental health and the yellow pages. Get somebody in there, okay?
Remember we we had the al Lady came in very nicely. It took my blood right in the studio there.
Get somebody to come in here and put him in a straight jacket.
Give me a little bit of that electro shock therapy would be good. Kind of like Jack Nicholson was getting there and Kupusnir.
Kind of like our good friend was getting there in Requio.
Yeah, poor Sarah.
Ever see Greg and Sarah together? Same person.
WQA and hello. Hello, is it Neil? Greg is Sarah after she got out. Yes sir.
Neil. Speaking.
WQA and hello.
Hello, I am. Yes sir.
This is Neil. On your shop. Yes it is.
I nearly have all sharpening on the other side. Who? All sharpening.
All sharpening's got a big pair. That's good. He was good in the debates man. He opened up a big mouth.
A big dark mouth. Even though we don't like a lot of what he stands for. Never less. He was good.
Give credit work credit is do. How about a little Dennis Cassidy? So the guy with a big pair. Let's put him on there too.
Maybe we have to be creative and put all the names on there. Okay for these lung heads.
Right? All right, let's do it. Dennis Cassidy. There's the guy. He made the most sense. He got the least attention to these
votes. That's the way it always is. Very very sad situation. And I'll say it again. You can't say it
too many times. The media. The media is pathetic. Here comes Bill Clinton. Here's a guy who was just
president for two terms three and a half years ago. He left office making the rounds opening
himself up to all of these questions. Ask whatever you want. The media is sick and they caught the
and even the guy in the BBC that kind of all whipped up into a frenzy there all he wants to talk about
his Ken star and and penis gait and Monica and Oprah would have silly craft she was talking about
the other day that Pablo and about Hillary and how did she feel and how did Chelsea take it and all
this all this cockarri man all this nonsense. Here's a chance to find out what that was really
going on in the world. What led to where the hell we are today but instead know we want to find
out about all these all this these proff pieces all of these human interest stories all of this
crap. Well the human race ever grow up will ever get to the point but they put like something meaningful
ahead of crap. No. I'm sorry. Here I'm sitting on a sports station I'm asking that question. I
must be crazy sports. No I must be losing it okay. In fact from my law I just called me John
Henry. I must be crazy I must be nuts. That's it that's my new name. I must be crazy I must be
nuts. John Henry you're nuts. What's the hell of a horse he was the signature of the erasing
industry WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Can you add Ralph Adder to the bowl? No. 567-0560
find out where that last guy wasn't let's go time up or maybe we'll just chop his head off.
WQAM hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Oh yes I like to put my vote in but it's for somebody that I
really hate it's going to be half the feet George W. Bush because he tried to take my uh hello.
I'm here. Yeah he tried to take my overtime pay away I'm a EMS worker. Yeah and he was going to
take what overtime pay away from eight million uh first responders or something like that. Yeah
huh and also because of his tax cuts to the of course everybody making a million dollars a year
or more and then me with a two percent tax cut. I mean that gives a list goes on but yeah
hey speak I'll have to do that good point Polly we'll put him on there and see how he turns out.
All right thank you thank you George W. Bush put his ass on I mean put him on there we got it
567-0560-0.560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line here at the circus at the mental institution
at the crazy place named QAM this and a radio station it's a nut house I really mean that I'm not
saying that to be a cute clever dramatic uh whatever it's a nut house certifiable yeah absolutely
I think that when Mo came there in fact they're probably before us first meeting with Greg maybe
he was like I'm standing go a guy I doubt it but he might have been and then like to come out of
that meeting the first thing he said was what does that tell you WQAM hello hey do you know
the problem with the Mac or what is that sir the problem with the Mac is we're being run by a bush
a dick and a coke okay great terrific 567-0560 on these people creative oh man they're so
clever and creative and fresh new comedy kind of like that Joey Reynolds fresh new comedy yeah
so sad 567 but I told you it was important to take at least 20 30,000 calls just keep that in mind okay
I mean the fact that the Josh had a dump you and they go to show you need to like sharpen your skills
before I thought last week would have done that before I won he didn't have to why not a
political party no wrong okay not a good idea we don't want to have to go back go through all
you see you're not we're not the imparting this on you strongly enough you don't you're not the
in fact you and Greg ought to have a good chat maybe you can go to lunch with him and see
get some of that sushi say kuchi kuchi let's go get some sushi okay maybe Terry branch
I'll be there WQAM hello speaking Jesse Jackson Jesse Jackson's got a big pair he's got
a nerve too that's what the his love child say he's got a big pair put him on there I don't
he's ain't no else sharpened but put Jesse under two it takes a lot of going to big pair to be running
around the being the opportunist that he is other than being a reverend does he do any work like
for a living nobody goes and frees a lot of them hostage all the time too many didn't do too good
of a job this last time if they would have just asked him maybe those four people have their head
back on Daniel Pearl and Nicholas Berg and Ralph Johnson and what was this other guy's name the
the South Korean guy we don't know yeah how we're gonna say it some young guy WQAM hello
yeah can we put George down there and why would we do that sir okay he wants to date WQAM hello
hi how are you doing pretty good that's good um listen the uh oh guy in this park what is it
nip tuck nip tuck did you guys watch that what else that I did I watched it
oh George yeah thank you George it's Bill uh I didn't want to hear I mean talking to Neil he doesn't
want oh I didn't realize that I'm sorry I don't know what you're talking about oh Nia you missed
a good show people are told you about it huh what's your Zan but you don't even want to watch it
what show is it nip talk about uh surgery plastic surgeon and the Ollie you know
emphasis is around it where uh impropriety um all kinds of the great judge George to tell you about it
and start it and realize Neil won't work it I won't like it I'm not interested I talked to George
about nip tuck when he's on him be honest all summer long talked him about it I don't care
about nip or tuck I don't even care about friar tuck how do you like that who's a jelly fat guy
well aren't we all well we're alive five six seven oh five sixty get that finger ready again
Josh pound five sixty on the 18 teen Verizon wireless line what current American political figure has
got the biggest pair of cajonis Michael Moore's got it licked two twenty one
janitorino though through I mean look at that two twenty one when did we ever last take a pull
even rush never got does it even w never wins a poll like this right never Michael Moore for
president oh two hundred twenty one votes janitorino thirty six Howard Dean twenty five Richard Clark
thirteen Ted Kennedy's got a dozen bottles of beer on the wall
Russ fine gold four al Gore four tennis to kucinets four Joe Biden this time three
Al Sharpton one George W Bush has got one John Brodo and have any in Jesse Jackson out of three twenty four
they wouldn't know John Bro from John from Joe Schmoll I guarantee you that right now
how many people in South Florida do you think I've ever heard of John Bro
but third man and that is an exaggeration that's really stretching it
cool crazy speaking of stretching it you can take that muskrat you can stretch it out you can
squeeze it like an accordion you can do whatever you want it still looks like a joke on your head
you know Sam people are laughing their ass off at you so don't walk around with a moxie looking
piece and certainly don't start with them holes in the head and have the blood gripping down your
forehead like some silly ass people I know and don't start poppins those dangerous pills that are
all you're going to maybe cure you but certainly not growing here back if you want to get a great
looking head of hair you want to talk to my good buddy Charles Alfieery because he be the best for
more than 35 years Charlie's appeared as a guest and good morning America that the day show CBS
morning news he's world flaming because he offers you the most amazing natural hairline system you'll
find anywhere the most critical area of any hair system is that hairline and Charlie's new skin
like hair system looks so great it looks like real hair it is 100% undetectable and Charlie's
are guaranteed is this you try his assistant for 30 days third man tried for a month and after
a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting pod and
clawed out and squeezed and pleased then return it for a full refund so what's not to like
so if you want to look like a real mench younger and better than you ever thought you could again
change your life forever by making that one easy call call tool free 1-800-3-124-13 that's 1-800-3-124-13
or check them on the web at Charles Alfieery.com
you
will
the coolest summer concert festival ever was Lilith Fair
away
this was the best
this
what come on dude
what a perluse
can't decide which live music festival was the best ever then this summer attend the one that
sure to please everybody
Ospera Pollusa
and Ospera Pollusa
watch Osie fight that head off of that as Sarah McLachlan protests his animal rights violations
before perry peril licks the blood off the stage floor
so if you and your alternative buddies can't decide which alternative concert to see this summer
then you have no alternative but to see the alternative to alternative festivals
Ospera Pollusa
can't wait 12 17 at 5 60 and if you can't wait to see the movie Furnheit 9-11 it's coming out
tomorrow maybe i'll read the x-read the review it's four pages long it's long all i'll read
and pop pop pop pop pop Michael Moore-Neeves leaves no stone on turns his
x-read there are multitudes of shattering seminal moments in his brain and bush-wacking
documentary Furnheit 9-11 that reveal more about citizens greed and ineptitude in the U.S.
government then you'll ever learn from any sound bite on the right wing late night cable channel
but one will stay with me forever forget about the official reports from the White House about
the activities of George W. Bush on that faithful morning of 9-11 insisting he learned about the
al-Qaeda attacks while meeting with photo-prese schoolers and quickly dashed from the room to save
the country the truth is now revealed is that he was informed of the first attack on the World
Trade Center before he even entered the school room and he decided to continue with his photo op
anyway there he is on camera when Andrew Cardin forms of the second plane and utters the fatal
words were under attack but he continues to read my pet goat for another seven minutes his
eyes sliding sideways in his puzzled face like a moron looking for a bathroom until a staff
insist that he leave he stayed for another half hour if nothing else that defining moments as
volumes about what we can expect from the president of the U.S. in the center base of
supreme history ordering crisis he's just clueless there are other moments that will impact some
viewers and polarize others so many in fact that you watch fair and high 9-11 with disbelief and
leave shaking with rage sometimes sarcastic always funny mr. Moore's armed with facts and he
presents them accurately and succinctly the controversial filmmaker stated on the today show that
the White House mouthpieces have denounced the film is outrageously false without seeing it
and right wing Republicans have charged mr. Moore with staging a left wing conspiracy to
influence the forthcoming election well duh for years reactionary conservatives have been famous
for staging right wing conspiracies of their own to disgrace and discredit elected democratic
public officials maybe this is payback time whatever it is everyone should see fair and
high 9-11 first before debating the issues the purpose of any documentary is to influence opinion
but instead of a customarily droning voice the comments on the act and tells you what to think
this one asks tough logical questions gets rational answers and never loses its entertainment value
mr. Moore who's tackled corporate greed and Roger and me in gun control boiling for columbine
now feels driven and obligated to strip the facade from a staggering bowl a swaggering bowl
like a grammatically challenged bully and a cabinet that is beginning to look more like the
third Reich every day he accuses them of lying about their motivations for declaring war against
a Reich a country that never threatened American the first place killing thousands of innocent
civilians in retaliation for the acts of 9-11 aggression although not one of the terrorists was
from a Reich and killing more than 800 of our own American kids all from ethnic or working class
families nobody denies that sada Hussein was a monster but not the Iraqi women and children
who've been saved from unvillain only to be burned in shot and mean for life without arms and
legs by villains in a different uniform at the same time mr. Moore show is mr. Bush
justifying American atrocities against sada Hussein by actually saying to the camera he tried to
kill my daddy like his daddy he knows he might also get kicked out of the white house after serving
only one term still he pursues a war that is losing the hearts and minds of even the boys who
fight it the interview is with our soldiers on the front lines will make you weep while earning the
U.S. unprecedented heights of global hatred and distrust even from longstanding allies and he
does it on the golf course ignoring the pressing domestic issues of health care education social
security unemployment in the economy while instructing frustrated reporters to watch his next
drive in his first eight months in office he was on vacation 42% of the time meanwhile the
current occupants of the white house bolstered by an irresponsible press that has never bothered
to ask them right questions had courted public support by hammering home the kind of fear and
born again religious ideology that keep people people subservient and paralyzed mr. Moore saying
that in the lineup of fear factors terrorists and sinners may have replaced communist and beaten
it's but if you keep the people frightened enough the bully always wins the movie begins with
the awesome night in two thousand when the U.S. Supreme Court decided the election not the
American voters then unveils footage that was never reported on TV of the bush in argument
being plentied with raw eggs instead of the traditional walk to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue he was
so afraid to leave the car he became the first president in history who was forced to sneak into
the white house through the back door did you know that no where you do now it was downhill from
there and mr. Moore has obtained amazing film to illustrate the graphic to our slam dunk that
follows in the one-pea reported that is dominated the media for four years very few journalists have
bothered to investigate the shroud of secrecy surrounded the bush presidency that keeps the people
ignorant to write about it to explain it mr. Moore does it with wit and cleverness there's no doubt
that he would do anything to provide a bush re-election but there is no conjecture here no
embellishment he doesn't need any dubby and company are easy targets mr. Moore simply turns on
his cameras and lets them hang themselves he proves the one and a half billion dollars in profits
the bush plan is made from oil interest in the family of the family of Osama bin Laden the real
perpetrator of the nine eleven disaster then asked why when all the aircraft were grounded after
nine eleven the white house allowed several planes to fly around the country picking up the bin Laden
family and protectively escorted 142 Saudis out of the country without interrogation overruling
the protest of the FBI you can say yes but his family has denounced Osama so what's the problem
the problem is that the bushes were in business with his family at the same time that Osama was
under surveillance as they suspected al-Qaeda terrorist and neglected to make a full disclosure mr.
Moore also reveals W's military records blood out the name of a fellow pilot whose flight status
was suspended for refusing to take a physical exam the friend bush was trying to protect
her and out to be James R. Bath who both managed the US financial investments of the bin Laden regime
and bank ruled the various oil interest of the bush brigade cut to W. Ericant Lee stating
access is power then when he was investigated by the SEC the man who got bush out of hot water
rubber W. Jordan who later was appointed ambassador you guessed it Saudi Arabia the ironies pile up
like body bags now that the crap is hit the oscillator and he doesn't use the word crap he uses
the Spanish word for you know what now that the crap has used the oscillator so to speak mr.
Moore charges that the Bush administration has still notes French it's still try to hide evidence
of its own stupidity by censoring 28 pages of the independent report by the night 11 permission
if you don't guess for the side of mr. Bush dining with the Saudi ambassador with part of the
Finnegonne and flames in the background this movie is not for you no need to talk about the
president welcoming the Taliban of the state department knowing they were harboring the man who
bombed the USS Cole no need to go into the plans to build an underground pipeline through
Afghanistan pumping money into a company owned by vice president Cheney alarmingly it's all
gone unreported by an irresponsible press corps with 860 billion dollars currently invested by
the Saudis and American business no wonder our tax money pays for a six man detail to protect
the Saudi ambassador in Washington but why does it take Michael Moore to tell us this is all very
dis spiriting but unless you've lost your sense of humor completely you've just got a laugh when
mr. Moore intercuts mr. Bush's tough talk from cowboy movies with actual footage of the corny
cowboys nose movies saying exactly the same things i've hardly scratched the surface of this
electrifying documentary mr. Moore even cruises through Washington meeting from a loud speaker the
idiotic USA patriot act hastily passed by con whistle out of her reading it and chronically the
lunacy it's inspired groups and individuals harassed by cops for holding private club meetings
a woman who has refused admittance to an airplane because she was carrying breast milk all
diversionary tactics has mr. Moore to distract the American people from viewing the corpses sent
home from a rack for funerals that have never once been attended by president Bush or debunking
in the myth of weapons of mass destruction people of all ages are shown voicing doubts about the
kids who've died in a questionable war with no end in sight and for what Bush says defending
freedom the movie says making money and talk about imbalance fact out of 535 members of congress
only one has a child serving in a rack one of the most telling scenes in fair night 9 11 is
Michael Moore standing outside the US Senate with a microphone trying to convince members of
congress to enlist their own children for the war now the single senator or representative is
willing to send his own children in the harms way this is one of the few scenes in which the
director appears at length one of the things that makes this movie better and more convincing than
his previous films is the way mr. Moore stays mostly in the background compiling facts and letting
the evidence speak for itself the can cognizant in the limousine liberals have already declared
fair night 9 11 the blockbuster documentary of the year who knows how it will play in punk and creek
i think it should be required viewing for every american but as usual i figure the people who
could learn the most from issues it raises will avoid it like a fundraiser for free abortions
mr. Moore's opponents will label it ideologically fuel partisan agit prop which it is but any visionary
who tries to cultivate changes destined to harvest adversaries with his usual fury channeled
an under control mr. Moore sets out to prick probe and sound a wake up call in an emotionally
charged election year where the truth has been buried six feet under and succeeds with humor in bite
the result is undeniably galvanizing immensely watchable and then good filmmaking if it convinces
one non-voted to think it'll serve a purpose the saddest most infuriating thing I learned from
her night nine eleven is not the political hack work but the reality of what a lightweight
the president is in the context of american history George w bush maybe the first president of the
west was brainwashed himself that's the rest of you i'm not to put the money on that i can't wait
when the movie comes out tomorrow big lines in new york big lines in the church of kato a la
and on the art fudge report but it ain't planned to well in punk and creek
yeah just like just like the clinton book oh nobody's going to see it in punk and creek
what the hell's that who the hell knows i know we're coming next to miss fudge is a place down
around south beach where we're going to hell he's hanging it out screamer
26 past known at five sixty w two a.m. what a place baby
i'm just playing that next week when you're on vacation four hours of it
interspersed with an occasional one of it you know at summertime days are getting longer
nights getting shorter which means it's so important for you to get a good night's sleep if
you're not sleeping as well as you'd like to call one eight hundred macris two day millions of
people have died one eight hundred m at tr s for the lowest prices on the best brands in bedding
the easiest possible way to get to a great night's sleep save time save money improve your
productivity and bright your disposition after a good night's sleep every night dollar macris
is ranked new middle one customers satisfaction and they were winners of the two thousand and four
better business bureau local torts of excellence award when you call one eight hundred macris you'll
get the best prices on the best brands would live re in that to our window on your schedule when
it's convenient for use and the best customer service in the business on top of that dollar macris
has the complete line of the top names in the universe they got them all they got ccly
survey king coel simons temperatic students bananas foster from candle the steward palm beach
deford mires dollar macris will live right here door the finest bedding anywhere every one of qm
including yours truly we've been called one eight hundred macris for a long time now you should
be doing the same check them out of the web if you like it macris dot com or better yet reach over
pick up that instrument make that one easy call and just sit there on your ass they'll be
knocking on your door no time at all one eight hundred macris one eight hundred m a t tr e s
why why in local your sports radio five sixty two and you a m
and culture is a party girl party girl party girl
and culture is a party girl party girl party girl
i'll go back to the dark spread
oh
more of a sponsor of the girl who wants to be a media home for versatile top quiver you want more
on this lady is what i'll give you she's got a book to read about slander ring nobody knows
for about slander and out with a big scoop of mouth anyone to the left of mangola such a good
christian girl you want to strangle her pontificating who she's hating political pondit
the games from on the floor and a republican skanky home she's a federalist
emote making liberal a dirty word you know in a mini-starcho and cameldo
and culture knows what take can be in a mini skirt that spells fishy she's a tall drink of water
on the side of large order with the back alley look if you like your broad dollar if you got the
money she'll spread those hate with the cigarette and a sharp name and culture and culture
but this is the angel of the right and the he's
out
what the toy
comfort three and that's a great leading to the star we got on our website today it'll be much
more effective if you read it to yourself but it's very short because i'm going to have to put
how many bleeps in it mark aims rights in the new york press the culture challenge
he says there was a time and an appearance by encoder inspired an uneasy mixture of rage and
desire most won't admit it but there was something sexy about an area in shiverland calling
out her country to conquer and christianize the islamic heathen i don't think i was the only one
who read that notorious post-911 column of hers and thought damn i bet she's a good lay
but all how the mighty have fallen last week encoder appeared on hand in the encohms looking
haggard and clinically insane the night of the living dead circles underneath her eyes the life
list here it looks like she's been living on canned foods for the past two months and look like
she should be pushing a sh and look like she should be pushing a shopping cart not polyticking
for bush it wasn't just what she said like repeatedly accusing holocaust survivor jord
siros of being antisemitic it was how she said it she left insanely after every sentence fragments
yodard a clear symptom of late-stage paranoid schizophrenia the saddest part was when
handy flashed the carver called the quarters upcoming how to talk to a liberal there she is
posing in full length in a tight black mini a childless m-i-lf wannabe try to pass her off as a
forty something far right pin up and star is sagging and apparently her handlers don't have the hard
to tell her which brings me to my challenge i don't believe and is half as sexy she wants this
to believe in fact i'm sure that and has all the sexual dynamism of a carton of fax paper so here's
my public challenge to an encoder i propose that you and i spend a night together in a forced
our hotel we will wind together we will dine together we will harden each other's nipples with
erotic pillow talk about senator johmacarthi and yes and we will and here's the dare
i'm betting that no matter how much you try no matter what prostate massaging tricks a john
birch prom queen like you put up possesses you and colder cannot make me i'll bet the ideological
house on it if she can bring me to orgasm i hereby promise to vote for george w bush more over i
promise that i won't see fair and i nine eleven and i promise to promote bushes candidacy without
irony in every article i published between now november on the other hand if and me it make a
fails to make me by son up all i ask is that she dressed like a genuine republican woman
covering the knees arms and neck and a barber bush burka or dressing in mccarthy hearings
era patniks and tweeds be as bland as your heroes and it's time to stop fighting father time
and accept the cool workings of your christian god beauty i love it five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless line it's time for a walkoff performance
i'm hearing that gildey i just walk off by the end of week which is tomorrow wouldn't be great
read the middle of the show oh come on balken handle it i think i smith can that the very jack
asterisk as i probably should have saved it to go back to the vry that last sentence that i
enjoyed so much i'm sure it's still posted if you lost it yeah it just didn't have the same i don't
i think i smith candit either that or maybe it's in buries brown little little brown paper bag
wqa and hello good afternoon good afternoon sir two quick things fair and i nine eleven
playing on the sunrise boulevard theater i don't know the name of it's the common obon car theater
on some right for cutting edge stuff right exactly for some right sunrise and we're sunrise
at federal you know where the where the big bend is okay god i wish you knew the name of it
they come together everybody knows what that is pretty sure in this and the other thing is real
quick uh what what's going to happen next week roe's is coming back or not or does anyone care or
coming back he's coming back don't don't don't buy it all allies they feed in all this bias and
the melodrama they try to stir up how do they do that by like do they think the people are just stupid
yes oh no no it's because they're stupid it's because they think that we have to do this in order
to generate a little bit of a simon and plus it's cheaper than going on and buy more billboards i guess
at some believably it's just the contemptible for your audience i mean it just shows that it's
contemptible for the audience plus as far as credibility is concerned it's a warning won't find
their vocabulary because evidently the most of the people who run this radio station don't care
about credibility they don't understand that well if i remember right you were on screen a long time
by your own credibility i think it's true when you put an ad on or spot people actually believe you
go to that restaurant or you go to that the right way which is exactly why it won't promote that
damn auction in there is that online auction because it's a fraud they're trying to they're trying to
make people think that it's like for charity and in the meantime they're just stuffing the money
in their pocket when you go to the summer schedule to study curiosity not soon enough uh
too uh let's see monday july 5th is at it yeah and then you're on Tuesday 3rd and George does the
rest july and most of august right thank you George the lord George has a nice job filled some big
sure joy you know they give me a lot of crap when i first said let's put you on there oh janeel
what you're must be crazy and air v show air v week every time he gets better and better and
better and quite frankly i don't see like any drop off much on our website but there's a lot of
interest and he's doing just fine you know the thing is he's crazy what is it i was just gonna say
if he on the political stuff he's he's right with you stride for stride is very very good and his
mileage is really i mean it shows that you've done some research i'm not trying to suck up you've
done the work and it's it's a pretty he knows this crap man i'll get to the sex stuff and the other
weird stuff it gets kind of tedious but hey everybody has a lot of well he's desperate man have a great
thing good luck oh we're here the opposite he's like here the political stuff it's tedious you
know i know i know those those people are talking about those are the same ones that are watching
Oprah as blah blah about the stain on Monica's dress i'm i'm telling you seriously the people who
talk the most about sex are the ones who are getting the least i guarantee you that those are people
are talking about it very little those that are people that are banging their brains out they're
getting all they can handle and then some all right but those people it's like kids in a locker
room i see i did as i know you didn't you only you're only thinking about it who the hell are you
can i mean so tragic here we have a present that's all he was in office for eight long amazing
years and all they want to talk about is the impeachment and he lied to his wife and about the
Monica doesn't he feel bad for her isn't it amazing how soon we're supposed to forget about how
she told her girlfriend there who she thought was a good buddy lend a trip that she was bringing her
presidential knee pads when she found out she was going to be an intern at the White House she was
bringing her presidential knee pads do i have to draw you a diaphragm
one i swear
K
he looks like a guy
She makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on, she's 70 wide, she makes me want to go on
Ripping her and ask with songs like this But we find that a museum From that self-promoting ugly beach How much were you paying? How much were you paying? For monocas, days? For monocas, days? By Richard C. Nelland's day? For those who are good men living in the living, they're trips of fast food I wish you all would leave me alone!
I'm just like everyone who's here out there! I really think they're waiting about so far away!
Just go to your feet, you're fully You've had a conscious ugly smelly pig You're really that judge in a prince! Oh no!
This is the trip to the country! This is the trip!
From 45 to 560 WQM, this poll today is going over like a pregnant poll, vulnerable in the heated July in the equator
But that's okay, what current American political figure has the biggest pair of gohanes? We're looking for big ones baby! Michael Moore, he's the only one, 270 votes!
Jan Arino, she's got 54, she puts the other guys to shame, how are Deans only got 3!
George W. Bush 23! Of course we don't even know exactly what those 23 votes mean! Richard Clark 18, Ted Kennedy 16, I know that Richard Clark personally flew the plane that took the Saudis back to the Saudi Arabia, did you hear that? That's right, it was a big plane!
It took all of Ben Laden's back, I don't know what that guy was talking about, Ted Kennedy 16, Al Gore 10, Dennis Quasenet 7, Russ Feingold 7, Joe Biden 5, Al Sharpton 5, Jesse's Jackson's got 3, and John Bro, finally got one out of 449 vote, John Bro
You know John Bro? No! I don't think so! 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
WQM, hello!
I'm not going to give you my version of what a Patriot Act should be, that would be where anybody that proposes war in the government, anybody in their immediate family from the update H30,
sons, daughters, nieces, nephews, cousins, it's mandatory they go in the service. That's what their job is, they're reserved us right now who had jobs that had to leave their jobs,
and anybody including it from the President of the Monde down, if the war is that essential, then their kids go first.
Sounds good to me!
And here's another thing, I was drafted in Vietnam, I went in the years that we had blind faith in our government, my father was drafted in World War II,
but my son's not going to this war, and if Bush gets re-elected, there's no doubt in my military mind that it's going to be a draft again,
and this is the most important election for you kids out there who are 19, 18 first time voters, you don't realize how important this is.
I'm going to have to say right now.
Voter again often pal, thanks.
I'll see some of you people at the border if Bush gets elected again, make no mistake about it, although next Monday is the National Election here, which is a nightmare.
I always thought that the politics here were really silly, and they usually are.
But this time the right-wing party, I'll free you with either the reform party and the alliance with the two right-wing parties, then they merged out of desperation because they've been getting their asking for a long time,
and then the Liberals had a fun, disappearing kind of scandal, and as a result, after Craig Chan left office and Paul Martin took over and hered the Liberal Party, and was the Prime Minister, then they've got all of these problems.
So the polls are like neck and neck, the conservatives have been ahead, and now it's like even Stephen, and there may be a minority government, but the Stephen Harper, who's kind of like George W. Bush with a better hairdo and younger, and a lot of the better speaker, he's like just another Nazi.
And Michael Moore was here a few days ago and said, please Canadians, don't make the same mistake we made in America, don't get sucked in by the far right, which I'm afraid is what they're going to do.
The fetus hugging homophobic right-wing crowd.
So we'll see. So maybe don't come to the board of yet, I'll let you know if the coast is clear. 5.670, maybe we'll see what I'm stood on on the dam rack, okay?
I wonder if that rats still running around in McDonald's. 5.670560 on the dam rat, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How's my buddy doing?
He's still doing it, my good close personal friend, only by default. WQAM, hello.
Hey, could you like Maxine Waters to your list?
She's got a big pair of Maxine Waters. I like her a lot, even though a lot of people all love those right-wingers. Oh, she's a communist.
Yeah, she's a little bit too far left wing for them, but you know what, too freaking bad.
I didn't hear them people complain about Newt Gingrich or Bob Barr, or any of those other right-wing maniacs or Jesse Hems or Strom Thurman or any of them.
Maxine Barr, you got it? We got it. Maxine Barr, she just married Bob Barr.
Oh, my God. Wow, wait till she wakes up in the morning. Maxine Waters, sorry. I apologize. 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line are topic today. Will there be a hockey season? Does anybody care?
Let's say we got the hockey drab on Saturday. Geldy's going to be talking to himself and the Randy the molar man.
At least you'll be on here anyway, Geldy, which is something I see him all the doing like spot duty from here on out. You know, once Joe comes back, even cutting spots?
No, I'm serious. I only see him like a little bit here a little bit there because once we get to the fall and he's supposedly working for the organization, then it'd be good excuse to like ship him off.
Although I got to be honest with you, even though I'm going to have like most of the summer off and only working Tuesday and Thursday.
If he and mole are reunited by force, you know what I mean? In other words, by coercion. Yeah, I would get up early. I get up at 5 o'clock to hear some of that because that has got to be some of the most testy's radio you have ever heard in your luck. Can you imagine it?
It ought to be cold.
WQAM Hello. Hello, Hola.
Mayor San Francisco. Well, do a Google thank you. Okay, do a little Google on that. Josh Google it. Mayor San Francisco.
He's Google is he Google in it? Yeah, we could play some Google music while Google it was one year over there on the computer, but make sure you keep your hand by that button because George is a little bit on edge.
Let's just some more that protest music there from the Michael Moore promo from her for night and I'm loving. You got it? Yeah, just.
Oh, you know what we didn't do this morning. Oh, wow, I feel so insufficient. What did we not do? I didn't have you feed me that that moat thing from yesterday. That promo. You know, I mean.
Absolutely. Oh, that's a must for tomorrow. Right tomorrow morning before the show.
Oh my God.
I'm going to be reading all that stuff and I'll do whatever the hell I want. How do you like that? And the grid read?
So you know what really I want to digress just momentarily. Maybe I'll save this because I want to go off on a rant. You know what pisses me off most? What's that? And I'm not just talking about me. I'm talking about because I don't hear the station that much because number one, I'm not in the sports and number two. I'm not there. So I'm not going to sit around here listening.
You know, but here has come down all these edicts. Okay, from the FCC and from corporate and all of this. This tremendous chill that we're operating under. Just like that last bit that I played. Now if I want to pat myself on the back, I almost kind of like because I auditioned ahead of time during the break to make sure what I was going to have to dump in there. I knew there was something.
A chick with a, you know, right. And I almost kind of like nodded off what I was going on. And you'll notice I just and then when the echo repeated, I still got one of those in there. I think I think that some of us have done one hell of a damn good job. If I do say that myself under impossible circumstances, if the audience were not putting on about this, I mean we can't say crap anymore.
And half of them do believe that we're just overreacted.
The art sounds words that we used the whole. I mean stuff that I've been sitting on here for 25 years, we can't say anymore.
But instead of that instead of saying, boy, these guys are really, you know, Greg read our leader is busy word about, oh, well, does the almost something we know you're a lunatic man. You have no appreciation for what goes on for what other people have done for you and made you into.
And I will every time it comes in, which is very rarely thank goodness when I'm near, but when he come, oh, great book. You know, I always say, oh, we couldn't have done it without you, Greg sarcastically as if he's going to get it.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, I could have done it without you and your brilliant leadership.
This guy wouldn't know where to stick a microphone because life depended on it.
We know how to turn on a Mike switch if you held it oozy to his head where that big bald spot is where he keeps picking at it.
You follow what I'm saying. Yes, I'm wrestling with a facts machine right now that why is that because you know, multi page 20 page stories coming across and everything, but somebody did send a link to where your movies are showing in Toronto.
And I sent you the link I typed it in it was, you know, I deleted that because I thought it was the one that you said you couldn't find it.
No, no, no, I sent you a new one just now.
Oh, I see the link is a million letters long. So I did find four places where they're showing it starting tomorrow, but my god, Mrs. Saga and
the places with me, places, places listed here like downtown.
I guess I don't know where these are somewhere somewhere like in the city.
I mean, it's a place like 30 miles away where famous players silver city, Yorkdale.
Oh, really? Yeah. Okay, excellent. Oh, thank you.
Thank you. God. Thank you, listener. I guarantee there won't be any theater is censoring it here. In fact, keep in mind that he had to come up here to do a bowling for Columbine and film it here because he couldn't film it anywhere in the USA because nobody would let him do it.
Nobody would like a fund it. Nobody. In fact, you remember in bowling for Columbine when he walked around the streets here in Toronto from from door to door.
I mean, granted it was staged, but nevertheless the point was well taken and people didn't lock their doors.
What a concept because they're not scared. They're not scared. Schmittless because you're afraid somebody of the next neighbor is going to kill him, which is one of the reasons that there's so much friendly or less uptight here is because they're like a little bit more civilized if you catch my grip.
I mean, we're getting there. We're starting to make a little move, a little catch up.
They thought it was kids. It's turned out to be the real thing. Joe Conison writes, so I have time before to break. I better not better do four minute break. Huh? Don't do it.
We're doing one hell of a job here for your Greg in the meantime. What are you doing? And then having muff call in the middle of our show, disrupting our lives.
Some piece of crap you are, man. You can't complain about the appreciation we get from him for the phenomenal job that we're doing under impossible circumstances.
And then just because we're working so hard to try to keep everything on an even keel, he's working favorously to see if he can't help us lose the license.
Oh, Jay Peeble is a great quarterback in a good joke. I like Jay Peeble. Well, not to mention he's got to extraordinary smooth the tops.
Oh, yeah. It's got to be terrible what you say here. Thank you more. Oh, no, wait a minute. I'll go. But I have nothing else to say.
How about this? I was the way the down there in the mirror, man. I'm right down the street from you. I have to go. Oh, wait. By the way, something. No, no, I have to go. I tell you what. I'll hold you over. Don't break house down there. I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to
get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you guys. For fun. Sorry. Sorry. trás I'm going to get you guys. Silly. orang c. These dogs. Not cá tor Mono. Baby.arl
Yeah, I look like someone of that.
That's because I'm a criminal, right?
What else does Phil, with wiggle veins?
Yeah, I'm a little blind, but I'm too much to see.
And I can't understand where he is.
I know how to bleed, with wiggle veins.
He is full, he is full, he is full.
He is full, he is full.
He is full, he is full.
1-03-560 WQM 92, I'll kill them all.
The Iraq attack is going on.
It's still six days before the deadline.
Before the big turnover handover, you take it, we don't want it.
The hot potato.
Oh, it's going to be great.
A wave of insurgent bombings and ambushes and key Iraqi cities killed 92 people already today.
And terror mastermind Abu Mussab Al-Zarqawi has emerged as a key suspect.
You know the guy that we thought was dead and then we thought he had one leg and then we thought he's
beheading all these people and whatever.
Violence rocked Baghdad, Falujah, Ramadi, Mosul and Bakubah.
The assaults came six days ahead of the scheduled handover.
Powerfully, U.S. like coalition to Iraqis.
About 285 people were wounded.
The attacks, cordu Iraqi police, nautical officials.
Hours after the near simultaneous strikes, the military wing of the Unification
I and the G-Hod.
The Unification and G-Hod, a group linked to Al-Zarqawi,
should have stayed on a website that claimed responsibility for attacking five police stations in Mosul.
Two locations in Bakubah, one in Ramadi, another in Baghdad.
And on a coast, it's going to be really, really ugly.
And then of course, and then it'll get worse.
We have no business being there in the first place,
unlike that New York Times, like that anonymous CIA guy said,
how come we're like doing all of this?
How come we're not finishing off Al-Qaeda?
Shut up.
What we're doing is falling.
I can't forget that ad.
I know it was in New York Times.
I think I might have even been in the hero of the Sunsendale.
But after 9-11, we were chasing after Osama Yamama.
And there he was pointing, Osama wants you to invade Iraq.
Osama wants you to then, and then he could push, got right into it.
Got sucked right into it.
Can I say that?
Kevin and four, a lot of the Al and that thing you emailed me,
Hotmail has blocked that potential.
Oh, that's a big mistake.
Why don't you just print it out and fax it to me?
It would be so much easier for me.
Huh?
I did print it out.
No, let email it out.
That's a win-to-win.
That's a fax it'll love you both.
Anyway, Kevin and four, a lot of the Al says,
Fahrenheit 4-11 is a four-11.
That's a water-down version.
Is opening tomorrow at the Gateway Theatre in Sunrise,
Federal Highway in Four, a lot of the Al.
But that's the one that we're talking about.
The Gateway, that's near Il Molino.
See.
Right next to it to it.
Sunrise, cinemas at Sunrise 2, that's Pine Island
at the Northwest 44th Street.
Pine Plans in Sunrise.
Also the Intercoastal Mall, Sunrise Cinema,
37-01 Northeast 163rd Street,
Sunni Alzbole Bar North Miami Beach.
And Sunrise Cinemas at Meizner Park in Boca,
301 Plaza Baya'an,
US-1 North and Palmetto Park Road.
And for more locations, you can go to SunriseCinemas.com.
And Marcus says,
oh, that's right, we already know that.
Marcus who goes there to see Game movies,
the Gateway in Four, a lot of the Alabish.
She says he got his tickets,
and the evening screening for tomorrow night is already sold out.
How do you like that?
Thanks Marcus.
Thank you, whoever else, Kevin.
56670560,
Pound 560 on EAT and T and Ferriso Wireless Line.
Rumors around the building, Joe Rose will be back Saturday
at the Amika Sookie.
In fact, the rumor I'm hearing is that depot is going to be doing
their cut in some deals in the back.
And cutting carts.
He'll be cutting something.
The cheese, maybe.
And then next week he'll probably be back.
That's what I'm hearing.
I think that he finally got a hold of Greg
and they had their held their meeting and then I was there.
And all of this crap, all of this stuff,
and very jackass tomorrow,
they just keep diddling you people around.
Thank goodness we don't do that in the show.
Just the sports shows.
That's another place where we kind of like draw the line.
We separate ourselves from our fine colleagues just a little bit.
Not that we don't want to be lumped in and lumped in
with a bunch of sport holes, but we don't.
Let's see, that thing just come over here.
There we go.
Thank you so much.
All over the place.
And I have it.
Excellent.
Set it to another way that probably will work.
This is out packing stand.
And great.
Well, I don't want to go off to Mrs. Saga,
but there's certainly some here that are within 100 miles.
That's a beautiful thing.
Thank you so much.
Joe Connison writes 9-11 panel becomes
Chinese nightmare.
With the pressions that often accompanies a
queasy conscience, vice president Dick Cheney
opposed an independent investigation of the 9-11 attacks
in the very beginning.
In the spring of 2002, Mr. Cheney sought to intimidate
Senator Tom Dashel,
then the Senate Majority Leader,
from undertaking or authorizing such an investigation.
Any probe of the events leading up to the catastrophe
might somehow damage the war on terrorism he warned.
The Bush administration lost that fight when Congress
authorized the creation of the 9-11 Commission,
officially known as the National Commission on Terrorist
Attacks on the United States.
And the president reluctantly found that legislation.
Reluctively.
Now we know what lead behind the vice president's
troubled premonitions.
The commission's activities have an hampered American action
against terrorism,
but adhering's and reports have brought considerable
discredit upon the Bush administration,
not only for the administration's handling of the
terror threat before 9-11, but most recently for White House
propagandizing about ledges links between Al Qaeda and Iraq.
During the past week, coinciding with the commission's final
public hearings, it's staff released a report that rejected the White House
claims of collaboration between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden
against the United States.
On that murky issue, the report's words are worth quoting in full.
A senior Iraqi intelligence officials are reportedly made
three trips to Sudan finally meeting bin Laden in 1994.
Bin Laden is said of requested space to establish training camps as well as
assistance in procuring weapons, but Iraq apparently never responded.
There have been reports that contacts between the Iraqi and Al Qaeda also occurred
after bin Laden returned to Afghanistan, but they do not appear to have
resulted in a collaborative relationship.
Two senior bin Laden associates have adamantly denied that any ties existed
between Al Qaeda and Iraq.
We have no credible evidence that Iraq and Al Qaeda cooperated on attacks against
the United States.
The White House propaganda campaign leading up to the invasion of Iraq was so
successful that polls once showed nearly 70 percent of the American
public believed that Iraq was somehow responsible for the 9-11 atrocities.
Along with Saddam's mythical nuclear arsenal and other weapons of mass
destruction, his alleged links to Al Qaeda provided the chief argument for
the Bush-Chainy war policy.
Although President Bush has since admitted there's no evidence that the
deposed dictator was behind the 9-11 attacks, he sent
to the Congress in 2002 indicating he knew otherwise.
He said I've also determined that the use of our imporces against Iraq is
consistent with taking necessary action against those nations who planned,
authorized, committed, or aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on 9-11.
In his mission accomplished speech aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln on May 1, 2003,
the president posted, we've removed an ally of Al Qaeda.
Since then, Mr. Cheney has also repeatedly condemned that Iraq directly
assisted Al Qaeda, although he hesitates to suggest that Saddam was behind 9-11.
He claims that Iraq assisted Osama bin Laden's criminal associates with bomb-making
and with training in the use of biological and chemical weapons.
So the commission staps latest findings and furated the vice president.
His echo in the New York Times, op-ed columnist William Sapphire, denounced them as the work of a
runaway staff. Mr. Sapphire forgot to mention now that the commission's executive director,
Philip Zellikow, is a Republican and a close associate of national security advisor,
Condoleezza Rice. Attending to rebut the offending report, Mr. Cheney told the interviewer that he
probably has more information about the relationship between Al Qaeda and Iraq than the commission does.
If so, he should be asked to present that information to the commission,
whose chairman Thomas Kane and Vice-Termin Lee Hamilton have tried to downplay their stark
differences with the White House. They have yet to answer the West President's
thoughts with a firm request for any additional proof he may possess about Iraq and Al Qaeda.
To fulfill the responsibility of the nation, Mr. Kane and Mr. Hamilton need to show
that they'll insist on the truth no matter how much embarrassment they may prove to the president
and the vice president, and since Mr. Cheney's taken upon himself the nasty task of
discrediting the commission, he may also be asked to answer some more questions about his own war
on terrorism. According to an knowledgeable source, the commission has not yet investigated the
White House counter-terror task force that the vice president was appointed a chair in the spring
of 2001. That task force repeatedly held no significant meetings and achieved nothing of
consequence during the six months leading up to September 11. Before the 9-11 commission
completes its work and issues its final report this summer, Mr. Cheney should be asked to explain
why despite all the warnings about Al Qaeda he did so little. That's all we want to know.
One simple question. Yeah, it should be easy. Shouldn't we know one?
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lime. We apologize the pull question today
isn't conducive to a lot of names being called in because let's face it, it's hard find
in balls. Can we even say balls? No. It's hard find in hats. We have the WQAM.com for auction though.
Although we got all kinds of balls for auction money. That's right. If you want to give money
to the beesleys then we can say balls and we can auction them off. One of the great scams,
like I said, Greg is fiddling while QAM is burning. There he is, plan to fiddle. In fact,
maybe that's why he sounds so much like Jack Benny, clearly.
Ever think about that? Ever seen that two together? No. No. Maybe he'll alone with Mary
Livingston. That would be a match made in heaven. What current American political figure has the
biggest pair of Cahones? Michael Moore 288. Big ones. Big gigantic humongous.
Janorino Willand Doud with 61. W's got 38. Howard Dean 34. Richard Clark 21. He's flying
that plane back right now. Ted Kennedy 19. Dennis Kusin is 12. Al Gore's got 10. Al Sharpton 8.
Russ Fine gold 8. Joe Biden 6. Jesse Jackson Ford. John Broes got one. What do you know? Good old
John Broes got one. He's the only one who voted against the, he's so called Indecency Bill in
the Cynthia today. Matthew Waters don't have any and Gavin Newsom. Who the hell's that?
Sir Mayor San Francisco. Oh, that's the Mayor San Francisco. I can't afford to do that. Not. Never heard of
him. My I did back in the day when they were showing that stuff. Gavin Newsom, the Mayor of San
Francisco, he has the big so far out of 510 vote. 13. A QNN. We find if the mad dog is back in town.
Is he still in Iceland? Is he still in the, no, limbo? We didn't find out. We did not find out.
Mount Terris is probably busy trying to get his story straight with Duff and Greg. They're probably
in another big meet. If you're sick and tired of your PC, be in a tank by browser pop up when
those being watched by spy wearing getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and co-workers,
the easiest way to deal with those bugs is to get you a Macintosh from Mac Center, the Apple
specialist in Fort Lauderdale. The Macintosh is built on an entirely different base than windows,
so all those PC pass just can't hurt the Mac. The technology experts at Mac Center can show you
that it's easy to change over to the Mac with thousands of programs available, including once
you already are used to like Microsoft Word and Excel. They'll even take your old computers
at trade-in. So make the change today by calling Mac Center at 9.5.4.486.5. You won't get a better
deal on your Mac or iPod anyplace else in town because Mac Center is the home of the 5%
rebate on every purchase. Come in before June 30th. That means you got almost a week to register
when the hard to find iPod Mini. That's the Mac Center on Commercial Boulevard, call them at 9.5.4.
486.5.500 and be sure and tell them that Neil sends you by for extra savings when you stop
into the Mac Center.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Congratulationsintroduct to Q&A. This is Well Wrapp Against Boys and Girls, Texas Republicans urge
to drop the phrase, Christian Nation.
zusammen
That's correct, okay? That's what we're up against.
If you want to know who the enemy is, I'll tell you right now, farbicinagoiam.
If you don't know what that means, look it up.
Ask Miriam Webster, okay?
Ask Ben Webster, Benny the Whip.
I'll ask Miriam Oliphon.
Ask Mark Webster in North Hill Downs.
The anti-deformation League, which fights anti-Semitism and religious discrimination,
said it was dismayed about the platform, plaque, and other language in the document that
describes as a myth the separation of church and state, which is enshrined by the U.S. Constitution
and court rulings.
America was founded on the belief that freedom of religion requires that the government
take no official stance on or participate in, religious activity or religion the group
said in letter to Tina Benkeiser, the chairwoman of the Texas Republican Party.
In addition to long established Jewish communities, Texas is home to a sizeable population
of Muslims, members of what experts say is one of the fastest-growing religions in America.
Benkeiser said in the statement Texans believe the party represents their beliefs and
values.
Our platform is an acknowledgement that most of our nation's founding fathers had a deep
faith in God, as he said.
The Republican Party of Texas affirms that the United States of America is a Christian
nation and the public acknowledgement of God is undeniable in our history reads the plaque
in the party's 2004 platform, which was recently adopted.
It is a Christian nation.
The first amendment of the U.S. Constitution says Congress shall make no law respecting
an establishment of religion or prohibiting for exercise.
The anti-deformation league said that Texas Republicans should modify the language in their
platform to reinforce principles that unite our diverse nation.
The group said that the party kept similar language in its platform in 2002.
Farbis and Agoyam, that's what we're talking about, and that's your president.
With his faith-based charity, all this other pandering, the Jerry Falwells, the Pat Robertsons,
the Jimmy Swagritz, the James Dobsons, all these other people who used to be on the lunatic
fringes, the Gary Bowers of this country.
Now they've got the keys to the Kingdom, baby.
They're running the rules.
That's all I can tell you.
Farbis and Agoyam, the hate mongers, and you wonder why the rest of the world hates
us like poison and is scared to be smitten with us?
Now they will fear you.
Oh, and speaking of that, you let me almost forget.
All that great homework I did yesterday.
Mr. Pantanjule.
Mr. Pantanjule.
We remember the Corleon family.
Did you serve on the Capo regime, Peter Clemenda, and the veto Corleon also known as the
Corleon?
I was in the olive oil business with his father, but that was a long time ago.
That's all.
We have a sworn appetator.
We have it.
Your sworn appetator that you murdered or the orders of Mike Corleon.
Do you deny that confession and you realize what will happen as a result of your denial?
So, yes, I got it.
It's not just me and Peter.
So, I made up a lot of stuff about Mike Corleon.
Who is that stupid thing, wanted?
He's very clever in his whole life.
Everything.
Can I get some Michael Corleon who did this?
And Michael Corleon did that?
So, I said, yes.
Yeah, sure.
I love it.
That's one of my very favorite scenes.
At any rate, Frankie Pintangely, don't worry Frankie, five angels, we'll take care of you.
Yeah, sure.
U.S. Warcraft's immunity bids fails.
The U.S. is giving up trying to win its soldiers immunity from prosecution at the new International Criminal Court for which we have nothing but contempt, by the way.
U.N. Secretary General Kofi Anand had warned the Security Council not to renew the measure, partly because of the Prisoner Abuse scandal at Abougar Reb.
Washington with your its resolution after became clear would not get the required support.
For the last two years, it had secured special status for U.S. troops arguing that could face malicious prosecutions.
The United States has decided not to proceed further with consideration in action on the draft of this time in order to avoid a prolonged and divisive debate so the U.S. Deputy Ambassador, the UN James Cunningham, were dropping action on this resolution.
I wonder if he's related to where she's cutting in.
You think?
Or Tom Bosley.
Tom Bosley.
I'm going to say it right. Tom Bosley.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line.
Don't forget Gellie's on a way out.
That's the MSF QAM.
I should reprint that so I should read it again right toward the end of the show.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, my nomination would be for Barney Frank.
Barney Frank's got a big pair.
And Honorable mentioned when Herb of Fenty called the Columpower to make in House Negro, I'd love that.
That was great.
Okay.
I'll pass the London and his daughter too.
And his lovely daughter.
Barney Frank.
And Henry Belafonte on their two.
Okay.
He's the old banana boat.
Maybe there's something under that boat.
Yeah.
Black tarantula.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line.
Isn't that amazing?
I've Dick Armi is now working with the ACLU.
That to me is one of the most astonishing things.
I guess we don't have that under Army doing.
Oh, we have it.
I like it.
Be patient quiet.
Man, I don't need to listen to Barney Frank, Rangin in my ear because I've made a few bucks off a book I worked on.
My name is Laura.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards are little flats, wings.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And that's on him, loving, retired.
Voice of bombers, the wrong way.
And oven barrows to be in America,
where they follow booze like sheep.
The United States of arrogance.
And by worship and its path of being,
we think of this country.
Family told us that our case is in our history.
I don't want to be a Pax America.
England, USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously,
is a Ford to be.
And oven barrows to be in America,
where we take triographically.
We have a flag in one hand,
with our head in the sand.
It lightly follows the powers that we have ascetic.
And I thought, I thought, I thought, I thought.
Watching Stateful News on a six-key five-inch screen.
Scratcher, be fired, everything's okay.
England, USA.
132 at 560, WQAM.
So anyway, if you missed the beginning of the show,
if you don't get the Harold,
if you don't get the Harold, congratulations.
But very jackass wrote a piece this morning.
It seemed to stimulate a quite a bit of a countertimes
around a building.
I guess Moe and the big talked about this at length this morning, right?
I'm sure you must have been listening.
Oh, hey, I remembered it.
What about Josh, did you hear any of it?
Why, you don't listen?
Come on.
You're one of our sports crowd, man.
Dave and Borin can speak to you if you're not listening
to a QAM sports.
Anyway, it was just a joke.
Joe Rose taken a week off, WQM,
Future Up in a Year.
Whoever made that headline makes it seem like the future of the station.
And of course, if we leave it in Greg's hand,
that might be accurate.
The future of the station might be up in a year.
He's turning that license into a piece of swish cheese,
if he don't cut the crap.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Well, more like...
What's that?
Yeah.
And the answer to Doug's question or Greg's question
on behalf of his pimped up,
who he had called me at 11 o'clock this morning
right in the middle of the show,
yes, I do know something.
Okay, I do know something.
And that is that I'm working for a lunatic.
That's what I do know.
A certifiably insane person.
That's what I know.
That goes without saying.
You are not alone, guy.
I know.
I know.
In the latest installment,
Perry writes,
and WQM's never ending soap opera.
A morning host, Joe Rose said Wednesday,
he's frustrated that General Manager Greg Reed
has not made time to meet with him.
Although, of course,
this is in this morning's paper,
but they met yesterday.
So either they met too late to beat the deadline.
Oh, I'm sure that the deadline at the age
of the year is like two or three in the morning,
but at any rate,
said that Greg Reed hasn't had made time to meet with him,
does know if he wants to return to the station.
Meantime, Reed said he hasn't decided
if Rose will be invited back.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
He hasn't decided if he'll be invited back
because whatever the reason,
you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Well, maybe he just said something new.
I'm trying to find something that I can play.
Oh, I know what it is.
You can kiss my rear end.
That's about the only one left.
Well, we can play that one.
We can also play Howard from Boca.
That's about it.
In fact, I wonder what the Joe Rose really thinks of Greg.
He is one good-looking guy.
Anyway, let's see what one's going to be playing.
Rose, the lead sportscaster at NBC6,
as it's called for some bizarre reason, Channel 6,
is taken this week off from WQM,
and says he's been working without a contract for eight months
since replacing the fired Scott Farrell.
He said he's been trying to meet with Reed
and get a situation clarified
and determine the direction of the station.
I think the direction of the station is south.
We're going south.
He also wants to know if he'll continue to work alone
on his eight to 10 AM.
Sure, be paired with somebody
anxious, such as Steve Geltie-Geldstein.
The GM doesn't have time to talk to me, Rose said.
Reed continues to mall what to do with his morning lineup
after smashing in little pieces.
He hasn't got a clue what to do.
He said he's still considering picking up
Howard Stern's syndicated show.
But that would leave the station vulnerable
to potential FCC fines.
Absolutely correct.
Erring Stern's show might also be poorly received
by Dolphins Vanagemo, who gives a crap about that too bad.
Oh, now they're getting like the Hercones
through the same crap with Donna Shalely
that didn't like that we got balls billboard,
remember that?
How we caved in on that crap?
I do.
That was it is Scraice.
Donna's, and as a matter of fact,
I'm surprised she's not on a poll today.
She's probably got a pair of balls.
Oh.
Because Goldstein, here comes the best part of
Barry's column this morning.
I wonder if he was even knowing
on his Salami sandwich when he wrote that.
Because Goldstein will be doing Panthers
radio play by play next season,
Reed said he's not sure whether he wants
to continue using him on a talk show.
No.
Mohauer, David and Goldstein,
paired on the 5-8-AM show,
are not expected to continue working together long term.
I do like that.
They're not expected to get...
And let's keep in mind,
it's coming from Greg.
See what I'm saying?
Now, assuming Joe comes back on Monday,
there are two chances that
Geldie is going to ensure with Joe Rose.
None and much, much, much, much less than her.
There's no chance.
Don't know what I'm on there.
Joe is doing great.
Joe Rose is our hero.
He's getting big numbers in their 8-10,
without putting the license on the line,
which is quite a novelty.
For us?
Lately, yeah.
Yeah.
But doing a little bit too well.
Joe, you did a little bit too well.
These last couple of trends now,
that book, and then this last,
doing a little bit too well.
I mean, who now wants 5 and 6's
in men there in 8-10 in the morning?
I think in this last trend,
even boost up the other one before.
Absolutely.
I'm talking about, I don't want to mention
Moh's name.
Don't want to get him as nosy or as hair out of joint.
So that's the latest concentrums of Q-Wayme,
and that's why everybody
sounds a little bit goofier than usual.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18,
T-Infer-Rise, and wireless line.
Look at the way those phones
had dropped off to a precious one.
W-Wayme, hello.
Like I said, do a precious none.
Well, that's okay,
because the poll I'm sure
is closed at this point, right?
And these people, I mean,
maybe they got some denim left,
but that's about all the material they got?
Nothing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18, T,
to buy Panther season tickets
or not to buy,
that's our topic today.
What?
Huh?
The only column to Panther games,
will you listen, will you laugh,
will you, what your pants?
W-W-Q-A-M, hello.
George Sitnopsy.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Say, what's that guy that goes,
he's an idiot. W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a guy, Charles Wrangle.
Charlie Wrangle, he's got a humongous pair
like watermelon, thank you.
Well, that was not a racial comment.
Charlie Wrangle, got it.
No W on that, by the way,
it's just with an R.
Yeah, George said Nazi.
I just said Nazi myself.
Yeah.
In fact, even our good friend Rick Shaw
saw us capy, he's got, he said,
it's alive, I am not, but Nazi.
See, he said Nazi too.
I could not see the humor in that.
Yeah, what a revelation, huh?
Well, I have to tell you that mouth breather.
I just, two by four wouldn't do justice.
No, put a nail in it.
Yeah, when a rusty nail on the end.
What are those things?
Just squashes head like a grapefruit.
Wouldn't that be beautiful?
Just watch everything.
I mean, I'll always be heading crap
that's going on right away.
Just watch, we wouldn't even waste time doing that.
Just watch it all splurk like into a,
oh god, I'd be heading to see that right now.
Even oozing mass, just kind of like,
squeezing that boil.
And by the way, it was a boil.
It's just 20 or 60.
You way up.
Audio selection from the Clinton memoirs.
Sex, sex, sex, sex, diplomacy, sex, sex,
Big Mac, sex, sex, sex, monoculture.
What was I thinking?
Sex, sex, sex, sex, Big Mac, sex, sex, sex,
International House of Pancakes.
Hmm, Hillary.
Whoa, how did that get in there?
The Clinton memoirs.
That bookstores this summer.
144 at 560 W. Kim.
Here's a little inside info.
I just got a facts from Clarence.
He just gives me one quote from that meeting
with Joe and Greg Estadio, Rose and Greg Reed.
Because Joe made it very clear.
He don't want Kelly on that show.
And Greg Estema, what the hell do we do with Gildey?
I doubt the bitch right now.
That was the quote.
How do you like that?
What was it?
I dumped the bitch right now.
Now do you have that mohawai david thing
because I feel so bad.
I feel we've neglected the audience,
but not playing that today.
It's in the audio vault somewhere.
I don't even know what it's called in here.
It's in there somewhere.
In other words, you're leaving it.
I think like floating around like in the etheric somewhere.
That's too valuable.
Hold them to put it in the DCSASAP
because you never know how long those kinds of things like that.
In the DCSASAP.
Right.
Elemental OOP.
BFD.
And I don't know if he did or not, not asking,
but he went to the bathroom or something.
And hasn't come back.
He went to the bathroom and hasn't come back.
What about 1230?
Something like that.
I see.
I'm under the last break.
He ran out of here.
And hasn't got to come in back.
Well, I'll be damned.
Why he must be learning from somebody else we know.
In fact, maybe he's on the floor.
You better take a look.
Let's know I watched him leave.
He's been there for his predecessor.
That the role of the woman float his eyes popping out of his head.
There he goes.
There he is.
Hey, Josh, where we have that?
Yeah, where did you go, Josh?
We finally had something to ask you.
You're out there and taking a liquid, Josh Beckett in the pubic tea room out there.
What were we asking him about that drop, about that line, about that?
Oh, yeah, about the MOHOWER, David, the drop in from yesterday.
Do we have it?
Is it handy or is it...
I stayed in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while.
I'm a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize.
Oh!
It's waydeal.
You are the truth.
Don't let me forget tomorrow morning.
We've got to get that big...
Oh!
You don't need him on air.
Get him off of there, Greg.
Get that big ol' guy.
He's okay, but the cinema has to sell guacamole on the street corner.
Maybe you can smear some guacamole on the sandwiches over there at the sub-center for Chuck, you know?
How's Chuck doing?
See him lately?
Good guy.
I saw him this morning.
How do you like that?
See, there's my psychic powers again.
When's the last time I mentioned Chuck?
Like, a month or so.
No, a lot.
I've been over in that several.
And you saw him this morning and I mentioned Chuck from the sub-center.
I could put that damn...
What's your name out of business?
Mickey Dan.
No, forget about Mickey Dan.
I'm talking about Miss Cleo.
Put her out of business and bowl grip in all those other surely tweeter and all those other fake psychics, man.
I really have psychic powers.
I don't know.
I don't have no Austin powers, but I have psychic powers.
Anyway, AOL employees charge in theft of screen names.
This is just...
This is one more reason not to have AOL.
As if you needed an extra reason.
Don't we all hate AOL like poison?
And of course we say that, but everybody out there's got AOL, which is why we get a limited number of parts that are pulled.
Can't sell that.
Why do they have it though?
They have kids or old people or women.
Well, I'm an old people and I don't have the way I will.
And by the way, if the Humper is less than, which I doubt because he's at the Seminole's Cut and Deals with D-Fo out there,
but if Hank is less than, when you get yourself a computer and stop being an old, funny, dirty...
I heard him, I guess, when I was down there.
And somebody was talking about, oh, well, we don't have...
No, I don't think so.
I think it was here.
I was monitoring briefly while I was tapping out some stories on the computer.
And somebody made some comment about, well, we don't have any computer internet here.
He said, oh, well, that makes two of us.
And he's still bragging about the fact that he's a computer illiterate and won't, you know,
sweat being an old fart and old funny, dirty, okay?
Humper, it's...
Once you get into it, man, I don't know how you can live without it.
Right.
Next, I don't hook him up.
There are nice people.
There you go.
There he is.
And one...
And like when you're going on vacations, I go to Europe before five times a year and you go to anywhere,
you go now, you've got all these internet cafes.
And you go in there and Joshua like that, you go and get a Dunkin' Donut and some coffee.
Yeah.
I passed on those donuts, boy.
I saw those and I just flew away from that crap.
And then you sit down and you get a little card that's got for how, you know,
or a little thing with a number on it, and you just tap that in there and it's by time, you know.
Our hour and a half, depending on how much sheckles you put in there.
I heard a lot of places in Amsterdam and like that.
As a matter of fact, yeah, right.
As a matter of fact, Matt Dogg was talking about that yesterday in Reykjavik, the same thing.
How he was online, reading the Herald and reading this and all this other crap.
All over the world.
So get with it, Humper.
Anyway, a 24-year-old software engineer at America Online Inc was arrested yesterday on federal charges
that he hacked into the company's computers to steal 92 million email addresses
that were later sold and used to bombard AOL members with spam.
Now, I notice lately I'm getting spam up the old rectum, which is not good for your voice, by the way.
But, and I don't have AOL.
Do you think it's just a coincidence?
No, it's a maintenance thing.
Like I have Yahoo and you have to stay on top of it, marking the things that you come in that are spam as spam.
And then you don't get that anymore.
I put all these pop-up ads that are...
And I have two. I have the Alexa and the hotpot, the pop-up blockers, and all of a sudden, lately, for whatever reason, they're still popping in there.
And don't go to the drag report because she's got the pop-ups up the old shoot, man.
There's one in the middle of the screen and one in the bottom right. You know what I'm talking about?
Right. Speaking of pop-ups.
Yes. Your shoes down there just popped up.
Well, that's good. We'll keep them there.
Your mall walkers. They look nice. I think they're nice.
They are nice. They're great.
Let me just do a little plug for Ryan. And thanks to my friends at Brandy's.
Thank you. And also to Berkeley, I guess, must have abroad him in.
Yes, she did.
Thanks, Berkeley. You're not as bad as we thought.
Or wear out your clothes.
I'll show up.
No, don't be messing with that bell-crow because each one, it's like everything else. It's like your heart. It can only beat so many times.
And you know that?
Oh, no. You bastard you. Shoot him, Josh.
But since I knew I wasn't coming back there for a while, I went online, ordered me a pair of new balance shoes with a bell-crow, the walk-and-shoes.
And if you know your size and then you can go online, it's just amazing. Now it's like with Brandy's. You can go to that brandy-shoes.com and you can order any of that stuff right online.
And so I went to New Balance Canada online and ordered some of our ship here. I had them in two days.
Two days.
And they are sensational, fabulous.
I think the day is coming if this bush don't blow off the whole world first.
The day is coming when we're going to be doing a whole lot of our things online. You know what?
Yeah, right.
I mean, I'm fortunate because this town has got 80's in bookstores so if you want to go out and get the latest Clinton book or whatever book you want to buy, you don't have to worry about waiting a day or two.
But if it's a book that's hard to find, you go on Amazon.com and bingo. It's in your mailbox and a dare to Jason.
Smasters who worked at the company. This is a well-dulles headquarters is accused of illegally obtaining the email addresses of nearly all the internet providers, customers in May 2003.
Bastard. Smasters allegedly sold the names for a hundred grand to Sean Dunnoway 21 who ran an internet gambling business in Las Vegas prosecutor said.
Bastard.
Dunnoway then sold the list to unidentified spammers, bastards who used it earlier this year to send millions of emails peddling herbal, penile enhancement products, a coin of criminal complaint filed in federal court and Southern District, which comes back to the thing I was starting to ask yesterday interrupted myself.
It was a penis interruptus.
Remember I was talking about sea Alice and Viagra.
How is it possible in this country? There are so many guys with limp penises.
I was wimpin' around. Oh, that's easy. What's the answer? Have you seen the woman? Oh, that must be it. Greg says hi. Just pop the sentence and say hi.
Hey, Greg, go away, Greg. Okay, don't let us interfere with your busy. I know you got a heavy agenda. We got to get Howard Stern out. We got to get the man cow on there as well.
Let's see who else is. We got to get Pharrell back on here. Let's get Pharrell. I think we're going to get him as a sidekick on issue.
Yeah, making every obscene comment. Everything is going great, Greg. Everything is fine. We love you, especially the more you stay away, the more we love you.
Okay, the less we see you, the more we love you. How do you like that?
Line and local. Here's sports radio 560s. You a-you a-m.
And another thing. You're the loser of a-you would have been a big star by now.
You're a little bit sweet voice. And you expect to get anywhere a little puny too. We'll save you.
I don't want this to start with my life. I have to come on.
The more I hear you. Yeah, what about you? The more I hate you.
What do I hate you? And when I hear you. I want to die.
You're a pack of ring. Oh, don't know. Cheese a roll.
I'm gonna be in a coma. And point my mind.
Why you why you're gonna smack you? I know my smell attract you.
But unlike you. You still got your job. I feel just like that you are my dear brother.
And when you need to another. That's why you're still not fired.
And I'm gonna go and go and go. I'm gonna go and go and go.
And I'm gonna go and go and go and go and go.
I'm on a show and I'm on a show. And I'm on a show. And I'm on a show.
That's absolutely amazing. It's so fun.
Alright, that's enough.
One more. Come on. Thank you.
Okay, here's the end result of this poll today. Not a good poll.
I apologize for that. And you notice we're not getting a lot of polls suggested.
Any more no factors? Yeah. That's fair.
All the good ones are on there. We need a lot of polls suggested.
Of course, I'm not gonna be doing that many shows. So like I said, George needs.
But hey, you should have all kinds of polls.
What current American political figure has the biggest pair of Cahoney's?
Who's got the big balls, baby? Michael Moore, 331.
It is movie of being a theater near you tomorrow.
Unless it's a movie comm because what is it movie comm? Movie co.
Movie whatever it is. Movie con. Screw them.
Michael Moore, 331. Janorino got a big pair of 71.
George W. Bush, 58. Howard Dean, 42. Richard Clark, 28.
Ted Kennedy, 21. Teeter Kennedy didn't make it.
Al Gore, 15. Dennis Kocinets, 14. Al Sharpton has got a dozen.
And everybody else single digits. Russ fine, cool.
He'll buy it in the six. He's buying this time.
And Jesse Jackson got five. He's alive and he's got five.
We don't hear too much about him anymore. No wonder we're in a good mood, you know.
Well, maybe he's gonna go free some hostages.
Now let's see, when's the first showing of Fair and High 9, 11 of March?
Do you know? I don't want to start pushing my luck.
We have a time, the places that are showing it show it like it's part of the regular schedule.
If it's a weekday.
But like how to noon something like that, they're about to write.
So I guess by Monday we should have calls up the old nose, right?
Right. People will see it.
Mad Dog is coming up nice and find a way. Greg Josh didn't pass this along, but I have my own spies.
When he peaked his nose in the studio, he had very was on his shoulder.
Bye, bye, bye.
Thank you for watching.
Show on 516.com in QAN.
Miami for a long day.
