The first in Florida with an HD radio...
Geldies had size just increased by 3 out here.
Wow!
My L.E. Ford Lutter Day on.
Just calm down, though, Geldie.
Congratulations, best of luck to you, but calm down.
Wow!
For a...
To remind her for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4.30pm.
And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day, and for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended.
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30pm. Mark it down.
Tonight we are a country awakened to danger and called to defend freedom.
Call to defend freedom.
Then we'll now find it down.
Aggressive conduct, ultimately leads to war.
This nation is opposed to war.
Does anybody want to think it is?
Why is it the birth?
You're okay, Geldie.
Geldie, Geldie.
Why is the stars glow above the sky?
Don't let it know it's the end of the world.
Well, my God.
It's the end of the world.
See me, I'm afraid.
Hello, I'm Mr. Reath.
I don't do my job as well when I'm constantly dead.
Why is it my heart?
Go on thinking.
Maybe this sad big brown moon, how does that mess you baby up?
Leg eating the roof and sandwich without crowd.
Don't stop now baby let it all hang out.
The power of grace, you've built you.
The power of grace, you've built you.
Get it all hang out.
Get it off.
Let it all hang out.
It puts no notion in the basket.
Let it all hang out.
Everything is fine, hung my bolts.
10.03.05.60 WQM.
Who don't like a nice roof and sandwich?
Unless, of course, it's got too much of that Russian dressing on it.
Right, I like it dressing less.
Right, but the crowd.
Because who now likes soggy bread, right?
Right.
Anyways, big of a soggy Geldie man, his pants must be soggy by now.
He is just on the ego trip, the length of which we have seldom heard.
You know, man, just pat himself on the back with both hands.
Get the chiropractor out, okay?
So Mike Russo and the ass end of his column today, which is all about Jacques Martin,
the fired, audible coach, maybe come into the panthers, but it looks from what I'm hearing.
It looks more like Phoenix, okay?
But nevertheless, if you work real cheap, which I doubt, real, real cheap,
maybe the panthers will pick him up, but they will not announce any moment now.
The panthers, according to Mike Russo, who lost a lot of weight, right, beast?
You could take a little message, a little lesson from him.
He lost a ton of his vital.
Yeah, he's your idol.
Yeah.
Wow.
He was huge and now he's not.
Yeah, and I understand he did it without any stomach stapling.
The Josh Friedman method he did with all I would just did it on his own.
And what I'm hearing, the rumor is that the reason he lost so much weight
is that Rimmer was buying all of his meals for him.
For the last couple months.
That's the rumor day.
That'll always do it.
Did I get on that?
Yeah, you get on the rumor day.
Yeah, he'll be healed by all your meals, and which you'll be pretty hungry most of the time,
but nevertheless, wait until this pour off your ass.
Mike Russo writes that panthers are expected named WQM's Steve Geldig-Geldstein,
the radio play by Play Broadcast today.
He replaces old Jigs MacDonald, who retired.
He retired.
And not a moment too soon, like I said.
Funny, dirty old.
I mean, Jigs is okay.
And then playing that little promo there at the end of the show this morning,
of him doing a little play by playing Call of the Gold Out was shocking, wasn't it?
I mean, talk about self-aggrandizement.
Don't you think?
I was at the top.
He didn't play that.
Robert played that.
And, well, regardless, Robert played it.
What else Robert's still doing there?
I thought by now he'd be fired at it or something.
But that's he's still doing there.
God, the longest retirement in the history of the human race.
We got some good news for today, boys and girls.
Great news, although the one bad piece of news.
And you know I can't even find a story anywhere.
There was a Marine Kildee.
The US Marine Kildee in Iraq yesterday.
But now the deaths are so commonplace that it's, you know, we don't like that bad news.
So I can't find it anywhere.
Yeah.
Well, I try to like put that on every day, so we don't just assume and just overlook all of these things.
But we do have some good news.
Marlins today, baby.
Free game show at 1230.
Diamondbacks at the Marlins 105.
Better good over there and support your Marlins.
Now what do they do?
They won two out of three so far in this series.
Yeah.
They won the first two.
They kicked their ass 11 to two on Saturday.
But lost three to yesterday to Randy Johnson.
Don Trill.
Three to two in the papers made it sound like, oh, it just wasn't the same Don Trill.
What does that mean?
Three to two doesn't exactly sound like a bushwhacking.
And of course, the lightning beat Philadelphia.
Oh, all right.
You know what?
On Saturday to win at series.
It's going to be Calgary and Tampa Bay ABC's worst nightmare is coming true.
Tampa Bay and Calgary, holy moly.
How many people in the US going to be watching that?
About 30, man.
It's going to be weak.
Maybe Geldie can do the game.
Oh, practice for a season that may never come.
I told him this morning, I said, you may be the first guy ever hired for a job that never gets actually do it.
Wouldn't that be something if they canceled the season next year because of a lockout?
And then they like trimmed down the league and at Florida, the panties would be one of the teams that get smoked.
Wouldn't that be bad?
To who?
To the people who care, which I realized there aren't many, but the...
Fuck, third man!
And Geldie would care a lot.
And so would Rimmer and a lot of your good friends.
Oh, he's on our names any yet.
Yeah.
Oh, now you picking on Geldie, that was for never.
No, it never shot.
I love him dearly.
Now what did he do to you?
Nothing. We just haven't hung out yet.
Why not?
Hasn't invited me to anything good yet.
I understand that if he does hang out, it's kind of scary, but that's the rumor out there.
That's what I'm supposed to say this morning.
Boy, you talk about a dead man in a suit.
That picture he showed him in OP from OP in Anthony?
No, seriously, that was scary to me.
He is OP's dad.
I think they just propped him up and he really is a dead man in a chair.
I was going to say in a suit in a cowboy outfit with a big tech outfit.
Maybe hello, Geldie is 10 gallon head.
Why are these people calling now?
We only have a two and a half hour show and there are people calling.
And I was really playing on taking any call.
Do you call them?
QA in, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
No, I mean to start off from Monday with a depressing note.
But as I was watching the editorial with Michael Hutt in the last night,
or yesterday, I'm sorry, gentlemen, from the IA, the Energy Commission or whatever you want to call it,
was predicting within the next 12 to 18 months that regular gasoline would be from $4 to $5 a gallon.
Thank you very much for the little gas price.
Here is the present order.
Right.
It's outboarded and I drive an SUV so I'm thinking of getting it.
Oh my God.
Wow.
I'm thinking of getting it.
It's costing me $70 a full with tech now.
So you can imagine that $4 or $5 a gallon.
But every time you do it, just stop and think about those Saudi shakes and about how happy you're making them.
Every time you do it, it'll press the following of your face.
All right, Neil.
Thanks for the bad news.
Thank you.
How do you like that?
So it's important that we took that call.
How much is it going to be a gallon?
30 bucks a gallon.
That's going to be in the summertime.
Of course, you notice they just happen to be gouging the crap out of you.
Now that the summer months are coming and people going on vacation, the heavy duty peak driving time,
probably what it gets to be about the 4th of July, it'll be about $80 a gallon.
But compared to all this crap about one inflation, adjusted for inflation, nobody cares about that.
Nobody cares.
They don't want statistics.
They don't want to pay a $5 a gallon of gas or $3 either.
They don't want to get raked at it, okay?
Because this crowd don't take that gang rape.
Absolutely.
It's funny.
Not this crowd, not America.
Our poll questioned on a Friday about 1900 votes, so I guess even though they didn't like the poll, it was okay.
Who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity?
You know who we left off of this?
All the crap you can unwrap.
Yeah, all of he ain't no celebrity.
He's just a doddering old fool.
Michael Jackson, 800 and 70.
Nobody came close to touchin' Michael and then again, who the hell would want to?
Mike Tyson, 178.
And after that small potatoes.
Ozzy Osborne 94, Denise Rodman, 88, Denise Poppand didn't get any.
Andy Kaufman, 73, Courtney Love, 63.
Gellie's doin' the Panther game.
Oh, Jay Simpson, 60.
Gary Bucy, 56, as in Q56, Judy Garland, 36.
Who is he, is he right now?
Yeah, dead.
Somewhere.
Over the rain.
Right.
Howard Hughes 35, Chuck Heston 32.
Ted Nugent.
But third man, Scott Ferell 29.
For Ferell with a big tiny mouth.
As much trouble as he was on the air, the word that I'm here is that he was about a thousand times more trouble off the air, which we can't tell you about.
That's the story, the insights, yeah, for real.
That's why he ain't here no more.
And ain't comin' back.
Jonathan Winters 26, Robin Williams 23, Bobby Knight 23, Joe Conorio 23.
What a trifecta.
Robin Williams, Bobby Knight, Joe Conorio.
And Hays 22, Sevilleus 19, John Baluchie 18, Ann McCullsmith 18, Keith Moonin, Lysman L17.
Xavier Suarez 11, he's knocking on the door right now in his bathroom.
Margot Kitter 7, Bobby Brown 5, Liz Taylor 5, Richard Friar 5, Tommy Lee 5,
when owner Ryder's got four, Whitney Houston 2, and Jerry Lee Lewis only won.
That's probably a generational thing.
You think I'm sure?
Because anybody that mirrors his five-year-old cousin or whatever she was and hangs out in the bathtub a lot.
There's something maybe not good.
Yeah, but she's probably like 50 now.
So it's okay.
Had a spy report from the beast on a new Lexington Terri show on Zeta.
The rumors that we're hearing is that the show sucks.
It's basically Redneck Advice, trailer trash advice from a couple of Yahoo's in Jacksonville is what I'm hearing.
Could be true.
That's the only correction.
Lexington Terri.
Our problems are over.
And of course, Old Paul and Ancient Ron over there on Big 106 now.
They're really kicking ass.
They're own, of course.
That's what I heard a couple of minutes of them when I was in town.
It was brutal.
In fact, I'm driving to the track Friday night to Pomato Park.
And I can't even begin to tell you how grotesque Radio is in sub-I guess I don't have to tell you, right?
No, no, seriously.
What is that all about?
Well, yeah, I mean, first of all, you know, nobody told us on Friday morning, by the way,
I'd like to point out clearance.
Nobody told us that the Humper wasn't going to be on.
So I'm promoting Hank Goldberg at four.
And what do we get?
We get a bait in the switch.
Oh my God.
So I'm on the way to the track on airs of Gackie's voice.
And I start nodding off and sliding off the road.
So immediately with my last gas before I got myself killed, punched the button.
And of course, there ain't nothing to listen to.
I'm not going to listen to Todd Schmidt, who was nothing but a large ass light, junior.
And there was not the AM band is gone.
It's history.
No spiketing glace IE.
So I punch over to FM.
Man, was that a mistake or what?
Why?
No, seriously.
It's bad.
As bad as it used to be.
It's a thousand times worse right now.
There's nothing.
You can't complain about radio and self-photo because generally speaking, there isn't any.
So kiss your radio right now that you still got us.
It may not be much, but you still got us.
Give it a big kiss right now.
And the radio too.
Right.
Boy, just grotesque horrible stuff.
What they have brought.
1013 at 560 W2M.
Don't forget we have the ball game.
The Marlins host of the Diamondbacks.
Get out there.
Let's have a crowd or something.
Bo is that Shula steak two and I mean lakes from 4 to 7.
The bullmeister.
Then you got Turquan hotline at 7.
Are you going to be on that thing?
Yeah.
Oh, and then the beast 8 to 10.
So he's got quite a beast isn't for the big.
That 8.
So he's quite a superstar today.
It's all beast all day.
If your radio seems to be getting a little bit heavier.
Any K at 10 and after that it's whatever.
All this week we got Howard, we got Moe and the big Moe and the big Oh from 5 to 8
and then Gildi for Joe Rose's on vacation 8 to 10.
We forgot to say something.
What's that?
Two who the beast?
Yeah.
It's your birthday?
Well yesterday.
Well let's bring in a big cake.
Okay, let's watch him go out right on the air.
We got crispy cream doughnuts.
He's already had eight.
All right.
Excellent.
There you go.
Happy birthday to the beast and it's been nice knowing him.
You know, voom is speaking of crappy stuff.
Vom is not just regular ordinary crappy TV, but it's high definition TV delivered by a satellite
Dishon HD receiver.
The picture is so superior regular TV.
It's like comparing your latest DVD to a scratchy old Edison flick.
Vom is the only entertainment system designed for our definition TV.
Oh, by the way, Edison was a virulent anti-semit.
Did you know that?
Yes I did.
Oh, I didn't know that till last night.
I'm not a biographer.
I told you.
Vom is the only entertainment system designed for our definition TV.
It's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the
ultimate HD TV experience, including satellite dish HD receiver and the remote.
Vom has got over 30 channels.
Got 30 men.
From HD programming you can watch ESPN and high definition too.
That's three times more channels than you get from cable and they've got all your other
favorite channels, two like HBO and TV, even your local Yoko channels, even the Rikisanger show.
Vom's got over 120 channels, a great entertainment.
Vom even has exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you can't even get from your cable and satellite company.
So with Vom, you got all the crappy vibe now plus all these awesome high definition channels as well.
Call Vom today at 1-866-848-8666 or visit Vom.com for a limited time offer that includes free installation, no upfront cost and no long term commitment.
That's 1-866-848-8666 or Vom.com to start Vom being today.
But you better do it this way because the offer ends May 31.
Live and local.
Here's sports video 560, she went QAM.
Feel Roger's got.
Let's up you some more prisoners.
All right.
Then scream nice loud.
Get me some wires and a fat creep pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to use.
You choose to the torture.
Cause we're just playing their game in the past.
It had to be worse with Saddam who's saying.
10-18 at 560, Gelly, the voice of the Panthers man.
That's pretty exciting news in it.
Yeah, okay.
Well, see you don't care because you don't care about the Panthers.
If you're more of a team player, you'd say, yes, one of our own people, man,
who is maybe that bad of a guy and even that squeaky voice.
He's, you know, making some progress.
Good for him.
There you go.
So you don't sound really sincere but nevertheless.
Betty Page.
He's our behind the velvet rope behind the beaten curtain today.
Betty Page.
He's 110 years old or close to it.
Betty was born on April 22nd April, like I said, 1923 in Nashville.
Her father, you know what her father's name was?
Roy!
Was an auto mechanic.
Her mother, Edna, was part Cherokee.
Doesn't say which part.
Her parents divorced in 1933.
She's 10 years old.
Betty and her two sisters have sent to an orphanage in Nashville for a year.
She attended Humphog High School, makes straight-ades, participates in the debate club,
and school plays.
And it's the school newspaper in yearbook, rarely dates.
Uh-oh.
You know what it means when it says, rarely dates?
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
But in this case, I don't think so.
Graduates in 1940 because that she was crushed of barely miss being named valedictorian by a quarter of a point
and loses the chance for a four-year scholarship at Vanderbilt.
Enrolled in the Peabody College for Teachers in Nashville and a daughters of the American Revolution Scholarship.
She's graduated with a BA in 1944.
Mary's Billy Neill sometime in late 1941.
He's immediately inducted in the Armed Forces.
But he moves to San Francisco with his sister and earns a screen test with 20th Century Fox and 45,
which does not go well.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Does not go well.
She finds work as a secretary and occasionally models for a fur company.
Works as a secretary in Haiti for six months in 1947.
Upon a return to the state, it obtains a divorce from her husband.
Most in the work, works as a secretary.
This is just goes on and on.
Meets Jerry Tibz, a policeman and part-time photographer on the beach at Coney Island in the summer 1950.
He suggests that she combed her bangs down in front to compensate for her high forehead and the Betty Page look is boring.
Oh my god.
I like that.
I bet you didn't know that.
No, I didn't.
Not that we care, but there you go.
That's where the Betty Page look came from.
Something with bangs.
Begins working full-time as a pin-up model meets Irvin Klaw in 1951.
You mess with the Falcon.
You get the Klaw.
Photographs are in various states of bondage.
Betty begins to attain some renown as the Queen of bondage.
I didn't know that.
Did you?
Yeah, I did.
At the time, I was a lot more photo session to be sold on a lucrative subscription basis.
The customer's often made specific request as to the scenes and layouts.
Betty has said it will find many of these quite amusing.
Appears as a performer and strip a ram of burlesque film starring Lily St. Seer, the famous Vegas showgirl in 1953.
Varieties and T-Zerama 54.55 soon follow.
With Klaw producing, she makes at least 50 series of infamous 100-foot short stag films.
Much of this work can be seen in the video uncovered.
Around this time, Howard Hughes contacted Klaw about meeting Betty and bringing her under his ages, but she declined the offer.
She didn't like the way his ages looked.
In 1954, she meets Bonnie Yeager in Florida.
Their session together generates some of the most famous Betty Page photos.
Some of these were sent to Hugh Hefner who meets Betty, who played with her for the month of January 55.
Amazingly Betty is pretty much sure to 32 years of age at this point.
There's a naked picture of her.
She was gross.
When?
She had big hooters.
In this picture, man.
Oh, brother, grout.
It looks like a guy.
It looks like one of those pictures at the carnival.
At the circus.
Where you have the head on somebody else's body.
Right, the little cutout thing.
Irving Klaw is arrested for conspiracy to distribute a scene material through the S-Mail 63.
Betty's called the test to find a private session.
She's reported to have said the Klaw was absolutely innocent of charges.
That's what it says here.
The Klaw.
Around this time, a pornographer said it would place Betty's head on another woman's body.
See?
Oh, that's the deal.
Greatly disturbed by this Betty spends much of her savings buying up the photos, burned out of the modeling business.
She retires in leaves New York.
She decided it was time to retire.
Mary's Arnold Walderson in 58 lives in Key West.
The union doesn't work out.
On 31st December 59, she's got a religious experience.
It's born again that it cates herself to Christianity.
How do you like that?
Over the next few years, she works for various Christian organizations.
Then returns to Nashville in 63.
She briefly remarried Billy Neoprap to help her gain entrance into missionary work.
But this marriage is also a failure.
Irving Klaw dies in 66.
Betty moves to Florida in 67.
Mary's hairy lear and divorces him in 72.
Boy, she's your God around.
Lives in LA with her brother is the Betty Page cult builds through the 80s.
In the 1993 interview via phone, she told her reporter from the Lifestyle's in Rich and Famous.
She had no knowledge of any of this, telling him that she was penniless and infamous.
Recently, she's hired a law firm to help her recoup some of the profits being made with her likeness.
It's been estimated that over 20,000 photos of Betty have been taken.
There's one.
If you're over the age of 100 and have ID to prove it on our behind a scene is behind a velvet roll.
Whatever it is.
Now, the examiner reports.
This is all glitzy.
Showbiz crap before we get to the important stuff.
And I got a lot of it.
So between now, we only got till 1230.
We'll all do apologies to the beast who don't want to hear all these bedtime stories.
Oh, he don't really care.
He just eating.
They're cool.
No, they're not.
Not in your opinion.
Of course, Miguel's probably wondering.
Oh, Miguel shaved his face today.
I just want the audience to know that.
Who are keeping track.
Yes.
So you can see how extra fat it is now.
Really? Is he getting fat?
That's because he's married.
And has a baby.
He's got married.
His wife is like, you know, she got the one kid or two.
One.
They just had the one.
So far.
Right.
That we know of.
Right.
But you know how that goes, George?
Yeah.
I do.
One that we know of.
And there may be another one brewing somewhere.
Let me tell you about it.
Carrie Grant Randolph Scott speaking to making babies had a gay marriage, says the examiner.
Talk about a charade.
It says legendary movie.
Heartthrob.
Carrie Grant may have had five wives.
But his real soulmate was fellow actor Randolph Scott, his secret spouse.
Oh, my God.
That's the blockbuster revelation in a new documentary movie about the Devonare Star
called Carrie Grant a breed apart.
Maybe they were breeding.
Producers of the film, which they viewed at the recent Cannes Film Festival, say they
have a menu signed by Scott on which he calls Grant my spouse.
And at the much, you may be rashly a warm and doding couple.
Oh.
Got a picture here.
They're sitting on a pool on the water on a diving board in the pool.
Interpreting suits.
And Randolph Scott, his hands on Carrie's back.
Well, maybe he's just putting on the lotion on his.
Right.
Grant and Scott, who were known, was known for his westerns appeared together in 1932,
Flick Hot Saturday, and became roommate soon after.
The handsome pair later posed half naked together for beefcake photos.
According to the documentary, though, both men would marry.
They remained lifelong lovers.
Yeah.
Right.
What?
That word.
You should have seen the motion that George is just putting on.
Well, why is that?
You've got the beast in there.
He and Clarence are lovers.
What's wrong with that?
In fact, as his birthday, Clarence took him to Massachusetts to Boston as we get, and they
tied the knot.
We went to P-town.
By the way, speaking of knots, you ever see a Donuts and Sutsculemen together?
Same person.
Biographer Rob Mosley tells how in the 70s, the two by then old and white herred, were seen
holding hands late one night in the restaurant of a Hollywood hotel.
Isn't that lovely?
No.
The movie claims Grant's gate tendencies were fueled by his tragic childhood.
As a young boy, the British porn star's father lied to him about having his mother committed
to an asylum, and he didn't see her or learn the truth for nearly 20 years.
Grant, whose many movies include North by Northwest, charade and a fair to remember, had
one child, Jennifer Nau 38, with his fourth wife, actress Diane Cannon, a relation to Frank
Cannon.
Scott had two children with a second wife, but the actors were so close and seemed they
could not live without each other.
Grant died in 1986 at age of 82.
Scott passed away just three months later at the age of 89.
I wouldn't be surprised if they were buried side by each, just like a Groover and Clyde
Poulson.
Wasn't that his name?
That was his name?
They were buried side by each.
Did you know that?
What over in that tweet?
In fact, maybe underground.
Maybe when the earth shakes under Kierlocking's feet, maybe that's what's going on there.
Maybe there's a little something happened underground.
26 past 10 at 560 WQM here on the Marlins pre-game show.
If you're still a little bit hesitant to buy a bit over the phone, I can't imagine why,
because for over 25 years, millions of people have died of 1-800-MATTRES for the lowest
prices on the best brands in betting.
You can't beat it.
It's the easiest possible way to buy name brand mattress at an unbeatable price too.
There's absolutely no risk because if it's not perfect in every single way, just call
a back for a full comfort exchange.
No problem.
It's completely free within 30 days.
No extra fees, no strings attached.
The Alamactrus has ranked numeral, uno in customer satisfaction, and were winners
of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourch of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-MATTRES, you get the best prices on the best brands with livery
on your schedule, and the best customer service in the business.
Why would you waste any of your time schlepping from showroom to showroom unless you're
some kind of a moron?
The Alamactrus has the complete line of sale.
Really, certain king coircements, temperpete against stirons and foster hewitt.
From Kendall Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, the Alamactrus can deliver the finest betting
around.
But you need to do what I've been doing for years, along with just about anybody else
of QAM.
Make that one easy call.
That's all you have to do.
1-800-MATTRES, or log on to their website, macrus.com.
seatzsasy.com
That's you
Uh,
Lenn Sprout
Ann Arsоров starts speaking
Malone Porno,ra man
Dog at otherays on the
り
You remain the portion, I do sing I do breath
With the better way to raise and torture instead
I'm carrying Iraq because we hate them
For something that we know they did not do
Push up my Red Nutsy occupation
Absolutely
Now we're all screwed
And as the stop is being, let's be free to breathe
And I elect your five-part one to their fate
And those they get amazed, that's living a pile
There's a code at moment to say Jesus
Now, all we see in all that's great as far as hers
In rest they know a tragedy of more time
Push, push, push, like we're first
You only spot each other
Push, push, we need to call the force
Turn it into HD, LA's that will die
That's when hurt like rock'er on a Saturday night
I'll be right back
Ever see Janice Carpetsky and Janine Rino together?
Hey now, same person, one doesn't shake as much
1033, as much one
1033 at 560 WQAM
Happy Monday to you, man, are we happier or what?
Yeah, but you got Marlon's baseball at 1230 with a pregame, what?
I'm happy, and you forgot all about it
Yeah, I did, so I remind you this morning, see I'm not the...
It's a matter of fact, I went online last night
Because I really wasn't aware of myself which days
I knew we had a couple of days this week and one next week
But we got a Marlon game early, like next Wednesday
I don't want to get ahead of myself
This week, Monday and Thursday we got Marlon baseball
In fact, Thursday, the pregame show was at noon
I don't know what the air horrors are
There are some people like the beast for example, he wants to be a...
Who was it that told us that last year?
They said one thing about the beast, whatever show he's on, he wants to dominate
He wants to be on there all day long
And what's wrong with that I'd like to know?
And he's on here today with us because Josh McCordis is going to go over
and hold Dave Vavand-Borings' hand during the Marlon game, he's got to do that
And then the beast is on Hurricane Hotline at 7
And then he's in for the big, from 8 to 10
So it's like almost all beast radio
He's baked in the end
Well, when I'm on and Moe is on and Boe is on, it is pretty much all beast radio when he comes right down to it
Although we don't want to pick on Kim Bo-Kamper
Because he'll step right on your ass
Yes, I was at Cardio coming up
Oh, it's great, everything
You take care of it? Give me back to 4.50?
No, no, no
Which of these here's our pool today?
I'll let me give you a little brief background on why I'm taking this pool
Because we've done a religious pool many times
Oh, well I was on a plane, by the way, thanks to my good friends in Air Canada
You guys are the best, please don't go out of business
So last week's Newsweek, May 24th, which is today, but it's really last week's Newsweek
Because the new one comes out today, it's got Ahmed Chalabi, that extortor, criminal slimeball liar, traitor spy
All of these things, they got him on a cover
How much for this one?
This one has got a picture of on the front, Tim Lahey and Jerry B Jenkins
Their new profits of revelation, why they're biblical left behind novels of sold 62
Many copies in County and there are several articles in this issue
Which will make you want to puk your guts out about the bush people and about what they believe
And the pop profits and about the, but there's a little poll in here
Which I found to be staggering, staggering, and I don't care what any of you say
And the religion is at the root of almost all of the grief and sorrows and grotesque crap in the world
The hate, the killing, the justification for tolerance
Anyway, what we believe in Newsweek, pullgages, Americans' opinions on the book of revelation and the end times
36% of Americans believe that the book of revelation contains true prophecy, 47% say it's metaphorical
55% think that the faithful we take it up to Evan in the rapture
Oh my gosh!
70% now here comes the one my favorite
74% of Americans believe that Satan exists among evangelicals that number increases to 93%
Oh my god!
And as a real good kicker here for if you wonder why there's so many crazy people doing so many crazy things
17% believe that the end of the world will occur in their lifetime, how do you like that?
17% of Americans believe the end of the world will occur in their lifetime
That's why I played that the end of the world stuff at the beginning of the show
And of course there's some of these naturally, and this is one of the reasons that they're so in love with Israel
Although a lot of my Jewish friends in Florida don't understand that and no one will understand that
Their motives are a little suspect-advanced because not all the Jews can die, all the non-believers can die
All the Rehabilites, Jesus is going to come down and grab them up there and bring them to heaven
That's right. Just swoop them right up there or down there or over there, wherever the hell it is, over to heaven
I thought what was the name, what's his name, what's hanging on heaven?
The blonde kid, what is his name?
The blonde kid. That was in that movie, he played a male stripper in the movie heaven
Oh, the one that Chris is that his name, yeah
I didn't have the name.
I'm not sure if Griffin would know he used to have him on the show all the time, he had him sit on his life I believe
Which of these best describes what you believe?
Careful now, this ain't the Don I'm a show all right, we can't make a little pornographic remarks
Yeah, I miss this morning, we're watching and listening on MSNBC
Just the usual, it's an SNM kind of an exercise every morning before our show
And then draw it in some lines on that show which I mean if it was just on the cable and they dumped it on the radio show
Then it's one thing but if that stuff was going on the radio
Wow, wow, it was incredible
And I miss was making this impassioned plea about Opie and Anthony and how they ought to be on the ear
And what's wrong with Viacom and they have no balls and they should put them back on
And how he thinks Opie is his son, all the other crap
And this coming from the mouth of a dead man
You know who really bothers me on that show even more than I miss because he is what he is
Is that ass-looking Charles, you know the news guy?
Charles McCord
Whatever his name, he's an ass-licker that's all, well I'm an, and you know all he says all the right things you know
All the right right wing things
Which of these best describes what you believe?
That's our pull question, everybody got some votes there already, so let's take a few cut that
It's all a pile of bullshit, 63, that was my vote
It's all a pile of crap out of 156 votes already
I'm agnostic, I don't know, 47, that was George's vote
Well, because I know you're too gutless to see right?
Right, right, right, keep saying that
Now just relax, okay, Jesus, you're so easy man, you're just too easy
Yeah, you don't even have to punch the button, let me punch it, see there you go
No, at least make an exercise, yeah
There is a hell and we're living in a 20-watt, 21-watt, I see I left that and diguously so that there could be various interpretations like maybe they mean South Florida
Because like living in hell, which I would agree with that
And, or maybe they just mean though, maybe we are in hell
Give her a stop and think about that, oh yeah
But why are we doing this?
What do we do? What do we do to deserve this?
Well you don't remember it but you did it
Oh, there is not hell only heaven for, there is a heaven hell and purgatory for, and Armageddon is coming soon only too
Speaking of Armageddon coming soon now, President, he's gonna be speaking tonight, the net worth aren't gonna carry it but of course the talking head network will carry it because they got nothing else to put on
Anybody gonna be watching it?
No!
Beast's not gonna be watching, I guarantee you that
Yes I will, why is that?
Ah, I watch the seal, what the footery comes out of his mouth
Oh my god, you wanna see if his tricycle falls over again?
Yeah, that's bad, he loses tricycles
Oh, making, and if you go on Miss Fudge Report, you can see the picture of a president
He with his nose and his chin all like bloodied up a little bit, little scrape, you know
He's waving, ah, look at me, I'm a moron, we know that, we know that
See, it would be one thing if he was a moron and it was funny
The problem being, he's a moron and he's dangerous, very very dangerous
Which is why all these people are dying every day
Like at that wedding, it was a wedding, we got the pictures now, you see the pictures?
Ah, wasn't a wedding, oh I see
Let me just tell you right now, you know, general Mark Kim it over there, our spokesman in Iraq
Anything he says, immediately, uh, assume it's a lie
They didn't find any instruments
No, no, they didn't find instruments but they were all like smashed to smithereens
They found the remnants of what used to be instruments
Oh, that's the remnants of what used to be children
Maybe that's why we lied about how there weren't any children really there
Because we found the remnants of what used to be children but now we're like, uh, smashed to smithereens
Like those instruments, I wasn't no guitar, it was a constant
Instruments of mass repression
1040, 20 till boat, we better hurry it up
And there's the Michael Morday just showed briefly if the can film festival
20 minutes standing ovation
Wednesday award again for the second straight time
Lucky did wood bowling and colabine for Fahrenheit 9-11
Which will be out this summer
Which you will be able to see and from everything I'm reading about it is absolutely outstanding
Aren't you reading that?
Oh yeah, all about it
No, seriously, but same must see
You know summertime in south Florida guarantees three things, heat humidity and hurricanes
You can't control the weather but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season
Florida new coat hurricane shutters is installed shutters and over 3000 homes in south Florida
Over the past decade
From panels accordion rolled down or Bahamas shutters
Florida new coat hurricane shutters makes it easy for you to select the hurricane protection that your home needs
Column at 9-5-4-868-4935 for your free home estimate
If you own a two-story home you know how much trouble it is using a ladder to put up your shutters
But Florida new code now offers a new steel panel system designed to be installed from the inside
On second floor windows with no need for ladders and falling and breaking your neck
They'll even give you credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase too
So call Florida new code hurricane shutters today
Now is the time to do it
At 9-5-4-868-4935
That's 9-5-4-868-4935
Florida new coat hurricane shutters providing south Florida hurricane protection over the past decade
My life and love this is for trade-off high city
Way, way, yeah
Hey stop it!
Hold things the land targeting
Hold creatures choke and smoke
Hold things through and lost in the long, long night, the long
Absolutely
Each little slate at hoisens, each little more Saturday
We buy the country's venom, we buy the orequist
All things sing and cancerous, all they feel great and slow
All things foul and dangerous, the look of light and whole
Each nosty little hornet, each face little squid
We make the spoilly archipelago, like the Shost-Ajins
Are you sure?
Hold things, scat and all service, all costs of great and slow
Huge rich, foul and gang-diness, the look of great and slow
Oy!
What a guy named Meg Listerine and Gangrene, and all the stuff in between
What's not the like?
A partialistic politics, this article in this same issue with Newsweek May 24th last week's Doon-Bee
The ties that bind, Bush and Lehigh have a history and a shared sense of mission
And you will pee your pants when you read that, the whole thing
The whole thing, the religious people are the crazy people and they're the scary people
They're the dangerous people and they want to lead us down to garden path, the only problem is we don't want to go
No thanks, we don't want to participate
We're doing good, no thanks, I'll pass oven, although I'll pass those in Texas
We don't want to go there because you know who's from there
Anyway, General Zinny on 60 minutes said, and you all saw that, so I don't want to waste my time reading all this
We didn't all see it
Well, I don't have time, I didn't see it
You didn't see it last night, you're going to watch Bush on TV talking the same crap that I've either watched 60 minutes last night
It was my workout, was it a hurricane, badminton tournament or something?
I was out to dinner with my girlfriend really
And we had dinner
Well, gee, I had steak
And what did you have, what happened after dinner?
We went home and watched the sopranos
And it was a good episode
And after that, we went to sleep
Together?
Separately
In the same place?
We're old-fashioned
We have two beds in the same room
Wait a minute, you're shacked up with some broad?
No!
Holy moly!
I thought that the news about Gildi was exciting, the beast is shacked up with some female
And she's alive!
I think!
I didn't ask that question
Is she alive?
As far as I know?
It's not Ism Arrelli, is it?
Who?
Because Quasi-Motor did a hell of a job on hers what I'm hearing
Anyway, I'm happy for it, that's great
That goes to show all you desparados out there that are wasting your time in those chat rooms
And all the other crap and all those porno sites online
If the beast can get laid, manners hope for all of you guys
That is really great
Go to jdate.com
Wow, that is fantastic
Well, that's where he hooked up with Clarence
A lot of people thought it was in the building
He answered an anonymous ad on jdate.com
And it took out to be Clarence
They met in Denny's?
The profile and matched
We met at the Rascal House
At the Rascal House?
Oh!
General Zitty said they screwed up
I'm only going to read like two sentences
Retire General Anthony Zitty is one of the most respected and outspoken military leaders of the past two decades
Now in a new book about his career, Co-written with Tom Clancy called Battle Ready
Zitty has handed up a scathing indictment of the Pentagon and its conduct of the war in Iraq
In the book Zitty writes
In the lead up to the war in Iraq and to the Iraqi war in its later conduct, I saw it in a minimum
True dereliction, negligence and irresponsibility at worst lying in competence and corruption
How do you like that?
Oh my god
Well, she's getting a workout today
Oh my god
You go grandma
How do you like that?
Let me read that one sentence again
I saw at minimum true dereliction, negligence and irresponsibility at worst lying in competence and corruption
They lie like crazy
The same thing with if he had nom was exactly the same for those of us old fart sold it up to him or having lived through all of that nightmare
That horror
Oh everything was going great
They lied about the body count
They lied about everything
But anyway, politicians lie in what a concept that really happens
Vival arguments for his boiling oil charge, I'll get the religious stuff out of the way first
Eugene Oragan
Angela S. Morris, 19, was charged with domestic violence, assault and jailed on quarter million dollars bail
Her 31-year-old boyfriend, whose name was not released, was hospitalized with severe burns on his push neck and chest
The tour we are reading the Bible at the Boyfriends Department May 13th when Morris went to...
Now you aren't reading the Bible last night with your lovely lady, were you?
Heck no
Oh
The tour reading the... all of somebody probably said, oh god that's good during the course of the evening
We can only hope, we can only pray
The tour reading the Bible at the Boyfriends Department May 13th when Morris went to the kitchen to prepare French fries
Police said, trache
Morris told police that they continued to argue that a boyfriend grabbed her from behind... from behind
Correct him
Sounds like my experience at the doctor last week, very dangerous
Police said he then went to his bedroom to lie down, Morris followed him through the oil on him
Police said, how do you like that?
Because they were arguing about a Bible first
All of this stuff written by stupid ignoramuses thousands of years ago
But the Bible says this, see this is why there is very little hope for the human race
Because we have daughtering idiots running around and what's really important is life is
Christianity or Judaism or Islam and then these people are got the balls to talk about
Oh no, he just pardoned that for one of those Rahuacco cults
Oh I see, a Rahuacco cult is opposed to the mainstream religion
Right, uh huh
Arts Dices of Miley Settles with Sexual Abuse Victim
Naples of former altar board will collect 135 grand from the Arts Dices of Miley
to settle a sexual misconduct lawsuit against a defraught, Catholic priest
Oh before we get into that too deeply
Moth tomorrow morning because we want to wish him well
He's going for his annual physical examination or is it a semi-weekly semi-monthly
He's a real hypochundriacum
Attention men
Yeah
And I said well what part of your body are you most concerned about he said
RACCUM
A former altar boy speaking of that will collect 135 grand from the Arts Dices of Miley to settle a sexual misconduct lawsuit against a defraught, Catholic priest
The settlement against Miley, Arch, Bishop, John C. Favallora and former priest William Romero, no relation to Caesar
Was reached earlier this month said tell some of the victims attorney although he does like a good Caesar salad
Arch Dices leaders initiated the settlement he said the victim identified in court papers only as AB
That's the initials not his name not AB
Directly made a goiim named AB I don't think accused Romero of initiating inappropriate conduct in 1976 when the boy was 12
First of the child's home and later on on an overnight stay at the St. Anne rectumry and overnight stay
I'd like to know about the parents of these kids have been molested
Are you people ever going to smarten up or what?
No
Are you ever going to wise up?
The 66 year old former priest who resigned from the clergy last year met an internal diocese probe declined comment over the weekend
A spokesman for the Miley Arch Dices declined to discuss the case other than to acknowledge the settlement had been reached
Under the table I wonder what else they were grabbing under the table
Zalman said he settled a case at the instructive as client now a 40 year old married father who recently moved from Lee County to California
Romero still faces two other sex abuse lawsuits far last year in Miley
Southwest Florida was part of the Miley Arch Dices till 84 when Catholic churches in Cal
Your lease a row soda and seven other counties became part of the new diocese of Venice
And how is that possible if you ever driven through Venice?
No Florida?
Yeah, I mean driven through it
No, and I 75 you how many people live in Venice?
About 30 men
Why would it be the art the diocese of Venice? It's one of the smaller. It's it's like a summer basari soda
Stop asking questions. Oh, I'm sorry
Well, Venice is like Italian I see you got Naples in Venice and fettins and all sorry
I guess they figured it's got that kind of like Vatican or Roman to it like a Vatican stench
Oh look at this terror threat will kill Madonna
I'll just shut up. This is from the British online son
Madonna has axed three gigs in Israel after terrorists threatened to kill her and her kids
Don't let me forget that Bill Cosby story that that one of the Bill Cosby story
I never liked Bill Cosby until I read that story yesterday. It's on our website. I never liked him
I didn't hate him, but he I just thought he was annoying especially with those jello putting what else was he on besides his own show that Albert with his
hostables no, but beside that he used to be on some games shows or something I spy oh yeah
No, I spy was actually a good show that was with Robert Culp. That was the only good thing he ever did picture pages
Be said
Take your pages what's that?
The kids they picked your pages just picked your pages
Madonna has axed three gigs in Israel after terrorists threatened to kill her and her kids a single was terrified by a blitz
Or is that a blitz of poison pen letters?
Well, she thought maybe a conny made it just like she made the canola's for Eli Wallach
She thought maybe Connie made the blinces
Mag freaked out when she learned of a terrorist plot to kill her to young children if she performed in Israel
She first planted a fire the extremist but canceled after the unnamed Palestinian group mentioned details about lords
Seven and three year old Rocco in a series of threatening letters. I guess that's lordus
A source said the notes were unbelievably scary. Madonna's a strong woman, but she freaked out
When her kids were mentioned at first she was prepared to go out and stay dead anyway and hire extra security
But she wasn't ready to take chances with her kids. They're her whole world
It says here the threats were sent to the singers offices in LA
They became more frightening as they displayed in-depth knowledge of the stars closest aides the source added
It became clear that these people were not messing around they were a real serial man
They even know intimate details like who her personal staff are she thought she was being targeted because of her Jewish
Kabbalah religion which I never heard of that until this morning and you knew about Kabbalah
What do I call it Kabbalah? Whatever the hell it is
Kabbalah
Yeah, Kabbalah is in the Afghanistan right Jewish
This is the current Zionist side by the way is a former member of a chevron more how to build a column than other things
How to build the goyem
But this group were threatening her because she represents many things they hate about the West
Madonna married a brit film director guy richi is not performing to israel since her 1993
Gurley show
She had books read it in September at the Tel Aviv stadium including a televised concert on 9-11 to mark the third anniversary of the al-Qaeda text
Madonna's people last night insisted the israel leg of a reinvention towards the cancel because the singer wants to concentrate on Europe
But inside her say nothing except the security alert would have stopped her traveling to Tel Aviv because now she's like an airzaz too
I didn't know that
Kabbalah
Kabbalah
Kabbalah and what's this thing at the at paysock that the zack was teaching me about about fund the
The trooper cobra no no the thing that they they search for even the beast must know the upcoming
Well, don't say it like I'm supposed to know what that is you don't know what that is
You want to be a duo? I mean you guys the qm are a little bit too Jewish if you know what I mean
That's what Hank used to call doff
Yes, it's kato the ethical air. I wonder what he meant by that. I know you stand with his nicknames
Hank would be looking for doffin or could find him
Yeah, we said go search for the offie colon. I see well. Maybe if he looked up his back home. I find him
1057 how's the hopper doing by the way? I hadn't didn't see him this last time around
I guess he's how's he doing what?
If the a dinner table
Come on Hank push it away. Okay, push that food away. I want him alive next time I come back
Want to see him in the flesh your boy. There's a lot of it
Hey, spring of the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car truck from arms strong
Toyota of homestead the run US one just 20 minutes south of the 836. What's not to like arms strong Toyota
Homesteads worth the driving matter where you live because they're going to save you so much cash
Thousands and zillions on great new unbeatable toyotas
Check out the great least deals they have for you right now and oh for a camera
Your for one or just 269 a month for 48 months how about an oh for a highlander just 309 a month need a truck
How about an oh for Toyota Tundra? It's a safe and struck in USA
You pay just 179 a month for 48 months. These are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now at arms strong
Toyota of homestead in fact the service department is open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done
That's how much work they'll do for you to make sure that you walk away happy whatever you are camper and
Wait to near this arm strong Toyota homestead offers your free tires batteries and replacement parts for the life of your vehicle
Which nobody else know where it does? Let me say it again tires batteries and free parts for life
So forget about those big card giants who have those screaming car spots and over promise and always under deliver
Gets yourself an unbeatable deal from David Rich the GM at arm strong toyotas homestead
You'll find them easy to get to US one two ninety third street and homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836
Here's their number. It's 305
242 3247 for the deal of a lifetime
305 242
3247 rabbit little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
Those people are ice holes you've seen him on channel seven news first as a two-bit reporter
Now as a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay combined rick sanchez sings
Here are the dulcet tones of the man who brought you crunching rick sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez sings
Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face story over higher. It's one show you all want to miss. Stay for a good one
Oh
Rick Sanchez he loves his audience. I accept you as a precious gift from God. Oh God
Love it all three of five sixty and then you see that Rick Sanchez may have been lying about
Because now we got witnesses saying that he watched the of somebody abuse of the prisoners
Yeah, Rick Sanchez you see that general Rick Sanchez. Oh
And he said I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil so I might as well have one with you too
That's why he told a prisoner Patrick McGuin anyway 286 votes on a pull which of these best describes what you believe
I'm a little bit gitty because it had ballgame coming up
Pre-game at 1230 maybe one o'clock one o'clock one oh five down and back set your Florida marlins be there or be square
Beast is gonna be there. He's got free tickets. I got a press pass
And you go up and the shmuz with him in the box
Well, you know, it's it's inside the jacquination of course
Of course, and you can probably free food too. Oh, it's not free. It's not free
You have to pay for your food in a press box. Yeah. What kind of crap is that? I agree
Did you like they do have the car vel ice cream though? I know that
Are they ever gonna get you real ice cream in there? The only thing I like about the car vel ice cream at the stadium is that you can get like a hot-bud Sunday
Like I'm talking about ice cream and I haven't put like a whole bunch of cherries and cherry juice on it
Oh, man, do you ever have that? Of course. Try that this afternoon. It's been nice knowing
292 votes. Which of these best describes what you believe it's all a pile of bullshit 127
That's our very astute audience out there who are like a cut above. I don't care what anybody says don't confuse our audience with the colors
Okay, a lot of people say oh gee nothing but morons listen to you. You hear those the colors have got nothing to do with the listeners
Thank goodness
Don't ever be a get a jaded view of life just because we got a bunch of
The laboring audience out there called a show every day
But generally speaking not entirely for generally speaking people who call radio talk shows are
A cut below they've been cut below a little bit too tight
It's all a pile of crap 127. I'm agnostic. I don't know 77. I'm got a clue
There is a hell and we're living in it 35. There is a heaven and a hell 27. Uh-oh
There is a heaven hell and purgatory 11
Maybe purgatory is like Palm Beach County
There is not hell only heaven eight. Isn't that sweet? There's only heaven no hell
God wouldn't do that. God wouldn't you have you be burning in that lake of fire for eternity
squirming and screaming and painful
He'd rather give you like lung cancer
And Armageddon is coming soon
7 2.3 percent
They must know the script for tonight's bush beach
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's get one or two calls and what do you say just to prove that we do have some articulate cause right we took one in the first hour is great
It was about the fact that it's gonna cost the 80 bucks are gallon of gas by the 4th of July
WDQM hello
Neil yes sir how you doing sir okay? I got a question to you about this
nonsense with the power and all that with life with Howard
Why do they
Howard uh-turner oh Howard Stern I thought you meant mo Howard
Absolutely
Find him
What is it?
What happened to this guy I didn't take him he crashed
I think they I think they just chopped this guy call me back because it sounded like something not real exciting
But the marginally I don't understand first of all they didn't find him they find the infinity which is via com
They find the stations that he's on they don't find you yet
Speaking of that, but that's a good segue to this next event time story
Air America seeks to clear debts oh my god where she goes again
See I don't want to pick on them especially since we're hoping Randy does real well
And we're pulling for Randy anybody else on there
We don't really care that much about including Al Franken to know belong on the universe place or Jeanine Garafloh who also
But if I'm gonna start an enterprise like that
I'm gonna make you know blow a lot of smoke about it and get a lot of publicity and go on all over TV
Don't you think that up front before we start the venture that we have some cash?
Yeah, like if I was gonna open a hot dog stand
Right they didn't make the payroll at the end of the first week
Right here America
And the series I mean the beastlies are notorious for like you know holding on to your money as long as they can
But at least sooner or later you get paid. So is it the affin?
The affie Coleman
Yeah, that's why that decision didn't get over Jews don't turn that far over to the right most Jews are more to the left
Except the ones that I met last week. Well, I tell you I had a rough week down here
I had a great week actually got a lot of companies to was fine
But I had a rough week in meeting Jews boy. Everybody. I talked to lawyers and all kinds of guys
Oh, it's good for Israel. How can you vote against Bush? He's good for it. Yeah, right. Uh-huh
Air America seeks to clear debts liberal talk network air America's seeking to raise new money in efforts to pay off debts and steer the business toward profitability
A group of early investors that includes Florida attorney Mike Papantonio
Chicago entrepreneur Sheldon Drobney and real networks chairman Rob Glazer committed to invest new capital
Well, that's a good start. You know how much to put again eight bucks
investor Doug Krieger was assumed the role of CE oh succeeding Evan Cohen
This venture is not dead. It's not gonna die Papantonio folder orders. I'm a businessman
And I see this is a great business opportunity
Air America's racked up unpaid debts which include payroll to sales forces at higher in Chicago
LA and San Francisco
But was forced to let go after backing out on plans to lease radio stations in those markets
The company has a goal of racing eight million bucks
Papantonio host a Saturday air america show with Robert F. Kennedy Jr
Said the company's already well-outs way to raising that amount air america's most popular talk shows include the old franken factor with al franken
And the majority report with actress jenny and carapolo
They left our friend randy out of here Dan them
The networks made efforts from what we're here and she's got the only real show on the whole network
Isn't that all reports that we're hearing and reading?
That's what we need. Yeah, and even between abandoned hoovah left the nation
Give her a nice ride up there after the first week
The network has made efforts to get democratic presidential nominees a slash Massachusetts senator to john carry to spend more of its
Campaign money on ads aired on air america
Well, I was thinking probably want to be on places where there are actually people listening
Air america president john sit and will remain in charge of the advertising effort as air america struggles
And they've just barely gotten off the ground even the right brothers never had this much trouble getting off the ground
pretty shocking
Wedding video contradicts us denials
A videotape emerged today and we've seen it you've seen it right?
Yeah, I had a lot. We see it. I saw parts of it. Yeah, did they show it on ESPN?
Yeah, right
I'm not like that what I'm not a sports nerd. Well, tell clearance. You're not like that. Okay next time you put some move on
He was in there adjusting his package on friday repeatedly friday morning. I was so embarrassed in him
I want to crawl into the table, you know
And he denies it he started and do that sure you did you think I would make something up like something that grotesque
Even somebody is the sickest me has it doesn't have a vivid imagination like that
Oh, it's speaking of grotesque things before I get into this thing about the wedding video
uh, did Todd record anybody bring you a piece of copy that I don't see being faxed me yet
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No because I made it extraordinarily clear
If he wouldn't have wasted that five minutes, hucking me a whole song and a dance this morning in the stepping all over my life
And he would have been busy taking care of business. I would have that in my hand right now
I'm being prepared for the 1120 break
But of course, I don't have it in my hand or 1120 five whenever I'm going to do it because Todd wreck his busy
was screwing off or screwing something. God, well, just an action-a-waying to happen.
So you don't have anything? No, no, no, no.
We're going to have to scratch those off again today. Wouldn't that be? And then I'll get playing for it.
Oh, it's that deal. Yeah, scratch this.
A videotape of merch today that apparently showed the wedding party in Iraq that Survivor Say was attacked by US warplanes.
Last week in Raids it killed up to 45 people. The US military has admitted launching
airstrikes of targets near the Syrian border last Tuesday, but insisted to attack a safe house for foreign insurgents
and that there was no evidence of a wedding. The top US military spokesman in a
rack-pregator general, Mark Kimit, who lies like crazy, told reporters at the weekend that there could have been some kind of celebration
but said bad people have celebrations too. Oh, man! How can they be foreign insurgents?
He insisted there were no decorations, no musical instruments found, no large quantities of food or leftover servings.
One would expect from a wedding celebration. However, the video obtained by APTN, which lasts for several hours,
shows a large wedding party and separate footage shop by AP Cameraman for the following day, shows fragments of
Israel instruments, pots and pans, and brightly colored beddings used for celebrations scattered around a bombed out tent.
There were also fragments of ordinance that appeared to have US markings and fragments of people that used to be human beings
including lots of little children. An AP reporter and photographer who interviewed more than a dozen survivors
a day after the bombing were able to identify many of them on a wedding party video. Ready for that?
Yes. Survivors say dozens of missiles were launched at late at night after the festivities had ended and that women and children were among those killed as were the bride and groom.
Oh, brother! Say, that'll hurt them. I've heard the expression killer wedding, but this puts new emphasis on it, don't you think?
Put brand new meaning. Sick! Oh, we didn't do that! We don't kill no little children.
Stuttering Gildfacts is here. Talk about religion. Somehow our account receivables department has found God. They bring in all this religious music sermons that give me all kinds of BS.
Then I tell my only of one God. He's on 10 to 2 Monday through Friday.
Ew, God!
Isn't that cute? I tell them the Bible is a book written year after year. They say, why hasn't Neil God written a book?
Answer the government will ban the truth, but won't ban the Bible, which is so hypocritical in just the books.
Good luck to your will pray for you.
Damn God!
What a heathen.
We need a lot more heathens. We need to be out there on street corners peddling the truth.
We should make some of those sandwich board signs like this.
So do sandwich board signs. Use your brain. Use your brain. Forget about God. Forget about Bologna. Forget about Bibles. Forget about superstitious, focused.
Forget about life after death and heaven and hell and purgatory and the frickin devil. The only devil for Khennau Laugh are in New Jersey and they lost.
Did you get that copy yet?
1113 at 560 WQM. Hey Todd, here's something for you.
God wasn't idiot.
You know, Fum is TV, but not just your regular ordinary TV, which everybody's got. It's high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish and HD receiver.
The picture is so superior to regular TV, you won't believe it.
The quality is like comparing the very latest DVD to an old Edison cylinder.
Fum is the, by the way, his anti-Semite. Fum is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Fum has got the most HD TV anywhere
and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience, including the satellite dish, HD receiver and the remote even.
And Fum has got over 30 channels.
3rd man.
Fum is the programming you can watch ESPN even in high definition beast.
ESPN, aren't you on it all day?
I know you're not like that. That's three times more than you get from cable and they've got all your other favorite channels like HB and MTV.
Even your local channels too. Fum has got over 120 channels of great entertainment. Fum's even got exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you cannot get from your cable or satellite company.
So with Fum, you get all the stuff you've got now plus all these awesome high definition channels on top of it.
So call Fum today for a limited time offer that expires in a week by the way of it or do this right away.
Call 1-866-848-8666 or visit VUM.com for the special offer that includes free installation, no upfront cost and no long term commitment either.
Start VUM today. Call 1-866-848-8666 or check them online at VUM.com.
We're supporting you 560-UAF.
Get in stickin.
Freedom's in, freedom's in, let's bury our heads. Freedom's in, freedom's in, let's bury our heads.
Freedom's in, freedom's in, let's bury our heads.
Freedom's in, freedom's in, let's bury our heads.
Love and I say that 560-WQM landed a free use to be at home of the braves. Braves suck by the way.
I think everybody knows that, don't they know that? That's because they fought out that Moe was a braves fan.
I got rid of all their good players, they stink. Let's take a quick call, shall we? WQA and hello?
Yes sir. How are you boss? Pretty good.
Talking about the wedding you were just talking about.
Right. I love the quote from our military that, one of the last time you heard about a wedding at 3 o'clock in the morning.
It just goes to show that the coupons that we live in as Americans.
Yeah, the wedding wasn't at 3 o'clock in the morning, the wedding was long over by then.
Right. But even if it was at 3, who knows what other cultures have their time, they have their wedding.
Yeah. Well a lot of people, I'm probably so embarrassed, they want to get married in the dark of the night.
Exactly. Another question for you too. I'm Friday. I know you got that hot tip at the horse track. How does that work out?
He's still running. Go Marlin.
Have a great day, Pellie. Yeah, we got a hot tip at the track. I know horse that had no chance.
And I didn't get a lot of money on it. A few bucks on the double. And he had no chance.
No, and he was over his head. He was stepping up and never got in the race. He no go. But anyway, that's all right.
That's okay. My friend Brad Kramer bailed me out at Hazel Park.
Oh, thank goodness for those Hazel Park guys. Okay, because some of you guys at the Pomato Park. Wow.
Whoo. Anyway, here's the fact that says I'm so glad that somebody else with the brain saw that propostive story in Newsweek about the rapture and the end time.
Oh my God.
My roommate subscribed to that magazine. When I saw the cover, I just wanted to collapse into a corner weeping for days.
Why did he weep?
Where are these people going to disappear to by what means where will they go to? Heaven, where is that?
Oh, it's up there. It's a bird. It's a plane.
Why would the supreme being of the universe responsible for such phenomenon as quantum singularities and photosynthesis creates such a cumbersome method for saving people?
The entire scenario is absurd. Any way you look at it. Anybody who buys an even 100% of this nonsense is a pathetic fool.
And I can say that with experience because like George, I used to be one of those people.
And I literally believe that you would just disappear when the rapture happened. Is that what you believe?
Yeah, something like that or maybe.
How seriously? What does that mean?
That you disappear when the rapture happens. You go to heaven. You're caught up with him in the clouds.
Jesus rubs a balloon on his head and the static cling pulls all the faithful up to it.
Anyway, how's that pull up on the nail? Let's just pretend we didn't hear what George has said. He's being amusing.
Which of these best describes what you believe?
362 votes. It's all a pile of bullshit, 152.
42% of this very astute audience have got the courage, the balls, the fortitude to say, hey, you don't have to be a genius to know it's a pile of crap.
And it's like if you're walking in the backyard and you blindfolded and you smell it and you step in it, you don't have to be a genius to know it's a pile of crap.
See what I'm saying? It's a pile of crap. You're going to let yourself.
Should tell you. And then when you step in it, that squishy feeling under your feet, I'm sorry.
It's all a pile of crap, 152. I'm agnostic. I don't know. 102. 28%. Who just like George, you're like hoping to hoping maybe to learn something.
But you're reading stuff into it. What?
Well, but what was wrong with that? I was trying to be a kind to be generous.
No, you're not. You're hoping. Who's hoping for anything?
No, what are you hoping for? Why do you say hoping? That doesn't mean there's nothing. Nobody's hoping for anything.
There is a hell and we're living in it. 45. There is a heaven and a hell. 32. Uh oh.
I know where we're all going. There's a heaven hell and a purgatory. 12.
Well, let's stop off in purgatory and kind of like a holding place till we decide which direction we want to go.
I think that's here. I think we're in purgatory.
There is no, no hell. Only heaven 11 and Armageddon is coming soon.
I bet your Robert Reaper voted for that. Yeah. Yeah.
Hey, by the way, nice people. You jumped in a bed with Robert.
All these right wing lunatics. Okay. Who wants you? Who know damn well that when Armageddon comes,
you're going to be one of them people is going to die a wicked death.
In fact, he's, you know what they're going to turn Robert Reaper into a bar of soap used in hell.
And you know how fast that's going to melt down there?
How fast? That's why I'm glad I use that body wash now.
I'm about a whole bunch of soap. Liquid soap? Huh? Liquid soap.
Right. Whatever you want to call it. Liquid soap. Do you have a luffa?
I beg your pardon? Is that like the affee Coleman? What is that?
Luffa gloves. They got nothing.
That's a little stick with that stick a little stick.
What? Stick one.
It's stick with a little brillo luffa thing on the end.
I use it. Oh, brother. Well, in your case, I can, can you see these trying to take a shower?
Oh, my very warm. All the hurt parts that need to be exhumed.
I mean, wow.
Got the shower massage on an extra long hand.
Lower area of the cover.
Oh, bet.
You probably got that like the one on a hook.
The one with a big blow. It's got a boomerang.
The hook is to pry the folds apart.
Oh. As Cos tells it, we ain't learned nothing yet.
Bill Cosby, like I said, I never really cared that much about him, especially them jello spots.
I always hated that. And I never thought he was funny.
I thought it was a good actor in I spy. It was a good series.
But I never thought he was funny. Did you?
There. Not even mildly amusing.
And I'm going to say it for the 40 million time.
Whoever heard of a black family named the Hux
But anyway, Bill Cosby was anything but politically correct in his remarks at Constitution,
Mahal, Bash, and Washington, commemorating the 50th anniversary of Brown vs. Board of Education decision
to everyone's astonishment left during applause, Cosby mocked everything from urban fashion
to black spending and speaking habits. Now we're talking.
Ladies and gentlemen, the lower economic people are not holding up their end in this deal, he said Monday night.
These people are not parenting. They're buying things for kids.
$500, $500 sneakers for what? And they won't spend $200 for hooked on phonics.
They're standing on the corner when they can't speak English, he said.
I can't even talk the way these people talk. Why you ain't, where you is.
And I blamed the kid until I heard the mother talk. Then I heard the father talk.
Everybody knows it's important to speak English except these knuckleheads.
You can't be a doctor with that kind of crap coming out of your mouth.
When Cosby finally concluded Howard University president H. Patrick Swigert,
and NAACP president Kui-Ci Mufumi, he's related to Weezy,
and NAACP legal defense fund head theater Shaw came to the podium looking stone-faced.
Shaw told the crowd that most people on welfare are not African-American,
and many of the problems his organization has addressed in the black community were not self-inflicted.
How do you like that? Actually, there was a longer version of this story too about complaining about getting shot by cops after stealing coke and stealing this.
And what do you people steal in front of first place? He really made a lot of very obvious intelligence comments.
And the fact is that most 50 years has been so little progress.
I mean, if you really like complex by rolling coal and pile, then you might get ahead in light.
Or if you got like the inside, if you like a total sell-out like Conda-Lisa, then you might get ahead of life, make a few bucks.
Yeah. A total sell-out from a share run board of directors.
Soldier who deserted in Iraq gets here in jail by kind of discharge. I can see if he knows that, right?
Everybody's.
Staff Sergeant Camillo Amahia received the maximum penalty for not returning to his full national guard unit after two week for low in October.
He says he got a year in prison. He says he doesn't regret making this season after seeing the horrors of an oil-driven war.
I have no regrets. Not one. He said before the jury of four officers and four listed soldiers, met for 20 minutes and handed down his sentence.
He told the jurors he was not afraid to go into prison. I'll take it because I will go there with my honor knowing I've done the right thing.
And he is absolutely correct.
You go, Camillo.
20 cents. Isn't that what the February was telling me?
Is that not? He may be living pretty soon at the Camillo House.
Oh, Camillo is not going to be there.
Oh, and look at this.
Look a lot.
It's 27.8.
A few way, do we have that, uh, no we don't.
You see, they're in the video, so you don't mind them all.
You see, they're so pretty old.
We can't wait.
You got a, he's the breakfast studio that gives your reward every time you open the box.
It's a losing.
Carry charms.
Every box is full of bronze stars.
Purple hearts.
Clean clovers.
Purple hearts.
Orange moves.
Purple hearts.
And lots and lots of purple hearts.
In fact, you'll be getting one every time you take a bite.
Or a break a needle.
Look for the box shaped like a giant head.
Carry charms.
They're magically suspicious.
They're part of a fair and balanced breakfast.
And be sure to try carry ego waffles.
The breakfast that never gives you a straight answer.
Carry ego waffles.
Try them and you'll say, carry.
Leggo on that ego.
Carry ego waffles.
Left of 30, we got a ballgame coming up, boy.
And we're excited about that.
Oh, well, we got the Marlins host in the diamond bags, fourth and final game of the series.
105 is game time.
1230s are pregame show Marlins on direct speaking of Todd Dreck.
So the deal is what?
How much haven't seen Heidner here with that child, right?
Right.
Who would I tell you?
Comes in the, and again, see, I don't want to go into the details because it's nobody's business.
But just generally speaking, okay?
He comes in this morning while you're out taking a leak or something.
And pa pa pa pa pa pa like that.
No, it's rather than just going ahead and taking care of something you knew had to be done.
You see what I'm saying?
What he's saying?
Rather than doing that, he's wasting his time bending my ear.
Did he get the job done?
No.
Did I have the copy?
Did the spa run?
No.
It's a nice job, Todd.
I'm going to have to rethink my position on that whole issue.
No, he's from Poem.
By Duff that, you know, he was waiting for the, you heard it.
Right.
But it will, but I am right.
Waiting for Christmas.
The war in Iraq continues to turn us the approval ratings of President Bush.
Oh, right.
Evaluations of the way Mr. Bush is handed the war in Iraq.
How he's handling foreign policy and how he's handling his job overall.
And how he's handling that tricycle are now at their lowest levels ever in his presidency.
Mr. Bush's overall job approval ratings continued to decline.
41% approved the job he's doing as president.
41% he's down to.
While 52% disapproved, the lowest overall job rating of his presidency,
two weeks ago was 44, a year ago, two thirds approved.
61% of Americans now disapproved of the way Mr. Bush is handling the situation in Iraq,
while just 34% approvers why he's tonight making the first of his 800 speeches,
but if he put a little bit about,
and he's, who's getting the keys to the Kingdom in Iraq?
Do we know on June 30th?
No.
No.
He's just tossing them up in the air and something's going to be a free for all.
Just grab anybody wants, grab.
He's quoting keys.
As concerned about the situation in Iraq grows, 65% now say the country's on the rise.
The wrong track matching the highest number ever recorded in CBS News Pulse,
which began asking this question in the mid 1980s.
Let me read that part again.
Could you?
65% of Americans, even as dumb as they are,
now say the country is on the wrong track matching the highest number ever recorded in CBS News Pulse,
which began asking this question in the mid 80s, only 30%.
But third man.
Currently safe things in this country are headed in the right direction.
A year ago, April 2003, 56% of Americans said the country was headed
in the right direction.
Now they're saying it's in the wrong direction, especially on a West Coast.
The last time the percentage that said the country was on the wrong track was as high as it is now
as back in November of 94, then Republicans swept into control in both houses of Congress
for the first time in decades.
Majorities disapproved of the way Mr. Bush is handling foreign policy in the economy.
Terrorism remains the only positive area for the president.
A majority of 51% of who are the ways handling the campaign against terrorism,
I'd like to know what that campaign is, but that number matches his lowest rating ever on that topic.
Just 37% of the lowest number in his presidency now prove Mr. Bush is handling a foreign policy,
while 56% of this approval, Mr. Bush's ratings on the economy are similar.
36% say, yeah, good, and 57% say, uh-uh, bad.
How do you like that?
Drop it like a rock.
The UN decries and curves into Gaza.
Palestinian top killed in Israeli search for tunnels.
A three-year-old Palestinian girl was shot and killed yesterday in Rafa refugee camp in the Gaza strip
the fifth day of Israeli searches and house demolitions that a senior UN official condemned
as completely, completely unacceptable.
Meanwhile, in the West Bank town of Nobles, four people were wounded when a suicide bomber
blew himself up near an Israeli army checkpoint yesterday.
One soldier was slightly wounded, three Palestinians were hurt one seriously.
The popular front for the liberation of Palestine claimed responsibility,
saying it was a response to the Rafa incursion.
They hit us, we hit him back, and it just goes on, and on, and on,
and all these little kids are dying on both sides, innocent, but pain in the S.B. standards.
Israeli troops entered the outskirts of Rafa overnight pressing their offensive and search
of armed smuggling tunnels and militants.
They said 90 tunnels have been found and destroyed since 2000,
only one of them discovered during the current operation.
Well, I guess it was worth it then, right?
Absolutely.
41 Palestinians have been killed since Operation Rainbow began last Tuesday,
including Gunman and Eighth demonstrator,
said by a tank shell during a protest march.
The three-year-old girl was shot dead yesterday in the camp's Brazil neighborhood,
from which troops had withdrawn the day before Palestinian hospital officials said.
Relative said, Rawan, Muhammad Abu Zayed was killed by a shot to the head while walking to a shop.
We were playing in the house when she told me she wanted some candy.
Her 19-year-old brother said, crying uncontrollably on the phone.
There was no one in the street but the kids, not even other adults, he said.
The army said it had no reports of shooting in the area.
Maybe she was a suicide, that's what it was.
Just like Jason Williams' dog, I think it was a suicide, don't you?
I think it was a suicide.
That was it.
Maybe she couldn't find a candy.
Maybe she didn't have any cash to buy the candy.
She just like, you have brains out, then blame it on those poor Israelis.
That must have been it.
And the day the tanks arrived at Rafa Zoo, among ruin houses,
a haven for Gaza's children lies in rubble, asked to be directed in the latest wave of Israeli destruction
in Rafa's Al-Brazile neighborhood, and many fingers pointed toward the zoo.
Amid the rubble of dozens of homes that the Israeli army continued yesterday to deny demolishing,
the wrecking of the tiny but only zoo in the Gaza Strip took on potent symbolism
from any of the new homeless.
Oh, they're not doing that.
The butchered ostrich, the petrified kangaroo, cowering in a basement corner,
the tortoises crushed under the tank treads, all were held up as evidence of the pitiless nature of the Israeli occupation.
People are more important than animals to the zoo's co-owner, Muhammad Ahmed Juma,
whose house was also demolished, but the zoo is the only place in Rafa that children could escape the tense atmosphere.
There were slides in games for children, we had a small swimming pool,
I know it's hard to believe looking at it now, but it was beautiful.
Why would they destroy that?
Because they want to destroy everything about us, he said.
And there's a picture here of Palestinian kid holding up a badly injured raccoon
after pulling it from the rubble of the destroyed zoo in the Brazil section of the Rafa refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip.
Racoon?
It's an injured coon.
They found Howard Wake?
Oh, I didn't say muskrat.
We called it bar mitzvah.
Many of the animals at the small zoo either escape your died in the destruction the owner said.
Israeli troops pulled back from two neighborhoods in his sprawling Palestinian refugee camp Friday,
leaving behind dozens of demolished and damaged homes, torn up roads and flattened cars,
and a zoo that's blown to rub bits.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Like I would try to tell you, on both sides, crazy is a bed bug,
lunatics, but again you got people with bombs and people with stones on the other side.
I just mentioned that in passing too, okay?
And boy was I, I was, I kind of like a lot of those people I talked to last week once upon a time,
looking at it through colored glasses, through how about colored glasses the whole situation?
I was brainwashed about the cube of thing on my life.
There you go.
And soon or later you start taking a look at the reality of what's really going on,
and you start reading things and viewing things and listening to rational people talking about things,
and you say to yourself, holy crap.
We don't need no Israel.
We don't need no Palestine.
We don't need any of this crap.
Okay, we need rational sane people, okay?
That's what we need.
Is it going to happen?
No.
No.
And I'm going to tell you seriously, if there's any of these people, I mean the idea of these Jews for Bush and churches for Bush,
if this really goes on, then America's got no hope at all.
Anybody can be that stupid.
I mean, I know about Armstrong Williams, okay?
He's on the payroll.
But other than that, and Condoleez and Colin, they're on the payroll too, on the inside.
Which of these best describes what you believe that's our pool question today on NealRudges.com?
426 votes.
It's all a pile of crap, bullshit, 180, 42.2%.
I'm agnostic.
I don't know.
1928% emotional cripples.
There is a hell, and we're living in it.
53.
There is a heaven and a hell, 37.
There is a heaven hell in purgatory, 14.
Oh, let's stop off like I said in purgatory for a sandwich anyway, before we go down.
As long as there is.
There is no, he'll be there.
There is no hell only heaven, 13.
And Armageddon is coming soon.
Oh, hey, hey, read that.
I'm telling you, probably he's still on the newsstands.
If not, find somebody who's got it.
Last week's article.
Read the whole magazine.
You'll never come out of the house again.
You'll be like cowing in a basement like that kangaroo.
A poccaliptic politics, baby.
And on the front cover, no less.
Tim LeHey and Jerry B. Jenkins with these bubble mice.
And 62 million copies.
Although the one good thing about who's buying these books.
If I can find it, there's only about 600 pages of this crap in here.
There's a thing about the people who are buying the books.
Where is it?
I'll find it.
I'll get to it.
We got an old and very, here you go.
The core buyer of these born again revelation based, all this bull crap, Armageddon, Wushen book.
The core buyer is a 44 year old born again Christian woman, married with kids, living in the south.
You're following this?
I know.
Linda England come to mind, trailer trash, Jerry Springer show, Ricky Lake.
44 year old born again Christian woman, married with kids, living in the south, probably in a trailer park.
And she's reading the pop profits books, Armageddon, desecration, the unraveling, sold something harvest.
All of these things.
And left behind.
And of course when it comes to the trailer, the trailer trash, they're bigger than the...
Bracko!
...behind, you know?
That's what I hear.
You know, some of them trailers are just as nice as your little girl.
That's what Linda England said.
She said she was bigger than the old behind.
And we have a video.
In fact, she likes to spank it.
A lot.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
I'll tell you one thing.
I like these two and a half hour show as my God.
The pressure is unbelievable.
We got to really move fast here and get all of our crap in and then just the mosey on out of here.
Real fast, which makes for a nice early lunch.
Here's your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs.
Uh huh.
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business.
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services,
and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be a lot more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at 1-866-Adoasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you like a free evaluation.
No obligation just call that toll free number.
1-866-Adoasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
My, my, and local.
Here's Sports Video 560.
You, A.M.
Here.
Absolutely.
Ow!
Back in the day when someone done a strong...
We didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, or when the Japs dropped their bonds, we bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that Saudi who loving, retired, points the bombers the wrong way.
Outsourcing.
And of embarrassed to be in America where they follow books like sheath.
The United States of America is led by Bush and his family, breathing at this country.
Family talk to the largest states and our history.
I don't want to be a tax America.
In the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the nest.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously, is a fortune.
To be.
And of embarrassed to be in America where we pay triadily.
Wave of flag in one hand with our head in the sand.
And lightly follow the powers that we have pathetic.
And all that, all that, all that, all that.
Watching state produce on a 65-inch screen.
Scratcher, fine, everything's okay.
In the USA.
Oh my God.
I'm 47, man.
I'll tell you this show is going by like lightning.
And I'm in the Tampa Bay Lightning.
What a job they did, huh?
Two on winners over the flyers on Saturday and a nail-piter.
And like I said, the networks are not the CBC.
They're happy.
They got a Canadian team in there.
Calgary, all the who cares about them.
But the ABC people are just plots in in their pants.
They're so happy they gave that contract over to NBC for next year if there is one.
Please, here you take it.
It's kind of like those keys to the Kingdom in Iraq.
You take it.
No, I don't want to.
Anyway, wanted to listen to this.
Okay.
Rick Goldstein in the Asia Times.
It's on our website.
Bergby heading no way, say medical experts.
American businessman Nicholas Berg's body was found in the eighth near Baghdad near an overpass.
A video of his supposed decapitation death by knife appeared on an alleged al-Qaeda linked website on May 11th.
But according to what both a leading surgical authority and noted forensic death experts separately told Asia Times online,
the video depicting the decapitation appears to have been staged.
Did you actually ever watch it?
No, it didn't.
I could watch it right now.
I missed it.
And what do you want to know?
Didn't it appear to have been staged?
No, it didn't look like it was staged to me.
It looked real.
It looked real.
It looked authentic.
Very.
He fought back when they pushed him down on the ground.
Well, he was tied up.
He was out.
Yeah, it's fine.
He did.
There wasn't any indication of him like Duyene.
I'm going to watch it right now.
I certainly would need to be convinced if the decapitation video was authentic, Dr. John Simpson, executive director for surgical affairs at the Royal Austral Asian College of Surgeon said from New Zealand,
echoing Dr. Simpson's criticism when this journalist asked forensic death expert John Norby, PhD and fellow of the American Board of Media Medical Logical Death Investigators,
whether it believed the burgde decapitation video had been staged, Norby replied, yes, I think that's the best explanation of it.
Questions of when the video's footage was taken and the time last between the shooting of the video segments were raised both by experts reflecting a portion of the broader and ongoing video controversy.
Norby, speaking to Asian times online from Washington State noted, we don't know how much time wasn't filmed, adding that there's no way of knowing whether footage is contemporaneous with the footage that follows.
While the circumstances surrounding both the video and Nick Bruce last days have been the source of substance and speculation, both Simpson and Norby perceived it as highly probable that burgde had died sometime prior to his decapitation,
a factor in this was an apparent lack of the massive arterial bleeding such an initiate.
I would have thought that all the people in the vicinity would have been covered in blood in a matter of seconds if it was genuine said Simpson, notably the acts perpetrators appeared far from so.
And separately, Norby observed, I think that by the time they're on his head, he's already dead.
Providing another basis for their findings in the course of such an assault, an individual's autonomic nervous system would react typically doing so strongly with the body shaking and jerking accordingly.
And while Norby noted that they rotated and moved ahead, shifting vertebrae that should have initiated such actions, Simpson said he certainly didn't perceive any movements at all in response to such efforts.
During the period when Bruce captures film that he capitation sequence, circumstances indicate that he had already been dead quite certain length of time, but more than however long to be heading took Simpson stated.
Both Simpson and Norby also noted the difficulty of providing an analysis based on the video, the inherent limitations presented by this, but also both felt that burgde had seemed drugged.
A particularly significant point in the video sequence occurred as Bergs captures a tact in bringing these supposedly fatal knife to bear, the way that they pulled them over they could have used a dummy at that point reflected Simpson regarding with the video portrayed.
Separately, Norby said Bergs does not appear to register any sort of surprise or any change in his facial expression when he's grabbed and twisted over and they start to bring the weapon into use that parts from.
Subsequently, Norby said it was likely that the filming sequence was manipulated at the point immediately preceding this, allowing Bergs corpse to be used for the capitation sequence.
Norby also emphasized that the video raises more questions than it answers with the most fundamental questions of who you are and how did you die being impossible to answer from it.
But broad speculations exist regarding a number of factors surrounding both Bergs death and the video and its timing in regard to revelations of US prison atrocities.
In a May 13 article, the Arabic newspaper Al-Jazeera reported that they do by-based Reuters journalist first broke the story, but while Fox News CNN and the BBC were able to secure the video from the Arabic-only website that hosted it, Al-Jazeera was unable to locate it.
And also on May 13, the Associated Press reported that the US CIA had determined that the Abu Masha'a Balsaqari was the individual who would be headed burg.
Since Secretary of State Colin Powell's UN presentation of February 5, 2003, Al-Jazeera has been portrayed as the single most dangerous element facing the Bush administration's war on terror.
Powell's UN presentation has since been widely accepted as empty, nevertheless Al-Jazeera appears to have surpassed even Osama bin Laden as the administration's number one terror target.
And on May 15, Brigadier General Mark Kimit the coalition provisional authorities' cheaper-back military spokesman declared that Al-Jazeera will eventually be caught, though that may prove especially difficult.
On March 4, Brigadier General David Rodriguez of the Joint Chiefs of Staff revealed that the Pentagon didn't have direct evidence of whether he's Al-Azakari meaning alive or dead, providing commentary on the nature of prior evidence linking Al-Azakari to attacks and bombings.
But that same day, AP reported that an Iraqi resistance group claimed Al-Azakari had been killed the April prior in the US bombing of Northern Iraq.
Speaking off the record, intelligence community sources have previously said they believe it is very likely that Al-Azakari is indeed long since dead.
Such a fact makes Al-Azakari's alleged killing a burglar difficult to reconcile, and has been broad speculation that braving Al-Azakari is an administration ploy, further anomalies surrounding Brigadier's death of fuel added speculation.
According to emails sent from a US consular office in Baghdad, Beth Payne to the Berf family, Nick Berg was being held in Iraq by the US military in Mosul.
A May 13 AP report notes that the US State Department's spokesperson subsequently said this was untrue and error, and that Berg was being held by Iraqi authorities.
But another May 13 AP report quoted police chief Major General Muhammad Kair Al-Bahawi is claiming that reports of Iraqi police having held Berg were baseless.
And Berg has seen on the beheading video tape in what appears to be US military prison issue clothing sitting in what appears to be a US military-type white chair virtually identical to those photographs used as Abu-Grey prison.
However, the taking of hostages occurred in the region and beheadings are not unheard of.
According to a February 2003 report by Human Rights Watch on September 23, 2001, Radical Islamist kept it a group of 25 Kurdish fighters in the Iraqi village of Kilehama.
Some prisoners' troats had been slid while others had been beheaded HRW reported noting that the television station Kurdsat had broadcast pictures of the dead, that September 26.
The report also noted that a video tape apparently filmed by those committing atrocities had been found.
The strict Islamist community in Iraq denied that the acts were committed by their people stating that the incident was fabricated.
Additional reports of beheadings also exist, with the victims usually noted as killers with a bullet before the beheading occurs.
But HRW's report also raised the issue that Berg's video makers and Berg's father both raised prisoner exchange.
HRW noted that Iraq's radical Islamist did pursue a change of captors, and the Berg video specifically noted that his captors claimed that they were killing him as their attempt to exchange Berg had been rebuffed by US authorities.
Berg's father Michael is press the administration of US President George W. Bush's regards what the facts of this allegation are with the administration denying any knowledge that such a trade was offered and added questions still exist.
Because Iraq's radical Islamist speaking in a particular manner, lived by a closely prescribed code, apparent contradictions between these ways in the way Berg's captors appeared has generated speculation.
Some observers have speculated on the possibility that the individual's weren't native Arabic speakers at all, conversely it's reported that in Saudi Arabia, where Shirui'a law allows for beheadings and cases of severe crimes, the condemned is heavily drugged with track-polises, prior to the execution, reportedly leaving them in a state similar to that which Berg appeared during parts of the video.
Again, Norby emphasized that the video raises more questions than answers.
And you saw it?
Yeah, I just watched it while you were reading that.
And, yeah, some of the points are valid. I mean, I saw blood dripping from the head, but I didn't see like it wasn't gushing.
If you know what I mean, there was just dripping, and he did seem very limp, so he could have been heavily drugged or even dead.
Now, everybody was piling on him, so it's not like he could have been doing a lot of struggling, but I didn't see any at all.
They were piling on?
He had with a dog pile.
Huh, kind of like Albu Ghrebal over again.
Well, they had to close on that.
Maybe they were playing a little gray bass.
And internally, you went audit finds that Switzerland's Kotechna inspection essay failed the staff key checkpoints, used unauthorized subcontractors and could have account for massive discrepancies between reported and actual shipments of aid.
Records from the UN agency cited by the Washington Times last week indicate that the discrepancies relate to the value of the shipments into northern Iraq.
What a rip off this is, man.
The author was conducted by the UN Office of Internal Oversight Services and covered a five-month period ending in October 2002.
The auditor's found that Kotechna did no independent inspections on nearly a billion dollars worth of US aid shipments in the contract's first three years.
Other regularities include payments to Kotechna for contract employees who never worked, despite four years of complaints from UN officials, unauthorized use of UN Medical and Office facilities by Kotechna staff, and hiring of a subcontractor in violation of the bid terms.
And its application with the Iraqi Trade Ministry registered as the registered contractor, Kotechna was not recommended in either case.
Sounds like Halibut now over again.
Man, oh man, the money that's changing hands, the money that's being sucked up, grabbed up, topped up.
But hey, it's all worth it. You know, you don't understand that, don't you?
Sure. Good.
So you saw that video now. Should I take a look at it?
Do you have a video?
It's really not a big deal. I mean, there's a lot of yelling going on and the the sign of the neck last for way longer than I would have wanted it to.
Yeah.
It wasn't fun to watch.
No.
I didn't have a good time watching it.
Right.
But did anybody yell out?
I'm dying out of here.
Did you hear that?
There's a lot of yelling.
Like, everybody there.
There's all those eight guys or whatever it is and they're all yelling eight.
Whatever, however many there are.
There were like four or five plus.
Maybe five. Yeah.
There's a lot of yelling going on.
Very chaotic.
And the camera was moving around very shaky like does that gladiator movie and there's an obvious edit from the time they jerk him to the ground.
Ah, they start sign very obvious edit in the video.
1157 at 560.
Your gruesome station WQM for years have been here about a laser recharge the toner and recharge cartridge specialist when you call a laser recharge at 800 to 897 9212.
You'll deal with just Bob who supplies businesses with a complete line of printing and office equipment supplies.
Alaser recharge has ink jets thermocarboned paper supplies and other provide service support and maintenance for most makes and models of machines to make them run just like brand new again.
Call 800 to 897 9212 right now.
In most cases, you'll have what you need within 24 hours.
Alaser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing.
All the cartridges sold by Alaser recharge are.
Remanufactured not refilled.
Anybody can sell you a cheap refill cartridge but cheaper is certainly not always better.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only way to go.
Alaser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers and faxes along with brother and Xerox drums.
Alaser recharge is part of their individualized service and offers no questions as satisfaction guarantee.
So if you need toner, cartridges or anything else just pick up the phone call just Bob from Alaser recharge at 1-800-287 9212.
Log into alaser recharge.com or call them today 1-800-287 9212.
My life and locals, this is 420560, QA2A.
Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on QAM.
His name is Ralph, he's a spoiler, he calls out Gordy a legend.
Now he is back, Gordy pushes back and carries his man.
He likes to get Ralph by the throne, he is afraid he might proc the vote.
But all of my friends with rings in their nose say they really like his run for clothes.
He is rough later boy, he is the harm red toy and that is good enough for me.
He's not a pretty face, too bad he can't win the race and that's good news for the G.O.P.
He is rough later boy, he knows how to annoy both of the two major parties.
All of my flat friends will look for him again cause he's safe, bad and he's speed.
He is rough later boy, he is the corporate joy and that is good enough.
Come on to the Marlon pregame, coming to the 1230, is this really possible?
Is it me or is it this thing is flown by like about 5 minutes, ain't it?
Right like nothing. Holy crap. Rick says just dropping a facts to say goodbye.
Goodbye. I just graduated my company, I've approved my transfer to Vancouver, right?
My flight leaves on Friday, I already said goodbye to Gordy.
Sorry for being such a chronic factor, that's okay Rick, you mean well, not always good, but you mean well.
By the way, front line will be having a special on how music is gone from being about music and just being about money and how the music industry is putting itself out of business.
With interviews with several famous musicians, keep up the fight. Good luck to you Rick, have a good time, eh?
And congratulations for getting out.
I wonder what we should play going into the ball game of the pregame.
Bussie. Alright. Huh?
How's that?
You got gangster, you're a rapier...
Yeah, let's play some gangster rap.
That's not gangster rap.
I'm just kidding, Jesus, when you calm down, you better learn you're a gangster rap mister cause you sure don't know it.
I know about Fiddy.
Gonna sit... yeah, you know about Fiddy, alright?
Yeah, I know about Fiddy pounds.
Fiddy pounds on each side that you ought to hear rid of, that's what you know. Fiddy.
Each by.
Prosecutor awards Michael Jackson may flee the US, honey like that.
Oh my God.
Michael Jackson's prosecutor is imposing a move by the pop singer to reduce his $3 million dollar bail,
arguing the performer might choose to live the rest of his life as a wealthy upsconder rather than face a life term in a California prison.
Just like O.J., all of his actions are those of a really innocent guy.
Right.
Man, they got his ass nailed.
The prosecution motion written by Deputy DA Gerald McFranclin.
What is that?
Gerald McC period Franklin.
What is that?
New set which it McDonald's for limited time.
I see.
To McC Franklin.
And it's a little carb.
I'll show you a few stands for it.
The Gerald McCurb Franklin.
Anyway, conceded that the county bail schedule cost very potential maximum bail afforded 35 grand for the child molestation and conspiracy charges against Jackson,
but argued the performer is no ordinary defendant and the bail schedule does not apply to him.
He cited Jackson's holdings of 2000 acres in Santa Barbara County as well as other property that offended here.
Michael Jackson is an international celebrity.
The man is lifestyle today would have not had prepared him to a death readily to a prison environment and routine.
Oh yeah.
No kidding.
And whose physical statue will present its own problems for making the necessary adjustments.
Mr. Jackson is doubtlessly given those realities considerable thought.
In other words, what he's been thinking about is getting a being on a receiving end this time.
Big time because they don't like child molesters.
They don't like pedophiles and child abusers in the slammer in a big house.
Got it?
Yeah.
They don't take kindly this such people and they tend to house father gay into them by the way.
Anybody see him lately?
Oh.
How's father's gay's gone?
I'm sure he's in heaven.
Ryan Perry writes, this is also on our website and luckily so, 10 reasons Bush doesn't want you to see Michael Moore's new film like it could make him lose the next delusion.
Michael Moore for president.
Oh right.
Yeah.
How much of Beast could relate to him, big fat guy?
Scruffy.
Heck of a media at the White House.
All cap.
A new film ascending shockwaves through the US in general and the White House in particular hasn't even been released yet.
Fahrenheit 9-11, which this week got the longest standing ovation in Cannes Film Festival history, tells what its director Michael Moore ceases the truth behind the war in Iraq and on terror.
It is said to be so powerful it could tip the Weber's US presidential election against George W. Bush's morses.
We were able to get film crews embedded with American troops without them knowing it was Michael Moore.
They are totally effed.
Disney is refused to distribute the film in the state saying its content could upset the presidential elections.
Moore says that's precisely why the public should see it.
These are the 10 killer questions the film poses.
Number one, after the 9-11 attacks, why was the only plane to fly out of the US carrying 24 members of Osama Bin Laden's family?
In the wake of the attacks, the US became a no fly zone.
Moore asked, why did Bush allow private Saudi jet to fly around the US and that days after 9-11 to pick up members of the Bin Laden family?
And then fly them out of the country without a proper FBI investigation.
Might it have been possible at least one of the 24 Bin Laden's would have known something?
Two, are the media covering up abusive Iraqi prisoners under this illusion of American troops?
Moore's film shows soldiers hooting and mistreating Iraqi detainees and even shows troops taking it in turns to sexually abuse a drug elderly man.
He says this occurred outside the Abu Ghraib prison walls. The media is there every single day.
Why haven't they seen this? I don't think we've heard American soldiers in the field talk as they do in this film about their disillusionment and their despair about their questioning of what was going on.
Three, is Bush deliberately creating a culture of war to get poor American youth to fight his war?
Moore accuses the Bush administration of deliberately creating a climate of fear, especially by the instigation of the Department of Homeland Security to increase the numbers signing up for the armed forces.
He calls this the immoral act of sending kids to war on the basis of a lie. Four, how deep does the connection between the Bush family and Bin Laden family actually run?
Moore exposes business links between the Bin Laden's and the Bushes over the past 25 years. Bush senior became a highly paid consultant for the Carlisle Group, one of the nation's largest defense contractors.
One of the investors in Carlisle to the tune of at least $2 million was the Bin Laden family.
The campaigner says the Bin Laden family have extensive dealings with large companies in the U.S.
They've donated $2 million to Bushes on the modern Harvard, their own property in Texas, Florida and Massachusetts.
In short, they have their hands deep in our pants.
Five, just how sinister was the White House's doctrine of Bush's military record?
Moore suggests that far from being simply an exercise in proving that Bush attended to his National Guard duties, the White House version also sought to add evidence that Bush and his associates had close ties with various Saudi oil companies.
He also suggests that a former military pal of Bush, James R. Bath, once sold a plane to the Bin Laden family.
Six, did Bush miss an opportunity to nail Bin Laden during secret talks with the Taliban?
Moore claims that while Bush was governor of Texas, he built a relationship with the Taliban rules of Afghanistan.
He met in Texas to discuss a project to build a natural gas pipeline from Turkmenistan to Taliban-controlled Afghanistan into Pakistan as we've talked about many times on his show.
Representatives of the Bush administration met the Taliban in the summer of 2001.
Moore says they ignored the Bin Laden issue and were preoccupied with oil.
He asked, was Bush discussing their offer to hand over Bin Laden?
Was he threatening them with force?
Was he discussing a new pipeline?
Seven, why does the Bush family have a special relationship with the Saudi royal family?
More than 1.5 million barrels of oil needed in the US daily from the Saudis could vanish on a royal whim, so we begin to see not only how Bush, but all of us are dependent on the House of Saud says more, this can't be good for national security.
Moore also refers to Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the Saudi ambassador of the US, who's nicknamed Bandar Bush because of his close links with the President.
Despite increasing evidence linking the 9-11 neutrality to Saudi militants, Bush still met Prince Bandar for dinner two days later.
Eight, was Bush spending too much time on holiday to concentrate on terrorism.
Bush was on holiday for 42% of the eight months before 9-11, letting his guard down according to Moore, and a 9-11 commission hearing CIA director George Tenet admitted he had known since August 2001.
That's the Carus Musawe, the only man charge in connection with 9-11, had been taking lessons on how to fly 7-47.
Tenet claimed he didn't tell Bush because the President was on vacation.
Nine, did Bush panic when he was told about the attack on the Twin Towers?
On the morning of September 11th, President Bush was posing for cameras at a children's literacy event in Florida.
Moore has previously unseen footage showing the rabbit and car headlights expressed on the President's face when he's told about the second plane hitting the Twin Towers.
A stop-box appears in the corner of the screen as the minutes tick by, and the President keeps reading, my pet goat, not knowing what to do without his advisers to tell him.
Moore says was Bush thinking he should have taken reports of the CIA had given him the month before more seriously, that he even told Al Qaeda was planning attacks in the US, and that planes would possibly be used or was he scared witless, or something that rhymes with that.
Ten, did Bush manipulate the major US media companies to fix his 2000 election win?
Bush's cousin, John LSA Fox News Executive, was instrumental in calling it for Bush Chaney on election night and cowed the other network scene to joining in.
This confusion helps set the scene for the debate that ended his election despite Al Gore winning the popular majority.
At the start of Fahrenheit 9-11, the major players are seen smirking and preening themselves.
Here they are, Moore narrates, the whole corrupt gang who fixed the 2000 election.
I'm so losing correct. Can't wait for that movie to come out soon. Right now. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Well, as a matter of fact, instead of having Bush on TV tonight, let's show the movie.
Alright. What do you say about that? So I guess we don't have that copy now, huh? Not now. Not now, not ever.
I thought that.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
He did more things with his mouth than Courtney Love could ever dream of doing.
He was Bobby McFarron.
Be happy.
Oh, no, not that song. I have to interview that guy.
According to information posted by VH1 on their website, Bobby McFarron creates music by, quote,
beating noises out of his entire body while emitting a constant accompaniment of guttural noises, clicks, and popping sounds.
Unfortunately, this also describes a huge percentage of crazy people who like McFarron live in New York City.
Excuse me. I'm from inside of behind. Where are you, Bobby McFarron?
Excuse me, sir. Are you Bobby McFarron?
No worry. Me happy.
Wait, I think it's Bobby McFarron.
No worry. Me happy.
Because George W. Bush is an alien. And John Carrier's jam, please bring him into his pants.
Oh, man, we were so close.
No worry.
Be happy.
Unable to locate Bobby McFarron, we were forced to contemplate his rather annoying little song.
It's a crock of you know what?
Jack Forrest is a Des Moines resident who, at the peak of the song's popularity in 1988, fell into a threshing machine.
People would come up to me in my wheelchair, my heads in a brace, I'm in a full body cast.
I haven't yet regained the power of speech, and they're singing that freaking horrible song to me.
Don't worry. Be happy.
Bleep you Bobby McFarron.
I said bleep, because I figured you wouldn't let me say f***ing am I right?
Bobby McFarron.
Bad music is not a victimless crime.
It's a big juicy, sobbing with look at your business tonight, but inside of our mind.
From 16, we got the pregame at 1230 to Marlins in the Diamondbacks in 105.
That's a bad name for a baseball team, even though they did win the world a serious couple of years ago.
Bad name. The Arizona Diamondbacks?
Throw it that.
The Shakes.
It sucks.
It's a horrible name.
And I notice, I know what it is, but it's just a bad name for a bit.
Now what the hell would you know about it?
What do you know about sports names?
Names?
No, you don't. Not about sports names.
Yeah.
Diamondbacks, like the devil raise was good, and then the people over in the table.
Oh, the devil's in there.
We got all the devil worshipers on a ball.
So it just is raised.
White socks is a good name.
I remember, did I say that this is a good name?
Yeah, there's way worse names than Diamondbacks.
The Cubs is cute.
Cute.
Yankees is a good name, even though I hit them like poison.
The Yankees.
The Yankees make me sick.
The Red Sox is not a good name.
There's White Sire.
How about when they call the White Sire to pale hose?
Huh?
Yeah.
You never heard that before?
No.
And you're supposed to be working in the sports department, you know, that they call them the pale hose?
You ask anybody who will be in the age of five.
Go ask him, Alden.
He'll tell you.
That's what we call the power of 96 interns.
Pale Hose.
I thought that was screw-in.
The old pale hose.
Anyway, let's get back to the poll result.
That's what they're called.
That's their nickname.
Yes.
Like the every team has got not just their regular name, like Toronto Maple Leafs.
They're called the Buds.
You know Maple Leafs, the Buds.
Every team has got like a secondary nickname, okay?
The White Sox are called the pale hose.
Look at a bomb line.
They'll have it there.
Look at pale hose.
And the Red Sox are called the bloody hose?
The Clarence has to do that.
Yes, he Clarence do it because he's a real sports.
They're not made believe like you.
You better start, you know, mending your fences with that child.
Boning up.
Okay, that right now.
Because it seemed to me they're unfrighted that there was more than meets the eye.
Which of these best describes?
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Which you believe?
565 votes.
It's all a pile of bullshit as far as religion is concerned.
230.
Can't we just get rid of it?
Please, just give us...
I'm going to tell you if we had one year...
Listen to me.
I'm listening.
If we could have one year without religion anywhere in the world.
It's...
I'm like, where's that magic wine?
There you go.
And it just came down from somewhere.
And everybody just had like an instant lobotomy and all those phony baloney,
all that god bull crap and heaven and all these fantasy,
these wild stories just vanished from everybody's mind.
They'd wake up the next morning like, oh, how come I hate you?
We'd have to find something new to fight about.
Yeah, and of course that would take a long time.
Maybe we could do a little damage repair during that period of time.
Anyway, 230 states of polycrap, a croc.
I'm agnostic.
I don't know.
157.
Well, you better start finding out.
Better mend your ways with the Lord.
Okay, before it's too late.
Before that 700 serpent starts that are coming down.
You know what that meant?
That was a metaphor for a Rome.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because Rome is known as the city of seven hills.
That's right.
Right.
Anyway, I'm agnostic.
I don't know.
I think it's like a 159.
There is a hell and we're in it.
We're living in at 72, which can mean several different things,
all of them probably true.
There is a heaven and a hell of 51.
There is not only...
What is it?
Well, this is not worded the way I wanted.
Eric, there is no hell only heaven, 20, or whatever.
There is a heaven and a hell and purgatory, 20.
So we're going to be busy.
And Armageddon is coming soon.
16.
Oh, my god.
When I wrote Armageddon like to present it says,
we're all going to be dead anyway,
so what difference does it make?
That was a great line, too, that he got off the hook.
How come he keeps getting off the hook with all these idiotic things he always says shut up, Tommy?
Oh, I'm sorry Paul the avalanche guy and Syracuse says the volume on your internet streaming is really low
I have a cranked up on WMP desktop and speakers can't hear it. Air America sounds great
Well, the difference being we're still gonna be on here in six months. That's a difference Paul
It says have George crank it in the volume to and then it says go flames. Oh, man Paul
And Syracuse. Yeah, we made sure we chopped up and we cut the audio way back for anybody in Syracuse anybody who's a flames fan
You know what I mean?
How many flavors and Syracuse? I'll get back to Nick Berg
Yeah, yeah
Spy games may have led to be heading says the inquirer
Nick Berg had a link to US intelligence inside our suspect Nick Berg the American be headed by terrorists was working in Iraq as US spy
It says for the next dimension point
That's the suspicion of some Washington's side is also suspect his links to espionage may have led to the gruesome execution caught on a videotape that horrified the world
Washington is right with rumors that Berg had a connection to US intelligence a well-informed source told the inquirer
Fueling this suspicion is that he had error-blanguage capabilities and he said to be a computer genius
Someone who was presumed prepared rather to brave the dangers of traveling to Iraq and apparently legitimate business trip
But obviously be of great interest to American intelligence for what he could find out
There's also a lot of suspicion that maybe Nick unwritten we got sucked into spy games that ultimately cost him his life
Berg's family claims the 26 year old Pennsylvania traveled to Iraq to drum up work for his radio tower business
But the inquirer learned there was no evidence that Berg's company from atheist methods tower service ink actually existed
Brian McDonald spoke from for Pennsylvania's corporation bureau said for Berg's firm was never registered
Berg was arrested by Iraqi police March 24th
Question repeatedly by FBI agents before he was released April 6th the agents
Wanted to know how his email password bought up in the hands of September 11th terrorist a
Zacharass Masawi that happened in
99 while Berg was a student at the University of Oklahoma and Masawi's enrolled at nearby fight school allegedly trained to be a kind of hijacker
And if a bizarre disclosure that may have led to his death Berg even confessed to one of his friends in Baghdad that there was a
Belief he was an agent of some sort. They thought he was a spy
It said
In a strange twist Berg was executed wearing what appeared to be a US issued orange jumpsuit normally worn only by US held prisoners
Bruce Houser her close neighbor with known birth since he was four years old till the inquirer
We'd like to believe it wasn't the Iraqi police who turned him over the kidnaps
So I guess they'd like to believe that it was the US authorities who turned him over
I mean was it with Emmett could better? I don't get that I'd like to believe it was Peter Pan. There we go. I like to believe
Gotta believe baby right gotta believe that happy
Busted yeah, see there you go
23 past 23 past noon is five sixty WQM if your carpets look like hell and that's that you want thing
That is there is a hell on your floor it can be your carpets if there's schmootsie if you have pets and kids and all of you above
They can really be in bad shape
But instead of wasting a lot of cash on brand new carpeting with costume arm and four legs
Cargo friends who drive concepts to the best in the world the best in business of bringing your carpeting back to life
With their exclusive pat the drag cleaning method. That's why I've used them in my homes for over 20 years
And once you come the first time you'd never dream of calling anybody else I gear up at your Georgia's life on it
They leave your carpets vibrant and color soft to the touch they smell emity fresh
They look like brand new they're drying a couple of hours
So you really can can clean today and entertain tonight
Call today and see how you can save in addition
They're already low priced and extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning
I haven't put you understand by listed drive concepts and please keep in mind no ripoffs no scams
They give you a guaranteed written price up front before they do their unbeatable job
Call them today. They'll never let you down call drive concepts tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5071
That's 1 800 2 4 8 5071 around the web it's drive concepts dot com
примерно local
rate his punish
There it is
What even loves neo-roggers
I'm telling you Moses was the wisest me.
How about you, Machuganah?
Abraham was devised as...
I'm telling you Moses!
Now I say Abraham!
Abraham!
Gentlemen, gentlemen, let us worse!
Amen, don't ask for help!
After a hard day arguing religious law,
these thirsty scholars aim for their favorite refreshments.
Israel Lightbeard.
The Hide!
It's on its way!
Israel Light.
Smooth as Lux and Green G.
And it tastes great!
But last a few minutes...
...taste great!
Last a few minutes...
There's a Dolby's Slamila taste!
Israel Lightbeard.
The Beard.
Chosen by the Chosen People.
First!
Hot Milla's currently blocked, though, whatever you just said, me.
Damn it!
You did that all the time, man.
It's not me.
You better get cut your sentence.
No.
Won't do it.
You got a non-block in it.
I'm putting that block around it.
Put in the outer part.
Good cock up, by the way, thank you.
Marlon Pregan Show, come on up now.
Is there anything in here I'm going to have to like, you know, there's no filthy words in here.
No.
We don't know, be so cocked, sure.
The radio, probably, son.
Is that what's the point, Jack?
Next stage function.
Try to think it's more stuff.
Okay.
Anyway, we've got the Marlon Pregan coming up in 1230, just a minute.
Then we got the Marlon's in the Diamondback's level 5.
Kimba Bocaper for the Humper.
How about 4-7 to 7-7 from Chula State to a highway Lacey got her a keen highlight of 7-7 to B-State to 10 for the big 10 and 8-10.
This is what's the most important thing.
I'm and I'm but if I go out there and don't remember what
in your own.
So trust in the yellow.
Live in your own.
First in Florida with an HD radio digital digital signal.
We are sports radio 5-6-E.
WQAM, Miami Ford Lutter Day.
