Here's the O.M. D.A.L.I. as you see, A.M.
On the next tipwood, David Milch's Burn of the Old West.
When Cowboys were smelly and used 500 cursewoods for seconds,
there's a new gunslinger in town to avenge the death of his friend, while Bill Lee...
Look, you do a f***ing Bucky's Park stranger.
Yeah, who did? For you.
I'm Buffalo Bearer. Mommy.
He's saying that!
Ted Blivby is Buffalo Bill.
You sure are fast on a f***ing draw.
I wouldn't be fast if I didn't put the lotion in a holster.
I'm a f***ing Bucky's stranger.
I've been through the terror for my nose-girding stroke.
That's about as close as we think after promoting the dialogue of a deadwood only on 8th.
The O.M.
10.156.00 W.D.Q.I.M. Happy Monday to you.
Two more dead soldiers in Baghdad just in the moments ago.
I can't even keep track anymore.
Although we don't have any names or any identities or any other stuff like Pat Tillman that CNN was hyperventilating about all weekend long.
I mean, just nauseam.
So I guess they must not be important people, right?
Of course not.
Whoever heard of them.
Exactly.
Anyway, here's the result of the poll.
Before we do that, guess who died?
That's the latter.
Besides American soldiers.
SD Lotter, very good.
She was 97.
Do we care about her?
No.
No.
Over a decade she built a multi-million dollar cosmetics empire with thousands of employees.
She died at 97.
That's plenty old enough.
I mean, are we supposed to be upset about that?
We think she was 97.
She never really told anybody.
Really?
Yeah.
How do we know that?
Do we just make up a number?
It looks like 97.
But before we were able to talk about the long-o bit that I saw over the weekend.
Yeah.
We're pretty sure it was 97, but no one really knows.
Anyway, the worst top 40 hit song of all time that was our poll on over the weekend.
And amazingly, after trailing, look at this final total here.
Wow.
It was neck and neck between two songs, Macarena.
And of course, Neil, you went out over the weekend and bought these records, didn't you?
No.
No.
Well, I'm sure that they expect me to be doing that because, well, I mean, if you're going to talk about these things, we want the...
There you go.
That's what you need to know that.
Yeah.
And Aiki Brickyhart.
The best part, neck and neck, nose to nose, Macarena etched it out.
Lois del Rio.
244.
Aiki Brickyhart.
Vilires Cyrus.
242 genetically challenged.
Another nose-picking country Yahoo.
244 to 242.
Heavy duty.
Nobody else even close to those two.
Feelings, though, by Morris Albert the cat 91.
I'm so proud of that.
That was good.
Good choice.
This go duck 87 also, Debbie Boone.
You like my life 87.
Speaking of Debbie Boone and the Boone family, boy, we got something exciting for you on our website today.
Coming back after 18 years in limbo is the Boone in the box.
I was so excited when I found it again.
I'll just aboutpeed my pants.
No, not for that reason.
86, Hustler Magazine, the anxious Larry Flint, found an old college photo of Pat Boone,
sticking his penis through a cardboard box.
Kids in college, they do wild and crazy things.
All of us never did stick our penis through a box.
But anyway, a cardboard box.
Just careful now.
Just be careful.
Don't discuss it's Monday.
Don't start using no excuses that you forgot about this.
Forget about that.
Anyway.
I don't want to upset it.
So we made a whole bunch of copies of that from Hustler Magazine.
And we sent out hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of copies.
Of course, that was in glorious, I guess, was black and white.
I don't know.
Maybe somebody still got one of those.
Blackers item, maybe we can sell them on eBay.
And so there's an article on the drudgery tort.
Not the drudgery port occurs because Miss Fudge,
although I'm sure Miss Fudge right now is frantically checking our website for that story.
See a Pat Boone with his penis sticking through a cardboard box.
I just mentioned it.
It's called the Boone in the box.
And then Hustler Magazine got wind of it and they got all bent out of shape.
And they said, I don't send any of those out again.
And for whatever reason.
Anyway, so Debbie Boone, you light up my life with or without your penis sticking through a cardboard box.
And this go duck 87, who let the dogs out, tiptoe through the tulips time with 72.
Have a my baby.
And don't worry.
Be happy 58.
Ice Ice Baby 46, Ebony and Ivey 37.
We built this city 35.
See that was number one in the, what was it?
The blender, maximum blender pull.
See.
The way down the list of ours.
Seasons in the sun by Terry Jacks.
34 Butterfly Kisses 33.
I'm too sexy 31.
Hmm.
Bob 23 Hansen.
Mandy 21.
Savings 17.
Donk Cachain 17.
What are you giggling about?
Nothing.
Still back on the Boone in the box, huh?
We are the world 16.
Turned between two lovers 16.
These boots are made for walking.
Ancestanatra 16.
Wait me up before you go, go.
Now that should handle a lot more votes.
They are WAM.
As Ancestan is disgusting as he is an individual George Michael.
Right.
When he was with that other screamer, I mean WAM was just the worst.
The alter.
Yeah.
Wait me up before you go, go.
Oh, brother.
Rico Swabe, MacArthur Park and Margaritaville.
And they're coming to take me away all head 14.
And after that, who cares, right?
Right.
So there's the worst songs of all time according to our astute audience.
Some of whom are left in town.
It's amazing to me.
What is the date?
It's the 26th of April.
And about 30%.
I would say about 30, man.
Of South Florida, at least, is just vanished already.
The snowbirds are gone.
Everybody's going on vacation.
They're just bailing out waiting for that first 97 degree in the shade day.
Four school children were killed by gunfire and bagged out yesterday.
Shortly after roadside bomb trip,
worked through a US military vehicle.
Some of us have said that children aged around 12 were shot dead by US troops who had opened fire randomly
after the blast on Canal Street in eastern bagged at least five of the people were wounded.
I just mentioned that in passing.
More of the ravages of war.
We got bigger fish to fry.
We got a very important fact here to start off our morning.
A typical South Florida facts.
When you say this is very typical, very typical.
Yes.
Let's start out your week with a real...
Stuh!
Yeah, let's stick it our foot deep inside your...
Let's go.
See how hard we can twist it.
And of course we're wearing pointed shoes.
With spurs.
Here's the fact sent this morning from J.J. in Pemberk Pines with a PO address.
I can see what I wouldn't want to put the real address.
Dear Neil, I'm writing to ask you to explain what the hell happened to the Neo-Rodger show
because if you think you're even close to what you were not all that long ago,
you not be speaking the same language.
Understandably so, we cannot agree all of the time.
But that was once what made your show great, the fact that you pissed me off 50% of the time.
All you do now is bash, bush, and run pulls on topics that are...
So inconsequential, there's no entertainment value whatsoever.
Recently I heard a caller ask you that when he goes to your website to vote and doesn't see a choice he liked,
he asked you to include a vote for not interested.
You blew him off, period.
Are you just marking time?
I mean, getting a paycheck is one thing, but earning it is another.
Have you ever seen a poll where they...
Because every website now has got polls.
Have you ever in your life seen a poll where it had a choice not interested in this?
Only in South Florida where they're so negative where they want a choice.
Oh, we don't like this poll. We're not interested.
If you're not interested, don't vote on it, Schmuck.
Anyway, it says, you can dissect this all you want.
You can be rate my thoughts all you want.
However, the fact remains, you know it.
I know it. Many listeners out there know it too.
They're all alternative, 610, 850 on the AM dial,
popping up out there in your time slot.
Now they do compete.
Yeah, 850, they got like a point to 001.
They don't even show up.
And 610, if you want to hear all right, we will.
They'd be my guest. Have a good time.
In the past there was only you.
It is a new day. Many years back I went into you in a duff on Pines Boulevard.
I wonder if they were coming their food.
All the food was soft and mushy for people who had their teeth in the glass.
I ran into you in a duff in Pines Boulevard when it was just about the only business out there.
I just wanted to say hello.
You were eating alone. I imagine you were on your way to work.
You were very gracious. And not the radio needle I appreciated then.
Just as I do now.
Give me back the real needle.
Sincerely, JJ would last name probably Phony in Pember Pines.
Or at least the first name is Phony.
I do like that to start off the week.
Typical, like you said.
Now if there are all these other great choices out there, JJ,
I just for the life of me can't imagine why you haven't chosen one yet.
Why you'd rather inflict upon me, especially since I was so nice to you
while you were coming your food out there at Duff's in Pember Pines.
I can't imagine why you'd want to inflict to start off my week of sour, nasty,
stoch in the back.
Because there ain't nothing wrong with his show.
Within the parameters of what we, of course, we can't do that.
We can't say that anymore.
But I think under the circumstances we're still doing swimmingly well, okay?
Oh, man.
The one thing I always have loved is people who have threatened to turn off the show.
We don't like what you're doing. It's not tailored to me.
I don't care about your stupid and constant wedges of poles.
It's not anywhere near what it used to be.
So there are other choices.
Well, there are so many great choices.
Why could you possibly?
I mean, look at the length of this thing.
Mm-hmm. Oh, I know.
What kind of person, seriously?
I have no life.
Would take the time, other than a South Floridian, of course.
What other kind of person would take the time to spew with such crap here?
It's just amazing to me.
In fact, probably this is the person who called and suggested that we put the not interested on the pole, you think?
Right.
They're very vehement about their apathy.
I see.
But how come you're not listening to all those other alternatives, like 850 on the dial from Palm Beach County,
which has got to have at least when the book comes out Thursday is a .002 maybe, they're moving on up.
And you got your, what's the guy that they put on in the morning now that schmuck?
That hoop was on IOD.
The right wing from Tampa, another one.
I don't know.
I don't even know what his name is. He's so famous.
And you got your rush and you got the billow Riley and you got all these other great choices.
How could you possibly be subjecting yourself to this, especially since I was so nice?
You can just do and put up with your crap and dust a hundred years ago where people were coming all that soft food.
Or anybody know he's going to change it.
I figure you're part of any minute now. He'll change his station.
Right. Now now he's heard me react and dissected and get all bent out of shape, which quite frankly I don't give a fly in.
How do you like that, JJ?
I do the best I can in my own humble way.
And that's it.
Nobody here is faking their way through.
If we wanted to think our way through, we could display music every day.
They couldn't do anything about that.
Nothing says we got to sit here and put up with a bunch of cranky clowns, cranky antholes.
Here's today's poll, which really out of frost or ants.
By the way, Pat Dillman died in Afghanistan.
Who's that?
Some football player.
Again, I don't want to diminish the fact that he made a sacrifice on all of this other.
But I mean, how come he's so much more important than everybody else who's dying over there?
We don't even get most of the names.
I see that must be it.
No, the word you're looking for is celebrity.
He was famous.
He was well known as opposed to all these other anonymous mucks who also see there's no draft right now.
And they're right now.
So all the people who are in the military putting their lives on the line, they volunteered.
They weren't probably expecting to go over there and be there quite so long.
But nevertheless, they volunteered.
Nobody held a gun to their head.
They're all volunteer military.
All right.
So you should be kissing all of their ass.
I'm getting the G.A. veil.
And this is the sick obsession with celebrity in America and the rest of the world too.
It's just pathetic.
Traffic is if somehow his life and his sacrifice was so much more significant than some puts from down the street named Tom Smith or whatever's name might have been.
Catarina Vitt.
There she is.
Figure skater.
I mean, I look for the bio one here and I'm not going to go through.
I spent eight minutes trying to find a biography on Catarina Vitt just to find out how old she is.
And I can't find it.
Vitt or without.
So there she is.
Vitt out close.
Catarina Vitt behind a beaded curtain.
So if you're over the age of 400 and you've got several pieces of ID, we would like to do a let you take a quick peek.
That's it. That's long enough.
The worst TV show of all time is see another inconsequential poll.
Now, I know it's Georgia's fault and Neal's fault.
Both of our fault.
The South Florida audience only re-response to this show and any show whether or not talking about either light bulb radio or sports with lists.
They like that.
They like having a list and we don't want 10.
We don't want to.
I got a couple for you.
No, you don't have a couple.
You have one.
Okay.
We're going to start based on that facts that you sent me that I just read.
I'm going to start being a real real.
Hard.
Huh?
A hard.
Prince.
At least the first four letters are right.
Three letters.
I don't even know.
Can we say that?
Prince?
No, prick.
No, that was not on the list.
No, it wasn't.
That was not on the list.
I'm going to start being a real prick.
How do you like that?
10, 13.
What do you mean starting?
You've always been a-
Okay.
At 5, 60, W, 2, 8.
I just-
I felt like a-
A stick.
Think about it.
For a virtual company that's succeed without any storefront locations means beating the competition on every dimension.
Even the fifth dimension.
That's what Dalmatris has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years.
When you call, 1-800-Matt,
if you'll get better prices, better delivery times, better customer service, better everything.
Dalmatris won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local tour to work for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before during an act of the sale.
Just like our sales department.
Not.
When you call 1-800-Matt,
if you're not one of their expert betting consultants,
you'll rest assured that you're getting the best possible mattress.
And they got all the top names that you know and love.
Seely, Serta, Simmons, King Quill,
Tempour, Pete, Experience of Ananas Foster.
At 1-800-Matt, if you'll discover this,
never an extra charge for same-day delivery.
Either Dalmatris takes same-day orders all day long,
from Kendall Astur, from Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
Remember when you call 1-800-Matt,
if you pick the date into our delivery window,
you want when you want the mattress delivered and guess what?
They show up when you want when you're going to be home.
They're proud of their delivery record.
I'm time deliveries.
99.7% of the time.
I'm one of the citizens of satisfied Dalmatris customers and you will be too.
So do what I always do when the old mattress is headed.
Make that one easy call.
1-800-Matt, so log on to mattress.com.
Dalmatris 1-800-Matt, T-T-R-E-S,
the easiest possible way to get you a great night's sleep.
For years to come.
My life and local, this is 4-Tradio by City.
Way to way, yeah.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
Announcing the show you've been waiting for, America.
It's Tonya Hiding's Ice Cafe.
Here's Olympic gold medalist, Katarina Vick.
Yes, skating to the classics.
Oh, nice split jump there.
Here comes her take off into a double lap.
Oh, she's down.
She's a magazine.
Now it's Brian Botano attempting a triple-sauce.
Oh, you were.
We got crazy.
A perfectly executed triple-gen assault by Tonya Hiding.
She's the precision team of Tonya Hiding, Jeff Gullily,
and her fat guy bodyguard wipe out skater after skater.
Oh, now Kristy, I'm a Gucci, Dalmatris.
It's fun for the whole family, especially if you're the Corleone Gari family.
Order your tickets for Tonya Hiding's Ice Cafe.
Steve Van Gulkross accepted.
That's our only bit with Katarina Vick and, uh, timely, right?
What?
What's not to like?
Speaking of timely, speaking of Duff's restaurant,
where all the food tasted the same, where you could gum it,
the macaroni and cheese tasted like the roast beef,
and the spaghetti tasted just like the mashed taters,
I'm serious about that.
It was the only place we ever had the mashed potatoes in a glass.
A couple on a low carb diet were kicked out of a buffet restaurant
after the manager said they'd eaten too much roast beef.
I heard that story.
This is in Salt Lake City, yeah, but I had an oral godfather,
and he ate no band leader.
Sweet, a mama.
I think it was the guy's name.
Sweet, a mama.
You can get fined for that.
Well, along with his wife, I've been on the Atkins diet for two weeks.
Was asked to leave after he went up to the buffet at the Chakorama,
and suburban Taylor's Voodoo to offer his 12 slice of roast beef.
And they said, Yamama.
It's so embarrassing, actually.
He said, Isabella Yoda, a mama's wife.
I don't understand.
There just seem to be more and more people now who don't have the same last name with their wife.
Right?
We went in the have dinner.
We were under the impression Chakorama was an all-you-can-eat establishment.
Not so said, Jack Johansson, the restaurant chain's district manager.
We never claimed to be an all-you-can-eat establishment.
He said, our understanding is a buffet is just a style of eating.
The general manager was carving the meat to's.
They became concerned about having enough for other patrons and asked,
a mama to stop Johansson, said, offended the couple asses or refund.
The manager refused to call police when they wouldn't leave.
The couple said they've eaten at Chakorama's 899 buffet,
at least twice a week, but did not plan to return.
It's kind of like that J.J. and Pemberg Pines won't be returning to the near Roger show
because it just ain't the same and who am I kidding, etc. and so on.
Right?
Right.
In fact, take a look right now at that phone.
We're doing a poll.
The worst TV show of all time.
Now we don't have any to start.
I didn't want to play that game.
We got one by Fax.
I told Josh about it already and then I added one.
Okay.
The Fax is a suggested survivor.
And I added Dr. Phil.
Oh, okay.
Well, at least it's current.
I mean, this is of all time,
but there is a lot of swill on right now.
And you can't say swill without Dr. Phil.
560560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Howard Stern, gigantic ratings in New York and Los Angeles,
getting millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars of free publicity
from all those detractor out there.
Our ratings come out on Thursday.
It's going to be real interesting to see.
Not so much what we do, what the Clear Channel doesn't do,
and especially WBGG, Man, O Man.
$4,000 FCC, fine, from I'm a stichin' a crank called Castro.
The radio station at crank called Cuban President Fidel Castro
and broadcasted recordings should be fine.
4 grand the FCC said they're finding everybody.
They keep saying,
Oh, we're fine.
The Spanish speaking host of the morning of high jinks
used snippets of an earlier prank involving
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez to move the call from receptionist
up the chain to Castro in a five minute broadcast June 17.
The host of the show on WXDJ, Joe Ferero, and Enrique Santos
fed pleasant feast of Castro before breaking in and calling him an assassin.
The conversation ended after Castro denounced the colors
with the stream of vulgarities.
The FCC concluded Friday that the stations had to be fine for the broadcast.
It rejected the station's plan that a rule requiring people be notified
before their voices are used as not applied to people in Cuba.
Oh, what a cover response that is.
Sure, sure.
The aim of the fine to request the cancellation of the reduction
of the fine required within 30 days.
It was unclear whether the station had been defined for the prank involving Chavez
five months earlier.
There's fine in everybody's insight.
In fact, in a 64-page filing with the FCC,
Infinity Broadcasting claimed that the commission
is abruptly and systematically altered almost every aspect of the indecency
enforcement in ways that dramatically undermine the loveliness of the overall scheme.
And they are absolutely correct.
Yes.
Last month, the FCC announced it would find infinity for references to
sexual and extratory activities in hour when children may have been listening.
If the FCC proceeds with it, proceeds with it's fine,
infinity can appeal to a higher authority,
to a federal court for Hebrew National.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Maybe we'll get a call from JJ today, you think?
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Can I have a quick address?
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have one for your call.
That Rick Sanchez show.
No, no.
The Rick Sanchez show is a great choice.
OK, I'll do very well in South Florida.
Good thing I didn't vote yet.
Yeah.
I saw about three minutes of that one day and it just made me want to cry.
I brought a tear to my eye.
It was absolutely unbelievable.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Nobody, not there.
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Good morning, Pally.
Hi, Pally.
How you doing?
All right, this one's really easy for me.
I'm going to say, hours, that show is on forever.
Nothing is funny.
All the characters, soft if you can still say that.
All the characters, OK.
Yes, sir.
OK, thank you.
Thank you.
Say hi to Alice.
OK, Alice, rantell.
5.670, we can't change the pull anytime Eric is ready.
He can take this other because he didn't have to do anything at all.
See what I mean?
Then you can add new ones on there.
Josh.
OK.
But I think for that to happen, he has to change the pull.
We don't really want to, uh, since, especially since we started on Thursday
and I might start pushing the Eric over the edge since he's so close already.
5.670, 5.60, pound, 5.60 on a AT&T.
But then again, what else is new?
W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how about he, huh?
He has perfect.
Good one.
This is going to be a long list.
Maybe we ought to do this till Thursday.
Just aggravate JJ in Pemberg Fives, who still tried to gum that boot at DUS.
First of all, what kind of an ad hole would be eaten at DUS?
Well, you were there.
Yeah, that's right.
Like I said, at least I admit it.
Almost close by my work.
I was on a way to W-I-N-Z, where we originated the old boon in the box.
I can't believe I found that again.
Did you take a peek at it?
Oh, yeah.
You peeked at it.
Well, see, first of all, you got to click on the link to the original story.
So I'm always going to come up on that by-
Thank you, Hally.
Thank you, Hally.
Bye, action.
Thanks, Hally, for that stuff in the box.
WNQ-WAM, hello, clear box.
Hey, this is Jimmy.
This is Jimmy Johnson, JJ.
How you doing?
Okay.
How about you?
How's it going, JJ?
Pretty good.
My vote is for...
Nice haircut, by the way.
Oh, thank you.
My vote for He-Ha and Buck Rogers, that's two.
Okay, that's two.
Well, somebody else said He-Ha.
So Buck Rogers is the worst TV show I hate.
Whatever he says.
How about Neil Rogers on Whammy?
That was pretty bad.
We'll just call you Buck for sure.
And the good thing is we can still say...
Whammy!
God, it sucks.
Absolutely.
Yeah, we can still say that.
How loud.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T horizon wireless line.
Man, how they might of fall in God.
Remember those great days when the show used to be good?
No.
Why can't I remember that far back?
Somebody QA him, hello?
QA him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 60, pound.
It would be a shame for me to go on with an actor.
I'm a nice one, wouldn't it?
Because I know the best.
What is it?
Hi, Appali.
What do you got?
Hi, Appali.
What do you guys think?
Little house in the street.
Little house on the...
I'll say one thing, man.
There's your whip up.
Hi, Appali.
Yeah, they're a frenzy.
Well, must be all of them people at the Marling games.
Again, I don't want to do this twice in a row, but I'll do it again.
It's amazing to me.
It's a real tribute to the fascination, the desperation of the people
that start with a landsound of something good.
With those 42,000 people on Saturday and other 28,000 yesterday,
even though they lost two out of three of the braids.
But they're just packing them in.
What was it about 32,000 Friday, I think?
They had three mat...
Well, Josh would know.
He's probably was out there with some free tickets.
They've had massive crowds out there.
Right, a few mongers.
And especially when you consider that the town is as barren as...
What's her name?
Rosio Dahl.
That's my TV show for the pool.
Rosio Dahl, see second great minds work alike.
26 past 10 at 5.60, QAM, where we used to be pretty good.
Come on, I'm I.
And local.
This is 4.205.60.
You're way, way, yeah.
Tonight, on Afghan Channel One, the hilarious new sitcom,
Just Shoot Everybody!
Tonight's episode, Osama Bane, is haunted down by the infidels
and starts shooting everybody!
I'm shooting now!
Salah Van Clarex begins to smuggle family members into Pakistan and their terbencies.
That's a magic in your terben?
Are you just glad to see me?
Josh Shoot Everybody!
Tonight on Afghan Channel One, followed by suddenly sanctions.
It's TV to die for.
Speaking of that, thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices.
They just showed a clip. Did you see it on CNN?
Were you on there?
No.
247.9 for Premium Unlimited out in California.
248.
Two and a half bucks a gallon, baby.
Thank you for those low gas prices.
At any rate.
I didn't realize when I, because this pool here,
and of course we do rack our brains to come up with something different,
something we haven't done exactly the same way before.
How many thousand pools have we done already?
About 30, man!
Yeah, so it's a little bit different, and spider-what JJ says blow it out to your ass.
That kind of thing.
But I never realized how this could be going forever,
because there's so many bad shows.
But amazingly, look what seems to be taking the early lead.
Great surprise.
Oh!
The rich ranch-ass show.
Alright.
They hate you, Rick.
Even worse than they hate, uh, what's his name?
Greg Vudell.
Hmm.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's the name.
That's the name.
That's the name.
Yeah, sir.
How are you, buddy?
How's the weather in T.O.?
It's, uh, toasty.
It's 58 today.
Not too bad.
Sweet.
I got two things waiting.
Yes?
Number one is, uh, the gas prices.
I said all way before that book by Woodward even came out.
That, you know, Bush is going to have to pull a couple of things out of his hat
in order to make himself look good before election time.
Welcome.
Yeah.
If you've noticed in the past, whether they be in the past, whether they be Republican or Democratic,
presidents, when the gas got out of control, the president always spoke up about it.
And this is the only president that hasn't mentioned not one word with the exception of maybe like a week or so ago.
He hasn't mentioned anything about that.
Well, who else off his boyfriend, Prince Bandar, and certainly not Prince Abdullah?
Well, I think that that probably confirms what Woodward said in his book is that right before the election,
after they find out some, of course, that the price of fuel is to come down and the president is to say, hey, see what I did?
Yeah.
And he's just doing it.
Don't know if somebody did all right.
Yeah.
Another thing is the polls, not your polls, but the polls like you see in the Washington polls or CNN.
Right.
They ask you a question.
In your opinion, do you think that these polls in any way are rigged?
You mean you're talking about like presidential polls?
Because, yeah, because, you know, if you look at it, they say, well, considering everything that's been happening
with Iraq war and all the deaths and the Mayhem and the money and the deficit and all of the problems that have been caused as a reason.
Well, I know where you're going with this.
Let me just cut you off to the past and tell you this.
I think probably 60% of the public are just dying to find somebody else to vote for beside Bush.
But you know what?
Kerry so far has been so marginal and so weak.
But he hasn't made the case.
But say that's your step because you look at the polls.
And I don't know who the first of all they've never asked me for my opinion.
Yeah.
I don't know who they're asking, but they're saying, well, 51 or 53% of the American people still feel that Bush should have gone into Iraq.
No, no, no, no, I got a better poll than that for you.
And I don't want to spend all day on this, but I got a much better one that that'll really get you depressed and you want to blow your brains out.
57%.
This poll was just taken over the weekend.
I got to hear somewhere in my palm.
57% of Americans continue to believe that San Jose gave substantial support to our cut-it-tarrers before the war of the war.
And at monitoring what are these people reading?
Where are they getting their information from?
CNN.
I love you, Neil.
See you.
Certainly not news.
You're the evil empire of CNN.
You people are a crook, okay?
Let's see a fact from Jeff.
I still need to hear Geldy's run when he touches Moe's bag.
Please talk about the cruise.
Oh, geez.
Please talk about this.
Please talk about that.
Please don't talk about this.
Please, whatever you do.
I'll talk about that.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do and we can we say do do do.
No, okay.
I can't even say do do no more.
Much less do it.
And whatever you do.
It ain't enough.
Don't do it.
Yeah, that's right.
All the instructions all the time.
5670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Would you marry me to get me legal?
WQAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
And you have over your poll.
Yes.
The end of the course mission.
And of course, the okay.
The actual in choice as in.
Okay.
See, it'll take a lot of a long list on here before we just start getting much response.
No, seriously, because there's only 54 votes and that's because they haven't seen the one they would vote for yet.
Well, they better get busy.
Rick Sanchez showed 25, Dr. Phil 11, Rosio Donald 5, survivor 5, he, haw 4, Rosanne 2, Buck Rogers,
one little house on a prairie one.
Nine yet for Alice, lost in space, but loveboat.
Where did those come from?
Oh, faxes.
Loveboat.
That's a good choice.
Yes.
For renders, grotesque.
We pre-cute that inducing.
That nice fax just said loveboat on the fax and, you know, that's it.
Right, just one, not a whole list.
Just right to the point.
The whole fax that went to you because they got artwork also.
See, the thing with the loveboat is they always brought, they like jack Jones and all these other washed up old marginal entertainers.
You know what I'm talking about.
I was, these people couldn't get any other work in a business.
So they, they would show up on the loveboat and you were just praying that it would do another Titanic routine.
It was to keep the artists working while they were on hiatus from other shows or in the news.
On hiatus rojects.
Somebody QA and hello.
Yes, good morning.
Yes, sir.
I'm speaking.
Speaking.
What about the magic Johnson chat show?
Magic Johnson chat show with obnoxious.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Cheers.
5 6 7 0 5 60 prime the chat show.
The bridge new call talk shows chat shows.
You didn't know that.
Yes, I do.
I see.
And they also say don't say it.
I'm not whatever they say.
You can't say it anymore.
WQA.
Oh, man.
That was a extra allowable.
Not a good one or what?
Man, that will work.
Yeah.
WQA.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Is this WQA?
This is WQAM.
Great.
This is I'm calling it Q stands for queer.
Yes.
In fact, you I am stands for queer is me.
Quiris.
It's the big one.
Me.
Gay.
Me.
Who's to me?
How you doing?
Al Fagarito.
Pretty good.
That was good.
I like it.
Go ahead.
Hey, listen.
I'm trying to find out what.
I apologize, by the way, the show is good as it used to be before we got the facts from JJ, but we're trying to put it up.
Go ahead.
This is Leo.
What's the name of the law firm that you recommend for tickets?
The one?
Oh, you're talking about the ticket defense team.
Right.
1-800-741-836-18741-Team-TEM.
836-6, great.
Don't do it again, Pali.
All right, buddy.
Please hold on.
Slow your ass down.
Or they're going to drag it away.
5-670-5.
I haven't heard from JJ yet.
And Pember Pines, he or she or it or whatever it is, is probably just twisting that dial, twisting the day away.
Just reaching, praying to find something really entertaining, like the Clark Webber show.
Now, what is that guy's name that they piped in from Tampa, from FLA?
I can't even think of his name.
Another right-wing, another Rush clone.
WDQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, I got one for you.
How about you fix your life with Groucho Mark?
That was the worst show ever.
Hey, yeah, I thought that was...
Even when the duck dropped out, you didn't like it?
WAAAAK!
Okay.
Wow.
You guess he didn't like George Speneman?
How could anybody not like Groucho?
It was a good show.
It was fun.
I mean, the prizes were like $50.
Of course, it was a long time ago.
Back in the day, when $50 was worth like maybe $55.
But how could anybody not like that?
But again, we're asking you, your opinion, the worst TV show of all time,
is you bet your life he said, with Groucho and Groucho don't care no more.
Speaking of that, Jack O'Sacco, we got that story about Jacko's new lawyers now.
I'm so sick and tired of him, you know what?
Islamic groups, he's firing a radio host in Boston,
priest charged in 1980, killing of none.
See, I'm just reading headlines from some of these ahead of time before I ever get into them.
So then that way they won't waste their fax paper, with more of the same crack.
I bet the local, these things, he's five cities, the radio's all yours.
You win!
I know, recorded in front of the tape audience, a beautiful, televised sunny Hollywood, California.
Disturbed by the angel.
Kathy?
Yes, Mom?
Are you having that not-so-fresh feeling?
How'd you know?
Mom's no-these things.
Hello?
Oh, it's you.
Now come over here.
Mom, who's that?
It's...it's Delegrease.
Mom?
What's she doing?
I got a scream, that not-so-fresh feeling, I-
You're right.
I can't breathe.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus!
Mom, what's she doing?
Make her scream!
Mom, I just made her scream!
Get this...
Relax!
Mom?
Have I?
Yes, Kathy.
You've been duched by an angel.
Oh, Mom?
Oh, Kathy!
Oh, Delegrease.
You're an index freak.
And find out what happens when Delegrease meets Mr. Team from the A-Team.
What?
You want us to get in, mate?
All the three guns, to be heard!
Boy, it's a good thing we knew the context of that,
because that sound sounded awfully like something else that we can't do no more, you know?
I dumped it.
You did what?
I dumped that sound.
That wasn't the sound.
That wasn't what that sound was.
What sounded like it today?
That was not a fart.
I know.
But it sounded like one.
No, no, no.
See, that's a raspberry.
That sounds like one, too.
All right, well, I didn't want to have anybody...
Oh, my God.
Are you...
Are you smitten me?
I have no doubt at all.
What a class hole!
You know, all right.
Play it against the gun.
No, I'm not going to play it again.
Anyway, somebody says test by an angel.
I went through all difficulty of playing it, which I like that bit.
Delegrease.
And you dumped the part where the douching sound went on that.
You know a bunch of reactions that would occur.
I don't care what kind of reaction.
In fact, that's one of the reasons I wanted to play it just to get listed that kind of reaction
since he can't send me the toothbrushes because the company's too cheap to send me those radios toothbrushes.
You got me.
I'm going to tell that story.
Multi-million-dollar stock exchange listed company, Beasley Broadcasting.
Okay.
Now, every few months you're supposed to replace your toothbrush.
I'm one of those lazy slabs who doesn't do that.
And of course, you know, it's just not a good idea.
Right.
Now, for years now, I've been brushing my teeth with the radios toothbrushes.
If there's any one product that I enthusiastically recommend, and it's so good, that's probably
why you can't find it.
Right.
You go into like your Walgreens or records or anywhere, and you look for a toothbrush.
Where's the radios ones?
You know, they make a right-handed one.
The left hand ones got like the big head with a lot of bristles on it.
And it's great.
You can't find it.
No.
80 million toothbrushes is there.
Now, I did find one at Walgreens when I was home.
I should have brought it here with me, but I left it down here because, you know, I got
all the stuff in Miami and all the stuff here, too.
So I don't have to slip it all around.
I figured no problem.
I'll go to a shopper's drug mart here at Toronto, and I'll buy me a radios toothbrush.
Did I find one?
No.
Can't find them.
So then I thought, well, I'll be a little more creative.
I'll go online and see just per chance if maybe from Amazon.com or eBay or somewhere, you can buy a radios toothbrush online.
Yes.
But do they ship to Canada?
No.
No.
So I told George about it.
So George was kind enough to like order from, was it Amazon.com?
It was on right.
Got me not one, but two radios toothbrushes.
A nice, I don't know what the one.
Well, pink one because QIM, Twitter and me and a white one.
And a white one.
Oh, white one.
At any rate, so the deal was that we're going to ship it up here to me.
And he figured since duct don't really have too much to do since he's busy sitting around listening to the show on that.
And that's his idea of a job.
He might as well do something constructive, make him feel like he really put in a good day's work.
We'll give the toothbrushes the duct and let him send them up there to Neil and Toronto.
What do you say?
So this morning, you gave him the duct.
I heard the conversation.
We had a, I thank him in advance.
Five minutes later he comes back.
Oh, they won't go for it.
What?
The company won't pay the shipping.
It might cost 50 bucks to send you.
Now keep in mind that since I've been here these last two years, doing a show of good percentage of the time,
I've spent probably $18, $100 out of my own pocket.
Unsupplies on the fast paper, on the toner, on the drum, all of these things.
You know, $15, $18,000 bucks.
Never, ever charged him a dime.
Follow?
Not to mention the millions of dollars that the show is making them so that they can be a sportsholder rest of the day, 20 other hours.
But no, 50 bucks to, and I don't think it really would be 50 bucks, but whatever would be.
And I said, I'll reimburse them.
They can deduct it from my pay.
I can't do it.
Broad in the county said, or yeah, the accounting broad can't, I can't do it.
So we're making other arrangements.
Okay, we're going to smuggle the toothbrushes in the somebody's.
Right.
Wow.
I'm telling you, man, you people in that company, you're a disgrace.
You're just a joke.
You're an industry joke.
Now this thing is speaking to jokes that you just factored me about Kim Bock, Cameron Troister, I've heard.
I guess it's a, they're driving miniature horses at Pompato Park tonight.
That's all I can read.
I can't read any of this.
I reckon come eat former blah blah blah.
Come eat former players can both come for a stretcher and what do you benefit?
I don't know.
Do you know who what he benefit is?
Is that?
No.
What do you benefit?
I know what he, Alan.
What do you eat it?
What do you grab?
I beg your pardon?
Huh?
As they contest the compete, I can't read.
It's a bad, it's real dark.
Let's see, how about adding their all irrelevant to people with a life 22-year list nerd first-time fashier?
Don't keep knocking the brits without them.
You need to be a bar of soap or we'd all be speaking English.
Oh yeah, right.
The brits you mean the ones that we have to keep bailing out every time there's a World War?
I'd be a bar of soap.
My ass, man, who you can.
Graham.
British by birth American by choice.
Well now you're talking, although lately, not a good choice.
I think you're funny now.
You've really invented new naughty words.
When we must go to satellite radio, if John A. Croft and his cronies don't get there first.
Well, there you go, Graham.
Tattock to loose Lattrex.
Lattrex.
Here's the fact that it says you've got to watch Deadwood totally adult grade acting, out-supranos to sopranos.
Ascroft will hate this show and take it down.
You're going down.
It is that good.
Profane nudity, history and reality, grade acting, grade lines, casted characters is unbelievable.
Un-daleable.
And despicable, which makes it great.
Watch it while you can before they take it off.
Deadwood.
Haven't seen it.
Have you heard about it?
Pope Brian did a bit about it.
I know.
We're just whorn.
I just played it.
Oh, that's what you dumped.
Just before you dumped the Ella Grease.
I can't believe you did that.
All right, play it again.
I won't touch it.
I'm not going to play it again.
That would be ponderous, but the idea, I mean, we know what that sound was.
It's within the context of the bit.
And you're calling that a farting sound?
No, no, no.
I'm not calling it a farting sound.
How about the guy that puts his hand under his armpit and makes those sounds?
You know, is that a farting sound?
I don't think you fart through your armpit.
At least I never have yet.
Although I've met some people who smell like maybe they were doing it.
Yeah, see?
There he goes, Josh.
Mark it down.
That's pit music.
Yeah.
It's the pits all right.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, the gong show.
The gong show was tragic.
It was tragic, or?
Thanks.
I think it was tragic on purpose.
Probably, but he's just saying.
Yeah, it was supposed to be tragic.
It was supposed to be embarrassing.
But Chuck Barr has killed 33 people.
And he was with the CIA.
The thing I love best about that thing on biography was that even his best friends say,
oh, we never know what he's been serious.
We don't know whether he just made all of that up or whether he really was a CIA agent.
You know, little shrimpy guy.
Those are the dangerous ones and little shrimpy guys.
Tell him.
That's what Anna Maria used to tell me.
We have these.
Look at this.
Here's somebody keeping track of the attendance.
38,000 Friday, 41,000 Saturday, 28,000 last night, 107,000 at the Marlon Games.
Not too bad for a weekend series.
We even got to see a couple of Goldberg sub signs.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Can you explain that to me?
Nothing.
What Goldberg are they talking about?
Not the Humper.
Is that all it says about?
It says we...
You should have seen Krispy Kreme on PBL, Palm Beach, Palm Beach, like the Blur West Palm on Sunday morning.
Three dozen donuts with a ticket stub.
What a zoo it says.
You think that if they reinstate the draft, people will finally start to show some real protest.
Thanks and best of you in George.
Love you both.
It says Janie West Palm Beach.
A little bit.
See if Krispy Kreme.
Not.
Boy, I do love those.
But you can't eat only three.
560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T inforizon line.
The worst TV show of all time.
Rick Sanchez Show, 41.
You're making an impact, Rick.
You got him talking.
Dr. Phil 20, survivor 14, N and Nicole 12.
Rosio Donald Show, 8 and 8.
He-Ha 5, Rosanne 4, the low boat 3.
Magic Johnson Show, Chatt Show, and two...
Buck Rogers One, Little House on the Prairie One.
I'm touched by an angel one and then a bunch of none out of 112.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi, I'm Cleo.
How are you?
Pretty good.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
I have a name for your highly irrelevant poll.
Yes.
And it sits right in with the sports theme of QAM, the Magic Johnson Show.
Oh, I would have sworn I just read that one.
Is that one?
You have that one?
It's got some vote.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
That thing was awful.
What about our Sineo Hall?
He was right behind that.
Our Sineo Hall definitely deserves to be on there.
He was the real hoot.
Yeah, he was the real hoot.
I love you to pieces and have a wonderful day and don't come back too soon because it stinks here.
I know that's what I'm here with.
Thanks.
Love you.
Bye.
I can smell it all the way up here.
Oh man, that must be coming from a ranger.
That's the swap gas.
The swamp what?
What did he just say?
Gas.
No gas.
In fact.
You can't ask for it.
It's so up and out of shape about that whole deal.
Pretty soon it's going to be mandatory.
They're going to fit you when you're born with a cork in your ass.
Correct them.
That's right.
That's your quid-emitting all of those nasty gaseous sound.
He don't care how much it smells too bad.
He doesn't care about that.
Because I'm sure that his don't stink.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yes.
Happy days.
Happy days.
I agree with you, man.
That was a stinker.
I'm sure that was so tremendously popular.
Almost every character on there was just obnoxious, including the fons.
And especially Tom Bosley.
Yeah, man.
Tom Bosley.
He was just highly irritating at best.
1056 at 560 QAM.
We're supporting you 560 at QAM.
It's day.
If I have a town at 560 WQAM.
Hello again, everyone, from the Channel 7 News Center.
I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60-second Goal 4 update.
We have some new reports that just came in.
They're hard to explain, so let's move to the Middle East War map.
Rick's world, if you will.
And I'll try to explain.
Rick's world, Rick's world.
Hurry on, have fun.
Hurry on, everyone.
Hurry on, everyone.
I'm your most excellent anchor, Rick Sanchez.
And with me, as always, Sally Fitts, party on sale.
Party on, Rick.
Called San Pedro lately.
Not since I've been back from Houston.
People in the business remember, but fortunately for me,
the public has a short memory.
Say, what about that guy you flattened?
Is he still in a coma?
Uh, yeah.
Still in a coma.
I'm so glad you brought that up, Sal.
Not.
Anyway, who's saying blew off a couple more scudds
at the occupied West Bank.
But those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted it.
A boo.
A boo.
As you know, the insane who's saying,
gosh, can I turn an original phrase or what?
Yes, poison gas, but as I squat.
And.
That's an act of art.
I don't know.
Get on my gas.
Why does while Keller right there, you know?
Like nowhere near.
I sure hope you dumped it, because I didn't.
I didn't dump anything.
What?
Not after that last tune when I got it.
I think we need a seminar is what we need.
You know, you dumped it.
You'd better tell me that you did.
All right.
You didn't know Josh didn't know.
Oh boy, who are you man?
I can just see right now suspended a sentence.
Wow.
Change, Mr.
Yeah.
It's a raspberry.
You got raspberries in his ass.
That was your friend, does that mean?
Raspberry.
Yeah, it was an asperi.
I never thought about that.
That's probably what it was.
It was just an asperi that thought it was a drop in.
Anyway, so glad I played that.
Not Bob and Tyler has you says that I can propose fantasy island as the worst television show all time.
Very good choice, Bob.
Thank you so much.
Why?
We just can't take any chances no more, you know what?
I'm just dumping everything.
See, I just dumped it again.
Not very reason.
Just just going to keep hitting the button just in case.
Just periodic look every few seconds.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line.
We got the mad bog at two.
The a Humper at four.
Now, what was that thing about Goldberg sucks?
What was that all about?
It was not about our Hank.
Was it?
Is there a player?
There's the wrestler.
I don't know what that means.
Anyway, Hank will be at Chula State too, Miami Lakes.
I'll tell you whether or not he sucks.
7 o'clock it's the Crow.
Oh my goodness.
As the Crow flies, the Crow is unlike on a weekday.
You got to be kidding me.
That's got to be.
I got to Crow by the right here, home boy.
And then of course the Marlon.
Oh, I see that's the reason because it's before the Marlins.
It's the pre pre four play game show.
830 got Marlins on deck.
905 to Marlins at the Colorado Rockies in Denver.
And after that we sign off to let everybody take a rest.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Pretty good?
I know that didn't get dumped.
It sounded more like a dump actually.
Well, you leave almost made it get charged there's the end last night.
They stink, man.
I'll care right out there.
You can't win any games unless you score some goals.
You got to put the biscuit in the basket.
They don't score any goals.
Hey, for one third of the lifetime of the flyers we actually have a goalie that seems to be able to make a few stops.
He's unbelievable.
He played phenomenal last night.
He was spectacular.
It's great to see that.
No, it's good.
Maybe you guys get a chance next one, but I doubt it.
I think we took it away last night.
I think it's all over, pal.
All right, Neal, keep in tight.
Good luck to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, good times, good times for Esther Roll.
She still be dead.
But somebody picking says definitely, Bob says it was definitely bad times for anybody who's tried to sit through five minutes of that record.
It was awful.
Here's another really bad one.
Getting some really good suggestions now for this Pope.
Welcome back, Carter.
Even the music makes me want to upchuck.
Welcome back.
What's up, guys?
Name with the mustache.
Don't tell me.
It'll come to me.
Kaplan, Gabe Kaplan.
Very good.
Yeah, well, I just one of those things.
I take a couple of seconds.
I don't like Gabe Kaplan.
I hated that shoe even worse.
Oh, no.
Welcome back, Squatter.
Careful when you go with that.
Anyway, another dead soldier in Fallujah, which makes three today, two in Baghdad, one in Fallujah.
Americans, that is.
We don't know the names, though, and we're not interrupting the regular programming to put on some breathless reports because this one, evidently, was not another famous football player.
There were nobody's.
Okay.
So let them lose their souls.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Celebrity, man.
That's what that's all about.
If your famous, your life is worth something.
If you're not so famous, who cares?
That's the message.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey, Neil. How about this one?
One day in the life, or one day at a time, with Valerie Bernelli and the Phillips girl and the Abani Franklin.
Grotesque.
Yes, sir. Good choice.
One day at a time.
You got it?
We got it.
That's what the L president wants to eliminate.
One gate at a time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Almost a million people, maybe more than a million.
Marching in at Women's and March.
Yesterday, that was pretty impressive.
Yeah.
Not getting nearly as much coverage of courses as the fact that the Pat Tillman died in Afghanistan.
You do understand that, don't you?
Well, they were famous women there, too.
Well, they don't care about them.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Chess?
How about it?
Grotesque. Good choice.
Especially with that. What's your name?
Don't tell me again.
I can see him.
He smells like a bad burrito.
Give you a hint.
Yeah.
Same first name as our website guy.
Eric Estrada.
Ooh.
What a lady.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, three's company.
That's not waiting.
I thought that was the one with Bonnie Franklin.
She was one day at a time.
Who's the guest covers and John Ritter, your favorite.
Oh, John Ritter, Rest in Pieces, huh?
That was another horrendous show.
I think that's what put Ritter over the edge.
VB about it.
I mean, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
And I think that's what the happy to him for doing.
Yeah, another annoying thing.
Let's do a theme song show.
No.
I think we had to do that one last week just to piss off JJ and Pembert Pines.
But we know it's still good to its radio.
WDQA and Hello.
WQA and Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What do you think of the dukes of Hazard?
Well, I had my own reasons for lucky.
You're asking a wrong guy.
Bad show.
You're right.
All right.
Thank you.
Bad show.
Dukes of Hazard will put on air.
I tried to snite her a lot though.
Although, you know, something.
I'm going to tell you.
I've said this before.
That show was so bad that even as good as he looked,
I still didn't watch it.
Right.
And that's just a lot.
Likewise, very daisy, dude.
She was not.
There were some hot people on that show.
And they were all dressed in that real provocative
or the real, real tight, tight clothing, you know,
back at a 70 style.
But they didn't watch it.
They didn't watch a minute of it.
You know, just camel surfing when you go through
like Nickelodeon stuff.
Oh, look at that.
They always had car chases.
There you go.
It's the Dukes of Hazard.
It's still on.
And I see her saying,
he haw, which kind of says that.
I don't know.
I said, he haw.
I wonder what channel I got on here.
That's, let's see.
That's got he haw on it.
I hope you enjoy your suspension, by the way.
The rockford file.
Oh, rockford files is on.
Look at this.
Oh, okay.
Listen.
I'm going to check it out right away.
At least one thing we know there.
I'm not going to say any dirty words on the rockford files.
But we all fight out.
Okay.
Not the way things are going.
WM Hello.
Hello.
Can I tell you two of them?
No, one.
Take a look.
Green acres.
Green acres is a fabulous choice.
You can never do that.
Thank you so much.
Green acres.
Now you like that, sure.
Because I guess you like to pick or something.
Yeah.
I've had the hots for the Arnold the Pig.
That's right.
You have the hots for Arnold.
WM Line 9.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think it's working Mindy.
More can Mindy.
Somebody bad shows in so little time, you know what?
You got it, man.
Thanks.
Thanks, Pally.
You too.
Every time I hear another one of these, I think, yeah, that's the one.
No, that's the one.
They all suck.
No wonder we're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, we're like that.
Television has rotted our brains, boys and girls.
And kids, you haven't found out.
What happened to the Golden Days, man, with howdy-duty?
I mean, with howdy-
Yeah.
Care, can't say that no, Mo.
And Mr. Bluster.
Finneas T. Bluster.
And Princess Summerfall, Winter Spring, and Carrick, Clearbel.
The worst TV show of all time, the Rick Sanchez show, they're not going to touch a Rick.
And of course, who would want to?
Dr. Phil 29.
And in the cool 24, that Smith.
Or the show that Will Smith was on, that was a horrible show.
Which one?
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
That's the one.
Oh, man.
I think you just named it.
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
Hmm, not too fresh.
I can smell it all the way up here.
It needs to be reduced by an angel.
Survivor 22, Rosie O'Donnell 14.
The Magic Johnson Show, the Chattel 14.
The Love Boat 7.
And then it's a single that's just from there.
But the list is building.
You'll find one you hated like poison.
Trust me when I tell you if you haven't already.
The Love Boat.
Just the way that the announcer on ABC said that.
The Love Boat.
Oh, man, nauseating.
Maybe you want to just go over the puke overboard.
WDQA, and hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, first time I saw him.
All right.
Hey, Neil, I got something for a fall here.
Okay.
Rota and Teddy Coat Junction.
That sounds like a pair to me.
You notice how he slipped those in there?
I said, yes, give us one.
But we'll put them both on there because I'm in a good mood now.
Why am I in a good mood?
Because I don't know.
Because I just got through ripping the beesleaves for what a bunch of cheap bastards they are.
Man, it's, I mean, can you even imagine?
Oh, it's going to cost us 50 bucks to send you that stuff.
And by the way, Troy Stratford, your responses on there on my emails is very, very unacceptable.
Man, that is so, well, it'll be there any day in a wascent.
Yeah.
It's in the mail, like a check.
It's in the mail.
Very weak, Troy.
Typical QAM sales hole response.
Not acceptable.
Unfailable.
Or maybe just unacceptable.
WQA, and hello.
Yeah, how you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, pal.
I'm going to show that I'm a sports hole around the horn.
What is that?
It can be a PN show.
It's like the worst show.
Is that a show with Dave Van Horn?
It's kind of like Van Boren.
Yeah.
Enjoy your suspension for the Razz Day, buddy.
I got plans.
Now, we don't get suspended for Razz Brothers.
It was just, uh, what would Dela Grease drop the Razz Brothers?
What she did?
She hangs out with a lot of fruit is what I hear.
It's 11 past 11, but that was right on the edge, man.
What we're doing the best we can.
Okay, it's very difficult.
We're like pressing buttons and reaching and grabbing stuff like that.
Of course, that's the QM way anyway.
Just asked Maddie Bell a lot of reaching and grabbing.
That's what I hear.
Is that what you heard?
Yeah, I heard that.
I'll tell you one thing you won't hear no more.
And that's about eating.
Won't hear that.
So when George fills in this summer, those of you who are grossed out by those disgusting shows like eating.
You won't hear that.
White Lauderdale is pretty peered about it.
And you certainly won't hear that taste like a any more either.
In fact, now we got one called taste like a silver dollar.
That's just favorite.
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQA.
And let's face it, you've been hearing me talk about fast train for a long time.
I'm probably wondering if it makes sense for you.
The facts are simple.
If you have the dedication, fast train can provide you with the necessary training and help you achieve your new high paying computer career in just four short months.
Think about it in just four short months.
It's let's see and a full May, June July before the end of the summer.
You can be on your way to a real career.
Fast trains got day, night and weekend classes, financial assistance for people who qualify.
And once you complete your classes, fast train will even help you in obtaining that new computer job.
So what's not to like?
It's really that easy.
Just call them today.
1-866 fast train.
Seven locations for you in Florida, including Miami, Kendall, Fort Lauderdale and prestigious Pembroke Pines where JJ lives.
There's sure to be a fast train campus near you.
So call them today.
You can check them on the web if you like.
First at fast train.com.
But then make that life-changing call.
I could really do some things for your wallet.
Call 1-866 fast train and tell them the Todd Direct totally to call.
This is sports when you're passing through.
You way here.
And another thing.
You're the loser.
And I'm a little bit of a big star by now.
You have that little bit sweet voice.
I didn't expect to get anywhere a little cutie-poo.
We saved you.
And I think this is the best way I want it.
I don't want to get this dirty face right now.
I have to hide you.
I have to hide you.
The more I see you.
Yeah, what about you?
The more I hate you.
What do I hate you?
And when I see you.
Eh?
I want a time.
You're a pector.
We know to know cheese a roll.
We're in a coma.
And point my eyes.
Why you, why you're a smack you?
That's it.
I know my smell attracts you.
Thank you.
But unlike that you.
You still got such a job.
I feel just like that you are my different.
And what do you need to another?
That's why you're so not buying.
To to to the to to.
The top-dorth-dall-doll eh
The top-dorth-doll eh
The bottom-dorked are the doors
How morning have my cue
And it came by
Yes he did so far
Alright, thats it
eleven eighteen at fifteen
For station WQM
Happy Monday to you. Big Arnie says worst TV show ever the Don I miss you
That's what Arnie says what a change my belt. He says who wants to watch that when you wake up
Hey Arnie who wants to watch that even at any time in between or before
Pretty in coherent five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in horizon
wireless line
WQA. I'm hello
Yes, sir
How about the Walton Walton's was
Yeah, it had its moments. Thanks a lot, Valley Walton's I
Keep thinking of that mole on John boys face. Yeah, that's the mole
Was that where the Greg's been looking for that mole for a long time? I think if you look on John boys, plus you'll find a mole Greg, okay?
Now back in the day, I might elaborate on that but right at the moment
I think probably especially the way things are going probably not five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in horizon wireless line
Oh, we're fine
Somebody QA him hello
To him yes, sir
I go on for your poll. I don't remember the name of this though. It was on
Whammy had to folding by a lot of business 50. Oh, yeah
Just gave me a great shout. Thanks. See you, pali. Ta ta
Yeah, we can put that on there, but we did that one other time and now when I put it away
We're talking about a network TV show showed that somebody actually watched
Not that horrible abortion
Whammy got it sucks. Oh, yeah, but they know their stuff man at
Very dealer filis dealer whatever his name is he really knows his crap. Yeah, that's especially his crap
There's another one of the luckiest people on the face of the globe and that whole entourage there from whammy
Oh, we're gonna like re-isshape the we're gonna retool it. We're gonna read the outright. They really hit an impact on not gonna speak in English
When you look at the the succession of garbage that they had out loud. What was his name bill what?
Oh
Come on bill tesh tesh. No, it was built. Tesh was not in built. Tesh is the one that tickles on the piano
You're an ET guy. The bill tech then something like that said built just think of times rock
Man that was something we can't of course we can't say. Yeah, that's what it was. That's the word
W.A.M. Hello
Yes, sir, I gotta show for you man. All right
The 18 pretty bad a
Najal Amazetti okay, put your head pal we had enough problems already five six seven the 18
Mr. T
Fancy wouldn't he have to do with the 18? He said a
No, that's right. I forgot about that while when you're candidates on unusual
Come to Q.A.M. Hello, hey, Neil maybe Henry Winkler's Canadian, but I hope not yes, sir
Mark and many I think somebody beat you to it, but it's a good question. Thank you. Don't get wet
It was a pathetic thank you. No problem
The worst TV show all time the Rick Sanchez show 57
Man oh man for it. That's more people than actually watch it
I'm sure glad you're sitting on that end
Yeah, the end of your career the end of your mediocre career is
Flashing before your eyes
The Rick Sanchez show 57 doctor Phil 41 and in a cool 36 survivor 26 magic Johnson Chatt Show and
Chatt that is 23 oh there we go. Yeah, dump that no Rosio Donald show 17 I said chat chat
He hog 12 the L that I sure hope you dump that other thing
What are the things the loveboat seven press produced by an angel six Rosanne six the Gong show five our city
Oh hall five little house on the prairie three why might we know these ones would like a one or two like Lawrence or Wilk show
Oh, that belongs on there. Oh, yeah, one not a two one the Lawrence or Wilk show and that's a wonderful and here's the layman's sister
That wonderful Anna Connie
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
Hi, hi, that's a one-fear poll. Okay. Actually made me Ralph the other day. Yes, I'm listening the morning
Oh, I'm a sin a morning. What a concept
I miss this a boring exactly exactly thank you pali see
He's trying to say I'm a sister so boring and who are we disagreeing and in coherent
Last few days boy. He's been really just because just for yuck's in the morning at about 8 30
When we're confagulating before the show I'll pop that thing up here and
I'm gonna remember
Yeah, can't understand a frickin word. He's saying I'll guarantee you he won't get fined
Because you can understand he could say all seven words including plus the nine new ones
He could say all 16 words and nobody could ever make out what he's saying so he's safe
WQ a.m. Hello
I'm good. Neil. Yes, sir
One for the poll. Okay. It's not already
Oracle
What is the name of this show family matters?
Family matters
That one then okay. Thank you that that one
The one with Erkley, you know, right family ties family matters family splatters all of these things
Five six seven so many bad TV shows and so little time at least only till two o'clock
Islamic group seeking the fire radio host a
National Islamic anti-defamation organization called Friday for the firing of Boston talk radio host J
Severin after he allegedly suggested in his afternoon talk show that the US should kill all Muslims
The statement made during Severin show Thursday and WTKK FM was allegedly part of a discussion about how Severin believes Muslims
Want to take over the world said Rabia Ahmed is spokesman for the council on American Islamic relations
She then said he remarked I've got an idea. Let's kill all Muslims
The council was notified of the statement by a caller Ahmed said this type of hate speech affects everyone
He said adding that she spoke or she said adding that she spoke with WTK K. J.
No manager on Friday it causes a downwards spiral of hostility toward interfaith relations in our society should not tolerate it
Matthew Mills the general manager of WTKK declined to comment on Severin's alleged comments on what they this Saturday
But WHDH television reported that a WTKK representative said Severin would apologize on his show today. He's gonna apologize
Ahmed said that on Friday Mills told her that
Organization that the statement was taken out of context. He said Severin wasn't talking about American Muslims
He was talking about Muslims outside the US. Oh, yeah
But I don't know how a statement like let's kill all Muslims can be put in any type of context that would be okay
Ahmed said we recognized the importance of free speech but people need to be responsible
Yeah, be responsible up there and Boston you lunatics you many acts you you preverts
Hope he runs away with a cardinal whatever the cardinal cushion
Cardinal Kushmer and Tahos
Cushing. Yeah, he had a push job there for while and then Cardinal Law had a crush job too
Lila tell everything buddy here came flying out of the closet with their little boys
Well speed little boys Jacko whacked his two lead lawyers office and sensational kitty sex court case at the urging of his radical
Nation of Islam advisors the top source and yesterday
What did I tell you? Uh-huh?
We were discussing this before to show and I said there must be that nation of Islam crowd talked him into this deal
And George said huh
Out our celebrity lawyers mark garragosan Benjamin Braffman and in his Thomas Messero
Another famed legal defense eagle who had recently represented
Represent actor and murder suspect Robert Blake who can't in by the way a well-placed source said garragosan
Braffman were dumped by the beleaguered king of pop of the urging of the nation of Islam leaders who are tied to Lewis Farrakhan
In Braffman case he was battling people around Michael Jackson three strident Muslims a source said these people have no real interest in Jackson
They have interest in control being up there showing who they are and where they can reach and of course
They're gonna do everything they can to turn into a racial thing you do understand that don't you?
Oh, yeah, the nation of Islam
Since of course, he's been always so big in the black community
In the kind of pasty pasty pale face black community
As her and Sheila Jackson is that the congresswoman out there that's always shown up at these press conferences with him now
I know these other black people don't know
Hasn't done squat for black people is entire life and all of a sudden it's a racial thing
Everything sooner or later in America turns into a racial thing
27 after 11 at 5 60. This is something that is not it's an anybody thing
It's the lobster fest at the remote coast. It's back right now
If you've never been there you have no idea
This is not just another one of the 85 a hundred Asian buffets waiting out there. This is
Unmatchable. It is positively on
Failable and because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there kids six and under each for free at the remote coast
An addition Emerald Coast still offers you all their sensational mouthwatering dishes
Strat out with any of six different soups or try a few of more all of them if you like then sample dozens of succulent on phrase
New York strip made order at their sizzling Asian grill the brand new Hunan fish
Enjoy main lobster thermo-durst out Jonah crab
Oysters on the half shell and shovel in a little bit of that handcar prime rib their new Thai specialties as well
There were fake features of full-south bar full-chinese food lineup their brand new sushi bar and of course fresh
See them cocktail
And if you have any room after all of these things boy
You must be some kind of a porker
But if you do waddle yourself over to the dessert station where you'll find Belgian waffles and pies and cakes
Pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit and don't forget no MSG headache
Because they don't use any crap only the finest ingredients at the Emerald Coast three locations for you
Pembroke pine sunny owls and sunrise
So take the whole family with you book your next business luncheon right now
And don't forget to fill out a monthly membership card too. So you can get their monthly newsletter
Let our good friends at the Emerald Coast cook up a storm for you take out and live available to call 954
5723822
That's 954 5723822 for the unmatchable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
Lie in the local
We're sports radio 560s you and you
A.M.
You dredge packing
I want a whole investigation
The children
I want a whole investigation
The children
What about the children
Like the power of nowhere to move that
Across the power by the gallows with a teeth time
He don't want you to hear but he'll see that
All they do are the things go to safe wrap
And I'm qualified as foil fish and wrap
Got the day guys to get from his old man
That's a tell you where the hell is his head
And the foods got caught up
Grounds of splashing
The clothes derives and plays of yucky
Same as those dogs from new and tea
That's gay
One day new physics queen
Like the power of nowhere to move that
And let me find him
And let me find him
And let me find him
And let me show that
He has a mind to find him
For that pilot is good but sex is so bad
He's the grand pack of milk and a long nap
Thanks to the job that he got from his dad
We got him all in his DPC
And don't want the children to see a new DG
That's your only grand ability
We get home mess up the fatherly with this
I don't want the baby shit go to
I can tell one of nowhere to move that
That's he need a life when he's tall when he's dead
On a boy it with a villain in bad back
If his revenge is from a boob in that sack
I'm just gonna see that likes to grandstand
I can tell one of nowhere to move that
I can tell one of nowhere to move that
Ah!
Maybe Michael Powell needs to be dused by an angel do you think?
Uh huh
I'll go get the
Fuck it
Get the delegrease
27-to-no in American
I'd also want to suggest that's a magnificent choice
Oh yeah
Yes
Piece of crap and that's why it's so big
Just like McDonald's
Just horrendous grotesque
It's huge
Now this fact from Michelle
Is this show you about my psychic powers again?
She says I'd like to submit too close for comfort
I don't even know what that show is
What is that?
It was the one that had Jim J. Bullock in it
Ah!
No!
Yeah!
Wow!
And
Michelle sends two spy reports
First Bob Weaver's live in kicking
I just were talking about him this morning
I was
Right?
Yes we were
Yeah
Since I saw him on a commercial for um
Some patio show
He didn't look so good
Is what it says
Well you wouldn't look so good either
If you got screwed over real bad by channel six
By NBC six
Where they treated him like crap
And they just
They were not letting him say goodbye
They unsurmoniously dumped his ass
Bob Weaver
My good close personal friend
Weaver the weather man
You people at channel six are a bunch of axe murderers
That's what Joe Rose tells us
And two
Articles from the Drudge website
We're being reported and read on Phil's show
Are you sure?
How do you like that?
He's made the complete turn
To right wing a class hole now
Phil Henry
A total sellout
So sen
Thetic
Tragedy
Okay
Unbelievable
Unbelievable
Rick Sanchez so 69
I don't think he's going to win though
I think others will catch him
And pass him like he's squatting still
I should play that bit
So what were he squatting over a rack you know
I ain't saying no
But not anymore than that
There was nothing wrong with that
It was just like somebody burst his balloon that's off
All this panic about
Oh I heard that sound
I heard the sound
Yeah well prove it
Okay
It's got to pass the sniff test
On the show
If it don't pass the sniff test
If it's got no aroma
Then don't count
Like there's no passionate
It's like if you fart in the elevator
It doesn't have any aroma
If it's an SBD
No it if it's what's the opposite
Noisy but
antiseptic
Then NBA
It's a wheelchabin fart
NBA
Anyway the worst ever sing-a-lar with Mitch
Oh could that have been the Mitch Miller show
I don't recall that he had a show
But that if he did it
Well you're right Jay
Jay says sing-a-lar with Mitch
You know what I loved about Mitch Miller
And I said it's very sarcastic
Maybe said for me was from Rochester
He used to do the thing with the hand
How do I do it on the radio
Look in the speaker on your radio folks
Hey look
You know what I'm talking about
We hit his hands like a penny or like a duffing
Oh man
The good news is Mitch Miller is dead
That's the good news
No more that
Let's say chicken soup with Jackie Mason
Was by far the worst TV show ever
Was it on long enough to qualify
It was terminal it says chicken soup
With Jackie Mason who's still talking like this
He and Moe are the only two people in a world speak like that
Absolutely
No I mean
Oh and I've had you one person that Moe ain't speaking like that
Or like anything else to
I mentioned this before but I'll mention it again
Just a bust his balls
And that's guilty
What about it
They don't speak
Oh yeah yeah
You mentioned that
Very little conversation in between the year what's on the year
They just uh you know kind of sit there and look in the opposite direction
It didn't take
I've all took quite a while took a couple of years
And guilty about that
That religion
And this of course comes right from the horses mouth
When I was there something came to me and said
Just like that
Told me the whole story
But that's it's you Moe
The man wants to be like he wants to be loved
The man
But he just is a hard guy to love
Now back in the day I could have had some good lines about that
But I don't think I will no more
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on a AT&T
And Verizon wireless line
Don't forget not only if we got
Catarina Vitt
Vitt no close on on our behind-to-be the curtain today
But right there on our website I'm on the bedtime stories today
Is a story with a headline
Pat Boone stands up for censorship
And I guess so we're talking literally and figuratively
Because of a click on the original story from the drudge retort
That's with two T's
You'll see
The old Boone in the box
I've got news for a minute sir
Well I don't want to say
Not too impressive
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on a AT&T
And Verizon wireless line
Maybe that's what he used to write those love letters in the sand
WDQAM hello
Hey Palli
Yes sir
Hi for the poll I got full house
Full house was tragic
That's what it was
With the songs the Dean's scream that you have
Right
You guys got a dig up by ACDC
30D to Thunder and Cheap
Thunder Cheap whatever it's called
Right at the end
You guys got to compare that
It's
I think Bonstuff was the man
All right we'll work out
See you Palli
Thanks Palli
Have a great day
And don't forget
Guys let's do a poll on that
What you like better
You're like the Dean's scream
A Geldy
Yeah
I don't think it's any contest
Geldy's got him hands down
Howard Dean was the man
The Curie people are getting pissed off of me
Look I tell you the way I see it
Okay I'm not here to panted anybody
I'm not here to do a light bulb radio
Oh the right is all bad
The left is all good
Whatever you know
That's crap
It's idiotic it's garbage
It's swill
The fact that a matter is that
Bush would be
Uh it's Carrie whatever his name
It's Carrie be 20 points ahead right now
If he was running the good campaign
Yeah
I mean a war is a disaster
The economy gas prices
Every day they seem to be
Ining an all-time new high
248 for premium and light in California today
When I was there I paid
208
208 to fill up my beautiful Corvette
You ready for that
In my life
Did I ever pay two bucks a gallon for gas?
No
No
So an economy is still unemployment is rampant
They keep peddling you know
Keep manipulating all the numbers
Well the market is this
Yeah
Today maybe not tomorrow
In fact what is the market doing today
That's take a quick peek
Is it bad?
No not real bad
Just kind of like medium bad
No look at that
That's just flip-flopped
Kind of like bush and Carrie
It's doing a flip-flop
That's up three points
And that's that down for 82 cent
Not doing much
But any kind of a candidate
That was really running an other campaign
And then of course miss
Speaking of miss fudge
All the carried tapes
The carried tapes
Maybe he's going to show the carried tapes
How he threw his medals in 1971
Who gives a flying fudge about that at this point huh
Who cares
He threw anything they got if he
If all of a sudden he wakes up in the morning
Carrie he's got a pimple on his ass
Right away we're going to
The drug report is going to have a big report
With pictures of it no doubt
Blown up 8 million times
Looking humongous
Healamonster or something like that
Look at this look what we found this morning on the
I'm Carrie's a butt
And of course there are a lot of stupid people out there like this one
Of course what the personalities are that
We might be looking at or that the Iraqis might be looking at
Oh brother he makes me want to scream
I'll tell you that
Rolling cool and him and his son man
Send the two of them on the next mission tomorrow
Might get a little worked up here tell me to come down
It's only one they were just we're just like JJ said
We're just faking our way through
We want to paycheck that's all
Just want to paycheck
We're just faking our way through
And this week we're just faking our way through
Tilla love a Thursday Thursday morning
When the book comes out and then
Then they will fear you
My and look
Or not
This is for three or five
Six
Two way
Two way
Emperors
This golden gasser
Wonderful
WQAM
Uh
How may I be helping you today
Hey
Would you please be having a Bruce Lee
Big G
We are having a sailor camera
R-H-G
We have had about many flavors
Well
I'm afraid that is not easy
We are
H-G-G
H-G-A-D-A
Okay I tell you everything
He's always been making ground for the inside of you
And he has his crew in for the women and back
He's in his only big company
That is so bad
And he's looking for him a group of reactors
But we don't know what the s are
Man we'd better go for cool
R-G-G, I think he's tipping in for too be
R-G-G
if you might raise your philanthropy
R-G-G
R-G-G
If you would choose me to
I-G-G
H-G-G-G-E
He's effic
R-G-G-R-G-G-
R-G-G-H-G-G-G
R-G-G-G
H-G-G-G-R-G-G-R-G-G-G-G-G
R-G-G-G-G
The
RGP
and the
RGP
The RGP
London 46 14
Dillnoon at 5
60 WQM.
The worst TV show of all time is
Bridget loves Bernie says some facts here.
Leonard, thank you Leonard.
Priests charge in 1980.
Killing of none.
This is a lovely story.
Another one of these isolated incidents.
Toledo, Ohio.
A Roman Catholic priest was charged in the 1980 killing of a none
whose body was found in the chapel of the hospital,
where he served as chaplain police said.
The Reverend Gerald Robinson 63 was arrested Friday.
Five months after police reopened the investigation,
into the death of sister Margaret and Paul.
Chief Mike Navarro said.
Paul 71 was stabbed about 30 times.
About 30, man.
And strangled April 5, 1980 police said her body was found
in the chapel of Toledo's Mercy Hospital,
where she was the caretaker.
At a news conference Friday night, Navarro said
new technology led to Robinson's arrest.
He wouldn't elaborate on what the link was to Robinson.
Nobody talk about evidence or motive.
Police started up the cold case based on a tip
provided the Lucas County Prosecutor's Office.
The Reverend Michael Billion spoke to him
for the 19 county diocese of Toledo said,
Church officials will cooperate with Poli.
So it's certainly saddened the diocese.
He says, a lot of sad stuff going on these days
in the Catholic Church, you know this?
Yeah, I noticed.
It's sad.
But then again, just pass the plate, please.
I'll pass it over.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Let's get a list of about 23,000 names.
About 30,000, man.
A really bad TV show.
So many and so little time.
Line 9, WQA, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a show for your poll.
OK.
The 700 Club with Pat Robertson.
If we want to consider that a show,
what's your release?
But who wants to be picky at this time since it's a big hit?
I'll hold him.
OK, me too.
Thank you.
The 700 Club.
Is that really the name of a show?
Yeah.
It is?
Sure.
OK.
Showed off.
The 700 Club with the obnoxious smearing grinning.
Oh, man.
Too bad about that Charles Taylor, you know, Africa.
All those deals he had going.
Sport all his plans.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQA, hello.
What happened?
How you doing, Pali?
That's not choice.
What happened?
Oh, I think OK.
What happened?
OK.
I thought he would give me like a greeting, but it's what happened?
Was that really the name of the show?
Yes.
What happened?
Well, who was on that show?
Re-run.
Re-run?
He died.
Or was it an original?
What happened?
I just vaguely remember that.
How long ago was that?
Not long enough.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQA, hello.
How you doing, sir?
Good check.
What's the Wyoming guy?
The Wyoming guy.
The Wyoming guy is the right wing guy in the morning.
Glenn Beck, right.
Glenn Beck.
Bill Tech and Glenn Beck.
Right.
And then that show that I had probably the worst one day at a time.
That Snyder guy was in the closet, dude.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Now, one day at a time, I thought, didn't we do that one?
I thought we put that on there already.
Well, let's take a look.
That was the Bonnie Franklin, right?
See.
And the guy, the janitor was Pat Harrington.
Correct.
From the Steve Allen show.
And Valerie Bertonelli.
And Valerie Bertie.
She was cutesy.
Sure.
Mackenzie Phillips.
She wasn't cutesy enough to save the show, though.
No.
And by the way, horrible.
Horrible.
Horrible.
Horrible.
Horrible.
Show.
It was bad.
It was annoying.
And how come it is that so many of these annoying shows?
I guess they must have had some kind of a good deal for the putting in this indication.
Because these shows keep coming back.
Here's another one.
The most watch show in the world.
I already know because you already just saw me the facts.
The most watched TV program in the history of the world is they watch.
What does that tell you that there's no chance for human race?
There's a best youth for that, even though I didn't watch it.
Had the, you know, the anxious.
Okay.
Now, let me see if I can remember his name, Billy Batson.
Billy, don't tell me.
The little kid with a black hair, the short kid.
He sure looks better than a panel of Lee, but then you need to do with anybody.
He looks better than panel Lee.
Billy, uh, Babbit.
No.
I don't know what his name is.
Are you talking about the surfer?
Yeah.
Kelly Slater.
No, not Kelly Slater.
Kelly Slater was like a real surfer.
And we were like, this was on the show.
He was a surfer.
He was a surfer like Alamo.
Billy Warlock.
That's it.
See how easy that was?
Just slipped right off your tongue.
You know, I can honestly say I've never watched it in the video.
I've never seen an entire episode of that show.
Really?
Really?
Uh, I've watched it, but only in Europe.
When there was no other English language program on, you know, either in Amsterdam or
in Germany.
It's on just about every country in the world.
I tried to watch it and then Pam comes on the street.
And then, and then to show you how desperate the world is to show you what bad taste people
got, they really think that David Hasselhoff is like an actor like a stud like, like a
something as opposed to here where we know him best and we can't put him almost into
a category with the rick Sanchez.
WQM, hello?
No.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a couple of 40 men.
How about one?
Okay, one.
What about Dan Sviver?
Dan Sviver, bad show, but Dan Sviver, and it was Danny Terrio.
See?
As far as gripping out of Danny's doing these days, okay, if I may be murdering him appearing
at Danny's.
Oh, that's all I want you to craft, okay?
He was madly in love with Eva Gabor.
We know that.
Yeah.
Come on, Murr.
Come on, before it's too late.
Well, that's my poll question.
What a murder, Griffin, Charlie, Chris and Norma Lee can't have in common.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
So far, Rick Sanchez show 80 and in the cool 58, that cow, Dr. Phil 48, Survivor 35, Magic
Johnson, Chat Show 29, Rosie O'Donnell 20.
Did we get our sinew on here or not?
Not yet.
Yeah.
We did?
We did?
I was always afraid he was going to fall right off the edge of that couch, you know?
You are sinew a hosher.
I don't see it.
Oh, it's there.
You're positive.
Oh, there it is.
It's got seven votes right under Duce by an angel.
Let's play that thing again.
Go for it.
Not.
WQAM, hello.
You know Roger?
Yes, sir.
I got something for you, Paul.
Yes?
I have $6 million woman.
That was a remake after $6 million man.
Yeah?
Remember that?
No, I never saw that.
It's called the Bionic woman, by the way.
The Bionic woman, right?
The Bionic woman.
I got another one for George.
Okay, good.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Are you doing that he-haw thing again?
That sounds...
It's infectious.
It's my impersonation of Weezy.
I see.
I thought she was on a Jefferson's.
Which we're not putting on there.
What's that?
The Jefferson's.
Oh, I was one of the best shows on TV.
Are you kidding me?
Man, oh man, but he-haw.
I mean, infectious.
Exactly.
Why not is doing it again?
WQAM, hello.
You know, did I hear you say there's a gun stroke on your list?
Yes, supposedly.
Oh, come on.
That's cutting edge.
Yeah, you're cutting edge.
You don't have the events in your life.
Yeah.
The events in your life that you'll never forget where you were.
Yes.
Like when JFK was shot, the Twin Towers attack, when Don Johnson called the Stan Major show,
when Paul Harvey Jr. made his last call to the New Roger show, right?
That's the popsicle twin came on the gun show.
Really?
Do you remember that?
I do.
That's what took the show off the air.
It's a matter of fact, they showed that when they had to check by-h-check various autobiography
thing, I mean, bio whatever was.
They showed it.
That would never get on the air today ever.
Right.
But anyway, I've got a show.
I can't believe nobody's called it.
It was really popular in Canada.
It's a British show.
And some of the first and ugly factors you've ever seen, Dr. Hoo.
Dr. Hoo?
Do you remember that?
Yes.
Was that not the worst show ever?
It was in the running.
I mean, they didn't take somebody like George and wrapped him in fabric.
I'm glad.
Have a good day.
The gum show was fun.
Let's face it.
And how come they had so many screeners on it, show?
Of course it was.
JP Morgan was a real bulldyke and then they had the ripped tailor.
Jamie Farr.
Jamie Farr, do you think is- I don't think he's wrong.
Oh, come on.
Jamie Farr is gay.
I have no idea.
War that dress on Nash.
Yeah, I'll let that prove it.
Somebody cue Am hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sent to see island.
Somebody beat you to it, man.
Oh, well, just remember George is gay.
Okay, thanks.
5670560, pound 560 on EATT.
Well, we always wanted to have a gay president.
I guess we got one.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, I'm good, Neil.
How you doing?
Yes, sir, all right.
Hey, I got it.
So, boy, you have a family matters in.
Do percol.
Okay, again, somebody, let's just- I'll figure what.
Call in and read a sum from the list.
We could just start the show back when we wanted to tape.
Right.
And start to show it.
I could read the facts again from JJ and Pembroke Pines.
Why is it called any?
I don't think.
Damn it.
I'm going to listen to that.
Carrie Grancho on IOD or whatever is.
How to listen to the light bulb and some of that financial advice.
Maybe listen to the Mitch Herscho.
370 votes.
The worst TV show of all time.
The Rick Sanchez show 85.
I'm just going to do the top few.
The contenders and the cool 58.
Dr. Phil 50, survivor 35.
Magic Johnson's chat show has 29.
In fact, I think that would be most appropriate.
Four minutes till noon at 560 WQM, the mad dog at 2,
the Humberit for this afternoon.
We got to find out about those posters at the ballgame.
I'm high and local.
This is 440560.
You way, you way.
This mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Back in the USSA.
Please, we got the book to film our SUV.
It's far from the two-wheelers of planes.
I play for oil, T2C, the back in the P.
And then the saw, the back of the mountain,
and way up back in the USSA.
You shut the mouth of the computer.
Back in the USSA.
Then the computer
Thoughts and DMs were sat next to me.
I want to build my base with my take-offs and meet.
And then I'm going to sit back down and back with you SSS.
You should come out and look for me.
Or back with you SSS.
You don't make the right track in this garden.
The garden.
You can see the garden.
I'm coming out from the garden.
I'm going to sit back.
I'm going to sit back.
I'm going to sit back.
Oooo.
Bravo to it.
560 WQM and the sun is shining here.
It's beautiful.
Case-canceling.
And once you know the Toronto weather.
Let me take a peek.
It's 48, but it's going to be 58.
Ain't that lovely?
I'll take it.
It's sunny and 58.
Nice little breeze.
Oh man.
Just a light jacket.
Perfect.
Anyway, here's the fact that it says...
...after a mash.
What does that mean?
That was a show.
That was the name of the show after a mash.
That idea.
After a mash?
Trust me.
Okay.
How about Monster Mash?
Here's one that says Davy and Goliath.
Sure.
I have no idea what was that.
Claymation Christian shelf.
I beg your pardon?
Claymation.
Christian shelf.
Oi!
Let's say here's one that says...
What's your opinion on Moe possibly redeeming himself?
Just an ounce.
This was his call on WQM's draft Nook Party show Saturday.
The dolphins have selected Vernon Carey from the University of Miami.
The crowd is screaming and jumping up and down here.
At Pro Player, it's like they were just told they can revote on the 2000 election.
It's incredible.
Not bad, it says, but still a weasel.
What's so great about that?
Like you almost made a political statement and that redeems him?
No!
Yes, why?
No, what's the name?
Ask Yaldi to redeem him?
No.
Still the same class hall as he always was.
Here's the fact that says last week you talked about that nut Tim La Hay,
who said that the anti-Christ will sit up his reign in Babylon,
which is present day Iraq,
is it possible that the Neocons are actually trying to help fulfill this prophecy?
Who knows when you deal with crazy people?
If so, they are following in the footsteps of many and Megalomaniac dictator in history.
Constantine also thought his military conquest and subsequent reign was destined by God
and his kingdom was the predecessor of the kingdom of Christ as prophesied.
Ironically, Tim La Hay was right about the anti-Christ,
isn't he, Colors Netwaters also in Babylon?
There's a website called Yadi-adi-adi and so on.
Thanks wherever you are.
After Mesh,
boy, thank goodness I missed that and David and Goliath.
I feel like I've done something right.
I'm going to get paid a lot of the of, you know, the Minestars like Jamie Farron,
Gary Burghaw.
Gary what?
Burghaw.
Can't say that, no more.
He was on, for some reason, he was on a match game a lot.
Yeah, for some reason.
Gary Burghaw.
And also, Richard, what we don't talk about, Richard.
Yeah, the woodcutter.
Yeah, the woodcutter.
Yes, Gary Burghaw.
Well, I'll be damned.
No wonder they kept his one hand in the match.
I always kept one hand in his pocket or behind the clipboard.
I see.
5670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
The worst TV show of all time is the Rick Sanchez show has got about a 30.
How many?
About 30, man.
29 vote lead over.
And in the cool show, she's right on his ass.
And in the cool, it's right on Ricky Tickey's ass.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Is it still?
It sounds like me, yes.
How you doing, Uncle Neil?
I'm doing great.
You're not going to believe this, man.
I don't believe it.
I got a pre-sector signal on 75 right out of Naples.
So no one's taking, can you still say that?
No one's taking her in with her station today?
No one's with it, yeah.
That's it.
So any harmony, no man's land, the alligator rally,
I just wanted to call say hi and talk in a long time.
What if I took Tampa Bay Lightning to kick in the, you know,
what out of Ontario, huh?
Out of Ontario, why not?
I've been in our area out of Quebec, man.
Go back there.
Get it right.
We got our own problems with Phil Sinalt-Few, man.
I like the Lightning.
I think the Lightning could win the cup this year.
I really mean that.
I like that you had a heartless thing, yeah.
Well, you know hockey more than me.
That's for sure.
I remember my geography.
They're fabulous.
Yeah, that was a great day, all right?
And back to you.
Yeah, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Let's see, friends, never funny.
In fact, moving to South Florida was even better
since this fact.
So you're okay, Mike.
And it says it all.
Even moving to South Florida was funnier than friends.
Another one of those state-of-mind things, kind of like cheese.
Cheese.
Time jicka-like cheese.
Wow.
No, well, what?
I hope we knock on our good bald-headed little buddy, Tom Jicke.
I want to say we two years he bright something that makes sense.
At least he wrote several articles about all this crap
that's going on in broadcasting now, which is more than I can say
for Glenn Garntzee.
I mean, Glenn Garvin over there at the Miami Herald.
Oh, can I come in and sing it on the show one day?
Yeah.
That'll be his excuse.
Well, you guys never called me back.
Call him up and tell me he's a classhole, okay?
Glenn Garvin.
Here we got the most unbelievable series of finds and censorship
and all this crap going on is the freedom.
See, it's just like this March, you had it washed in over the weekend.
Women want to make their own choices, just like listeners want to make their own choices.
People to read books and magazines and newspapers want to make their own choices.
What a concept.
That's what it used to mean to be free.
Not no more.
And yet 50% of the public, I got to do this one again.
This time, I mentioned it earlier, but this just, it just grinds my fat old pimpley ass.
A new pool shows that 57% of Americans continue to believe that Sodom Hussein gave some
stencil support to Al Qaeda terrorists before the war with Iraq, the Sputelack of any evidence of that relationship.
In addition, if that isn't depressing enough, 45% of Americans have the impression that clear evidence was found
that Iraq were closely with those some of Inlavins network, and a majority believed that before the war, Iraq either had weapons of mass destruction
or a major program for developing them.
There is no known evidence today that these statements are true.
Oh, God.
For example, among those who say most experts agree that Iraq had banned weapons, 72% plan to vote for Bush.
So I guess you know, likes to track because he's a moron than the rest of the people who want to vote for him are.
Moron.
Right.
Which makes sense to me.
In the pool taken by the University of Maryland's program in international policy attitudes, roughly 4 in 10 Americans perceived the
administration as saying it had clear evidence that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction just before the war.
Maybe they just disappeared.
Maybe that magic wand thing that sound you got there.
Yeah, just like that.
Well, they disappeared.
Sodom waived his magic wand.
Too bad for him.
He couldn't waived his magic wand.
He could have disappeared.
It didn't work.
If his magic wand was working so good.
Not just nauseating.
And like the guy said before, where is the American public?
Where the people getting their information?
Where they getting their news?
Where they getting their facts?
What the hell are they reading?
Who's reading it to them besides me?
And I'm a apologize for reading any of these stories on here.
In fact, George was right about that.
Gotta be right about something sooner or later.
Eventually.
Like a clock.
Right.
Like a one on the wall there, that thing.
5, 6, 7.
Let's just lighten it up a little bit.
I want to get all bent out of shape and pissed off again.
I want to let you get JJ Alps and Pimberpines.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
I mean, if you watch, like I said last week, you watch BBC.
And then you watch BBC.
And then you turn over to any of the American networks.
And you wonder what world are these people talking about?
It's so great.
How do you like that?
That's the BBC.
I don't know what the hell he just said.
I think he said.
Yeah, you better watch it.
Don't that.
I think so.
He has a gain.
It could be tight and be really difficult to cure.
It wasn't a research centre.
Simulated this one, but a young woman was infected with the deadly disease.
International officials say it's clear mistakes were made.
Those safety checks are now being conducted.
We are concerned that it has taken a long time.
Did they put real news on there on a BBC and on the BBC there?
And there are no puff pieces.
If you watch CNN, 80% of what they show are puff pieces, 15% are lies.
The rest of it is just a bunch of crap.
But anyway, that's what you got.
WDQA, hello.
Yeah, like the talk of Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, hey, how you doing?
Sensational.
If it's that bad in this country, then leave.
Yeah.
Okay.
If it's that bad, then leave.
I believe that, you know what?
No matter how you feel about the war in Iraq, you still have to support our president and our boys over there.
I see.
So in other words, when Lyndon Johnson lied to the American public about Vietnam, we had to support our president.
You're a quizzling man.
You're a simpleton, okay?
You're a moron.
You're an idiot.
You're a moron.
No matter how you feel, you have to support our president.
What kind of a simpleton was that?
Now, what kind of a rock that he crawled out from under?
What kind of a rock?
If we weren't for people protesting all throughout history, governments would have done, gathering those one more kind of crap.
Not to mention the crap they already got away with.
Just like the Germans were just following orders.
And just quizzlings like you, man, are responsible for most of the slaughter that's taken place throughout recorded history, including what's going on right now.
How could anybody support this madness, this lunacy?
So basically, what he's saying, even though we know they lied through their teeth, it was made up a whole bunch of crap to justify this, we still have to support our president.
You're like a little child, man.
You're like a little simpleton.
Like about a five-year-old.
And my apologies to every five-year-old out there who certainly got you under the table.
And I'll tell him what to do with you.
Man.
What a...no matter what it is, we've got to support our president.
And see that the people like the bush crowd, the neocons, they always try to lump the...
Oh, we've got to support our president and the troops as if...
As if those people are protesting against the war, don't support the troops.
Guess what?
The troops don't support the president.
Guess what? We're not the ones.
Those of us who oppose the war that sent them over there to be slaughtered, which is going on every day, including five more today.
Every single day there is blood on your hands.
Simpletons like you, sir, there's blood gushing from every finger, from every pore on your hands.
Go try to wash it off, man.
Take every detergent, take air, take tide, take a SOS badge, and you still can scrub off the blood from your bloody hands.
You bloody idiot.
Anyway, like I said, let's keep it light.
All right.
1213 at 560 W.
Think about it for a virtual comedy to succeed without any storefront locations.
It means beating the competition on every dimension.
And that's what Dalai mattress has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get better prices.
Better delivery times, better customer service, better everything.
Dalai mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau, located a local torture ward for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before during an after the sale.
When you call 1-800 mattress and talk to one of their expert betting consultants, you can rest this year, you're getting the best possible mattress anywhere, choose from all the top names in a business.
They got them all. They got Celi, Certa, Simmons, Kingcoil, Tempour, Peter, and even Stearns of Ananas Foster.
And 1-800 mattress, you'll discover there's never an extra charge for same day delivery.
Either Dalai mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kendall to Stuart Palm Beach to Ford Myers and don't forget.
It's the truth. When you call 1-800 mattress, you pick the date into our delivery window when you want your mattress delivered and they're mighty proud of their delivery record on time deliveries.
99.7% of the time, almost perfect, almost as good as us.
I'm a satisfied Dalai mattress customer for years and when you come the first time, I guarantee you will be too.
So do what we always do call 1-800 mattress or log onto their website mattress.com.
Dalai mattress 1-800 MATTRES, the easiest possible way to buy you a great new mattress and get under great night's sleep.
I am the local business, he's five cities, the reuse of your town.
You win!
And you're out!
Absolutely.
That's right.
Back in the day when someone done us wrong, we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, when the jacks dropped their bonds, we bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that sunny, loving, retired voice of bombers, the wrong way.
And oven barrows to be in America, where they follow those like she.
The United States of America, and by push and its family, we they got this country.
Family, course, the darkest days in my history.
I don't want to be a catch America, dig a USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the last.
If you want, let us you be to drive.
You're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously, ends up for to be.
And oven barrows to be in America, where we take triaginly.
We the flag in what hand, with our head in the sand, we blindly follow the powers that we have authentic.
And all that's a fraction done.
The Washington State Produce on a 65-inch screen.
Sretcher, five, everything's okay.
England, USA.
Yeah, you got to support a man, love and relieve it.
All the old clichs.
Brother, he must have found a old couple of bumper stickers, you know what?
On his back.
On the toilet seat.
1219 at 560 WQAM.
Tom and Kendall's got a good point.
The worst show ever was Nightrotters starring David Hasselhoff.
Absolutely correct sir.
I don't know if that's a worse, but if it's their God, David Hasselhoff, it's gotta be right in there.
That was the one with the car.
The gay car.
The gay car?
Yeah.
The car was gay.
It was gay.
Quite.
You don't say.
I do.
Here's one that says, had rather eat worms and hanged by my testicles and watched this doodoo fear factor.
Another one.
Another real piece of turd.
You have a naked segment I'd like to see more of.
I missed the episode.
Fear factor deserves to be on there.
People eating worms.
People dehumanizing themselves, degrading themselves.
Just like they got a code here a minute ago.
People showing their ass to the universe.
560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Uh oh.
This program is performed in legal operation and will be shut down.
What do I just do?
I think it must be my CIA tap on my computer.
You think?
So I guess I better read it real fast.
The worst TV show all time Rick sent you show 101 and in a Colesho 68, Dr. Phil 55, Survivor 41, Magic Johnson's chat show 34, Rosio Donald's Code 26.
We do have a lot of breads to listen.
You know, so they must have a good sense of humor.
They understand what I'm talking about.
They know exactly.
In fact, if they were so obsessed with all the British stuff and the world family all that crap, the Baton Birds, they'd still be over there.
They'd still be drinking all that crap.
I can't say it.
No, you can't.
You know, you know, you I am.
Hello.
And Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about the, I don't know if you heard of this show, but there's a show on ESPN 2 called called Pizza.
I have heard of it.
Yeah, that terrible.
And by the way, since L.D. doesn't talk to more anymore, how about the more and more show?
Okay, sounds like a winner to me.
Thanks, pal.
The Crow and Mo Show, the Jill and Mo Show, the no, I have a no more Mo Show.
I like that.
The Owen Mo, they call it the Omo Show.
The Owen Mo Show.
Put a couple of almost on them.
No, no, no.
Oh, I love that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
The day is going to come when you're going to have to meet your Marvin Maker, okay?
At Monticello Raceway and upstate New York, you're going to have to meet Marvin Maker.
Speak of that.
Pat Boone stands up for censorship.
This article is on our website today.
Be sure and click on where it says link to original article from the drudge retort.
That's with two T's.
We can't say two T's.
No.
Two.
Well, can't even say Mr.
Clean Living 1950's crooner Pat Boone is on a crusade to clean up Hollywood.
I don't think censorship is a bad word, but it's become a bad word because everybody associates it with some kind of restriction on liberty.
Boone told a group of reporters at the right wing Washington Times owned by the obnoxious Reverend Son Young Boone.
Boone is in town lobbying, meaning in LA, for the 60 plus association, they senior citizens group trying to repeal the inheritance stack.
But he's more jazzed about the filth.
Censorship is healthy for any society and that goes for arts, entertainment, anything said Boone, at some point in line that has to be drawn between one man's liberty and another man's license.
By Boone standards, the US governments become more healthy since Janet Jackson flies to write press for a nanosecond during the Super Bowl.
An FCC cracked down on the Indies and Broadcast, and then at a $495,000 fine for the Howard Stern Show, Stern shows no discipline, no selfish-drained-all Boone-Tool journalist.
Interestingly enough, Boone could give Janet Jackson a pointer about how to expose an organ and then on the next page, which you'll see, there is that picture from back in 1984.
The old Boone in the box from Hustle magazine.
It says this look what I found photograph has been floating around for years on, used net, the online network of discussion groups that even turned up on a Frank Zappern produced pictorial in Hustle magazine in 1984.
Someone had a photo right, found a photo right and sold it to Larry Flint, Hustle's publisher, Quintet One Performer, since he couldn't use it anywhere else. He used it here, as you might expect Flynn had a field day with this one, a field day.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I don't know. He doesn't know what the name was. Emerald Legassi, man, oh, she and I can't play those drops anymore. No. Can't play the sounds that go along with him or we can't do anything in this class is love and relieve it and you have to back our president about what kind of a, seriously, what kind of a durable crawl up inside of his body, huh? Man, what a lunatic that had to be a put on. Didn't that didn't have to be a just a bed. I can't believe anybody could possibly be that stupid that much of a quizzling just to get you whipped up.
They worked good. That's good. I make no apologies for bush bashing because I intend to do plenty of it between now and the election man. Somebody's got to. When Jackson showed up late for his hearing because of all the chaos outside. Oh, yeah, they're planning for Friday. You know, when he's going to be, they have the thing. What do they call it? Grandstand. No, no, they're planning another. They're going to bust people in. Bust loads of people for another big. Dog and pony show, right?
I think you're pardoned. Bush loads. W Q a M. Hello, HR puff and stuff. W Q a M. Hello. Okay, somebody beat you. That was a run with the H and R puff and stuff. Yeah, it was right. Well, but he actually said something almost go here. All those. It's your buddy. Yeah, come on. W Q a M. Hello. Love to meet you. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Have you read big lines by Joe Connison? No, by.
Got in the other room as a matter of fact. Oh, man, it is. I got a whole bunch of books lined up. I got to read. I stopped. It's full of great. Just all the Republican wing. Yeah, see, there's no point in my reading any of this stuff because I was thinking about this last night. I've read all of these things. They all say this. I mean, I know it. What I don't need to keep reinforcing it. I know what the problem is. The public doesn't want to know it. One more thing. Here's a contribution for you. Word that you may be able to get away with. Too bad.
What is it? Toothbag. It's what it needs to be able to say. Toothbag. A touch bag. I say, okay, we'll work on it. Thanks. We'll tell the. What do you think? Tooshbag? No. No. You love that. I got into the break. School is rated by FBI and permitting crackdown. Eric was so whipped up about it. He actually emailed me this story over the weekend from the Arizona Republic. All right. Get those boots. Stopping, baby. Fascinating.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know, you know, you have no bastards among other world markets. And the cities are working for the healthcare company. So at the beginning of the day, you know are yeah, you know, you know, you really are where you need medium or summer, you know, we can meet you all, you know, every about eight, eight a February or have the infection that your company has getting a lot out of generation, no matter what it is, music that you need.
so there's bound to be a fast-frame campus near where you live.
So check them on the web first, get more information at fastframe.com, and then make that one easy call
sit there running your fat ass and make that easy call that can change your life in a big way
and get you a big fat paycheck.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Go,ational!
This is what I hate.
Oh, that one?!
all my
high
down
W.W.M. here's Jack Faxes-Mean says, book you want to recommend,
Roe State American War with the World by TD Alman.
I wonder if he's skinned to Greg Alman.
Mr. Alman gives an detailed description of the players'
interactions, which have led the U.S. to this genocide in Iraq.
I'm certainly going to find extremely informative read.
By the way, did you see the AFP photo from Iraq
with the U.S. Order of Searching a three or four year
old little girl with today's hero?
If that photo doesn't say what F.A.G. insanity this is,
then I don't know what.
What does? Well, how about the fact that all these
little children got shot at and killed?
That story that you mentioned earlier,
I heard a different version over the weekend on the news.
Yes.
The roadside bomb blew up the Humvee.
Children came out to jump up and down on the Humvee
when the Army showed up, they opened fire on the children
that were stomping on the Humvee.
The Humvee. Right.
And killed four of them like you. Yes.
How's that different from the story I had?
Oh, nothing. Just that detail.
I see.
Why do you know when things happen?
I'm going to take everybody out.
When did Doc take those little kids out?
Let me say it again.
There isn't one person who has been killed,
named wounded over there, who would be killed,
named or wounded, except for this insanity.
It wasn't paradise, but it was, you know,
we said we propped them up in there and they were doing
the best they could of all the Arab countries.
They were living the, they had the greatest equality
between men and women. Right.
High standard living.
Decent economy.
Well, there you go.
But no, and now we're going to,
we're going to force democracy down your throats
whether you want it or not.
As if we are.
No, not too good of a job.
Now, speaking of democracy or what
are used to be schools rated by FBI and powering crackdown.
This is from the Arizona Republic.
Federal agents and Phoenix and elsewhere in the country
rated schools and other targets in a national crackdown
on pirated music CDs and movies.
You ready for that?
Agents poured through data and records
at a computer command center for the dear Valley School District
of the Northwest Valley.
This is in Arizona, Phoenix and blocked the office
from the public.
It was among other places in Arizona and quite a few other states
where sealed search warrants were served the FBI be saying.
The raids came on the same day that the justice
from officials in Washington announced the creation
of a new intellectual property task force
to step up copyright enforcement.
The intellectual property task force.
Some of the stolen copyrighted material being sought
in the raids is suspected this haven't been distributed
from overseas sources.
The raids are reflective of a new effort by the Justice Department
to treat copyright enforcement as a higher priority,
something that motion picture music industry officials have
been urging.
FBI agents rated the dear Valley District
Administration Services Center just
south of dear Valley High School in Glendale
about six a.m. and stayed most of the day.
The site houses the district's information services
and technology offices, essentially the brains
of the district's computer system,
said Timothy,
Tate district spokesman school officials were not
warned advance in the district's top officials,
including superintendent Virginia McEl Yee,
learned of the search warrant only when computers went down.
Classes were not disrupted,
but computer use in the district office was limited
with no internet access or email.
We were very much in the dark, Tate said.
FBI spokesman Paul Breson wouldn't come in
and why the federal government was searching a school district
system and he wouldn't identify the other sites in Arizona
or elsewhere that were served with the warrants.
Breson refused to comment on the rates
of dear Valley facility elsewhere
and he wouldn't say how targets were identified,
noting the search warrant was under court seal.
Last year, a Senate Judiciary Subcommittee held a hearing
on the link between International Copyright Parliacy
and Organized Crime and the FBI has said there's strong evidence
that organized crime groups have moved into
intellectual property crime using the profit
to pay for other activities.
On Wednesday in Washington, David Israelite,
Chairman of the Justice Department's intellectual property
task force announced the names of people who would serve
with them on a new task force created by Attorney General John
Ascroft, the task force will examine how the department
of justice handles intellectual property issues
and develop recommendations to future efforts,
the group expects to issue a report recommendations
to Ascroft by the end of the year.
I think the report's gonna say just not take doors down
and confiscate anything you want.
Books, computer records, all of these things.
You know what I'm saying?
All of these things, right.
Magazines, newspaper articles,
periodicals, et cetera.
Forland paper, stuff where graffiti written
on the tea room walls, all of these things.
I just mentioned that in passing
as the South of those boot sets keeps getting louder
and louder, love it or leave it baby.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
The worst TV show, look at that.
It didn't shut off.
I wasn't even paying attention to it,
but the good news is it came back on.
Aren't you gonna do better?
It came right back on.
Worst TV show of all time is your choice.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
I'm still fuming over that guy that just called you.
I think part of the country is the Terry Springer mentality.
And to answer, when Neil, no, George said,
most of the men don't wanna be there.
On Dan Ruther, two weeks ago,
they interviewed a gentleman as white.
He's been in Iraq for a year.
And he said that the president needed to answer
to all the soldiers that are there.
He's a West Point graduate,
and he lost three of his best friends.
And they asked him, I guess it's time the service is up
and he said, what are you gonna do now?
And he said, I'm gonna call the carry campaign
and see if I can not campaign for carry.
So, you know, it's even Chris Matthews said last week
when the conference, they showed the two people
that were fired.
And he said, how can these people be fired?
And the people who took us into war aren't fired.
I mean, you know, people, I don't know.
And now they're attacking carry on his war record.
You got an AWOL president, you got a vice president
who got a deferment never served one minute.
That's right.
That's right.
It's just unbelievable.
But, you know, I listen to you every day, I've read every book,
and again, I just feel that it's the people
who have no clue, no clue, they don't read,
they don't listen to what they're doing.
They're hopeless.
They're hopeless.
That's why I always feel I'm preaching to the choir.
No, you're not.
If it hadn't been for you, I would never
started reading two years ago.
And you just have to keep on.
And people are coming around, believe me, they are.
Slowly but surely.
Well, we've got a few months, we still got time.
Thank you so much.
Have a great day, thanks.
Bye-bye.
21-1-1-560 WDQM.
I love it or leave it.
You got to support our president.
No, we don't.
That's why we got an election.
OK, see, in a dictatorship, you don't have any choice
like in Cuba.
Right.
You have no choice.
And by the way, speaking of democratic elections,
they're not going to have any democratic elections in Iraq.
I'd like to point that out to you.
The US and the US are going to decide who the ruling parties
are going to be.
And they're all going to be related to Ahmed Chalabi
and all his other family of gangsters.
That's what we're going to be putting in there.
But anyway, just drop that in.
Don't let a body.
Hey, is your company suffering from regulations
that increase labor cost?
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people
side of your business.
Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company
employee benefits, human resource services,
and risk management are just a few of the services.
Oasis outsourcing can help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation of 1-866
at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide,
Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets
of human resource management.
Outsourcing has been recognized by firms large
and small as a powerful management choice,
which allows you to focus on your core business
while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing.
Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable
if you'd like a fee evaluation with no obligation.
Just make that tool free call 1-866- at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Oasis outsourcing is a mighty law.
Use this force when you'll buy six.
2 AM.
This is Larry King and they don't come any better
than Neil Rogers.
Whee!
I'm a bitch, he's a bitch, that bitch, he's a bitch,
he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a whole wide world.
He's a stupid bitch, he's an average, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a wild-up, boy, you ain't care.
I'm a bitch, he's a bitch, I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he
he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he's a bitch, he
pro 45 what's not to like how come I stopped playing that I don't know I give up got a nice good bleep in it and just to make sure yeah anyway let's see here's the fact it says neo chaney got five deferments from the draft Clinton got one
yeah but the real question is how many jobs did chaney get huh we know about boba he got a few that's what's all about see that that's another thing you look back on that sad tragic era the Kenny star era
of course now we got the Kenny Lera that's another story the Kenny star era when a country got dragged through all of this crap over lies about somebody's sex life that had nothing to do with anything
we had impeachment proceedings we wasted millions and millions of your tax dollars over
jobs which we can't even say the word anymore that's how that's how much things have changed in just three years
all the words that we can't say all the bits we can't play all the things we can't do
the patriot act my ass just an excuse to bring in the fascism that they were looking to do in the first place
so they can put you under their thumb just like Mick Jagger would say under my thumb that should be our instead of the national anthem we should have under my thumb is our
set of the stars bangle banner tragic let's affect uh i got that here somewhere we'll pay in the background a whole show every day under my thumb
we'd like a little Nazi of boots marching in the back five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line the worst TV show of all time is
so far we got the rick sanchez show one eleven they can't touch your rick they'd like to with their fist and in the cold show 79 oh that's right we can't play that bit
dr. Phil 65 survivor 45 magic johnson's chat show 43 it chat
rosio diol show 31 seven hundred club 25 he haunt 19 rosian 12 little house on the prairie ramswood
mary ten touch produced by an angel ten i'm still waiting by the way for the updated memo from naples four mires
did we get one no no they're really on top of it i'm a sin a morning ten oh do it very well
our sineo hall nine the love boat eight american idol six the gong show six see if they don't get it there
was a show that was camp it was supposed to be bad they just don't actually camp more commande five three
scumty five dupe's a hazard five friends four Alice four what are friends four fear factor four petticoat junction three
the a team has got three a aftermash three full house three green acres three lost in space two that was fun
yes simple minded people around the horn two welcome back caught her two the walton's got a pair cold pizza two
one for the violent equipment every time i think of the violent woman i think a Lorraine Hobbes in network
ABC's got the violent woman CBS got the six million dollar man i got howard deal
remember that yes she was great she was a badass comic after can't say that no more either no
who don't even think about it anyway what a great movie and now more and more you see how even more
that's coming to the cut to pass the deal with the Saudis right remember that where
remember him robber do all sitting there i'm a man without a kingdom blah blah blah blah all
this other crap they're up to their armpits up to their uh their knee deep in telegrams whatever
it was we want the Saudi deal stop now that was 1972 i do believe over 30 years ago but at any rate
we got important things to worry about like friends w the q a m hello hi yes i'd like to speak to
speaking yes sorry i have a i have something for your poll go ahead mama's family
mama's family yes thank you Lawrence as the old lady oh god horrible show good choice thanks
pally have a great day got it we got it mama kory o'one five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty i have all these other random thoughts i know what this is all about maybe maybe the end
is near oh my god the end of the show now the end of the show end of gay w a m hello hello yes sir
yes i'm participating in the fall for you yes sir you're speaking to him oh no you don't
uh chevy chevy chevy talk show that lasted about how many minutes
fuck good man i was one of the shortest live shows in history yep good choice thanks me
see you chevy chase the chevy chase show they chased that sucker right off the air that was bad
really bad fact at least our cineos did on the year for a few weeks i don't want to say
we don't want to wear that out w k u a m hello sir uncle niel yes sir oh one of the worst programs ever
ever conceived the brave bunch for radio hour oh yeah that was the brave bunch itself wasn't bad
enough that the Brady bunch right it could they sing no could they don't know they were horrible
yeah okay thanks the Brady Bunch variety hour were a family but that that about how about the
Robert Reed he's still there i bring you pardon no the Brady Bunch variety hour just having a flashback
yeah then they make a movie i believe they made a movie you're talking like the the actual Brady kids
i don't know i mean they made this this move well then they had the the spin-off nothing
for right here but they had a spin-off the Brady oh there's been like oh they had to be movies like
the the Brady brides and all right that's it oh man wow wow wow wow wow wow w k u m hello
cico and the man cico and the man poor Freddie Prince he still did by the way there's a little
pay for it cico and the man that was Freddie Prince right c and the red fox no
Sanford and son right now who was in that well don't tell me all right that wasn't Freddie
Prince that was uh oh was it what in Sanford Sun yeah yeah that was red fox like you just said
no but who else was in red fox with them i who else was in Sanford and son with the red fox
and mom Wilson that my there you go demand Wilson he also used to be on Hollywood squares yeah a lot
people i couldn't get too much work doing anything else they were like in Hollywood squares in the
match game like Brett summers and they made me a great movie that Brett summers was in although
didn't i tell you a couple of years ago that i actually saw her in a movie some i never even knew
she was really an actress yeah some old old ancient the list haler movie with Brett summers man what a
bitch and wonder Jack Clarkman can't speak anymore he made all the screaming he did at her
30 QAM hello not there on line 8 QAM hello yes sir yeah we're gonna say about the
TV show small wonder small wonder yes okay it's a small it's uh no wonder that's not
anymore what was that it was about a uh little girl android uh how cute yeah not
5 6 7 0 5 6 the worst TV show in history of all time not just the last couple of weeks
although Rick Sanchez show which hasn't been on long as just i think he's got a safe lead now
and it's cool to start to creep up on his ass but then she backed off especially when he started
squatting over that map wd QAM hello hey Neil how are you today pretty good sir how you doing
how about the worst show ever name that flu i mean tune name that tune with the time Kennedy
i mean i can you name this song in three notes that's i can name in the two notes i can
listen one i can name that one that was a bad show time Kennedy in fact you know something there
ought to be more quiz shows on list because there've been a lot of bad quiz shows man there've been
some bad ones in fact i'm going to tell you one of them i don't even know the name of it i'm
going to tell you one of them but i do know the name of it oh what's the one uh with Mrs. Robinson
and Robinson what is that show the uh the something the uh oh come on the weakest link the weakest link
but much worse than that but that got to be on there put that on there please Josh the weakest link
that could be the weakest show man it is so just obnoxious i i would love to have seen one of those
contestants get up and just smash her in a mouth anyway go ahead it's no uh who wants to be a
millionaire yes much worse yes millionaire name of the show is million well actually they
no actually was originally who wants to be a millionaire right yeah but don't you remember how hot
that was and if it's really hot one day a week let's put it on three days a week let's put it
on eight days a week slowest moving game show ever yeah we're that dramatic music and every
you're just talking through it see okay thanks you're fine lancers fine lancers are you okay is that it
and uh ask them ten more times we just yeah do you want to use your lifeline you want to do i got
to play that thing yeah i'll play i'll play the regician the puffy i'll play that in a bit we
still can play that i think hey well we'll find out w wq a m hello meal yes sir
anybody who doesn't know regesanches that's unbelievable but can you borrow the cardboard
audience from your buddy which one is that joy Reynolds yeah that show was a memory you got the
joy Reynolds show with a cardboard audience that was if you can borrow that audience he would take
the trophy because that's when he's missing until the one we'll pass it along great idea thanks
send it over to channel six regesanches needs joy Reynolds cardboard audience remember that
i remember he had a show on channel ten and they actually had cut cut out cardboard uh people
to pretend that they had an audience you know and they've photographed them from a long
long ways away and all those people that is he joy Reynolds wow there was now there was a broadcaster
man joy Reynolds he was i have my nose up kneels i have to get it out of there man
wow it is just i wonder what that pain's been all these years he was if if i think of the term
radio loser i'm not sure who comes to mind first Tommy Kramer or joy Reynolds you know that's
the same time a Kramer who did not do drugs back when it was fashionable in the 60s and 70s of course
he just looks bad natural he didn't have to do drugs what a loser Tommy Kramer of course good buddy
i do believe because if you like douche by an angel man you'll see on packs now you'll see all of
those shows over and over and what was this thing with somebody on 7th heaven was uh when i
do that story it was on our website yesterday i think somebody from the show was busted for
beating somebody up or some crap like that do you why all of these things i hate hurting it's
just a tv show okay it's just a no big deal let me look at something
well no i just i did the same thing that i always do and i tore up my log okay which is not a good
idea oh that's probably not a good idea at all because i got a spot to do here it's kill that damn
music man kill the music man 1256 at 560 wqm springing the savings right now and save like never
before on a great new car truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead they're on us one 20 minutes
south of the 836 and it's easy to get there worth a drag too because they're going to save you
so much cash thousands on great new toyotas check out the great least deals waiting for it right now
at Armstrong Toyota in oh 4k we are 499 a month for 48 months how about an oh 4 highlander just
3 oh 9 a month need a truck how about a Toyota tundra in oh 4 no less the safest truck in america
you pay just 179 a month for 48 months and these is just a few of the savings waiting for you right
now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead general manager david richen a staff or treat you right they'll
do whatever it takes to get you a deal and get you with a great new toyota 2 day so experience
for yourself the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference locally owned and operated a committed
to 100% customer satisfaction and their service departments even open late to late we've
nights to make sure they get all that worked on for you easy to find them they're right at the
corner of us one and 2 93rd and homestead 20 minutes south of the 836 and Armstrong Toyota homestead
offers you free tires batteries and replacement parts for life you heard right batteries tires and
free parts for the life of the vehicle nobody else does that so don't waste your time with those
mega dealers or car giants who always let you down call our good friend david rich the GM at Armstrong
Toyota homestead here's their number it's 305 242 3247 that's 305 242 3247 drive a little and save
a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead
drive a little more sports radio 560 2 a.m.
don't you just hate people that you snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two
hour all right let's play who wants to be a millionaire
huh daddy sitting in the chair I'll call you puffy yo yo yo yo are you ready yeah here's your
$100 question finish this nursery right all right hickory dickory blank is it a doc B peer see
marina or d inlet whoa man is it a hundred dollar question right you're kidding me right this is a
hundred dollars for one hundred dollars this ain't a million dollar question oh this is the first one
totally for a hundred dollars is this a black thing would you like to use a lifeline yeah all right
what do I got what do I got well we have the ask the audience the 50 50 and the phone a friend
ask the audience now too many white people in here they're 50 50 and gonna help me oh you know
I'm gonna phone a friend got a phone a friend on the hundred dollar question finishing the nursery
right yeah all right who we gonna call puffy oh my boy old dirty bastard old dirty bastard yeah dirty
we're calm our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you
yo old dirty yeah man read just filbin from who wants to be a millionaire how are you
I got your friend here puff daddy your dirty was that what's up what's up what's up what's up all right all
right all right old what's up he old dirty uh puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the
hundred dollar question first question and uh the next voice you hear will be his he'll come on
the line he'll ask you the question he'll give you four possible choices are you set
next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins now
what's up
yo dirty finish this off for me all right all right
hickory dickory blank is it a doc b pia c marino or d inlet oh come on man i don't got much time
i know this man i know it i see you here p you sure but but third man this is a lot of money man
about 30 but i mean 30 man what time time's up uh old dirty said pia whoo you still have two
lifelines left we are on the hundred dollar question you know what we just want to pull the audience
no i like to add a lifeline i'll actually know there's only uh three lifelines of use one
you have two life no no i get another lifeline it's a brand new one to the game and uh what is that
puffy it's called shoot the host puffy you can ask the audience i call it shoot the whole puffy used
to fifty-fifty what's the answer puffy it's dark it's a it's dark my final answer is dark it's dark
and it's a good one you got a hundred dollars run you run you run run run
don't run you run run
one oh three and five sixty w. q. i anyway this article i just uh emailed at the Eric to put
on a website either today or tomorrow when you get around to a Eric from newsweek magazine
the human cost of the war in Iraq they were sent to fight for their country but some g.i.s
didn't have all they needed to protect themselves anyway there's a pull there's a pull that
they're taken and you know these poles and there's not a choice on here i don't like this
pull either by the way should the military alter its policy and allow photos to be taken
of fallen soldiers returning home nearly fifty two thousand responses sixty five percent say yes
thirty one percent say no and only four percent i don't know sixty five percent say it's two thirds
but oh we don't want people seeing them great coffins man because it's bad bad from morale it looks
like our people are really actually dying over there besides just pat tilman whose body was
returned to the u.s. it's come back i just thought you'd want to hear that okay
case there's any more about pat tilman you haven't heard yet
did we hear anything more about the uh let's see there we're seven i can't even keep track
there's a double digits over the weekend between Saturday Sunday and today
did we hear any more about any of them no no any names no any uh addresses no ages no uh shoe size
uh what they were doing what they gave up to go fight for their country no
w.m. hello
yes sir okay color and a uh barrel like i said color in a barrel somewhere that was good
was that you're putting on a voice yeah that was him i'm looking on that schedule i don't see
uh no Joe but i do see the crow holy moly mad dog at two the humpar at four from Shula's
take two and i mean like we still haven't heard any word about those gober sucks uh placards
at the game that could not have been our uh humpar credit no chance and tonight at seven o'clock
the crow is on because we got late games they're playing out on the west coast they're starting to
west coast the trip colorado san francisco all of these things so the marlins at colorado the
crow seven away thirty pregame show eight thirty nine oh five nine oh five the game marlins at the
rocky's and eddy can't get some i don't i guess look at that mid oh all week long it must be on
vacation you see that oh no no no like i said all uh these two nights long so we've got a
couple of days off to go plunges guts out w.m. hello different strokes terrible yes sir good
choice thank you let's see family affair somebody's got here denison the pit of hell in tempuses
family affair awful two little kids named buffy and jody being raised by their dad and a
buggler always about the run at you Sebastian cabinet ah Sebastian cabinet he's still dead yes
bad and made it come back yet well i'll tell you one thing if if CNN will give us as much
information on what's really happening in the world is there about the kobi brine case and about
pat hillman died on friday weathe sure as hell uh no american public might know something
on and on and on who gives a flying how about kobi brine okay how many women you think are
raped in america every year how many thousand but third man when you say
thousand thousand what i was over by the fact for sure i'm a serious but this kobi brine thing it's a
rape case just like alien eat the rest of the child custody case but like i told you back during
the alien era the meaning will tell you what's important and what you ought to care about just like
scot and lacy Peterson do i care about that i refuse to care about it no you will i don't and i won't
they have they that's why i stay out of the country a lot because i will not care about scot or
lacy Peterson or the dead baby or any of these things i won't care
come to qa and hello not there aligned that line one man it's got a real unapura but i'm a grande
come to qa and hello good afternoon to you all good afternoon to you sir uh how about the show
alis alis made it in fact alis let me take a look i can tell you how alis is doing
alis is illinous matter of fact alis has got four votes not to into a big week of vote for him thank you
alis at the palace as long as i live i'll never forget this w a w s kind of a uh this mildly
amusing story it's one of those you had to be there to really appreciate it deals
because once i started calling al rantel alis rantel on a year and then finally she was dragged
out of the closet on the light bulb years later but anyway i always called her alis rantel
right one day one day we get a sponsor that both a restaurant and four lotterdale maybe some
people remember it didn't stick around too long the palace it was on sunrise i believe
out in four lotterdale here you uh whatever anyway al we went eight there one day and i'd go on
on the next night and told the story about how i ate with alis at the palace
yeah that's the end of the story oh i'm sorry i was not like a big son of ants and i'm sure he
wasn't too happy about it but it just it just fit in so well it was such a perfect fit if i can
say that so didn't he jump back in when i don't know i thought i heard you tell us rantel is back
in the closet oh he's in and out in and out oh we can't say that line nine w q a m hello
can i do nil yes sir when i do you um a really bad show on the side by network legs legs
wrex le x x why are p's are crap as in lex looter or some other lex some other lex
probably they don't want to be identified by alis name with okay thanks a lot of time i want to be
anonymous lex got it and we'll get it you've you've seen it yeah good idea bad show i see
they kind of like i'm not suggesting this for the pool because if i say it a josh will put it
down in their small bill you know good concept but it's just the the scripts have gotten weaker
and weaker haven't seen that in a long long time small bill but don't put that on there because
it sure ain't the worst TV it had its moments you know it was okay
w q a m hello hey anyone mentioned good times with f a roll big a good times yeah like we had
got that she still did like i said and j j walker what that's the show he was on yes and he was
also on hollywood squares yes you're all time favorite celebrity from hollywood squares is
we never did that pull no we have it how many people in this audience you think watch hollywood
square the only hollywood squares they know is like this new one with whoopi golberg on there and
man oh man she sends me right to the bowl that's a martin mulling the center these days
it is yeah they don't come no dollar then martin muller got that right there's that
Robert muller the head of the FBI love is the uh Paul end right who was the guy from the wild
wild west with the funny here which which cares it's a marty Allen i don't know you don't know
god i can't believe this i think i just want to hit the mother load here i've seen every episode of wild
wild west maybe he wasn't in that show he was on some show uh Charlie weaver oh yeah he was on
their line see one thing about almost all the great people Vincent Price he's dead waitland flowers
and madam they're not dead yet maybe madame is uh erica strata was under a few tell though i
think that's on the newer one at the that queen and they always have to put some i'm Bruce
Philancin i always use the center square since the days of paul and it's kind of obligatory now
the middle square has got to be some flaming queen okay so i think next time mr strata sonat
show sticker in the middle where she belongs please cracker please toti field toti field she's dead
had her legs chopped off diabetic diabetes she was probably eating at the
egg creams at the famous restaurant with big pot daddy dig whatever's named big daddy nap in his
way is he on is he on the phone Brian yeah no we got our chat box oh you got your chat box
so come on let's keep him going man Hollywood squares he's slow what that was the a Peter Marshall right
right who's real name i was i don't know come on my his real name was Pete Lakakh
i had no idea see brides a slow type and his son played first base i think for the Yankees if
i do recall some was a major league baseball player all you know i didn't know that wallie cocks
come on brine that was bad timing by the way after i just told you that it was bad type wallie
cocks he's still dead he and marlin brando had little thing Pete Lakakh i just got through san
right he was the oh okay yeah how about you what was your name from the oh god and Marie Rosemary
oh Rosemary oh yeah Rosemary she lived on that for a while bulldoch and what about the uh
wrote what about the one with the the shaman not the shaman the uh the scottel the uh oh geez she just
died the bounty lady she was on there and she was talking to this huh mad just no no mad with
your soaking in it you better get your commercials right man you're sure our screwed up and don't
know who Marty Allen is who what's his name Rossi was his name Martin I don't know who Ross Martin
Ross Martin that's what i just got you say right no but he's a different guy i'm already
Allen's a guy with a frizzy here look like uh never know the s you did if you saw him you'd know him okay
vocal brine was playing two while i do the spot one thirteen at five sixty wm delights
a west bokeh is dedicated to providing you the best products for the weight loss phase if you low
carb diet London lead you run i beg your pardon London lead if you're on the atkin sugar buster
i have no idea who that is what it what is that he's naming off people in the squares i never heard
that neither if you're on the atkin sugar buster south beach or any low carb sugar free diet in the
jaw john davidson not the hockey guy but the singer and i use that term loosely head forward delights
a west bokeh the number one low carbs store in america many of the new reduced car products and
store shelves right now are geared toward cutting back on carbs but who wants that they're not
geared to weight loss but delights a west bokeh's expertise has always been on the weight loss
phase of low carb dieting delights curries over a thousand products and just about all of them
have a focus toward the lowest possible carbs that can fit in a way successful low carb weight
lost plan milk came in milk came in remember him uh Jewish boy i think he's dead their spring
sale is in full swing so stop by they got a staff that really knows their crap inside and out
they're open every day seven days a week from ten to ten the lights a west bokeh they run the
northeast corner of glazed in four forty one right next to Boston market you can call them at one
eight seven seven low carb alo w c a r b run to have your final in low carb dot com don't forget
for all you divers out there you desperate was there's only one delights a west bokeh that's your
official act in retail service my life and law this is four three oh five six
i urge everyone to complain to this station
ah
no operator give me the number for nine one one this woman has to be got to hospital
hospital what is it? it's a big building in patients it's not a board right now
till i have size it's the latest in price i was traveling far
we were out of Beijing last night
calling dr. Howard dr. Wayne dr. Howard
if i effected all the next ones selected
have i a risk? do i need a face and ask with stars?
brain of god is medically impossible
no one it is that's a people like a dead it's not an elation i hope it doesn't let them
when i head in
he's a sick man this is where sick people come
oh no go i have an ingest pain where's the defibrillator
it's being paid for itself
do i have stars if the lab has been fried i was troubled in fall
through out of Beijing last night
well we're safe for now thank goodness we're in a bowling alley
do i have stars? all they want
i know you got the wrong number
do i have stars? make it nice come back in china by the way i think they got four
cases and somebody died over there already they'd probably back on the civic
cat died again they would just stop that
stop eating all them critters right barbets
one nineteen at q.a.m here's the facts from alan says if you're not using
survivors of catch-off for all bad reality shows which we're not
i'd like to nominate big brother for your pool it originated in europe i
holland in holland i think he says that's right
and so the highlight there was always to see people having sex so it was very
popular in holland germany england et cetera but of course the fcc
mixes that over here and you're left all all your left with is a boring show
people just sitting around being boring without anything actual boring going on
survivors popular here because you can show people being the seatful and
manipulative in the name of pure greed it's the american effing way
survivor was a bust in europe because you can't sell a show just because it
has nudity and it's no big deal so i'm a big brother good story big brother
did you find out who Marty Allen was? no he he's got the
he looks like hell
okay every tribe right yeah kind of like that yeah without the mustache
we're very good uh as well how do you know what he looks like then if you don't
know who he is i was just imagining a yellow fuzzy headed guy it looks like
jackey mason with frizzy hair anyway stew says i found this on the internet
ton of might be helpful when describing how bush got the troops into a rack
it's Schwarzenegger saying you cooked up the story and
doped us into a meat grinder drop this i'd rather i see well it's this skull
with one p droped us and drop this into a meat grinder thank you stew but get
your spelling right next time
carried by our time how to wood squares all the time right jackey letter
jackey letter big fat jackey letter he's dead he was fat how he's dead
the rickals pretty pretty and i'll tell you i'll tell you another one before
Bruce Vlanche replaced the Paul Indonette square
Jim j bullock oh yeah that's right with the center square she was the center
square for a long time as bullock who was on one of the horrible shows it was
nominated on our pool today George goble George goble is correct i just
wrote that down as a matter rich little rich little right with clean
Stevenson right Joey Bishop right Pat Moon Pat Boone in the box he was in
the boone in the square Carol Channing Carol Channing was on
there a lot right Reynolds Phyllis Diller David Runner
right oh oh he makes he makes me anti-semantic
talker one of our regular facts who says knows pickers from trailer parks
phony stage fights sloppy fat trams splashing their breasts skinny tootless
and meant only producing without a thought reproducing does it get any worse
than the Jerry Springer show oh right here you go how do we leave him off of it huh
carbon salt the unique niche very very popular but also could be the worst
TV show in history although i'll tell you one i'll nominate Montel Williams
okay i just i'm just tired of him what what's he got he's got some kind of a
thing you know he's got some kind of an illness and horrible thing i don't
let me let him go we're supposed to watch it so we feel sorry for him in his
bald head i'll tell you who else really and enough that this has anything to do
with our topic dip Clark was on with our good friend the king master uh-huh
and they replayed it over the weekend and the reason he was on there was to
talk about the fact that he's got type two diabetes and don't we feel sorry for him
well i mean he was practically in tears and it isn't a pretty unusual when somebody has type
two diabetes i mean how many million people have it about 30 man yeah including me right i don't
understand the point all of that like oh gee i got type two diabetic yeah so take your
insulin or your pills or whatever you're doing and just uh quit eating all the crap and dummy
up and quit eating at that awful place that you open where you're having all of me legal aliens
those are work for uh make work thing from uh boiling for columbine we hate dip Clark man i'll
tell you that right now used to like him now we hate him he's a real class whole joey loves cha
chi i say regretfully i have to agree with that in fact i'll give you another one i can't think
of the name of it what was the show with the willy aims and um um uh scott bail charles and charge
charles in charge man that was a bad bad show that wasn't just a bad show that was a real bad show
charles in charge charles charles she was on a holiday all the time yeah charles
plus shat john davison buddy hackett robber Blake yeah quit my your head
wnaq aam hello i got a good one for you okay hello larry hello larry that was on about two
minutes right uh you in teranonil yes sir will you be able to get on the ferry and go over to rochester
i hope not why not they got enough theories in rochester five six seven oh five sixty who
don't want to go to rochester what is this man talking about in fact when they started that thing
they kept saying about well a lot of rochesterians have come over and visit teranon you know but who
to help from teranon wants to go to rochester not this kid not since they closed down done on bobs
how's their friends at dick and urs doing by the way they still around
i don't know you know me i get even when i'm there i get no input from that sales department it's like
oh we can't be bothered to know what's going on all they want is just grind the money to the the
qa the beastly money machine and too bad they don't have for the fifty bucks to send you those
toothbrushes i you know what i would like to do i would like to when i get the toothbrushes i think
i'm going to put something special on them and send them right to beastly headquarters and i'll
pay the free i like that i don't i don't want to tell you what i'm going to put on them okay but it's
soon they open the package they'll have an idea what it is wqa hello hello i'm sorry suggest maude
maude was a horrendous she made me puke i think i got a divorce because of that
wouldn't blame you thanks a lot of time and what about golden girls since we're mentioned in b
Arthur another walking yet for anti-semitism if there was one now who was it hello larry what was his
larry uh oh you don't know that one or am i thinking of somebody different that other
jewish comedian the one that makes me sick of it is on hbo or you're thinking of uh yes uh Gary
chandelier Gary chandelier oh man ooh i get the heebie jibis when i see Gary chandelier you know
that's where that term came from like Jerry Seinfeld when i get see Jerry Seinfeld i get the heebie
oh man it's a little too Jewish for me you know even an old Jew like me okay well it's like when i'm
in soft flurry you know and i drive through some rice lakes oh i get the heebie jibis a little too
Jewish for nia 26 after one at five sixty w to qm if you're playing i'm replacing your carpets
because they look a little on the rough side don't spend all that money because all you have to do
is call our good friends and drive concepts are the best in the universe at bringing back carpet
to life they've been doing it for me in several homes by the way for over 20 years now over 20 years
and every time i use them i'm still amazed because when they leave you look around on that
floor and think you just had brand new carpeting laid even the nastiest most used up carpeting looks
just like brand new when they get done with their exclusive pendant drag cleaning method they leave
your carpets vibrant and color soft to the touch they smell em and they fresh they're drying a
couple of hours what is not to like and they give you a guaranteed written price up front before
they start to work like the other carpet cleaning companies they always seem to rip you off give you
all these tack on add-ons at the end of the job now we drive concepts so whether it's your draper
your furniture your area rugs your expensive oriental rugs your carpeting these are the folks you want
to trust and when you call not only you get that guaranteed low price but if you want time to put
you on their stand by list you can save an extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning too so call
drive concepts just one time and my job will be done because you'll never use anybody else again
call them toll free 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the wicked web at
dragconcepts.com
i like the ease of the song more than writing
plenty of time like the american pie thing
now let me guide you i don't think i'll keep this is my favorite karaoke oh yeah i love the way
that it ended the bitch haven't been the same since sir
woke up dying dying i know i heard that was some party crack read through
yeah but thing i didn't go much advancing of course it's not easy flying back there from
module seven i know thank god i'm here it's all over for you poor slip stuck on earth president
no well well if you're lucky that crack head is the last bus to rig an election who's on this line
w. q.a. mr. Rogers speaking i was in the public sugarlactica today
sir and let me tell you the clip out coupons in Thursday's paper under shipping i discovered
a my son no it is a check out there son no
the stone's was not too for 99 cents on the contrary
got them all
was two brake stones for 99 cents now i don't know about you that's right
they tried to pedal me two brake stones but a price of two brake stones cottage cheese
when the coupons clearly stated well use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails
now who's this son is line seven and nine cling on penal colony hello i forgot it until
three tires no i got okay on that note you know i got a renegotiate my contract
how about a one-minute show huh you can fill the other three minutes that's right
bottle can't keep behind his next George bye bye bye
132 at five 60 w. t. q.a.m. Rick Sanchez show you can't touch him man 126 the worst TV show in
history and in a cool show 87 dr. Phil 75 magic Johnson
chant show 55 survivor 51 seven hundred clubs 40
rosio downal 38 that's great he haught 22 i miss in the morning is so boring 15
rosand 13 uh look at that i missus coming out on top of rosand
crushed by an angel 12 our cennial hall 11 little house on a puri 10
the love vote nine fear factor nine and the american idol eight gong show it's uh
single digits from there marty allen how do i get into this he was on Hollywood squares
here's his filmography then they can face 84 he's still alive by the way he's 82 okay i can't
believe you never know who marty allen is he's got the real freaky here i'm sure i know
cannonball run two um whale of a tale allen the raw the the prize partner was uh
rossi see i kept saying that i don't remember what his name was allen a rossi
he was uh he had a whole bunch of stuff all crap the ballot of billy blue
um herod summer first TV appearance wait till you're there it's 1948
toast of the town with the uh the ed Sullivan show allen a rossi and of course 1966 Hollywood square
is told you this is your life 1971 love american style the big valley dean martin show
quats my line i've got a secret see what i mean that i got these art purly here with their
cuttery seating hairline yeah oh that guy marty allen see i knew it come back love american style
is he uh all over that yes okay i know the guy and like i told you all of these people who couldn't
yet know i hear love american style playing fontean not johnny fontean just fontean at any rate the
people i couldn't get working much and anything else they would appear on these quiz shows i've
got a secret quats my line uh match game all of these things here's the fact that his hi up pally
with all the glowing tributes to patillum and they seem to have left out in his spare time a cured
cancer performed open heart surgery and helped little ladies cross the bull or ravaged street the press
needs to calm down calm down about this all the men and women deserve this kind of time and you
absolutely correct it was nauseating to me i mean just all weekend long every time he'd flip on
CNN within two three minutes here be another a piece on patillum and he did this you
well fine okay he never stole a freight train and he was courageous in this and that in fact
they they had a thing on this morning somebody emailed to um the morning show on CNN
that after watching all this feeding frenzio we can long now they understand that when he made
his decision to go join the military and leave the NFL that's why he refused to talk to the media
because basically you're a bunch of grave robbers is what you are you're a bunch of crazy people
you people in the media you're a bunch of lunatics the media is sick and they talk badly
w.a.c.u.a.m. hello hi male i can't believe you you forgot our favorite talk show host
yes Joey Reynolds now we mentioned him we mentioned he's a somebody mentioned his cardboard audience
is he on the pole no it's not on the pole because it was like a local show we're talking about
shows that somebody actually saw well so it's written says yeah but he transcends that because
at least he was on msnbc somebody knows who he is how many people how many people watch msnbc
one of them if it makes you feel better what we'll put Joey on there before Rick there was Joey
okay okay thanks bye aren't we lucky Joey Reynolds show you got it we got it nice job
five six seven oh five sixty we got the mad dog Jim mandist the world famous number eighty eight
oh right coming up from soleno high oh right to this afternoon Hank Goldberg the Humber the
Thumper the Hebrew Hammer at four he's a tool to stay tuned Miami Lakes probably mind your mind
your right now you think he's eating I'm sure Warren chromarty the crow at seven basically because
we're back at a baseball season now and Jim Sarny he likes the crow okay he loves the crow we're
gonna start programming we program part of our day for Barry Jackass why not for Jim Sarny
Hey my friend my friend my many Ramirez there you go that's what you'll hear between seven and
eight thirty Marlon game eight thirty to pregame nine oh five Marlon's that Colorado the Marlon's
had a tough weekend against the Braves and the kind of bizarre how they used to own the Braves and
they just went almost every game against them now it's the opposite they beat the crap out
everybody else especially the Phillies but the Braves they can't win a fish game they won one of the
three not too good WQA him hello Neil yes sir yes it was Steve Rossi from
Steve Rossi and Marty Allen right also the bounty lady was Rosemary Clooney no no no she did
some spots I think but no she was not the the real bounty lady okay who did the singing
that quick-a-pecker upper no in fact now that you're seeing her name was Rosie not Rosie
okay Rosie not also very clearly okay thanks put your head Rosie the quick-a-pecker but you
don't remember her she was just obnoxious she had right here thin face I remember really it's a
quick-a-pecker upper she was on that show Hollywood squares like I said people I had a tough time
getting worked on anything else they were on a Hollywood squares after Jack Paura went off the
earth then he had Charlie we were was our cliff our cat was on the in fact what's your name our cat
what's your name Rosetta Rosanna our cat she's been on her lot in fact maybe she's sitting in
daddy's seat five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
that was kind of like the the low-key humor seat George Govall Charlie we were bottom left
right no left I've never watched a complete Hollywood squeeze get out of here WQA and hello
hello Neil yes sir hey what about Mike Douglas the Mike Douglas show but was he an interviewer or what
yeah my grandmother liked him that's there you go and what do I ask you I like to send in
D on fanners as Pat Tillman's back up oh oh that's bad that was bad with that better what that was
better five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless wireless
line I'll tell you that Deon Sanders he also gives me the heavie GVC and even Jewish Nancy Walker
Nancy Walker she was the quicker picker uppercur she played Rosie the quicker picker uppercur very good thank
you Brian thanks Brian Nancy Walker she's dead isn't she yes she's dead and also the palm
all of your soaking in a lady which you have already forgotten and the first beef lady that too
oh yeah uh uh uh clear up color right where's the beef probably in Dave Thomas's heart
probably stuck in there just like the guy from McDonald's these CEC died last week but what a bad
break huh that'll teach you all them big max man there are you clogging your heart quitting all
that crap okay throw away the bun at least if you want to eat that garbage do yourself a favor do
a little atkins style throw away the bun and this South Beach die cow what's this guy's name aggro
aggravating male aggravating male livers name is he really just pisses me off I mean such a
flagrant ripoff of adkins let me just outrageous and you look at the book and his I know I've
been through all this before but I just want to vent for five seconds times up all these all these
photos and articles of his favorite restaurants where you know he's eaten for free on South Beach
I mean well what is that if you buy the book in peoria you're gonna be eaten in South Beach I don't
think so who gives a crap about his famous eateries in South Beach Mr. Shmuz and Luz you know
the South Beach die at my ass speaking of your ass let me tell you about something mighty important
and that is Hollywood Diagnostic Center if you're concerned maybe you have like bad genes you know
maybe you got a history of heart disease in your family may or lung disease maybe you're a heavy
smoker and you were the maybe your lungs are like in bad shape maybe just you reach that age like
me where you're worried about all these things of what's going on inside your body because the key
to beating disease is detecting it early that's the key to treatment that really is effective
Hollywood Diagnostic Center and I had to test myself a couple of weeks ago proud to announce
their virtual colonoscopy coronary heart scory and full body screening exams that can detect cancer
other life threatening diseases in their early stages while still worthwhile finding and then
of course if they don't find anything you walk out of there with tremendous peace of mind I walked
out there and talked to myself holy crap I'm alive over here a doctor's referral doesn't even
need it for all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9 5 4 9 6 6 3 600 for a test
like I said that can give you and your family and your loved ones real peace of mind at Hollywood
Diagnostic Center they offer state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI high-speed cat scan
nuclear medicine and much much more so it takes some time it just takes a few minutes it's
totally painless non-invasive it'll be one of the most important things you can do for yourself
and your health Hollywood Diagnostic Center they've been serving South Florida for over 20 years
their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service so that like if George's mother
broke her arm or leg or her neck they could come right out to her and maybe find her while there's
still time or not as a case maybe call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9 5 4 9 6 6 3 600 that's 9 5 4 9 6 6
3600 for your imaging exam do it today
yeah
146 and 560 W.C.
am I sure love to change my vote if I could but I can't
the nanny oh man that is it wow the nanny friend pressure oh yeah
how many areas they say in Newis lobby wow and that and the disfacts from Sean have inspired
me to a new series of polls I think I'm going to do which of these people is the most
two Jewish two Cuban two black two attendants who I'm going with this right to something
anyway Sean says how about the Jackie Gleason game show you're in the picture which was
canceled sometime before the opening theme song introduced in the panelists it was so bad that
Gleason insisted on going on a year to finally to apologize clips of which were shown to show
on 60 minutes PSI agree with you I'm Gary shambling when Jesse Jackson said a high me he was talking
about him yeah he's just too Jewish I get the he be jeeves from Gary shambling don't you like my
a pool thing it'll probably piss off some people you know what too bad the y'all look at the
Israel Apologist that come to you last week remember yeah oh my goodness oh they're killing
terrorists what's wrong with that well how about a real sure what do you think about him for next
damn and anyway 5 6 7 0 5 60 Gornish Delphin
and pound 5 60 on the 18t I'm so booked up by all of this I think I'm gonna have Delhi for lunch
back down how do you like that then maybe have me a bowl of monster ball soup and some kishki
or maybe some test get a Tisket out try a little brisket WDQA and hello hello yes sir
hey George yeah I got one for the list about that uh Hetzelhof night rider night rider's
an actual one thank you it's already on it it's already on there George all right I won't put
it on it don't put it on WDQA and hello hey Dale yes sir how you doing sir sensational
listen I just wanted to let you know I'm on a road trip I'm up here in Daytona Beach and I'm still
picking you guys up I can't oh my god Bob from with must have come by over to weekend and
Pete on the tower again excellent hey can you can I get a request sure if you can still play it
strange things in my box and we can still play it how do you like that cool you got it man thanks
brother see you bye bye bye bye valley we can still play that can we all though does say the word
box we'll have to run that by committee but I think we can still play I think it's safe just like I
thought Rick sent his over a rack was safe too man till he started blowing at the cheese oh man
boys and gasses that was bad he was hitting Sodom with his poison gas somebody QA him hello
QA him hello yes sir yes yes I am
put it back in a box Rick okay go see senior winches 5 6 7 0 5 60 they hate your rich
stances man it's one thing about him he if he could get as many viewers as he has people
ahead like poison he'd have a show going we have a show going no crap 132 he's 40 votes ahead of
the end of the cool smiths you'll and let's face it you got to really go a long way to top that
piece of turd WQA him hello QA him I knew yes sir one comes the mind is P.W. Huttleman's playhouse
okay yes sir I think that's perfect for you yes P.W. is a playhouse got it
WQA him hello I knew yes sir wasn't Nancy Walker the bounty lady I think it was Nancy Walker
was the one who was always squeezing the bounty yeah yeah quicker the quicker picker rubber
there you go show us talk to us yet a multiple of mush thanks a lot of color or something 5 6 7 0 5 60
on a AT&T advisor line WQA him hello hey what's going on guys how about no
starter for your is it Mel's diner or China I forget Mel's diner Mel's diner you know
it's slow maybe the show's out oh Alice yeah it's already on her thanks
boy that was who was that guy Mel who was that guy oh that guy he's another one
monkeys that wound up in TV he had sent it with the monkeys like the thing we just played
all be dead those monkeys oh WQA him hello hello Neil yes sir how you doing today
Ellen Ellen the Generate Rick Sanchez okay that's enough Ellen the Generate's okay Rick Sanchez
they're seem to get it no same person 5 6 7 you notice and people say how you doing and not
that we need to start with that because it gets really ponderous I'm still doing fine now
excellence just like the beginning the show but then they don't like this guy this last Brit
who is a little bit of a twit it wasn't listening you know what I'm saying why ask the question if
you don't really care sir if you don't care how I'm doing don't ask see what I'm saying that's
so how you doing I'll check unless you're after the break
absolutely the Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb at people killed with the gas that we
sold him first time aggressive nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled
to get that oil flowing forget about Korea and the notes there tells you that the right wing is
drilling it over and over into our it that Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
3,000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead hey there's oil to be
counted going after said down to play kato summa there's no longer mention of the name been
laudant but no one seems concerned all come be in complacence believe in every word of this
cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is
drilling it over and over into our heads that Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
the loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying we're all suspects now not the
ass crop this saying I have nothing to hide table partners all are saying I know be the
and cattle don't have any reservation out of provoked battle and world annihilation old regimes must
fall in have a virgin installed with no objection at all till the crap don't have the balls and the
right wing is drilling it over and over into our great watch that Iraq has some weapons of
mass destruction only I've racked has some weapons of mass destruction don't you ever forget it man
support your country support your president okay though we'd like to raise you in
on the lease a lie through her teeth nevertheless got a supporter right love it or leave it baby big
lies coming through those anyway perfect strangers says the worst show ever Santa says with Mark
Lynn Baker and Branson pin shot at Volky it's his social awful that was an old game show all the
show all the producers all the actors everybody involved oh my god oh my god we said we one of our
pulls we're going to take this series of pulls which of these the one for tomorrow which of these
people best fits the description of two Jewish okay I got to start Jerry Shanling friend
Richard Jerry Seinfeld but there's so many more right I don't want to leave it now I beg your
pardon check you Mason stop stop we don't want to do until the morning got Jackie Mason on their
two now I real sure oh shut up we're gonna start dumping you if you don't cut the crap
anyway Nancy Walker was the bounty lady that's what Santa we got we got that from holiday for me
okay well just we got to write okay one thing about this show we ask a question we get the answer
and then we get the answer you know she had good intentions she didn't realize okay she didn't
understand she's a little bit behind got it plus who who knows maybe that's back to him in a half
an hour ago you just squeezing it at any rate the worst TV show of all time Rick Sanchez show 134 they
hate you Rick and Nicole show 96 doctor Phil 79 magic Johnson chat show 60 survivor 54 the 700
club 52 the anxious Pat Robertson and the amazingly fat and obnoxious Rosie O'Donnell 42 like I
said we're gonna be having a new producer on a shoot of our George is gonna be suspended for two
three years and it'll be a hell of a show the mad dogs coming up next to Humper the Hebrew hammer at four
yeah
and have a show
a
