We are sports ready to fight, since we are a huge arena.
My alien Ford Lutter J.
I'm always broadcasting Morse code, I was at sound.
I'm the man!
The man!
F***!
Hey, we're searching.
Oh yeah, we're searching.
All up for the weapons of this corruption everyday.
Hey, hey, hey, we're gonna keep searching.
All up for the search and atmosphere.
Search and for the new car.
You know where, hey, hey, but I don't think we'll ever find them.
No.
They were in there in the first place.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Yeah, hey, no, no.
From house to house and under every hood.
You validate the spin of all those white house bugs.
If you still need convincing to me, why don't you see an end?
Oh no, no, no, no.
So lying from home.
Oh man, no, no.
But we're keeping on searching.
You know, searching.
Keep looking for proof of all the new things away.
Hey, hey, but you know they're gonna find them.
They never had them in their place.
10 out of 2 at 560 WM, happy Wednesday to you.
Big Marlon game next Tuesday by the way, market on your calendar, George.
Well, they're all big.
Another Marlonized Submission game next Tuesday at 110, which means 1255, it's bye-bye-bye.
Now, I don't want the audience to think that we planned, planned these early exits many days ahead.
If we look forward to those things.
It's almost like looking forward to vacation like Mark and the days off, like being on death row.
But we do.
I mean, why lie about it?
That's a nice thing.
I think three hours is plenty, more than enough.
In fact, there are people listening right now.
I think there are three minutes is more than enough.
Well, that's okay.
You're enjoying it in a very masochistic way.
Too bad.
South Florida TV host named Premiere of Haiti.
Did you know that?
No, I didn't.
Well, here we go.
A former Haitian foreign minister and popular South Florida television talk show host was selected yesterday to become Haiti's next prime minister.
To which we say,
the
Laptop,
Laptop,
was that Laptopcher?
A critic of Exile President Jean-Barris Staud, our esteed was chosen after two days of painstaking
deliberations by the U.S.
back Council of Sages.
To fill the power vacuum created in February 29 when Ehrestead resigned.
Well, that's an interesting choice of words when he, uh, VAMMOOZED.
When he went off to Central Africa to seek his fortune.
Laptopcher 2 will lead a transitional government that will pave the way for presidential elections next year.
We can get some of those death squads back in charge again.
Okay?
They'll clean things up.
I'm very excited to be able to do something for my country to bring all Haitians together.
Laptopcher 2 said in a telephone interview with the Herald.
It's time for us to forget our differences and come together for the country in this biosentennial year.
You know how old he is?
I give up about 30.
60.
Well, I can't say 69.
No.
He's 60 something.
Okay, he's an old fart.
He's one year less than 70 years old.
Let's do it again.
He's a new headhandshow in Haiti.
1903 hosts on our point yesterday, which is pretty good considering we had an early exit with that Marlon's game to which we say, oh, let's do it again today.
Let's replay it.
Let's replay the Leafs 5 nothing went over the panthers from last night.
What do you say?
I.
Who should John Kerry pick for his running mate?
That was our poll question.
By the way, before we get into that, we got a real good one on the Beated Curtain today on our website.
Linda Blair.
Now, probably there are some guys out there saying, oh, Linda Blair, who wants to see her?
You know what?
I think when you see that picture.
That's the power of Christ who tells you to look at it again and again.
I don't know if it's straight me.
All that doesn't think she's hot.
Really?
Really?
I just asked all of them.
All of men at building?
Well, it took five minutes.
1903 vote on her.
Do you ask him off in clearance?
Who should John Kerry pick for his running mate?
John Edwards 594.
Just dummy up if you know what's good for you.
Okay?
You know what?
You said it.
Yeah, and then you're starting to embellish it.
Just pretending you didn't hear what I said.
Pretend that you were Alzheimer's kicked in.
What?
John Edwards 594 wins hands down 31%.
Bill Clinton 363 is legal.
He could do it.
It'll ever happen, but he could do it.
Bob Graham, 336, 17.6%.
That's not a bad idea.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush 187.
9.8% less than 10%.
What happened to that usual 1718% of bush rights that we have in this crowd?
Where'd they go?
Oh, later.
General Wesley Clark 112.
He was the late addition.
So we want to thank profusely, the gentleman had called in suggested that.
General Wes 112.
I don't care a period.
Just don't bother me with this crap 102.
Hillary 101.
Dick M.
Dick M. Heart 46.
Bill Richardson 34, the governor of New Mexico, a good Julio guy.
They figured he'd be real good to get the spitbook going.
Tom Broca 18 and Bill Nelson 10 out of over 1900 votes on yesterday's pool.
Pretty impressive if he asked me.
Well, very jackass has his thumb right on it right now as we speak.
Make no mistake about that.
Because Barry is tuned in the Greg Reed pipeline.
If you want to find out what's going on at QA and don't listen to us,
just read the Harold and the very jackass column.
Don't buy the Harold.
Just pick it up like the 711 and leave through it.
Just pick up the sports section, leave through it, read the column,
and then put it back together neatly or not if you don't want to and just to put it back on the stand.
Don't buy it.
Or when somebody else is buying one of them, Harold's out of the news box.
Just swipe one would be good.
Don't you think?
Sure, why not?
Or run over a speed bump.
I think that when you open up out of those Harold boxes where you buy your newspapers,
maybe take like several and hand them out as freebies because that's basically what it's worth.
But Barry Jackass says Hank Goldberg back on QA and now I don't want to pee on everybody's parade
because Dave Higgins a great guy.
I guess it was partly his idea and part the hump or anything like put this thing together yesterday.
I purposely tuned in after the Marlon game.
I nearly fell asleep because I heard Dave Ann boring for a minute.
But I tuned in after the Marlon's trounce to match.
What was the 9-3, Emily?
I don't know.
It was 9-1 when I heard it.
9-3.
Get it right.
Get it right.
Well, I don't blame you.
Anyway, after the Marlon game, I tuned in and then we hit like about how many minutes of spots?
I thought third man!
Good.
Golly miss Molly and they wonder why we don't have big numbers and we got good.
Oh God!
We had a break that went on from the ass end of the game till the very beginning of Hank showed.
It must have been at least 15 minutes.
I mean, I'm not exaggerating.
Just spot after spot after spot.
Nice going, SCRUAN!
You're sure it's peddling something?
Oh.
You know, it's a good thing we have some restrictions now because if in the old days like a couple of weeks ago,
who knows what I might have said right there?
But that bitch is peddling.
At any rate, so the hopper comes on and they got Dave Wonsted doing this Cornball thing like he's doing a show
and says we're going to talk about everything excepted all fins and then he was taking allegedly a call.
And of course the color turned out to be Hank.
The only problem being it was pretty obvious that it was Wonsted who was on the phone and Hank was doing wherever it was.
The American Airlines Arena.
Who proceeded to interview Wonsted?
I mean Dave Wonsted, it's got the personality of a dead man, okay?
So the concept of the idea might have been fun if Wonsted had any personality and could have pulled it off.
Did he pull it off?
No.
It was just brutal.
But it's good to have the hopper back on here.
That's what counts.
Of course Barry Jackets says in an amusing skit, Dolphins coach Dave Wonsted, open Goldberg show.
It was about as amusing as a fart in a crowded elevator or in a hot July day.
Nothing amusing about it.
Goldberg said on the ear that he was glad to be back.
It was lonely without you while he said it was listeners.
I just want to put the whole thing behind me.
He's thinking about that big behind.
It was something that just got out of hand and shouldn't have.
WQM General manager Greg Reed met with Goldberg yesterday morning and said,
Oh, we're fine.
Everything was resolved.
So that's as much as he wants you to know because if he wanted to say more,
it would have been Barry's column because Barry is the mouthpiece for QAM, for Greg Reed.
Who doesn't speak to anybody who's over the age of 10?
That's why he speaks to Barry.
Stern won't be leaving infinity anytime soon.
Here's our poll question before we get to that.
Did we ever do this before?
I don't think so.
Maybe who cares?
No.
We did?
We might have.
Not I don't think this is exact one.
Not this wording, no.
Well, do I need to remind you that if we change one word, that's good enough for me.
One letter.
If you had tons of cash, what one city would you choose to live in?
Of course, there are some of us who live all over the place,
but as your home base, what would be the one city you choose anywhere in the world to live in if you were just loaded?
An unlimited amount of funds.
So we made a short list so far, Miami, Toronto, A.
Saudi, it's a beautiful day, man.
It could be five today, 41 degrees Fahrenheit.
It's beautyous.
New York, Amsterdam, Rome, or Honolulu.
You ever been to Honolulu?
No, but I would like to and I would like to have my base there since you mentioned that.
I've been there six times and I'm going to tell you it's one of the most beautiful places.
Why could he be to them in the North Shore?
It's just all fabulous.
I've never been there before.
Besides, oh, wow.
But yeah, why could he is really something else?
Very commercial, very crowded, but then you have to have a lot of money.
I mean, the big box to live there, but it is beautiful.
And the Pacific Ocean is much cleaner.
It's just amazing.
I've seen pictures of the winter.
Cleaner and warmer and the trade winds, even though it's like 86, 87 in the summertime.
It never feels warm because the trade winds are always blowing.
Can I say that?
Oh, sorry.
The trade winds are always moving the ear around.
I don't figure out if it's because I have tons of money.
I can take my yacht to New Zealand, Australia, Japan.
Right.
But that could be your home base, Honolulu, which is a great place.
Trust me when I tell you.
Stern won't be leaving infinity anytime soon.
A high level, this is from Radio Business Report.
A high level source that infinity tells us that as much as Howard Stern believes he's going to be pulled off a show,
it won't be happening any time in the near future.
And in addition, infinity will be defending him.
He's not going to satellite.
First of all, he can't.
He's under contract with us for two more years.
So I mean, it's not even an issue.
And we're going to defend them, says their insider.
It also turns out that we're not the only ones hearing the FCC of a cracking down on satellite radio indecency as well.
Oh, brother, what did I tell you?
Continue the infinity source.
And you know what?
The FCC will probably wind up with the satellite guys when this is all said and done.
If there's any change in rules, they're probably going to be regulated under our rules.
So if anybody thinks that we can put some of these shows on satellite radio and start doing the old stuff we were doing like two weeks ago, forget about it.
Ain't going to happen.
And they go on to observe.
It says good infinity plants to stand behind Howard no matter what the FCC finds to find Stern.
It will pale in comparison to the money he's made and continues to make for the five-com unit.
When Howard realizes infinity is going to stand behind him after all, he likely focuses Randy Moore on the FCC.
Bush and right wingers and less on traditional radio.
Stern said in a show yesterday hopes the show gets pulled so he'd be free to travel around the country with anti-Bush and anti-right wing voting rally.
Said Stern, the source of the FCC tells me that Michael Powell is freaking out right now.
He realizes he still has to find me.
But he knows that I'll cook back for him and the Republicans.
So Stern should have no beef with infinity for or anyone for that matter.
He needed the publicity.
He could not have set himself up as the suffer fan king of radio, even if he dressed in drag and gave chairman Powell a dozen roses.
We've said it before Zen master Carmeson's first call was probably to clear channel, thanking him for pulling Stern off the air.
Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
Not at any rate.
So he ain't going anywhere except the question South Florida is he coming back now.
10th, 13th at 560 WDQM.
You go back to Canada, you cute bastard.
I'm sorry.
Well Disney just turned down and offered to sell off their theme parks.
Michael, I was there didn't have to deal with all his green marks.
He sold all the stockholders a Comcast price was low.
Wish the flow ran over him and set up for Pluto.
If Disney makes a deal with Comcast at the courtroom table, we'll see Mary Poppins round the clock on late night table.
It was it all that long ago and Michael was admired, but if I there was a knee apprentice Trump would say you're fired.
Turning down the offer makes eyes look like a nimrod.
It would be as big as the deal the gangster with a rod.
I could use a bump in my Disney park, all the y'all.
Devot ends with run like the nose of a Tokyo.
The denial forers on the obscene and egregious.
How long can you last when you're depending on four regions?
Eyes that flew his chances to feel like that's some rehearsal.
Maybe he could go cross down his screw of you to rehearsal.
1019 at 560 WQA and we got the mad dog at two.
We got the hunter back on the air and I score a hundred from 4 to 650.
That was right.
It gets 10 minutes off for a good behavior because at 650 we had another Marlon game.
Marlon's on deck at 650.
Dodgers at the Marlon's in Jupiter 705 followed by 80K.
Now here's the facts from Rick that says the biggest joke of all time was the last.
I can't read this.
The latest, the last night on channel four.
Al sunshine.
What does that say before Al sunshine?
Talk about how overeating is a cow.
That would be like me giving you a lecture about how you're too fat.
About how you're too fat.
Oh yeah, we got that story.
I mean it's just the salad.
The salad McDonald's got more fat than the cheeseburger.
I'll take the cheeseburger thank you with no bun.
Here's Al sunshine.
I've given a lecturing the audience and waving his handharts, his big fat hammocks.
America's too fat and fat is killing us.
Yeah, right.
You shove a crap, you foamy baloney.
Can't stand that Al sunshine.
Makes me want to crap.
All I've got to do is think about them.
WQA, hello.
Hey, no, I want to add a pound to your bowl.
Yes, sir.
How about a pamper?
That's pamper.
Stop.
Come Sweden says, David, a Swedish cop.
Stockholm.
Now it's funny because I was looking at Linda Blair picture again.
I never realized that she was so well.
She's in doubt.
In doubt.
She's part of the endowment for the party.
First thing forth with the cow.
I wonder if the spirit of Christ had anything to do with that because he waived that magic one and all of a sudden man.
Wow, speaking of Linda Blair.
Yes, I'd like to say that it's my favorite new thing on the website today, but it's not.
Oh, you want to talk about dancing Bush?
Certainly.
We've got El Presidente, the dancing bush, my steer.
It's a beautiful thing.
You can have fun for hours with that, baby.
And the best part of it is you can like create your own ambiance there.
Just crank up the music and you have the disco lights or just the regular four lights.
It's a little disappointed.
They don't have a rave club option.
Yeah, well, let's come the next week, I think.
They're just raving about the dancing bush as he dances his way right out of the White House right out there down Pennsylvania.
I have an inevitable to be seen again right back to Crawford, Texas with his 10 gallon hat.
Bye bye, Bush.
My butt.
And the pacifier will appear on his mouth.
Let's see.
What do we got so far here on the list?
Honolulu 16.
Good choice, George.
New York 15.
Miami 5.
Amsterdam 4.
Toronto 3.
I voted for Toronto.
I love it here.
Rome 2.
And Stockholm 0 out of 45.
But we're just getting this list going.
Now I got some very little teeny tiny bit of good news.
Nothing too exciting.
Remember I told you about how spineless the radio industry is?
Yeah, it is.
But KCJJ Iowa City, Iowa.
And expanded band A.M. Station.
In other words, it's like a 1900 mile something like that owned by Steve Bridges will preempt its talk and hot AC programming mix from 5 a.m.
And it's like a
New York Times.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
It's like a new year.
The current climate attack in the fundamental principles of free speech and choice is not acceptable.
And we want you to write to the FCC and set them telegrams and letters.
And we want you to write to the FCC and set them telegrams and letters.
And we want you to put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
We'll put something on our website.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Could you please put NASA or Bahamas on that...
No, part of it is not in Bahamas on that list, please.
NASA or Bahamas.
Okay, you got it, Ron.
Yeah, right.
Okay.
Have a good time there, because I sure ain't going there.
NASA or Bahamas.
Oh, you've vey.
Well, I guess if you're one of those people, you know,
if you're an American and you go there, they'll treat you like crap
and just bleed every dime you got out of your pocket.
They'll squeeze it out of you.
WQA, hello.
They both Florida.
All right, put it on there.
I think that guy might have been serious.
That was one of the beesleaves, I think.
You could tell by the sound of his finger deep inside that right nostril, couldn't you tell?
Yeah.
Here's the fact from Ray, one of our regular factors who says,
I've been down here since 1988 from Chicago.
My previous radio god was Larry Lujack.
An excellent choice to rate Larry Lujack,
which too bad we can't play those bits anymore,
especially the one about the squad, you know?
Oh, it's too bad.
What is that under?
Your uncle, Larry, and little Tommy.
Oh, no, we can't play that well.
Yep.
And anyway, it says,
but toward the end of his career, one could tell he was tired
and his time on the airwaves was about to end.
You, on the other hand, have never been sharper.
And you're, what a, what's suction coming from this page, Ray?
And your program is very useful as a forum
for thought-provoking ideas, questions and answers.
It makes me think and research what the hell is going on.
I guess I've turned into a news junkie.
We're a little bit too newsy, I think.
Reading papers around the world to get the real perspective
on what the hell is going on here.
It's tough to take things that face value no more.
People seem to think that repression of freedoms
is a good thing if it happens to somebody else,
not realizing that they will be next.
I told my kids to read Animal Farm in 1984
to get an idea of what's happening around them.
Ray, nice going to Ray.
Keep it up, sweetheart.
We need more people like you.
Care about things that really matter as opposed to Kaka.
Oh, by the way, I'll tell you something that matters.
Lee Boyd Malvo is going to get zed today.
Just sod.
And the reason why this is even more significant
than John Muhammad who got the death penalty yesterday
is because this, of course, the bleeding hearts
have all been out of shape about, you know,
minors and the death penalty and how this is going to set a bad example.
And they just had kindle coffee on there from CNN
drinking his coffee.
And, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know, he's going to be the poster child for...
I'm sorry.
Are you liberal?
Bleeding heart liberals.
There's much of a liberal as I am.
This is one issue where I separate with you.
The crime has got to fit the punishment
and it's got to fit the society in which it takes place.
And since you're dealing with a barbaric violence society
where life is as cheap as pez,
I think that somebody needs to send a message.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like Joey Sazza needs to send a message.
What are you talking about?
Oh, look at this Malvo formally sends to life
in prison no parole, Danny.
He said that he and Mr. Malvo had read all the victim impact statements
and that they were very mindful of the pain of the families
in this case.
He said from our perspective, we see this as an additional tragedy.
Lee knows he has much to face and much...
Also find $100,000 in each of the two counts.
I'm sure he's going to be paying that real soon.
Then Robert Haran spoke.
He is the prosecutor in this case.
He noted that the jury had found aggravating factors
in the case of Lee Malvo, that they had found that he posed future dangerousness.
Life in prison no parole, but the good news is he may be tried
on other sniper shootings.
See, this was just one...
Right.
So they might try him again for other other sniper shootings.
Maybe in after a few more convictions they might say,
Finally...
We are supposed to be on 516.
We took a hell of a man to take my hand, but it shouldn't take him long.
I like that, yeah.
She ain't much to see, but she looks good through the bottom of a glass.
Oh, yeah, I heard that one.
That's a good one.
I wouldn't take you to a dogfight, even if I thought you could win.
Don't cry down my back, baby.
You might rust my spurs.
If fingerprints showed up on skin, I wonder who's I'd find on you.
Here's a good one.
If you get the feeling that I don't love you, feel again.
Here's one.
Obviously, there's some guy singing this song, and he's in some cheap fluzey's bedroom at the time.
I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave.
That kind of sums up our situation here at WLS too.
I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave.
We'll just take the money.
Thank you.
I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart.
Oh, I want to hear it.
You really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this.
You know how much drinking they've been doing.
It's the bottle against the Bible and the battle for daddy's soul.
Here's what I really like.
It's commode hug and time in the valley.
If you want to keep the beer real cold, put it next to my ex-wife's heart.
My wife ran off with my best friend and I miss him.
26-11 at 560 WQM, good old Larry Lujek.
Boy, he was sure good how many years ago.
3rd man.
He was great.
Anyway, somebody suggests as the city if they were loaded with cash that they would live in.
And Dorolavaia.
Give me her that.
Sure.
You did?
It's right there in Spain and France on the board.
It's the world's smallest country.
That's the only reason I know about it.
Right.
You really had heard about it before this Spanish?
Yes, I was a little kid.
What's the world's smallest country?
And Dorolavaia.
It's as I know never heard of it while I didn't.
It's a city that's part of the small Pyrenees Mountain country of Andorra situated on the French Spanish border north of Barthalena.
I visited Andorra frequently on business invocation.
Just a beautiful place.
No taxes.
Great banking laws.
International connections.
Beautiful geography.
Friendly people.
Fantastic restaurants.
Shopping outdoor activity and culture.
And there's even a website they got here to check it out for more.
Population about 65,000 in the entire country.
No airport access.
But rail system connecting the major nearby airports.
Multigale, lingual and cultural.
Spanish, French, English, Catalan.
PS don't tell anybody about it.
That would spoil it for me or you.
And Dorolavaia.
And somebody also says Lake Tahoe, Nevada.
That's a beautiful place.
You ever been there?
No.
Well, I would suggest you, Michael, there.
One day.
Don't get lost though in the mountains on your drive to California.
I have a GPS.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 60 on the AT&T.
They're using GPS as I was reading this morning on Yahoo,
which it's not worth talking about it on here in Holland now.
An Amsterdam.
They're using GPS systems to track stolen bicycles.
Good.
The executive idea of a lot of bikers there.
I'll tell you that.
A lot of biker bars too.
111 votes on a poll so far.
If you had tons of cash, what one city would you choose to live in?
Honolulu 37.
New York 25.
Miami 17.
And of course, when we say Miami, we mean South Florida, you know.
It could be Florida.
It could be Sweetwater.
It could be Pemberpodge.
It could be Sunrise.
Overtown.
Liberty City.
Opalaka.
Miami 17.
Toronto 12.
Amsterdam 9.
Rolema 6.
Rolema.
Oh, I love Rolema.
Stockholm 3.
Naples 2.
And NASA out of Bahamas.
Hey, if we're going to put it on here for you, mind you better vote for it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, we're going to put it on the poll.
You better have...
Bonnie!
Yeah, go...
Go to the ocean theater or something.
How was that?
Fred, I think.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good?
Two things.
One, if I could afford it, I'd like to live on Dunn's River in Jamaica.
It's your makeup on, okay?
And second, as far as everything that's going on in the world with our freedoms and everything,
I do two important aspects, fascism.
But on the big picture, and I'm no conspirator, I can't even talk to you.
That's okay.
I think this is all headed for a one-world government.
I think that's why we're trying to take a rock because we want to get a stronghold over on that side of the world.
And not now, but sometimes I think it's in the next 300 years.
It's all going to be one big government.
Let's take over the whole damn world.
There you go.
And the big business is because you're going to have a few businesses, one government, one party.
There's only going to be 10 businesses and one government.
I think you got your thumb on it, and thank God we won't be here.
All right, he's so good to hear you, my five.
Good luck to you, Palli.
Thank you.
Yeah, we won't be here.
Except, of course, for your real healthy people, it'll be living at 5,600.
I think 90's old enough.
Senators move forward on tougher and decency standards.
This is just makes me, makes my balls twitch.
A Senate panel yesterday paved the way for a broad crackdown on offensive radio and television programming, including extending stiff fines to artists,
limiting violence and temporarily preventing broadcasters from owning more stations until, at least that's a good part, until potential links between media consolidation and indecency on airwaves can be studied.
See, they're doing that for the wrong reason.
It's not the link between indecency and consolidation.
That's not the problem.
The problem is consolidation and having no choices.
That's the problem.
Creating monopolies, destroying the business for those people inside of it, outside of it, and in on top of it.
That's the problem.
But don't confuse the Senate with that.
The series of votes by the Senate Commerce Committee could sharply raise the stakes for the entertainment industry.
In the wake of the big Janet and the Justin Flank.
The incident sparked swift condemnation and investigations by the FCC, and the bills are rapidly advancing in both the House and Senate, of course.
It also has how fast they move on something like this.
Anything important, man, the budget, I mean, you name it, education.
They argue when they drag their feet and they are dilly, dally, and dick around.
But not here.
They're moving like lightning, like grease, like the Tampa Bay lightning.
In both the House and Senate to strengthen the FCC's hand is the overseer of broadcast licenses.
Following the lead of the House Energy and Commerce Committee earlier this month, the Senate panel approved increasing potential fines for indecency 10 fold from the current $27,500 to a maximum of $275,000 for first time offense by broadcast.
The fines can then escalate to $375 grand for a second violation and $500,000 for further incidents.
Go with limit of $3 million in any 24-hour period, and that's good.
But the Senate panel added several new provisions that pushed well past the House Bill, setting up potentially contentious negotiations between the two bodies.
Under provisions passed by the panel, the FCC can double fines for indecent obscene or profane languages or images when the offending program was scripted or planned in advance,
or if the audience was unusually large, such as for national or international sporting or awards event.
That's kind of a hypocritical, it sounds like, to me, because on the one hand, the FCC says,
oh, even if you're number one with a 90-share, that doesn't get you off the hook.
But if we're going to punish you and you've got a big audience, then it just gives us an excuse to stick it to even more.
You see what I'm saying?
Pala crap.
That would encompass entertainment award shows during which artists have uttered exploatives.
The bill approved by the panel also would give the FCC the ability to impose the same fines on artists as it can impose on broadcasters,
if the only-year talent willfully use indecent or profane language or images when they knew it would be broadcas.
And the bill would direct the FCC to develop rules for controlling violent program during hours when children likely to be tuned in and hold your breath for that.
I am your wife and your old!
I'm the same age as you!
No, you're old!
Uh-huh, I'm having a heart attack!
The doctor's recommended you to take a break.
You can join yourself to the freaking hospital!
Just your heart to bear!
1045 at 560, so anyway, the people at Radio Business report shame on you.
So, good thing I just continued perusing the rest of the story from Washington Post about the Senate Commerce Committee.
Yeah?
You want to know why?
Why?
See, this is what the media does.
Even the prestigious or at least used to be prestigious Washington Post.
And this story about the Indecency Standards and what the Senate Commerce Committee did yesterday in the very last paragraph, which I hadn't even read yet.
You know, why you moist your time with the last paragraph, right?
Sure.
What?
It says by a narrow 12-to-11 vote, the Committee defeated a provision that would have extended the FCC oversight provisions of Indecency and Violence to cable and satellite programming,
except for pay-per-view channels such as HB-
Oh!
I'm going to read that again.
Could you?
See, in the meantime, Radio Business report is, according to their so obsessed with their source-in-side infinity, about, well, how are can't go on satellite?
Because first of all, you've got two years left on this contract, and secondly, the FCC is going to regulate the satellite radio coin to our rules.
Well, guess what?
No!
Came damn close, though.
It's pretty scary.
Almost as scary as that grotesque hit by Todd Bertuzzi on the Steve Moore.
Todd Bertuzzi, kick him out of the game.
You're pretty upset about that, aren't you?
Todd Bertuzzi's in Toronto today, as a matter of fact, they're holding a hearing.
Out of that tie, don't we have a few swings at him, or maybe Donald Brashear at any rate.
By a narrow 12-to-11 vote, the Committee defeated a provision that would have extended the FCC oversight provisions of Indecency and Violence to cable and satellite programming, except for pay-per-view channels such as HB-
Oh!
So that's good. That's at least one little bit good news, at least for the time being.
But look at that 12-to-11 vote. Look how close they came.
Is that incredible?
Incredible.
So in other words, I think there's some of the channels that they have other than pay-per-view on cable.
That they have, that they use all kinds of language.
They're saying pay-per-view, but HBO is like premium channels.
I think that's what they mean by that.
Yeah.
Pay-per-view is those like the Tyson fights and all those.
Well, no, but in other words, you have to pay extra as what they're trying to say.
Whatever you wanted to find out.
How about some that are part of the basic package?
MTV, VH1, the Food Network, the Freaking Food Network.
If they would have regulated the Food Network, could Emerald have said,
BAM, no more Armady Central where they did say the S word on South Park.
Oh, no.
Comedy Central? You have to be kidding.
Oh, Jesus, are you fucking carrying me?
Wow.
That is scary.
But anyway, that lost.
5667-0560, let's get a whole bunch more names for our poll here so that it has some meat to it.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQA, hello.
How are you?
Yes.
You know, I know that after I hang up George, he's going to have bad things to say about me.
But I'll tell you what.
Okay, good.
Then I'll just hang up on you first.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
When you start a call like that, it's a death wish, right?
It's one of those regular chronics that wants to rip you and ask,
which quite frankly gets really boring after a while.
If you don't like George, don't listen to him.
You know, hate him like poison, get a voodoo doll, do whatever you like.
But when you start a call like that, it's like you have nothing to say, basically.
If you had tons of cash, what one city in the world would you choose to live in?
What would be your home base?
Honolulu 51, a beautiful place, Magnifico, New York 31, New York.
Miami 25, Toronto 15, Amsterdam 12, Rome, at Toronto 17, like I said.
Amsterdam 12, Rome 10, Naples 7, at Naples, Florida, which I find most amusing.
Although certainly nobody would voluntarily live in Naples, Italy, would they?
Not from what I'm here, and I never been there, and I'm not going.
I hear it's nothing but shluppers and really nasty.
Stockholm 5, see, let me ask you one thing.
One for NASA, one for Andorra, La Vea, and one for Jamaica.
Stockholm is so far north, you know, the Scandinavian countries.
Now generally, like in Amsterdam, the people are very pasty, very white,
complex, like the Brits and the Irish and the Scottish.
Right.
And all those are the very silly people on the British islands.
Very pasty, complex, because they never get into a sunshine.
Except for those rosy red cheeks.
But, like in Denmark and in Helsinki, Finland and in Stockholm,
the people aren't complex like that.
They're just beautiful people.
They have magnificent skin colouring, and while you've seen all the Swedish models, of course.
Sure.
And I'm not just talking about makeup.
I'm just talking their natural flesh colour.
I do a fin too, and she was pasty.
A pasty fin?
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Body, gold, hock.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, Las Vegas.
Las Vegas, okay.
Nice place to visit, but this guy wants to live there.
We'll put it on there.
We'll hum you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18.
Now, do you say a fin wearing pasties?
I don't think you can f***ing say that in the mole.
Better check with the muffmeister, okay?
For us, see if it's any less.
Nothing more, either.
So, stop it.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
All right.
Well, just calling to add to the poll and say some nice things to you.
125, I'd love to live St. John's Virgin Islands.
Virgin Islands.
You ever been there?
No.
Let me tell you something, it's feet.
I have all the places in the Caribbean.
St. John's, St. Thomas, Virgin Islands.
How many white people live in St. Thomas?
F***ing man!
There's actually a few.
There's a lot of Americans who are, I mean, it's an American nation.
But there's actually a lot of white people.
A lot of nice people in general.
A lot of the pot George too.
All right.
Yeah, so let me answer that one.
It's absolutely great.
Okay, another thing.
I just wanted to mention.
Oh, yeah, I happen to be a pan that's poor here.
Pretty rare, huh?
Yeah, it's weird.
It's very weird.
Yeah, George was that f***ing...
Hello?
Go ahead.
Your phone's scrapping out.
One thing I want to add, amongst all the wonderful things I love that you provide on this program,
is whenever you clear...
Oh, hello?
Yeah.
When you clear your throat on the air, I just love it.
Yeah.
The...
I love that you don't mute it or you don't cover your mouth.
You just hawk up along right on the air.
Right, that's right.
It's fantastic.
Well, they haven't banned it yet.
Well, wait for the new invite for the new regulations to come on.
Have a great life, Pallee.
Keep it going, Neil.
Put scenes.
Put scenes.
Do we?
Oh, let's see.
Here's the fact.
Is this please put fan for Francisco on your pole, okay?
I don't like it there, but this particular person does.
I can't stand fan for Francisco.
It's windy and cold and nasty and too many of those clones running around here.
I mean, they all have that same fruity moustache.
You would look...
I mean, more power to them.
You know, power to the people.
You know, I don't like it there.
P.S. yesterday, I voted with my heart when I voted for Cousinich.
In November, I'll vote with my head for Kerry when we say Adios, once and for all, to W.
Nice job.
I got the numbers here, which I will get to them.
I don't want to spend much time on it because nobody showed up.
Anyway, about 17% in Brown and Palm Beach, only 13% showed up to bother to vote in Dave County.
You want to know why that is?
Why is that?
There are two busy practicing calling this show going, Maricone!
Look at her own!
That's their thing, you know?
Plus, I'll tell you one thing I would have brought them to the polls.
If that person would have been on the ballot yesterday?
But wasn't...
I'll give you 500 guesses.
I am serious, losing. I am dead now.
If Cedia would have been on there, Dave County would have been...
...the most massive number of show-in-off.
The really three numbers, too.
Right in Cedia Cruz next time, you have an election that you don't want to go to.
13% voted to not in Dave.
Now let's see how did the Kerry had 80.6% in Dave County?
Edward 6.3, Sharpton 4.3, Howard Dean 2.6, Jewelie Bremen 1.9%.
Hey!
Dennis Cousinich 1.4, Wesley Clark 1.3, Carol Mosley Brown 1.2, and Dick Hevhardt only a half a percent.
Only 256 people voted for Dick in Dave County.
And Howard...
Howard!
17% voter turnout, a little bit better.
Nothing spectacular, because why?
You know, it's too bad that Edwards had dropped out before the Florida primary.
It would have been interesting to see how many people voted about.
In Broward County, Carol Mosley Brown 1%, West Clark 1.3%, Howard Dean 2.3%, John Edwards 6.7%, Dick Hevhardt 0.77%, wow.
Nobody likes Dick.
John Kerry 80.89%, Cousinich 1.39, Lieberman 3.13, the most used in sunrise, and I voted for Jewelie Bremen.
And Al Sharpton 2.45%, and in Palm Beach County last and certainly least 17.21% voter turnout yesterday.
Carol Mosley Brown 1.5%, Wesley Clark 9.10%, small potatoes.
Howard Dean 2.26%, John Edwards 5.62, Dick Hevhardt again, only about 55%.
425 people in Palm Beach, and they probably thought they were voting for Papu Cannon.
John Kerry 85.29%, they were like that!
In Palm Beach, as these people don't want to make the same mistake again they did four years ago, Dennis Cousinich 1.33%, Jewelie Bremen 1.74%, and Al Sharpton 1.76.
And there you go.
Don't you think it's kind of a waste of time, Rudy? Why don't they do that?
It's like Bush, like the Republicans, they're having their thing in well. Bush has got it locked up now.
There's nobody running against him. What's the point? What would a QAM Hello?
Good morning. You stole my thunder. I was gonna say Papu Cannon somehow got 5,000 votes in Palm Beach.
Wouldn't surprise me at all. Papu is makes perfect.
Listen, I have watched the career Bill Mar for a while, and I still don't care for him, but he made a terrible comment on Friday night.
Yeah. Because it's Ash Brown's who's in the hospital, he got infected from wiping his butt with a bill of rights.
That's beautiful. I like that. I think it's very...
Oh yeah, Bill Mar says a lot of the right things. I just can't stand him. I just wish somebody else was saying it because he just makes me ill.
Exactly. And Carlons is going to... it's the last show for a while. Carlons can be on Friday night, but we're going to have to look forward to that.
He's going to be on where?
Carlons can be on March show on Friday night.
Uh oh. Yeah, I'm going to be hearing a lot of those. You're okay with that.
It's B.O. You're not. Oh, that's right. HBO. Thank God for HBO.
Isn't it amazing how, you know, for whatever 15 bucks a month, they do everything right on that network.
The movies are better, the news is better, the sports is better.
Right. It's amazing. Well, it's a good...
I get to talk to you. I'm a leave-your-baby and your anniversary is March 1st.
And I consider you a special gift to me every year.
Well, thanks for the sucks, you know. Thank you, Pallee.
Thank you. See you. And happy birthday.
10.56 at 5.60 W.D.Q.M. We got the man dog at 2.00. The Humberit 4. Marlins on deck at 6.50.
The Dodgers and the Marlins in Jupiter 705. Any K at 10.00.
That's right, then.
Hey, it's Howard. Howard David.
I'm so glad you're here.
Talk to show hosts off fine when they show their son on their hands.
That's a bad hand to see.
Thank you, you bet.
Freedom's in, freedom's in, let's marry our hands.
Freedom's in, freedom's in, let's marry our hands.
11.15.60 W.D.Q.M. We got 220 votes.
It's pretty weak on our poll, but that's because we haven't added a lot of names on there yet.
We'll get around to it or not. We'll see.
If he had tons of cash, what one city would you choose to be?
In Honolulu, 61, New York 43, Miami 29, Toronto 19, Amsterdam 16, Rome 16, Naples.
We should put Naples forward, okay? I guess.
I mean, Eric, you know, he's up there in Orlando. So he's a Florida boy.
So he's familiar with all these little hick-town. I mean, beautiful places in Florida.
But the Naples Florida, because some people might look at that the first time.
Oh, Napoli, Naples in Italy. You know, I had none. Sorry.
Stockholm 6, San Francisco 5. I'm shocked.
And Dorolavia 4. Virgin Islands 4. Jamaica 2.
Las Vegas 2 in Nassau has got a pair out of 224 votes.
Now, why did you email me this thing with you? Is this like to kill a show someday?
Exactly.
The 100 most often mispronounced words and phrases in Angles.
Some of them are obvious and some of them are not just a thing.
You mean like acts? Yeah, obviously.
Boy, if there's anything that really just frosts my ass,
it's when anybody says, can I ask you something? Let me ask you a question.
Can I ask your head?
It says, this mispronunciation has been around for so long that a linguist, Mark Aranoff,
thinks we should cherish it as part of our linguistic heritage.
And most of us will give the axe to axe.
A-X-E to AKS.
Athlete? Yeah.
I like these. These are cute.
But we don't want to get sidetracked on this, do we?
No, no. For some reason.
We need dozens and dozens more names on that list.
We've got to pump up that total. Of course, main reason you want to go to our website today is check out the lovely picture.
In the Beated Curtain section of Linda Blair.
Just really shocked a hell out of me. WDQA, hello.
Hey, how about Vancouver for your list?
How about a beautiful place they say?
Yes.
Best Wheeler of the America line.
I think you're pardoned.
This is a lay on the phone. How about Whistler in particular?
Whistler BC. Okay, that's where they got the really good weed. Okay, pal, I can see around here.
Vancouver, British Columbia. Let's get that on there.
Okay.
In spite of that Todd Bertuzzi creep.
Hey, we hate you Todd. You're a ghoulin man. We hate your guts.
Hopefully, it's just spent your ass for like five years.
WQA and the unconscious line nine. Hello.
Okay.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you're screaming.
Screamous.
New?
Yes? No.
Okay, it's not new. It's...
Oh, hey, Neil. Okay, okay. I had to hear you talk then.
Sorry.
Hi. Hi. Oh, Linda Blair rhymes with, you know,
that's a nice picture.
Too big here.
Oh, yeah, you...
When I first tune in, you were talking about Don and Mike.
Right.
What was...what were you saying about?
I said...
Don and Mike...
Well, that's what I said.
Neil...
What the Gilbert doesn't know anything about Don and Mike.
I'm sure he's never heard them.
Yeah, I've...
Don and Mike used to be on WIOD. He's heard them.
We all have heard them. They suck. And have a nice day.
The thing about Don and Mike was that KC...
I'm glad he mentioned that though again,
because I want to keep repeating this as often as I can.
I might motivate somebody somewhere to pick up on this.
KC...what did I get this from?
Radio and records today.
KCJJ Iowa City...
I went expanded band-A and station owned by Steve Bridges will preempt its talk
at HOT AC Program in Mixed.
Tomorrow, five in the morning till 6 p.m.
To air messages urging listeners to contact the FCC's commissioners
and those in Congress representing Eastern Iowa,
to voice their displeasure with the current climate attacking
the fundamental principles of free speech and choice.
Bridges says whether you like Howard Stern or not,
and we don't carry the show, 18 million people do.
Third channel is every right to cancel it on their stations,
but the government has no right to threaten others who demon appropriate.
It should be left up for the communities they serve.
KCJJ carries the Westwood one,
located down in my program,
and today's best music the rest of the day.
And I tip my head if I were wearing one.
I tip my beanie.
I tip my headgear to KCJJ in Iowa City.
I would say it's a gutsy-ballsy thing, man.
Unfortunately, do you think anybody else is going to be doing that?
No. No way.
No way. We got money to make.
We got bigger fish to fry.
Spineless gutless bunch of cowards.
That's my colleagues in the broadcast industry.
Bunch of Spineless Jellyfish.
WQA, I'm hello.
What was that guy smoking?
I just want to say George is gay.
WQA, hello.
How are you doing Uncle Neil?
A little bit of a fire pot.
Do you know you have one of those folding billboards over on Halnell?
Yes, sir.
Okay. Have a good day, sir.
And thanks so much.
We got billboards all over the place.
We got billboards up the old nostril.
Gratum.
No, we can't say that.
All over the place.
We got some billboards.
Nice going, Greg.
But of course, you know, he'd like Humpty Dumpty again.
If he breaks all the pieces all over the place, all over the place, all over the...
You see the egg?
If you drive it around south-Ford, you'll see pieces of egg.
Some of those pieces of egg are in Greg's face, of course.
And the other pieces are just all over it and just littered along the landscape.
You'll see him.
That's the QAM egg that Greg broke into a zit in.
He's like Humpty Dumpty.
Ever see Humpty Dumpty and Greg together?
Well, same person.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, Piddle.
I've got no one floating for Kielpo.
Put me down for Kielpo.
The girls are chief.
Come in to QAM, hello.
Piddle.
Yes, sir.
Okay, two words I don't like is when people say, e-regardless, which isn't even a word.
I wonder if that's on his list.
Let me see if I can find it.
That's on another list of words that don't really exist.
That doesn't exist.
And when somebody says, all's on the same.
Yeah, all I'm saying.
Yeah, I love that.
I got to hate that.
Uh-huh.
Hey, uh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, it's on here.
Irregardless is instead of regardless.
It's as less already says without.
So there's no need to repeat the same cinema with ear.
It's an irritate.
Irregate.
Oh, okay.
You know, the thing about action is it was something all I'm saying is cringe.
Well, see that acting used to be a black thing.
But now it's also a, um, a reacon thing, I guess.
And, uh, Julio, I don't know all kinds of, uh, people who aren't well educated, uh, say acts.
Can I ask you something?
Even white people say it, too.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Well, you know, hey, uh, Neil, it's so funny.
You know, you watch movies that are set in the future and you see how the government is controlling them and, and, and all in everything.
And, and years ago, you might laugh and say, uh, that's crazy.
But now it's so coming through it.
And in 1984, you know, you just can't believe what you're seeing what's going on.
I can't believe how passive the public is.
I mean, no matter what it is, the public just sits back and whenever the media tells them they should be concerned about.
That's what they get all whipped up about.
You know, Martha Stewart and all this other crap.
And then, and while their freedoms are being taken away, they're like, uh, oblivious.
Well, I don't know if you heard Howard this morning, but he was, uh, you know, he was almost giving up and then he wants to fight back.
And he just feels it is nothing that he can do.
He just feels his hands are so tied.
Yeah.
That's, uh, they're going to get him regardless, you know, regardless of what he, uh, regardless of what he, um, what he does.
And it's a shame and it's going to happen to everybody.
And, uh, when we left with, uh, what's not going to happen to everybody?
And it's not going to happen to everybody.
That's why it's different with you.
It's going to happen to those people who are too stupid and stubborn to understand what you see.
If you're driving down a highway, if you're driving down I-75 or whatever, 95.
And you see 40 radar cops, okay?
And they got- all of them got their radar guns pointed at the traffic.
If you have any brains, you're going to slow down to the speed limit until you get out of that situation.
See what I'm saying?
I see what you think.
But if you want to be stubborn and say, well, I'm driving a Lamborghini, man, I got a really hot fast car here.
I'm going to show them.
Well, then it's just no question about it.
They're going to nail your ass.
So that that's, you know, there are times when you use your brain and there are other times when you want to be stubborn.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
For your poll, I'm looking to buy a place in Mallorca, Spain.
So, Spain be beautiful there.
So I think that's a nice place.
Okay, good luck.
I'll see you there, Pellie.
Okay, bye bye.
Mallorca, M-A-J-O-R-C-K-C-A.
How about I just say M-A-J-A-M-A-J-A-M-A-J-O-R-C-K-C-A.
Why can't I say that?
I don't know.
God.
I must be catching from this list that you sent me.
I'm a fairly illiterate guy.
I'll break it a little bit.
If you had tons of cash in what city, what do you choose to live in?
Hallelujah 68, New York 46, Miami 33 to Rotter-22, Amsterdam 21, Rome, US 17.
Naples Florida, that is 15.
Naples Florida.
Can you change that?
Joshard is the air kept to do that.
Yeah, I'll take care of it.
Take care of it, please.
Let's see.
Where the hell am I?
San Francisco, 10 Virgin Islands, 9.
Vegas 8, Stockholm 6, and Dora LaVaya 4, Jamaica 3, NASA 2, Vancouver and New York 0.
Why do so many people...
I went through that phase.
I thought, oh, I sure love to live in Vegas.
I've been started looking at prices of property on that crap.
Why would you want to live in Vegas?
I don't know.
I don't understand people who want to live in Phoenix, Vegas, the desert.
Well, I mean, for getting about that, I mean, the weather doesn't bother me.
Once I'm 15, it does feel more than like, oh, 100.
10 or 12.
Right, right.
But, well, that part of it does get to you.
There's a lot to do there.
There you go.
Oh, that's right. You're going there.
Oh, I've been there, but yeah, I'm going back.
Oh, no, I know there's a lot to do there, but other than gamble and eat.
And you can get laid off on the bottom.
Oh, you can get out of here, the show's...
Well, what, you know what?
Name me a show that you went to in Vegas.
Well, I was going to go to the Topless Magic Show, but somebody that I was there with didn't want to.
I see.
I went to see Luis Miguel at Caesars.
He was great, but I also saw Luis Miguel in Miami.
So I didn't really need to go to Vegas to see Luis Miguel.
You know what?
I did see the Lance Burton Magic Act before he was all big.
Yeah.
Oh, guess who's going home?
Roy!
He's going home.
With the skull.
With a little, uh, beaded the skull.
Yeah, I heard they put a hinge on it.
No, seriously, he's going home.
He's walking a little bit.
He's shuffling around.
Good old...
Roy!
So before long, he'll be doing it with the big cats again.
12 minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
If you're at a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked and you'd like to get a new high-paying career,
but you don't have the cash or the time to waste four years on college.
Here's the answer for you.
It's not as difficult as you might think.
All you have to do is make one easy phone call to our good close personal friends at Fast Train at 1-866 Fast Train.
These folks are going to have you train in Certified for a brand new high-paying computer to network professional career.
And, in short, time is four months by July.
You can be fully trained and ready for a brand new career.
Fast Train offers day, evening, weekend classes to fit around your schedule.
They offer you a job placement assistance even financially to people who qualify.
Fast Train got seven Florida locations to this body one nearby you two.
So don't delay if you're really tired of working for peanuts and have a no life and no cash.
Pick up the phone and change that situation right now by calling Fast Train.
Because in just four short months, you can be on your way to a new high-paying computer career.
Check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com and then make that call 1-866 Fast Train.
My, my, and local. This is 420560.
You weigh it, you weigh it.
It stays in Miami town.
At 560WQA.
Hello, this is Michael Powell.
Son of Colin Powell who helped us send me to this lofty position through certain political favors.
I'd like to take this moment to talk about the feel that we hear on the radio airwaves.
And someday I might even turn the radio on to hear it myself.
So I announced from this moment on all radio broadcasters of the Think Clear Channel Corporation
not adhering to the victims handed down by the holy ones of the Saudi Bush royalty,
who are the lords and givers of life.
Bye bye, sonny.
We'll be stripped naked and medically sold together by Dr. Laura Mengeleau to a Jewish child.
I urge you to stop this December film,
especially paid for by other wary publicans and the Nazi Malibu.
1117-560WQA Vancouver got a vote.
Pracey and Kendall says she wants to nominate Pacific Beach or a two specific which it is.
San Diego, California.
Let's put San Diego under. I hear it's a Julius.
Yeah.
Nice climate. What? You don't like it?
No, I've heard good things. I've just never been there.
Well, I've never been there either. So let's take Pracey's word for it.
She says they showed Hank eating at the arena during the heat game last night.
Cut it out, how bad. How could they eat him already?
He should heat you warning and put down the forks as Tracy.
She wants to make a shameless request. Could you please play the bit where the kid does your show?
I'm afraid she's talking about young nils and she, oh, God.
That must be what she's talking about.
Well, I guess what. And then she also says in an honor of our great good departed friend.
Party.
Yeah, the fat Don Cox. He was fat too.
Right, drinking.
What? Don't be attacking dead people.
I'm not attacking him for those of you who are fat and drinking.
You're going to die.
And you fat who aren't drinking are going to die too.
Anthony says Jamaica, a town called Manderville.
I thought he played hockey from I used to be in Cornell in the Leafs in the San Luis.
Kurt Manderville. And anyway, Jamaica's close enough Anthony.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WDQAM. Hello.
Hello, Neil. How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Listen to you talking about the asking and action.
And I remember one year of a great mayor, Ed Koch.
And mention about teaching our children how to say ask instead of act.
He was ripped a new one by all my hearty crew.
Really?
But when we graduated, yo, yo, yo, you know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying? Can you see what I'm saying?
Yeah. So Neil, I see at the border.
Let me ask you one question.
Okay.
Why not?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5.
And of course, we've gone beyond that.
How long was that big?
About five minutes and then it became right.
What up?
What up?
And obviously, it went up.
You're obviously just trying to be cool.
So don't bother with any of this crap unless you're one of them.
And also just say, sup.
Yeah, but that was like how many seconds it is?
About 30 seconds.
Yeah, 30 seconds.
See, they just keep moving it on and moving it on.
So that all of us old parts we can't keep up with it.
And quite frankly, I never wanted to keep up with it.
That's one good thing about me.
To that, man.
Had no interest.
WDQAM. Hello.
I especially hate the word, especially.
Especially for you, yeah.
Okay.
Especially if you remember that by the McGuire sisters?
No.
Of course not.
Long before you were born.
McGuire sisters used to be on the Arthur God for sure, I believe, with a lot of other goyms.
And which one was it?
Was it Phyllis McGuire that was the gangsters, the girlfriend?
Sam G. and Conor of the gangsta?
Yeah, the mobsters, the girlfriend from Chicago, Sam G. and Conor who came to a wicked end.
WDQAM. Hello.
Yeah, if I speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Neil, what do you think about that guy, Bertuzzi soccer punch and that guy from the Avalon?
One of the worst things I ever saw in my life, he should be suspended the rest of the year
and the playoffs and maybe beyond.
It was just grotesque.
First of all, he grabbed the guy from behind Steve Moore, grabbed him by the Jersey, punched him in the back of that
and then slammed his head down on the ice.
And here's a big pool of blood.
The guys had a broken neck and a concussion.
And Bertuzzi's here in Toronto today for a hearing.
I hope they really nail his ass big time.
And the police are looking into it too.
And you're listening to the Vancouver fans, they're calling up acting like he didn't have anything wrong.
Bull crap, that was one, that may have been, the only worst one was the one by Donald Brishir.
And Marty McSorley, your earphone cracked out.
When Marty McSorley whacked Brishir on the side of the head with a stick, that was worse.
But this one was a close second.
It's unacceptable.
And unless they start putting it to end of this crap, they're going to wind up with some guy getting killed out there.
Just a matter of time, if they let this crap go on.
Yeah, but what's wrong with our game?
What's wrong with your game is that you lost control of it.
That's what's wrong with your game.
It blows.
WQM, hello.
Thank you. How you doing?
Pretty good?
Uh, it works, what it works for.
Here's one for you.
I think it's got no education, but I have the eight on all.
They say, all.
Can that some shot by the five six seven oh five 16?
Wow.
What? I mean, what's there to say?
I mean, it's supposed to be stood on its own. It was a beautiful thing.
Obviously the supplies are lasting.
Oh, yeah, no question about that.
And of course, you started all this with this list here.
They like lists.
Yeah, well, there's what already made for it.
Turn over to 1360 WKAT.
You can get some frauds list before noon.
Barbiturate.
Well, not wait a minute.
They have no, uh, that bet for Bush and a lot of other Iran's who say nuclear.
I bet that's on this list.
Oh, yeah, there it is.
The thing about all of these is that there's no reason for them to mispronounce half of them that way.
They're not stalled that way.
Just they pull it out of there.
It says the British and Australians find the American repetition of the U between the K and the L.
Quaintly amusing.
Good reason to get it right.
Nuclear instead of nuclear.
I mean, it's a, and I'll tell you another one is a jewer.
Yes, it's jeweler.
Yeah, jeweler.
And it's jewelry, not jewelry.
See, there goes George.
You got one more of that Jew talk.
Jew started it.
Can't control yourself, can you?
Here's one that says I used to work at the Red Lobster, a very popular with African Americans.
And they pronounce shrimp as swims.
I never heard that.
It's some seems.
Yes.
It said it may be one of duct their heads in the lobster tank.
Swims.
Swims.
Swims.
He's got it done.
All right.
He's been there with that.
Oh, no.
Man, oh man, I'm going to go to Red Lobster for once a day.
I think just so I can hear about them.
Swims.
Take a recorder.
All right.
Auckland, New Zealand, somebody says they want to live down under.
I bet you that's a pretty nice place.
I've heard nothing.
But wonderful things about New Zealand.
Just two damn far from any place.
But then there's some people that want to get far from where used to be civilized.
Right.
I don't blame them.
I want to get far away down under and never come back up again.
5, 6, 7, we're speaking in Linda Blair pictures.
I'm really shocked.
I didn't know she had it entered.
Yes.
That honor.
Yeah.
Well, we can't say what?
One over there and another one over there.
A match set.
WQM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hi guys.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Great.
Listen.
How about recreate?
Daddy Bush was taking his boat out to recreate.
Recreate.
But that's not even such a word.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
And that probably won't be on here because there's no such word, right?
Who does?
No, there's no.
Well, let me look.
There's recreate.
Let's see.
No.
Not on here.
We occur.
Yeah, we occur for recur.
It says you don't have to invent a new word from a curve.
We already have a verb recur that does the trick.
We occur.
Revolent for relevant.
But this is a good list.
Realeter.
Realeter for all, yeah.
That one really bugs me.
Realeter.
Reality?
Yeah, I talked to my realeter this morning.
Realter.
You idiot.
Realter.
Not realter.
Oh, gee.
Everybody says that.
I know.
I hate it.
This thing is making me realize Americans are having a lot of them.
I realize they were all though.
I will say this.
You really?
Realize.
I will say this.
You talk about people who can't speak in O'English.
You go to England.
You go where there are any Brits, man.
You can't understand a freaking word that these people are saying.
You need an interpreter.
They have no clue how to speak that language.
It never ceases to amaze me.
These are the people, at least their ancestors, invented the language.
And they never figured out how to speak it.
They'd be like creating a brilliant, like inventing the television set.
But never figuring out how to turn it on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pond, like Michael Powell.
Like inventing the radio.
But never figuring out how to turn it on.
Shmuck.
WDQA, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
To add to your words, I don't know if it's on the list.
And this one just absolutely bugs me.
I'm hearing it more and more on broadcast TV and even radio.
Pacific.
Oh, yeah.
Let me give you a Pacific.
Pacific, yeah.
Pacificly Pacific.
Pacific.
There's no more S in that word.
Not on the list, but I'm with you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot, Polly.
I'll see you in Hawaii, which is in the Pacific.
Why not go to show you how good education is.
You can't complain about American education because you haven't been speaking there, ain't none.
Very little.
26, Pat.
Now, see you've got the whole show sidetrack with this list.
Nice job, George.
Sorry.
That's okay.
They like this a lot better than the places where it goes.
Why, you need it.
The other thing is a very, huh?
That's why I emailed it to you.
I didn't think you'd read it till after the show.
Why?
It's mixed in match.
Yeah, we can do whatever the hell they want.
Whatever it'll kill the four hours.
You know how it works here.
It's payday.
I'm sure clearance got that check in my box on time.
Or else.
Now, he started really bug me that clearance because he's becoming more and more idiotic.
I never thought that was possible, but, you know, his ineptitude is starting to really show
a big time now.
Drowning in a sea of ineptitude.
That's clearance.
Stick with a ball games.
Okay.
Stick with a B.
Stick with a UM.
Stick with something your own level.
You and Mike Rosenthal.
Stick on that level, clearance.
Okay.
You're all right.
You're not a bad guy, but get serious.
As my little dog used to say when I mentioned clearance's name, Esmeral Program Director.
26 past 11 at 560 WDQM.
How's that New Year's resolution going?
It's the 10th of March already.
It's almost the I'da Martian St. Patis then.
I bet you a lot of you people are fat.
In fact, we got that article and everybody's talking about now.
And you notice how I'm resisting, but I'll get to it eventually, about how fat more people
are dying from fat than smoking from anything in America.
We're fat.
Well, it's tough to stick to a lot of these diet regimens.
Not easy to stay with them because they're boring.
Number one, there's little variety.
Number two, with balance for life, it's a piece of cake.
Because balance for life is the premier meal delivery service.
It's based on Dr. Barry Sears, the zone diet.
And they deliver right here, dough, three meals and two snacks every day in a little black sack.
With all that food in there, five delicious feedings.
How can you say you're out of diet?
So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet.
And don't settle for no imitations.
Imagine there's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, not even any carb counting.
People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life.
The zone diet's been proven to lower diabetes too, high cholesterol and high blood pressure as well.
And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance.
Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices.
Let you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet too.
So like I said, if you failed and all the others in your frustrated and you really want to lose that weight.
You ought yourself to try balance for life.
You'll feel the difference and see the results on the scale like right away.
Call them toll free today.
1-866-2254543.
That's 1-866-2254543.
Or check them like I said in the web.
balanceforlife.com.
My life and local.
This is Sports Radio 560.
Way to A.
Where of exploding balls.
What word did you say?
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
I'm not a fan of the word.
All is well.
It's a pain.
Always weacher.
I've been  up here.
Always you are black.
the
five sixty two and we got the
mad dog at two hundred four
fifty we don't want to overdo
it in the hand
because you got the exhibition
baseball marlins on deck at
sixty seven oh five the
Dodgers and Marlins in Jupiter
NHL the Lays Bertuzzi hearing
the NHL disciplinary hearing
into Todd Bertuzzi's attack on
Steve Moore was slow starting
they said the Toronto star
there's been a delay in the
hearing and will take place later
in the day NHL vice president
Gary Meager told reporters
the hearing was supposed to start
nine o'clock this morning the
NHL's orifices in Toronto on
the 11th floor of the air Canada
center a but about thirty
minutes after the hearing was
supposed to begin
Meager told reporters waiting
outside that some parties
involved in the hearing it asked
for more time to prepare
they'd asked for more time to
prepare let me ask you can I
have some more time no problem
so there's nothing much
going on there yet but I know
Georgia's on the advecet
about that no question
heavy do the big suspension
gigantic fine maybe ten
years jail time and after that
that let us ask out here's one
that says I know you're not
talking about it but I don't
mean to change the subject
but some great shows to see in
Vegas blue man group or
Cirque du Sole Cirque du Sole
Lay oh lay oh we can't play
that anymore can we was that
yeah we can play that okay
that's remember that AC and
which one Cirque du Sole
okay and a great place to live
anywhere but here it says
Jason Miami Lakes okay good
that choice Jason while he's in
Miami Lakes what do you want
how about conversate what
conversate yeah I thought
those were sneakers that's what
the sneakers eight been here
more and more the conversate a
whole bunch in fact maybe that's
what the Hank was doing when he was
talking to the Reno last night
conversate can you play
I'm a monkey you're a monkey now
let's see can we still play that
I'm go through the lyrics in my head
please that's not the one
just a minute
oh I'm a monkey you're a monkey
she's a monkey you're a monkey
you're a monkey you're a monkey
you're a monkey you're a monkey
swing and three two three
we scream that's what that show
no responsibility that's what
we're all I'm fine
I'm a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey
you're a monkey you're a monkey now
don't do anything we're told
because we don't know how
don't brush our teeth don't come
our hair we don't even wear clothes
we like to make you're crazy
what's our violent watch and fall
I'm a monkey you're a monkey
she's a monkey you're a monkey
we're done well
we'll be hate we just look to drop
wrong
well don't come from
we'll make you laugh until
we are bad
then we'll lay down scratch our
butt and watch you
I'll turn red
thank you
I'm a monkey you're a monkey
she's a monkey you're a monkey
we're all monkeys now
we wouldn't want to be a dog
a cat or a sore cow
we're smelly and we like it
and we've heard the things you said
don't do anything we never saw
we'll let's on your head
I'm a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey
we're all monkey now
I'm a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey
we're all monkey now
we're sweet and sweet as one cat's out
not as much as the other teeth as well
we're all about
oh
oh
24-cylinder
I guess what calls her name
I can't think of them
orangutans name on
is it patience
precious precious very good
how do you know that you
oh
Alzheimer's that's in this list here
old time I've heard it
you've never heard anyone say that
no and they're serious
while it's a disease of old time
it's named from the German or
orologist doctor aloas
Alzheimer
old time is disease
how's it going old time
anyway there you go sir
I hope we don't get in big trouble
for that bit
because Michael Powell don't like it too much
Michael Moore might like it
but Michael Powell don't like it
WQM line 9
hello
I don't know if this has come out
because I've only lived for a couple of minutes
but how about that phrase
he disrespected me
that this makes me want to let out
one of those how are these greens
he disrespected me
he disrespected me
he never heard that before
no
I think it's in the obonic
fiction area
okay I'll be looking it up for you
thanks pal
you ever hear that
he disrespected me
he disrespected me
yeah
right
that's reaching
5 6 7 0 5 6
I'm sorry that
I read that thing that you eat me
because I find it extremely annoying
but that's okay whatever these people like
make some happy
make you happy kill four hours
make you believe that you're in la la land
not stuck in South Florida
alo my name is doing a good almost up to New York
on here which shows that we got a lot of very
pericure people who can't get out of town
if you had a ton of cash and one
and one city to live in most of the time
what city would it be
Hanlu 81
New York
53
Miami 51
meaning some places South Florida
Miami like maybe Evan Chiro would be good
or plantation acres
or sunrise lakes
Miami 51
Amsterdam 29 San Francisco 27 Toronto
25 Naples Florida
22
Are these people joking us or what
Rome 21
Virgin Islands 15
Las Vegas 13
Stockholm 9
Vancouver 7 San Diego 7
Andorra Vaya
6 Jamaica 5
NASA 3 in Mallorca 3
Is that how you spell my record
is it M-A-L-L-L-R-C-A
I trust them
Eric and Josh
I mean I've seen it in print as Indian times
but I've for some reason that just
I don't know let me do a quick search on here
I know it's not with L's it's M-A-J
it's that's right
but I'm looking anyway
Mallorca online the Valeric island
the only problem with this going online
with these searches that if you misspell something
they still comes up
I mean just things
like did you mean to spell this one
no but it doesn't do that
Google yeah
Google what Google my ass
hey hey you want me to top that
no seriously look
haha
well you look it up I don't have time to deal around with my
organic hello I'm sure it's a beautiful place
yeah I know
I like this story though non-believers form political action group through with government of religion
this is in today's Palm Beach Post I like it
a lot it isn't going to go anywhere
but I think it's great I might actually donate some cash
atheists and other non-believers
launched a political action committee yesterday to endorse candidates and lobby law makers to remove all traces of religion from the government
oh right so long overdue
so about time all the God squad
oh right Jesus Christ is the getch keys
oh right the old Orthodox
lunatics
and the Muslims
oh right
but organizers acknowledge they face a major problem
most politicians won't want public support
from their new group which they're calling
the godless americans political action committee that's gay pack
oh gay
haha you beat me to it
not a good idea to start any kind of an acronym there with the gay
godless american political action committee
so Ellen Johnson the president of the american atheists who announced a formation of the new group proposing an unusual approach
godless american pack could use the threat of endorsement to pressure law makers
and deciding with the group on issues
if a candidate says don't endorse me
we'll have to say we have the right to endorse somebody
but perhaps we can talk about what we can get in terms of promises
from that candidate to help us out and return for not endorsing them
Johnson told a sparsely attended news conference of the national press club in DC
sparsely attended
the designated political director of the new group
Jeffrey Lewis told a reporter lady that I personally wouldn't use such a pressure tactic
so far the group has little money to give away
Johnson said they've got one initial donation
a thousand dollars from civil liberties activist woody cappella boston
the new political organization
spring out of a godless americans march led by johnson here two years ago
that gathering attracted a couple of thousand marches plus a few hundred hecklers
few hundred hecklers of course that's right
all you godless he then bachelors you
god's gonna punish you you're gonna burn hell
you're doing the work of the devil
really are there any dumber people in the really religious uh... nuts
you know you'll notice that the more uneducated people are generally speaking
everyone's only generalization which we never do on the show except for you
a lot uh... the more uneducated are the more religious they tend to be yeah
it's like give me that good old hocus pocus
or some shrimp
eighteen till noon i never heard that before i got that
that's it seems
he's
what he said i think he said something bad there myself
no no
holy shia did you hear what he just said
shrimp
hey if you're hungry then you want to break from the kitchen they do have shrimp
but do not say whatever he just said that the mocos do kick your ass out
i guarantee that richard will take one of you to get out of here
animal coast wants to do all the cooking for you man they cook up a feast like you've
never seen they've got six different delicious suits like your
wanton and hot and sour and all the other ones
they've got dozens and zidians
of succulent entrees i don't think we can say succulent anymore
New York strip made a word of their
absolutely at their right sizzling asian grill along with the new seafood
say jok oysters on a half shalexkin stone crab middle-back clans and jumbo
she's scampy every night
how you said
if you still have room sampler hand-car primer the new time special these the
animal coast don't use no msg no cornstarch no crap they cook only with
cholesterol for your oils so you never go to walk out of there with a headache they
got a full salad bar a new sushi bar and fresh
cocktail
and if you have any room left at the end of the meal
stick a crowbar in your pants and check out the dessert station because they
got Belgian waffles pies takes i knew he was good for something you know what
pasteries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too what a way
to end a gigantic feast be sure and check out some of those delicious little
succulent sims
amerald coast now with three locations sunrise pint out of 44th street
comments out of just note the one sixty third north memory beach and at the
other section of flamingo and pember groz in pember pies take the whole family book
your next business lunch and now let them do the cooking for you at the
amerald coast take out and livery always available to call nine five four five
seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two what is it five
seven two thirty eight twenty two for the ammo coast where you are big fat guy
just a little
five and look all this is five six
three use all yours
you and
I urge everyone to complain to this station
hi
hi
i took a call from the monics
they say the future be right for me now i can't get snow job
because i don't got no literacy i's talking like a no big road
the monics thought they how this way now i can't do nothing
but my heritage say that's okay change my name to shoot roll drive a doosena coda any can
let i remember when i was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their
bar grind the blues out poverty white devil's got snow job for me and
hi hi
thought it by mixing give my life a jade now i got you go in sell mo crack cocaine
crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine
crack cocaine crack cocaine
crack cocaine
lordy would have bar in his song
if on a snake it sounds funny got nothing to do with literacy now i got to make more money
they were pulled sound good to me i got plenty of nothing
you bought a thing get me anywhere maybe i'll have a good old white bitch steal a purse and pull
ahead then i gonna take some money my stereo and the fridge are dead
i remember when i was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bar
ground the blues out poverty white devil's got snow job for me
godt it could get my life a chains down
got you go in sell mo crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine guys
10 to the next 560 W3 and we got the Honolulu on top of our list if you had tons of cash what one city would you choose to live in Honolulu has got 91 votes out of 436
Pretty heavy duty Miami 60 New York 58 and then way down Amsterdam 31 San Francisco got
That's also the number of straight people live in San Francisco
Toronto 26
Rome 26 Naples Florida 23
Virgin islands 21. What's the big simmiss with the Virgin Islands virgins?
Not seriously. What's the big deal here? What's the attraction? I mean I'm not gonna call good things. I see
Uh Las Vegas 15 you'll be sorry San Diego 12 Jamaica 9 Vancouver 9 Stucco 9
Mallorca 6 you know you can do a Google search
I just did all kinds of searches and you can spell it either way. It still comes up doesn't correct you
Okay, but I'm sure that MAJ is correct
The New York Stullix it's right and Dora La Vee. What however it is. It's right
And Dora La Vee, huh six and that's all got four out of four 36
The Vegas thing all the way didn't Bob Lincoln move the Vegas
I'm not sure yeah, I heard that I think he did I think he did
Well, he's a kind of guy that would enjoy there likes that big 10 gallon hat
He likes seeing Viva Las Vegas, you know, he likes being at the kind of Elvis Jr kind of thing
Geneva Switzerland somebody says that's a good choice. I've heard lots of good things about Switzerland fights
But I ain't never been there yet
So make sure Josh when you put that on there put Geneva Switzerland because they might think we're talking about
Geneva, New York, okay, speaking the young Neil. Oh, I got to play that don't let me forget. Don't forget
Let's see impact getting back to the other thing
It says in the English language things have an impact on you, but they don't impact you. I don't uh
It says get it right role instead. I'm your weather blows, but at any rate. I don't think that's correct. Can't impact be a verb
That's a good question. They online dictionary ought to answer it right? I'm sure that it is
It can have an impact that can also impact your life. I don't think there's any doubt about this. This is a no no trainer
It can impact your life that I would bet your life both your lives on it right now
And I'll throw in Greg and the clearance. I want to agree with you. It sounds correct
But you know how that goes. Are you looking it up? I am
Impact verb
noun or verb
Yeah
Got it. Yeah, and well hang on. No, I mean I got it. I don't have it
Well, why not how long can it take to do a uh search? I got to get to the right thing
Man, oh man see if you were doing that thing that I've been doing that we're on now what else I think called
What they feed the feed demon
Don't you do that to feed demon that we're under now? I don't know what you're talking about
The feed demon it's got all the different feeds. It's got all the news stories including ours now
Impact noun impact verb. So it's a verb also
They're wrong. You're absolutely wrong
Have you been doing impacting impact?
Vickinary.com
And for example, even have a word of the day. Patrician is the word of the day
Or patriotition depending on how you be pronouncing it
So you're wrong impact and you wrote it in big bowl letters like hey, I'm gonna show you a finger who well guess what
wrong
Jack and L. Gene Illinois is that Elgin? I don't know
Why don't all this start
You started it with that damn list of yours. Sorry jack somewhere in Illinois says I've been listening since the bird days
Love your show you used to live in Florida. But moving to be Chicago where you're seven years ago. Good choice
Jack. It's a great city
I'm finally able to listen to you online every morning. Love the archives. They tried so hard to listen to man idiot man
Cow but he used to be but he used to be such a bush liquor
He defended the war everything that bush did. He is also such a hypocrite
He talks about all this Bible stuff and then in the next breath talks about screwing chicks
He's now totally changed his tune is screaming and yelling about losing his freedoms now
What a hypocrite says jack p.s. Love you Neil. Thanks Jack in somewhere in Illinois, Elgin
Eglon Eglon Air Force Base
Whatever the hell it is got the same letters you you said however you want. Okay. We're all literate. At least I'm proud of it
Here's one from Frank and Melbourne who says I hate the Ronnie Ray gun pronunciation of government as government
After Reagan started all the Washington Reporters
Pereded it government
My wife adds Illinois's for Illinois. I never heard that Illinois
Oh, I say what it means Illinois
Yeah, there are people say Illinois. Just like there people who say Chicago. I hate that. It's not Chicago
Good golly. It's Chicago. It's Chicago. Give me another word that begins with CH that's that you pronounce
We better watch it now, no
That exact huh
Shays lounge. There you go. I mean it's a French word, but nevertheless it begins with CH
It's not pronounced to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to like that if you're Cuban you say share
Right exactly and sunny
And put it on and mighty corn and that's pretty much your vocabulary
Especially yeah, we already heard that especially and then it goes to talk about one of our fine commercials
Don't be knocking our sponsors. We need the money real bad. Okay, especially under the current environment
So just leave us alone, but you got a good point. I hate that especially
But I'll here is this an update or the sucker punch has critically injured not similar craft CNN
You're why am I watching CNN? I wonder fun. I think about Todd Bertuzzi. I could go on TSN the sports network
I certainly wouldn't be watching no TSN. Well guess what they got on TSN right now
Curling
This is pretty exciting
I'm not but there we go. Sweet big good baby. Come on get that stone going eat
Go Jimmy. Yeah, let's go Jimmy get that stone
Give it a good crank
Have you ever watched this sure I want to be a broom man. Oh, yeah a sweeper
Yeah, yeah, listen to him real hard. Oh
Wait, I think we can put that on
Not that sound effect there
Oh, my god
My god, is this curling or the playboy channel?
Check your list things wow
I think we might have just gone way
Over the line right there and that was just curling a so it was to show how perverted and photographic we are here and I love it
1156 four minutes to Lunar QM the mad doggy at two the hoppers back on here with us in case you missed that
segment
Nothing is usual with Greg getting all whipped up you know getting everybody all been out of shape and there's more to come believe me
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are in
Credible you pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points
Get yourself that unbelievably low interest rate of just 1.25 percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments
Are a mere three thirty four month if you have you a two hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only six sixty eight a month
And don't forget once you refinance to get a new home mortgage from financial group
You will never pay closing costs again right down on your wrist their new tool free number
It's one eight six six three nine five lend and call and find out where I vote this pretty damn soon
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move on to your next property with no further cost of expense
You pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fees zero closing cost even when you move your ass to another property
Get the new low rate financing just 1.25 percent with the only one mortgage from financial group and never pay closing costs again
One eight six six three nine five lend that's financial group at one eight six six three nine five
L.E.N.D. There were an equal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 4.21 APR
My
Weird sports radio 560
8".I
Am Frao, IlNice
Russell Reddman
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla as with stock upfront jewels and listening to the near
Rocket
He never fun
Take iron!
Oh, they'll be coming down for heaven, oh, Ponsan Patise.
But great, they finally, hey, Richhal, across the USA.
What do you call her? What is this I hear?
Describe and valley, who? There's a bunch of queers again this year, who say that I wish to.
Oh, God, loves the Irish, and loves the Cards of your game.
And the Arya won't be marching upon St. Patise.
You can be a bum, a bucket of stumps, sure, and have okay, but you can't be Irish if you're gay.
No.
Now you're on a high barren hymns, those hamen and cis-grey have delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day.
Sure a little bit have haven't fallen nestled in the sea.
But you're gone straight to Helperhorma's actuality.
Oh, come, loves the Irish, as long as men are men.
It's a perhaps a little bit hard, so we've never been sure of it.
You can be stinking drunk and Ireland sings the labyrinth all the way.
But you can't be Irish if you're gay.
No, you can't be Irish if you're gay.
Don't even try to be an Irish if you're gay.
I'll tell you one thing, I finally figured it out.
I've seen a big bunch of Scotsman, unadvice.
The people from the British Isles are genetically challenged.
Okay.
That's the problem. All of them.
Breeding the Scots, the Irish, the Brits, the Welsh.
They're genetically challenged.
Baguio city, I'm sure that's not how you said. Baguio?
Baguio?
You're looking into Baguio?
In the Philippines, says somebody, I guess we'll just put down the Philippines just to pacify this fact,
because he says, or he or she or whoever.
This town is in the mountains, overlooks the sea.
The mean annual temperature is 76 degrees due to the elevation.
And you can have frequent companions shipped up to the mountainside, Las Montanillas.
I think they drag them up on a rope.
Hey, somebody send me up a dope on a rope, please. Do the old rope a dope.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We've got all kinds of stuff going on today. Thanks to George, thanks for me that thing.
I think we can maybe tomorrow we'll milk it a little bit more, you know what I mean?
We can take some of the best ones on there and make a poll from it.
And then add to it.
Sure.
Sounds like a plan to me.
Across as opposed to across.
Don't say across, say across.
It's easy to confuse across with cross, but better keep them separate.
Across.
He went across the street.
Affidavid, as opposed to affidavid.
Even if he's a lawyer's name is David, he issues affidavits, it says.
Affidavid.
Anardic, as opposed to Antarctic.
And how about February?
Is that on here?
Is it? Sure.
February.
We don't like two syllables in succession with an R, so some of us dump the first one in this word.
Most dictionaries now accept a singular pronunciation, but if you have an agile tongue, you may want to shoot for the original.
Oh, if you have an agile tongue, there's all kinds of things you might be thinking about.
We can't say anything on here anymore.
Oh, no way.
Don't even be thinking about that.
If you have an agile tongue, but nevertheless, February.
I mean, February sounds stupid.
I mean, don't really say February.
I don't even know how you say it anymore.
February.
Yeah, you get it, you like sneak it in there real quick, but you don't say February.
Oh, I just feel like stupid, Sam.
I feel like somebody we know.
Absolutely stupid.
I want to do that.
56670560, pound 560.
Did that computer show up yet, by the way?
No. No.
I sure hope it's there by 2 o'clock this afternoon in the QM building.
You know, the one that keeps disappearing from my house.
Yeah.
QM. Hello.
QAM.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I was wondering if you could find out for me why Joe and Mark were on our last night.
I called the guy, answered the phone, he said that they were called into the office at the last minute.
Yeah.
And I don't know what happened.
Maybe you know, is anybody there, the guy that answered the phone that he had worked with you?
Maybe he knows.
What time was this?
At 2 o'clock when I put on Joe and Mark in the morning.
Wait me in 2 in the morning?
Yeah.
Well, we'll check into it, Pellie.
All right, thanks.
Okay, we'll get you some info on that.
We got any info on that yet?
No.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
What is your lot of crap going down these days in this business, you know?
There's a lot of stuff, a lot of mysteries.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, man?
Pretty good.
Good.
I don't, I was lost in the last hour, but I wanted, maybe somebody touched on it.
It drives me crazy when people say, supposedly instead of supposedly...
Oh, yeah.
Hey, man, brother.
What do they say?
Supposedly instead of supposedly...
They say, supposedly, I never heard that.
I've been here all the time.
Never heard that in my life.
It drives me crazy.
Just wanted to check in.
Well, it's on here.
It's on the list.
It'll make you feel better.
Okay, good.
Thanks for having me.
Okay, thanks a lot, Alan.
That's a little time in America.
Supposedly?
Well, I'll tell you right now, and I don't want to sound like arrogant or like that, but the people here in Canada, I held them a lot better educated.
I grant you that.
There aren't as many of them.
And no matter what their skin color is, they generally seem to all speak English.
Very, you know, a problem.
As a matter of fact, I hear people say, supposedly more than the correct way, supposedly.
I've never heard that in my life, supposedly.
Supposedly.
Josh?
Yeah, I'm guilty.
You say, supposedly?
Yeah, sometimes.
Oh my god.
He must have a brain like a shrimp.
This is good.
Well, you're right.
This is a good idea.
Where the hell did you find this?
I was looking around for naked pictures of celebrities.
Yeah.
Because that's my job, right?
Right.
And that came up on one of the little sites that's, you know, if you're interested in naked pictures of women, you might also like this.
I'll say it again, man.
I lend a Blair picture, I think, is a damn impressive.
Nice going, Linda.
You go, sweetheart.
That's from my Linda Blair collection.
Wow.
At one point, I kind of put her in the same category with like Phoebe Kates.
Really?
No, no. She's always had that.
And you know who's hefted those things?
Yeah.
Rick James.
Really?
Yeah.
What a disgusting thought that was.
And right in the middle of lunch hour now and you're talking about that.
Oh, man.
Woo!
Talk about freaky.
Super freaky.
Right.
100 most often mispronounced words and phrases in English.
This is a beautiful, oh yeah, barbiturate as opposed to barbiturate.
Right.
And I used to say that until somebody said, hey, asshole.
You used to say barbiturate?
Well, no, the little kid.
Somebody gave me one and said, here's how you say it.
This one, I never, oh yeah, film.
Film.
As opposed to film.
I think only really stupid people say film.
Yeah.
You've got to be a moron to say that.
Film.
Oh, X, X, et cetera.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Et cetera, et cetera.
You morons, you idiots.
I mean, I'm not all that smart, but Jesus Christ.
Good going, Miss Molly.
Yeah.
Express it right after it.
It's as holy moly.
It's enough to make you want to go to Las Montanhas and just hide out.
I'd like to live in Italy in the, uh, in Sicily.
Croyley-oni.
I really would.
I'd like to live in the, uh, never been to Sicily, but I sure it's so beautiful.
Let me show you Sicily.
Okay.
537-0560, pound 560, and maybe, uh, Perugia.
They have those great candies there, you know, Perugina.
So I've heard so much Dan Good, Fluten, Italy.
Now, how come we're so fat and they're not?
That's what I'd like to know.
All these stories now, they suddenly discovered after all this time that we're dying like crazy
because we're fat.
Right.
They just discovered that.
They were looking for John Candy and they said, oh, he's not around the world.
He's dead because he was fat.
Oh, how about Mama Cass?
How she doing?
How about, uh, what's your name?
It used to be in Hollywood squares, the big fat, uh, tooty tooty fields.
No.
All these people would die because they were fat.
Your friends had died that they were fat.
Yep.
Two of them so far.
Two so far.
We got people in that building who were going to die because they're not just fat, but
they're just gigantic.
You know what I mean?
Not just fat, but huge.
That was funny.
And who the hell might have talked at 196 pounds?
I say very rigorously.
Well, I was 193 before when I was a vacation.
Now that's not really that bad, okay?
Not good, huh?
It could be better.
It needs to be a lot better.
I'm functioning.
I'm doing a show way over my playing weight.
Now people might laugh when you say that, but when you're diabetic, you have a certain
weight limit at which when you get beyond that, it's very difficult to function.
You know what I mean?
Down.
No, no.
Seriously, when you get above and as you get older, that number keeps coming down.
In other words, used to be able to function at 200.
Well, when you get to be a certain another 10 years, then 190.
And then see where I'm going?
Yep.
To the grave.
I think 90 is probably old enough though.
Anti-obesity public service ads may be too much to stomachs as USA today, eh?
The government unveiled public service ads yesterday, aimed at getting Americans to lose
weight and obesity experts are giving them mixed reviews.
Kind of like those bush ads that are getting very negative reviews, I got an article on
that a little bit later on.
GOP boss ads insult to 9-11 families, but he doesn't care.
Ed Gillespie, piece of crap.
Andrew 9-11 families again yesterday by saying only a small segment who are very anti-war
objected to President Bush's use of ground zero scenes in his reelection ads, the father
of one I love and victim called the comment insulting.
And there's lots more from the New York Daily News.
But we'll save that.
The goal of the campaign, www.smallstep.gov, is that people take small achievable steps
to improve their health and diversity obesity epidemic.
Now, let me ask you, oh, and you know who said that to Cheesehead, Tommy Thompson, they
dragged his ass out again.
Cheesehead.
What an idiot.
A drank water from a creek.
Who, as long as I live, I'll never forget that.
And then while we're on that subject, even though it's a little bit off the beaten path
here today, let me ask you this question.
How are they coming with a search for that...
An entrance.
Yeah.
For that guy who was making all those envelopes up.
Shut up.
Okay.
But how come the Italians read all that pasta and everybody says, well, the Mediterranean
died?
Okay, well, what is that?
Because it includes a lot of starch.
It includes pasta.
They eat pasta like it's coming out of a faucet somewhere.
Now, I will grant you, they don't eat the gigantic humongous portions and they don't
eat like spaghetti with meatballs, God forbid.
You go to Italy and ask for a spaghetti.
Meatballs, not giving you the old Bafan Gula, man.
They'll say, Achapecia.
K idiota.
Or something like that.
12 minutes past noon at 5.60, you really need to be in Italy.
Everybody who's never been in Italy.
If there is one, what?
I'm going right now.
No, seriously, you probably think, I want to go to Amsterdam.
The way before you would want to go to Amsterdam, trust me, you would want to go to Italy.
I think all we know is to think about.
It is so fabuloso, man.
It's just the food and the people and the things to see.
You walk around it and you're looking at these, it's like living in a time warp and you're
looking on the sides of these buildings on OVI.
What is that?
That's a building that's 2,000 years old.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I want to go.
And then of course, they got a lot of naked statues.
So John Ascroft probably don't want you to go.
But he's busy healing up from his operation, which unfortunately went okay.
Damn it.
And I'll tell you one thing.
Speaking of fat, if you're fat, you probably try in the Atkins Dime.
And the sugar busters with the South Beach side.
All the low carb sugar free diets are the rage non.
In fact, a lot of the food joints are pedaling low carb because they know that this is very
popular to none.
As a result, if you want to lose the weight on low carb diet, you have to keep on it.
That's the key.
You have to stay on it forever, really.
And the number one low carb store in the world is Delights and West Booker.
They've got a worth 1,000 low carb products to choose from.
In fact, they probably got a lot of new ones too because I know this toy this copy has
dated December 31st of last year.
So it's now a piece of copy from last year.
I mean, there's plenty of stuff on here, but I was sure a toy since you're doing such
a magnificent job with everything else.
They probably really ought to check this out too with our good friends over there.
Over a thousand low carb products, including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips
and brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, everything
out of the sun just above.
They offer you the widest selection.
The license opens seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You can always try anything to store before you bite.
And they got a knowledgeable staff.
They know you're low carb dieting inside and out.
And they've got the most complete line of Atkins brand's products that you'll find anywhere.
And Atkins products are on sale today.
Next, Sookas Everyday at Delights.
The number one low carb diet in the world is Atkins and whatever else.
And the number one low carb sugar free store is the lights of West Bokka on the North
East corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
In fact, you can go next to it at Boston Market and probably get some of that meat.
Meat low?
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, there's a you can stick on your Atkins at Boston Market.
They got your turkey and stuff like that and they're still in business.
Call toll free at Delights 1-877 Low Carb L-O-W-C-A-R-B.
Or on the web it's lowcarb.com.
Don't forget to end one thing I don't think they do carry though at Boston Market is...
See you.
There's only one Delights at West Bokka.
It's your official Atkins retail center.
It's in Bokka and it's swell.
This is sports radio licensing.
You way am.
By the way, I've been giving it some stores.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better go with 6 to 10 and not at 5.
A Gentile in the cranky too.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bag.
Strap on to tight.
No chance I'll do a show with you.
And I'd rather die.
We'd be crappy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big baffin' Jew from Brooklyn Heights.
I've been raped by everybody but you.
You're not high-tie.
We involved this man with blood.
No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive.
We'd wanna hear a Gentile.
And push it tight.
That's crappy together.
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
A show with you and me for me is much better 6 to 10 not 5.
It's only right that I should get more sleep.
Good night. I think we might be happy to get there
The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord.
Twenty-pass noon.
I never let that finish all the way up before, but that time I was inspired.
Twenty-pass the hour and happy birthday.
Well, what else do you say?
Congratulations to Miguel and his lovely wife and their baby was born, a little baby boy.
You say congratulations.
Felicidades.
But you had to play like a little something.
Alright, so at any rate they had a baby boy whose name is Carlos now and I sure hope we don't turn out like
Freaky Carlos, okay, maybe a little freaky but not quite that freaky.
Why would you drink somebody like that?
By naming him Carlos.
Yeah, we've had a bad luck in our building with Carlos.
We've had three of them.
That's what it sits out of the reception desk which is, we don't know what the origin of that thing is.
And then we had our Carlos, beener boy, which had less said about that the better.
And then we got Carlos Pequery, whatever his name is.
Who can't quit dicking around with the equipment on the weekend and dealing with all of our stuff.
So that's 0 for 3, it sounds like to me.
But maybe it can break the spell and also Guilty, his wife had another or she's popping him out like from a pop up toaster.
You know what?
Right.
Another one and his name is Kyle.
I hate to break the news to you, Guilty.
Jews don't name their kids Kyle.
On South Park you can be Kyle, but Jews don't name their kids Kyle.
I'm going to watch the South Park movie again because it'll pick me up.
Thank you very much.
Thanks for the good news about the computer.
The one that keeps it disappearing.
But now that Josh has got a hold of it, don't let go of it.
It's sweet and it never and the computer too.
What was I just saying before that?
Kyle.
Oh, yeah, Kyle.
I'm going to watch that movie again.
So there was some good news and that is I want to read this one thing in case anybody must have before.
The Senate Commerce Committee they are moving ahead.
It's tougher in decency standards.
They want to find this one.
They want to find that one.
Any performer goes on TV and says anything like that.
They're going to find their ass.
But by a narrow 12 to 11 vote yesterday, the Senate Commerce Committee defeated a provision.
I would have extended the FCC oversight provisions of indecency and violence to cable and satellite programming,
except for pay-per-view channels such as HB.
Oh.
So they defeated that.
So cable and satellite programming are safe for right now.
Until they get all pissed off and fired up again.
Well, we didn't go far enough.
Let's visit that again.
Okay, let's visit it again.
Love a neighbor like you'd like to be loved yourself.
Yeah, okay.
Wow.
I don't think we can even talk about that.
No way.
Don't even know.
He's talking potty mouth in Ohio.
He's going to get his ass kicked in Ohio because their unemployment rate is like over 6%.
Right.
A lot of people out of work knows miraculous jobs that have been promising.
Well, guess what?
Just like those weapons of mass distraction that weren't there,
then jobs aren't there either.
Oh, you waiting to see this mother going to have a job?
You had a jobs report, not.
Well, let's see Steve faxes and says people will say,
Sauchich instead of Sausage.
He says mainly black people if I can say that.
You can't say that, Steve.
Sauchich?
I never heard that.
Did you?
No.
Sauchich.
Sauchich.
There's some of Sauchich in the video.
He'll say Sauchich.
Sauchich in Prolon and Capacool.
Oh, I hate that.
It just makes me squirm.
You go into an Italian market and some of the New York weedos might be shopping.
And they say, let me have a bottle of Capacool.
Oh, man.
Kick them out of here.
Wow.
Pope had them deported faster and you can say the swish guard are fags.
John and Portse Lucis is all the guys who rupt last night because their prostrates
wouldn't allow them to remain prostrate.
Stupid plus.
Yeah, that's one of the most common.
Is that on the list?
I don't think I'm peak.
Not on here.
That is one of the very most common.
Instead of prostrate, they'll say prostrate.
Right.
Prostrate yourself before.
Jesus the Lord.
Before the Lord.
No, God.
Here's the fact from somebody that's really bent out of shape, really pissed off, which is good.
If you ever visited Rome, which I have many times.
And will again this year's a matter of fact.
And you still picked Honolulu, Mime, New York San Francisco, etc.
You were right.
Effing and more on it says with no taste of intelligence, flots so ever.
Well, there must be a lot of people who have no taste at all.
It was a tough choice for me.
I had three to choose from in my mind.
Toronto Amsterdam or Rome.
I'll take another city that will two more.
Neither would you run a list.
Let's put them on anyway because these people are too stupid to say it.
Berlin and Cologne, Germany.
Can you handle Cologne, Josh?
I got it.
COL OGN, Cologne.
Or you could spell that the German way, KOLN.
But I don't think we have the thing with the two dots on our tie-brother.
You can put them in manual.
And when speaking of that, when you go to Germany into the Internet, the Internet cafes,
and you're dealing on the net, it's really kind of freaky because I'm like,
I'm still on where the keyboard is exactly the same as the one that we use.
In Germany, it's not.
The letter Y is where the letter Z or X is.
I'm not really sure which one is that.
Or maybe, huh?
Z.
Oh, don't we just stop with that, please.
But the letter Y is way down around the bottom and the left hand.
Y.
And the at symbol, instead of being on the number two,
the at symbol is on the Q letter.
And on the keyboard, there's an extra key that you have to press for alternate, uh, whatever's.
And when you press that in the letter Q, then for example, if you do your, uh, you know, email at
a well dot com or whatever is you have to use the at symbol, it's on the Q button.
That's pretty strange.
Queer.
Ah.
Anyway, some of these anti obesity ads, this is our surreal in one TV, which I saw this morning on CNN.
Boys playing on a beach to discover a human belly.
Did you see that one?
Yeah.
They're poking at it and the little kids says, oh, I guess they must have left their big belly here on the beach.
Now, the implication being is very, very sublippable that if you walk it on the beach that you'll leave your big belly there.
That's right.
In another shoppers find a double chin in a grocery store.
Several print ads focus on close-up shots of heavy stomachs, thighs and buttocks, and show how they might slim down as their owners get more active.
Peggy Conlon, president of the ad council, which produces public services.
The new ads were a test market on audiences and everybody really understood them and felt motivated and then went back to sleep.
Other city ads might offend overweight Americans.
See, I find that unacceptable.
Too bad.
Offensive even.
The message to eat healthier and be more active is good, but to send it up on a way that makes overweight people look disgusting is highly insensitive.
Stigmatizing it on unnecessary says Kelly Brown, the elder director of the Yale Center for Eating and Weight Disorders.
I have two letters for you Kelly, F you.
Those are my two letters, okay?
Very simple, right to the point.
F you, honey.
As a fat person myself, fat is disgusting, it's gross, it's ugly, it's nauseating.
And this business of always doing that, you don't have to treat fat people with the kid gloves.
Bologna.
Bologna is good on the ad council.
Right, bologna.
I went to the new system, I was thinking about losing weight.
I stepped on the scale and they got a measure in sight.
They said, wait a minute, Rister is going so much that we can do.
I think life will suck you maybe the only thing for you.
Suck a fat off a lady, suck the salient lead.
Suck the fat off a lady, suck away, right on leave.
I don't have to die, I don't have to go and get you sized.
I don't have the word about no boldges around my thighs
Because by the life of suction, you know I'm a brand new man
Put up the Hoover, suck the fat out of splash you can't
Racco suck the fat out of a honey, suck the saliently
suck the fat out of a honey, hey hey hey hey
So why are you around me?
Gregory in bulk of Faction says thanks to our New Yorkers
there is no allure against going to the turlent all-lure
no l-a-w-r no l-a-r against going to the turlent
Only Archie Bunker is the only one to say turlent
Because when he says that we laugh our ass off
You like to have the lure?
When you can have a whole bunch of words with a Boston and the New York accents
and write a butcher to death
Speaking of being a fat, inactive Americans are eating themselves to death
at an alarming rate they're unhealthy, have its fast approaching tobacco
with the top underlying preventable cause of death
A government study found do something smart like having your stomach staple like Josh Friedman
and then you can see how good you smell
WQAM hello
Hey Neil, the one that really bugs me I don't know if you've gone through it already
is when people say statistics instead of statistics
Statistics?
Statistics, oh my god it's like a Midwestern thing in the end
It just drives me crazy
Okay thanks, Pallie
Alright
I'm saying another thing which is not a mispronunciation I guess
It's just an accent but it just bugs me
People from the Midwest say milk
People from like Pittsburgh to the through the Midwest say am I...
Any I word it pronounced it like an E
How about my Emma?
Or they'll say Illinois
Oh that just drives me Illinois?
Why what is that?
Or like the guy said before his wife was right Illinois
There are people say Illinois and it sure annoys the hell out of me
I'll tell you that right now my Emma
Right, part fate
Irv Shindler on K.A.T used to say my Emma beach my Emma
A lot of local salty crackers say that
Go back to China Irv he's still alive
Can you believe that remember he called on the year a couple of years ago
Well we're not sure if he's still alive
What if he's still schlepping the China
In 2000 poor diet including obesity and physical and activity caused
400,000 U.S. deaths
See here's the thing in cities in Europe
Although there you know the problem here in Canada is getting almost as bad as America
Is it the same crap that people are eating
Same in activity
But in Europe you see very very much much smaller number of fat people
Very rare
The Dutch on it and I know I will say this
Now you've explained this to me
Young Dutch people tend to be very skinny
In fact I've put it this before their bodies are like ikabod crane
Even they might have great faces
Yeah, but they're like emaciated like they have that Auschwitz look
And yet once they get passed about the
All of a sudden something happens they start getting like really grotesque and ballooning up and getting fat and pudgey
And what's that all about?
I don't know I thought you said food was bad there
Maybe it takes that long for all them fries with mayo to start kicking in you know what I'm saying
Maybe it takes about 30 years
And all of a sudden it just like settles in there and starts expanding
So they can wear those gigantic spandex pants on the dammarack but at any rate
In 2000
I'll get back to the thing which I interrupted myself about Italy
They're all of that pasta and you know what I think it is?
What?
Genetic
Oh yeah, yeah you acclimate yourself to your culture's diet
Just like the Chinese look at the enormous amount of rice the Chinese that just pounds and pounds of rice
It's the staple of their diet in China
And yet once the last time you saw a fat Chinese person
I mean there's some but I'm in pretty damn few most of them are skinny
Right
With teeny tiny little bell
In 2004 diet including obesity and physical and activity caused 400,000 U.S. deaths more than 16% of all deaths in the number 2 killer
Comparing with 435,000 for tobacco or 18% is the top underlying killer
Soon we'll be passing tobacco like it's standing still
The gap between the two substantially narrower than 1990 when poor diet and activity caused 300,000 deaths
14% compared with 400,000 for tobacco or 19%
This is tragic since Dr. Julie Geburting, CDC's director of the study are worth fears were confirmed
Dr. Geburting she was here in Toronto last year when the SARS thing was going on
I don't think it's too close to her
It's going to overtake tobacco if the trend continues she said at CDC we're going to do everything we can to prevent it
Obesity has got to be the number one job for us in terms of chronic diseases
Right and McDonald says no more poop resizing
That's what they said last week that's their response to it no more poop resizing
I got to order two orders
Yeah that's it have three orders of fries
And then you go into your 7-11 and get the big gulp
You know that 10 gallon coke with about 4 pounds of sugar in it, it's got wheels on it
I think what they ought to do is just like take a humongous container and just put a big
Big batch of sugar in it
Careful
No you know what I'm saying a big batch of sugar in it you could like just spit some water in it
Moisten up a little bit
Because that's basically what you're doing I mean if you have the diet so I mean it's a whole different story like I'm drinking gallons and gallons of my caffeine-free diet coke
Well they have not because you probably don't buy candy for children stuff like that
No I don't
I buy candy for adults
Remember the the Jolly Rancher Flavos sticks they had green apple, watermelon things like that
Oh yeah sure
They come in a liquid now so you can drink them
Oh man
So what was that stuff we used to used to be in like little wax?
Was that a Christmas time or holiday time you know what I'm talking about?
The wax candy with the sugary liquid in there?
Yeah, yeah that's weak
Oh that goes back a long time back when I was a little tiny kid a hundred years ago in school we used to suck on those
I mean those candies
Wow
And it was used to be like all different kind of flavors grape and lime and what was the idea behind that?
What was that all about?
Sugar water
I'm waiting for my engine to start with a bunch of sugar water
Man oh man I'm addicted to sugar the worst possible thing and pasta
Oh God
The SS the sugar would start police ought to be here
Instead of course we got bush and the other SS
There you go
WQM hello
Hey just COD
Yes sir I OD
I mean QAM yes
What about Wednesday?
Yeah
And what about W?
W?
WW
Is it WW?
Right
Oh the W
Yeah it's a bunch of the guys who listen to your show we love your show man
Thanks Karli have a great day
Thank you
And vote ten times against W
Now let's see is that what was the first one you said?
Wednesday
Yeah Wednesday
I think it was another reach
No it was not
Nobody says Wednesday
And I don't think you're supposed to
Well it's not on here the one just look on this list
How are you really supposed to be pronouncing that? Wednesday
Wednesday
And every Wednesday
And every Wednesday
Wednesday
Wednesday
That's German for Wednesdays
Mid-Fauch
Mid-Fauch
Mid-Fauch
I will say this as much as I love Berlin and Kallon
I haven't been anywhere else in Germany what I will
But I still have a little
A little bit of a problem when I hear it being spoken you know
When I hear it is expressing the Deutsch
Ooh it just
Ooh yeah
There's something about it genetic in your case
All of a sudden I feel kind of like a walking Lancet
I don't know why that is
20 till 1 at 5 60 WQM down on batteries knows nothing is more important than the safety of your family
Unfortunately thousands of Americans die every year at home fires involving matrices
A common myth is that these are careless cigarette smokers but
Statistics show that the vast majority of these fires are started by a little pain in the ass kids playing with matches
Certain now offers a new line of fire retardant matrices called fire blocker
Through dramatically stalled the spread of fires to get families critical time to escape
They're also more comfortable durable and supportive than ever say won't sacrifice comfort for safety
According to new regulations all new matrices will be fire retardant within a year
But until then
Certain is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard right now today
Dalai madris is the only retailer can deliver a new certifier blocker to you today
So column tool free 1 800 matriots right now for same day delivery
Dalai madris has got certifier blocker in the traditional double-sided design
So you get two beds for the price of one with double the protection
Dalai madris takes your family safety seriously with you ought to be doing too
And they're proud to be among the nation's first retailers
Draw for this new line of fire blocker matrices
So if you want to sleep safely tonight and for years to come make that one easy call
Like I've been doing for years call 1 800 matris 1 800 MATTRES
Or check them out online at mattress.com
I'm live and local this is 420560
Way new AM
It's a simple beer for a simple man
For shhh
Whether you're watching shiny cars go real fast at Daytona
Or simply trying to pronounce tough words like nuclear
Bush
Goes down as easy as National Guard duty in Alabama
So after a long hard day of pretending to make phone calls and trying to look busy
Suck down a six pack and hangin' for the bushes
Bush
Bush
The President of beers
On Washer Bush say doofus Missouri
1246 at 560 WQM I go nuclear every time I see him
When he was just making that speech only moments ago
In Cleveland
By the way the latest poll in Ohio carry among men
Carry 50% Bush 46 among women carry a 54 Bush 42
Got it
Got it
Just mention that in passing
If we had tons of cash what one city would you choose to live in
Word be your headquarters
Honolulu Hawaii 111
New York 83
Miami or a soft floor to somewhere 73
Amstadam 45
San Francisco 45
Naples Florida 39
That's the one I just I see that and my head's third spinning
What does that mean?
I don't know
What is there to like about Naples Florida only ever driven through there
Virgin Islands 31
Rome 31
Why would I agree with that fact of the idea that Rome is not to embedded in this
Tells me that love you haven't been in Rome it's because if I probably should have voted for Rome
Because if you had all the money in the world you build your own big
Palacio or somewhere you know up in mountains lost one panace
See
And just say that see the problems in Rome pollution and corruption
There's a few biggest problems pollution and corruption
I'm serious bad bad pollution too many cars
Toronto 28 Vegas 25
San Diego 22 Vancouver 17
Jamaica 10 month
New York 10
Nassau 10
Stockholm 9
I just like saying that Stockholm
Andorla Valle 6
Geneva Switzerland 2
The Philippines won
Nanyat for Berlin or Kologna the 605 votes shame on you
Well they're the little nervous when they see those German cities
I'll tell you one thing after just seeing the bush mice around my TV on CNN and Cleveland
I worry hell of a lot less when I'm in Germany about Nazis and that kind of stuff
Then I do what I'm in the USA
Especially what's going on lately WQM hello
Yes sir
The rumors going around the Joe Mark was suspended that true
Haven't heard nothing about it
The rumors going around from where?
I have an insight source they were suspended and there was a meeting
So it's the same at the clock this morning
Yeah
Suspended for how long?
It doesn't say it doesn't sound
It was supposed to be a meeting today and then the decision will be here today
Also there was suspended yesterday is what you said
Right there was there was there was
Well it came to it Paley
And we got any information on it yet?
No no
Is there a memo out yet about it?
No
567 05 60
Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Lots of crap going down a radio man
Pretty soon when you turn on your radio all you're going to hear is
The radio version of the test pattern
Only it doesn't translate to well the radio
Like it did on TV when you used to see the thing with a little Indian on it?
Yeah
Indian head
Right the old little Indian head
By the way on CNN International they got a weather broad who's got a shrunken head
I don't know where the hell they found this bitch but she is the most bizarre looking creature
And she talks like a munchkin but she's got like a little shrunken head
The czar
WDQA and hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
This is my annual call to you I call you about once a year how you doing?
Very well
Good I was calling to tell you that your poll numbers often times are artificially low and I can tell you why
Okay
I work in an office where everyone shares a server
It's a pretty big office I work for a government agency somewhere in Miami
Right
And what happens is a lot of times I'll go to vote on the poll and if anyone else is on there and is already voted
It won't take my vote or anyone
Right
That's true with everybody right
The number of votes we get on a poll is only a tiny fraction of those people are listening thank goodness
Exactly yes a fraction so just you know
Now do you have AOL?
No this is through work I mean
There's something here in this building only one person in the building can vote because we share a story
I see I'll be damned
And I guess that's pretty common so anyway
Thanks for the bad news
Okay thank you
Okay hop on a real fast that's my suggestion before the any of the other pain in the ass people in the building get to their computers hop on it
612 votes on there Berlin and Cologne don't have any yet so
What do I know see this goes to show you again the broke your nature of people in Florida even though we got all this polyglot or whatever they want to call it
All these people allegedly from all over the world
What were the hell are the people who have been in Cologne?
Anybody that's ever been in Cologne Germany isn't just obsessed with it isn't it?
To go back to that other factor about Rome Cologne is just fabulous fabulous
The things to see the people the food the ambiance even the train station area you can spend a whole day inside the train station
It's like a shopping center
Fabaloso
And speaking of civilized places in Berlin
How did I find this I don't know
One day of course you go to lunch go a little bit too far away from the hotel and all of a sudden you're like go stepping back to the hotel real fast and just barely make it
Luckily so I hope that wasn't going to happen again in one evening after dinner I'm walking into the easy internet cafe
I'm going to go online and check out the what kind of crap you're doing and whatever else
And I'm thinking to myself well I got a piece of bad it's just like the end of the world here
And I don't know what they'll do maybe they'll have a pea place in the end of the cafe
And I bought a block away right on the main drag the Kudam in Berlin right out there on a corner where there's a newsstand
And it says city WC
Well WC in Jack Parnu that was water closet
And I thought are you telling me that they actually have such a civilized place
And you're looking there are two stairwells going down and one says D for Domest and one has H for Air and ladies and gentlemen
And you go down the stairs and it's just like in the train station in Cologne
And remember these beautiful beautiful toilets van all these urinals and then of course you have to pay to do the more serious business like 50 cent
And you go through a little turnstown and got all the towers and wow what a beautiful I mean clean and antiseptic
And just amazing right out there in the middle of the city
So when nature is calling as opposed to like doing a number in your pants or whatever
Or like going into a total state of panic there you are
I'll still believe I mean right in the middle of the city it's fabulous
Can you imagine seeing that in Miami?
Oh no or New York
Or of course there's like an Amsterdam where they have those outdoor pee places where you stand in a green round of the thing
Where the hole that goes down to the ground
They sort of have that going in Paris don't they? It's called outside
Yeah it's called the street
WQAM hello
Meal
Yes sir
Where'd I have like camp stand when people say
What that was it?
Saw the body
I have no idea because either
Bad phone technique whatever was it me go
Real bad phone technique
Maybe it was just like that
WQAM hello
Hey Meal what's up?
Hello
Yes sir
No I just wanted to wish you guys a farewell on my way there now
I'm 95, you got my truck loaded up
I'm heading out of town hopefully for good
And just listening hopefully just giving you a call to stay for one to give hope to everybody
And so for everything we'll get there
Best of luck here pali
Bye bye bye
No problem man it's a pleasure man
I'm feeling so happy now and I've felt this way since I'm like there in the seventh grade man
Exactly
I'm happy and excited man
I can't believe it yes
That's always my happiest moment is today that I'm leaving South Florida going anywhere
Good luck pali
Best of luck
Thank you very much and have a good one
Okay you too
Or even a mediocre one wouldn't be bad
5670560
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line one of the most depressing moment
And you know a lot of people don't like hearing this I don't care I just expressing my honest opinion
Like it or not
The pressing moment is getting off the airplane at MIA
And walking through that jet way and all of a sudden the humidity just smacks you in the face like oh wow
Yeah the man
And you just feel like a wilted flower like a wilted pansy man it's just not a good feeling
How to do the one nineteen New York 85 Miami 75 San Francisco 47
Amsterdam 46 Naples Florida 40
That to me is a real head turner I don't I don't buy it that's got to be the crank vote of the day
Naples Florida
Westing 30 QM
Yeah, bye-bye. I regret life. I hop out of hop and more of that last guy. He's had not a time
30 QM hello
I just speak with me. Oh please speaking
Yeah, yes, I'd like to add Nimbin Australia to the list Nimbin
Nimbin and I M B I N
Yeah
Beautiful place
Very late back
Almost hippie tight atmosphere really
Yeah, very open culture. It's an Amsterdam without all the tourists
Mm-hmm kind of atmosphere going pretty open to everything
Is it here any big city that we could put on there to anybody might
It's a day north a day's drive north of Sydney
Oh, well, it puts in the on air just still you know
Okay, thank you Sydney you got an s-y-d-n-e-y got it we got it
Excellent
How we spell in my orca five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 80 is not what they have they have fantastic grapes there don't they my orca
I don't know what I've never been there
Well, I'm going to have to be there know something about it. I haven't been there either is not what they're famous for is in my orca is wine and grapes
La garapa
La garopa well, I know where it's famous for la garopa that's Amsterdam
Amsterdam is one of those places where you know you keep say at least I do I keep saying I just place stuff I'm never coming back here
And then you give it another shot and it's great. It's just it all depends on how many tourists are there
Because when there are a lot of tourists there's a whole different ambiance like my last vacation here
A lot of tourists all kinds of italianos and people from everywhere
And even the silly-ass Brits they add to the ambiance you know
When it's just the Dutch oh I can't give me about twenty thirty hours I do a whole show on the Dutch people
Okay, go for it
Mmm-mm-mm, my my my not not exactly my favorite
My life and love this is for trade-eal by city
Way to way
Oh boy it's the one to two hour
Tonight on the self-discovery channel A's, double A's or D's
Join me each week as I explore the inner workings of well myself on the self-discovery channel
I dig deep and won't stop until I've thoroughly explored well myself
So if you don't get the self-discovery channel call your cable operator and say hey I want to explore
Well myself the self-discovery channel
Oh you'll love it
Now where's the on-spitch for this?
Oh there we go
One o'clock at 560 WQM add-on coming over to the Humper at 4
Jim faxes and says here are two words for you
This one made famous by your buddy Dion Sanders, Venus
Instead of business, Venus, Venus
And ridiculous, pronounced, ridiculous, I beg your pardon?
I said it's right
Pronounced, ridiculous
And also Jim says please call me a quick call me Reverend Levy and hanging up on me
I'm not Reverend and not old Evie, what does that mean?
Your gay
I think he's confused
He's confused
Gay Republicans to run ad-serging defeat of Bushback Amendment
A group of gay Republicans who supported President Bush in 2000 will arrow TV
And opposing a Bushback constitutional amendment that would prohibit gays from marrying
The 32nd spot
By the law of Kevin Republicans who are a bunch of self-hating fangs by the way
Showed Vice President Dick Cheney at a debate four years ago saying people should be free to win or end
In any kind of relationship they want to enter and do, the ad begins tomorrow in several states
The Vice President also says I don't think there should be necessarily a federal policy in this area
The words we agree then flash on the screen
Cheney said last week he's in port to President even though one of his daughters, Murray, is gay
Out of the closet, bull-dike, et cetera, and so on
The law of Kevin Republicans' million dollar effort to defeat the amendment includes lobbying, grass, so in other words, they're spending a million dollars to defeat the amendment for these people
Most of them are still going to vote for Bush
It's like Jews for Hitler, man, it makes no sense to me
It's like Jesus for Pontius Pilate, I don't get it
Or Jesus for... Instead of Jews for Jesus, how about Jesus for Jews?
There you go, just like his family, I guess
In Jesus Jews
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, what's the story on a hockey punch on Thomas Tuesday?
We're running the 25 players in the league in terms of scoring
So he's not just a cement head going around smashing people
He's a skilled player and that's one of the reason why people are concerned about this
Because this is a player who a lot of other people even can't...
Well, they're still holding their meat, they're still bup-bup-bup-bup, like that
I hope they really stick it to him
WDQ, why am I am hello?
Hi, Neil, how you doing?
Yes sir, good
There's a expression out of Brooklyn, but I always hate it, everybody
When you bump into someone, they say bump, do NK
They say who might want to put that on for the old Brooklynites?
And I do want to mention one thing, I don't know if you heard the rumor
But they're saying that Tom Broca may be a possible defeat
Yeah, we had to stir on our website, he's got two chances none and much less than none
Don't pay any attention to it
Okay, I like it as you're one of the questions
Every time I try to go to your site and I try to vote
And I hit the vote button there because I make my selections
I always get up and argue well that they can't display that page
Is there anything you suggest?
Move to another neighborhood
No, no, seriously, it's exactly the thing that I was calling about before
Is somebody else by you maybe down the block?
He's got a different thing, are you using AOL sir?
Yes
Well, there you go
Yeah, that's what I was talking about
No, AOL nothing works on AOL
Oh, that's true
Okay, good talking to you
Good luck, you palmy
When he was talking about like little kids say I have a bunk on my A-N-E
Instead of bump, I never heard that
You ever heard little kids say I have a bunk?
Let's be a northeastern thing
All right, I've heard boo-boo
Mi-t
Hey boo-boo
Mi-t
Oh man
McDonald's played by health critics and fat aflattening sales has launched the biggest change to his menu in
30 years
30 years with its plans to give the multi-million pound prepared salad market
multi-million pound prepared salad market
You can choose your salad topping and dressing
You can mix and match the suit you've gotten lifestyle
Set a McDonald's spokeswoman
Who are they kidding?
However, consumers hoping to lose weight by switching from burgers to salads may be disappointed according to the interactive
Nutrition Center on McDonald's own website
For example
On the new menu to be launched at the end of this month a Caesar salad with chicken from error contains 18.4 grams of fat
Compared with 11 and a half grams of fat and a standard cheeseburger
The British Nutrition Foundation told Reuters that welcome the salad menu
But warned that salad dressings bought in fast food allister supermarkets could be very high in fat and calories
They said they recommend a daily fat intake for minus 95 grams per day and for women 70 grams per day
So they're giving you a big son to dance
First of all, if you really want to lose weight the only thing you're going to eat in McDonald's is the burgers without the bun
That's it
And don't be licking the ketchup off the bun
That's one of the bad habits I have like it
I'm still not going to McDonald's
Certainly I know
What?
Fat
Well, it's got some taste to it
Yeah, I could have some taste
You know what the ketchup is loaded with don't you?
Sugar
Azucati
It's loaded with sugar even see that cruisable nausea that grossed out by it
Azucati, Azucati, so sweet, it's coma inducing
Loaded with sugar
So if you just take the buns and toss them
The best thing to do is just get it take going to the drive here window
Eat it in a car toss the bun so nobody watches
Or actually an Amsterdam they don't pay attention to it anyway
That should be the freakyest thing going on there
You can sit in there inside eating it
No, they don't even look at you
Just put the bun in the sack and just take the nap
Can use it as a holder
And you eat the cheeseburger, the hamburger, whatever you like without the bun
That's where the evil comes in the bun, the bread, the starch baby
Starts turns the sugar right away in your body and makes you
Fat is a pig and if they're still talking
Here they're still hocking low fat
I wonder when they're going to bring snack wells back again
After the first 40 or 50 of those
It starts to pile on out a couple of pounds
Snack wells, remember that?
Sure
Speaking of your health by the way I've got to give John Kerry something good
Finally a lot of time to quit Wafflin and be in such a nervous nilly
Democratic presidential challenger, John Kerry has promised Americans on
Fettered access to cheaper Canadian prescription drugs
Bringing the contentious issue to the forefront of an
Acrimonious US election campaign says the Toronto star
Yesterday at around in Evanston, Illinois
Why Kerry stood with Illinois governor Rod?
How you say that?
How you say that?
A leading proponent of drug re-importation and an elderly couple of
Suzy US government for denying them cheaper Canadian medications
Under a democratic administration, Kerry promised America seniors would no
Longer have to choose between affordable medicine or basic necessities
Such as food and housing instead of taking immediate action on
Re-importation the lower the cost of prescription drugs for seniors
Kerry said the Bush administration is using taxpayer dollars to
Unadged to convince Americans that they passed meaningful prescription
Dredgery forum
Bush severly insist on tax cuts as he steadily loses jobs in his
Country he steadily refuses to allow the importation drugs from Canada
While steadily the prices are going up
Nice going boy
As Kerry was sticking a Democrat on Capitol Hill announced he would
Stalled an omination of former FDA chief Mark McCullen the most visible opponent to Canadian
Dredgery importation to a key Medicare post nice going
Byron Durgan North Dakota senator said he was acting because McCullen refused to
Explain why he was blocking America's access to Canadian prescription medicines
All the lies all they ripoffs just keep gouging a public all those Canadian
Drugs do not say they might come from like a Kuala Lumpur and they might come right
Maybe they come out of your back bone L. Nose
Lie and lie and lie to the public and just rip them off
That's why I don't understand
You think that most people in America were wealthy that they that they loved the big
Businesses they loved Walmart they loved all the big drug companies that are gouging them and raping them
They like it they're told they like mo they enjoy gang rape I don't know what it is
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
WQ and hello Nail yes sir how's it going pretty good
It's one of that's your quick question. Do you know what happened with a dual mark?
No WQ and hello
How you doing pretty good two things one is I don't know if you've used this word or this term yet
But the way George Bush pronounces nuclear he says nuclear we've been there we've been there that one yes
Oh and also I just want to say will you just mention about Bush well you know I was here he's steady
And he has these ideas and he sticks with them the only problem is they're all the wrong ideas
Mm-hmm. Anyway have a great day and you too well sir
Yeah he sticks with his ideas the only problem is most of them are pretty damn bad
But we had that interim constitution sign in Iraq what's not to like all we had some more innocent bystanders died over
This morning again worth it yeah
And there's still a pin in their pants about a civil war between the Shiites and the Asunis
Because it's a bunch of religious nuts we had about as much business going in the areas we have
As we had put in a Aristide on that plane if they wanted to kill him go ahead have a good time you know the rebels
We had to be playing the crystals and he's a rebel the rebels and they'll never be any good
If you had tons of cash which one city would you choose to live in that's our poll quest on theorogers.com
684 votes actually that's not that bad right we'll take it we're not gonna make a thousand
Although if we don't have a thousand by the next five minutes
Josh is gonna be eating shrimps for next to five years
Honolulu 100 I have never heard that I'm just the son of the look forward to it
I don't know if any brothers do you know I can I hear that do I have to come like down there and go to red lobster and like the hood
Okay that'll do it if you buy I'll go with you now do I also get to have some butter pecan ice cream
No
Honolulu 124 New York 94 Miami 84 San Francisco 52 I'm stood on 48 probably a lot of drug smoke and perverts
Or maybe just people like growing mushrooms
Naples Florida 42 Virgin Islands 37 Rome 33 only 33 for a Roma I wonder why that is
Vancouver 29 Toronto 29 Vegas 28 San Diego 24 Jamaica 13 Mayorka 12
Did you ever answer my question about the grapes? No, NASA 11 Stockholm 10 and Doralavia 6 Geneva Switzerland 5
Philippines 2 Cologne's got a pair now Polia Sydney 2 and Berlin's got one
East Binan Berliner 688 votes it was JFK called in from the other side the original one
Well speaking of JFK what a psychic for my governor how are you?
I'm gonna show on how we're deemed flipping them a pancakes. He was good at that you know what this he was
I think he may have a future in that because everyone landed right on a plate in fact he could let out a big
Whatever you with every pancake that flood lands on your plate. I like it. Nice going Howard
He turned out to be well I don't want to go through it. You know did a lot of good things yada yada yada
And and they've shown that thing on CNN four million times already about Joe Trippi in the campaign and how to all fell apart
They keep showing it like every ten minutes on CNN is those somehow they're trying to apologize for making such an ass at them
But the fact that it matters is the people at CNN aren't the ones that voted
And most of the people have voted including Iowa and everywhere else voted for somebody else
So thanks for doing some good stuff and stirring some people up Howard but now it's time to move on
Absolutely
You know what I'm saying it's like our morning show thanks for recreating a lot of problems getting everybody been out of shape
Mo but it's time to move on sweetheart
And don't forget Howard comes to QA him tomorrow morning at six o'clock
Am I right?
Right
Five I bet you Greg's life on it tomorrow morning if they tune in six o'clock they'll hear how Howard read on the station
Howard from Boca
Are you in a dead end job are you underpaid and overworked well if you like a new high paying career
But you don't have a lot of cash to go to college or the four years to await to get that job
Here's the deal pick up the phone and call our friends at fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train
Well I'm I'm telling you they're showing this hit by Bertuzzi on Steve Moore
They're showing us like 50 million times on CNN where they don't care at all about hockey
That's what really gets me and they're showing us over and over again because they got the footage
And because it's violent and grotesque and because they can you're a bunch of great robbers you lunatics at CNN
Fast train can have you trained insert a fight for a high paying computer network professional career in as little as four months
Which means by the middle of the summer by July maybe you can be fully trained already for a great new career
And a big fat paycheck and a life that goes along with all these things fast train offers day evening a weekend
Classes to fit around your schedule they offer job placement assistance financial aid to people who qualify and fast trains got seven convenient floor locations out of servue
So don't delay don't wait another minute if you really want to say goodbye to that schmuck boss and your meaningless job pick up that phone call fast train right now
And then just for sure it must be on your way to a great new high paying computer career
Check them out of the way but fast train dot come and then make that call once and for all call 1 866 fast train
My look off this is five city
Reuse all yours
You in
Oh my god no a word from Howard Dean's wife
Hi tell her I'm Dr. Julius Steinburn
Quite a presidential candidate how it didn't you can call me Judy now judge Judy that's a different risket
People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with howie
Hey did you get a good look at me and I or I scared a crap out of myself I make proud for this and I look like a shame a pooh
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much you this anyway how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it
No I say that's a bunch of mischegas for those of you who don't the capista yet is that means crap
How is a good guy though he's what you might call a loose cannon he's got a pretty bad temper on him
I remember one time one of our kids left the cap off at a toothpaste I thought he was gonna blow a gasket
The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were going in the corners of his mouth
The event my sugar I spent 23 years with the shagots most of the time he's a manch but on occasion I hate him
I think my husband howie would make for a very good president one of the things I'm a little peered about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV
I want to watch section the city I got to schlep down to campaign headquarters or to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set
I have never seen any program in color so I know Jackie Kennedy hell if you look at me I'm no Ted Kennedy I don't wear makeup
I'm like a whisker away from being amish don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints
Anyway Gazagazon that's here this for Dr. Judith Steinberg over and out
Pay for about the committee to elect John Kerry president and it sure got this money worth one 18 at five sixty W.A.M.
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line when are we gonna get the load on what's going on with you and mark as we're getting a few calls on us
I don't know I'll go one of the one of the things that we've discovered over these long tortuous years of QA
They just do that in a disappearing act and then nobody sees him no more a one-ended vacation right WQA am hello
Yeah, hi Neil yes sir oh hi hi I heard you yesterday you said if you know you years if you were converted one person away from religion
Yes me and my family with that with those people all right about four years ago
I mean I was brought up as a Jew and all that other nonsense
Oh now confirm they fierce the kids are not getting any of that bomb it's been nonsense and all that
It's just over with and I have you to thank and I'll tell you another thing I'm making the high six figures but I'm with a anybody but bush
And I turn everybody on to your website where they could get real information and I really got a thank you for that
I'll say thanks pal you're the best one last thing about what was
100 pounds kept it off for a year by just eating you know no fast food no salted snacks no heavy dairy
And plenty of exercise in water not easy but it works okay take care of you keep it up thanks
Yeah people that are going to McDonald's who pretend that they're on a diet I mean wouldn't look like that
If you want to go to McDonald's fine if you like that crap I go there and I'm stay molded because the food in the city is so bad
I mean just horrendous just wrote test see I again I don't understand it here's the Netherlands Holland whatever you want to call it
On a one side and here's Germany is right next to it right next door okay and the food in Germany is fabulous
I mean you can find just an unlimited number of really good restaurants they even had a brand new which we ate there once it was pretty good
Tony Romas in Berlin Tony Romas you ready for that yeah or you don't like Tony Romas
It's fine a little over price oh I'm not saying it's great but I mean I'm just using that as an example but I mean no matter what kind of food you want to tell you on or you want to German stuff you wanted
That great bratwurst the curry worst whatever kid curry worst whatever it's great and you go right next door to Netherlands and it's like food what's that we're too busy with the sex and drugs
We don't know from food so if you want to eat go to Germany if you want sex and drugs go what next go and then get out
So that last call they made it worthwhile right there it was a good time to hand the reins over to Josh
George and Eric are like gonna go off into the sunset George is going up to his joint North Carolina with a joint and I'm just going off to Amsterdam
Rome Roma Munchen I'm gonna be a Paul some farmer alright WQA hello
Hi Neil yes sir I was in Atlanta a few weeks ago and I have no less Nepal yeah and I call them
Yeah you call them yeah you sound interesting yeah what that mean anyway what he said was he said that
In George being in Miami but he hated WQA M uh-huh he said a lot of bad things about the station
Yeah good well let's grab glad you got to Atlanta Mike it's too bad to come back 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line holy cow wow man oh man oh man here we are almost 30 years later
30 man 1 8 years later 30 man and we still got blind like in the same bunch the same cash the characters
It wouldn't surprise me if any minute now we hear the call from Gil Segal all hi to any arrangers it's Gil Segal I want to say a good word about the brothers in the chamber
I'm always I was wow WQA M hello Neil yes sir okay my ex-wife although there's other reasons to hate her
He always says my in my in as this like from the temple you know instead of mine
I also I need to ask you a question actually can I can I set my booby on top of the radio go it in okay Mike we're gonna
This sucker punch and I take my take if it obviously it was an out of bounds hit but within the framework of hockey
Which is a very bad no no no has a lot of great bell ski I'm gonna tell you I get a baseball bed smack this guy over
long it's ever happened probably and quite frankly whenever retaliation hockey doesn't happen with a stick I'm sort of pleased because I think oh my god
This guy had a broken neck he sucker punched him from behind he grabbed him by the back of his jersey a sucker punch him in the head from behind and smashed him down to the ice he had his head on the ice and
As a broken neck in this guy saying well Luster wasn't with a stick you know where are these people coming from your crazy people your crazy crazy
People and that's why they gave a hockey itself the structing because Gary Benton is a moron because the people in this sport like Don
Cherry are morons they don't get it there's no room there's no place for this crap the holding and clutching in a hooking there's no game going on it's just a bunch of guys trying to
Would have picked as much damage is like the WWF on ice it's ridiculous but anyway am I gonna upset about it I just can't believe they put some
Schmuck on air like this but then again at CNN what do you expect defending it like oh it wasn't so bad a
New study speaking of the media new study of how the media's covered the issue of weapons of mass destruction released today concludes many stories
Stenographically reported the incumbent administrations perspectives on WMAW MD giving two little critical examination of the way officials
Frame the events issues threats and policy options the other three main conclusions of the study conducted by the Center for International
and Security Studies in Maryland and the University of Maryland said two fused stories offered alternative perspectives to the official line on WMD
Surrounding the right conflict most journalists accepted the Bush administration linking the war on terror
Inextricably the issue of WMD and most media outlets represented WMD is a monolithic menace without distinguishing between types of weapons and
Between possible weapons programs and the existence of actual weapons
The authors of the study state that poor coverage of WMD resulted less from political bias on a part of journalists editors and producers than from tired journalistic conventions
They also declared that the British media reported more critically on public policy than their American colleagues
But a shock in a forward to the study John Steinbruner director of the Center writes the American political system is in the early stages of
Contending with an unwelcome but ultimately unavoidable problem the US initiated war against Iraq on the basis of an inaccurate representation of the scope and immediacy of the threat posed and did so without international authority
That is prejudice the legitimacy of the occupation thereby undermining the single most important ingredient of successful reconstruction
He adds that the American media did not play the role of checking and balancing the exercise of power that the standard theory of democracy requires
Amen! Well said nice going you go boy! The media sucks! Make no mistake about it
Just all jump on the bad way I'm going to come up with this so we had on MSNBC the wall of heroes with all the pictures on the wall
All the nameless pictures for the most part and then of course both all the networks operation Iraqi freedom
The media is sick and it's not badly
Where were they come from all of a sudden I thought it was you know I
Thought it was because of those WMDs and 45 minutes away from some grotesque horrendous event that was going to take place
Some nauseating attack all of these things
Well I didn't go to where we're not we're not going to pan out so we'll come up with some other basis for this even though we decided it five years ago
This man ought to be in peace he ought to be in impeachment hearings right now he and Cheney both should have been impeachment hearings months ago
And he had to say we see him going around the country speaking with his 170 million dollar war chest
Would that stupid look on his face that during a headlights look?
And he just goes on and he had to spend hours and hours on CNN on the hockey punch
How many people do you think watching CNN care about hockey?
Five third man
27 after one at five 60 WQM spring of the savings right now and save like never before on a new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
US one just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 Armstrong's Toyota homestead is worth the drive to save thousands and thousands of dollars on great new unbeatable Toyota's
Check out these great leases waiting for you right now and 04 camera your for one or just 269 bucks a month for 48 months
How about an 04 highlander for just 309 a month need a truck?
How about an 04 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in the country for just 179 bucks a month for 48 months
These are just a few of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's Toyota homestead now with the toll increases on those people using cash
Armstrong will give you a free sun pass when you get your new car truck general manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today
So experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference they're locally owned and operated they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction they'll do whatever it takes
Their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done conveniently located US one 290 3rd street in homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836
So please don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over promised an under deliver and get your other
Deva ships under false prenat pretense do the smart thing called David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota homestead right now at 305 2 4 2 3 2 4
3 0 5 2 4 2 3 2 4 7 for Armstrong's Toyota of homestead right a little and save a whole lot on that great new Toyota
We're sports radio 5 6 2 a.m.
Holy mackerel this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Oh
Holy holy
Numbers are in throwin our dean is going to strive
The athlete and steadily is numbers now are dwindling good at PC has some e is 5
Yeah, the supporters must pay thinking what was the doctor drink it and he must have really bad eyesight
Oh my god, Michigan our dean
Good try
New York
Our Dean
Good try
Golden vote in vote in
Get those voters vote in our dean is going to strive
Edwards Clark and Kerry look better than who he's having a common dress is what the doctor needs
The hopeful next first lady should think twice before display for big foe may guns and or see
D
That's okay
Our Dean is right
Our board out
Watch it and see our Dean's eyes
133 at 560 w. Cum got some bad news well we did know a little bit about this before but we had a lie
Yeah, right right Joe marked Vlad and Anthony barring some reversal of fortune are no longer with the radio station
They're appealing for what it's worth but for what it's worth like the Buffalo Springfield said right how many sent is it worth
So ever there was some kind of an episode some kind of a sexual escape that took place on her show I don't know how many days ago
I don't know
No and at any rate that was the straw that broke the camel's back and what can I say
A sign of the time
It's a sign of the times everything if you fart the wrong flavor and you would think that with what's going on right now
You'd really think that if people were what would I been saying you know instead of being stupid and stubborn
Just cut it back a while give it a little rest right now try to tell for real that he listen no no
And I was doing mark bye-bye pretty sad do we have any idea what's gonna be on the night overnight two to five and a more
No I don't probably you know can not sports whatever that awful sports thing we got
What is that thing that we run on Friday sporting news radio
Oh my god holy moly of course parents alike because it's sports sports speaking of sports Damien Cox in the Toronto Star Day and the
Virtuesie hearing for those ten people out there who care has been postponed till this afternoon as far as no more news on it
But Damien Cox is really good calmness in the star says hockey's culture of violence must end don't expect the NHL to raise its voice
He says Todd Virtuesie has no defense sadly like Martin McSorley match onsen all the other
Amai's dogs that have created mayhem and hurt people before him Virtuesie will nonetheless have his defenders the mad cycle of NHL
Violence goes round and round largely because the industry is so devoid of two leaders willing to separate themselves from the pack mentality that defines the politically correct lines
And so many issues that line heard over and over yesterday was that Virtuesie's unprovoked unmoorned and cowardly attack on Colorado's
Steve Moore two nights ago that left more with a fractured neck was an unfortunate incident
Unfortunate price sickening despicable and in a front of the sport
But you won't hear that from this league an environment in which goalies were once labeled as sissy's for wearing masks and players thought of his
Less than manly for wearing helmets you won't hear a player or coach or GM or union rep stand up and call for justice on behalf of Moore
You likely won't hear any significant figures in the sport demand the NHL put an end to these vicious incidents that every two or three years lines won't release players in a criminal court
You're only here excuses and cliches and silence and empty apologies it's all part of a sick age old hockey mentality
A running back in a football can cut your whole and get drilled by a mental linebacker and then shake off the blow and retreat to his huddle
He doesn't demand that a player on his own team cross to the other heartland challenge that linebacker to a fight
And hockey however every clean hit is an insult to be avenged every issue to those who believe in this culture is best resolved with fists
You hit our guy we high stick you you knock our guy out we put your guy in a hospital
As long as that remains the dominant mentality people like Steve Moore will have to suffer now and then
Virtusies boss Vancouver Conace Baja and Brian Burke suggested yesterday that this incident should not be compared to Martin McSorley's infamous chop to the head of Donald
Bershear four years ago, Burke's right this one's worse
Bershear at least had spard with McSorley earlier in that game more on the other hand had done nothing to Bertusie during Monday's game
Yet Bertusie stocked more with the game far out of hand in favor of the abs ostensibly the seek revenge for a head against the teammate three weeks earlier
When Moore turned his head to continue playing the game the 6-4245 pound Bertusie struck with two cowardice diving his glove fist into the side of the unsuspecting Moore's head
As Moore fell Bertusie used his forearm to drive his opponents head into the ice as Moore lay there face down an unconscious in a pool of blood
Bertusie drew his arm back to punch him again
Thank goodness Andre Nicoletian Moore's team it was there to prevent the killer shot and it might have well been a killer shot
There was pre-meditation that was intent to injure there was extreme violence for this Bertusie should forfeit is right to participate in the National Hockey League
He should be banned for the rest of the season including the playoffs and if someone wants to make arguments for a permanent ban I'd sure be willing to listen
Moore over Bertusie's coach smirking Mark Crawford should receive it in forest holiday as well
He could have called off the dogs in the third period with his team down by six schools but instead kept pushing Brad May and Wade Brookbank over the boards to create more trouble
He helped create the blood loss that encouraged Bertusie to do something terrible so call the courts in one more time
Hand down the stiff suspensions one more time and then watch the sixth cycle of NHL violence begin anew
Right's the outstanding Damien Cox today's Toronto star
Oh, that's going Damien
But nevertheless does anybody care?
No
I know George is whipped up about it he's pretty pissed off
But what?
That thing
5670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line if you had a ton of cash loads of cash which one city in the world would you choose to live in
Raskin on our pool today and we're not doing too shabby we got 758 votes even though you side practice without other stuff thank God
About all our phrases and words so let me ask you what do you think?
Supposedly
Honolulu 133 New York 98 Miami 93 I find that most amusing
San Francisco 53 I'm stood on 52 Naples Florida 47 that's not only amusing that's that's sickening
That is just plain insanity Virgin Islands 41 Las Vegas 36
Rome 35 Vancouver 33 Toronto's got about 30 man good stay there
San Diego 29 Mallorca 14 Jamaica 13 Nassau 13
Stuck home 11 I want to thank Dave the cop who at times can be a pain in the ass but he affects that in
The only reason I want to thank him is be it is a great city
It's a beautiful city and beautiful people but I'll because I enjoy staying stuck home I just like saying it
Stuck home had 11 and Doroliveia had 8 Geneva Switzerland 8
Geneva New York not getting any votes yet 75 Cologne 3 Cologne Germany Philippines 2 and Berlin has got uno
Salamente uno I wonder why that is I guess they're not saying each
Been on Berlin or well too bad for you probably a lot of people real nervous about what's going on Berlin with those
Crows WQA am hello QAM
Grady the money snowman okay great have a happy day amigo mighty Cohn WQM hello
Hi I need a lump hello yes sir I'm calling to talk to Neil Rogers speaking how are you pretty good I've
Listening to Joe and Mark the other day and I remember Joe saying because he's on
Late at night they're exempt from all from the rules no no they're not right I've heard him
Go on Joe going a big tie rate about about you know what a jerk bush was so maybe that had something to do with it too
No I'm sure that the bush people are too concerned about Joe and Mark 2 to 5 in the morning or QAM I don't think so
Okay, I one other word I hate is a realtor realtor that's one of the all-time worst you've got it thanks pali
Jury and the realtor those are two that we're realtor just bug the crap out of me and the nothing worse than a realtor I mean realtor
We're more nice people but all our thoughts for the jewelry stores say it wrong how do you like that
Huh even the professional announcers say Juller instead of the professional announcers
Quote a whore who are they you know the canned agency spots we get
Oh especially the per can agency spots especially those right you mean the ones that talk about the Risterante
Perigoris up your nose yeah that kind by the way how's that depot doing 19 to 2 at QAM
I'm a man who is this poor 20 or price to QAM
Such is program on 1240 WGBA
Here again America's youngest talk show host six year old Neil Rogers
Okay I guess we're down to male and there's four minutes left in the hour
Who's six and cause all in how and Neil how's it going great that's good
Well so I can't film my subscriptions at a Rochester Democrat and Chronicle of good old
D&C what an abortion that paper is then I asked how many other people did like wise and they said no my business
Yeah well they're real nice over there okay well I just thought I'd let you know
You're a fun American have a nice life hello I want to speak to Neil you got him am I on yeah
Neil you're a stinky pink all glue sniff and dead water at a pansy
They call this is the day so far did he say pansy please me get off what a mong bring
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to do this show and this guy calls me named
She'm on you so shame on you by the way have you seen some of those bad boys at the new rampy
Now what are you
Cackling about a good is this my god a
Million producers in the world and they stick me in here with an egg
She's my god
I'm a castle
Oh no you're supposed to be such a nice boy and now you're for a couple yeah but you can't shut it off you can't shut it off
I don't need this
It offers from other stations
Catavia
El Maira
Fred Doia
But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque sub-human dude bag
Unbelievable
To meet the hell
Hello is this Neil Rogers
What kind of phone are you on sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or a watt?
No I have to put it to the operator
Ha ha ha ha
Let's
Let's not get into that
Hey I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night
Somebody asked him
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No I don't listen anymore he's a daughtering old man
He claims he's only 40
Yeah right and do we be true in two?
Oh shut a girl for a second
And if you think he's bad now, what it totally happens?
Oh boy
Okay let me come back
Maybe the egg will come out of his shell
But let's hope that
148 dear days we've said it about what's your name?
I hope what's your name?
We still listening whoever wanted to hear that
Hey what's your name?
Don't forget to play that
Okay
5670560, pound 5680 on the AT&T line
Bad news, John Mark Adios
What can I say? Good guys but
See I'm not going to make too much comment
Because I don't really know the details of what happened
So on the one hand we're sorry to see them go
We're also sorry to see the destruction of QM
Did I just mention this yesterday?
And today we had no inkling yesterday that any of this was coming now with John Mark
But talking about sitting and watching the whole place disintegrating around us
Like watching the fall of Pompeii
This is a tragic
We had the Humper on the right on the edge on the cusp of extermination
And he had to come back and apologize yesterday
What is tailed between his fat thighs
And here we are now with John Mark Adios
Bye bye
What the hell is going to happen next?
I got some ideas
Absolutely
Now are you going to pick on Mo again?
What? What did I say?
Actually we hardly even talk you
I don't know because he's got so boring to me
I just have no interest in him no more
You know?
Yeah
I heard him for the first time in here this morning at 7.15
When I crawl out of bed and get my ass in here
And I just open the pot and smoke a little bit
And I listened to him and he was doing all the stuff we talked about yesterday
OJ and the Steel and the Satellite signals
And Tonya Harding with a hockey
And I thought this is
And he was trying to make some horrible awful jokes about OJ
And all the cop shows he was watching
It was just tragic
Absolutely
And I thought to myself, Jim Sarni's got a good point
WQM Hello
Dale
Yes sir
How about Aspen?
Or any other...
Aspen Colorado
Yeah, because of any of the skivers or as long as you don't have to work in it
It's not a little playing, alright?
There you go, you got it, okay pal, you got it
Aspen Colorado, you got it, Josh? Good, he got it
WQM Hello
Yeah, I was going to vote for San Francisco
But obviously that's already been put on the list, great city
My other recommendation would have been Turin, Italy
Oh, Turin, no
Turin, a terrific, it's an hour from the mountains
It's right there on the water, it's not too large, not too big
It's small, it's just about right, it's a great place
And not well run over by the tourist yet like Venice
And foreign, the rest of the places
Okay, I'm going to have to put it on my itinerary
It's a, yeah, you'll enjoy it, yeah, it's right
Especially if you go to the summary, you'll have a great time
Listen real quick, the mojo drops, the stupid and the no and gain all those
Other than the website anytime soon
Well, they should probably should be stupid
I like the one where he says, take off those checkered pants
That's one of my favorite
Actually, stupid is around our house all the time
So it'll be, actually if you did a keychain with it, that would have been great
I know you did one with that, but you couldn't use all of them so I appreciate it
And then obviously it's always a request, a standing request for I'ma and these boring
That is just the best
Good, he's showing up now, he's all over the place
They confirmed the political maven of 2004
Oh, I haven't helped us all the while at least he's for carrying anyways so there's something
Okay, now, have a great day, yeah, for now is right
Until I carry, I look in the cross side
Well, a little bit, I'm a smanner
There's proof boys and girls if you have no, well, he used to have talent years ago, you know, about how many years ago
About 30, man
More like 50, I'll take your word for it
But even post death, you can still be making big bucks and be legendary and beyond, you know, on a network that nobody watches
And radio stations and all that
I'll wait till we play the bit
You got to run on there to you, RIN, to the ENO
I got a lot more cities in Italy than I need to see yet, I have a venancy is not one on my, I don't want to see a venice
So I'll smell those canals, what?
Still waiting for your report on Prague
Have a minute yet
So I'm waiting
Maybe later this year, like in Augusto, August Prague would have passed a lot of, a zillion places to go
So little time and so many wonderful places to see and here we sit at QAM
I am local
I'm here
This was radio 560, thank you very much
Thank you very much, you AM
It's a boring
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything
The pad hasn't stocked MSNBC from teeming up with radio's original bad boy
Who now looks like an SDL ring
Listen Bernie, I'm a sell-out internist, coffee sucks
Yes, every morning, see, I'm a sluss and do a tape of other people's county bits
Live, I'm the air
I need a hammer to bite into this muffin
Somebody have asked for a press one plate like you
See his wild behind the scenes at it
I'm not gonna make them, I am the eye-manuel, walrus, cucko-catchew
Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire
I'm a S.E.Z. reverent
So I want to deal with the poor
P.E.Z. topical
So I want to deal with his water game play
P.E.Z. in coherent
I'll tell you what, that's a double representant
What the hell is this bottle?
P.E.Z. I understand he's going to ring
And he's only on MSNBC
A cable channel, nobody watches
And a bunch of AM radio stations, nobody listens to
And when somebody gets some fresh jingo, it's I.L.S.
He's only been dead for 18 years
Oh right
He's still going strong, it's amazing
157, we got the mad dog coming by next to it
Did anybody tell us what's going to be on the schedule?
See, I could go off into a whole thing now about clearance
I mean, I probably better not
You know what I mean?
No
No, it reminds me of the scene in the Godfather
Remember when they're coming down the stairs?
Sonny in the Tom Hagen
And he says, if I had a wartime consulieri
And he says, pop had a...
J.K.O, the quote I got
Oh, I'm sorry, didn't mean that
Mom made some...
It's up there, you know
If pop...
If I had a wartime consulieri, I wouldn't be in this mess right now
And it's the same thing at QA
And this is the time for a wartime program director, not a little boy
Who's got a bunch of little friends from the University of Miami
Who sit around and are like playing radio
How many times have I said that about giving...
Turning over your radio station to a bunch of little children
Who are playing radio
About 30 men
Just this month, I think
And so in the 10th
We can't afford the luxury of having people sit in the mouth
Learning the business, I mean
See, we're back in the day, eight million years ago
Back in the day, once upon a time in America
You'd start out in a business
At the bottom and you'd work your way up
You'd start out in Canada, when New York and Batavia, New York
And Sturgis, Michigan, and Albion, Michigan, and places like that
And you'd work your way up to hopefully the big time
Whatever your talents would take you to
Not anymore, I guess it's like that with everything else too
Let's start at the top and then move up
Start at the top and then make greater demands
Well, I mean, clearance is a good guy
And gets my paycheck so on time and that's all well and good
But I think that he needs to have a little assistance
Maybe from up or somebody else in that building
Sitting down with various people
Which I've requested this very specifically
That they need to talk to some of the people
That were explaining the lay of the land or what's going on right now
The audience, like I told you before
To show this morning, the audience still doesn't get it
They're pissed off that Howard got taken off the year in Miami
And the other five clear channel markets
They're pissed off about that
But they don't understand it
This is so chilling what's going on right now
And so limiting and so scary that there are no words to describe it
None that we can f***ing say on a year
And so I don't know all the details of the Joe and Mark business
But it's like I said, it's really sad watching everything kind of crumbling
And just sitting around you
While Pia silly little kids are sitting around
Picking each other's nose and talking about
Sports and ball games and crap like that
You think when you deal with a multi-million dollar business
With a stock exchange listed company
You think that you'd probably have like people over the age of 10
In charge and taking care of business
See what I'm saying?
I don't know, what do I know
My dog is coming up next, that's what I do know
And then a Humper who's back with a stankalore
Humper's hanging on Beth Redd
For the stankal and put down the forecang
Bye, bye, bye
