We know you want drugs his job, but you have to suck that much belly.
Oh god.
Friday you fast-food.
Get away and feel the release.
Smell the fresh sea air.
Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban rafting on big lactic.
It's like a vacation.
Away from your troubles, your life back home.
You're the skipper on a journey to a better place.
The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day.
Unpredictable.
Breath-taking.
Life-threatening.
Cuban rafting on big lactic.
Roll your way to something better.
Roll faster.
No faster.
Here come the sharks.
You got a real much faster than that.
Grow dammit.
Pain for him by the US Navy.
Well, I think that was a very poor taste, George.
And a lot of your people are going to be really pissed off before.
Yeah.
Some five of the people didn't make it.
The heterosexuals.
Some of your people, right?
No, I said Cubans.
So I think you didn't really carry it away.
Anyway, the reason I'm ripping into Guilty was I just, you know,
I had another radio accident this morning coming to studio here.
I opened up the pot.
Take out the seeds.
Yeah.
And I'm listening to no mo this morning.
I guess he had some golf tournament or something.
And gullies on solo, which is painful by itself.
But at any rate, then he goes into a thing about the panthers and what a successful season.
And what an improvement over the guys.
Couple of years with a 60 points.
And remember, oh my goodness.
And the only call that I heard just ripped them and asked really good.
Guys, as how could you say it?
Was it a disgrace and they missed the playoff by 11 points?
Looks like 14 points to me at the moment, sir.
Probably didn't check the scores last night.
I don't know there's one again.
Panthers lost again to Carolina.
So Atlanta and Carolina both have hopped over Florida in the standings,
even though it makes no difference because they're out of the pile of contention.
But see the idea that you can go year after year, season after season.
And I didn't really contend seriously for the playoffs is pretty embarrassing.
That's not what the public wants.
So the franchise isn't allowed to trouble, which Guilty doesn't want to admit.
Because he wants the job radio broadcaster, which Judge McDonald's retiring the season at the end of the year
in five more games.
So Guilty wants that job.
So naturally he's just going like crazy, you know?
Being the biggest suck up in the world and it's pathetic.
You have no credibility, Guilty.
It's just embarrassing.
But that's a good year and the kids in the organization.
Yeah, right.
Season after season after season fewer and fewer season ticket holders, more and more empty seats.
More and more people who bought tickets disguised as empty seats more given away free tickets,
which people are even using.
I'll tell you that organization as much as I'm a big hockey fan.
How about those leaflets?
America. I don't know what else going on with them.
But at any rate, that's enough hockey talk now.
We got Elizabeth Hurley behind the beaten curtain today if you're over the age of 100.
And you have 15 permission slips and nobody ain't looking.
You can take a peek.
I'm not a big Elizabeth Hurley fan in terms of her physical beauty.
But then again, Lord of I know she's that huh?
She'll do adequate.
That's what I said.
Adequip, it's certainly not in the same league as some of the other people we've had on her.
But she'll do like you said.
Elizabeth Hurley, before we get to that, very bad story again.
And of course, the media aren't paying too much attention to this anymore because they've got
the bigger fish to fry than dead American soldiers.
And the administration doesn't want to talk about dead soldiers because it's bad news.
It reminds people again of this grotesque, unacceptable conflict that their furomized
there has gotten us immersed in.
Suffered attacks north and west of Baghdad yesterday killed three US troops military
sources said a US Marine was killed in two wounded yesterday in Ambus, West of
Fallujah.
And early Thursday, roadside bombing,
Bakabah killed US soldier wounded two others.
Also, one US soldier was killed another wounded Wednesday in the back north of Baghdad.
So the statistics keep mounting.
We're getting very close to 600 people coming back in coffins or body bags or whatever.
And you won't see that because the media are, you know, they're going right along.
They're goose stepping right along.
We don't want to see that because that's not good for El Presidente.
You know, I want to thank that lady that the facts are called in about, I guess you
called any other day about fundrace.org.
I had more fun with that more fun this morning and just, yeah, in just a few minutes.
That's amazing.
You can go on that thing and you can type in somebody's name
or you can type in your own zip code or a neighbor's name or zip code and pops up their name.
They're addressed.
They're occupation.
How much they donated and who they donated to.
You know, you can go into maximum of $2,000 any candidate.
I have pushed in Donald Trump for fun and being, of course, just a kind of colony is.
Like a punched Donald Trump for fun.
He donated two grand to John Kerry and two grand to George W.
Borscht.
It's called covering your ice go on.
Trump, Trump, he makes me ill.
Call result from yesterday.
Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the eugliest grotesque?
And Sarah Jessica Parker, man, it was George's choice and she wins it out glanslides.
There would nobody even close.
Nobody could touch her.
518 votes for Sarah.
Paris Hilton, needle those one, 292.
Sandra Bernhard, 183 and her brother St.
Fabio 133.
He topped all the guys and rightfully so a disgusting, grimy, hairy, gross looking thing.
Tory Spelling 94, JLo 82, Courtney Love 70, Julia Robert 68,
Justin Tinkerbell 67, Madonna 61, Donald Trump 54, who donated two grand to John Kerry and two
grand to George Bush.
Borscht be 49, pink 40, no, me Campbell 40, Pam Anderson, how about Pam Anderson?
But third man.
Share 28, Jackie Johnson 28, Tom Cruise 26, Betty Davis 25, Christina Aguilera, and Deon Sanders 24.
Lil Kim 20, Sandra Bullock 17, Yuma Thurmond 13, Mark Anthony 13, he is grim.
Jennifer Anderson, Aniston 13, Jimmy The Curtis, it doesn't.
Owen Wilson 11, I still don't know who that is.
Catherine Hepburn 9, Kate Moss 6, Lauren Hutton 6, Marlene Adetric 2, Richard Geer,
had only one.
But he said it was a cute one.
Now you told me so, let me get to Elizabeth Hurley, then we'll get to that.
Because I'm just, I am a guest.
I'm just amazed that there are people in this audience and people in this community
and people on this station, by the way, who are on the air, who don't understand the
seriousness of this whole FCC business.
Like I don't have better things to do than get all been out of shape about this.
And by the way, Scott in New York, Eric has been trying to get a hold of you with the StopFCC.com
thing, which we've been working our brains off and trying to brainstorm putting the ads in the
USA today. But we aren't going to proceed until we get some guidance from you or the fact that
you still exist. I sure hope they haven't gotten to Scott in New York.
You know what I mean? Maybe he vanished.
Because he hasn't responded to Eric's emails or his messages or anything else and we need to
coordinate with him. So we're not, I'm not pushing that thing anymore. We got about 106,000
signatures on there and nearly 13,000 from Florida. So we thank everybody who cared enough to
send their very best. But I'm not going to continue pumping on that until we find out what the deal is,
right? Right. I mean, you know, what's the story? He did call it in the show after we started
talking about it. A couple of times. That gave me the impetus to say, okay, well this guy is serious.
He really is going to do something with these signatures and try to do something to help us out.
But anyway, getting back to what I said. The idea that there's anybody out there who thinks that
I'm just making this up or we can't play the fart noises anymore. You people need help. You need
a lobotomy. One after another at these appearances that come on. And what are they saying?
They're saying no really. What, you know, they think it's a publicity.
And what this reminds me of reminds me of the feud with Mo. Right. Exactly. Everything I do on this show.
I mean, if you've listened for more than five minutes, you know what I'm being serious. I'm just
fun and around. Okay. The feud with Mo was there's no fun involved with that. Absolutely. I mean,
everybody in the building just despises that the Creaton like crazy. And as far as the FCC think,
I mean, just stop and think. I know it's difficult to connect the dots sometimes. Stop and think.
Howard Stern has been taken off the six third channel stations. He's been fined again.
All kinds of people are being fined. The two guys in Atlanta that they got suspended and damn
you're fired. Bubbottless bunch gets fired in Tampa. I guess this must all be a big joke, right?
We keep getting lists almost every day of words we can't say. Sounds we can't play. And you're
telling me that there were people coming up to you and say, Oh, Jesus, this really seriously. It's
just a joke. Oh, it was on the front page of the Sunset. I'm hoping that somebody read it to some
of you folks out there last Saturday. Tom, Jack had a big piece about that about the
Arigers and Howard Stern. And this one and that one and the chilling effects on free speech
if the FCC is going crazy. All you radio guys are always pulling. Yeah, right. Let's be some kind of
a stunt. I mean, what it's sad. I could understand that with some people on here who have no credibility.
Are you sure who are always doing stunts and phony baloney stuff? This ain't no phony baloney. It's
a bunch of baloney. And it is it is hard to believe that the group of adults would sit around say,
Oh, you can't play those fart noises. It's obscene. It's crude, though, something. Course.
I mean, it is hard to believe that adults would be worrying about such crap. But the fact of the matter
is they are. And all kinds of threats. I mean, what about the billets is let's make the
defined for indecency episode instead of 27,500. We'll make it 275,000. And then on the second and
third ones, 500,000 apiece. That's real happened matter. Right. What kind of a moron you have to
be to not take this seriously? Programs are disappearing. They're having a nervous breakdown about
Janet Jackson's booby and the Super Bowl. And I was like two months ago. And but I mean, but I
mean, but about these people still don't take it seriously. That is sad. Anyway, Elizabeth Hurley,
who was born June 10th, 1965 in Hampshire, England and the UK, wanting to be a dancer, Elizabeth
Hurley went to ballet boarding school at the age of 12. Look what I just did. Well, I almost just
screwed myself up big time. Slip of the finger can be bad. Anyway, she was in method 2004. This year,
that's is that out yet? Yeah. It's out there. It's out there serving Sarah 2002. Bad boy,
double whammy, be dazzled with the weight of water, Austin powers despite who shag me, of course,
EDTV. My favorite Martian 99. How about that permanent midnight? Austin powers international man
of mystery. I don't even remember that. Yeah, that was the first word. Oh, I never knew that that
was the name of it though. Yes. I've seen it. Danger. By the way, he's Canadian.
A dangerous ground. Mike Myers, great Canadian boy, a Samson and Delilah, Harrison,
cry of the city. Mad dog. I mean, she was an eight. It would take us till two o'clock if I read all
the list of the movies she's been in. Good idea. So anyway, there she is behind the Velvet
rope behind the Beated Curtain on the arrangers.com for you to Peru and say, yeah, she ain't too bad.
You know, in a moment of a desperation, I might think about it is what some of you are saying.
Of course, I wouldn't think about it in any moment, but that's another story. Wow.
Well, you told me that just blows me away. All the effort that we're exerting and exhorting
here and all the energy and you're telling me that people think it's a joke. What a stunt.
What you guys are going to do. Of course, then again, you're telling me about the people that
show up at the appearances. Right. Well, I'm saying. Some others too. See what they can't believe is
how ridiculous it is. Right. Can't play a far too much. Yeah. It is hard to believe. Yeah.
I do. I know. Joe Rolos, because I hear the pre-delay. I hear everything live as opposed to
after the bleeping out. So I heard Joe throwing the A word this morning. I'm not talking Canadian either.
It was the cool word. And Zach, of course, dumped it. Nice God, Zach. Thank the Lord for you.
And then Joe went into a thing about, well, you know, you dumped me and you're responsible.
Am I responsible? I don't think some of my colleagues here get it either. Okay. It's not like it's
optional. Okay. It's not like one of those deals. It's like do it or bye-bye. It's as simple as that.
I got two emails from my attorney, Norma Kentis morning who continues being a very silly
person, 1013 at 560 by the way, Norma. President Lincoln said he loved the play, but man, his head
is still pounding. If you wonder more about following a low carb diet, you want the best tasting
biggest slice of low carb foods than head for the lights of West Boca. You can't beat it.
Whether you're starting or restarting the adkins sugar buster, South Beach,
running low carb sugar free diet, the lights of West Boca is always been the number one low
carb store in the universe. And for good reason, because they got so much good stuff over 1200 low
carb products and stock to choose from, including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips and
brownies, chocolates, carbolite ice cream, pasta, delicious sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and lots more.
Don't forget if it's new and great tasting in the low carb line, the lights will have it first.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. You can always try anything in the store
before your bite. They got a front-end knowledgeable staff in the store who really know dieting inside
and out, and they carry the most complete line of adkins brands, products anywhere. And please keep in
mind the adkins products are on sale today, a week from Shavuas, Easter Sunday, Good Friday,
all day every day. The lights of West Boca, they're on the northeast corner of Glades in 441,
right next to Boston Market. You can come to a free 1-877 Low Carb that's L-O-W-C-A-R-B,
runwebitslowcarb.com. If you're on any low carb diet, the store is a must.
There's only one delights of West Boca, it's your official adkins retail center.
Tell me first about it.
Got back.
They take this engine by the storm, bring the facts
You can't take it anymore, girls, you can't say that
Oh, no!
If you're not caring of the kid or the Christian
Then what you say on the air will be considered a dream
Don't put the present down
And throw him down the floor there
Just like the money, down the pack from high back
You can't take it anymore
Girls, you can't say that
They're gonna make it dream
With that prince to the north of fall for the FTC
If I knew what they'd take, don't like it anymore
That for all I know to be the word she was born
Or I could have my radio, to be destroyed
The stuff that's linked to the town
And I'm gonna have to look back
And set for white out weird, do you con hacks?
You think that this is the one, oh, girls, you can't say that
You can't say squat, I'll say that right now
In fact, I don't think you can say squat
It's 10.19 at 5.60 WQAM
So I looked at that stopfcc.com
One last time
And the reason I say one last time is until that Eric notifies me
He emails me or whatever that he's gonna response from Scott
I'm not gonna promote it anymore, you know?
Yeah, I know
I mean, we've got 12,600 signatures from Florida
Including most of those from our audience
And we appreciate it, but in a total of 106,131
But Scott, unless you're gonna be responsive and work on this with us
I can't afford the luxury of like pushing and shoving all these people
Do something and then find out, oh well, you know, he was just kidding
You know what I mean?
Right
Or like, oh well, he went on vacationer
I mean, I don't know, just something to do
Right
Here's our poll question today
Maybe this will convince those doubting Thomas's
But I doubt it, I don't think they get it
You doubt it Thomas?
I'm doubting it Thomas
With all the censorship going on
Which in eels comedy bits or songs will you miss the most?
And believe you me, you ain't gonna be here in them no more
In fact, that could be our theme song now
Whatever you liked in the past, you won't hear it
Yeah
If it was funny
No, no, no, no, no, no
If you liked it in the past
Right
If it was a mute-deuce
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Oh well
Absolutely
So I made a short list, probably how many thousand
About 30 men
That'll be calling in today
And if you have doubts, we can clarify that for you
In fact, maybe we can even play it
We can play it a little bit
So we wanna find out if you're right or not
These are ones we know that we can't play no more
at least just a few of the ones we know.
Now let's see, can I read these?
Yeah, this one I can read.
Sofa, sofa, right?
King.
I have to leave a long separation.
Paul is there.
It's 16.
Woodies and Memphis, trouser trout,
holes on parade, the I-95
hole song and part sounds.
That's a start.
Which of these bits are, and thanks to the guy that called me
as there was a good idea.
I think.
We'll find out if it was a good idea or not.
The White House yesterday asked the Independent Commission
investigating the 9-11-territs attacks to give National
Advisory, a Security Advisor, conda,
leaser rice another opportunity to talk privately with panel
members and everybody saying, oh, come on, out in public
condolence, out in a bright, the sunlight.
No, no, shut up.
In the letter to the Commission Chairman and Vice
Chairman from Council, Air Bertog and Zalas,
the White House said that such a session would allow her to clear
up a number of mischaracterizations of Dr.
Rice's statements and positions.
Rice would still not testify publicly before the panel,
as the members and may relatives of the victims of the
2001 terrorist attacks want.
Gonzalez wrote that it's important that presidential
advisors such as Rice not be compelled to testify publicly
before congressional bodies, such as the Commission.
Of course, the problem with that is that the Commission is not
a congressional body.
It's a special independent commission.
Oh, well, don't confuse us with the fact.
But nevertheless, it's a good excuse.
It's a lame excuse.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Oh, look at this.
Where wouldn't this come from?
I look for Barry Jack Asstin, my hero today,
and the hero, the search thing is pretty lame.
Thoughts said there was not even an article in there,
but it come to find out there it is.
WQAM General Manager Greg Reed said,
QAAM is close to extending its dolphins contract to 2006.
The current year runs to the next season.
Also, Reed said he's considering former overnight
host Joe Costello's bid for reinstatement.
Reed Firecastel and Mark Eisenberg,
after a station employee discovered internet pictures
of them would make it women in QAM studio,
Eisenberg has not applied for reinstatement Reed said.
Oh, I see.
Another was they would make it a cost cutting measure.
You give it a Eisenberg, right?
The Joe and Joe show.
On another matter?
Oh, no!
You know, there's something wrong with this man.
There is something desperately and deeply wrong with our leader.
Reed said he is still exploring whether the station
has a realistic chance of acquiring the Howard Stern Morning Show,
which WQAM believes is contractually tied to clear channels,
big 106, even though the station is no longer carrying it.
All I can say to that is,
Oh my God!
Wow, just take that license and wipe somebody's big fat one with it.
Okay? Wow, wow, wow, wow.
But anyway, have a good time, Greg.
He is just unconscionable as what he is.
He's just a lunatic.
But anyway, here's one that says there's a QAM billboard
on Sterling Road, just east of 441,
that shows a woman's butt in a bikini
that reads WQAM has you covered.
Yes, that's correct.
How can they put a scantily clad woman's butt on a billboard?
At the same time that you're not allowed to say more and more words,
noises or play bits, because the FCC doesn't regulate billboards.
Remember the ad that we got balls that was pulled last year
because they were played by UM.
Yes, we do remember that.
Donnie Shalaylee, who unfortunately doesn't have a pair herself.
Very sad.
Contrary to most of the rumors.
56670560, pound 560.
We can put that up anytime you want, Eric,
and it'll get you in.
And you can concentrate entirely getting in touch with Scott in New York.
Who may be on the phone right now.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, you were talking earlier about Owen Wilson.
You didn't know who he was.
I have no idea.
Okay, he's in the New York.
I know Big Wilson.
Huh?
I know Big Wilson and Carney Wilson and Brian Wilson and Don Wilson.
Mr. Wilson.
Okay, well, Owen Wilson.
Marie Wilson.
Woodrow Wilson.
Wilson Phillips.
Right.
Well, actually, Wilson Phillips, that was the other.
Didn't you mention her?
Yes, we did.
Uh-huh.
But anyway, I'm not trying to sidetrack you now.
How about you say Woodrow Wilson?
Right.
I said that.
Owen Wilson is in the new, start-to-enhutch movie with Ben Stiller.
I'm so sorry.
I can't stand Ben Stiller.
He was also in the, uh, um, what do you, the rush hour movies with Chris Tucker?
No, no, no, no.
Oh, no, he was in the Jackie Chan movies.
The Shanghai and Shanghai news.
I definitely don't know who it is.
Okay.
Also, you were talking about Conda Sleiza, right?
I mean, Conda Liza, right?
Yeah.
You know, well, I'm, here's what I don't understand.
Okay.
This woman has been talking all over all these talk shows and everything just blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And, you know, then when we're, when we have this commission that is trying to do something vitally important
for the future of America and the heel wounds that are gaping in some of these families,
in all of these families, you know, even the ones that support Bush, they want answers.
Yeah.
And here she's using this separation of powers thing, you know,
right?
She used to hammer Clinton over and everything.
And they're, you know, and she's saying, well, you know, I'll talk, but only I'm private in not a good way.
She's a lying bitch is what she is.
I'm glad one of us said that.
Yeah, I'm glad I could.
And I'll be ham, proud to say it.
Have a great day, Pali.
Thanks a lot.
And don't say again.
Oh, and speaking of, in sensitivity, US President George W. Bush has sparked a political firestorm
by making a joke about the failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
And a black titan for journalists, Mr. Bush narrated a slideshow,
poking fun at himself and other members of his administration,
one picture of Mr. Bush looking under a piece of furniture in the oral office,
in which the president remarked,
those weapons of mass destruction have got to be here somewhere.
After another one showing him scouring in the corner of a room, Mr. Bush said,
no, no weapons over there, he said.
And a third picture this time showing him leaning over, appeared on the screen,
the president was heard to say, maybe under here.
The audience had Wednesday's 60th annual dinner of the radio and TV correspondence association,
obviously, thought the quip hilarious, they were laps all around.
But in the next morning in the cool light of day, things looked far less amusing.
The joke about the fruitless search for Iraqi WMDs,
so far Washington's prime justification for the invasions had branded as tasteless, and ill judged.
Families of the dead, family of soldiers are up, pissed off and fired up.
John Carey is pissed off and fired up.
He said, the president's even more out of touch than we thought.
Unfortunately for the president, this is not a joke.
This is my life and look all, this is for trade-off by city.
You weigh who am.
On the next beer factor, Olsen Entertainment approved by the FCC Seal of Good White Housekeeping.
We locked FCC Chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of booze.
See this, Mike? This is a booze, Mikey.
Stop it! Stop this spilt around! Find you!
See this one? See this one here, Mikey?
It's a bumper sticker for the fight against breast cancer.
That will be a way for me!
Lucky a little Cicci, here's my breast!
Beer factor, with Michael Powell, must see TV for the minds of ignorant little babies.
Brought to you by Direct TV. Now it's over 200 pounds of garbage and sh**!
1032 at 560 W. Come on, Josh, we need to put fart sounds on that pool.
Okay, that'll give you a few.
Fart sounds. There's ludicrouses that is and of course it's just...
Like I said, I got two very exciting emails from my attorney, Norma Kempis morning,
who finally discovered that the earth is round. That was very good.
What a sad sense. No, it's pathetic. He's so embarrassing, I'm humanly, I didn't degrade it for him.
So far behind the situation.
He's the kind of guy that will call you in other words that everything is going along just fine.
Oh, you need me for anything? Oh, no, not really. Get out of here. Get lost.
And then of course when the sky is falling and every day we're getting more and more list of things we can't play and things we can't say and we can't do this and we can't do that,
and you certainly can't say f**k that.
He's discovering things that we talked about weeks ago.
That's okay, Norma, that bad weed will do it to your brain every time.
Join George Tomorrow from 11 to 11, Bill Siles, Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 36th Street,
just wise to 27th Avenue in Miami, stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City Sub's.
Get there early because the Santa Chi guy is very popular there when he brings the free food and they hop on it.
And from 2 to 4 tomorrow at Lee Miles Transmission.
What do you mean? Yeah.
Wow, double header for George Tomorrow.
2 to 4 Lee Miles Transmission located at 18313 South Dixie Highway, stop by to spin the QM Ville and enjoy some food from Hulligan's pub.
I'll be saying all the words that we can't say on the air. I'll be saying that at the appearance of the pub.
In fact, I think what you will be a good idea is make like make up a list of all the things we can't say or the words anyway.
Can make a list of all the bits we can't play because that would be in the thousands.
I still I don't think I'm going to recover all day to day from what you told me.
A lot of people thinking this is some kind of a put on what and what do you expect because it is ridiculous.
Yeah, that's why people are so including me so pissed off and fired up about it because it is ludicrous.
It just it just like came out of nowhere.
All on the heels of the Janet Jackson Super Bowl booby trap which that that's an excuse that all of a sudden we're just going to start making up new list of things that are obscene and indecent and course language.
This is madness.
I keep checking my email there. I don't see anything from Eric about hearing from Scott in New York.
We'll give them through the end of the day today and if I don't know maybe we'll have to brainstorm something else because he's got such a great huh right we'll do something.
He's no he's got such a great start there with 106,000 signatures but I mean if we can't find out what the deal is and we can't get in touch with him.
We're certainly not going to start collecting money and running ads and newspapers and then find out that he's who knows what you know maybe he was on a bad acid trip that day.
Yeah I don't know.
Three exhausted dehydrated Cuban refugees were spotted bobbing on inner tubes and rough waters just off Saturday by the sea early yesterday afternoon.
As rescue a news helicopter is hovered overhead good Samaritans and rescue workers ventured into the water to pull two of them onto the beach of block north of a 90 pull of commercial boulevard.
Why does it say in the Sun Central article good Samaritans and capital letters capital G capital S?
Can you explain that to me?
No.
The third was plucked out of the water by the Coast Guard rescuers about a mile from the north.
Three of them made it and five of them died their journey turned tragic less than two days after they set off for Florida.
Of course with most people their journey to Florida gets tragic once they get there but that's another story.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line with all the censorship which enables comedy bits or songs or sounds when you miss the most.
That may be QA and hello.
Yes sir.
I want to tell you I wrote to Scott making a suggestion for his website that maybe they should include a web board where users could correspond and maybe set up organized and find a way to call on the radio stations and other ways to get the word out.
I think he's maybe just really busy with all the responses.
But that was two days ago.
Wait a minute. When you say busy busy doing what he's using I mean this is all automated he doesn't have to do anything.
He's using some other service that does all of this with the zip codes and that's all automatic.
I understand but I mean I'm sure the guy has like a real job and this is not his full time job is the month of this website.
With a hundred thousand signatures I'm sure he's got a couple of emails up in the box and how it can't be get to.
Could be.
I'm saying he returned my email suggesting that he put a web board on two days ago but yeah the website started getting quite as many hits two days ago too.
We're not waving.
I must understand because he got a bad phone or it's windy.
He did or he did not return your email.
He did return my email two days ago.
I see.
And what did he say?
Well he thanked me for the suggestion and said he was busy trying to get the others to form letters that people could forward to people on their email list.
Well that's a good sign in.
Okay.
Maybe Erkhojram.
Thanks a lot Pali and get out of the wind.
Get out of that wind tunnel.
Let's see can you still play president dumbest mid if not my choice.
Yes the answer is we can still play it because there's a good bleep in there right there's some good bleeps.
Damn good.
Oh sorry sorry.
Yeah we're not yourself now.
Put that in a cookie jar there.
Open up the bell jar jar.
Stick your just head in it.
Here's a fact that says I was talking with my mother last night she had a very good port regarding this over public versus Democrat thing.
Oh I don't want to read this whole thing.
If we could use the quote from Rodney King can't we all get along.
I can go on for decades but I'm packing my bags and moving to Mexico since everyone else is moving here.
Love your show.
Listen on the internet every day send a text down and then.
Best regards Steve.
Thank you Steve but boy long and ponderous just calm down and we'll see in the mechoko city.
Not me I wouldn't go there if you paid me by the second.
I hear bad things about Mexico.
Like the cab drivers like a trip to the Roach Motel you check into the cab you never check out.
Yeah at least not alive.
I heard there's Mexicans there.
Let's see the streaming is down says Joe I had to hook up my walkman to my computer speakers here work but it's since it's in the building.
The streaming is down.
But I hear humming and snap crackle and popping and static hiss in the background it's almost unlistenable.
I love to torture my Republican co-workers and get my Democratic co-workers pissed off and fired up says Joe.
Well nice going Joe whatever you mean I don't know what he's talking about.
And there's a lot of static and crap and it's humid man.
Right?
It's humid humid and it's been raining and pouring and all of these things.
Me time I thought we were going to get 80 trillion calls on this thing with all of these comedy bits.
I guess of course they don't know which ones we can't play but just stop and figure it out.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out think about it.
Right.
Put on your thinking cap.
We can't talk about it.
We've got 25 and 95 cool song 24.
Cool song parade has got 10.
Farts sound 7, trouser trout 6, what is Memphis 1 and it's 16.
1.
We're straightened.
We are?
We are.
So then what's your talking about?
What are you talking about Joe?
I think you got static in your brain in Tukabasa.
That's the problem.
FBQM hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
IOD?
IOD we don't talk about that place.
That's a toilet.
That's a right wing bastion of lunacy.
IOD.
Oh that was one of your people by the way.
My and low.
This is 4th radio by 16.
You wait and wait.
Asian.
Some say there's no way to preserve our healthcare system but one man has found a loophole.
A backdoor if you will.
Introducing the Richard Simmons HMO.
I know it sounds like there's an omission but there's not.
With Richard Simmons HMO you'll get medical care in a festive atmosphere.
Look, tick-wend hospital gowns.
And since Richard's always been a hands-on practitioner he knows how to turn a profit while you turn your head to cost.
And again you've been told to keep a 20 man.
Other HMOs worry about mounting hospital costs but Richard Simmons is only worried about mouth.
And over the table this one only takes a second.
Oh yeah.
And if you sign up now you'll get absolutely free.
Richard's new exercise video, Sweating to the prostate exam.
Richard Simmons HMO.
Line up now.
I'm gonna be the biggest HMO you've ever seen.
I think you already are.
Anyway, speaking of Richard Simmons you saw this story I'm sure.
Saw it, heard it all over.
Slap in the face.
Exercise, Google, Richard Simmons allegedly slapped a man who made a sarcastic remark about one of his videos.
He said, I'll tell you that's gotta be any, any ego that you ever had.
If you get bitch slapped by Richie Simmons then you gotta go and hide.
Direct your life.
To slap.
Simmons known for his Sweating to the Oldies series of exercise videos set to songs from the 50s and 60s was cited for Mr. Meena Resolve.
A fellow passenger recognized Simmons on Wednesday night.
A Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport as he was waiting for a flight to LA police said.
The man made it off the head comment.
He says, hey everybody it's Richard Simmons.
Let's drop our bags and walk to the 50s.
Mr. Simmons took exception of the statement, walk over to the other passenger and apparently slap him in the face.
The passenger wasn't injured but told the police he intended to file charges against Simmons 55.
Osborne said Simmons was cited for Mr. Meena Resolve and permitted the board his flight.
I didn't know we needed a plane.
What a piece of dirt he is.
We can still say dirt.
You know, we're doing this wrong.
It's my fault, my bad.
The pool today.
Okay.
Now we're doing it wrong because they don't know what we need to do which will save us from a lot of opinion as calls is continue what we're doing the other day.
And then as we get to ones that we can't play, we'll add them on the list.
And we can do this as part like a ten part series and then we can have like a runoff at the end.
Take the top five from each day. See what I'm saying?
Right, build up.
Huh? Like we did with the music stuff.
Although this is much more entertaining than the music stuff because they hate my music.
Well, too bad.
Raspberry.
That's one thing we always have to, I realize it's juvenile and childish, but I'm telling you right now.
Oh yeah, Dickens citer.
Get that on your right away, Josh.
Find sponsor by the way.
Right.
It's one of our sponsors, but we can't play the bit.
Dickens citer.
Let's see.
Here's one that says I used to play the Crepitation Contest in the car when my son was younger and he was whining and crying.
He would immediately start laughing and laughing.
This whole situation is pathetic.
It says Dr. Ben.
I don't think we can play that either.
Can we?
Ben Dover?
I don't know.
I don't know.
We'll have to listen to it.
Well, we'll take a couple more calls, but I think let's see.
You got that on there.
Now what about the Crepitation?
No, it can't play that.
That's what you played.
Oh my goodness.
I think butts are parked out.
Extrateria activity.
So that's gone.
And Dickens citer is gone, which we have to articulate and enunciate very clearly to make sure you understand we eat 10 no crap words, no bad words, no dirty words.
This is pathetic.
Okay, the sofa king has got 45.
We'll hear that in a moment out of 123 votes.
The I-95 song has got three.
It does begin with an A.
The Farts on 24 calls on parade has got 10.
Trows it for out 10.
What is Memphis only one and it's 16 only one?
We'll take a few calls, but I think we're going to put the abortion shuffle on there.
Right?
Abortion shuffle.
You can add that one on there because we listen to some of that the other day.
About this much.
And that was enough.
How about a QA?
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I will very much miss cowboy Richard very much.
Okay.
That was a great, great bit long gone.
I also wanted to tell you that I signed into the stop FCC.
And I was wondering when somebody would stop the right wing.com because I will find that a thousand times.
And I also had an idea for a call for you.
I am just full of stuff today.
I had an idea for a poll when I almost had an accident and was almost forced at gunpoint to go into a Walmart.
My idea for a poll is what business would you not patronize under any circumstances?
And the top of my list would be Walmart.
Hey man, I'm right there with an ancestor.
That place is Walmart and Eckerds.
So yes, I agree with you.
I don't go to Eckerds anymore.
So I'm a Walgreens person.
Eckerds is a antique least domain.
I love this woman.
I love you guys too.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
See you, see you, see you, it came already.
No more cowboy Richard.
See you, it's hard.
Bye.
Okay, cowboy Dicks ice cream.
We can put that on list.
We can't play it, but we can put on list.
And I can actually say it.
Now, let's see, I guess I'm going to get back to the abortion shuffle.
I don't think this is a better way to do it.
Sure.
Because the other way is to have passion.
Although, you know, there are people like this lady who's very astute.
But they're not going to remember the 85,000 bits we got in here.
How could that one day find out all the different ones that we can't play anymore?
That's when they're going to start getting pissed off and fired up.
WDQA, hello.
Hi guys, you're the best.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Great, listen, what's the status of the moment?
Because I'm sure we're going to miss the moment if you can't play.
Most of those, I don't think we're going to be able to play no more.
Yeah, one day in Chris.
No, you won't hear that no more.
Anyway, George, you there?
I'm not George, he's still there.
How about the shield so far this season, any comment?
Excellent.
Yeah, pretty good.
What are the sopranos?
He's gone.
You there in another call.
The sopranos are crap this year is what I'm hearing.
The last year.
So now let's see, how do we do that?
Because almost all the mobs will have to listen to my guess.
Now we know, what does that one call?
Let's see, how are David as it called, Chris and Aronde?
I don't know.
No, or maybe it's just called...
Yeah, that's it.
What just happened there?
Don't tell me this thing just...
Oh, I see, I haven't gotten a rid of...
You dropped by Chris.
Yeah, see?
There you go.
He doesn't know Chris.
I hadn't got rid of Hannah Maria with all due respect.
What about I...
I...
Sorry.
Well, the good news is, here's some good news.
There isn't too much.
But we can still, believe it or not, play...
I can't find it.
You see, maybe they already took it out.
Oh no.
You are joking me.
It may be advanced all by itself.
How is that possible?
What are you looking for?
I'm looking for the O.I.
I don't want to...
Oh, there it is.
Oh, there it is.
Wow.
Scared to hell out of me.
Wow.
Panic set in.
Holy moly.
This is quite a cleansing experience, man.
Cleansing.
WQM, hello.
Neorodders.
Speaking.
Hey.
What about the gauge...
gauge squared ants can't play that normal.
Hey, this is tied from...
These great.
That's right.
Hey, Todd, how's it going?
Pretty good.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
They had a little bit of a blurb there yesterday, but not that much.
All right.
Well, it's too bad you can't play all the fun stuff anymore.
That's right.
They've taken a fun out of life.
They can play the...
The Burton noises instead of the fart.
Maybe.
Just not too many of them.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Todd.
Say how do my friend Dick Purt...
I mean, say how to...
Purtin for me, okay?
I will do it.
See you, Todd.
Bye-bye.
Oh, boy.
He's in Detroit.
He's still laughing.
I'm pleased to hear that.
That's good sign.
You know what?
He must have a great sense of humor.
Because if you're in Detroit, you're still laughing.
Here's a guy.
This is a great story.
You've fixed me.
Richman Virginia.
His devotion to a TV crime show helped David.
Dan Leach.
Kill his pregnant girlfriend.
And avoid suspicion, please, say the S.
Today.
But a movie led him to confess.
All right.
You see how the Lord works in mysterious ways, right?
Overwhelmed after viewing the past of the Christ, the 21-year-old Rosenberg
man.
There's a place in Virginia called Rosenberg.
I don't think there's any Jews there, though.
Anyway, I've told Fort Bend County detectives that he had strangled his
girlfriend and made her death appear to be a suicide after she told him she was pregnant
with his child.
The patient of the Christ moved him spiritually, Sheriff's Detective Mike Kubrick said of
actor director Mel Gibson's controversial film.
He wanted redemption.
He's in the county jail and moved $100,000 bail.
How do you like that?
He felt compelled to come forward with this.
He didn't really express any remorse for the victim, but he just had to come forward and
cleanse his soul.
He was compelled.
That the power of Christ compel you.
Oh!
The power of Christ compel you.
Absolutely.
The power of Christ compel you.
The power of Christ compel you.
Oh!
That's enough.
Okay, let's get back to the abortion shuffle now and get an alphabetical order.
So, we'll be like kind of mix and match.
We'll get some suggestions from the audience and we'll go through this thing and maybe
audition a few more.
Duff like that.
He said he'd like to eat his pants.
Of course, duck peas in his pants every day is what I'm here.
And other things.
$5670560.
$560 on the AT&T.
And see, it's a good thing they took those sounds away because in the old days back in the
day, when I could play those sounds as a few days ago, after I would have said that,
I'd have played one of those then they wouldn't know the other things.
See, it would have been bad.
W.A.M., hello.
Hey, can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, let me turn this down.
I'm calling you from SAM.
I just want to let you know that we're in on the FCC website.
Right.
And we're promoting it everywhere.
Also, there is a couple of chief channel stations that are promoting it.
There was a guy that called the Philips Flaw out in Orlando saying that you were talking about it
and he started promoting it.
Nice calling, Jim.
And he's a big fan of yours.
I know that he's a good guy.
And I was down there singing Fort Lauderdale yesterday and I came back and I picked up your station all the way up to Bartos.
Wow.
You've got a pretty good...
You've got a signal out there.
Also, except they're here in Data Broward, you can't hear it at all.
But when you get to Bartos, man, we're dynamite.
Also, you can still play the bridge vendor, right?
I'm pretty sure he's as clean as it gets.
Okay. And can I say that the FCC is a boot bag?
No.
Too bad about that one, huh?
Yeah.
That's another word you can't say.
Okay, he said the D word as in FCC can't say that, which I realize is unbelievably childish, and juvenile, and pathetic, and tragic, but, you know, we need the money.
General, my name is Accenthal.
And the number one question I get from men is Accenthal.
How do you get so many women?
And the number one question from women I get is...
Well, I don't think we can play that either, can we?
I don't think so.
No.
And anyway, I'll listen to it during the break.
My local business is 560.
The radio's on your side.
Q&A.
RRNANAHONIER.
Oh!
Toccos.
What are we gonna do, I say Toccos.
We are all being screwed, I say, live there.
Why is this happening to us?
We want the FCC to get our fun Toccos.
There's no place for us now, even teachers.
Are all down in the mouth, you can listen.
But now you will find any words that will carve your mind.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
No fun to be sent or by the FCC.
No fun to be spent for by the F.C. King.
There'll be nothing left or else to enjoy.
We'll soon be playing with children before.
I feel fun to be spent for by the F.C. King.
No, no fun to be spent for by the F.C. King.
They want us to be clean.
They think they know what we should feel.
They try to dictate to us what is real.
Young and old, please listen to us.
I think, young and old, please don't put up a bus,
help a petition.
The F.C. King, but you must help us with one thing you'll rather.
Can't do it all by himself, let's all help him.
Don't put it up from the shelf, let the F.C. King.
No, just how you feel, and maybe we'll get this under as far as we can.
You can feel as deep as what are you doing to us?
As deep as what are you doing to us?
Our ratings will fly in fact they might die because of the F.C. King.
You want to band what we can do as deep as you then what you can say.
You've even tried to band the record.
You want us to be clean.
You want us to be clean.
I said people, let's stand and fight for what's true,
send your letter into so far so we can tell the F.C.C.
what the end of all day are, your father.
And so far are on your side, people.
We have nothing too hard, young and old.
Get your opinions out and maybe the F.C.C. will stay out.
Oh, F.C.C.
In the fall and now, F.C.C.
In the evening now, no one knows what words drive them in vain.
We are the F.C.C. to live.
F.C.C.
Go away.
F.C.C.
Get off our backs.
F.C.C.
Let us live our lives.
We live.
F.C.C.
F.C.C.
Go away.
Go away.
Okay, that just sends me outside.
Just for a little bit of humor there, okay?
That was 86 at W.I.N.C.
There she was.
I forget what her name was, but boy, she probably tried hoping we forget too.
Now, what does this say?
Can I explain the Monday Night schedule?
What does that mean?
Monday Night schedule.
This coming Monday night.
Oh, look at that.
Clarence, no matter what he's out sick today, he's under the weather.
Monday night, March 29th, he won't want to miss this.
Panther preview at 7.30, the Carolina Hurricanes at the Carolina Panthers.
So it's going to be, no, it's going to be hockey and football mixed together.
I mean, you know, hockey season is almost over anyway.
And Carolina, you're going to make it, they're going to be football and hockey.
Right.
I'll be there for that.
Great.
You're going to be football on ice is what it's going to be.
By the way, I think Scott's okay.
I'm, because Eric just sent me a copy of the email he sent him only 20 minutes ago.
And the guy's obviously, because I got a really great article that he linked
where it says read the latest news.
Okay.
Senate targets TV violence, which I hadn't even seen this.
Which I'll get to in a minute, but it's more, more of the same crap.
There's just no ending to it.
Frank and Meliburin says, I miss the F word bit.
Let's see, yeah, you won't hear that anymore.
So that's when you ought to put on there the F word.
Yeah, F can be a yada yada.
Can you still belch or sneeze?
We can belch the sneezing I'm not sure of or cop up a big one.
Grim days ahead says Frank and you are absolutely correct.
But the good news is Dick Clark's story is gaining traction.
And maybe soon we'll hear a national talking head pose the question,
could W of stop 9, 11, who wasn't fixated on Sodom,
then it's only a small step to the accusation that his administration could have in his
culpable for 9, 11.
And you know what, Frank and Meliburin, you are absolutely correct.
My job, Frank, now Bill Sagar, daddy and Bokers says if Bill Sagar is forbidden,
which it most definitely is, can you even begin to imagine that?
I don't think you're allowed to imagine it.
No.
Then that's his choice.
But also we'll put this one on there too since it's one of my choices.
Anybody is right.
We were talking about that before the show the other day.
I love that.
Now that's not what it's called.
It's called Little Bitty.
Where is it?
Oh, and we can put it with a little Bitty Diddy is what it's called.
Little Bitty Diddy Diddy Diddy or Diddy, for the team.
I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad.
I got my smile from home with my chest and from my chest.
I've got a body like a drive and range mat.
Now I'm thinking to myself, real quick with a finger here.
I'm like, I did the other day with the money Python thing.
Although it's got a bleeping already but I didn't take no chances.
Maybe we can do this.
Should we give it a try?
Go for it.
You can always dump it if I fail.
When it's cold outside, use my nicks to hit.
Like I said.
We didn't get too far.
I did one.
Little Bitty Diddy, I guess put that one.
I know.
That's enough.
It says, I'll definitely miss the MoU.
Cold Drop.
Yeah, we'll miss that a lot because he says it with such great emphasis.
You know, with such tremendous enthusiasm.
Yeah, with a lot of oomph.
When Mo says, yeah.
Oh, we do better than that.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
This is insanity.
And my lawyer is emailing me about stuff that happened 85 years ago.
Man, get a life norm.
Okay.
What is your problem?
I have no life.
Oh, we know that.
Good.
Oh, Jocelyn Elders.
That's a very good one.
Somebody faxes in.
Sure.
See.
Run.
You got a bag case of the Croscrickets.
I love that.
That's one of my favorites.
What do you hear that, no, Mo?
No, does that mean we can't even read that children's book or the title of it?
What children's book is that?
The line, the first line in the faxes, the name of a children's book.
I see.
Well, the answer is no.
Now, Joe, if this, you send me any more faxes from this Joe who just can't figure out how to hear the station online.
I can't be bothered about all your technical problems, Joe.
Get a life.
That's my comment to you.
Get with it.
Now, here's this article that's Scott on the stopfcc.com petition thing.
It was, there was a link to it where it says read the latest news.
Senate targets TV violence, panel-approved measure encompassing cable and satellite.
Were you aware of this?
No.
Nor was I.
Dragging cable TV into the wildly escalating fear over programming content, I think fear is a good word to use.
As in, let's go step.
The Senate Commerce Committee approved legislation last week to regulate violent content on television,
whether it originates on broadcast, pay cable, or satellite TV.
Pay cable or satellite TV.
This is unbelievable, if you have these.
The measure sponsored by Senator Ernest Hollings, Redneck Democrat of South Carolina.
See, I told you this isn't a Republican against Democrat thing.
It's a neanderthal against living and breathing of people with balls thing.
And unfortunately, in the Congress, there aren't too many living and breathing people, much less with balls.
The amendment was included as, it was the measure rather, was included as an amendment on legislation to crack down on off-color broadcasts
by raising the maximum cap on fines for indecency violations to a half a million dollars.
And what can I keep telling you why not make it 10 trillion?
Until last week, the legislation approved in the committee by a 232 margin applied only to programming a broadcast radio and TV.
But in a surprise twist, even Chubby Checker was shocked, approved in the Hollings amendment leveled the playing field among broadcasters, cable and satellite TV, at least for TV violence.
If the legislation is ultimately enacted into law, it will represent the first time the federal government has directly regulated cable and satellite TV's programming content.
And you know what happens after they do that, don't you?
No, why?
Then they say, no sexual content. Then we get all the same stuff that we're getting on the broadcast, same stuff.
This is called opening the door.
Cable TV industry lobbyists, invite to file the initiative, focusing their energies on getting the provision axed when the House and Senate leaders are expected to meet the conference to work out the differences between the House and Senate in decency bills.
As we know, in the cable industry's favor is that the House version of a decency legislation approved 391 to 22 last week, did not include a violence prohibition because as we know in America, violence is good, sex is bad, and bad words, of course.
House leaders, including Representative Fred Upton, Republican and Michigan, have made it clear that they would prefer that legislation target a target broadcast in decency alone at this point.
It's my hope that will come to consensus and send a streamline bill to the President to be signed in law, said Representative Up Yours.
We oppose this amendment, said Brian Deet spoke to him for the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, we can't imagine why.
But Senator Hollings has returned from the Senate at the end of his term, has been promoting similar anti-violence initiative for years.
He's also expected to be assigned to the conference committee for the indecency bills, so some sources say it might be hard to not go out to violence provision, which means if you have cable or satellite, will you be able to see Terminator?
No.
Rocky?
No.
Anything would like a little, no.
Richard Simmons, type that guy in a face?
No.
Monkey C.
Monkey Dude, children will mimic what they see on TV, said the Umsha Senator Hollings.
I just couldn't stand by and do nothing.
That's exactly what he said.
I just couldn't stand by and do nothing, said the redneck Senator from South Carolina.
Assuming the legislation is enacted, the violence provision, which is supposed to target only excessive or gratuitous violence, is not automatically enacted.
It is only supposed to go to effective if an FCC study confirms that V-Chip technology and voluntary industry programming ratings that allow parents to block objectionable programming on TV are not already effectively protecting children, a case that Senator Hollings maintains has already been clearly and repeatedly made.
The prohibition is also supposed to be in place during hours when children are reasonably likely to comprise a substantial portion of the audience under the FCC's existing indecency regulations that period is defined as the hours between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m.
NCTAs Mr. Deet said the provision raised constitutional concerns as the US Supreme Court has found the subscription nature of cable service and the ability of cable customers to block unwanted programming through the use of tools offered by local cable systems.
The system strongly differentiates cable from broadcasting, which is distributed free and unfiltered over the air, Mr. Deet said.
As announced two weeks ago in legislative members of Congress, the FCC chairman, the anxious Michael Powell, the cable industry has committed to further increase its efforts to educate customers about using the tools available to them to block programming they find unsuitable for their families.
From a first amendment standpoint, we continue to believe that there are less intrusive means to accomplish the objectives sought by this amendment.
Senator Hollings also introduced an amendment that would have required cable operators to offer their programming all our cart allowing consumers to buy and pay for only the programming they want.
Proponents argue the provision is needed to allow consumers to determine what cable programming they allowed at their homes.
Senator Hollings with you the measure after became clear he didn't have the votes.
Another pro-Cable, Senator John Brode, Democrat of Louisiana, offered an amendment that would have subjected basic cable and satellite TV program for the first time to the same indecency rules and petalies that broadcasts his face.
It was defeated by one vote 12 to 11 so far, but just wait.
In addition, Senate Commerce Committee chairman John McCain released a test of legislation that would force cable operators to offer their programming all our cart a measure for which the Senator said to be planning hearings.
Jean Kimmelman, Consumers Union Senior Director, Public Policy and Advocacy, said watchdog groups will be lobbying the Senate to include amendments to the indecency bill on the Senate floor that would require all our cart and extend the broadcast in decency regulations to cable and satellite.
More fun to come, Mr. Kimmelman said.
How do you like that? That would extend the broadcast in decency regulations to cable and satellite.
Oh my God.
Holy crap.
We are supporting you five six years.
You A.M.
Okay, now go panic.
Just come down.
Hey guys, you want a cheer-up? Have Britney sit on you.
Make that old acting clear off when Britney sits on you.
Lap, la.
Look at it about your wife's girlfriend now on the ill and sick grades.
Better shave off that beard and stash their eggs pick up the pace.
You're really gonna love it when Britney sits on your chair.
Imagine the view of a man when Britney sits on your couch.
And over it looks like a proud when Britney starts sitting down.
Britney sits on your...
Shave lounge.
Yeah, Britney sits on your folding lawn chair.
Imagine Britney's fear is leaving her clothes all over your floor.
Knowing it just a minute or two you're gonna score.
Oh!
Wipe off that dizzy beast too before Britney sits on your...
Bicycle built for two.
Careful not to bite on two when Britney sits on your shoulders at the beach.
Stop dreaming and clean up your place.
Because she wants a brand new friend.
In your dreams.
Okay.
That was magnificent.
I feel like I just ran a four minute mile or something like that.
It was an exercise I needed an app.
Woo!
Man, that was something.
So I guess we're gonna...
No, seriously, you know, if we had the manpower with our gigantic staff.
Oh yeah, well all the assistants we get from QIM.
Like Greg is busy.
I did them with Barry Jackass over there at the...
Oh, I can't say that.
Wow, over there at the Harold.
If we had a little assistance we could go through these and make them even more humorous
than they were in the first place by just taking the words out, you know.
That was a great experience.
It was very rewarding to me.
Anyway, with all the censorship which of Neil's comedy bits or songs would you miss the most?
Sofa King 84.
The I-95 bullsong 50.
Fartsounds 45.
Dickens Cider 20.
Bullsong Parade 17.
Trouser Trout 11.
Bill Cigars 6.
Cowboy Dick's Ice Game 4.
Gay Square Danes 4.
The F-ward 3.
Jocelyn Elders 3.
Woody Zimempis 3.
It's 16.
It's 43.
He's got 2.
Abortion Shuffle 1.
And none yet for Little Bitty really which I am out of 257 vote sets.
That is it, you know and I can't believe that!
Nobody likes that?
I must be the only one.
I love that.
Right, Lisa.
I'll speak to Bobby Brown.
Let's speak to Bobby Brown
even though that's not really Arr-bid but it says songs.
How about Bobby Brown, Frank Zappa?
OK, put that on here.
What do you think?
We'll do it!
We're putting it on there right now.
I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kinda sad.
I got my smile from home but my chest came from my grass.
I've got a party like a driving rain mat
when it's cold outside use my...
...your hat.
I can blow in your ear and give you a lap dance
but you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and finding tissues.
Guys, I am cute, the same pretty. I'm the one who needs your pity.
I've got a nice ass and girl like a kiss date but I can't get them in
because I got no...
...or laughing.
I know it's a...
...yeah.
Underbroad is something I can't afford.
When you lay on me you'll swear you're on a diving board.
When I turned 11 I started to get cute.
Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boobs.
Guys, I am cute, the same pretty.
I'm the one who needs your pity.
I've got a nice ass and girl like a kiss date but I can't get them in
because I've got no...
...water pipe.
I know what I need.
I've got no...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...absolutely.
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...oh...
...holy moly man, I haven't worked this hard in a hundred years.
Well, better at it.
I get really good at it.
My fingers are so fast it might be of scene.
Man, then...
...Neil's finger might be on the list next.
It's in decent.
I know about that.
That's what you think.
Let's say here's one that says from Mark.
It says a few Donald Duck.
What is that thing called?
It's called Donald Duck feels good.
Donald Duck feels good.
Well, not anymore.
He doesn't...
Well, he can't hear that.
Freeway and spigot.
Won't hear that?
No, Mark.
Young Neil.
I don't understand why we wouldn't have young Neil.
I think you say something in there.
No, I say do do head.
You can say do do head.
Oh, holy man, yeah.
I think I can't think of any now.
Trouser crowd is on there.
Well, that's your buddy PR Ralph.
Thanks PR Ralph.
Wow.
Hooray!
And what's all this propaganda?
Now, you sent this along.
How many times are you going to send me to schedule here?
This is the updated one.
Oh, I see the one that doesn't say the Caroline Hurricanes at the Caroline of Panthers.
Because that was too embarrassing, even for Clarence and Moth.
So now it says the Caroline Hurricanes at the Florida Panthers.
And let me say it again, Gildi.
In case anybody missed in the beginning of the show, you are a disgrace.
You're a total butt lick man.
You're a tragic.
Can I say that?
No.
You're a total f*** lick.
Talk about a suck up man.
I've never heard so much suction in my life.
That was tragic.
And it was a very successful season.
Now, you know what we like to make them playoffs.
We all want to make them playoffs.
It means more money for me.
But, uh, oh, come on.
Fourteen points behind the islanders.
They were mathematically eliminated more a couple of days ago.
And give me a song and a dance about how they really were in contention.
Were they ever really seriously in contention?
No.
Were they ever really just a couple of points out of a playoff spot?
No.
And yeah, they got a lot of good young residing players.
There are several problems with the organization number one.
Nobody knows who the players are.
90% of them.
Number two, they don't have any offense.
Number three, they have no defense.
And if they didn't have a vertical long make in 40-50 saves every night,
they'd lose almost every game.
So what are you talking about, Gildi?
Your season ticket base.
You can't, oh, and guess what?
I accomplished something, I think.
Remember I talked about the Lexus parking zone?
Right.
Well, guess what?
They moved it in it.
They gave back to the general public who pay extra for their parking spots for the preferred parking.
They gave them back those spaces which they should have in the first place.
After I bitched out of them about that.
And the Lexus parking spots are back down the highway there a bit, a ways.
So it's about time somebody started outing them for the incredibly grotesque and fan-unfriendly things they do.
Seriously, I, in my life, I've never seen a town where there are more fan-unfriendly things done to the public.
Like the dolphins, I mean, they're places like the mafia run outfit.
You give them a dirty look, and they blow your brains out.
Like they're going to stop, oh, so it fits right in, I guess.
And the same with the Panther Organization, whether it was under Wayne or Alan Cohen,
they're making a difference with the owner, they still just don't know how to treat the public right.
You go in your early, you sit down, the noise is blasting.
You feel like Rush Limbaugh.
You feel like Poppin' a couple, because you can't hear anything no more.
Can't believe, listener Jim says no one's mentioned best but ever, Casey's death dedication.
Right.
Now, what is it in there that we can't play? Is he sure?
A lot of bleeps.
Casey Kissum, and I got a lot of bleeps.
A lot of really good ones, you know.
Thank Casey Kissum, come on to your life, I'm Hollywood with a-
Casey Kissum, that's what that's called.
Right, KIS, SEM.
It says, am I both for a time man of the year, Richard Clark, a real American hero,
an ice-cold, I agree.
There's a guy.
Wait a minute, let's see what?
Casey Kissum and Casey Kerson, which are two different ones.
Oh no, no, no, I think we can still play Casey Kissum, that's what he's-
What he's talking about, oh no, no, you're right, Kisum we can play.
The death dedication is-
Casey Kerson, cursing.
So it's called, Casey Kisum cursing is the one we can't play.
Right.
But Casey Kissum, we can play, I do believe, in fact, I think we will.
Just an honor of Bob and Tom and a little bit of the old days, back in the day, when we had freedom of speech.
The end of my end, oh, this is for 20th-
QAM.
Holy macken on, this is Joe Bohr and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal, God!
No hotter chains to me.
They're Sunday on TV.
The Randy Schotties, they'll mend the carry.
And their funny sense of giving still fell free.
No better program I will ever see.
Well, man, sex and the city.
No.
Five, five, sex and the city.
All right.
So long to miss you, baby.
Man, show the missing page.
I didn't like it from the very start.
But now I hope that he was carry's heart.
The rich and the cost-mills like an old K-Mart.
Well, man, sex and the city.
Five, five, sex and the city.
Somebody's showers might be a little bit cleaner than this one.
Most of the spend will do.
Maybe the none of them could ever grab me like these girls do.
Yeah, it's true, boy.
So thank you, H.B.O.
Oh, for giving us this show.
I still wish we didn't have to go.
Five, five, sex and the city.
So long to miss you, baby.
Bye, bye, bye.
Well, man, sex and the city.
Love it, 33, $27.05, $60, WQM ad dog, $2, the hopper with the NASDAQ 100,
10 is open at $4, $6.50, inside the batter's box.
Which evidently is the really nifty name we got for the Hurricanes baseball pregame show.
Penn State at Miami at Mark Light Stadium at $7.
Who is it?
Eddie K. after the baseball game.
And after that, believe me, you don't want to know.
Well, that's good news about your castellan might come back.
And it's especially good news to come back without Mark Heisenberg, maybe.
Nothing personal.
Mark's a good guy, but he has a voice for outside the radio.
You know what I mean?
Oh, I'm sorry, I was watching TV.
Yeah, but.
Oh, anyway, yes.
And speaking of that whole TV thing with the cable, for example,
if that went through in its full form, it's a, and they bring the indecency thing,
you know what movies you wouldn't be able to see any of them.
You're doing good.
They think in Hollywood.
Right.
I mean, they probably have to use all the DVDs from Blockbuster.
All the ones that already are edited down.
I don't even think you can say, I don't care how many day go,
getting you what, baseball, gun vise, come out of the woodware.
Nothing you can say that either.
So this business of censorship, man, of a bunch of self-appointed,
aggrandized lunatics, where just, uh, this is, this is so great an election year.
All the problems of society, all the ills, all the things that are gone were
wrong.
It's all radio and television's fall.
And even though the same TV programs exactly are on here in Canada and all over
Western Europe, just about all over the world.
And those people aren't like killing each other at some record rate.
We just had our 15th homicide of the year here in Toronto, and they're all bent out of
shape about it.
That's, at the end of March, almost, that's, uh, in three months.
So multiple times that time is four, and you got about 60 or maybe a little more,
which is what they had last year.
Are you going 60 or maybe a little more?
I mean, 15 in the first three months, you can do that in one good weekend in South
Florida.
Y'all are bikers.
Right.
And how is that possible?
How come the kids here are blowing each other's brains out?
How come all the people here want to get pissed off about something that's just to pull out a
piece and blow you away?
Now, back in the day, I might have a line about that, but I'm certainly not going to use it now.
You can use your own imagination, but anyway, let's see.
O'Connor, Lisa, absolutely.
It says no question.
It's Goldie's school.
What a surprise last night, a pleasant one for us leaf fans of Miracle A3, nothing shut out.
Over there, we can't win at home Boston, Bruins, right there in the, uh, Fleet Animal Center.
See, I can still say that.
Fleet, alright.
At least as of today, Monday will probably get a memo.
Well, don't be talking about animals because those go in your, you know, in fact, now what about,
speaking of animals, can we play this?
Billy, time for your animal.
One cheese.
What do you think?
I think so.
I think it's good.
Mom, not another animal.
Kids just hate getting animals, and mom's a giving them.
But now there's a brand new animal that kids just love.
Introducing you, M&M's.
The candy coated chocolate animal that makes getting cleaned out fun.
Hey, mom, can I have another animal?
I don't know, Billy, that makes your third animal today.
Please, well, okay.
Cool.
And this time, I want a green one.
Oh, sorry, son.
I took all the green ones.
Oh, dad, my two boys.
I'm not too sure about this.
You am an animal.
Mails in your butt.
Not in your head.
So you see what I mean?
What?
I have to do with excretory activity.
I mean, even though it's a, it's a reach, you know, I'll speak.
It has to do with a medical procedure.
I see.
Oh, there you go.
Very good.
That's an excellent, uh, kappa.
I mean, that's an excellent rationalist assessment.
Right.
Wow.
Every single thing we do, everything we play, everything we say now has to be so pure and clean.
And we could just dispense with all of this and just go about our business.
And I consider him read a lot of boring stuff and be very stentory and talk like this and talk out of the audience.
But I don't think we'd have anybody listening at that point.
Number two, I don't want to do that.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
So far, did you put kind of lease on there?
Good.
She made, you know, all the people who make me really furious.
Yeah.
If you take Bush out of the equation, which I mean, he that goes without saying.
Besides, uh, Soledad O'Brien, I'm seeing that who I think is the worst bubblehead who's ever been put on there to do news anywhere on Fox.
I know seriously.
I'm not sure if she should be there should be something put the Constitution since we're doing all these amendments anyway.
That would prohibit Soledad O'Brien from doing anything on TV, except just, uh, tittering.
Like that.
Go on.
I don't think I can say that.
What?
I said, no, no, she's a bubble hit.
She's an idiot.
She's not especially attractive number one.
Number two, she's a silly person.
And what did you say this morning?
Something about Angela Ray.
Yeah, but I was talking about Robin Quivers.
Oh, Robin Quivers.
What are you going to say?
Angela Ray with a slightly darker complexion, I guess.
More fat.
Oh, man.
But the Soledad O'Brien, she should be, I mean, Pat O'Brien, he was fat, but he was a good actor.
Right?
Edmond O'Brien was a great actor, character actor.
Mm-hmm.
She's a bad old, what other O'Brien's?
Conan O'Brien.
Well, he was here a few weeks ago and I made a big stink about that, but he brought a lot
of money to the city.
Got all the French Canadians pissed off, but of course they were excited about that.
We like it when they piss off the frogs, like that dummy Denise Poppan, what a moron at it.
But at any rate, Condoleezer just frosted my ass.
She is, seriously, did you see that keep showing it again, that footage when she was talking
to be purged two nights ago, storming out of the White House to have her briefing.
She had that look like she just wanted to kick some serious ass, man.
Just a mean spirited nasty, hateful, highly overrated bitch, Dr. Wright.
I just wanted to talk bad about me.
Oh, man.
She makes me sick.
So let's get Condoleezer there, it'll get a lot of votes.
We still can play the water down one.
As a matter of fact, I got a great idea.
Listen.
This is a good idea.
You know how they have different pot, like with things you put plants in?
Yes, indeed.
But you know what I'm talking about.
How about a radio plant, a planter, where your water, the plant is on the top of your radio,
and your water, water down radio, I like it.
You know, you put a little few grannies near or daffodils or whatever, lilacs.
But not lilacs.
The radio pot.
Sofa King, with all the censorship, which in the Eels comedy, but your songs really are Mr. Most,
the Sofa King 96.
I-95, bullsong 58.
Fartsong 55.
Dickens Cider 27.
Bullsong Parade 18.
Trouser Trout 14.
Bill Cigars 12.
The F-word 10.
Jocelyn Elder 7.
Cowboy Dix Ice Cream 6.
Donald Duck feels good 5.
Gay Squared Dance 4.
What is an F-3?
It's 16-3.
Little Bitty Diddy's got 3.
That's going.
What?
Kind of Lisa, we just put it on her, it's already got 3.
That's going to zoom up there.
You'll see.
Bobby Brown 1.
The abortion shuffle won a none-deaf for Casey K. Sincursing, but screw him.
20 B-4 11 at 5.60 Q-A-M.
Bobby!
And local!
Here's sports radio 5.60 Q-A-M.
It's day!
If I ever tell.
Thank you.
M-5-6-0 W-Q-A-M.
Casey Kism come into your life from Hollywood with another edition of America's Bottom
40.
Come to you by the Oxy-5 Company's newest acne medication, Oxy-Won-5, for pimple-free teenagers.
It's so cold.
There's got to be a little quicker on a tape, boy.
It's a good joke.
We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting them down.
Record stories are excellent.
For some unknown reason you're buying them and I'm using them as coasters.
First, let's review the top 3 songs on the charts.
And number 3, Guns and Roses is singing Sweet Child of Mine.
Well, if I had a child around the house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitar
slash and his chords.
Stay the hell away.
And number 2, you or who is this?
They're eating a living in a perfect world.
And especially not for you, you reasons you don't speak proper English.
And number 1, George Michael thinks he's got a monkey on his back.
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there.
But then again you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
By one, and lose that silly ass earring.
Other songs on the charts, the band Johnny hates jazz,
which I want to be a hero is moving down on the charts and deserving myself.
Apparently Johnny also hates music.
I don't like hero statuses, and I'm going to Johnny so get a real job.
And there is a song I like, Rod Stewart's newest release for Ever Young.
And for a moment I thought it was a song about me forever hung.
And now it's time for a long distance dedication.
It comes first from a listener in Pasadena, California, right here at Casey.
I'm 16 years old, president of my class, I'm 6'2", I've born here, way 175 pounds,
and started quarter back to my high school day.
The Casey I have a problem.
The girls simply will not leave me alone.
It seems as though I've already won before, as my good looks, my excellent physique.
Why can't they just like me as a friend?
Creep me as a person instead of some sex object.
And quit hitting a bombie all the time.
Casey, do you have any suggestions?
Sign Todd.
Well, here's my answer.
Dear Flaming Heart.
How do you like that?
We got all the way through that flying bomb and time.
But without one, f***ing not even close, we have to reach for it.
I was shocking.
Refreshing.
I hear some facts.
Is it?
I got some good ones on here.
It says, a foul mouthed offens.
Don't even count that because we haven't been able to play that for years.
One time ago, right?
Right.
And f***ing between her thighs.
You can forget about that.
That's one of my favorite, by the way.
He likes f***ing between her thighs.
Says, just wondering.
Forget about that.
That's from Uncle Mel and Pond.
Say goodbye to those.
Let's see.
Pond of prisonvets.
No, we can't play prisonvets no more.
And yellow light.
No, bokeh brides.
Gonna have to redo that one.
Mark that down on your list for a bokeh brine.
I'll save the rich guy.
We can remedy some of these deals with the ones that are like homemade.
Like, for example, we got him.
We had to redo that.
Right.
What was it that he said in there?
Yeah, you can say that.
Oh, that's right.
It was about the chainy thing.
Oh, it's a f***ing f***ing.
Yeah.
Something, mufflikes.
So anyway, yellow light.
And we'll redo that.
Can't play those either prisonvets.
Get that on there right away.
Okay.
That'll get a lot of votes.
That's gonna...
And that's another bobbin' thombid.
But can't play that no more.
No, no chance.
No way, Jose.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have the little fear list, I think.
Okay.
I hope I can say the butt-beatsome.
The what?
The butt-beatsome.
Oh, butt-beats.
You can't play that.
Oh, I know.
What does that mean?
I'll miss it.
And me too.
That's right.
Okay.
Okay.
Just nipped that in the butt-but.
Wow.
Now, come on.
I want to do it.
Now, well, that's as much of it as you ever got to hear.
Let's put that way.
A little something for, you know, old times sake.
Well, if you're gonna have a big list here, I know we would.
We can do a sever-like I said, well, do this once a week, Jose.
Okay.
And then, like at the end of a couple of months, we'll take the top five
from each week.
And then we'll like, you have a runoff.
That'll kill a good day.
I'm not seeing any response yet from on my email, which is really
distressing.
Oh, it's been just a little over an hour.
Eric getting in touch with the Scott.
I know Scott, the guy before has got a good point.
He's probably got 80 million emails.
Everybody's got ideas.
He's got a lot of, you know, bigger fish to fry than us.
But it would seem to me that when somebody is offering to raise
thousands of dollars to promote this thing and really kick start
this thing and get an action nationwide, then probably
it would be something I would pay attention to.
So come on, Scott, get with it.
Somebody tap on the shoulder and say, get with it, son.
And I also don't see any email on there from the Unchist Norma
Kent, who for some strange reason, he's probably still sleeping,
you know.
He's a man of leisure now that he got his $25 million for some
at Fag newspaper.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Can I say that?
Hey, um...
Today you can say Monday, maybe not.
Right.
What about the fat Rosie?
Can you still play that?
The what?
Fat Rosie, a Donald tune you guys do.
Well, let's listen to it and we'll see.
We'll listen together.
How's that?
All right.
Thanks, Pally.
You have a good one, bye.
You too.
Fat Rosie, is that what it's called?
Fat Rosie?
Fat Ass Rosie.
Oh, fat ass Rosie.
Well, we can still say ass a lot today.
What I mean once in a while.
Now Monday, maybe they might ask us not to say it.
Here we go.
We can't play those ant-cultures.
Oh, wait a minute.
How come we don't have those on there?
Now what's that one called with the apostromy?
What's that one?
Ancotr...
Ancotr is rancid.
Oh yeah, ancotr is rancid.
Can't say that rhymes with the patch.
And what's...
There's another ancotr one that we also can't play.
It's just called ancotr...
Ancotr.
Ancotr.
So get those two on ancotr.
Let's get them about 9.
Oh, here's the good one.
Greg and Laudahill says playing bagpipes.
Is that okay?
Oh, sure, Greg.
You're a little bit more than a little bit.
You're a little bit more than a little bit.
You're a little bit more than a little bit.
You're a little bit more than a little bit.
You're a little bit more than a little bit.
You're a little bit more than a little bit.
You're a little bit more than a little bit.
You're a little bit more than a little bit.
Oh, here's the good one.
Oh, here's the good one.
Oh, here's the good one.
Oh, here's the good one.
Oh, here's the good one.
Oh, here's the good one.
Oh, here's the good one.
Oh, here's the good one.
Sure, here's the good one.
Yeah, that's awesome.
All right, Here's the good one.
navigate, navigate, navigate.
You got to ever hear that one again and they all say the same thing. No none and much less than none. Can we even say chanter?
I don't think so. You can say canter is an idiot. Ida canter because that's old time old farts can't play farting sounds, but we can say old farts.
Oh, this is so pathetic. Maybe now after this show today, maybe the show is going to serve a purpose as a flipper would say.
And that is that it'll finally convince these people out there that doubting Thomas's and Sally's and James that we're not funnning with this.
This is no fun at all. And that you ain't seen nothing yet. They don't get it. And the main reason for that being that the mainstream media they're like a voice, especially the TV talking head networks.
They're avoiding this. I mean, you know, once it about to see a picture of how it's on there for a second or some other, you know, 10 seconds of this. That's it. Then affect them because they're beyond this. You know, they're a holder than now.
The sofa king 102 the I'm 95 song has got 64.
Farts sound 62 Dickens cider 32 pulls on parade 20 conda Lisa please a 19.
Bill cigars 16 trouser trout 14 the F word the anxious forbidden F word 11.
John Sillin Edwards has gotten young Donald Duck feels good. Well, at least he used to anyway seven cowboy Dicks ice cream has got seven.
Gate square Dan's five. What is the Memphis three little bitty diddy. Rhymes with water midi three. It's 16 three prison bitches already got three. That's going to zoom up there. You'll see Casey case in cursing to abortion.
Shuffle one. No, it's not called backpipes called playing backpipes, which you know.
I might know what that is, but let's get the name right. It is playing backpipes yellow light and butt beads and anculture and between.
Fires and got in yet on 386 don't forget about ancultures rancid out there too. Okay, that's a good one.
You know what else we won't be able to play. I give up Fox News Heather. Oh, yeah. Wow. We'd really like to.
But that we won't. Although I don't know. Should we listen to the bleep centers or anything else on here? We are.
I don't know just the nature of it, but just the nature of a test to be a little bit on the course side. If you ask me of course.
My bike and look all this is for radio by six. Welcome.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
It's.
coming up in America and Scott it's a go hey Debra Good news that's good
by the way Susan
oh right I had a nickname day when they she flew away to Tio on a
where the book is the right wing censorship boy
our words that mustn't slip who do you tell you how I feel for
you
you
now if you see Kate tell her I've a service day and the FCC won't let me
sing this song I wrote today now if you see Kate take her hand gently say
that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days old with you see K
if you want to see you with Tio want to go but gotta see you with Tio want to
show
actually Susan want to know what about should you see K no we don't have to change
that and see the problem being you have to be fairly clever just a little bit
clever to understand the nuances and the difference between can you find
anything in that song it's actionable of course not no not even close in fact
I'll give you another one somebody asked me about this the other day well what do you think about this
was no right right not even close because it requires using once imagination to fill
in the blanks and you know so far they haven't said well we think we know what you
mean now when we get to that the thought police that's when you won't see me
no more you know me that's tomorrow I'll wait you cross the border
a 72 year old woman who described herself as a lifelong cat lick says a man
identifying himself as a mon senior from the diocese of St. Petersburg threat to
wax communicator after she was injured at a perished bingo game according
to a lawsuit filed this week in Penelope Pasco circuit court over in queer water
Katherine Robert who's lasted rest of the court of county records his Penelope park
oh poor baby was attending a bingo game June 11th of last year at Sacred Heart
Catholic Church in Penelope park when she was seriously injured as she left
the stall in the women's tea room the law states six weeks later the
lawsuit says Robert received a phone call from an individual who identified
himself as a mon senior from the chancery who then threatened her with
excommunication if she did not stop annoying them and then he was tired of the child-related
incidents but whatever that means the lawsuit gave no further details about the
call was referring to because of the one senior threat of excommunication
Robert was caused to receive severe emotional distress that has caused
angina attacks and a series of minor strokes with a serious concern for a major
stroke lawsuit said Joe DeVito general counsel for the diocese said yesterday
that Woodrow hasn't given him the name of the person who called Robert nor whether
the caller even has a name just father right yeah is not always good enough
to just father body to help a lot of the boy you know
the captain yeah they don't necessarily have a name just call him body yeah
haha oh I think I'm losing my mind is what I'm doing whatever little I had left
well it's been kind of that story cornerbrook Newfoundland a Roman Catholic diocese
in Newfoundland wants to settle with 36 men who suffered sexual abuse as all
her boys between 1961 and 1989 the Supreme Court of Canada reaffirmed lower court
rulings that the diocese of St. George's is liable for the sexual assault committed by
Reverend Kevin Bennett at least he had a name but the courts didn't have enough
information to rule on whether the greater Roman Catholic church could be held
liable I can say that first of all I'm pleased that a determination been made
because it allows us not to proceed to the next step Bishop Douglas Crosby told
CBC radio a the Bishop said his diocese isn't rich but they'll offer what they
can you know how many dollars and that's for the whole bunch of by the way split it
up have a good time go buy an ice cream cone don't forget George tomorrow join
him eleven and one at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings located on Northwest 36th
Street just west of 27th Avenue Miami they have no idea who he is they know
it's beginning lace but they'll have a good time seeing George over there he'll
give you a list of all the words that you better stop saying real fast you can
win some QM Chino Chinsy prize enjoy free food from our good friend Ira Adelaide
city something then right after that he'll be swinging on over to from two to
four leemiles transmission at one eighty three thirteen South Fixie highway
stop by the spin the wheel and enjoy some fantastic food from Hologins pub free
if you get there soon enough before they as they say in China hop it all up
you know what they say in China they did five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the I think what I'm going to need to do it's a little bit
not very manly thing to do but get like one of those little nail files yeah file
my finger down not not certainly not the one that Simon Cowell was using right on
American Idol your dumb out on my my index finger to a really sharp point so that I
can really get into this thing of like you know doing the quick and these bits I'm sure
that some people in the building probably a really nervous like when we started
playing that little bitty a ditty but hey we did we did the job we did eat it we
w.a.m. Hello speak to us while we still have the license hello not there w.a.m.
hello oh yes sir yes I am I was wondering if you can still play a
type of multiple balls what is it yeah right now
w.a.m. Hello hello hello Neil yes sir hi this is Scott I thank you for
everything you're doing about the FB two stuff this is Scott yes how's it going
Scott it's going great isn't it it's going wonderful and I couldn't be happy
with your effort I was going to give you call that a couple of other things too
okay one effort that we're going to have to worry about soon that's freedom right
that will be the one they're going to try to ban next because we can't say anything
else mm-hmm and I'm in closing I heard how
I'm trying I'm trying it's the funniest in lunch I'm just trying to eat is this
really Scott no who is it no no no not your Scott none I'm a collar Scott oh
collar Scott get out of here oh see Scott wouldn't be calling on that line anyway
calls on line nine the real Scott right also I'm ready called not really glad
but a little bit glad because I forgot the good news and it is that Scott he
returned Eric's email and he's all for it his website can handle the additional
traffic so where I said it's ago let's do it Eric let's do it don't you think
okay there's still a couple of other things that Eric wants to find out but
nevertheless starting next week we'll put this all whole thing together we're
getting to add there in USA today we'll raise enough money to get some you know
promotion and I I think he he has worded it so well what I'll do over the weekend
I'll like read I'll take and put it together but taken from what he's worded it
here worded it because he's done it so well you know fed up with government
deciding what you can watch reading listen to yada yada and and all we need to do is
just quote what he's saying there and then they can sign the petition right in the
ad or they can log on to stop FCC.com and then also I think it's a really good idea
to include their the first amendment which we has on his page there right just
to remind people what the first amendment says since most Americans haven't got no idea what it means
got all excited I thought that was like the real Scott it turns out to be
some of bonehead trying to be a minor league comedian WQM hello
yes yes sir pretty good you know I can tell you I cannot believe that any human
being on this earth can tell us that are you guys you can't say D bag or F bag
right what was how can they say that they did very easy you will watch their lips
move well read read the fine print well I got one more question for you can you
can you put all those bits like the condolenza stuff on your website because some of
the billion dollars in a bag and
it's all bills of course oh my god oh brother
oh
much better
oh
oh
okay now I see line line is ringing that could be the real scope of probably not
there's nobody on us so
is
not Tres.
do not Krebs.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
They probably have life that will lead you by the dawn
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh,
You gotta, they won't let this go, you gotta, waste those fucking words
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to do here
Can't get any government, oh own party, gotta do this
You believe what they say, like the God, like the Holy Spirit
I say you, I say, so stay a state so they call it true
I'll be a lecture ball, we gotta push it's gotta end with we gotta
Get some on your knees, we gotta, go
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
I can't tell you, I just wanna start goose steppin', you know what?
Yeah, 1218 and 560 WQM anyway, this very Jack-S column, I'm glad that somebody, well I guess somebody saw it on the paper
But the Harold website is just like the rest of the newspaper, it is pure unadulterated crap
I did a search on very Jack-S, couldn't find it today
A lot of thought, how come Barry don't have any article in the day? Maybe his name is non-ist thing
I don't know, I'm sure it is
And then I just scroll through where it says check all the sports stories for today, which is where I usually find Barry
Because they don't like to admit that he really works there
Okay, but I just wanted to read this again for anybody who missed it the first time because it is so shocking and amazing
It's astonishing, the QEM brain trust
WQM general mangler Greg Reed said the station is close to where it's standing gets doff and contract through 2006
Absolutely, the current deal runs through next season
Also Reed says he's considering former overnight host Joe Castello's bit for re-instatement
Reed Firecastello and Mark Eisenberg after station employee discovered internet pictures of them with naked women in WQM studio
All of these things
Eisenberg is not a plot for re-instatement Reed said
On another matter, Reed said he's still exploring whether the station has a realistic chance of acquiring Howard Stern's morning show
Which WQM believes is contractually tied to clear channels big 106 even though the station is no longer carrying it
Go for it, baby
Can you imagine Leed and we'd have?
Yeah, for the two or three days before they had to take this show off the A, that's all we need
Okay
I mean, the less said about that, hold you a little better
I mean, this man must be he makes ruckus look like a piker, you know what?
Can you imagine the pills that he's popping?
Remember that Broadway play pills of poppin?
No
Here's the fact it says from Jim who's really chronic
I don't suppose you can play Sodom who say there's a mother, um, any more? No, we can't
Well, I don't know how are the bleeps in that
They're good, which means bad
Oh, so we in playin' it no more? I don't think so
Why can't we do that though?
Right
But it says we can still play these slightly muzzle we got him
That's why I just play that just for you Jim
We can still play it especially where we have those uh, the drum beats the whole deal
I love it
The boots, the goose steps, the whole, the whole ball of wax
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line
With all the censorship which is Niels' comedy bits or songs or sounds or whatever
Would you miss the most?
The sofa king 110
I mean, we can play a little bit of that
Right?
It's very little
Listen to me, this is stand by and steam
Okay
Well, it's a little of it
The I-95 bull song 72
Part sound 71
Dickens citer 37
Kind of leases got
Bop 3rd man
Bill cigars 22
Bulls on parade 20
The F-word 16
Trowzer Trow 15
God forbid, Jocelyn Elders 12
Prison bitches up to 10 already
Donald Duck feels good 10
At least he used to playing bagpipes 10
Cowboy Dick's ice cream 8
Case squared ants 8
The 6
What is an F is 3
A little bitty ditty 3
Sure it's pretty
Casey Kesson cursing 3
It's 16s got 3
Uh, f*** between her thighs has got 2
Duff likes that one a lot
Can we play a little bit of that?
A little, go ahead
Yeah
She looks like a lady
Like a lady
Walk like a lady
I'm not so sure we can't play that, you know what?
Alright, well
I mean it's got that funny sound in it
Where the bleep is supposed to be?
Yeah, it's funny
I'll do it in the break, I don't want to have to like dump again
I mean
Well no, I don't know, I'm not too sure about that
I'll have to use my own bad judgment
Okay?
Cause that's one of most favorites
A Borscht and Shuffle 1
And Zrancid, uh, f***
1
We still have an, oh yeah
I see the encoder ones got 2
I'm just keeping around here
Yellow light and butt beads don't have any yet
479
Fox News head that's got 1
Big one
567-0560
Pound 560 on the 18th
Teen Verizon Marvellous line
It's such an unhappy day man
It's so sad
Like kissing a lot of our good friends goodbye
Bye bye
The nice, farewell good friends
Oh raspberry
WQA, hello
Deal
Yes sir
Love you man
I got one free poll
Okay
What about if you see
I just got through playing that man
I just got through playing it
If you see K and Natee Wander's no problem with that
Then we just get through playing it this hour
We just uh, playing it
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
Oh jeez
Exactly
Have a great day new
Okay see you in the sandbox pal
Alrighty
Did he say too loud through?
Yes, I know
Hey
Sit in that home watching
Dwight Lutter Dale
Talking about how Bumper stealing 95 guard rail
When sudden Lee
With a bulletin
To dish up onto the screen
Came his partner and
Bishop she said this just in
To eyewitness news
It's covered no more teen air
Then the two lives crew
Will have more dead tails
Coming up at 5.30
He pulled them from the stores
Cause they so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
They curse all the time
Oh they're so dirty
So so so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
They curse all the time
Bob had heard the album
And he was a fool he said
Thank you Janet Reno
I'm glad that you're called
We got to take a stand against this dirty
Rom
Besides it's really quote
To election time
His Broward Judge friend said
I will not fail ya
We'll censor any mention
I'm Janet
Tell ya
They're selling sex to kids
Going through to Bertie
The two live crew
Yeah they so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
They curse all the time
Oh they're so dirty
So so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
They curse all the time
He could crap a butt
To show he had guts
The most of the people said
This guy is a pus
He read Bud Land of that noise pollution
Even though it went against a constitution
And what did Luke do
Durant all of his job
So can thousand more copies
At 1295 he bought a brand new Mercedes
It's really
Perth T driving into the bank
Because he so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
They curse all the time
Oh they're so dirty
So so dirty
Oh they're so dirty
They curse all the time
What an embarrassment
What a joke
I'll set Humpert, don't forget the Hebrew hammer
It's for this afternoon from the
Max Deck 100, the tennis tournament
Right after the mad dog
That thing about
What's that website again with the contributions
Oh I forgot
I wrote it down somewhere
Oh don't say that
I got it on my list up here
What is it? It's one moment please
fundrace.org
fundfewendee
fundrace.org
And you can go on there
It's amazing you can just put in your own
zip code where you live and see
If any of your neighbors don't need any political candidates
And to whom they don't need it and how much
Really amazing thing
27 past the noon at 5.60 WQM
Spring of the savings right now
And save like never before on a great new car
Truck from our good friends at Armstrong's
Toyota of Homestead
Your fundum on US
One 20 minutes south of the 8.36
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead is worth a
Drive no matter where to head you live
Because they're going to save you so much money
Thousands and thousands literally
On great new Toyota's
Check out these great lease prices
And 04 camera your forwinter for just
269 a month for 48 months
How about an 04 high under just 309 a month
Need a truck? How about an 04 Toyota
Tundra the safest truck in America
Just 179 a month for 48 months
These are just some of the savings going on right now
At Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
And now with those toll increases for people
Using cash on the turnpike
Armstrong's will give your free sun pass when you buy your new
Car truck from them
General manager David Fat Rich in the staff will do whatever it takes
To put you in a great new Toyota today
Experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead
Difference locally owned and operated
The committed to make you in a happy camper 100
Their service department's open week nights late
To make sure that your service work done and done right too
Easy to get there there at US
One and two ninety-third street in Homestead
Just 20 simple easy darn minutes south of the 8.36
So do yourself a big favor quit wasting time at those mega dealers
Or car giants who always seem to over-promise and under-deliver
Call David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
Call 305-242-247
That's 305-242-247
Drive a lot and save a Schmidt load on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead
Find a local of these cities five cities
The radio's all yours
You in
They played down the hole
That power
What garbage
The kids that they don't know what's good
Like that song I'm happy I live in a sweet level head
You remember that
How can you listen I'm happy I live in the sweet level head
I'm happy I live in the sweet level head
You don't remember that
No?
Why am I surrounded by morons?
Don't you go and be howy
There's nothing to put an agent from you pal
No
You son of a fettel
Okay that's it
You're all fired
You're back stupid to move
Listen to me
You're fired
You'll need that ghost for you too
You know who I am?
I'm the king of paradise
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I came down here after losing my charm
To be a big fish
In a little pond
When they kicked me off the espion
They told me don't come back again
I had some problems with wise guys who advised I move to paradise
Oh, really?
That makes me a little Louis 9
I got one
You're all fired
And I hope that kids got one dies
I hope he dies
I think that was enough of that
I forgot about that
I beg your pardon?
We are dancing along singing a song
Did we all hit the button at the same time?
I'm still hitting it
Oh good, hit it again
Oh brother, I'm just sitting here you know
Sam and my toe
And wow
There's just something in every end
The other one I checked during the break
Between her thighs you won't hear that no more
Well the interesting sound they used in there is cute but there's a little problem
That is part of the word is in there and each
Your occasion just a little tiny part of the word is in that's good
Let's see, Peter Chronica old Bordop
Who's just desperately in need of a life
I have no life
Says does this mean the Jeb Bush you manage in Gildy Bits
Are cut
And of course the ones he's talking about since this is the only claim to fame
Yeah Bush
No because you didn't say or whoever put the bleeps into the great job was that George yes
Not me no that was a phone bleep
The caller who I dare not mention because
It's one of our chronics supposedly at least he takes credit for it
Pete
No not that one that one's supposed to be that Greg and the Sunrise or whatever
Oh no that's not uh who is it?
What's his name?
No no you're thinking about 14 years ago
Huh that guy from
No that was the Don Shula one you're getting off right
I'm confused
Now let's see do we dare give that a try
To see we can still play that
I think they were both good
Don Shula
Yeah it's not in there
Is it?
It's not a good to me
I mean if you use your imagination we know what he said
But see it's not a question
Well we said it now it's a question
What did the bleep was sufficient to make everything kosher
You do understand the whole world is becoming an orthodox now quarter the government of the FCC
Everything has to be kosher
But the ones that Pete the Chronic Board of Centre just fine you know what I mean
Oh we're fine
Exactly but if we play him too often we'll be
Find
5670560 pound 560 on the AT you know we were out of
Really have him uh your good close friend
And Nick from uh is the young and a horny
Dan Stewart
to it, recut it.
Over-find it.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I speak with Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
I have a couple of old ones for you.
Okay.
Uh, cat's out in the well.
Oh, yeah, right.
Is that one still all right?
No chance.
Oh, man.
And I'm glad you said, I'm glad you said, cat.
That was very good.
And the other one was, I don't know what you call it, but it was the, uh,
commercial for cheese.
Don't forget the cheese.
That's it.
Oh, yeah.
I don't think we can do that anymore.
Yeah.
Because it refers to a sexual act.
Oh.
Damn, but two of everyone's Thanksgiving.
Thanks.
And Sig Hyle.
Lussy, don't forget the cheese.
Uh, we can play part of it, I guess, huh?
I guess.
Just to refresh the audience, because we haven't played that in a live and played anyway in a long, long time.
The American cheesecats will remind you that everything tastes better with cheese.
I hate what?
And that's about as far as we need to go.
Uh, don't forget the cheese.
That's the name of that.
And then the other one that he just said was, uh, what?
In the well.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, in the well.
That's going to get a lot of votes.
And then people in the audience are going to, well, what, what, what do you mean?
It's like that.
That's how it starts.
And that's how it ends now.
Oh, brother.
So when I tried to tell you that, like, 60, 70, 80% of what we got in here is now long gone.
I was not exaggerating.
But normal Kent man, she's worried about baseball games.
How do Marlon's going to do this?
He's, what about the Dodgers?
Uh, they are real man and go to the baseball games.
Neil?
No, I won't.
Will not.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'd like to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
I'd like to say a few things to the American public out there.
Number one, the war on terror will never be won.
The war on drugs will never be won.
And the war on prostitution will never be won.
Yeah.
We have to get our head out of the sand.
We have to need a politician in there that uses some common sense.
Problems in America can be, can be solved.
But we have to start with mandatory sterilization.
Right, amen.
That's not your steal, my line.
That's your line.
I know I've been listening to you for a long time.
That's the human correction.
Yeah.
Mandatory sterilization.
Force sterilization, baby.
We have to.
Right.
Thank you, Neil.
And you're welcome.
I start working on it right now.
You know what we start with that?
Joja.
All right.
Well, you laugh at about.
What are you snickering about there, man?
That's the no laugh of matter.
Start in Joja.
Sure.
And then we work a Tennessee.
South Carolina, North Florida.
Mississippi.
Alabama.
Louisiana.
Texas, Oklahoma.
Idaho.
North Dakota.
South Dakota.
Montana.
Nebraska.
Utah.
And what I leave out.
That's a good start.
I think we got pretty much covered.
We'll take.
Force sterilization.
In fact, force sterilization in all the red states.
Right.
All right.
All the red states.
I mean, the red baiting the Joe McCarthy.
There's a great parallel here that I can smell.
The red scare.
Well, the red scare is back.
It's all that.
And I'm going to tell you something about that fun race.org.
I checked out just for fun.
I mean, Wayne Heising, a big surprise.
You know, I don't need a two grand of bush.
And there were a few surprise on it like Shula donated to Bobby Graham,
which I mean, it's public records.
So it's not a secret.
Well, man, when I saw all the Jewish names of people who donated George W. Bush.
And when I said,
I'm among many other things,
which I certainly can't see no more.
Are you speaking crazy or what?
Are you speaking crazy or what?
There was no farmer who lived on Iraq.
He sat in the middle just shaking his fist
that some boys who were down by the prick.
They're feeding the water.
They're hands on their marbles
and play things and at half past four.
They're cave-a-young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces
and white ploppy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children
so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling,
repucing litter from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow
down by the dark.
It looked like a man with a sizeable home in the country
with a big fence out front.
It be asked her, but lightly,
she'd show him her little betdog
who was subject to fits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands
with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy
so tasty made of butter, Scotch.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies
that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
I'm right.
Absolutely, there at the end.
In fact, there were ain't there, which is a new deal.
Right.
Not just a f***.
Or just can't even be there.
Like maybe you think it's there, but it's not there.
Just your imagination.
Look at this.
Wait till you see this.
You are going to, I swear, strap yourself in right now.
All right, let me get the tape.
And I'm not talking about what's on TV either.
Hi, tech.
Sandeah, I think you worked it in your ring.
Oh, there is your president in action, baby.
Wow, what a shock.
And let me say it again as I go through that list
and see these yeetlocks that are supporting this bozo, man.
What are you people thinking?
Of course they're the ones with the big bucks, you know.
They like those tax breaks for the rich.
I'm making pretty good bucks.
I'll guarantee you that.
And I'd be more happy to give those tax breaks back
if we get rid of this bozo.
Bye-bye, bozo.
All my paper are my tax machine, George.
No.
Let me play music.
Yeah.
Although because I was printing this thing out,
although I think of the Zit,
Michael Jackson to address the black caucus.
Okay.
When you hear this, it's going to be like,
I don't know whether to scream or cry.
Woo-hoo!
I mean, if this is what we've come to, man,
then there ain't no hope for America.
It was looking pretty bleak until I read this.
Washington.
This is from UPI.
Pop star Michael Jackson plans to visit Washington DC next week
to share his views on World Affairs
with members of the Congressional black caucus.
Oh, my God.
Jackson, who was recently invited on child molestation charges,
requested the meeting with a 38-member group to discuss his humanitarian efforts,
including his work to help Africa fight its AIDS epidemic,
the rule called newspaper reported yesterday.
Not just a little PR here, do you think?
Like that big party he had,
the big bash he threw at Neverland.
Did he get busted?
Remember that?
Yes, I do.
Representative William Lacey Clay,
Democratic Missouri, whom the paper identifies as a proponent of the visit,
says Jackson should be welcomed by the members of the Congressional black caucus.
It's good we show our support to Michael Jackson Clay said
he gives so much of himself monetarily and through his talent.
Jackson has reportedly backed CBC efforts for many years.
He's pleaded innocent to seven counts of committing looterless abuse acts
upon a child under 14 and two counts of ministering on a toxicitating agent
who's to a child.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, the Congressional black caucus,
this is the best you can do is Michael, Michael motorcycle?
Holy cow, that's pathetic.
Is that pathetic or what?
What a lollipop little boy.
See what I mean?
Peek-ow-cake.
56670560, pound 560 only AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's my message to all you people out there.
Live your lives, enjoy it while you can.
Because all the rest is a borscht mitt.
WNQA, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I got one for your poll.
Okay.
Do you have a caller back at Paul?
Yeah, I know.
We're used to, but not anymore.
We're even job-going.
WNQA, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Everybody thinks that Jonathan Jackson was the warm turning incident.
I think it was when Fox News header called you and said,
some folks don't like what you're doing.
The other thing is, you know when Vladimir Putin, you know, he started jailing people
and arresting people who were not the...
On ABC News right before the election, they had a story on Russian radio.
And they had the...
Everything's owned by Putin in his group except for one radio guy who was the first
to vote like Ted Kaczynski and the guy who his railies just blew up.
It's amazing.
There was that one...
He's the only guy that doesn't have...
Putin doesn't have control of it.
One station left.
And one guy that had him, they had an interview with him just sitting there.
Hey, well, that's one better than we got.
That's what I'm saying.
It's like the Neil Rodgersky of Russia or something.
But you got to hang in there, man.
You're the last hope here.
I'm hanging from a distance, by the way, you'll notice I'm hanging.
But Fox News Heather Sting is the one that really broke the camel's back, I think.
No, I don't think so.
But I'll take all the credit for it.
Have a great day, pal.
I do.
Oh, the power of Neil, you know?
It was good.
No.
Now this thing you just, the facts to me about animal services in Florida and this...
Well, why'd you send this to me?
What was the fourth item?
Whatever.
I don't understand this about the Jack Rabbits and the team vendor.
The rabbit team dropped up some rabbits in front of the students and, you know,
she went to the first store.
I this year, you're right, there's worth a story.
I don't believe this story, though.
Okay.
Well, I was at MSNBC.
It came out of facts.
It said it was on MSNBC.
It's got to be for real.
It was, she thought, an unpleasant, but realistic lesson to where agriculture students
had planted city high school in Florida.
I'm not going to use the name.
Sometimes animals are born without the strength to survive.
Sometimes, really, it's in their best interest to, as they see on the farm, put them down.
Probably not, however, using a shovel and doing it in front of the class,
especially not when the animals in question are day-old rabbits.
And it's got her name.
But I don't know. I'm a little dubious.
You think she knew what Captain Harris?
The ad teacher with a spotless personal record of...
Factor, man!
Years!
...is under review for having chopped up a pair of newborn sickly rabbits
where the shovel is their class looked on.
The rabbits had apparently been rejected by their mother.
Students say, Bender, first try to get the students to bury the bunnies alive.
I don't believe this, though.
This is...
But the kids refused.
Offering to bottle-feed the newborns, Bender and said, kill them.
One student promptly threw up.
Ryan Herald, a student, a witness to the bunny, killing said,
at first I cried, after that I was angry that she did it because she didn't have to do it in front of us.
This makes bubbled love sponge look like a good Samaritan.
Herald had commented, as far as that she made a bad decision,
the Hillsborough County Animal Services in Florida filed charges against this person,
which carries penalties totaling $620.00 but no jail time.
She has the choice either to pay the fine or appear in court on May 5th.
It's just...
It is so grotesque and so gruesome that it's probably true.
Oh, my goodness.
If anybody else has got that from any other website anywhere,
it says it here on MSNBC Monday night.
And of course, how many people watch MSNBC?
About 30,000!
That was in the...
Plant City High School in Tampa.
Woo!
And of course that fits right in, you know, the Tampa.
You know what we say?
Tampa.
Ooh, nice.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you can't play that other drop anymore.
Oh yeah, I can, but I have to do two things at once.
I can't do that.
With all the censorship, which anneals, comedy bits or songs or sounds or anything else,
when you miss the most,
Sofa King, 122.
Remember the old Sofa King?
Sure.
In fact, I remember the Sofa Queen.
122 said that one.
The I-95 cool song, 79.
Fartsound 78.
78 say those Fartsounds we liked it.
Not no more.
Maybe an occasional raspberry.
See, that was a raspberry.
Dickenside of 41.
Condoleezza, please of 41.
Go away, Condoleezza.
Don't go away, Magiskoway.
Please fill cigars 26.
Um, bulls on parade.
25.
Prison Bits 25.
The F-word 22.
No chance.
Playing bagpipes 21.
The old trouser trout 16.
Joshlyn Elders 13.
Donald Duck feels good 11.
Cowboy Dixieiscreme 8.
Gay Squared and 7.
Anne's Rancid 7.
Casey Kesson cursing 6.
And colder 4.
She's obscene.
What is Memphis 4?
It's 16.
3.
Between her thighs 3.
Little bitty ditty.
I sure thought that song was pretty.
It's got 3.
Barney takes a dumb 3.
Abortion Shuffle 2.
Bobby Brown.
He's going downtown too.
Oh yeah.
In the Wells God 1.
Fox News Heather 1.
And none yet for butt b.
Yellow light.
Or don't forget the cheese.
And whatever you do under the present circumstances don't cut it either.
You know that I think that's going to be next.
You notice how they start.
Everything starts with one area just like the indecency business.
Now they're really seriously going to try to put it on cable and satellite.
And it's the same thing with the fart sounds.
First it starts over the year.
Fart sounds not not permitted.
No say permission.
I'll key.
And then it's going to be in like in the supermarket.
And then like in your home.
Just like with the anti smoking nuts.
Same thing.
Oh he farted in the house.
How many times?
About third man.
Half a million a piece.
You always 15 billion dollars.
Whatever that comes out to.
W.A.M.
Hello.
And then like in your home.
Two a.m.
Yes sir.
Yeah.
I question.
What if you were able to show your bosses that your revenue will go down by switching to their
new format?
Our bosses.
No it's this guy don't get it.
It's going to do with our bosses.
It's the federal government sir.
Don't you understand their new format?
See this guy must have been reading too much of Tom Dick his column last Saturday.
Which again, thanks for the help Tom.
But you know, get it right next time please.
It's not a Q.A.M. decision.
It's a attorney decision based on the dictates if I can say that of the FCC of your federal government
in action.
And contrary to what that guy before was talking crap.
It was the Janet Jackson flat that just opened a little crack in that door and they ran
rather their way right in.
That was the opening they were waiting for.
So not only do we find Justin, Tinkerbell and Janet Jackson revolting and disgusting and
grotesque.
But thanks a lot for burdening the first amendment to the help of John.
Business sector of this country.
Yeah get out of here.
Get lost.
Take a hike.
Go back to a Crawford.
1256 at 560 WQ.
I owe my favorite Republican.
This is not drugs.
And it's time for the real skills they are plotting.
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers.
One to two.
One to two.
A long, long time ago it was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine.
And no one knew what was in store.
Just ended the Spanish American war.
So they ported like it was 1899.
There were events that made you shiver.
But there were times we did deliver.
A promise that was kept.
With that famous one small step.
I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent.
A century we will present.
This is how it went.
My, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manities we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
It all started when two guys were right.
When they put in their play, they did fly.
And the start of radio.
Signified had his mum to thank.
And quantum theory and max blank and the Titanic.
That story we all know.
Well World War I it soon began with shooting archduke Francis Ferdinand.
Millions died from the flu.
And plastic it was brand new.
And then Russia had each revolution.
Panama connected both of the oceans.
Manopolis we won't see again.
A hundred years have gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manities we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
How it had his bellative a tea name.
Mass produced a new model tea.
And Lumberland did neaparied.
Then some moldy bread gave.
Panicillin wall street and the great deep ration and women would vote like you and me.
And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in and World War II would soon begin.
Made your return from land.
The projectmen had them.
They're a voluptuous trial in Tennessee.
We caught a first look at TV.
Then the day that lives in infamy.
A hundred years have gone by.
Who were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manities we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
Franklin Winston they were soon be winning.
Starting with the day invasion.
But at what an appalling cost.
In Russia no one did the frost.
And Germany they finally lost.
Discovered the horrors of the Holocaust.
That man little boy and old a gay.
Changed the whole world on that very day.
Nino had just begun.
And China ruled by the city town.
The first player in baseball that was black.
Israel got their homeland back.
Massachusetts elected Jack.
A hundred years have gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manities we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
Separate for equal mates such a boss.
A grosser to tired when on the bus.
Holy oh cured with a vaccine.
In Russia it's got a big time with spot Nick.
Our troops into Korea quick discovered the double helix scheme.
Oh JFK left us way too soon.
But promised to get us all to the moon.
You reased first in space.
Yeah the pill we did it race.
And the French said we climbed into the night.
Cubus Missile gave us quite a fright.
The Southeast Asia is on new fight.
A hundred years have gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the years they did fly since it started something party.
And many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
Niels giant step was the big news.
Rovers way gave women right to choose.
Nixon resigns about what a gate.
Got the troops at a Vietnam.
Had hostages taken by Iran.
And a virus made us too scared to go dates.
A test to babies helped a lot.
Some guy named Bill started Microsoft.
Chernobyl explosion.
The Berlin wall gets broken.
The US is ours as good by.
Some students in China they did try.
Seven died in the Florida sky.
A hundred years have gone by.
And they were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started.
Some people did try.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
We were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started.
Some people did try.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
Because a hundred years have gone by.
Wow, I love that thing.
Plus it's long.
Yeah, like it because of that.
109 the bad news is you know that story about the rabbits.
It's 12.
Oh, I guess guess what before even sending the facts I looked it up on my
Tampa Tribune.
I got the whole story here.
What kind of sick puppy?
You know, here's another one's got to be on that pull right away, Josh.
How come nobody has mentioned this one?
My anus.
Right?
Right.
I mean, is there any question about that?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
I anus.
And they said, Yamama.
A plant city high school teacher faces fines and criticism
After killing two day old rabbits with a shovel as her stone class looked on authority said this week.
The veteran agricultural science teacher Jane vendor won't face criminal charges and supporter say she used a humane method to humanize sickly rabbits that would have died anyway.
You see, when I would have done this call like maybe a vet and had them come in and put a humanely put the sleep right or just walk away.
Investigators say vendor killed two rabbits and buried them in a field.
They're the ag lab with two others from the same litter that had died.
We feel that this person needs to be held accountable said Hillsborough County Animal Services investigator Dennis McCullough, whose agency filed two civil accounts of animal cruelty against vendor.
It's just not what we want to teach people to do with injured or sick animals.
Hillsborough County sheriff spokesman Lieutenant Rod Readers had litter of rabbits was born in her ag lab last month, two-dotted birth,
and the mother rejected the other two pushing both out of the outdoor pen in the school's agriculture complex soon after they were born.
One was found covered with fire ants and the other was lying in a water trough.
Oh, that's nice.
vendor told investigators on February 12th she asked one student to dig a hole and explain to the class that the rabbits couldn't survive after being rejected by their mother.
She then placed all four in a hole and in view of the class killed the two live rabbits by dismembering them with a shovel.
The rabbits were about the size of chicken eggs.
It wasn't clear how close the students arranged an age from 1518 were when vendor euthanized the animals.
One student told investigators vendor asked the class members to help her bury the rabbits but they refused.
vendor told deputies none of the students asked to be excused and none raised concerns the next day.
She said if she had a dude over again she probably would excuse the students from the process.
vendor could be reached for comment.
The state attorneys office rejected any notion of filing criminal charges against her.
They were one day old and poor health and she used a shovel he said.
reader it's a tough call some people would say these kids are taking this class and this is part of the learning process.
Oh, man.
McCullough said vendor had options she could have called us we had to come out and pick them up.
What compelled her to do this? I'll never know.
The civil penalties are $220 bucks during the 10th reg.
The health work out he school district is having a review of the case district spokesman Mark Hart said.
A question my vendor didn't use a more humane way to dispose of the rabbits and why she did it where students could watch.
A plant city resident and former student of vendor said she's being railroaded for killing two maybe rabbits that were suffering and stood little chance to survival.
Right. Wow. Wow. Wow. Only in Tampa maybe like I said before.
Tampa mugwump bill in fact they got to call before about forced sterilization what a great place to start.
Oh. Tampa Florida.
Mugwump bill.
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Remember that week how could you forget it?
Oh, I'll never forget it. The W.I.O.D. week of shows from the WSU end studios in Tampa.
Let me say it again. Tampa.
We're even the human people have like orange here.
How many human people are there in Tampa?
About 30 men.
And then all the rest.
Plum minutes after one at five sixty W.I.O.D.
Pompato Park racing and poker is having a free concert tomorrow night featuring the Beatles tribute band the cavern and the buddy Holly tribute band Ray Vaughan.
The free concert gets underway seven o'clock tomorrow.
It could be performing two sets during the night free admission free general parking just like every day at the track.
Come and hear the great Beatles songs you love live in concert with the cavern's George Van Dyke is Paul McCartney.
Ray Vaughan and their tribute to Buddy Holly will feature the hits Peggy Sue and it's so easy to fall in love.
But festival is that the concert is totally free.
This Saturday night sounds like tomorrow to me at Pompato Park racing and poker come for the free concert featuring the Beatles and the buddy Holly tribute bands all free starting at seven o'clock tomorrow night.
Easy to get to Pompato Park is just a half-noth from both I-95 and the turn bike and best of all the poker room is open from Noondle Midnight and live harness racing starts at seven o'clock.
Every day except Sunday and Tuesday we got cymbal casting every day seven days a week at the track two.
Pompato Park a block south of Atlanta Polaroid on Power Line Road for the Curl Race schedule call 9-5-4-972-2000 and go online if you like it Pompato Park.com.
Don't forget live post time racing seven o'clock tonight at Pompato Park.
Say hi to Fat Rich.
He said local.
We're sports radio five sixty two and you.
A.M.
Hello.
Hello.
I was calling about the wab at you have for sale in the paper.
OK.
What kind of wab at your are they?
OK.
I have some lock.
Yeah.
And I have some lock.
Some spotty lock.
And some solid color lock.
Oh wonderful.
And I have a straight ear dough and I have two doors.
What a dwarf.
They're small radii.
Oh OK.
We have a farm.
And we like to play with the wab it's on a farm.
You wouldn't happen to have any like little wab at handcuffs.
Any what?
Little handcuffs for the wab.
A handcuffs.
Yes.
No sir I never heard of them.
What's good.
Well you we used them when we hunt them on the farm.
We like to hunt the wab it's and we take them and nail them to a tree by their ears and its skin and a wife.
There was.
Hello.
And now I think that's what you don't do a face right it's for I couldn't say you're ready.
We have a little game we play called all wab it's must die.
No sir no sir no sir.
I wouldn't say you're ready.
A firm fifty dollars.
I like to hunt the wab it.
Well it's OK you you go out in the world and you hunt rabbits but they aren't for keel.
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmasively.
No sir I'm sorry.
I wouldn't say you're ready.
Sometimes we even spare them due to head with a rusty water.
I think that was a very poor taste don't you?
Tasteful.
19 after one at five sixty wab it's you don't forget join George tomorrow 11 a watt at Bill Sattles Boulevard of Sevings North
about thirty six degrees just was to twenty seven a bit in Miami stop by to win some really a chinsy prizes and enjoy
free food great stuff from Atlantic City subs and then George zips right over the other joint.
Let me be smokes one on the way two to four Lee Miles transmission one eighty three thirteen South Fixie highway stop by to spin the
QM Veal and enjoy free food from holder guns pub busy day for George tomorrow go buy in the say hey is all
the stuff you guys are talking about really for readers is just a put up.
I mean when you when you tell me that I just it makes my head hurt.
Now here's an article that everybody must read I'm not going to be the whole thing it's much much too long.
David Korn who's great in nation the 9 11 bog and it's on our website today is very long and you read it in
St. Harry please pretty please if you have an IQ larger than your thumbnail.
I just read the beginning he says toward the end of the recent two days of hearings in the independent 9 11 commission
Kristen Bright wiser and Lori van Alken who each lost a husband in the horrific attacks when your tears not
of grief but of rage they had much to be angry about as they and other 9 11 family members walked out of the hearings and protest
they were mad that national security advisor Condoleezer Rice had refused to testify publicly the White House had claimed that it
would set a bad precedent and discourage future presidential aids from freely dispensing advice to the commander in chief but in recent years
other presidential advisors including Tom Ridge at testify before Congress and Rice had no problem appearing on several TV shows
right before the hearings to talk about the Bush administration deliberations in order to slam Richard Clark the former counter-terrorism chief
in the Clinton early Bush administration who had released a book accusing Bush of neglecting Alken before 9 11 and undermining the fight against
Osama Yamama with the war in Iraq but for Bright wiser and Van Alken there was reason to be upset beyond Rice's no show
they were infuriated that much of the questioning of the Clinton Bush officials who did testify including Colin Powell
Madeleine Albright Tom Rumsfeld and William Cohen and George Tennant and former national security adviser Sandy Berger was
disjointed lame or off point much of it concerned Clark's book with Republican members of the commission especially former Illinois governor James Thompson
helping the White House by seeking to discredit Clark we fought to have serious hearings about the issues of 9 11 bright wiser said instead we got a book review
this has nothing to do with politics it has to do with my my husband and 3000 people are on this earth I can't explain how hurtful this is Van Alken noted added rather the occasional fact
seeped out little bit of the truth but we want to replace these hearings with hearings on 9 11 this is not a game
but the partisan people it's a game on both sides not just the Republicans on both sides kissy kissy kissy and we're going to and we're going to get you
to fact now Republicans want to declassified former testimony by Richard Clark from 2002 they want to make it declassified so they can use it against him now
but they'll leave it up to the White House so you forgot for yourself what's going to happen
it's the attack baby let's see here's Mike says can you still play hunting rabbits absolutely not it would be a very poor taste
also yesterday Joyce Kaufman was urging her listeners to stop or go to stop FCC calm and put a link on a website
Joyce Kaufman's got a website oh my god oh my god wow thanks Joyce but who you can anybody can have a website right
now what is a sergeant the dildo what is that we have a bit called that sure and what does it sound like like that
I'm real horny oh I see well in that case get that one on list right away oh yeah that's right big black guy named Ben right
uh uh uh isan what is it isan car alarm yeah isan car alarm won't hear that no more but ebonics Bob wouldn't be able to play that
mm-hmm ebonics graduate the bond either one of them ebonics graduate and then the other one it just the how about ebonics graduate
you got them all with this I mean let's face it just got a couple of you still play but
third man I'm not similar to ten or fifteen right I took a call from ebonics they say the beauty be right for me now again get no job
because I don't got no literacy I was talking like an old me grow ebonics thought they how this way now I can't do nothing but my heritage say that's okay
change my name to shoot roll try to do center quarter any kind of life
I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bar grind the blues about poverty white
there was got no job for me and I thought if I'm it can give my life a chance now I got to go and sell more crack cocaine
crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine
you know they were a boring song ebonics make me sound funny got nothing to do with literacy now I got to make more money
they were food sounds good to me I got plenty of nothing ebonics ain't getting me anywhere maybe I'll mug an old white bitch steal a purse and pull her hair then I gonna take some money
I was very old and a fridge a day I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bar grind the blues about poverty white there was got no job for me and I thought if I'm it could get my life a chance now I got to go and sell more crack cocaine
crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack
cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine
oh! ho! man! yo! disc v editing emei li viv Mainat ottai b5 to b7 for Anc jurisdiction it's more bad to be! who was that ho?! oh! toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe skyo broad
Ho!
You BE a homem
Coingoning ves unacceptable
Nana tafavasow
Na
Bunk
changes
We can all make a stand.
We can all make a stand.
27 after 1. And look at this. I think it may be important to let the club make me know.
681 hosts on the pool, which bit you're going to miss the most.
I noticed that Blood Beads and Mayan is both a just-got one.
No comment.
I've been telling you for years why you ought to do what I always do.
Called Thautomatris when your old mattress is worn out. You need new one.
Called 1-800 mattress because Thautomatris backs up everything they see in their advertising.
500%. But the competitors guess what? They still lie like crazy.
When you see a mattress that making outrageous claims be sure to redefine print because there are lots of lies in there.
Here's an example.
Big headline, half off price. But this only applies to limited selection of items that you'd probably never choose anyway.
And everything else is still full price. And they probably double the regular price first on that sale merchant.
I say anyway. And you'll probably never be able to make a fair exchange if you don't like the mattress.
But at Thautomatris, there ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers, no BS.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll see their prices are so low, other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete.
Thautomatris has no risk 30-day company exchange policy on all beds, including yours.
And don't forget when you call Thautomatris 1-800 mattress, you're getting a company ranked number one in the universe in overall customer satisfaction.
From candle to steward, Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
And Thautomatris reminds you to redefine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what you'll be waiting for, do what all the smart people do, just make one easy call and sit there, they'll be knocking on the door when it's convenient for you.
Call 1-800 mattress or log on to macpress.com. Tha-Lamatris 1-800-MATTRES, the honest way to get you a great new bed and a great night's sleep for years to come.
My life and love, this is 435-60.
You ain't no way.
Oh God, Neil.
Freedom save, freedom save, let's bury our heads.
Freedom save.
Freedom save, let's bury our heads.
Oh, this is all things that I've ever seen.
That's a new bed.
Oh, this show host's all fine for this broken, unarmed man's head.
Oh, we're trying.
Freedom save, freedom save, let's bury our heads.
Wrecked him.
Freedom save, freedom save, let's bury our heads.
No sex, no violence, no filth, no smart, no, uh, of course there's no nothing.
No nothing.
No kidding.
It's a great Mitch Lewis.
He the best.
133 at 560 next to Volkabrayan and KJ and who else?
Good for her man.
Right.
He's great.
Oi!
You're gonna hear some bad news for me right now, mister.
Uh-oh.
This is gonna be a shocker.
You think the rabbit story was shocking. Wait till you hear this.
Guess who split up?
Well, I know it's not Bannerford. That's the old already.
Right. Now this is brand new, although they have the same last name.
Spell different.
Oh, Tom and Penelope.
Oh no.
Your gay.
Tom Cruise and Penelope cruise have ended their three-year relationship.
Your gay.
The couple has spent long periods apart while filming broke up at the end of January and it's amicable
said Lee and DeVette, cruise assistor and pubicist.
Your gay.
Robert Garlock, cruise's spokesman told people magazine that neither stars dating anyone else
and the two remain good friends.
Your gay.
In other words, she's not dating any guys, neither dating any women, but then again.
Cruise 41 started last year as the last Samu Ryan appeared alongside Jamie Foxx and the upcoming
Michael Mann directed thriller Collateral.
Your gay.
Cruise 29 appeared in last year's Gothica, that's Penelope, and the recently released a
tag and film Non-T Movede.
Don't move.
Non-T Movede, I should be able to do better now.
Come on, dude.
Non-T Movede.
She used to star alongside Charlize Theron and the upcoming head of the closet.
I got news for her.
She ain't no Charlize Theron.
No way.
You believe in Big Honkr.
Right.
Ooh, just a mousey looking piece.
Garlock said cruise did not become a Scientologist like Cruise with the IUSC, but has taken church courses and she's found the beneficial.
He said Tommy's religion was not involved in the split.
Maybe that's what my head's gonna do with it.
Cruise and Cruise met on the set of the 2001 film, The Novel Scott.
Your gay.
Wow.
More of your stuff than nobody cares about.
You know, who wears this from?
From a CNN, from AP, so get it pressed.
Freedom of speech is dead.
Here's John Kerry saying a thing or two.
Oh, good to serve, that debate.
Amen.
Nice going, John.
You go, boy.
You're a little weak, but you go.
Now, all of you know that he just got off the set of monsters.
We're not just about dollars and decimals.
They're about choices.
Okay, whatever you say.
He's scaring me.
Okay, he really scares me because he just, I don't know.
I sure hope I'm gonna pull him to the best for him, best that I can.
Oh, Ag, there's another great story on our website today.
What is a lot of them like always.
Thanks, Eric.
Elizabeth Cheney, Deferment Baby, how Dick Cheney dodged the Vietnam draft.
Have you read that?
Yes.
You'll love it.
You will absolutely love it.
The dedicated students of obstetrics will observe that Elizabeth Cheney's birthday falls precisely
nine months and two days after the selective service publicly revoked its policy
of not drafting childless husbands.
This would seem to indicate that the Cheney's, though doubtless planning to have children
sometime, were seized with an untamable passion and moment that Cheney became vulnerable
to the Vietnam draft and acted on it.
How do you like that?
Who says government policy can't affect human behavior?
Oh, man, what about your hypocrites?
When they talk about chicken hocks, they know what they're talking about.
A bunch of e-wall cowards never served today who are busy sacrificing the lives of hundreds
and thousands of innocent people.
But that's okay.
Don't get started again.
Don't get all whipped up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Like that guy told me 28 years ago.
Keep it light, Neil.
Keep it light.
Keep it light.
Of course, he's dead now.
He's keeping it light.
How about Parliament light?
Can we play that?
We'll check it.
Why not?
WQM, hello.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Well, I thought we'd get through the whole day.
You know, that one there, you need to start getting the old files out again.
Uh-huh.
That's not interested.
Not welcome on this program.
Okay, retardo.
Not interested.
Get the pro-zack out.
Stick it away to Moonbone, trying to get lost.
Go away.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
Otherwise, we're going to be a little...
Tap it on your door very soon again.
And you don't think you want to go through all of that again.
Although...
We'd be more than delighted to help.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, I mean, I speak with Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Uh, where is the outrage of this country?
This president makes jokes and fun about WMDs in the White House.
Right.
And people are laughing and joking about it.
Yeah, well, not any more.
There must be a hundred articles today just ripping them a new ass for that whole performance is.
Well, uh, uh, President Nixon was impeached simply for lines.
Right.
President's lies caused the death of 600 Americans.
And thousands of Iraqis too, and I'm not talking about so many that we were quite...
Exactly, but of course the Iraqis don't count.
That's right.
And that's written, the hundreds of billions of dollars.
Right.
This is outrageous.
This man is so...
There's an easy way to describe it.
He's got blood on his hands, lots of it, okay?
And no matter how much he washes, he can't wash it away.
And if the question is, will the American people wake up and see it?
That's the question.
And have a great day.
Now, he's right.
Absolutely correct.
I don't understand it.
I was watching him before.
I wasn't listening to the audio.
I mean, it's too close to lunchtime for me.
You understand?
I mean, uh-huh.
You understand it?
Yeah.
Where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
Right.
There he goes.
You don't want to mind if I'm a very good one, though.
Where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
Or here's another good one.
That I borrow from one of my former friends at Michigan State.
When in question or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
Right.
That's the American-Effingway.
I'm so proud of the way I did that.
Very good.
It's a hot ice.
Wow.
I don't know.
I don't know what it takes.
I look at him and I say to myself, how can anybody take this man seriously other than
the fact that he's so dangerous, D and D, them in dangerous.
And of course, he's just a puppet.
Anyway, we all know that the Neocons, Wolfowitz and Perchard Pearl and Cheney.
Suck puppet.
And, uh, Scooter Libby.
This is this whole bunch of right-winged nut cases.
You see, I'm going to say it again.
I know that it will fall on deaf ears preaching with a choir.
But once upon a time, not that long ago, you don't have to be an old fart like me to remember
the day.
Back in the day.
When people on the way off on a right-wing extreme under fringes, you know, like these
people like this crowd, they were considered extremists.
Like nobody could have seriously their religious nuts, the fundamentalist, the jury of fall
wells, and the Pat Robertsons, and all these crazy Bible thumping right-wing nut.
They've taken over the country.
They created a bloodless coup right in front of your nose, right in Florida, right in
broad daylight.
Let us in.
Let us in, of course, with the cooperation and assistance of their right-wing Supreme
Court, led by Antonin Scalia and the big puffet retoken at a clearance Thomas.
They just stole it right in broad daylight.
Any American public says, oh, what time can we see Janet Jackson do the Super Bowl again?
My life and local.
This is 4.505.
Talk to you later.
Hey, Paulie, seven hundred degrees, baby, sixty-three, fair and high.
I need no life, all the hard work.
Every time I see that three-hearted him which, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
He's President of the bulls.
Repel the kid muscle in and in our take a legit idiot.
I don't know why they want his Y-but not easier.
First, for the next four years.
With President of the bulls.
That's lovely.
Oh, what I can do, no votes once more.
And yet we all voted for one.
Here you want this.
Don't come down, let's run and stupid me.
I'm this drunk and rich kid.
Don't come down, let's even number them me.
Please, President of the bulls.
You don't care what it took.
You got him here by a hooker, broad, with a Christian.
You know what's best for you and I, but how no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
Oh, with President of the bulls.
President of the bulls.
We will demand that our treating partners play by the rules that they've agreed to and show them that America.
Let him have it, John.
Okay, boy, he's looking bad.
146 at 560 W. Cuymino.
Jimmy Breslin is one of my favorite people in the world.
The right side great column in News Day, which is almost always on our website.
I got to read this.
It's on here today.
This is from yesterday's News Day.
Jimmy Breslin writes, and this starts in quotes.
Good morning, I'm George Tennant.
I'm the head of the Central Intelligence Agency.
And Breslin is listening to voices in the Senate hearing room and I pick out a Queens voice, which is where Tennant is from.
And this is what I heard.
The Central Intelligence Agency is the central place for the whole intelligence community.
And there's not a place where everybody lives and has the same lawns.
It's a community of people around the payroll of intelligence agencies, of which there's nothing better because it's a top government judge.
And there's a lot of work to do with the job with benefits and cars and good big vacations.
Listen to what Jimmy Gorlick says about me yesterday at the big hearings in Washington.
People in two administrations call him George because they like him so much.
That's right, they like me and I like my job.
Two administrations.
Watch my smoke.
I'm going for four.
How can you blame me for not knowing that we're going to blow up the world trade center in Manhattan?
Some people call this the figure of intelligence.
Maybe somebody loses in the attack and would say that.
I do not.
I said that I've done a wonderful job and I should stay at it.
The two presidents I work for could have done a better job.
I worked hard.
Maybe I didn't know Ben Laden had 19 people ready to commit suicide and flying to the trade center.
That doesn't mean I wasn't doing my job.
I said, oh, they see I a.
All of us at the hearings for the last two days down here.
Totally how good they were.
You didn't hear Colin Paul call me a name and I didn't call him one either.
He said he had done a good job.
William Cohen also said he was good.
Not one bad word to say about Madeline Albright.
And she told us how wonderful she was.
Don Rumsfeld acted like he was great.
Rumsfeld is America's Department of Defense who didn't defend us.
He said he had done a darn good job.
The reason we all like each other with these hearings was that we've all have jobs down here.
These hearings may be serious to the press and the people, but you can't make anybody lose a job.
That's the most important thing in Washington DC.
Nobody should lose a job.
No plumber ever fought for a job as hard as Don Rumsfeld does for his.
Look at his record.
Good Lord, he goes way back, way back to working for Nixon and Ford.
And you know how long ago that was?
Rumsfeld was in the first bush and now he's with this bush and if you have a third, he'll likely be there early.
If you put a time clock in an office to humiliate people and make them quit Washington DC,
that could chunk you here every morning as Don Rumsfeld clocking in.
Lovely, says Jimmy Braslin.
We get bombed in New York and there are thousands dead in Mangold and we have a wedding mass the Saturday after the attack.
And there's a groom at the mass but no bride because she's in the sky.
And now one of these people in Washington DC, these colossal figures, as much as loses a job.
Then yesterday in the hearing room was Richard Clark.
He was the counter-terrorism chief for Clinton and Bush.
He's already out of a job but he's got a big book out now so he's not hurting.
But he did say one thing that nobody on the government intelligence payroll ever did.
He started his testimony by saying he was wrong.
He addressed the families of the victims who got killed in the trade center, a few of them sitting behind him.
He said he was glad to have this form so I can apologize.
Your government failed you and I failed you.
We tried hard but that doesn't matter because we failed.
He had committed a felony in Washington government.
How can you admit you're wrong?
How do you say that to the public?
I'm wrong? What are you crazy?
The public is wrong not the government.
To be fair about this because jobs could be at stake here.
Tenant and rummstalled everybody else were baffled at the beginning of the Bush administration because Bush didn't go to work very often.
When Bush did come back from his vacations, he didn't make terrorism the main thing on his mind.
For the first eight months terrorism was important but not an urgent issue Clark said.
Now Clark says that in January 2001 he sent Condi Rice Bush's new national security adviser, a note urgently asking for a big committee meeting about Osama Vidladen.
Her answer was that Clark's terrorist group should report to a deputy commissioner not the principal, Rice.
She said you should not request a meeting with principals, Clark said the other day.
He said this side cracked any talk about Osama Vidladen for months.
Over in the White House Ms. Condi Rice watched him on television.
They don't let her out to be asked questions by a committee.
She let out some shriek.
Of course that's what they're all doing about Clark right now because some people on the 911 committee were saying after lunch yesterday he was hurting them and with good reason.
Clark was right and they were wrong.
Yesterday Ms. Rice had a press conference in the White House and she called Clark's scoreless and wrong and 55 other bad things.
At Day's End there was only Lee Hamilton, a former congressman and a constant professional asking why couldn't we protect the people?
They didn't protest and we lost a lot of people.
Jimmy Bresslin yesterday's news day.
Pretty sad, pretty tragic as the American people sits back going, but no no no like that.
And the smearant, you know, just the fact that they're doing a smear campaign or Clark to the extent that they're doing now.
I mean anybody who's too stupid to see through that has got to be a moron right.
See there's something good coming from the fact we had to get all those fart sounds off the bottom bank on there because now we got moron and a whole bunch of other good stuff.
Yeah, and then with some good clean quality right exactly and then of course the South Florida theme song.
I have no life.
Kids say no better my son.
My dog coming up and two we got the Humphor at four from that tennis stuff.
Don't forget we got the Carolina Hurricanes and the Carolina Panthers Monday Night Hockey.
I'm the local. This is five sixty. The radio's on your side.
You in.
You drudge back in.
What a normal can't man. What a weakling.
Who's my number normal? We'll find a good number for yourself.
We don't intramaca in the catapult.
Take out the best herb that you ever see.
All right.
Ask anybody in that table.
They tell you this country where the gun's a bit good.
Rasta man has some he want to sell and from my mile away you can detect the smell of smoke.
Okay.
How about the smoke gun?
Hey, the ampoule.
You're not normal.
No.
He light up his grip and talk.
Smoke gun. Just smoke smoke.
Smoke gun. Just smoke smoke.
The gun should be good.
You'd be carrying lots of herb in the gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until your long-term black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists come here and say.
Got nothing like this in the US.
Hey, they smoke.
Smoke gun. Just smoke smoke.
They light up the split and talk.
They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke gun. Just smoke smoke.
The gun should be good.
I'm not telling my son you are an arse d'arm man.
You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
The fight they've heard from you by the ounce of the pound.
Rasta man say to her, I'm are you right?
The gun should be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke gun. Just smoke smoke.
They light up the split and talk.
Smoke gun. Just smoke smoke.
Smoke gun. Just smoke smoke.
They can't be good.
All right, you're mine.
One fifty-eighth mad dog at two and a Humper at four.
Then we got some hockey crap.
We don't have any hockey game tonight.
We got inside the batter's box at six fifty and a Penn State and my
Herkman baseball at Mark Light Stadium at seven ten.
Phil and Mudgate reminds us head shampoo Bob and Tom classic.
Really long, kid.
It's great. It's amazing.
Is it really dirty?
No, but of course head shampoo.
Just the name itself should tell you we can't do that no more.
With all the censorship going on, which of Niels comedy bits or songs will you miss most now?
Everyday the list keeps expanding and expanding and growing.
You can't say this and you can't do that and you can't smell this and you can't you can't even think about it.
Wait till the thought police get going man.
You're all in deep crap.
In fact, I'm going to say let's say it a lot crap because they'll take that away.
It's just a matter of time.
I think you're part of the big O is the two words the mad dog.
Maybe he's raising more money for a Bob Graham.
Anyway, sofa king 151 won't hit that no more.
The I 95 full song 91.
We can't even say eight.
We've got to not can't even do that.
Fartsounds 86, kind of Leza 58.
Please a kind of Leza did it get lost.
Dickens cider 51 prison bitch 45.
That's criminal.
Oh, tank bag.
I'm 41.
Bill cigars 37.
Pulls on parade has got.
But third man.
The F for 27, trouser trout 17.
Josh L. Elder 16.
Donald Luck feels good 16.
Cowboy Dicks ice cream 10.
We'll get no more that.
Gay square dance nine.
Up between her thighs nine and culture has got eight and rancid eight and the ona goes from there.
Well, we'll do the best we can.
We're going to be in touch with Scott at stop FCC.com over the weekend.
We'll get that at the ball rolling.
We'll get on top of it.
The big O is next for the mad dog.
So nothing's perfect.
Bye bye bye.
I'm five 16.
Don't you Q a F.
I am for my day.
The hot is dirty man.
What a loser.
