Hi there, you first dude!
You're funny the first time you're on the fact again!
What is it?
Golden, golden, golden numbers are in throwin'
Our dean is going to try
He has to lead and stand to lead
His numbers now are going to lead
Could it be he has to be his wife?
Yes, yes!
The quarters must be thinking
What was the doctor drinking?
And he must have really bad eyes
Oh my god!
Michigan!
Our dean is going to try
New York!
Our dean is going to try
Golden, golden, golden
If those voters vote him
Our dean is going to try
In quarts, flats, and carries
Look better than who he married
A ptomadrist is what the doctor needs
The hopeful next-first lady should think twice before display
Her picomy guns and more CDs
That's a lady!
Our dean is going to try
To report the hell for him
She's watching his DC
Our dean is going to try
That's a lot of those bean supporters took a look at Dr. Judy Dean
There was only one thing to say
Oh and by the way, Spina Justin, you lying sack of crap
I saw for the first time last night
The clip right after the Super Bowl Sunday night
Not that we want to have more than 10 or 20 more stories about that
It just doesn't want to go away
Just a few
But oh, we had a great time
And it was a lot of fun
And about about a nothing about oh, that was unplanned
And I'm embarrassed and humiliated
And it was really supposed to be this there
And all this other crap
What a lion sack of crap
As the new inquirer points out very well
Also in the new inquirer, a shocking
Shocking story about Michael Jackson
And this whole deal
Source claims nation of Islam is extorting millions from the superstar
And he admitted molestation to Louis Faracan of all people
And they got the video, they got the tape
How do you like that?
They wouldn't extort it
Anyway, Carly Brush is dead, which isn't a surprise
It's a horrible story in Sarasota
And this is the second time this week
We had the kid who got killed in school
In Dave County
And now we've got this love and year old drill
Who was walking around
And they're kind of wandering around on her own
And Georgia is like psychotic about that
Whatever
Well, that's because it's somebody else's daughter
That's right, none of my business
Anyway, her body was found behind a church in Sarasota
The suspect Joseph Smith jailed
Two of the unrelated drug and probation violation charges
Has been charged with kidnapping and murder
And this is a real upstanding guy by the way
See, it's a good thing that they take the pot people
The people that have like a pin joint in their ashtray in a car
And they put them away for a good long time
Because, you know, they're the ones that are dangerous
People like Joseph Smith, his criminal record in the area
It dates back to 1993 when he was convicted of aggravated battery
And sentenced to probation
In November 97, he was arrested on the charge of kidnapping and false imprisonment
Man in Tea County, he was acquitted of those charges a year later
This is great
A woman accused Smith of grabbing her
She was walking along the street and threatening to cut her if she failed her main quiet
But his comment was he'd been in altercation earlier that evening
And wanted somebody to walk with and talk to
Right, so he just dragged her ass off the street
A few months earlier, Smith was convicted of carrying concealed weapon on knife
According to his arrest record from the FDLE, which is long as your arm
He faced numerous drug charges in 2001 convicted of heroin possession
Possession of controlled substances and attempting to obtain controlled substances by fragile means
And served a little more than a year in prison
He was on probation when arrested Tuesday
See, if he would have had like a maybe an ounce of pot
He'd be doing 10 to 20
Right
But you know heroin and knives and grabbing a woman off the street
He was walking around on a loose again
Which goes on all the time in America
And now we have a little dead girl
What a surprise
Here's the result of the poll yesterday
Which you want to apologize to our Jamaican lady who was very very upset
At the content of the show
At the TV show, things that I played and at the polls that we took yesterday
Wasn't up to her meticulous standards
We want to apologize profusely
And we'll see if we can't do better in the future
On the Aradja Show, okay, you crazy bitch
I wish I knew exactly what you were
Like maybe she could fax a list of things that bother her
Yeah, maybe she would like to direct the show on fact about 8.30 every morning
Facts is a little note and let us know what you'd like to have us talk about that day
You can also fax as a poll because you know we have to rack our brains
Coming up with a different and neat and interesting poll every day
And since you seem to be the programming expert and have I held a lot of time on your hands lady
Please, that would be a nice bit of assistance
I want to know what she hates so I can do that during the vacation show
Oh, everything right down the list
1625 votes now add that to the 284 we had in the first poll about whatever the hell it was
So almost 2000 again, but the response thank God has been dropping way off on our website
Which means that you know finally the fewer can we say their fewer
What's picking up their fewer bushes going to be on me to press with Tim Marcer on Sunday
Tim is going to be tossing some softballs marshmallows and lullipops that he'll president say you can be sure that
It's going to be tossing his salad. I say we'd like to see Michael Moore moderate that the interview will be good
Not not a sell out like Tim Russi. How much would you pay for that?
Oh, I'd say 30 men 30 men if I had it
1625 votes what I like most about Neil Rogers dot com our prestigious website
Both pictures and the stories 50 50 494
Maybe other Jamaican lady don't have no computer that maybe that's her problem besides life
Too bad honey get lost
Although it's good that she keeps stuff occupied with those calls he really enjoys your cos lady
And hopes that you'll start calling every day because it makes him feel like he's doing something really worthwhile
Listening to the show online 263 and that's pretty good isn't it?
Yeah it is. The naked pictures 232 now most of them I'm sure came from University of Miami
The polls 224 the news stories 157 I hated its evil 75 our website is evil the silly noises 71
The archives only 65 now that's I don't know I know what to say about that and the funny pictures 50 out of 16132 votes
Here's today's poll and I sure hope it meets with the approval of the in fact maybe we ought to put her on the poll
I'd like to put her on a poll the biggest asshole of the new millennium so far now it's only 2004 just early into it
The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far as we start with a short list and then of course we'll add on any others that we've overlooked
Which I'm sure there might be how many thousand but 30,000 to add on but before we do that I see we got a couple of really good calls coming in WQA and hello
Hi I'm Neil. Yes sir. Wow you know I just called to tell you something interesting and you answered the phone
Yeah I was just a little guy. I'm up here in that book. Yes sir you'll never get
Who's this sitting in the shop by the hundreds?
You're not too much. Oh God. And you've got a twist. I'm glad you're all over there. I didn't know he had a book. When did he write a book?
Yes it's a red cover. Something's red. The French. I don't know it's in the fire. He's the French packing story. Did he come out of a closet in this book or not?
You know I didn't buy it because it wasn't worth a buck. Yeah. But maybe I should buy it and just drop it off at the studio. No no no no don't do that. We don't want the pollution factors too strong. We don't want to be polluted by it.
Yeah I'll just leave it down in the shop where I can get it. Just stand in there and read it. You know just read a couple of chapters while you're in there. Don't buy it.
Nice and a good news. Pally. Have a great day. Good luck to get on here. Here's the new poll. The biggest asshole is a new millennium so far is Michael Powell. Colin Powell. George W. Bush. Rush Limbaugh.
Janet Jackson. Michael Jackson or Donald Rumsfeld. Do we want to put Justin Tinkerbell on there?
Yeah absolutely. Yeah let's put Justin Tinkerbell on there since he's partnering crime to all of this crap and an obsessive liar. Uh huh.
And then did you see his also one of his group members from instinct JC Chavez or whatever his name is. He's been uninvited to whatever he was the Grammys or whatever he was supposed to be and they all go away.
This is go bye bye. Here's a little here's a good guy Robert Wexler. I appreciate the fanatical listener out there who keeps talking that that's good because this is an important thing.
Like I said to George before the show today and I realize that I'm not going to change the world especially the girl of USA. I'm not going to change people's priorities.
Their attitudes, their mentality. We just try to have a little fun here and we still have people pissed off and upset like they should make it lately but at any rate.
Uh here we had a presidential election stolen right in front of our noses right in Florida and they'd been brought in Palm Beach.
And it was like you know like okay we lose you win and we had like a second and a half to two seconds of a naked breast not even a completely nude breast.
On a Super Bowl halftime show produced by MTV and right away it's Friday already the game was Sunday and believe me there was a game there is nobody talking about except maybe in Boston and in Carolina.
But there's nobody talking about the fact that there was a great game maybe the greatest Super Bowl ever but it's just doesn't end even like Bill Humper said on CNN this morning.
When will this ever end you know that's what he said.
Aren't you impressed by Miss Hummer impressive anyway Robert Wexler here's a press advisory from his orifice congressman Robert Wexler will appear in court 330 this afternoon he'll oppose motions submitted by Secretariat state Glenda Hood and Palm Beach County Supervisor elections Theresa Lapur that bitch to dismiss his lawsuit and or transfer the case to Tallahassee.
If works the prevails on the motion to last Palm Beach County Circuit Judge Karen Miller to expedite the discovery and trial of the case.
On January 16th he filed a lawsuit against the Florida Secretary of State and the Supervisor elections and the Palm Beach County Commission for failing to ensure that Floridians will have their votes be courted accurately.
The Palm Beach County Commission voted unanimously on February 3rd to purchase valid printers in Palm Beach County so they were dropped from the suit.
Also the County Commission of Palm Beach Howard and Dave counties voted unanimously as the at the track County Commission meeting January 26th to request that the Florida legislature change the current election law to require paper ballots citing that it's the only way to ensure that every vote is accurately counted.
So they're having a meet today 330 this afternoon in the Palm Beach County Court House 205 North Dixie highway West Palm Beach.
Nice go on Bob Wexler you're one of our only hopes the great white hope in the state of Florida.
While the rest of the public is going, oh, you see that tinny on the super bowl. You see that tinny embarrassing juvenile and tragic. Let's see here's a fact from Steve who says these scumbags who kidnapped children and killed and let's save on prisons and let them loosen the woods and allow the special forces to train in on them hunt them down with knives and kill them to Steve.
Well, you see one thing about people who murder children when they go on the inside just like people of my less children like father, a gig and he when they get on the inside bad things happen to them.
Yeah, no good things happen to them. Well good things for society and bad things for them and of course the fact that they're hunted and haunted and live in terror all of that time just kind of adds to it makes us feel better about it.
1013 at 560 WQM if you're thinking to buy a new car truck if you want to save yourself a potload of cash and who in his right mind doesn't then we invite you to visit Armstrong's Toyota homestead.
They're on US one just 20 easy minutes out to the 836 and Armstrong's Toyota homestead is worth the drive to matter where you live because you're going to save a crap load thousands and thousands of dollars on new Toyota's.
Check out these unbeatable prices right now in O4 Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12 990.
And O4 Camry with air automatic and lots more just 16 990 needed truck how about an O4 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in the country from just 14 990.
And when you buy a new car Armstrong Toyota homestead you get a free sun pass these were the first dealer in the area this be the first dealer in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life too.
General manager David Rich he's the man him and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a new Toyota today.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference they're locally owned and operated and they're committed 100% customer satisfaction they'll treat you right no high pressure no BS.
The service department is open week nights late to late to make sure your service work is done and done right and I'll tell you again conveniently located US one in 290 third street in a homestead it's just 20 easy simple minutes out of the 836.
So it's well worth your trip because if you're sick and tired of the mega dealers who overpromise and always seem to under delivery then this is the place for you called David Rich.
Armstrong Toyota homestead GM at 305 242 32 47 that's 305 242 32 47 for Armstrong's Toyota homestead.
Travel it and save a whole lot on that great new Toyota.
My life and look all this is for trade of high city.
Way and way.
Were you drudge back in?
Welcome.
Bye bye bye bye bye bye.
I'm doing her that's right just about every day and night cause Whitney's young and tight A B B come low.
I waited endlessly she finally give it to me now just like in her songs I can hear her mo I've been dating her since we were poor it ain't no lie.
I was the first to go through that door it's from bye bye bye.
It's about time everybody knew we're doing it like funny for a year or two.
I hate to tell you her virginity has come by bye bye.
The city's the series of so young and pain I thank God every day that I am within sing.
I hate to tell you her virginity has come by bye bye.
Likely story sweetheart even Celia Cruz wouldn't have touched you.
It's 1019 at 560 WQM Chris sent me a long list of stuff which I might read if I have time things you must believe to be in a republican today pretty cute Chris.
She also asked me do you know why the Edward DVD which was supposed to be released on Tuesday was recalled and the answer is no idea did you know about it?
I did not know about it maybe a few made it under the shelf anyway and are now going on eBay for 30 to 70 bucks because the demand is so great.
I don't know you can buy it on VHS and watch it for about 20 minutes and it's great and then shut it off.
It's just I mean for you to be talking about movies that don't end wow or that into sooner or whatever it just goes on and it's a.
Oh any any please you know as much as Martin what's his impulse not Martin Balsam Martin Ferman tells his name.
Martin Balsam not Martin Balsam he was in psycho Martin come on oh I can't believe this Martin Sheenality Martin.
Well whatever the hell is name is Martin Landau very good from fishing impossible as great as his performance was he was even a better bellow than Bella was.
But you know after you see that deal about the first 400 times it gets a little bit stale and what can I tell you it's okay.
Well this is good news AP pulled notes decline in support for Bush maybe that's why he's leading our pull out of the first 76 votes he's got 46 you think that might be part of it.
I got 53 for them I just refreshed like I said it just went to 53 out of the first 86 Michael Jackson's got 11 I got a really a blockbuster story and I go I didn't say blockbuster tonight.
I apologize gangbuster president Bush's public support dropped sharply over the past month.
All right especially among older voters who are the ones who happened to vote by the way political independence and people in the Midwest and AP pull found.
And for the first time more voters in this polls two years of tracking the question said they would definitely vote against Bush and said they would definitely vote for him.
Bush's approval rating stood at just 47% of the AP if so's pull taken early February down from 56% approval just a month ago half or 50% said they disapproved and laid his pull.
Bush's 47% approval rating is exactly the same as his father's at this stage in his presidency 12 years ago before he got tumbled by Bill Clinton in 1992.
Just under 4 and 10 37% said they would definitely vote to be elect Bush's president while 43% said they would definitely vote for somebody else according to the poll conducted by AP another 18% said they're considering voting for somebody else.
Oh, not looking too good W so he'll be on me depressed this Sunday and Tim Russell throw them softball.
Oh Mr. President Mr. President all of a sudden crap you just know that yeah I think you said right he's going to fill up by the president.
Right go with honey and just suck it out with a straw.
So get the honey Tim.
Yeah he's just going to move on that org is got another interesting thing here disturbing and interesting they do a good job.
Yes they do.
Says we didn't think the hypocrisy at CBS headquarters could get any worse but it just did.
As you know CBS refused to run move on voter funds child's pay ad perhaps the most tasteful and unconversial advocacy add in history during the Super Bowl.
CBS executives claim they had a blanket policy against so called issue ads yesterday we learned that the network plans to broadcast an ad promoting the Bush Medicare prescription drug law.
This is part of a 13 million dollar taxpayer finance TV campaign to take the heat off the White House for pushing through a drug plan that benefits drug companies and insurance companies more than Medicare recipients.
The White House had features the tagline same Medicare more benefits but a report by consumers union last month said that most people covered by Medicare wind up spending more for prescription drugs as a result of the provisions in the law which favor drug companies.
According to the Washington Post the campaign is intended to counteract democratic criticism that charges changes to the Medicare program will harm older Americans.
Now if that isn't a controversial issue we don't know what is but since CBS appears to be changing its policy our voter fund is submitted on Medicare ad which exposes the facts behind this spin campaign to run on CBS so far we haven't heard back.
Please give CBS a call today let them know they need either pull the White House ad or run ours and it's got the Viacom CBS's number their email their shoe size their whatever else.
So I called that number and I got that same email mailbox is full.
Well good keep calling it okay two one two two five eight six thousand for Viacom the secret CBS corporate owner in time to cut the crap two one two two five eight six thousand.
Nauseating and disgusting as once again other sell out to the good partners in crime even though Michael Paul he's just the up imp right now he's just to make a lot of noise.
So you people we're going to come after you yeah.
Well this is good it took almost three days but the first lawsuit has been filed a connection with Janet Jackson's breath bearing it's in during the Super Bowl halftime show.
How do you like that oh yeah I got the right poked out TV watch you Terry Carlton wants to make a federal case out of Miss Jackson's beer breast.
Well maybe Terry doesn't have any boobies so maybe she jealous that Janice got big boobies.
I'm just a little bit under some Miss Carlton filed a proposed class action lawsuit in federal court in Knoxville Tennessee on Wednesday against Miss Jackson singer Justin Tinkerbell broadcasters MTV and CBS in their company Viacom.
Who's number in New York by the way is two one two two five eight six thousand.
Miss Carlton ledges that she and others who watched the halftime show during Sunday Super Bowl were injured by the performers loot actions when Mr. Tinkerbell ripped off part of Miss Jackson's costume exposing her breast.
Miss Carlton and millions of others saw the act and were caused to suffer out range anger, embarrassment and serious injury.
What injury could she possibly have suffered Tonya their sharpened point me like brain damage which according to the one I'm reading here it doesn't sound like she's got the equipment for that.
But Miss Carlton who works in a bank or a lot explains a lot yeah doesn't specify the type of injury allegedly suffered the lawsuits.
These billions of dollars in compensatory and punitive damages meanwhile CBS already facing an FCC probe for the halftime show said it would grow while we already know that the five minute delay in the Grammys.
Oh and listen to this access Hollywood as we said yesterday reported Miss Jackson been uninvited into the Grammys on Sunday but it remained unclear as of now whether she actually would appear or not.
Maybe she's just going to like sneak up from behind Justin like whipping right out. There you go.
Oh but we got a five minute delay so only the live audience in whatever wherever they're doing it. We'll see it.
So there you go it just doesn't stop.
Well I like this federal law enforcement official said they've developed hard evidence of possible criminal misconduct by two employees of ice president Dick Taney's office.
Related the unlawful exposure of a CIA officers identity last year.
Excellent. That's even better than the unlawful exposure of a booby.
Right. This investigation which is continuing could lead to indictment suggests the department official said according to these sources John Hannah no kind of Darrell and Chinese.
The steep of chief of staff the anxious Lewis scooter Libby were the two cheney employees.
We believe that Hannah was a major player in this one federal law enforcement official said call to the vice president's office were not returned nor did Hannah and Libby return calls yet.
Wow I love it. Well maybe we'll play some more golf and and and Scalia and gives us off the whole for all time say 26 past and we're going to need some more names for this poll.
Of course we've got if there are any do right. The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far I think Dick Cheney belongs and it was now.
Okay. Don't you enlighten light of the latest revelations. No question. Dick Cheney certainly belongs on. He won't come close to W but he'll give him a run for his money.
26 after 10 at 560 WQM we got the man dog at two the hopper at the Royal Caribbean golf tournament. That's what that thing is at four golf tournament.
Oh, Joe and Mark seven to 10 tonight's a little bit the P. uh after midnight exposure. It kept it at 10 and sporting news radio overnight to this exporting news radio.
Squirt score overnight. You know guys Valentine's Day is right around the corner. Hope you're not thinking about giving those same old tired flowers.
Unless you're planning on getting the same old whatever she gives you every Valentine's day which is not probably much.
Here are three words that you need to remember Vermont teddy bear. Send her a bear gram it worked the lover boy bear the love bandit bear the all news.
All star Valentine dress like a sports fan. When it arrives to be completely surprised all of her co-workers will think you're the greatest guy even if you're not.
For sending such an original thoughtful gift then maybe so give you the gift that you're hoping and praying for.
Just call one eight hundred eight to nine bear and their friendly bear counselor will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine delivered with a free chocolate and their famous gift box.
You give a box and maybe she gives one back in return it only takes five minutes to order an overnight delivery to the home or office is guaranteed.
So call one eight hundred eight to nine bear or shop online in Vermont teddy bear dot com.
Send your Valentine the creative alternative to flowers this year it's one eight hundred eight to nine bear this number call.
Be sure and tell me that old Neil for to call one eight hundred eight to nine B. E. A. R.
What's on the air keep it in the snow.
And put your burger on today and watch TV.
The study packs American way in a tower or Michael power the site of Janet's team makes an hour.
Just the buying his position that he got through the discipline of spoiled confidence work.
Welcome.
1031 at 560 W. Q. M. Happy Friday to you.
Let's see here's the fact it says the subject of the day in the morning sports.
Whole shows is this dangerous kid from Carol city the football player.
Is that well?
Williams is that be his name?
I.
Something I've got Josh says yes.
I glanced at goldie this morning during Howard's firms commercials.
It says here and speaking of Howard.
Where was Mo Howard David of this morning a wall.
Absolutely.
Like a president to a wall.
Well, he sure misses a lot of time that Mo Howard David.
I heard his muskrat was ill and.
Says I'm now listening to Stern for the first time in my life.
I always told myself I would go to one of five point on his last resort and that resort has happened over the last weeks.
Uh oh.
Better get with it Mo.
It said this is not a kid.
He's 18 years old, meaning Willie Williams or has been convicted on several counts of varying nature.
He's got 10 violations of probation.
He just visited university of Miami.
Don't forget you can't spell scum without you.
M.
I think it may have been university of Florida.
Right.
That's correct.
And it's being accused of grouping a female student among other things.
I looked at the university of Florida police website yesterday to find out the report that the beast gave us momentarily that was such a bad copy.
We couldn't read it and I couldn't find it.
Goldie said we can't turn him away from UM for this.
The university's role is to build these kids up.
Give them support not turn them back into society.
As a side note, Geldie mentioned Carly Abrusha's body was found.
He didn't even see the connection.
Joe Rose who I like said to mother school sign him if we don't.
I want my cigarette nurse ratchet to this.
Becoming chronic but very good.
Thanks.
Thank you very much.
Thanks for the heads up.
What do you expect from Geldie and the sports?
Oh, well, if we don't sign him somebody else, we're going to have what he really am.
You and got to win some.
You know, there's not even a university there.
Okay. Who don't you people kidding?
Okay. Before we get to the other stuff, we better start adding some more names on this pool.
Otherwise the president's not having to have no competition.
All right.
We got 159 votes.
The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far.
George W. Bush 94, Rush Limbock 24, Michael Jackson 15, Rob spelled nine.
Michael Paulie just in Tinkerbell for Dick Cheney just went on.
He's already got three Janet's action to and Colin Powell none.
See they I don't want to say it.
You know, there's just something there.
They just afraid to touch him.
Well, he's very respectable.
No, that's in the past.
Used to be.
Hold up those maps again, Colin.
Let's see what those weapons are.
WQA him. Hello.
Co-Current Willie and Co-Current.
Co-Current Willie.
All right.
I mean, Danny just stepped down here with his before he started the job.
So they got to have something to talk about.
Excellent job, sir.
You're hired 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQA him. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on, buddy?
Hey, uh, do you see the speed by George tennis?
Yes.
What do you think about that?
Pretty exciting, wasn't it?
No, I thought it felt the only exciting part was when he said they were no one in the intelligence agency.
Ever said that there was an imminent threat.
That was the most important part.
Yeah, he was all windowed dressing to cover his head.
Then they say, uh, well, everybody had the same mentality.
I said, that's not what I heard.
Anyway, kind of Lisa Rice, she's going a good job too.
Yes, she's lovely.
Okay, have a great day, Colin.
Maybe we want to put her on there.
Condoleezza.
Oh, not Dr. Rice.
Yeah, Condoleezza.
Condoleezza.
Make me want to puke Dr. Rice, of course.
Condoleezza would be good for our list since they seem to be a little bit recalcitrant today.
Any names to our list?
Feel free, man.
Put them all on there.
Although this is one, we're not going to put me on there or George or Moa Howard.
You know, that's old stuff.
We're small potatoes, that's right.
We're a small tater, man.
We're talking about the really big fish in a pond.
What are those small potatoes called again?
Uh, teeter tots.
Another called Clarins' nuts.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Roy Neil.
Who is he?
George Niggert.
George Niggert for your list.
Oh, I'm a sports nigger.
Okay, speak at a better phone.
How about Arnold?
Do we want to put him on there?
Sure.
Okay, put Arnold on there.
The governor of California.
Although I'd rather put the voters in California on, but we can't put them all on there.
So let's put Arnold on there.
It's pretty, but you know something.
You see the connection here now?
Granted, there was a whole lot of reason for that.
They hated great Davis and the people of California was very, they were all bent out of shape.
But the whole Arnold thing is so embarrassing and humiliating.
Then we go to the Janet Jackson deal.
Worried how does it ever stop?
No.
It will never stop.
I don't think there's too much hope for the American public.
I know that sounds really depressing, but I just don't think there's an awful lot of hope if you catch my drift.
I used to wonder what you would say things like that.
Right.
And now.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
At the end of the list, you need to put all of the above.
Okay.
Out of material.
Sure.
No.
Boy, all of the above.
Yeah, I hate that.
Commit.
Joe, who always, this is an inside job.
This is from, who would we say this was from yesterday?
What?
The one that was signed, Joe, with little teeny tiny toe in the bottle.
Joe Mama.
Anyway, Edward was recalled for legal issues related to the case artwork.
The movie's distributor is Boinovista Disney.
Oh my God.
How about you?
I can see the fine figure of somebody in this.
Oh, it's not.
Maybe I just didn't like the dress that that was wearing.
That could have been it.
I've been listening to you since W.S. News of the SAGWQM has the worst signal of any station you've been on.
Absolutely correct.
Five 60 makes Edison's talking machine sound like Dolby surround sound.
That is the greatest line in the history.
This is the best facts in history, even though it's an inside job.
It's a frame.
Five 60 makes Edison's talking machine sound like Dolby surround sound.
Kudos to your unengineering department.
And thank you very much.
Wow.
That's just so accurate.
You got to thumb right on it.
You drive out there on 441.
And as you know, the electric wires there, they have power lines.
You know, hey, welcome to 230 on your AM dial.
Might as well be.
Ronnie Assen, the least run elect end of the dial, which is good.
You know, I would want to be on a far right.
I don't want to be on the far right end of the dial,
because look what happened to the fan, right?
1900 on the dial or whatever.
We're at 25 on the AM dial.
They're gone.
Remember the fan?
No.
And nobody else does either except Greg Reed.
Oh, we're going to sue them.
They're going to take away our audience.
They're going to take away our balls.
Speaking of taking away our balls, how's Donner Shalaley doing over there?
She'd be very disturbed to know that students at the University of Miami are looking at Janet Jackson's teeth on neo-Rajas.com.
Many of them, by the way.
She'd be real pissed off and parked off about that.
She might come right into your adorm room.
If there were any dorms at UM, she might come in to your apartment and like, uh, yank your computer out of there.
Repo your PC.
Or at least yank your chain.
She might just yank it.
Or she might just strap on a big one that she's fond of and just to come after you with it.
Go to QIAM, hello.
Yeah, I like to, uh, I don't understand, I guess, with FCC, with Janet Jackson's breath coming out.
Yeah.
There's with that and like NYPD Blue, you see the whole thing.
How do they decide who they can go after?
Well, I'll see what their excuse for that is.
Well, first of all, this was during the family viewing hour and of course NYPD Blue is on a little bit later on tonight.
That would be the excuse to separate with it.
And then of course last night NBC had a, they had an excise to see what the, from ER with the 80-year-old woman.
The 80-year-old woman who was, uh, having breast surgery or whatever who was dying with her saggy breast.
They had to take that out because now we can't have breast on TV because Michael Powell is having a nervous breakdown.
Okay, and now to the radio with FCC.
Yes.
I listened to both you and Howard.
Right.
And that's not your Howard.
Howard's sperm.
Yes.
Right.
And I listened to both your bits and you guys are pretty much like close with the same funny stuff.
And again, how does he get, find millions and like you can just, you know, you get away with whatever you get away with.
And he gets away with what he does.
But they still go after him, you know, I mean, I understand this FCC at all.
Now the stuff that he got find for was way, you know, because I've seen those stories and the stuff he's gotten find for was way, way beyond anything we would ever do.
Right.
Trust me.
Okay.
Well, you're getting the content of me.
Yeah, you have to know where to draw the line. That's all I can tell you.
All right.
And there shouldn't be any line. We should be able to say whatever the hell we want.
Exactly.
Have a great day, pal.
You too.
Good luck to America, man. It's all I can tell you. This business about words are going to hurt you. Now we got breast.
They're going to hurt you too.
If the words don't get you, they nipple sure as hell will.
I've been the local. This is 5.6 years.
The radio's all yours now.
You am.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Much better.
All right.
Yeah.
Stop.
All right.
Thank you.
Sometimes, extraordinary clothes,
but sometimes, small and full of
I'm the label.
1045 at 560 W. Crem the anxious and overpasted Tommy Lasorda says that the Janet Jackson
Tittygate and the Super Bowl have time show with the most disgusting thing he's ever seen
connected with the sporting event in his life.
No really.
I guess the Alzheimer's must be sent in on Tommy, you know what?
I guess he's forgotten about all those brawls out on the field during baseball games,
many of which he participated in, of course.
Did any Titty's fall out there now?
And about the violence and about the beat and each other with a head and about guys getting
thrown at their head and things like that.
I guess he forgot about that.
See, America, I want you people to understand one thing.
Write it down on your arm like in Momento.
Write this down on your wrist in Delabling.
Or have a tattoo movie better.
Violence good, sex bad.
Right.
Human body naked body bad.
After all violence never hurt anyone.
Body parts bad.
That's right.
Violence never killed anybody, never hurt nobody.
But sex kills like that lawsuit by that bitch in Tennessee.
Wow, that is amazing.
She wants billions of dollars.
She's offended.
She was injured.
What's that old saying with the word?
There's no sense.
There's no feeling.
Right.
W. C.Y.M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Police.
B.Q.Y.M. Hello.
Hey, how you doing today?
Pretty good, sir.
All the janitor's actions for the couple of days leave.
Reverend Jones, it might not have been, but I think it was.
You think?
Close enough.
You were close enough to me.
I'm getting like you now.
If it even sounds just a little teeny tiny bit, you're gone.
Sorry about that.
Not just the way it goes.
And if it's making Lady Don't Like it, blow it out for a sign.
Call up Duff and complain to him.
We hate you.
You're a crazy person, Lady.
W. C.Y.M.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Can I talk to Neil, please?
Speaking.
Oh, Neil.
Listen, I understand about Janet Jackson, but I won five minutes alone.
It's got Sarah Soda, man.
There you go.
I just wanted him.
I want to do something.
And you know, he's just going to have a defensive turn.
We're going to go through this long ponderous trowel.
He's going to have all sorts of song and a dance in a story.
They should just kill him right now, right on TV.
Right now.
Right.
I will be more than happy to help.
I'll be right there to help you out.
I'll hop on the first plane.
Hey, God bless.
I'm going to have a dad talk to him back at you.
I beg your pardon?
You can let the dad have a word with him.
You mean the dad that was in New York?
Right.
Here's what the inquiruses about Janet's flash gate.
Titty gate, nipple gate, halftime gate.
Janet's flash flash.
Accidental question mark.
Sure, Justin.
Justin Tinkerbell, swear as he exposed Janet Jackson's breast by accident at the Super
Bowl, but he deserves the Super Bowl booby prize for that fibin system
insider.
The performers planned their moment of shock and awe from the get-go.
After Justin yanked off part of Janet's sexy leather outfit exposing her right breast
during their halftime duet, the booze and buddies in MTV which produced the entertainment
of Polygized.
Justin called the exposure of Janet's breast covered only by a unique sun-shaped metal
decoration that was attached to the nipple, a wardrobe malfunction and regrettable.
But in fact, Janet and Justin wanted to create the same kind of sensation Britney Spears
and Madonna ignited when they kissed at the MTV Video Music Awards charge the insider.
They'd rehearse the number several times with Justin reaching over during the line.
I'm going to have you naked by the end of the song and exposing Janet's boosty,
they said the insider.
All along they were planning the split-second flash flash.
It became an escalating game of sexual one-upsmanship among the pop celebs because sex sells.
Last year Justin grabbed singer Kylie Minogue's booty during a performance of the Brit Awards in London
and then of course there was the Britney Madonna kiss and the Perseultant video.
After Janet's juggernaut, uh-oh, before a hundred million viewers, CBS was fluttered with protest.
Now Janet's just embarrassed and Justin's on edge about the backfired stunt
because he's a spokesman for family-friendly McDonald's.
Oh, that's why he's apologizing so much.
Uh-huh.
Janet and Justin just wanted to titillate but managed only to irritate and offend
says the inquire and the inquire rarely makes mistakes.
Okay.
You're full of crack Justin.
In fact, I got a great new song for him and his friends at Instinct.
It's called
Yeah, you freaking little liar pansy you man.
He has such a torp.
Now we just, I'm so embarrassed by this and my whole family so sad.
What I could say was oh my god.
You could you could catch those runaway S's in a butterfly net and him at the same time by the way.
Better have a tight week.
Who are you kidding you little pansy you?
Oh, he did Britney Spears right.
Right and I just did the Tom Brady here on the floor of my apartment.
Right.
I was great.
The biggest asshole of the New Millennium so far is
look at that George W. Bush don't get no respect.
He's like the Rodney Danger Field of Presidents.
141 votes for W.
Rice Limbaugh 33
Michael Jackson 28
Michael Powell 13 on Lucky Number Mike
Donald Rumsfeld 10
Dick Cheney's got eight eight for Dick.
Justin Tinkerbell 7 Janet Jackson 2
kind of Lisa that's doctorized to us one
that Chevron Goofball.
Colin Powell and our sports nigger have none yet out of 243.
And I notice how everything is kind of subsiding
that hysterical response we had on the website and the votes.
I mean I think one day this week in the first hour we had 400 plus votes on whatever the pool was.
Remember?
Because we had all these people, all these interlopers who are on our website only and what we
delighted they found us maybe they'll come back in the little around with it.
Obviously we should have put a lot more naked pictures on a weaker two.
What? Internet loafers.
But in the meantime now it's kind of like coming back to normal things are finally coming down just a wee bit.
WQA him hello.
I didn't know if he couldn't wear a meal.
WQA him hello.
Neil how are you doing buddy?
Pretty good pali.
Joseph Smith no trial just a rope in a tree and bobert carries that bobert carry.
Oh.
5 6 7 0 5 60 they're going to try to hang that around poor carries neck and he says you know you even if
they come up with a statewide constitutional amendment to prohibit gay marriage he might just be for that.
Even at least for civil unions but not marriage because they want to just hang him with that you know.
Yeah.
62% for Carrie and Michigan in today's pool.
62% I think Dean was like with 15% or 13.
Nobody's even touching Carrie in Michigan.
But Howard Dean says you just wait till Wisconsin he's going to get a few votes there.
Dr.
3 man WQA him hello.
By the public went down.
WQA him hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm a girl buddy.
Go on.
Yeah back at you.
WQA him hello.
Yeah Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey we're the state's turning top notch.
We had a lot of Hill girl raped in the bathroom.
Yeah we had that story.
Yeah by two little kids right.
Miami.
Miami kid got a throat slash.
That's right.
Uh huh.
And John Smith feeling little girl.
All right.
We're turning top notch.
No question about it.
And you want to know why sir?
Do you want me to tell you why?
Why?
That's the American fucking way.
5670560.
Pomp I see he didn't write it down on his wrist he already forgot.
Violence good.
Sex bad right.
That's the American model.
Anything that has to do with the body part it's bad.
Unless of course it's in a commercial.
Oh see the FCC makes this crap up.
This is one of the things that frosts me most and there are many things.
They just make it up as they go along.
Here's a group of people nobody voted for them.
They're not elected.
They're appointed but there are a bunch of cronies and group walls.
And they sit around and where there are fully goody two shoes attitudes.
Pandering to the right wing fundamentalist crowd.
And while we can't have anything that has to do with sexual organs or
excretory activity.
Now what can you tell me what excretory activity is really.
Besides taking a dump and the peeing I mean what is that?
How about sneezing right?
Sure.
Percent.
Parasite.
Sweating.
Sweating is bad.
People that have a voice.
Snoring would be bad.
Right?
Press your go.
Don't hear it.
Don't hear the beast on you.
No more he was snoring right on the air.
If you blow your nose.
Blowing is bad.
That's right.
That's what Michael Paul said no more enough of the blowing.
Ear wax.
Ear wax is grotesque.
It's an excretory activity.
Be a Yang.
And of course if you're picking seeds out of your butt.
Bracket.
That is really bad.
Okay.
Yeah, that's extractory.
In fact, I think what we might do is just pick a whole bunch of seeds out of
most butt.
Are you first?
Well, he picks.
He needs to take care of his own.
And put him like a little glass jar and send him to Michael Paul at the FCC and say,
what do you think of this asshole?
56670560.
Where do you think of this asshole?
I'm not going to tell you where the comma goes.
0560 on the AT&T and for rise somewhere else line.
Hey, Moe, you know what you can do with that comma?
WQA and hello.
Hi, George.
I know it's Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Hi.
If you want to speak to George?
Well, I feel like I just think of both of you.
Okay, we're both listening.
Okay, um, this is regarding the breast feeding issue.
Right.
Or the other day that it was against the law.
No, I didn't.
Pardon?
No, I didn't.
Yeah, you did.
No, I didn't think you did.
Yes, you did.
No, I didn't.
You said it's a good salon.
You know, I didn't.
I could have sworn that you did.
I know.
Okay.
What did you say?
The opposite of that.
About an incident that happened six months ago.
An off-city police officer told a woman in a restaurant that what she was doing was
a scene that she was violating some sort of a sanity laws.
Right.
And asked the woman in her husband and to leave the restaurant and they did.
And they filed a complaint.
Oh, I believe he had that story on.
I had it.
Oh, okay.
It's against the law to deny a woman the right to.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I'm just understood.
Don't be sorry.
I'm an expert on these things.
But if there's a TV camera in a role in, uh, then it's a problem.
Oh, okay.
If CNN is covering it live and if they don't give me a copy.
Right.
Oh, and uh, in case you didn't know, uh, Rick Dances in fact is unfortunately still on the airway.
It's given a little matter of how long program, uh,
dealing with hard-hitting topics like, uh, astrology, uh, diet and diet.
Right.
Really?
I understand though before they take them off in a couple weeks,
he will find the two-po-cabiner which will be good.
Have a great weekend.
You too.
Thanks.
Bye.
Love you.
Hey, don't forget our, uh, and love it too.
Don't forget the couples contest and, uh,
pictures are just exactly, uh,
foreign in.
I'll tell you that.
I don't know what that's all about.
We got to start.
Although it seems to me last year when we started this and whenever else we did it.
It starts out slow.
The busy, uh, taking pictures.
Let's hope you have to, uh,
week from today next Friday from where 13 to submit your entries
and email them to contestatnearodgers.com,
whether it's a, if you're naked, if you're like a doing something,
if you're, uh, you know,
dressed in your wedding gown and, uh,
he's dressed in his talks or whatever it may be,
or anything in between.
Like that couple from the hockey game.
Right.
Whatever it might be, just email the pictures to contestatnearodgers.com.
Couple with the most votes at the end of the week of February 16,
which is when we'll have the voting on our website.
When's their choice of one of these prizes?
Trip for two to hedonism in Jamaica or
Trip for two to the royal oasis casino in Bahamas,
whichever you choose?
Did mom and Kelly give us that info?
No.
And the third place prize dinner for two to the pizza loft.
All the contest rules are on our website,
nearodgers.com.
All right.
We're in the hall.
We're sports radio,
PICT, UAM.
God, your breasts are beautiful.
Brittany is my girlfriend.
I am cooler than my bitch.
I wake up with Brittany's hair.
Yeah.
And if you were me,
you'd be doing with me
as if this you can't get near.
You're searing like a sea.
Why don't you get in her jeep?
I bet you're turning green.
I got her and you do not.
You think she is so fine?
When you look at her online,
you should remember she's online.
Brittany is my girlfriend.
She likes me best.
Brittany, my hands are above her chants.
Brittany is my girlfriend.
She doesn't look bad.
But I've seen her in the under way.
Brittany, I feel my girlfriend.
In my review.
If this doesn't help, you will see her in the review.
Brittany is my girlfriend.
She needs some help.
I sleep with her when you do not.
I just believe my girlfriend.
Brittany, my girlfriend.
Brittany, my girlfriend.
My girlfriend.
Sure we believe you.
11 at 1 at 5.60 at WDQAM.
Now what's this fact?
It looks suspicious to let those Tim Potsfaxes in it.
Yeah, well.
Since I'm the father of three girls,
I think when a person commits a sex crime against a child,
they should be castrated and put in prison for a long time.
If they kill the child,
castrate them, hang them,
fry them,
and we'll add lethal injection to top it all off.
This plan needs less people who killed people.
And more people who are sick of the senseless murdering
that goes on every day, especially in the US.
This guy may have killed many more,
and that's the way it goes in the US.
The more people you kill,
the less like you are to die for it.
Someone needs to take this guy out before it gets locked
too deeply away.
Well, when it down, take him out.
I'm all for it.
Go get him.
Oh, this, this is on CNN's website.
This to me, this is so perfect.
This is so American.
Wait till you hear this.
Okay.
The Jackson stunt, what now?
It questioned Mark as the headline.
Superbowl flashy may encourage crackdown.
Let's crack down on his vulnerability and his perversion
and these boobies, man.
We got guys killing little girls out on street corners.
We got 560 some American kids that are dead in Iraq
over a war that was based on lies.
We got the public being raped
by corporations that are exporting all of their jobs
over overseas,
so they can have a slave labor.
In fact, I got the 10-worth corporations of 2003
coming up a little bit later on.
Yeah, including beer and clear channels.
Oh, clear channel.
Oh, no, you're one of the 10-worth corporations in the world.
Clear channel, cheap channel.
You guys suck.
Anyway, it says the one second flash of Janet Jackson's
breast at the Superbowl can end up putting the breaks
on years of plunging standards in the entertainment industry.
Now, isn't that great?
The AP of plunging standards.
I thought it was going to say plunging necklines.
Oh, this particular event might end up waiting to hear
who is saying this.
You are going to just, you better get out the towel.
That's right.
I got the role because you're going to drop a big brown load
right on a chair.
Oh, that's expatory activity.
Can we say that?
No, like I said, you're going to drop something.
That this particular event might be for the moment.
The straw that broke the camels back
on the patients of the audience said,
talk to your host Carson daily.
A veteran president's presence on MTV,
which produced the Affedent Hand Times show tolerance
of this sort of sexual imagery may have reached its peak.
Oh, my God.
Carson freaking daily.
How the hell are you?
Exactly a punk piece of crap repulsive nauseating.
Unlike other might, and of course, he presides over
the TRL thing, which is nothing but a bunch of
a hormonal little girl mostly.
A bunch of bullying around.
Chasing after some fag boy.
Unlike other milestones of indecency,
Rockstar Bono using the effort on 2003 Golden Globes
or Madonna Britney Spears,
tongue kissing and MTV, Jackson chose to be
veal herself before the largest TV audience of the year.
That's what made it bad.
So many people's brains and futures have been polluted and destroyed.
And she did it precisely when federal authorities are
mulling her crack down on broadcast indecency.
They're going to come and get us charged.
Yeah.
So you better go through that DCS and delete not just that one thing,
but everything.
Okay, everything.
Farts sound.
Wurps.
I'll just purge it.
The Jackson case could have a galvanizing effect on the move
that tough and standard said FCC commissioner Michael cops,
who's one of the word cops,
whose complaint this commission has been toothless
and responded to complaints.
At the very least, he said it punctures the argument of
people who say that those who are bothered by such things
on TV just shouldn't watch.
How do you turn off the super bowl cops?
As turn off the halftime, go get a beer.
You schmuck.
Like most of the rational people,
go get a beer, go take a leak.
All right, that's right.
Expiratory activity.
The FCC commissioners do not take a crap or a leak
because that's expatory activity.
And since they won't allow you to talk about it,
it must be really sick and disgusting and perverted.
This is going to be a national conversation on this
at Brent Bozell, president of the Parents Right Wing
Television Council, which is long complaint
about sex and violence on the tube.
They're quoting it.
It's just like MSNBC putting a fall ball on their
the Internet.
Oh, what a surprise.
You ought to hear what he said, right?
Brent Bozell.
Right wing asshole.
And it goes on here with a list of things going on.
About the Grammys and the five-minute delay.
And about the banker from Knoxville, Tennessee
and her class action lawsuit.
About NBC cutting out a scene from last night's ER
that showed that elderly patients breast.
They said that the current atmosphere
made it too difficult for affiliates to air the segment.
The current atmosphere, which makes all breasts,
even those 80-year-old memories,
just too little too spicy.
ABC said it would add delay
for its February 20th broadcast of the Academy Awards.
TNT also said it was considering a delay.
They entertained the portion of the NB All-Star game featuring
Beyonce, Outcast, and Christina Aguilera.
They're going to take away her cheese.
The NFL kind of halftime production number by one of
Tinkerbell's in stink bandmates, J.C. Shazes.
Whatever's name is, is that it?
That's what it says.
C-H-A-S-E-Z.
How do you pronounce that?
Never heard of it.
Plant, he's that one of the really ugly ones.
The one they all are.
Plant for Sunday's cobalt and Hanolela.
Because Shazes' song contained the words,
horny and naughty.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
Horny and naughty.
Are you ready for that?
No, I wasn't.
I can't imagine any self-respecting,
broadcaster, performer using words like that.
Misa horny.
Uh-oh.
He'll be replaced by Hula dancers and local singers.
Hula dancers aren't they wearing their like them Hula Hoops rascurts
and coconut over their round.
Shaking their booties.
Shazes in turn is rippedy and if Elmer refuses to sing the national anthem,
it became what you'd been asked to do.
Well, how are we going to survive that?
I'll never be the same.
Misa horny.
AOL spokesman Jim Whitney declined to comment on reports
that the company would seek a refund of the $7.5 million
if paid the sponsor the halftime show.
Shock and titillation in popular culture is nothing new.
From Elvis Presley's scandalously swiveling hips to Ozzy Osborne's
bleed fest on his MTV show,
performers have thanked an outrageousness to excited inside an audience.
And let me say it again on, uh, is it CTV here or global?
One of the other that shows the Ozzy Osborne show,
there are no bleeps.
Airview one of the words is on over the air TV.
Not just on cable, over the freaking air, okay?
Okay.
How is it that just across the border here,
we can be so much more progressive and not all the tight,
about things that people are saying on the air,
unless it's done sherry.
I don't want to get into that.
They're all better under shape about him again.
Boy, well that's because it's a hockey, you think, see?
That's what they get emotional about here.
You can swear, you can show a breast,
you can do anything you want basically.
Smoke a lot of weed right on the street corner.
But if you start picking on hockey icons like Don Churrey,
then it causes a big kerfuffle, is they saying?
What?
You can use that name.
Kerfuffle, that's one of your favorite words here.
Kerfuffle.
I think it's a brick thing, a little silly, you know?
I see.
How's that pull coming before we,
I read you a great article by Dave Perkins,
and yesterday's Toronto star NFL must be high five,
and behind closed doors.
The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is,
we got 325 votes, not too bad for less than an hour,
but not the herniatic response, which is good,
because we couldn't keep up with that no more.
No, even Eric was just, he was even in a bigger panic than usual.
What are we going to do?
Just calm down Eric, I'll take care of it.
We are going to have a lot of naked pictures on our website.
Yeah, we are.
What's the FCC going to do about that?
Did they regulate the content of the internet?
No, no, they don't.
That's right.
You, and what's the big deal is some 15-year-old kid or 13-year-old kid
goes online and sees naked pictures of Halle Berry's boobies
or something like that.
They'll go kill a bunch of people, but they won't actually touch themselves.
The biggest asshole of the new millennium is George W. Bush, 181 out of 325 votes.
55.6%.
That's the only poll that he's doing over 50%.
Rush Limbaugh, 45, Michael Jackson, 41,
Rumsfeld, 15, Michael's Powell's 15, Dick Cheney, 13,
Justin Tinkerbell, 9, Janet Jackson, only 3.
See more people hate him because they're proud of Janet.
They want to see the other one.
Conda Liza, that's Dr. Rice, 2.
Colin Powell, 1.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, 1 out of 337 votes.
Everybody, nobody don't like Arnold.
Right?
The girl, the NATO.
That's because he's dumb.
He's the Galvan NATO.
Yeah.
NFL must be high five million behind closed doors rights to Dave Perkins and the Toronto
Star.
He says the National Football League is loving every minute of the debate over Janet Jackson's
Peate Show.
The NFL is in perfect position here.
It gets to tuck, tuck, and claim the high moral ground that such a terrible depraved thing could
have ever happened on our dime when in reality the holiness of the $2.5 million commercial spot is not
only maintained, it probably is enhanced.
You think anyone is ever going to try to stage a large rave bowl again?
You think anyone's going to be stupid enough to take on the greatest god in television,
the Super Bowl, with vague promises of pay-per-view titillation?
The Super Bowl has already delivered the real thing.
Bosco, it gave you the other Jackson.
There'll be no one trying to upstate next year's halftime show.
It is to laugh here, Paul Tagliabub and the blue suits ring their hands about what those
ruffians at MTV did to our precious halftime.
This from a gang that only promotes Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders and 31 other team sideline cuties,
but knew the much-high TV advertisements would feature farting horses and products sending it
four-hour erections, symbolized nudge nudge by a gothring a football through a tire.
The NFL didn't even know crotch-grabbing and over its sexuality were the staple of the networks videos?
Sure, it's not difficult to believe that no one at the NFL or CBS knew what was coming.
It's impossible to believe they were launching a preemptive strike against lingerie bowl two,
while assuring that this corner of the Super Bowl would remain a lively subject of public discussion for days.
There are high fives behind the closed doors of the NFL these days.
When CBS did the good corporate vertically verticality thing at hired MTV,
its organizational subsidiary, to produce a show featuring Peter E. Nellie Kidrock in Jackson,
it automatically knew nobody over the age of 35 would watch.
And anyone who does watch this stuff knows videos can be pretty naughty.
Fine, who cares?
The NFL was used to produce super bowl halftime shows with those show-tunes singing younger Republicans
named up with people or worse orange juice queen Anita Bryant was content to aim younger.
It knew exactly what it was doing that tears are now the crocodile variety.
MTV, which he, he spells it out, EMPTY MTV.
Also knew how to impress when presented for the first time in its history with 100 million viewers in a lump.
Janet, she had a new record coming out the next day.
What could a last-grit exposure hurt?
Her weepy apologies prolong the matter and don't hurt the cause either.
The other laughable harump from the NFL came pregame when it threatened several Las Vegas casinos with lawsuits
for charging admission to Super Bowl parties.
It forced the casinos to pull the plug on the affairs for which nickel and dime betters pay a few bucks
for a t-shirt hotdog in chance to watch the game on a big screen with several like-minded individuals.
This is the NFL pretending to be concerned about gambling.
The reality is Las Vegas handles more on the NFL in general and Super Bowl in particular every year.
Gambling is one of the undeniable lifebloods of league and not one better missed the game or canceled his bet
because of this grandstand play.
As usual, the big players weren't at silly parties.
They were being comped by the casinos who hire NFL players to hang around and former NFL players to hang around and sign autographs.
If and when the NFL decides to stop giving out detailed injury information,
whose accuracy is enforced by threats of fines for lying, then it'll show itself to be serious about stopping the flow of gambling on its games.
Until then, like this Janet Jackson thing, it's all about perception and pretending to take on the high road.
It's all a great big con, says they perfect.
Oh, you don't think they could have known it was coming to you?
There's none.
Well, that's really bad.
In fact, you know what most America would want to see most of the rest of the world? A lot more the same.
Yeah, but if they want us to be in the other movie first for starters, then next year at the Super Bowl halftime,
we would call this a Britney, if they want to see.
Even I want to see that.
When in town it's just whip them out sweetheart.
You think they had 90 million people watching this?
You that have all 300 million people, even little infants that would be watching, the ones that are breastfeeding.
Oh, mommy, that looks just like yours only a lot better.
And here sir, 1113 at 560, your booby station QAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Thanks to her, we also have B.
She's a one-man mix of smiley old.
The more I stays there every night, it's your birthday wife.
Holy moly with your 30 double D side.
Her shirt fits her tight.
Holy moly.
She gives us young guys quite a ride.
1117 at 560, WQM.
Oh, speaking of boobies, there's a president.
Where is this?
From being a subject of debate, if you won't have the final result until after we know who wins the election.
Holy moly, they're really pressing the old flesh.
Since the beast ain't going to cooperate and give us a copy of that police report that we can actually read,
and our sports department too.
Recruit on probation since 2002 for burglary writes the Suncindle before we get to the Michael Jackson story,
the hot story of the day.
I think we need a lot more names for our poll, though.
The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is, we only got let's see, two, four.
We only got about a dozen.
Yeah, but we got the good ones.
We need about...
Factor, the man.
Yeah.
Any nominations, 5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
Miami's top recruit was on probation for a felony burglary chargeway,
was named in three criminal complaints during a recruiting trip to the University of Florida last weekend.
Wully Arthur Williams, the turd, signed a letter of intent to play for UM on Wednesday,
but the linebacker's legal problems could jeopardize their future with a hercones.
Williams was sentenced to 18 months probation August 12, 2002,
a coin to Florida Department of Corrections records, his probation was first reported by Florida today.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Meanwhile, the Palm Beach Post reported in today's editions that Williams have been arrested 10 times in the past five years.
Well, he should fit in just like a rubber glove.
Right.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I got something for you, Paul.
How about you?
I'm a guy.
Yeah, okay.
According to the post, Florida Department of Law Enforcement records show Williams, then 14,
was charged with Pity Larsney in 1999.
He was arrested five times the following year, including twice on felony charges.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you put on your ball or your...
His most recent arrest occurred July 11, 2002 in Pember Park, huh?
What?
I think we got a new format now.
Well, I'll make a mix to reading a little bit less ponderous.
You know, it lightens it up a little bit.
Hello.
His most recent arrest, W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I occurred July 11, 2002 when Pember Park's police charge him with two felony counts,
verbally, if an unoccupied structure, or conveyance and possession of burglary tools
according to the Department of Corrections.
Can we see tools on here anymore?
No.
Instruments.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what would you think if we saw a cell you cruised a city instead of Janet Jackson?
Williams, then 17.
Then it would be obscene.
Then we'd all pass out.
Then I would agree with Michael Powell.
Williams, then 17, was prosecuted as an adult.
He pleaded no contest for sentenced to eight months of probation and a $353 fine to post reported.
Williams was less than two weeks away from the end of his probation when he was accused of misdemeanor battery
and two separate cases in Gainesville.
He also faces a felony charge of obstructing fire extinguishment, police said.
Williams allegedly hugged a student without a permission, hit him and in a bar, and set off three fire extinguishers in his hotel,
all in a span of five hours during his recruiting trip that began January 30th.
W.Q.A.M.
30th.
The State Attorney's Office in Gainesville will investigate the sworn complaints before deciding whether to officially charge Williams.
W.Q.A.M.
Michael.
The complaints, though, could lead to his arrest in Broward County because of a probation violation.
I would expect that Broward County would initiate a violation in probation case on him based on the fact that he'd been charged in a lack of a county on three offenses.
State Attorney Bill Sirvollen told Florida they yesterday.
W.Q.A.M.
Dying over here.
Sirvollen told Florida they expected to decide within a couple of weeks whether charges will be filed against Williams for the incident last weekend.
W.Q.A.M.
I have a gun.
One of the things I always look at is the person's background, Sirvony, said the 6-2-225-pound linebacker from Carroll City's High is Miami's most prized week route, a parade all American, and why they regard as the one of the top high school players in the country, he chose the Hercones over Florida State.
Nice choice, Pally.
You'll fit in like I said, like a rubber glove in somebody's rectum.
Anus.
See, I'm cleaning my act up. No ass.
Right.
Just a little anus.
Like shit.
Good cause, though.
I like that kind of spiced up a little bit.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
W.Q.A.M.
Hola.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Name for your poll.
Assalamu alaikum.
Oh, good choice.
Okay.
Assalamu alaikum.
We got to put somebody on here, my KW run for his money.
Assalamu alaikum.
That's good.
Right?
He won't beat W.
Well, we'll see.
He'll give him the runs.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Lolita.
Lolita.
That was James Mason.
Oh.
It was.
What should we put around the poll?
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Jamba.
W.Q.A.M. Hola.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How do I get on your poll?
How do you get on our poll?
On your poll.
With a ladder.
5607.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Aren't these people good or what?
Hey, that might have been promo worthy, even though.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
He's shut up.
W.Q.A.M.
Line 9.
Hello.
Not there.
Wow.
They are really foaming at the month today, you know what?
And we like that.
We always like a lot of foam.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
N.O.
You can't wear with a black quarterback and the Holocaust never happened.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Thanks, Roy.
Q.A.M.
Not there.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
N.O.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Maybe if there was more titties on TV, Willie would have been busy playing with his willy,
and he wouldn't have been so much trouble right now.
Excellent points, Robert.
It starts this weekend, OK?
Right on Channel 6.
Instead of the Rich Sanchez show, Monday through Friday, 10 a.m.
Do you think that we get higher ratings than a Ricky Tiki?
No question.
You bet.
5.670560, 560 on the AT&T line.
The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is...
400 votes even.
That's a good number.
George W. Bush 214.
Rush Limbaugh 62.
Pop it out of the one, Rush.
Michael Jackson 51.
He's popping him.
Michael Powell 18.
Dick Cheney 18.
People say Dick.
Donald Rumsfeld 15.
Justin Timberlake 12.
Janet Jackson's 4.
Condoleezah 3.
Arles Schwarzenegger 2.
Colin Powell's finally got one and no Samu Yamama just...
He just popped up on her.
Was Jackson...
Was a Jackson confession taped?
I'm going to get into this because it's going to take a while to read it.
OK.
It's from the acquirer, so we put all of our faith and credibility in them.
We love the National Enquirer.
It's the Bible, man.
See?
A source claims Nation of Islam is extorting millions from the superstar
and he admitted molestation to Louis Faracan.
Oh my God.
Wow, not a good idea.
Michael, Michael, motorcycle.
And there's a picture of that anxious Mark Garagos with a mustache boy.
He is...
There's something about him, you know?
Super.
Slimey.
WQA, hello.
20 million.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How about our Jamerino?
Hi, Sally.
OK, let's put Danny boy on there.
What do you say?
OK.
What are you?
I mean, it's probably sacrilegious and soft Florida, but...
Hi, Sally.
I think a lot of people after him turning his ass in the way and facing, blowing a big one.
I think a lot of people would say, we're pissed off at Danny.
Let's be let us down, man.
Huh?
Speaking of Wayne.
OK, put Wayne Heising on her too, if you want.
He's old news.
Put him on there.
I care.
Never did nothing.
Yeah, you do.
You care?
No.
56070560, 560 on a AT&T in Verizon.
I think we're uncovering a new format today.
Makes some of my reading a little bit less ponderous, huh?
Oh, that depends on what the article is.
I mean, that was about football.
Football, you know, so it needed a little lightning up because it's so boring anyway.
I'll let you end crap.
Don't forget, you can't fiscal scum without you end.
I'm less old and we've heard it a million times, but it's never and ever worse than with me, you know?
WQM, hello.
How are you, Father?
WQM, hello.
Uh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I'm a trend lot.
Trend lot.
Nah, he's old news.
Plus, he's, uh, he's going to be next year's, he's going to be one of the cheerleaders for this pom-poms.
And next year's Super Bowl halftime shows what I'm hearing.
I like it a lot.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Forget this guy on the pole, Paul Rove.
Carl Rove.
I didn't get any votes though.
Most people don't even know who he is, but that's the whole thing.
If it wasn't for him behind everything, you know, you wouldn't have brought the trophy again with him.
OK, he's on there, man.
Have a great weekend.
Carl Rove.
He's a Rove in Maniac.
Get him on there.
Got it on.
We'll get it.
OK.
We're moving along.
Say this, sir.
Oh, and here's the big story.
Dick Kemphart endorsing John Curie's.
George Bush in these difficult, dangerous times on national security toe to toe.
We need a leader who can defeat George Bush in November in the general election.
Absolutely.
And we need a leader who we all know can walk into that old office tomorrow afternoon and be a great president of the United States.
Oh, right.
He carries nodding his head like, yeah, you're right.
That's me.
That leader is John Curie.
And I'm proud to endorse him to be the president of the United States of America.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
OK.
Oh, look at that.
No tongue action there, too.
They're hugging the kiss of an abrasive.
All the way.
Put that Madonna and Brittany Bisham.
OK, right now.
Wow.
I'm serious.
A new tongue action.
Wait till Michael Powell hears about this.
27 past 11 at your perverted station 560 QA with a worse signal in history of the, uh, business.
Right.
Local.
We're sports radio 560.
You a.
You a.
M.
You're.
Yeah.
So, the memo down.
You're driving too fast.
It's just a road.
And I'm down to my last.
But I'm spreading out and getting mellow.
Doot do do do.
Token a dude.
Without those shivings around, it's hard for sleep.
Are those for strokein' a cop after me?
What?
Who'd they want from this old city?
I'm just shittin' here.
Local and do me.
I'm a good.
I'm a good.
I'm a good.
I'm a good.
I'm a good.
I'm a good.
I'm a good.
29 till noon at 560.
Carl Rowe spells Carl.
I should point out with a K.
I just mentioned it in passing up.
If there's an Omen there as in Carl Marx.
Carl with a K.
I don't want.
We want to get our spelling right, Eric.
Was Jackson confession taped in the inquire an exclusive as usual?
These are the same people that told us about that Jesus Jews long before.
The rest of the mainstream media was telling us about it.
And all of most of the rest of this scandal too.
And also about the Rush Pill Poppin' and Wilman all those things.
Did Michael Jackson admit to the nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan that he molested a child?
And was the stunning confession caught on an audio tape without Jackson's knowledge?
A long time member of the nation of Islam.
Which they keep referring to as NOI which we'll call...
Oi!
Noi.
Makes the bombshell allegation that Jackson did confess and claims he obtained a copy of the incriminating tape.
Now the member who says he walked out of the controversial organization in mid-January after a 20-year involvement claims he's seeking protection from federal authorities the inquires learned exclusively.
And if the tape really has Jackson admitting to criminal misdeeds that ends up in the hands of prosecutors.
It could be the ultimate smoking gun that sends Jackson to jail.
The 45-year-old superstars pleaded not guilty to seven council-claiming ludaxes with a child of age of 14.
During an intense investigation the inquire came in contact with a former NOI member, nation of Islam, and met twice with them on the West Coast January 21 and 22.
The inquire was withholding the identity of the source because the man said he fears that the NOI would harm his family.
He claims he's presently working out a deal to have himself and his family placed in a witness protection program in exchange for providing information and federal authorities about his claims of blackmail and intimidation involving the African-American Muslim group.
In a telephone call with the inquire on January 27 he said that as part of his deal was turning over the alleged confession tape to officials from a federal agency he would not have identified.
They can have it because holding out of it is only going to bring them the NOI after me he said, I fear for my life and the lives of my family.
The source claims that the nation of Islam conspired to blackmail Jackson after the set of our redistricted attorney's office filed child monolestation charges against the single late last year.
The nation has an audio tape recording of Jackson admitting to Louis Ferrican that he sexually molested the young boy claims the source.
The tape was made in December 2003 when Jackson secretly flew to Chicago as mosque Miriam.
Remember Miriam?
No.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
And what's the NOI is it? It's like hell to try to kick them out his involvement with the NOI will ultimately destroy Michael Jackson says this professor
What little reputation is left will be irreparable
Inquire phone calls to mark your ghost and NOI spokesman Doron Muhammad
We're not returning therefore the inquire was not able to confirm the sources claims with them
Is there anybody in the NOI that's not named Muhammad? No, no
But a top criminal defensive attorney told the inquire that if the audio tape does turn out to be legitimate
It could be used by prosecutors in the case if Michael was in a room in Illinois and admits to the crime the people in the room
And doesn't know he's being taped then that tape is admissible in court LA defense attorney Steve Cron
Who's not involved in the Jackson case but is following closely told the inquire?
There is no expectation of privacy if you're sitting in a room you can surpecifically tape someone without their knowledge so stay tuned
In about a week or two they'll be telling you about this on a mainstream media as
As they point out here is their patten themselves on the back Jackson scoops are old news to readers of the inquire
Newspapers and TV news shows around the world made a big deal of the magazines opposed it scoop recently that Michael
Jackson gave wine to an underage boy and called it Jesus juice
But the inquire broke that story months ago
Which you heard on his show I should point out since the inquires are Bible in our issue dated December 16th
2003 we reported that the victim told a thorees jacko served him wine from a soda can and called it Jesus juice
There's the latest and the greatest 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
Inforize the wireless line. We need how many more names would have pulled about 50 on there keep occupied over the weekend
How is Osama Yamana doing?
Because you can be sure he's gonna give what's he got?
Yeah, he's got nine. He's moving up slowly, but surely he's climbing up that ladder
Always got a long climb to get near the top because the bushmeister's got a head start
443 votes and W if you haven't 232
WQA him. Hello
WQA him. Hello
QA him hola I'm very attracted to you. Well, I'm real happy for you the feeling you neutral bug off
WQA him. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I got one for your poll buddy. Okay?
Still Henry are you sure?
Are you sure are you sure? Okay, we're on a perfect Henry on air. Yeah, I guess so he certainly well a lot of people are pissed off
It and because all of a sudden he keeps falling off the right side of the bed
Even his wife is complaining that in the middle of the night he keeps rolling off the right side of the bed
Always the right side far right
Yeah, put him on there and what the hell okay? He don't mind
21 till noon at 560 WQA have the mad dogs you mad at you too the hump or at the world who are being
Golf tournament it's golf tournament George. Yeah, that was four to seven to seven new employees golf boring or was good
You know, it's Hank's making a few bucks. He gets out of that studio nice going hopper
Joe and Mark seven to ten tonight one of those pre-midnight those rare opportunities people have to hear their a crap between seven and ten to nine
Ed Kaplan ten to two and we got sporting news radio
Spurding through your radio two to six in the a.m
My
And look all this is four to five sixty
Yeah
Hey guys you want a cheer
Oh have rid me sit on your face. Welcome make that old act
me clear off when rid me sits on your face
Forget about your wife a girl for now. Neil and St. Grace
Better shave off that beard and stash their eggs pick up the pace
You're really gonna love it
It's on your face
Imagine the view of my man when
Really sits on your face
Man's over it looks like a crowd when
With me start sitting down
Oh
Imagine Britney's fears leaving her clothes all over your floor
Knowing it just a minute or two you're gonna score
Wipe off that dizzy
Be still before Britney sits on your face
Careful not to bite on you when
Britney sits on your face
Stop dreaming and clean up your face
Cuz she wants the brand new
In your dream absolutely 17 to noon at five sixty wqm
Happy Friday to you now to show you how desperate it's becoming
Talk about the dumbing down of America. It's just it's scary now. It's reached the point of insanity
Celebrity justice you know that website in that show see
I'm not gonna read the whole thing about Janet's revealing halftime show. What is it this?
After they halftime show it says moments later CB has narrowly avoided another violation
When they managed to keep a streaker off their air just before the second half kickoff would
World famous career streaker Mark Roberts stripped down to his G-string at the 30-yard line now
What yard line was that third man? Why would a guy in his G-string cause of violation? Is that also?
What was that mean?
I don't know is that pathetic
Yeah, they narrowly avoided another violation
In other words if we'd have seen this guy in his G-string all my well, maybe we would have seen in
Mass
Well, then for the ass during that commercial we saw mommy's ass with the 10 year old kids sitting at the breakfast table
Looking at mommy's ass as she was reaching up and recovered. Oh like old mother Hubbard. That's okay with the hot ass
He was tackled by Patriot Slimebacker Matt Chatham hog tied and carted off by security
But damage caused by the Janet and Justin countered already been done
Wait, wait till you hear this offended viewers flooded CBS and the Houston police department the phone calls
demanding that no
Demanding the criminal charges be brought against Jackson
But HP the officials quickly determined that no charges would be filed still
So let me just as learned the FCC's investigating which came near the close of a busy day for federal watchdogs earlier Sunday
LA Lakers star Shrikil O'Neal went off on an R-rated tie right after his team's victory over Toronto
But whether or not the commission will take action that case remains to be seen and
The FCC has yet to decide what to do about Nicole Richie's four-letter frenzy last year's billboard awards
And they initially decided not to find Bono Yadi-adi
etc. But they're gonna look at that again
Oh
Good god. It's just where is you out? You know America grow up like you people most of you said over half and a pull
We took a few days ago grow up already will you?
Jesus effing Christ man, they called the police they called the Houston police department because Justin
Yanked that thing off Janet's TV. What what what did they report?
Uh straight away press right away booby
Well, that's why they call it the booby tooby
Oh
God and
Over at Warner Brothers
After receiving assurances of support from enter NBC entertainment and news president Jeff Zucker
producers of ER were shocked to learn yesterday that the breast-reveening scene would be cut in the art show last night
Corn to a source NBC affiliates went over zuckers head to complain that in view of the Jackson incident
They believe they would get a big fat indecency fine director
Washington if they heard a split-second corner shot during a 10 p.m. medical drama
This is a 10 o'clock at night keep in mind in which an 80-year-old woman shirt is ripped off so doctors can give her emergency treatment
Uh, like I said, I just want to fall on the floor make guttable sounds
In consultation with our affiliate board we've asked the yard to remove the shot the GE division said in a statement
Though we continue to believe the shot is appropriate and in context we would have heard after 10 30 p.m
Eastern Pacific time is when it would have been on we have unfortunately concluded that the atmosphere created by this week's events
Have made it too difficult for any of our affiliates to air this at after 10 30 at night
It would have been on not in that family of viewing time
Which is what the excuse they gave her the Super Bowl on that hoopla when little children were tuned in 10 30 at night
He has executive producer John Wells responded angrily in the statement while the unexpected exposure of Miss Jackson's
Breast during the Super Bowl halftime show was inappropriate and deplorable on a broadcast intended for viewers of all ages
ER's incidental exposure at an L-loathing woman's breast in the context of a medical trauma is not comparable no Schmidt
Basically what he's saying that some a saggy old 80-year-old woman's a boob is not comparable to Janet Jackson's what a revelation, huh? Oh my god
shocking
Grow up America before it's too late your sons and daughters are dying based on lies a halfway around a fricking world
And you ran and and what's the far right these lunatics worried about is a little Vitty Titty
I never did play that yesterday. I got into that well. I will today, but well, I always still can
Probably duffle come running. Oh gee you're about to say Titty sure we can
See it's like everything else. It's all right. He hates that Titty stuff
What a pity he don't always Titty. I'm telling you right now
What does he know about Titty's huh? He said what he said to me before the show on Monday more. So what was that thing?
I said that was a broob. Oh my god. He said never so one of those before
Anyway, oh after after well, that's right. We got a few minutes here
I'm getting ahead of myself just slow down just relax because I know we got a lot of really good calls to get in today
5670560 we should have many more names on his list, but they just they're not their minds that their hearts aren't it you know, we still
Maybe they figured they just can't compete with the top. We've got such a good list the very strong
roster
The biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is
481 we'll have 500 votes by noon adding too bad
We won't make no thousand today though Josh. Don't get off here either way. We'll never make a thousand today
I just want you to be prepared for that. Okay, and we'll probably destroy your whole weekend
George W. Bush 249
Rush Limbaugh 69 how appropriate man
Michael Jackson 54 as in car 54 where are you let's play some more than show to
Thees just to piss off that you're making me you're gonna say show titties
No, I was not as a matter of fact. Okay. I was gonna say show tunes. Oh, oh, well, you know me
Michael power 22 dig chainy 22 Osama Yamama is moving up very strong now
He's coming on. He got it. We got left in the gate at the start, but he's making a big move
In fact, even talk off his burka
Don the not in 21 rumsfeld 16 just in tinkerbells got a dozen
Janet Jackson's got five and a lot of people want to see the other four
Kind of leases got three
Carl rove three
Wayne hyping has got appear Arnold Schwarzenegger's got two cool and pal one and no votes yet for Dan marino or
Feel hungry. Are you sure? I just looked at it. I just took a peek at it
Oh, somebody of hope for him because they're they're disgusted and nauseated
With somebody that we used to really like a lot
But you know you find out what a person's really all about when the push comes to shove, you know when it's really all online
I'm how quick they sell out
I was speaking to selling out this is one of my favorite stories in history, but we ought to take call or two first Q a.m
Hello
Yes, sir
Put it back in your pants, schmuck
WQM. Hello
Yeah, I have a name for the poll. Yes, sir
You can either lump them with his idiot brother or you can use them along
Governor Jeb Bush the worst governor we've had the 30-year-old Jeb Bush is magnificent. Thank you so much sir
Okay, and have a great weekend. How will we leave him off of there? Yeah, that's Reverend Bush to you by the way. Yeah
Reverend Jeb Bush
5670560 pound I told you this list would grow but nice and slowly we can stretch it out
Yeah, it grows some just don't let anybody see it, but stretch it out
WQM hello
Yeah, yes, sir
Yeah, I'm sick to kneel speaking
kneel yeah, how are you okay? The reason why Ben Laden cannot be found is because he's hiding at the Bush ranch
WQM hello
WQM hello
Yes, sir
I
That shipment came in you see always comes in when we least expected nobody ever tells us bastards
Where do I get on the list for that? George would like to share
In fact, you know past maybe that's why Moe was out this morning who's getting his share see everybody gets theirs
Everybody gets it on except us
WQM hello
WQM hello
WQM hello
Hello, yes, sir
How you doing great great I grieve Phil Henry put him on the list that's my vote yeah, what what a disappointment and
This is not a joke but you know the kind of Lisa has a super tanker a chevron super tanker named after her does she really?
Yeah, if you are a fashion I read it somewhere. I'll try to look it down if Dr. Dittel area is there is a call the doctor rice super tanker
No kind of Lisa
Dr. Rice Dr. Kanda Lisa super tanker okay. Thank you the good news pal. What are we talking about you know? We're talking about yes
You do that's ancient I never heard that before see I learned something
Do I care? No
10 worst corporations of 2003 by Russell Moekeeper and Robert Weisman
For they well Robert Moekeeper or whatever's name is editor of the Washington DC based corporate crime reporter
Robert Weisman editor of the Washington DC based multinational monitor their co-authors of
Corporate predators the hunter mega profits and the attack on democracy. So already we like them a lot
2003 was not a year of garden variety corporate wrongdoing know the sheer variety reach in
intricacy of corporate schemes scandal and crimes was spelled binding not an easier to pick the 10 worst companies for sure but
multinational monitor magazine cannot be deterred by such complications
So here follows an alphabetical order our list for multinational monitor of the 10 worst corporations of 2003
It's a magnificent list
starting with
Bayer oh absolutely
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone right
2003 maybe remember this the year of the headache at Bayer
Which we applaud
In May the company agreed to plead guilty to a criminal count and pay more than 250 million dollars to resolve allegations
That it denied Medicaid discounts to which it was entitled
The company was beleaguered
Beliegered with litigation related to its anti-clestral drug bay call
They are pulled a plug which is linked to sometimes fatal muscle disorder from the market
But is facing thousands of suits from patients of alleged they were harmed by the drug
In June the New York Times reported on internal company memos which appeared to show that the company continued to promote the drug
Even as its own analysts had revealed the dangers of the product
Bayer of course denies the allegations just like they probably have done making that poison gas during WW2
Bayer it's a gas
That's number one
Number two
Boeing
I knew that was coming in one of the greatest schemes of corporate welfare and recent memory
Boeing engineered a deal whereby the Pentagon released tanker planes
767th that be fuel fighter planes in the air from Boeing the price tag of 27.6 billion dollars was billions more than a cost of simply buying the planes
The deal may unravel though because the company in November filed for wrong doing both the employer that negotiated the contract for Boeing
The company's chief financial officer and the employer that negotiated the contract for the government
How could Boeing fire a Pentagon employee simple she was no longer a Pentagon employee
Boeing had hired her shortly after the company clinched the deal
Start to see these things put together the piece of the puzzle just like Billy tozen down there in Louisiana and his friends and the pharmaceutical companies
Company number three the worst of the year and I don't know who they are at Brighthouse. Have you heard that nope?
A new AG advertising consulting strategic advice company Brighthouse has claimed to infamy is its
Neuros Strategies Institute which undertakes research to see how the brain responds to advertising campaigns
In a cutting edge effort to extend and sharpen the commercial reach in ways never previously before possible
The institute is using MRIs to monitor activity and people's brains triggered by ads
Okay
In fact, I think they got Sheridan on passions is all tied up the machine Sheridan gets the juice again today big time sports where they've made
Wow, it is a beautiful thing
Clear channel. Oh, I'm gonna squeeze myself as I read this one
One of the 10 worst corporations of 2003 cheap channel the radio BM off clear channel specializing in consuming or squashing
locally owned radio stations imposing a homogenized music playlist on once interesting stations and offering cultural support for US imperial adventures
It is also compiled a record of repeated law breaking
According to our colleague Jim Donahue violating the law including prohibitions on deceptive advertising and on broadcasting
Conversations without obtaining permission of the second party to the conversation. I'm 36 separate occasions over the previous three years
Not to mention of course the bookkeeping problems that they were recently fine for and the 755 grand that they were fine for for indecency
I've to mention those things of course
Next one is die-bold
Oh
There's just some good ones on here, but I think we better do the break because I don't want to like rush to all of these
Did you say rush? Don't want to do that
Four minutes to noon at 560 QAM
This mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
All right
That
For
Oh
They said
They said it's the one who gets.
Now they have only one that they did say the word.
Don't forget about the song we got up.
Now we're all talking and saying we got up.
We won't let time get so long we got up.
Where is this my King?
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to do to me.
Can't get any gumbo but a home party called a day.
You believe what they say like the God.
I am a fool as they do.
The spirit stands for the cool and true.
All the election art we got up.
Push it down in the game we got up.
Hit the money on me we got up.
Top known at 560 WQM Giman is a two the Humper at the Golf thing at 4.
It's in Mark 7 of 10.
10 more corporations in 2003 you know during the break there which is a very short break because our sales department is busy doing screw in back on her desktops.
I heated up some water I thought in my microwave friend of the nice cup of tea you thought I thought.
But and I played that I went in the other room in my kitchen
I thought well this is great I got like 10 seconds left on there and I watched the countdown and I opened up the microwave and I pulled out an empty cup
Oh, there's a little bit of a hurry
That's good you save the step. I just forgot the water
Anyway, let's see we got bear Boeing Brighthouse Clear Channel. Tybald is next a
North Canton Ohio based company
That's one of the largest US voting machine manufacturers and an aggressive pedler of its electronic voting machines
DiBold is managed to demonstrate that it fails any reasonable test to qualify for cases for involvement with the voting process
It's CEO has worked as a major fundraiser for President Bush
Computer experts revealed serious flaws in its voting technology and activists show how careless it was with confidential information
It's written lawsuits against activists who published on the internet documents from the company showing its failures
next
Halle Burton now the owner of the company which initially drafted plans for privatization of US military functions
Plans drafted during the Bush one administration when current vice president former Halle Burton CEO Dick Cheney was secretary of defense
Halle Burton is pulling in billions in revenues for contract work providing logistical support ranging from oil to food in Iraq
Tens of millions at least appear to be overcharges some aim will say the charges for oil provision to mount to highway robbery and of course the meals and yada yada yada
health south
15 of its top executives have pledged guilty in connection with a multi-billion dollar scheme to defraud investors the public and the US government about the company's financial condition
The founder and CEO of the company that runs a network of outpatient surgery diagnostic imagery and rebuilds
Affair healthcare centers Richard Scrochie is fighting the charges
But thanks to the slick maneuvering of attorney Bob Bennett appears the company itself will get off scot free
No indictments no pleas no fines no probation no tiki no washi
In a med the California based companies sought FDA approval for silicone breast implants
Even though it wasn't able to present long-term safety data the very thing that led to the FDA to restrict sales of silicone in plants a decade ago
In light of what remains unknown or what is known about the implants, including painful breast hardening
Which can lead to deformity in very high rupture rates the FDA in January
2004 denied in a meds application for marketing approval. Thank the Lord Merrill Lynch
This company keeps messing up fresh off a 100 million dollar fine levy because analysts were recommending stocks that they trashed in private emails
The company saw three former execs indicted for shady dealings with and Ron
The company itself managed to escape with something less than a slap on a wrist no prosecution in exchange for
Oversight now that was they're looking over their shoulder and they're laughing good and last but not least
Although we don't have them in San Florida safe way you heard of them sure shop there often you did I have in Montana and
Altware sure one of the largest US grocery chains
Safeway is leading the charge to demand kick a givebacks from striking and locked out grocery workers in Southern California along with Albertsons and Ralph's
Which is a part of the Kroger chain safeways bonds and pavilion stores are asking employees to start paying for a major chunk of their health insurance
Under the company's proposals workers and their families will lose four to six thousand dollars a year in health insurance benefits
So there are the ten worst corporation in 2003 and other say left easily off we're probably a bubbling under
Small pitay beer Boeing
Brighthouse cheap channel die-bold Haliburton Health South in a med Merrill Lynch and Safeway
What is that scumbag Joseph Peter Smith on authorities went to arrest him let's go nail his ass
It's an unrelated drug charge so of course, Brad you see probably behind me
There's some flowers and some teddy bears and people walking around with Carly ribbons on themselves
I'm glad they found him but today also find those tablets that he's been hiding in Sarasota
560 560 560 on a 18 T and T and Verizon line
Biggest asshole of the new millennium so far is and we got a very impressive list
I'm sure we can add some we'll probably get like two or three more real calls between now and two aren't you think maybe one two
WQM hello
Not yet. There's one no
WQM hello
Neil yes sir for the poll Dennis Miller Dennis Miller is a magnificent choice
He wasn't funny 10 years ago. He's not funny now. He couldn't be a sportscaster
What better qualifications to be a talking head on a news channel now on a right wing news channel right how to Fox news miss him
Thanks, Polly. All right. Thanks
Dennis Miller. He'll get a lot of votes
Osama your mom has moving up steadily though, but I don't know this will be up there all weekend this pool
So he's got a shot. You know Osama's got a shot perfectly between the eyes
560 560
0.560 on a 8 in my microwave is like beat the second time in North that means more water. No
That means it's done dummy come and give me well you whistle a tunnel take me like 10 seconds
There we go
Plus that after a few seconds they're giving the right wingers the ditto heads and opportunity to have plenty of time to turn over to IOD and hear rush
Rush
Let's hear the inside story the Clintons are still murdering people everywhere in fact
I wouldn't be surprised it was the Clintons that done it and so are so not that guy
If you dog has diarrhea it the Clintons did it
560 560 I don't think I've ever well maybe I have
Done that before and of course the bad part of it is when you grab the handle of your cup
Especially when you headed the microwave for two and half minutes before the water was in there it tends to be just a little on the warm side
WQM. Hello
And back at you WQM. Hola
Hello. Yes sir. Hey, yeah, can you put
That asshole that just killed that little girl on your pole Joseph Smith, okay? That's a good choice right there
Let's go get him in yeah, man
Care what's his last name though? What do you mean by that? I thought it was Joseph Smith something no it is I don't know
I don't think so Joseph Smith yeah
Joseph Smith Bush
I'll tell you they're killing me then bushes. No, I don't believe so Joseph Smith is good enough
How about Sarah so we better put Sarah soda murderer in parentheses?
Otherwise, they'll think we're talking about Joseph Smith. We'll get the Mormons all been on the shape
I don't want to get my buddy Donnie Osman upset. What?
What do I want to do that? No, so let's say do that Sarah soda. How are we want to say?
560 705 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and for eyes on wireless line WQM. Hello
Yes, sir. I don't know if you happen is the
Rumshell getting grilled a couple days ago, but a little bit of it. Yeah, Levin and your buddy Levin there with the glasses
Yeah, what was bipolar glasses. Yeah, but yeah
But you know hey, because it goes to some day they they they're rake them over the coals and they fumbled and stumbled and
the as usual tap dance and dance round everything
But it was I love what the new line is now and of course the media is letting him get off the hook with the net is
Well, even if they never had any of these weapons of mass destruction
He was a bad guy and we still do the right thing. I mean duh. What is that?
But the world's full of bad guys. Yeah, right and my most most of them are bad guys that we stuck in there
including him
Good good. You see it to border
560 705 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and for eyes on wireless line
Oh, there's Colin Powell. He's saying the same thing now after they took him out to the woodshed
It's a solid intelligence base when we presented a case to the United Nations in September year before last
The
Totally justified right see now. This is really interesting how they've really whipped him into shape
I think they made him an offer that he couldn't refuse. Toby couldn't they
5 670 560 560 on the AT&T
What's that? I'll replay that you know. That's okay
Well worth seeing again. Yeah, good. Say you know the right thing. He was a bad guy
He a store freight trainer too and for that reason
WQM hello
QAM hola
You need to include some fair and balanced angles to your list there like say
Ann Colter is Sean Hannity or Bill Riley
That's a three good ones
Okay, thank you so much. Ann Colter and Bill Riley who is the other one Sean Hannity. Yeah, let's put all three of money
I'll tell you well now he doesn't get too many votes because nobody know who's he we don't want to pick on Miss Fudge now that that guy talked about his book
I didn't know he had a book don't they all I guess everybody wrote a book except me
I'm gonna start writing it right now. It's gonna be all about Greg Reilly. All these people go straight the books
You don't have to do any work somebody ask you a few questions. They write you get a check. There you go sounds excellent rush did it?
Stern all these other people. Yeah, but those are like big fish in the big pond. I'm like a little teeny tiny fish on the station with
A little signal. It's stereo though. We got an international audience on the website. That's right
WQM hello
QA and yeah, can I talk to Neil? Where you call from? I'm calling from Wellington. Let's go to Wellington. Hello
Hey Neil
One day I asked you quite I'm a patriot fan. All right. Hey, there was a game. Wasn't there all right? All right
That was again. I am from Boston, but I just want to tell you a quick little story and I don't like to you know
Car one Sean talk I call I'm driving the other day in this
Genius that son after you is saying how this riding and fires and horrible things happening in the city of Boston. Yeah
So I called yesterday. What?
Well, there was one horrific
Automobile accident. We're a and SUV drove
Into a young call. He backed up. He backed up through a crowd of people and they were fires
I saw it myself with my own pre-eyes on
You know don't ever compare Boston itself. Florida. I
Sir I lived in Boston for two years. I love Boston, but that doesn't mean that there aren't barbaric assholes in Boston because there are
No, of course there are but it's not what you find it. What are you trying to say? Why are you picking up my good buddy the mad dog because he told like it was probably got an IQ of minus six
I mean I don't listen to him. Well, he's got you beat by 15 points
Go back to Boston. Okay, I'm straight with your boss. Go back to Harvard Square
Schmuck go back to Kenmore Square
Jesus
See then we want to talk about the game. This is what really gets me
He's all uptight now Boston is light light years at a south Florida
The only problem is there a bunch of blue nose assholes. They're in some other assholes
They want to censor this and censor then it's everything is banned in Boston
In fact that this guy was probably banned in Boston, which is why he went up in south Florida. Right loser
That sucks here. That's why he's here
That's right. That's why he's in south Florida right now because it sucks so much
He at least I'm out there. I'm on a air there is sir
I stay out of there as much as possible because it's filled with too many people like you miserable nasty rotten full
I hate full of crap man just in a minute and a half he speed so much crap there
We all saw the story it was in there. I mean, you know
Maybe somebody can read it to you out of the newspaper out of the Boston globe
Or the weekly reader providence passed known at 560 WDQA and Valentine's Day is this Saturday
It is oh
This is for next week. Oh, oh, jeez. I can't believe they just made this
Saturday. Oh, no. Well, this is not the right. Oh, no. Now. This is for next week. So I bet you I schmit can the copy for today. Oh, no
No, I know I did
Yeah, one thing about being a little bit too efficient Steve. Well, you're a good guy
But now you're getting a little bit carried away. I know tonight's the big 40th anniversary celebration at Pompano Park
Now sure wish I had that copy
God dang
I threw it out because I got this while Duff was in there going on about the Jamaican lady
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba, and like that, and so I got next week's copy
Well tonight is the 40th anniversary celebration of Pompano Park is all kinds of great stuff going on post-m
705 now for next week. I mean, I just I don't have it
My bad and they're bad to me. I mean cut the crap. Well, that stay right on here points for 2-9 to 11
I've tried I blame you too choice to add for these in idiot
Valentine's Day is a week from tomorrow. Pompano Park Racing and Cardroom and Pompano Beach is a great couple special in the top of the park
restaurant. Now you got some advanced knowledge some time to plan. For just $79.99 you'll get a full
course dinner for two including shrimp cocktail, seafood scabbing, a free bottle of Corbell champagne,
plus there'll be live music throughout the evening. You'll have great seats to enjoy the racing
action. There'll be three flowers and prize drawings just for the ladies and for the kids,
free minutes, your horse rides, seven to eight PM next Saturday, week from tomorrow. On the
racetrack Valentine's Day is the opening round of the $250,000 Alec pre-pacing series with top
horses from all across the country, plus the annual sweetheart pace featuring only women drivers.
I bet to be far more won't be there. On Friday next week the feature of end will be the opening
round of the $125,000 Mac Low Bell trotting series. And like I said tonight is the 40th
anniversary celebration. I'm going to dig into my schmit can here and get up the stuff I'll
mention later on too, because I don't want to sell our goods for insured. They might not let
Fred Ritchie for free no more. Located just a half mile from both I-95 and a floor to turn,
Pike Pompadopark is easy to get to and best of all Pompadopark offers you free admission and free
general park in every day. Live harness racing in the Polk Room open every Monday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, like the night and Saturday too. At Pompadopark, Polk Room starts noodle midnight.
Leveracing gets underway at nightly 7.05 PM. Call Pompadopark for more information 9.5.4.972.2000
or check them on the weathertompadopark.com. Don't forget to make 40th anniversary celebration.
Lots of good stuff going on tonight at Pompadopark.
I was gonna get up and find the boom but then I got hot.
Loud at my room I still messed up and I know why, why,
I'm very angry because like I have, because like I have, because like I have,
I was gonna go to class before I got hot. Come on, y'all. Check it out.
I could have cheated and I could have passed but I got hot.
I'm taking a next semester and I know why I'm not.
Because like I have, because like I have, because like I have.
I was gonna go to court before I got hot.
I was gonna pay my child support but then I got hot.
No you went, loud at, thanks to the whole paycheck, and I know why, why really,
Hey, hey, hey, cuz I got her, cuz I got her, cuz I got her, cuz I got her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her
her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, she Ready Home dishes in a bowl egg
My keys, you white, like a la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I'll be I'll know why I'm alive, you get it for me, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high
I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I
I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I
I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I
I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I'm high, cause I
I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I
love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it.
campaign the underlying issue is nothing new for us broadcasters
there is been this dynamite in culture wars the idea of what is appropriate and
what is not appropriate in the public your ways and it's been sitting around
waiting for a long time to go off said mr. Thompson how do you like that
accuse
so the bomb went off baby
smell it
was either the bomber may be just in court when he ate that thing up
you may have some motion
I think he cuts a bad cheese and why does he talk black all of a sudden or did he always
oh because he's he's it may he's it he's a little fancy man he's a little butterfly
just in all of America's looking at you and are going bye bye bye
get lost take a hike soon as John Kerry would say don't let the door hit you
in the ass on the way out so John Kerry gets endorsed by him who wasn't
or by dick dick a good boy this morning that's a good one it's a good union
thing you know to get about the union people still like he's a pawn of that
mean he's a very popular with unions and Kerry has pulled in 62% of Michigan
going into the big do caucus tomorrow see I this whole thing with some states
have caucuses and primaries some states just have caucuses some states have
just primaries they it's all a pile of crap and you wonder why so many people
are interested in that one it can be all exercised about Janice to the biggest
asshole of the new millennium so far is George W Bush is hanging on to a very
strong lead 297 50.3% over half of you said that out of 590 almost 600 votes
Rush Limbaugh 78 Michael Jackson 60 Osama Yamama who is the late addition and we
apologize for that 47 we got one we give a little handicap there Michael
Powell 25 Dick Cheney 25 Donald Rumsfeld 19 just in Tinkerbell 14 Carl
Roe with the K's got six Janet Jackson five kind of Lisa three Arnold three
Danny Marino's got two that's disrespectful as my dog would say it's got two
Wayne Heisinga two Dennis Miller one Colin Powell one Joseph Smith see I think
we're gonna put the murder over there but these only got one we were supposed to
put Eric didn't hear it get with it maybe John Hannan he's got one and no votes
yet for Jeb Bush Bill O'Reilly and
Coulter you see how that spelled K-A-L-T-E-R
Colton you don't have any votes or Jeb Bush and Phil Henry you still got the big
up are you sure positive 27 past noon at 560 Q-A-M
fours radio five six eight two A-M
it's day if I am a town at five six O-W-Q-A-M
in celebration of Black History Month CBS television proudly presents 16
average Americans are abandoned in the middle of one of the most unforgiving places on earth
it's survivor Compton who will survive the drive by voting as the two tribes
and my baby daddy's
complete for the immunity bling bling and not get voted off the hood
the pilot by a two and a half white man on CBS
1231 at 560 W-Creamin I'm just thinking to myself I got a whole bunch of stuff here but I don't
want to sit here read for an hour and a half okay and probably what's your name is listen
are you making a friend yeah and she was so distraught that we didn't finish with all the TV
themes yesterday that's right that's what I just reached over here for my big pilot E-C-D
huh but we didn't come close to finishing did we no absolutely not so for whatever her name is
Rostoli yeah oh yeah I'm gonna stick some of these back in here again because we just we've only
begun to apply this crap well and you know what the one I really like is the one the TV classics
yeah the one that's got like some of the live some of the old commercials that some of these people
did you know the one I'm talking about yeah for example well wait a minute let me give you a sample
it's queuing up just relax don't get off don't get all panic I think it's queuing up
maybe it's gonna rip it up boom boom Ranger
I
was
I remorse with a speed of light a cloud of dust and a hearty high your silver the lone Ranger
why thought it was gonna be about Pete Lenny there they're lone a Ranger
so sure it's good that we don't have to see him anymore isn't it
oh oh it's really fun although we'd rather have him back and get rid of Todd
wreck any day of the week I'll say to that so we'll get into some more of those just to piss off
that one lady so she can calm up again on Monday oh gee I didn't do like that one then that was
so bad that poll question was so I didn't like that neither and I bet you cash money she's on the
phone right now with my I'm off probably out to lunch I bet you cash money on that yeah the big
meeting this morning at about 8 30 said somebody just want to kind of talk things over and see what
hell was going on he said well I should be the last one to tell that well he's a little bit out
of a loop these days yeah he's doing his fruit loops McCain will serve on the pre-war intelligence
panel that's the good news out of these of course the president's picking them that's the bad
the bad news and the even worse bad news is that we're not gonna fight out about their investigation
until after the election right I mean what if they finished by like say November 1st of this year
or by October 25th and they say oh my god we found out oh no way we don't want to be injected
no politics into your revelations we want to make sure we can try to fix it again and get him in
there and then we'll like water it down to make some death threats and things like that and it'll
be just like with George's tent the other day but it'd be better but well you know things like that
rice and probe looks for truckers for help you see this nope now maybe we'll have some
happier because obviously the FBI and all of our police agencies across America can do nothing
with the anthrax probe how many years has that been now it's getting two and a half years right
or so yeah since the anthrax business right there in Lentana it started and then kind of spread
to DC and elsewhere have no result we didn't have that person of interest though who's like we
destroyed but other net not too good so in a nationwide hunt for the person who sent rice and
through the mail uses the name fallen angel federal officials have sought help from trucker
talk radio shows and web chat sites that have attracted heated debate about trucker safety regulations
that took effect January 4th them truckers man they're on and we got a lot of truckers listen to this
show we got no rice and law enforcement officials say they've also begun scouring the rosters of
trucking companies nationwide try to develop leads from a flimsy set of clues I hadn't even heard
about this you know the clues that they got no in a type note left along with a small
file of rice in the mail facility in Greenville South Carolina in the October which they had
told us about until a couple days ago the perpetrators claimed to be a fleet owner of a tank
company with easy access to caster pulp from which the deadly poison rice and is made a second
letter now why didn't they tell us that right off the bat when bill first was up there by the
beat but it went by why didn't they tell us that right away don't ask questions a second letter
retrieved November 6th from a mail facility that serves the White House contained an identical
letter and a similar file of rice and powder authorities revealed that mailing this week after
rice and was discovered the office of a cemetery in the bill first so our resistance been going
on since October and then again November here it is almost the middle of February last week of
the request of the FBI and Department of Transportation Dale Summers no relation to Suzanne
Summers or Aaron host of the property of truck and bozo radio show broadcast out of Cincinnati
it's the old truck and bozo show spent three nights on the air appealing to the person who
planted the rice and package of the facility near the Greenville Spartanburg International Airport
Summers City was contacted by FBI agents in Greenville including Martin Brown who's heading
to the vestigation nearby Heather Hollowwell with the Transportation Department Inspector General's
Office in Washington who asked that he broadcast information about a hundred thousand dollar reward
posted for information leading to winter rest. Tom O'Neill spoke to him for the FBI office in
Columbia South Carolina said agents have been following trucker websites and trucker oriented
radio programs including summer show and another popular radio show hosted by Seattle Cowboy Bill
Mack it's the truck and bozo and the Seattle Cowboy. Yeah here Max producer Ken Johnson said the
show is mentioned the rice and matter but not focused discussions on it. Summer said the message
left in Greenville which warned federal authorities not to expand the time truckers must spend
resting in sleep or birds for me to 10 hours makes it clear the person is either a trucker or
someone is affected by these new rules and if Michael Powell will forgive me maybe he's a mother trucker
can I say that? No like I said I'm bigger for giving this place. I didn't mean that.
I don't want to play these but well you work I know.
I'm so careful about that. This is my gland. This is one of the many Americans who believe in
education47 starring and read.
on the label
I make damages
nice
already
that
unfortunately
is
Time for a ring analysis
How were you guys thinking?
Maybe it was good.
What?
This is The Album cho
The Album cho
The parts of Tickly Conner love the album show.
There's games to fill, and why is war?
There's a final game, as long as me is no...
I guarantee one thing if our Jamaican friend wasn't on the phone before, you're right.
She's, she's ringing at the, you can feel the heat from that phone line right now, it's burning up.
She's pissed.
This is Clint Eastwood.
It's one of junior friends and choose a career of patriotism.
You'll bring honor to yourself and win the admiration of the entire free world.
This is Clint Eastwood saying, so long the best of luck.
See you tomorrow.
Bye bye.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
This is Clint Eastwood.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of it.
Oh, we're fine.
Jimmy.
Oee!
Rastavny.
Rastaju.
Rastavla.
Rastaju.
Rastaju.
Yes, my Rastaju.
I think every fucking audience this weekend I'll spoke a big fat one in honor of Bob Marley
who's birthday would have been today.
I'm gonna slow too.
Ross demand him so.
Anyway, so Miguel finally came through as in Smoke 2.
Here you go.
Did he just bring this in?
No, he phoned it in.
Did he really?
What does that mean?
Where is he hanging?
It is office.
Hahaha.
Oh.
Otherwise he doesn't want to be involved with us anymore.
Or less.
Well that's way it goes.
And don't forget if you want to contact Miguel, just contestatneorages.com as the website.
For example, if you got any of your best stuff stuff late the last five or six years.
Anyway, hot couples contest the date system in entries now through next Friday December 13.
You can vote for the hottest couple that will have on our website the following week starting
the week of February 16.
Email those pictures to contestatneorangers.com.
No messages, not a crap.
That's just a joke.
Unless of course.
Now the couple with the most votes wins their choice of one of these prizes.
Trip for two to heat nisman Jamaica with food and booze included that one.
Or Trip for two to the Royal Oasis Casino in Bahamas which includes airfare but no food or booze.
So you choose and then the second place couple gets whatever trip be left over they get sloppy seconds.
And third place prize dinner for two with the pizza love all contest rules on our website.
Neorages.com which QA months absolutely nothing to do with and we're proud of that.
Well please because it's disgusting and filthy and pornographic and of course they're very upright in their sports.
Which is why we have those long long ponderous promos.
Oh brother and there's no way you can get through to that kid.
You know this clearance guy he's just hopeless.
Promos by homos.
That's what it's all about long.
I mean one of these days they'll be playing like a whole quarter of a game back.
I'm telling you we got the middle level management guys and they sit around together.
What can we do to upset Neor because he's the anti sports guy.
So let's put a bunch of sports play by play on the promos that go on forever.
Promos from the homos.
Anyway.
How are D raised 700 grand in one day?
Did you know on the internet?
No.
After his appeal he needed all that Monday competing Wisconsin.
So don't count him out quite yet.
I mean close but keep your arm up in here for the final count.
But you never know.
That's the good.
I'm gonna be like the two sold and it's a scientific test.
True.
Lucky strike is milder than any other principal brand of cigarettes.
That fact is purified by an independent consulting laboratory with more than 15 years experience in cigarette research.
Let your own taste and throat be the judge.
For smoothness and wildness there's never a rough puff and a lucky strike.
Yes prove to yourself what scientific tests prove.
Lucky strike is milder than any other principal brand of cigarettes.
Get a carton of luckies today.
All right.
Now you know what that means, Ocher?
LSNFT?
Lucky Strike means fine tobacco?
No I did not know that.
Now you do.
Lucky Strike presents your Hitful Aid.
The Lucky Seven Songs of the Week with Jeff Wark, Hiley Wilson.
The Hitful Aid is an Raymond Scott and the Lucky Strike Orchestra.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Here he comes.
Here comes the racer.
He's a demon on wheels.
He's a demon and he's gonna be...
Never see a speed racer?
Yeah.
You did?
Are you kidding me?
Come on.
What are you talking about?
Bokey Bryant coming to PG?
First of all, you're Wednesday in your schedule lady.
America is asking you to call me.
Oh!
Drive your schedule lady.
I know I can't put in things that you've done as usual.
I'm doing it at number two, she's still there.
I'm doing this the greatest land of all.
On a highway road along the levee.
She's not gonna think about it.
The life is some pleader in a Chevy.
So make a thing today to see the UFA and see it in your schedule lady.
For out of...
What are we doing?
The great Jembackers.
I love Jembackers.
Oh!
Yeah.
With this stethoscope, doctors can find out if they've got a heartbeat.
This is Dr. Jimmy Durant.
He's saying, if the doctors can't find your heartbeat, it's a fantastic stroke.
And now I gotta go and use this stethoscope to see if my agent has a heartbeat.
Yes!
Yes!
Now what I'm taking, what I'm taking,
I'm gonna kill this again, killing the food.
La la la la la la sing a happy song.
La la la la la sing a happy song.
I don't tell me you watch this, Smurfs.
Yeah, are you talking to me or John?
Yes!
Along with me!
I'm gonna Smurfs, die!
Die!
Yes!
Hi, this is Matt King Cole.
Now that there's just you and just me, I've got a confession to make, my friend.
Yeah.
Put those cigarettes down there, put those cancer sticks down there.
Oh, Jesus.
This is all ugly way.
Do you know, pack in those days in the 50s?
Probably in the 60s, too, but especially in the 50s.
Like Gary Moore and that King Cole, there were a lot of these guys who were like really heavy-duty smokers like two pack,
or two pack ones in the middle.
But, and they used to smoke on air, it was very commonplace.
Everybody did.
I love Lucy, they were smoking constantly.
Everybody, that's right.
Lucy, does he smoke it on air?
We'll see him no more.
That's cigarette box right there on the coffee table.
Oh.
Weirdly.
Please, please, say it's not right.
Oh.
Gary Portnoy.
What's his complaint?
The early heck won't happen.
Jesus.
Maybe for your time, Mr. Wrathheader, right now.
What question?
You know what it is?
I mean, they could clue white people claiming black folks.
I'm looking at every shot, nothing.
Amosinine.
But we better not play too much of that.
New heart.
Very good.
Wow, don't you?
Bob Newhaidus.
Before you know they left the sponge in the Jack Park.
Here, uh, opened a bytastory, a 1998.
And it opened a sponge in it, and then like, uh, he had a stroke.
And a little mildly.
And then I was in an 80s.
Nice going, doctors.
Hootiers.
Hello again.
This is Jack Benny.
Sounds like Gregory.
Yep.
We are going to explore the world of Golden Television.
A We As Performer shared with you the creative best in our lives.
You saw the performers in your own big ugly glass picture tube.
But one of the reasons both radio and television were able to provide free entertainment of the highest caliber
was the advertisers who paid the bills.
From television city in Hollywood, the Jack Benny program.
Never fed Donald Wilson.
Stand daily, Kirk Douglas.
Yes, Fred McBerry.
And Dr. Mark London Dick Powell.
Presented by Lucky Strike.
But that Lucky Strike was all over the place, you know.
It's right there's so many dead people now.
There you go.
Put puffin' on the Kansas Dix.
I love the sound of your work you say.
I like this a whole lot.
Yay.
Ha ha ha ha.
Maybe it was those pipes.
I can't believe it myself.
Suddenly I'm upon top of the world.
Should have been somebody else.
Believe it or not.
I'm poking on air.
I never thought I could feel so.
Now do we have to go through the thing again about how you stay up to play that on the air?
It was a just jerky when you were jock.
No one's nuts.
Huh?
That was a jack in my career.
When we were doing jock.
And that's the reason you hate that so much.
That's a good theme.
That's not the reason I hate it.
I hate it because it's bad.
In fact, I hate it.
It makes me hate it more.
I think it's great.
1256, 4-till-known at 560, QAM.
To one, to one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to one.
To one, to two.
To one.
To one.
To one.
To one.
To one.
To one.
To one.
Normally rehashed those stories about those barbarians in Boston who went nuts after the Patriots
when they were super well.
And yes, Virginia, there was a ballgame, I sure didn't see that booby.
Church, somebody says Kathryn Harris and heres for the ball.
An excellent choice.
Church sucks abuse suit filed.
A 46 year old man is suing the Roman Catholic art slices of Indianapolis alleging
that he was sexually abused repeatedly as a child by a priest.
That way, Lee Hamilton went from Indiana on a Pro swollen house, I'm bad.
The lawsuit comes in there, after the Arts Dices mission, to report saying that
20 priests have incredibly accused of sexually abusing minor since 1950. The lawsuit filed yesterday in Miriam's superior court
Contents that the Reverend William Blackwell, remember Mr. Blackwell used to do all the magic tricks.
Gay. Committed the abuse while he was a teacher at St. Mary's School in Richmond from 1957 to 61.
The alleged victim identified only as Robert Am to protect his privacy was an altar boy for Blackwell.
And a student in his Latin empty outland's e-classes, Robert Amaleges he was abused at several locations including the church rectumary.
And at Blackwell's parents' home in Miriam County he was abused in several locations.
Well, Robert, I've never reportedly abused anyone outside the church. He's seeking unspecified damages.
He now maintains that he suffers from psychological damage, shock, emotional distress,
impairment, loss of self-esteem, disgrace, humiliation, and loss of enjoyment of life,
a criminal legal filing. 12 late people working for the church also have been incredibly accused of committing abuse to be
courts and none is still working for the arts diocese. David Cohezzi, National Director for Snap,
Survivors of whatever it is abused by priests, call it report a tiny step toward more of the long
very shameful truth. It's dangerous and I have to think they've suddenly decided to come clean,
said Cohezzi of the Survivors Network of those abused by priest snap. Most bishops are
committed to damage control rather than genuine outreach and prevention. And of course he is as always.
That's so rosy, correct sir. You go boy.
Drag that.
Want to be Jones.
Oh, I wanted more of that for you.
I'm listening.
See every time I play this and you never know who there is any film.
Takeovacs, one of the real geniuses of TV, died in a car, got hit by a car in New York.
I'll take your word for it.
Years ago, don't you remember ED Adams come up and see me sometime with those white-alc cigars?
Okay. No you don't.
Well that's because they used to advertise cigarettes and cigars on TV years ago.
Right. ED Adams was his widow. She was old show.
She was, she was, huh?
In the good old days.
In the good old days.
Hey, I've got news for it.
Only Cohevacs was a lot better than most of these assholes on there right now.
I thought I'm trying to live in the past.
But never lies.
Enough to make you want to get.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, welcome back.
It dreams me.
Leave it to be, Ver.
She got me to say that.
Starring Barbara Bellingsley.
You'll both love it.
You've got to be, Ver.
Tony Dow.
And Jerry Mathers.
As the beaver.
Oh right.
Nobody don't like Beaver.
Well, almost.
Okay. You'll get it.
Chico that know you want.
It's room 2, 2, 2.
It's room 2, 2.
I'll go to the folk of Brian.
This is Donna Reed joining the station to bring you into the message.
Don't stop finding out.
Support your heart fund and help medical signs in the old outfight against heart disease.
Okay, now what do you guess that was Donna Reed?
What do you think this is about?
Donna Reed Show?
Excellent.
What a great game.
Baby, if you'll ever wonder.
No.
Wondered, whatever became of you.
I'm living on the island since the night.
Since the night, he'll be K.R.
Oh, what a horrible show that one.
Got counted time back in and the time again.
Town, town, up and down the dial.
Okay, I think we have a pause right now.
Maybe take a few calls.
Maybe the audience says, you know, yesterday, like I told you this morning, they enjoyed it yesterday.
But a little bit more of it today.
A little bit too much, you know.
It was great yesterday, but don't do it.
Like we had a nice spaghetti dinner yesterday with meatballs and all good, the marineries sauce, whatever.
But no more.
We tell the week from the circus.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
We'll find out.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Yesterday you mentioned Guy Williams' name.
Right, Zorro.
And I was curious, do you have the Lost in Space theme?
I bet you we do here somewhere, yes.
I'm almost positive.
I bet your life on it.
I'd like to hear it.
If I can.
Yeah.
What is Guy Williams?
Was he a Lost in Space?
Yeah, he was Mr. Robinson, the main guy.
I'll be damned.
If I can't find a Georgia singer.
Thank you.
Okay, thanks, probably.
What you sing it?
Sure, what not.
They had to.
Lost in Space.
Oh, well, they had two different themes.
They did?
Yeah.
The second theme was the better one.
Was that the one I do an Allison sing?
Yeah.
Are you making fun of you, Allison now?
I would never.
This is Dick Van Dyke asking you to listen to this sound.
Thanks, Lee.
Thanks, you're very welcome.
Thanks, Lee.
Oh.
You're in doubt about angels being real.
I can arrange the chains that they doubt you be.
Got it?
Times of magic.
Good work.
You want it for your Valentine.
Party, Billy?
That's easy.
First season theme.
What does that mean?
That means that they kind of toned it down.
Maybe.
Or is that, and keep in mind, now this is back, I don't know what year that was on.
In the 60s, 70s.
I dream of Jeannie.
And the big thing was that she NBC had special private meetings because Barbara Eden was showing up with her naval.
Yeah, yeah, that was wrong.
And that was back like how many years ago would it be?
About 30, man.
And here we are.
We see a little bit of booby on the Super Bowl.
And America is crumbling.
The foundations of the country are just losing it.
Falling apart.
It's like a massive shock to everybody's sensations, man.
Because we saw a little bit of Janet Jackson's booby on the Tooby.
Christ almighty, man.
Time to grow up, America.
There's important crap going on.
And you're all a titter about a pile of crap.
Can I say a titter?
No.
Not after Monday, probably.
Wouldn't surprise me that we're going to have like muff and clearance sitting there.
And you know what they're going to do instead of like having a dump on the L.A.K.S.S. sports promo.
Every time I say crap or assholes.
Yeah, that's right.
So if you hear the sign of that, you'll know they dumped something that we said here.
Like maybe one of those excutory sounds.
God.
How embarrassing.
It's just shocking.
And nobody in the media in the mainstream media has got the balls to tell it like it is.
You know, nobody.
All the same thing.
Oh, this was an outrage.
And boy, CBS is going to have hell to pay for this.
And MTV, we know how come they didn't realize MTV is so over the edge.
Right.
Just like all those horrible reality shows they have an MTV.
We might actually see somebody who is part of their close-off.
Young people live in the same house.
Well, then how can they call it a reality show?
They take their clothes on.
Oh, that's true. Nobody does that.
Not no decent people do that.
I guarantee a Michael Powell probably keeps his pants on when he takes a dump.
Oh, I forgot he doesn't take a dump.
That's right.
But if he did, it wouldn't stink.
No, it would not.
And it certainly wouldn't stain his pantaloons.
It's 11 past one at 560 WQM.
Hey, President, stay as less than two weeks away.
That means that the mall stores and showrooms like they do every year at this time will be running those big fat phonies mattress sales.
You know, the ones where they first they double the price behind the scene.
Then they offer you half off.
Well, what kind of a deal is that?
If you really want rock bottom prices and the best mattresses anywhere, 365 days a year,
you know what to do? Come, my good friends, a dollar mattress, 1-800 mattress.
No phonies sales, no bait and swish.
Just every day rock bottom prices that are unbeatable on a complete line of the top manufacturers in the universe like Ceely.
Certa, Simmons, King Quill, Temporpetic and Stirns and Foster Hewitt.
Choose from dozens of models at low every day discount prices.
You can rest easy and enjoy a great night's sleep.
I call this tool free number right now.
They'll be there not gonna on your door in no time at all.
1-800 mattress.
And only dollar mattress still is the only ones who do this.
They let you choose a two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule when it's convenient for you when your ass is gonna be home any day seven days a week from eight in the AM till 10 p.m.
Dada mattress off as you low prices, same day delivery for you set up removal.
So what's not to like?
Don't be sucked in by those phony ads.
Do the smart thing like I've been doing in George and Bokobrine.
Miguel even fat boys doing it.
Call 1-800 mattress and guarantee you and yours a great night's sleep for years to come.
1-800-MATTRES or online it's mattress.com.
My, my, and local.
This is Fort Real 560.
Way to Way.
On a season they tell introduces the Saudi Barbie.
Seems our Saudi friends were upset with the old Barbie since all blondes named Barbie are Jewish.
So the good patriots at that tell re-desinder to make party Saudi friendly.
Because you know the Saudis are our friends.
They like us and I'd be talking to them with 9-11.
And nothing to do with the real end of it.
And nothing to do now they had nothing to do with them all and had nothing to do with them.
So to cater to our Saudi friends by sliding our tongue further up their smelly hole.
Meet Al-Ava Barbie.
She comes complete with a sand display that let you bury her up to her neck when she fails to obey.
Or make your offenses.
Bandar Kid will yank her head off with a jade.
Told the hyaluristic company.
And our canceled separately.
The no longer Jewish Al-Ava Barbie.
Now resembling Barbara Eden.
It was Jewish.
You can deal it, Big Del.
It's swell.
There it is.
Nothing to do with that.
Oh, right.
I'm sure about El President's brain lost in space.
Danger.
This is Ernest Borgmine suggesting that you see your neighbor recruiter soon.
Your investigation will reveal that as a naval officer you'll have a position in which you not only need your duty to your country.
But you'll be participating in a team effort that brings an immeasurable sense of personal accomplishment.
What are we doing here?
I'm going to get that.
I'll make you a party.
What is this?
This is Rat Pack.
How about Guest McKayles Navy, the Navy?
The right.
What did you say?
The end of a civil war was here when quite accidently closed.
How about F-True?
Oh, that's this.
F is in fact.
To the battle vehicle.
Let's go.
I think maybe you'll find a doctor.
Jesus, Ralph, what's that hanging out of your tights?
Jesus Christ.
Oh, if you could only hear that in stereo, man.
Just about made my thing tingle.
What?
I can't.
This is Raymond Burke.
They in this short announcement, I can't tell you much.
You can get the latest information about research by writing to NIH, Bethesda, Maryland,
2-0-0-1-4.
Yay.
Yay, sure.
Yeah.
Hey Perry, guess what?
Yay.
Yay.
Oh no, I'm pretty scared by that.
And the most spot to my fly.
Oh!
They call him Clepper.
Clepper, faster than lightning.
No one you see.
He's smarter than he.
And we don't Clepper.
We're still a couple of wonder.
Like they're under, under the sea.
Hey, Dad, this is Ed Burns, 77thons at script.
Man, you're the schizier.
How about some instant wax?
It's too much.
Damn, 77thons at script.
What for you, my?
Bill Green, Bill Green, Bill Green.
Bill Green, a little apple do you?
Use more, only if you dare but watch out.
The council offers you aah.
There are two cancer fingers in your head.
Oh, brain is corporal rescue.
Oh, he is just a boy.
Just a boy.
How true is private rent and ten?
They are the RVs pride and joy.
See untouchable.
A depilal production.
Sarring Harvard's staff as Elliott Maths.
Hey!
Now, do we decide he died or what?
I guess he died, huh?
I could look it up.
Robert's dead.
He died, I think.
How sad.
Daniel Coyle.
Oh, boy.
He was brave, he was fearless and tough as a radio tree.
From the coonskin camp, from the top of the wall,
and to the hero is raw, I shoot.
Awesome.
The ripenist, rorenist, fightinist, man.
The frontier ever knew.
Daniel Boo was a man.
It's a big man.
What a boom, what a duper, what a dream come true.
What a true war was he.
Yeah, what do you do, ladies and gentlemen?
Oh, he just got through here.
My name is Alfred Hitchcock.
Our next number is designed to drown out the sound of shovels.
If you spend your evenings watching murder instead of doing it yourself,
you may recognize this.
I haven't heard this before, but it's so new waiting.
It's worth hearing it, isn't it?
Just for the Jamaican woman.
Yeah, this is just for the Jamaican lady.
We sure hope you're in a joint.
And in fact, it's so good to have all of you on Monday.
All right.
Are we ready?
No.
I'm coming.
Now, wait, do you say outer limits?
That's what I said.
Oh.
What was the other night gallery?
There is nothing wrong with your television set.
Yes, there is.
Do not attempt to adjust the picture.
We are controlling transmission.
All right.
But there must be like Michael Potter.
We can control the vertical.
We can change the focus to a soft blur,
or sharpen it to crystal clarity.
For the next hour, sit quietly,
and we will control all that you see in here.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery,
which reaches from the inner mind to the outer limits.
Now, the other one, which you're never going to get it.
This is our night gallery.
Dark shadow.
It was a soap opera.
Even if it didn't have that part of it,
there you go.
Hey, Quentin, how you doing, Quentin?
Get it.
You see?
Oh, here.
Oh!
Martyn Landa.
Told him, Martyn Landa.
Peter Graves.
Of course.
This is my Martyn Landa.
Hi, Jackal Kennedy.
Come on.
I don't know.
She was on the show.
Barbara Dillingley.
The way to QA and Hello.
Let me ask you something.
I know that you're going to burn it out from the poison.
You've been spewing out over the radio.
It feels great.
You were that little home or that works with you.
It feels sensational, man.
In fact, I'm spewing out right now.
Because you know you're spewing out.
You know you're a piece of crap.
You know that you're a piece of crap, don't you?
You're going to burn in hell, Mr. I can smell it right now right over the phone line.
In fact, your phone line is burning up.
WQA and Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, this is real.
Must be those provocative theme songs that got me holed up.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry.
I was in the delay.
Anyway, there are two.
You may have played it.
But it started Henry Manstein's career.
One with Peter Gunn.
Yeah, and the other was Mr. Lucky.
Mr. Lucky.
I think he just called Mr. Lucky.
Barbara Bain.
Did someone hear something?
Barbara Bain.
And Mark Landau.
What the man from Uncle?
This is William Shatner with a reminder that you can bring my fancy world closer to reality.
I'll find out how you can help.
Write to me, William Shatner, Westport, Connecticut, 0688-0.
Log of the Starship Enterprise, star-date 5943.7.
Captain Kirk, this is Lieutenant O'Horrow.
Mr. Spock is ready to patch in.
Go ahead, Mr. Spock.
I'm on the surface of the destroyed barbarian planet, Mal, Captain.
Destroyed?
What do you see, Mr. Spock?
The surviving inhabitants are in a dreadful condition.
I have no lie.
It seems they can't control their limbs, and their minds are dull and useless.
I have no lie.
Fascinating.
There seemed to be an estate identical to that curious 20th century Earth disease called Harnologabuse.
It's a beautiful thing.
That was the greatest thing William Shatner ever said in his life was Giddle Life.
Just those three simple words.
Hey, are you Trekkies out there?
Giddle Life, you assholes.
You silly people.
It's just a freaking TV show.
26th after 1.
That's right.
We're going to be burdened in the hell, in fact.
We'll pass the, we'll pass the anwers.
How do you like that?
We'll let you peel them.
EF Tarnado repairs the way place to take your car because these people know they're crafted
been around for a long time.
You'll find them at 5083, North Federal Highway, just a mile and a half north of San
Perot and prestigious Pomano Beach.
And EF Tarnado repair experience the difference that experience makes.
All EF mechanics are ASE, certified technicians, current with all their technology, and most
of them been around for a long time.
They've been with the EF team for almost 20 years most of them.
EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience, so it doesn't take a rocket
sign that's to figure out you can trust your car to these guys.
No job is too big or too small of EF either.
From a blown fuse to a blown engine, from a 73 Toyota to an O4 Bentley, EF Tarnado repair does it all.
All jobs are meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the shop format and every car is cleaned upon
completing the work so your car when it give it back to you, looks and feels and smells just like brand new.
EF Autos most extended warranties offer you a WI-L-WATE service on most repairs to 5083 North Federal Highway
and Pombo-Tabies is where you'll find EF.
Call them and be sure to ask about their 90 days same as cash to interest credit card 954-426-9926.
That's 954-426-9926 for EF Tarnado repair so good that their national recognizes one of the most successful
auto repair facilities in the entire U.S. of A.
And EF don't forget their motto, nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business.
My name is Mike and I'm law. This is 4205-60.
You weigh in and weigh in.
The car is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car
that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that
is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that is a car that just after time, this is the time and these were subjects.
Quality stocks wouldrasson przeciaceze, even those excessive smithy Below Yarn  we have the STD of public ETFs.
G also gas also raze deavaischarge the better effective testing technique and this period terms are quite different from the last time for the first death weeks.
and other nations about Iraq's weapons stockpiles have not been confirmed.
We are determined to figure out why.
We are also determined to make sure that American intelligence is as accurate as possible
for every challenge in the future.
Right.
Before we go to war again, based on all of that.
We are in this mass destruction.
I will wait till I see him on the Timrushoot Sunday, won't you?
Yeah.
I don't want to see no more.
Anyway, we got 737 votes on our poll right now.
The biggest asshole of the Numaladium is so far and it is only 2004.
We got a ways to go unless he blows up the whole world first.
And very self-same said George W. Bush, who is speaking at the moment.
396.
That is shocking.
356.
I'm sorry.
He doesn't need any extra help.
356.
He's in the leak of his own man.
He's so far ahead that it's a joke.
Rush Limbo 89.
Osama Yamamas moving up steadily.
71.
Michael Jackson 69.
Dick Cheney 33.
Michael Powell 28.
Donald Rumsfeld 23.
Justin Tinkerbell 16.
And after that single, the small potatoes.
Although Danny Boyd and Reno's got six tied with Carl Rowe.
And your buddy Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
Has five.
New York Bishop Denys' sex abuse charge.
A Catholic bishop accused of sexually abusing a man who later killed himself is forcibly
denying the charge, offering to take a polygraph, as demanding an investigation by the
DA.
Bishop Howard Hubbard held a news conference yesterday hours after he cut short of vacation
in Florida and returned to Albany.
I've never sexually abused anyone who said I've honored my views of celifacy.
Do we believe him?
No.
No, he's a priest.
His remarks came in response to allegations by Andy Zalay who told reporters his brother
Thomas, set himself a fire at their parents home in 1978.
Oh, brother, you ready for that?
No.
Set himself a fire at his parents home.
And you know what happens to when you set yourself on fire, you become...
BAAAMING!
Right.
Gay.
Hubbard, who led the Roman Catholic diocese of Albany since 1977 said he never met
these delays and that he had no records point, pertaining the sex abuse, Thomas Zalay
of Thomas Zalay by any priest who had served in Albany diocese.
He said, Zalay said his brother was distraught because Hubbard had abused him.
Well, we don't believe that, doing...
You know, Hubbard...
BAAAMING!
There is another one though that I have been instinct.
Now that we're going to burn his hell, we must have a good time doing super-housing.
Love back, Diocese.
Another challenge for the Green Hornets.
He's aad, Kepho, and they're rolling our son over black fuses.
On police record, they wanted criminal.
The Green Hornet is really great grief, former publisher, and really sentinel.
It's dual identity known only to his secretary and to the district attorney.
And now, to protect the rights and lives of decent citizens, rise the Green Hornet.
Okay, now where was the Green Hornet recorded on radio?
What station?
I don't know.
Come on.
How would I know that?
WXYZ Detroit.
Okay.
Ladies and gentlemen, the story or about the sea is true.
The names have been changed to protect the innocent.
What do you want?
In formation.
Who's signing on?
That would be telling.
We want information.
No.
Information.
Information.
You won't get it.
By hook or by crook.
We will.
Who are you?
The new number two.
Who is number one?
You are number six.
I am not a number.
I am a free man.
Who says I am?
Have I got a partner?
Who?
The different man.
The different man.
You just watched a boy and his dog.
You see similarities between the setting for that movie and the prisoner?
Okay.
You know?
I saw similarities between the setting and the middle east.
We already had this, Harry.
That's all right.
Who the Harry time?
The Harry time.
Who's on fire?
The purple music.
The Harry time.
The Harry time.
Here we go.
st Scootball i have a
called spin.
Do you have to move your finger or
tysko to try with newodenamen to show me
Man, a Gucci Gucci girl back then shaking her booty and Michael Paul didn't get upset about it. Of course he wasn't born yet
And I'm still I'm still so it's like you know the theme song you guys suck. Yeah, yeah, I'm sitting there watching
I realize that's another formula like piece of crap cop show
Don't remember Adam 12. Yeah, of course shame on you
What
She
You don't mess with ever M. Zipola's junior man. Okay that right now real calm on an religion Bible thup a channel and start reading from the Bible
He gets up set the FBI
Oh
Now just in case there's anybody else's upset that we did this couple days in a row not the whole show
But just a little here and there with these old themes from TV
We're gonna give it the phone number for the Jamaican lady before the end of the show
And you can call her over the weekend and commiserate and plan your you know map out your plan of attack on Dufflinzi, right?
Right so that Monday he gets thousands of calls saying we find this so just unacceptable
And we didn't like that Paul either too much. Oh
God go get your own Paul lady. Okay. That's probably what her problem is you can't find one
140 20 till two at five sixty w two I'll tell you where you will find it pizza loft lots of delicious goodies man
Fresh delicious. I think it is such big portions too
That's why people love the pizza loft because it's almost enough for two in fact some people
I know who go there and eat for free actually sometimes share because they're free they might get charged
But at any rate here's the deal every Monday night at the loft in Davy is lasagna night two days eggplant
Buy one of these dinners on these nights get the second one for only five bucks every Wednesday kids eat free with an all-stake and see just famous
Magician Thursday is bike night at the loft come out of motorcycle by one dinner get the second one for our price
I guarantee the garlic rolls at the loft are the best you've ever had they got three different kinds of pizza
Every kind of pasta dish ever been invented. They got chicken and veal seafood
They got keels on super subs. They've got it all and like I told you the prices are teeny and tiny and the portions are gigantic
Fresh and delicious is the way they cook it for a nothing soggy always cook the order too pizza loft even caters
Using for your next office or home party your next affair catering for as low as five bucks per person
Here's the number for take out delivery call 954 916 80 80
It just as he will never make that mistake again that he made last year
954 916 88 80 will find the loft on university drive between gripping in 595 and a pizza loft plaza behind pure one imports tons and tons of
Free park and say how do our good buddy Jeff?
Whatever's name is Cohen and the whole gang at the world famous
Pizza loft
Yeah
Oh my god
Oh the harbor
Every time I see
Pre-carned him with
Oh
He's president
With President
Oh, what I did to God was once more, and yet we all voted more.
Oh, why did you want this?
Don't love the lips drumming stupidly.
Don't love the woman this drunk and rich kid.
Don't love the peace even, number them me here.
He's president of the bull.
Yeah, don't care what it's up.
You got him here by hooker and fraud.
We're rich and fraud.
Don't know what's best, you and I, but I don't feel it.
We've got a great leader here.
With president dumps.
As the mad guys would say, those are boxing rocks.
It's 14-2 with 560-72, and we got the mad guy with 2.
It's become that.
Hey, Goldberg at the Royal Caribbean golf tournament at 4.
It's some golf stuff, man.
Joe and Mark had 7-10, 88-10, and sporting news radio overnight,
because it's free number 1, and because number 2, it's sports.
Torts.
Thank you.
Well, let's find out how the audience, if we still have anybody,
listen, okay, because two days in a row of this,
and I say at the beginning of the show, we don't want to do that again.
But there were so many good ones that I hadn't played yesterday,
and I've got thousands more, by the way, to make it, lady.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Yeah, I am.
Yes, sir.
You know, I just heard you make a reference of the upcoming interview
on Sunday, Meet the Press with Bush, and what is it?
Tim Russell.
It'll be the Marshmallow toss, right?
Yeah, I know.
I mean, Tim Russell was the next thought.
The big change, I mean, he's already riding the questions and the answers
for Bush right now is he speaks.
He's going to be looking both armpits, especially the right one.
It's such a joke, really.
I mean, if people can't see through it, well, hopefully more people are going to see
it going to be going against him, come November.
Exactly, especially when he starts fumbling in Bumbling.
No, he will.
We know that.
Anyway, you have a good day.
And you two have a great weekend.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, don't forget I'll present it on Meet the Press.
And you know what they say?
If you're on Meet the Press, do a good job.
You're going to be, uh, go far.
I hope he does soon, the President, like a far away from us.
Like Wesley Clark, he's really doing his knee.
No.
That's what that punk said that day a few months ago.
Oh, Wesley Clark was on Meet the Press, and he did great.
And of course, you know what happened the other day.
He was just, he was fun on us.
He had to be.
When you think I thought WQM, hello.
Yeah, good afternoon.
Yes, sir, when the start is.
Yes, it's a new year.
Please.
One comedy.
Who?
Neil.
Neil who?
Your father.
Oh, speaking, yes.
Oh, Neil.
Hey.
I don't get it.
I've been listening to you for a long time and you funny.
You know, it's black history, right?
What is it?
You know, this month is black history month.
Yeah.
You know, a good song will be good for this program today.
What would that be, sir?
The rest of the song.
And I'm a black guy.
Yeah.
I need my kids.
Kiss a nigga.
Good morning.
Yeah.
I miss that song.
Well, I'll tell you what, you let me know where you can find it and we'll play for it.
567.0560.
5656.60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
That was beautiful, wasn't it?
He must know that you're making it, maybe I'll bet you.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Sugar Bridges, listen, did you play the Sky King one?
Did you do that one, yeah?
Sky King?
Yeah, don't you remember that one?
Well, I remember it, but I jeez, I wonder how am I going to find that?
That's from a hundred years ago.
How about the life around?
Oh, see, I don't know if I got that or not.
That was one of my favorite shows.
I know, I love that.
William Bendert's was great.
Yeah.
You could find it.
Okay, I'm looking forward to it.
You're the man.
Okay.
When you say honey bears, something like that.
Sugar Bridges.
I don't have life or reality.
Well, here's an assignment for Boca Brian, something that we don't have on AT&T.
And what was the other one?
Oh, Sky King.
How about a thought of what a head Sky King?
You know, let's see, adventure, afternoon adventure.
The Virginian, yeah, yeah.
Here's C-Hunt, it begins with an S.
No got it.
But we'll put those together now on Monday.
All right.
Oh, anybody that doesn't like that programming, you can blame the Jamaican lady, okay?
Just not a spite.
We're going to play theme songs, because he's got him coming out of her ass.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
The books for lotion and the bathroom.
Thank you.
Yeah, let's play that too.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, well, Mia, what was that good name that was a resident time to time with her, King?
William?
William, I'm a black, a little bit of a murderer, a little bit of a fucking son.
What was he doing?
Well, William Williams.
William Bendix, that's what it was.
Well, what do we know?
What do we care?
Comment on the sports shows about that, whatever he is.
He could make that same call, it'd be great.
Exactly, they wouldn't know what you're talking about him more than I do either.
But George knows, he and his son.
Yeah, that was great, not even arguing either.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, George.
Yes.
Okay, I talked to Neil.
I just want to say something about that.
I just want to say that George can kill that kid.
Yeah, go ahead.
They'd have to shoot me in a quarter of a minute.
I'm trying with my bare hands.
I wouldn't have to bring a weapon or nothing in there.
Well, it's not a very long drive.
I'd get on the LA right now.
It'd have I-75.
You can be there by 05 o'clock this afternoon, I would say.
If you're really hurry, maybe 430.
Right?
Yeah.
Just fly across the LA.
You can go about 90 on the LA.
And then zip right up 75 before the traffic rush really starts.
Zip up there, you know, four Myers and Naples.
Of course, sir.
I'm not sure in that order.
Why?
You know, this guy's been in jail before.
So they wouldn't have had to let him out.
They didn't have to let him loose.
But they did.
But they did.
See, they do it over and over and over again.
It's just, I sure hope Lionel Tate don't get in no more trouble.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not assuming that he will, but I sure hope he doesn't.
Just for everybody's sake.
I don't care.
I mean, you know, if he wants to wrestle with his conscience, that's fine.
But other than that, he's not going to wrestle with his mother.
151, 9 minutes still to it, 560 QAM.
We're supporting you, 560.
The film with you, Lucky.
Well, congratulations, get a life.
I know.
A word from Howard Dean's wife.
Hi, hello there.
Hand Doctor Julie Staiberg.
Why for presidential candidate Howard Dean?
You can call me Judy.
Not Judge Judy.
That's a different misguide.
People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign fair with Howard.
Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa?
I scared a crap out of myself.
I make crap out of this and I look like a shane of poonum.
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much Yiddish, eh?
Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it.
No, what I say?
That's a bunch of misogas.
For those of you who don't take a piece of Yiddish, that means crap.
How he's a good guy.
Though he's what you might call a loose cannon.
He's got a pretty bad temper on him.
I remember one time one of our kids left a cap off of the toothpaste.
I thought he was going to blow a gasket.
The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were gone in the corners of his mouth.
The event was sugar.
I spent 23 years with the shaggots.
Most of the time he's a man.
But on occasion, I hate him.
I think my husband Howie would make for a very good president.
One of the things I'm a little peered about is that Howie doesn't let us have a TV.
I run about sex in the city.
I got a schlepped down to campaign headquarters.
What's up to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set?
I have never seen any program in color.
So I'm no Jackie Kennedy.
Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy.
I don't wear makeup.
I'm like a whisper away from being amish.
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign.
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints.
Anyway, Gazagazont.
That's Yiddish for Dr. Judith Steinberg over and out.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
I think you were about to give him a hug.
Wow, I think he's coming to part of the scene.
Get him Raymond Burzel chair.
Where do you please?
Go to QAIM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Where the Paul, how about Kenny Lay?
Kenny Lay is good.
Kenneth Lay, get him on there.
Thank you.
Before we go right out time.
Thank you.
Excellent choice.
Kenneth Lay.
See.
I'd like to see him lay right out.
560-70560, pound 560.
See, you mess with me.
And you mess with...
Yeah, I'm good.
That's right.
That's how I'd like the guys with the eyes boyfriend I won two calls ago.
560-705, huh?
Or maybe it was David Cassidy doing a voice.
Because I hear he's got David locked up in a broom closet.
WDQAIM, hello.
Yeah, I know, but...
Okay, pal.
Michael Pops, you play that...
That did where...
Kelly, because it smells like...
Due to...
It smells like...
Do do?
What for the Zan?
I don't know.
Where Goldie says that.
Oh, where Goldie says it smells like...
Boy, I can't believe Josh is actually...
I'm not paying attention to A-Biss, boy.
Yeah, be either.
I wouldn't.
I sure wouldn't, especially these calls today.
But he's man, he is hanging on every word you guys have said.
Not paying too much attention to us, but these callers, because that's where the sports people are.
Because you guys are the show.
That's what Mad Dog always says.
You guys are the show.
Does he really believe that?
No.
No, he's just trying to suck up a little bit, you know.
Trying to be humble and things like that.
Oh, and you know what I almost forgot?
Because I know the Mad Dog is going to be talking a lot of hockey.
The game last night.
I know the Panther Cup from Gran and Phoenix was great.
Least are losing four nothing in Ottawa after...
Into the second phase.
Four nothing.
I have a name for Chrome now.
The left-wing of Northern Pringles.
Got passed.
Oh, it's all in here!
Oh!
Oh, it's all in here!
We can see it all over time.
With 30 points seven, suck it, dry.
Okay, calm down, Joe.
Save your voice.
Please get the old celebrate.
How about your pardon?
Boog's in for the Mad Dog.
Oh, I didn't hear that.
I heard you say something about it.
I thought you were booing my performance.
I heard George say, boo.
Oh, boo.
Boog is in for the Mad Dog.
Yeah, that's boo.
Wow, geez.
I mean, I've been reporting Mad.
You should have told me that before.
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry.
Mad Dog's in for boo.
I mean, these guys, I'm telling you, no, this morning was Moan.
Absolutely.
Not.
You were...
Is Mad Dog on?
Absolutely.
Not.
Jesus.
Thank God.
I don't tell me, hey, it's going to be a...
We're going to have like another substitute or prostitute.
I don't know.
Because that would really be bad.
Hump right forward from the Royal Caribbean Golf Club.
And don't forget, Joe and Mark are close personal friends.
Seven to ten tonight before everybody goes to sleep.
Bye, bye, bye.
The middle right here show, I'm classic, the middle in QA.
I'm playing for LaNata.
Yeah, they got the hot, uh, yeah, look.
What word does he say?
What word does he say?
