Well, we got some tickets, man. We got tickets. You better get on those lines right away.
Friday you first.
Oh, man. Look at that. We got a whole bunch of tickets right behind the whole plate.
Jesus is doing alright.
It's a ten or two. Now, let's see. Do you say happy good Friday or unhappy good Friday?
Is this like Yom Kippred of the Jews? It's like one of those unhappy holidays.
Maybe it's just good Friday. Like hey, everybody's good Friday.
Oh, yeah, obviously, especially at two o'clock for me. But I don't know how much you say.
Well, happy holidays to you. Happy Easter. Get them eggs out, man.
And we got tickets. Do we ever have tickets? Do we have tickets? No. What what?
Yes, we all said we had tickets. Of course we have tickets. We always have tickets.
I love to. It's 14. Look at all those phones are ringing.
Man, you people are such suckers. It's just so sad. It just breaks my heart.
It just tears my guts out like somebody reaches inside you like in what that was that movie?
I don't know. Alien. It's a Gourney Weaver where that thing was popping out of her poop.
You know, somebody just reached inside and put your guts out.
Anyway, what American city that you used to love is turned into a toilet.
That was our poll question yesterday. I would have some more death results here.
Some more numbers, but I can't. There are so many deaths now that I can't keep track anymore.
I say that with great despair, but it's just pathetic.
I'm talking about soldiers, your people who are dying every day in Iraq.
And it's just that you can't they don't even make the news anymore.
Maybe on the crawl way down on the bottom. If you're sitting there reading for like several hours at a time,
you might find out that a couple more Marines died here and a couple more over there.
But it's not even worth talking about anymore. According to the news media.
Because it's bad for bad for the government, bad for business.
What American city that you used to love is turned into a toilet.
Look at the way Miami just towered over everybody else. Look at that.
We had 1492, which was a dang good year for Columbus. Yes, it was.
1492 votes, which is not bad considering there is nobody in town.
And we started the poll after 11 o'clock yesterday. Not bad.
Even Josh, whatever his name is into a depressed about that. That's good.
It's not bad. Miami though is bad 739. Look at those people who made it what it is today.
Great. But not saying that after seeing this poll.
What they are saying if you don't like it, get out. Adios.
Key West 138. Fort Lauderdale 112.
So only three cities had over 100 votes and they were all in Florida.
In fact, four of the top five were in Florida with Detroit getting in there to mess it all up.
Detroit was fourth with 93. That was my vote.
Man, Detroit used to be so great and exciting.
Used to be a vibrant. It was the capital of music. It was Motown. It was all of these things.
What happened? And then all of a sudden they had those riots when they burned the city down in 1967.
And released parts of it and never came back.
So if you ever have a chance to go to Detroit, my best advice to you is don't.
93 for Detroit. Hollywood, Florida 66, which used to be.
I don't know that it was ever well, see the question is what city that used to love.
So it's all subjective. Not that Hollywood was ever that great. You think? No.
Atlantic City, New Jersey 56 LA 53, which was the late edition.
It's a good thing for Rajashi got out of there before was too late or Orlando 48.
Another Florida city. New Orleans 48.
And they were pretty passionate about that too.
New Orleans being a real toilet. So they said the big.
Patterson, New Jersey 33.
That to me is the real shocker. The fact that a city like and look at this Josh or exact just fast me back my pole.
It's okay. George does that all the time. I thought you might want it again. Just in case.
Now what does this say go to Lunaville dot org from the McKenzie reports.
Oh, okay. Thanks Pete. I don't want up to the minute. Okay. Just I can't handle it anymore. It's grotesque.
Isn't that depressing to watch the numbers? The numbers. But you see the pictures yesterday.
The guy the kids in the tank. Oh, man. The one that was all bloody and the other one didn't have enough.
They had a dragon out of there. It's just this stuff is going on and the public sits back and all the cliches.
Oh, we must never let this happen again. And we must. You know.
And he who repeats the mistakes of history. All of a sudden crap. You know, we keep doing the same things over and over and over again.
You will be pleased to see before I finish with a poor result.
That at least over half of the public isn't buying a bull crap because CNN asked are you satisfied with condolences testimony from yesterday?
107,000 votes they've got. 107,647 to be exact a couple minutes ago when I printed this out.
Yes, 46% 49,906. But no. No. 54% 57,741. So 54 to 46% America is not satisfied with condolences testimony.
And since that tend to go pretty much against political lines and the way people are feeling about things, all of these things that ain't too good of a sample to which my story seems to become on their unraveling.
Let's see, Patterson of Jersey 33, which must really be a sewer, although it's in Jersey. So it speaks for itself at a horrible state.
Philadelphia 32, which is right across from Jersey, but maybe it likes seeps over from Camden, watches in New York 20, my hometown, which used to be a nice, you know, kind of a nice place to grow up not too bad.
But now it's not too good. Flip Michigan 16, Camden, New Jersey, another Jersey city 15, Baltimore, Maryland 13, Indianapolis 6, and Wilmington, Delaware had four out of almost 1500 votes.
So Miami wins hands down. It's just ain't what it used to be. There's some real problems in Miami ever shop downtown Miami. No, I talk to people like, for example, here in Toronto.
And they'll say, well, like, what is downtown Miami like? Is it like downtown Toronto when I go like, oh, yeah, we always go downtown to shop.
When's the last time you were in downtown Miami, other than maybe it up sporting event. He came up to. No, that's a sporting event.
Hey, listen, we got heat tickets. We got Marlon tickets. We got Dolphin tickets. We got Panthers tickets. We got tickets for the Leafs, so we're probably going to get swept out.
That was a very, very disappointing and pathetic performance last night. They missed a bus to the arena, unfortunately. And of course, it's only right here at the air. Canada Center, but they really stumped you.
Last night, beating Leafs for it, too, it was very sad. It could be a very quick series, especially if I don't win again tomorrow night, it'll be all over very, very depressing. But after all these years, I guess you ought to be used to it, right? I ought to be used to it.
Sure. Anybody want to do those Panther tickets? It was a spooky goal. Okay.
Rick V, man, he's a real trip. Anyway, Bob Cole needs to be put out to pasture, by the way. You know, Bob Cole, don't you? But at the forced hands of Harry, comes across his head.
Sure. Man, oh man, he's just brutal. Anyway, we don't want to talk about that because it's hockey. Nobody cares about hockey. Want some Panther tickets? We don't have any tickets. WDQ and hello.
Yeah, sir, speaking. Yeah, how you doing? Pretty good. How about that showing down throw last night? Yeah, how about that? Oh, that was incredible. Yeah, three hits.
Three hits, man. He's workouts night. I've there. You almost got that 18, 121 people there. And I'm sorry. We don't have any tickets. He just sucking around for tickets. That is the worst. Seriously, I don't want to pick on Joe Rose because he's a good guy like I said the other day, but he's picking up where for well left off.
And I'm sure it's not Joe's fault. It's probably Miguel's fault or somebody inside. I'll tell you right now who's fault it is. Clarence. Only clearance. I know Duff wouldn't do it because Duff is death. It's set against that given away tickets on here. It's bad, bad, horrible radio. It's an instant tune out. It's only bad when they call them. But they that's what they all do. They humiliate and degrade themselves. I'm not talking about the Marlins. What do I give a crap about the Marlins? Okay. They're off when I start. They're two out of three. They're two and one. That's good. They do 18,121 on a day when nobody's in town, which I think
that's pretty impressive. We'll see how long it goes up. I'm still surprised. Although Don Trova's pitching, which he's always brings out a lot of extra people, right? It's true. Yes, absolutely. But I think that's that's fine. More power to him. I have nothing against him and nothing for him. I just, but given away, I'm looking away. Those lines are bringing another frantic. We want those tickets. We want some heat tickets last season. And this is the truth. Now, keep in mind. This is a team that eventually won a World Series. Okay. As we all know, your world champion Florida Marlins. We couldn't, Georgian. I discussed it many times. Any year. We
couldn't give tickets away. Literally, we could not give them more in a year. True. Yeah. It was tough early in the season. Then for all came along and for all that. He made his whole show about giving tickets away, which is one of the many reasons he had around no more. Although, a lesser reason. Those are crazy shows. There were horrible shows. Crazy. Horrible shows. We give up. I was in the middle of parking. I got 50,000 people out there in my section. We'll have an orgy in a section G. Yeah. We'll look for the G spot. And it was, it was just awful stuff.
And all just just time. He did give a lot of people to come out there for free. Of course, the interesting part about that is she has the psychology of it is you get the tickets for free. But then you get out there and you have to buy, you know, I have to pay for parking. You have to pay for sodas and beers and all this other crap, you know. And whoever was peddling the drugs out there in that section, they had a pay for those. But, but it's just the psychology of all I got the ticket for free. So therefore, and of course, the interesting part of that is probably the ticket is one of the cheapest things in a whole deal, right? Of course.
We got two polls we're going to do today. First one's pretty boring. But the second one I was inspired when fat boy came in this morning.
Josh, were you sitting there when fat boy was here for that experience? Hi, a pal. I mean, he's one of those people you just cannot taste away. He just doesn't get it. He just will not go away. And comes in there and gets on him. Oh, hi, a pal. Hey, what's going on? How's everything with you? I can't wait to see him on the day back. Oh, man. He's enough to make me cancel my trip. I'll be honest with him.
So the second poll I think is going to be really sensational. We'll see. The first one for a sister and hour will do this. First one to 11. It's obligatory. I guess who do you think was most responsible for allowing 9-11 to happen?
We also have to add nobody could have stopped it on there. Okay. Can you handle that? I can handle it because I didn't fax that to Eric.
Who do you think was most responsible for allowing 9-11 to happen? FBI CIA, kind of Lisa George W. Bush, Bill Clinton or nobody could have stopped it.
Now, I don't know. Maybe there are other people who should be putting on there, but I don't know.
Don't you think that how about the C.I. is George Tenet? So I think that covers it pretty well. Yeah, pretty much.
Key White House memo being declassified after Condoleez is rather embarrassing and nervous performance yesterday.
In response to a request by the 9-11 Commission, the White House is now working to declassify that PDV.
Everybody else is talking about PDVs. Most people don't even know what that is. They think it's like PCP and TCB.
Yeah, what is that? Presidential daily briefing. These are highly classified documents.
Anyway, this one was August 6, 2001. A document that was the subject of that heated questioning during Condoleez's testimony yesterday.
We're actively looking at the declassification process right now to determine the possibilities of making the August 6 PDV available.
The National Security Council spoke to Sean McCormick because the political pressure is tremendous and because they want to cover the reins.
Got it? Yes.
10-13. Happy Easter. Happy Pace Off, man. They're still sucking up that MOTSA.
Oh, I love it. Like it's going to... No, you don't. What do you love anything? MOTSA is tasteless.
Right. You loved assault in the butter around there. Did you ever eat it plain? Did you know that it was salt and butter?
I don't eat it with butter. I just eat it plain right off the box. Oh, no!
Yeah. That's how I was taught. My parents make MOTSA broil at the time, which is good.
By the way, some bad news. I don't know if I should mention it on here about George's brother passing away.
Oh, I don't know about that.
I didn't either until Fat Boy told me. Sorry, George sent along our sympathies to George in his family,
but he's had a long streak of bad stuff going on in that family.
But anyway, he passed away. You know what he was?
Fat. That's what Fat Boy told me. The fat people of the dead people. I just mentioned AdZack.
Oh. So, quote with a MOTSA craft, 10-14 at QAM,
if your mattress is worn out, maybe because you're a fat slobby like wearing it out, just laying on it.
Dylamaxus is the place you ought to be calling it 1-800 meters, because these folks back up everything they say
they're advertising 600%. Their competitors still lie like crazy.
When you see a mattress at making outrageous claims, be sure and read that fine print because
there are lots of lies waiting in the weeds for. For example, here's a big headline that says,
no down payment, no at Chris, no payments for 24 months. Well, guess what?
Tiny print at the bottom reads like an encyclopedia of disclaimers requires a minimum purchase higher than
the advertised sale price. Many times not a single advertised item would even qualify for financing.
And interest penalties are 21% or more. Forget about it. Shoppers in these financing the most rarely even qualify.
When you do business with Dylamaxus, you should be pretty pleased to know that the ads have no tiny print,
no disclaimers, no lies. When you call 1-800-Matrus, your fine authors never
have a chance to charge for same day delivery. Dylamaxus takes same day orders all day long from
candlestore to at Palm Beach to Ford Myers. When you call 1-800-Matrus, you pick the date and
two-eyed delivery window, you want your mattress delivered, they show up, set up the brand,
no one take away the crappy smelly old bedding too, an extra charge. So call right now and you'll
understand why Dylamaxus is ranked the best in the world, no more or no, in overall customer
satisfaction. And Dylamaxus reminds you to read that fine print because they want to make sure you
know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So do what I've been doing for
years, give them a call at 1-800-Matrus or log onto that website of theirs at matrus.com.
Dylamaxus 1-800-MATTRES, the honest and the smart way to get you a great night's sleep for years
to come.
WIOD. Hello.
Ticket Central. Hello, Colonel, how's the ticket please?
To for what? Uh, Neil just now sent the ticket to his giving.
What are they for? Uh, yeah. Yeah, I don't know. I guess I can't get them because I don't
know what they're for. Well, I mean, if you wanted them to. But I mean, if you wanted a free
ticket, so you don't know what they're for. Why do I just because they're free? You want them just
because they're free and you don't even know what they're for. Yeah. For the horse races.
For the horse races? Yeah. Or in the horses in in top of the.
They're for races in pompano at the Irish fest. They're having horse races at
the municipal stadium. Well, you tell me what that for. I want them because I have some friends
out of town. I want to give it to them. For what? For the horse races? I don't know. Where's the
why did you call? You heard that magic word, didn't you? Free, right? Isn't that what you did?
You heard Neil say free. Hello? Hello? Yes. You want them? Yes, I was like them.
Hold on. That's the right. Oh, that's the greatest call of all time. It's a free ticket lady.
That's what's off Florida radio is all about. That's what's off Florida is all about. Forget the
radio park. That's unbelievable. That's what it is all about right there. That's a nasty. But
I just sad old lady. I wouldn't even say nasty. Just said she had no idea what they were for.
Anyway, I noticed that we haven't added that on. I know that Josh is under a lot of other ways.
He got it. Nobody could have stopped it. Just did it when I wasn't looking. Always
when I least expected he sticks it right in there. Anyway, we got on the behind the available
Robini curtain thing on our website, NeilRudges.com today. If you're over the age of 75 and have
many pieces of ID and 45 adults who will vouch for you, Leanne Tweedon. Do you know who that is?
Oh, yeah. The lovely picture by the way her bio goes on forever. Leanne Vales Tweedon was born on
June 13th 1973 in Manassas, Virginia, which makes sure about 30 men. He closed through it in a few
weeks. She's 5'8", was 115. Her measurements are 34, 24, 35. She has brown hair and eyes. Well,
this is some bio. In fact, a lot of things in here. I can't even read on the air. She's got
I can't say that. Leanne took off for Colorado Springs at the tender age of 17 where she worked
as a weight percent hooters. Although much attention is paid to her employment at hooters,
it seems she actually only worked there for two days. She gave up acceptance at Harvard to go
into modeling full time. She was a playboy, a cover girl. She was on this. She was on at Star
Search TV series. The Vicki Lauren Show Eden Quest, Jerry Springer Show Entertainment tonight.
1996 was her big break year when she landed a role in fitness beats on ESPN 2.
Cover model and posted for layout at August 66 issue of playboy. Also,
being the model for lead character, new comic book, COVID-13 from No Mercy Comics.
You know what that is? No clue. Well, I'm surprised at that. I thought you'd be reading
pornographic comics. There you go. Leanne Tweedon, who ain't no Leanne Rhyme. She's on her
while website today. If you have plenty of ID. Now, also on our website, because I'm not going to
definitely take the time to read all of this, it would be really ponderous. But those people
were either a little bit dubious or maybe just curious about Condoleez's testimony yesterday,
which I thought we did a pretty entertaining job if I say so myself. Absolutely. It wasn't as
entertaining as giving away those tickets. Nevertheless, come on, Joe. Don't do that no more. Don't let
clearance destroy your show. I know it's a clearance thing, man. That kid is such a putz.
Give it away tickets. Boy, that is so, oh man. It is so low, so desperate. In fact,
what we ought to do is auction those tickets off on the Beasley website. Don't you think our
QM dot com? Yeah, why not? And pretend the money's going to charity. It's another great revenue
stream. If you ask me, huh? Anyway, on our website, we got a great article claim versus fact,
RICE's question and answer testimony before the 9-11 commission. It's written by the Center for
American Progress. And it goes down statement by statement. For, yeah, I just give you an example.
I just read one because it's very long claim. I don't remember any reports to us a kind of
strategic warning that planes might be used as weapons responding to Tom Kane. Fact,
Condoleez with the top national security official with President Bush at the July 2001 G8
summit in Summit in Genoa. Their US officials were warned that Islamic terrorists might attempt
to crash an airliner into the summit, prompting officials to close the airport airspace over Genoa
and station any aircraft guns at the city's airport. And then it gives you the source for all these
two LA times White House release. And it goes on point by point to account or a lot of what she said
yesterday as she lied through that big gap in her teeth. But a lot of people were very impressed by
Dr. Rice or Dr. Clark, whatever her name is. Now here we got promos today too. This will kill
some good time. Join Goldied Night 6th to 8th at the Davy Quarter Deck. That's guilty. In fact,
if you talk to him real I so just sit there and make that sound for a couple hours at 31-55 South
University Drive. Stop by for Amsterdam Light Specials when Marlon tickets now we're talking.
And registered one opportunity WQM Iceland open in June. What is that?
The WQM Iceland? Yep. What is it? Oh the Iceland open. See this is so poorly written.
I mentioned this is a Miguel thing. I mean Clarence thing. The QM Iceland open in June.
There must be some golf tournament or some stupid thing. And then join George tomorrow afternoon
from Noondil to its cellular land and authorized Verizon Wireless Store at 4410 West 16th Avenue in
Highlea. Stop by to win Marlon's tickets and other low budget prizes that we have a QM that's
a tomorrow from Noondil to. So poor George who they just buried his brother I guess.
A little hesitant to say that because Fat Boy has been older. He would make something like that up.
I hope George will tell you about the evils of fat. In fact you ought to go by their Zach. Maybe
you can talk into like dropping that baloney sandwich on the ground and just giving it to the pigeons
or something. We have the money here? Yeah in fact I'm hearing it right now. Look at that
poll already man. We're only doing this the first hour then I got a fun poll for us. All right.
What do you think was the what you see right there? You're fasted back to me. I know. What do you
think? I would let you offer there so far but you're pushing. What do you think was the most
responsible who for allowing 9.11 to happen? 115 votes. George W. Bush 47 the CIA 20. Nobody could
have stopped at 14. Conda Lisa 13 FBI 11 and Bill Clinton 10 so far. So hop on it real quick
because at 11 o'clock we're going to change it. I mean when and the next poll is going to be I
think it's kind of fun. I was inspired of course by that visit I had this morning. This is the
furthest thing for my mind but when he came in the word obnoxious came to mind. He just drives
me up the wall and he doesn't get it. I just don't want to talk to him. I don't want to see him.
He even threatened to come in and those shorts again on Monday just so I could see him in his shorts
and I said I would steal the poop bag off the plane just in case. Do you hear what that was? Do
you hear that sound Josh? That sounded like I'm trying to I'm trying to imitate you. Zach is
auditioning for Gellie's spot. Well some of you'll have to fill the breach. In fact you could
be back with Mo again. Wow. When Gellie starts doing those Panther games if they ever have another
season whenever that's going to be then you can be back together with your best personal friend.
Mo. Absolutely. Say that could be interesting. Match made in heaven. Yep. So this is going to be the
second poll based on what you know and here on the ear. Who do you end this is just for fun just
to rip somebody and ask who do you pick is the most obnoxious person at WQA. Now here's the list
I got so far Todd Dreck Jeff high also known as. Hi. That boy. Yoldie. Neil George. Hank. The Hebrew
hammer. Maddie. More Howard David. Absolutely. Scrooan. Freaky Carlos. Greg Reed. Duff. Clarence and
Eddie K. I put Eddie K. on her just because he's on the stamp. But he's not going to oh I left off
the big oh yep be sure and add him on her too he'll get a lot of votes. The big oh did I leave
anybody else off conspicuous Kim Bo camp or I'm not putting him on her nobody would vote for him right
no that would be like that would be like putting Ken Maldon on there I mean Ken is just a sweet
heart he's a great guy I know but anybody that would call Ken obnoxious we come and beat that
person up right. Oh absolutely. And the big other people think he's obnoxious but he does go to
that combine the NFL combine and pays his own way we want you to know that okay that's very important
so that'll be the pull of 11 o'clock we got the Stern story of course the FCC just continuing to go
wild I told you but everybody thought I'm overreacting there's Neil again getting too carried away
all melodramatic I told you and if anybody really thought Clear Channel was putting Stern back on
here in Florida or any other Clear Channel stations man oh I can there's only one word that you
need to think over okay. Oh god about it right that's official now but there was never any chance it
was going to happen anyway because they lie a lot. 27 past 10 at 560 WQM if you want to know
more about following a low carb diet because fat people are dying like crazy I want to know that
fat is not where it's at Zach. What if you want the best tasting biggest election of low
carb foods head for the lights of Westboker whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins the
Sugar Busters the Skatkins the South Beach Stadirade those low carb sugar red diets the lights of
Westbokers always been the number one low carb store in America and for good reason with over 1200
low carb products to choose from including breads bagels cookies crackers chips brownies chocolate
carbolite ice cream pasta sauces ketchup cheesecakes and so much more. Quality's great. Exactly. And
don't forget if it's new and great tasting in the low carb line the lights have it before anybody
else always they're open every day seven days a week from 10 in the morning till 10 pm and you
can always try anything in the store before you be buying it and the staff at the lights ring
those dieting inside and out they can have the out and as far as Atkins brands products are
concerned you lights carries the biggest line the biggest selection and they're always on sale
all day every day even on Sookas the lights of Westboker they're on the northeast corner of Glades
in 441 that's right next to Boston Market who amazingly are still around column toll free
delights at 1 877 low carb that's L.O.W. C.A.R.B. you're on the web you'll find them at lowcarb.com
don't forget there's only one lot of stores have similar names don't get sucked in there's only one
delights at Westboker's your official Atkins retail center
do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their 5-o versus better
well I have the answer to your prayers from the makers of you think my martyr comes again the whole
family can enjoy crucifixion crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to know
and it's easy to play first someone picks a word or phrase from the bible and the rest of the
group takes turns trying to spell it but be careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus
doll gets nailed I'll take a guess um how about a kiss nope sorry Billy
after three nails in one spear to the chest everyone loses but don't worry in three days you
can play again so run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy
of crucifixion why not play tonight comes with a small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear fake
blood wooden cross and hammer not included crucifixion a product of Trinity brothers that's a very bad
taste I'm with Friday night with 1031 got some bad news from Iraq oh large explosion heard in
a central bag that they're actually on CNN got the pictures there from Al Jazeera what you
really can't see anything you even see there you look at it oh no no no that's why not the tv is
not working right I got it Josh wait wait the tv in my studio there is not working right I turn
the power on turn it on again turn it on again I get nothing so I'm gonna have to do it during
the break and try to fix it I see anyway with a show on all these pictures but there's really
nothing to see because you know there's some trees there's some palm trees in fact it looks like
calendar I think that was a picture of hell and Dale anyway there's some bad crap going on over
there again today and some more bad crappy racking surgeons said they had seized four Italians into
Americans on the western outskirts of Baghdad today now yesterday we saw the South Koreans the
seven Getskies that they released but then the three Japanese what they had the did you see that
footage yes that was really a grotesque stuff it's amazing what they show just terrorizing those
poor people and just the were the knives to the throats and the guns to their heads and telling
the Japanese that if they don't take all their troops out of there which and they don't have all
that many what is this 550 something like that but if they don't take their troops out that
within three days they're gonna like burn those people alive and knowing the kind of barbarians
that were talking about wouldn't surprise me if they did it a writer and the japan says no we're
not gonna do that a writer's journalist saw two captive foreigners said by the insurgents to be
a tag insid a mosque in a village in the Abu Ghraib district one was wounded in the shoulder both
were weeping why did they weep us soldiers in the tank in the area near the village of al-Dahab al-Aba
who knows what these names are said they knew some Americans but taken hostage but had no details
that's why we're sealing off the road said one soldier so this is the new deal now that they're
taken hostage and making all kinds of threats and it's just by day by day getting worse and worse
last reportedly heard near the Sheraton hotel in Baghdad is what CNN is reporting right now
it's a mess it's a quagmire you can't spell quagmire without irq got it got it you can't spell
a rack without clear something like that who do you think most responsible for night loving
a happen and i love the way that Josh continues is a literate run here it's beautiful nobody could
have stopped it he's got not nobody could have stopped it nobody could have stopped it now you
can't possibly be that illiterate okay and realize you're working a Q.A.M. that's seriously I mean
you sound fairly articulate like you can put like a string of sense together I realized the
pressure working with Dave Van Boring is there to get to you but nobody could have stopped it
I just put with you what you said that's all no I think I said nobody could have stopped it
you know what I said Zach yeah thanks and that would like any rational articulate person even like
some slump like me would say nobody could have stopped it have not nobody could have stopped
well why bother anyway George W. Bush 81 nobody could have stopped it 34 C.I.A. 29 condolences to
21 FBI 13 and Bill Clinton is got 12 by the way Clinton testified for a three-hour yesterday
behind closed doors and they say he done a good job is what they said and he was cracking a lot
of jokes about the blue dresses what I'm here and two anyway speaking of that kind of stuff
clear channel officially drop Stern's program after the FCC yesterday find the nation's largest
radio operator chief channel $495,000 for comments made during Howard Stern's show the penalty
against clear channel was the second largest find ever issued by the government for an
indecency violation trailing the 755,000 level penalty against clear channel in January for four
shows hosted by radio personality Bubba loves bunch in Tampa windows appear broken at the Sheridan
hotel is what it says here large explosion in central Baghdad and they're showing I don't know a
couple of soldiers there and they're walking around it probably got the cameras in the wrong place
clear channel immediately announced that it dropped Stern from its stations that it broadcasted
show in February with the threat of the fine looming career channel suspended Stern show let me
say it again they never had any intention believe me of putting him back on in Miami or any
there are six markets mr. Stern show us created a great liability for us another broadcasters who
are it said John Hogan president of clear channel radio the congress and the FCs and now I understand
why my friend Derek can't stand John Hogan the congress and the FCC are beginning to look at
revoking station licenses that's a risk we're just not willing to take said John Hogan Hogan also
cited what he called a deafening silence from the Stern show on their future plans to comply with
the law in a statement on his website Stern deride the FCC and Bush administration for imposing
their opinions and rights to tell us all who and what we were listening to and watching how we
should think about our lives he added it's pretty shocking that governmental interference into our
rights and free speech takes place in the US which I've been trying to tell this audience for weeks
and weeks and weeks now but like that and of course Howard if he would have hopped on that thing
right he had the perfect vehicle area that opportunity from his own listener that Scott kid in the
York if he would have worked with him he could have had the million signatures in two or three days
at least yeah and they could have already placed that big head they could have liked at least
tried to put the brakes on this madness at least got the public to have a voice but no
Stern's pocket of show is aired in major markets nationwide for more than two decades during
that time the FCC is levied fines of more than $1.7 million against infinity or unit of
iacom and finity on Stern show broadcasted on 18 stations across the country including WCKGFM
in Chicago infinity which in the past has said it had no plans to take Stern off any of its
station that no comment yes then the FCC fine in the same order by the way against clear channel
the FCC asked its enforcement staff to investigate Stern's broadcast on infinity stations in all
35 stations nationwide still carries Stern's show proponents of legislation in congress to
increase punishments for broadcast deemed indecent regularly site Stern's radio and tv shows as
examples that crossed the line i guess they forget that his tv show was on cable on e that's right
the FCC guided by court orders defined certain well we know what that is a movement to crack down
on broadcast deemed indecent is gained momentum since the pop singer Janet Jackson's
breast was exposed Janet Jackson's the anti-crystal that was just an excuse but that's the tragic
part of the whole deal is they use that as an excuse to just go crazy and just trash the first
amendment trash people's choices trash the broadcast industry the point where there's basically
nothing left it's just a deforestation thing even Jeff de Forts is upset about it it was
the FCC's fine again i beg your pardon i'm sorry it was perfect timing i mean that thing popped
out and that was it that was they there was a great excuse for them to shut down on everybody
the FCC's fine against third channel to get with the listener to complain about the broadcast
of Stern's show on wbgg the company stationed in Fort Lauderdale April 9 broadcast of last year
in a 20 page order that focused on two segments from that show the FCC said it found Stern's
discussion of the sexual practices of certain cast members to be patently offensive specifically
the FCC said in an exchange of which Stern told the audience that a cast member john and his wife
have anal sex every other time they do it that john's wife loves anal this is a new story by the
way i'm just reading it the FCC also cited Stern's comments regarding his personal revulsion at
the thought of a naked sweaty obese man engaging in oral sex it ended at Stern's discussion of
anal sex and his comment here on oral sex are punctuated by the sound of someone passing gas
or evacuating the fine covered the same broadcast on third channel stations in Pittsburgh
San Diego, Louisville, Coco Beach, Florida, and Honeyoi Falls, New York. Oh my god.
Honeyoi Falls. Where's that? Oh you don't want to know it's upstate New York.
The five member FCC board made up of three Republicans and two Democrats voted unanimously
to approve the indecency fighting and the fine. Oh we're fine. Yeah San Antonio based
third channel can appeal the fine but it's not expected to do so earlier this year they paid
that almost $800,000 fine for Robert Love's bunch. While the fines are large for a 200 station
company such penalties easily could put smaller broadcasts out of business Thursday the union
that represents honor radio and TV personalities one that the company's quick decision to drop Stern
demonstrated the dangers of allowing one company to control a large portion of the media.
This is likely to set a terrible precedent said Tom Carpenter national director of news and
broadcasting for the American Federation of Television Radio Artists after a there were likely
to be some very serious repercussions for artists to be heard or seen when one company can
determine the decency standards for somebody listeners in so many parts of the country.
The penalty against third channel mark the first time the FCC has applied a year old stepped
up enforcement policy on indecency violations and just as a little foot note even though this
is very small potatoes and the FCC yesterday released a memorandum opinion at order affirming a
$14,000 for per year penalty against MS radio license corporation for willingly willfully broadcasting
indecent material over WKQQQQQQX in Chicago. The commission agreed with enforcement bureau that
the station had repeatedly aired indecent material during its main cows morning madness program.
The commission rejected MS's arguments that they're complaints is not including
up information to supply in decency findings. So there's 14 grand but that's small potatoes.
That's the MS. So there you go the incentive windows appear broken at the Sheridan Hotel
and Baghdad not the insurgents with the Iraqi people to recover their wounded care for their people
gift supplies. I imagine food and water becoming an issue within. They said it was a
deafening explosion is what they're describing it at the Sheridan Hotel in Baghdad is the
insanity discontinued. Now let me just ask you one thing to ponder in your mind okay.
Even though Sodom was a bad guy he of course was our bad guy for a long long time but he was a bad
guy and he slaughtered all those innocent people and he gasped the courage and yadda yadda was all
of his terrorism all these explosions all this death and was this going on in Iraq before last
March? Nope. Oh I just mentioned something to think about. I mean maybe we're just not
supposed to care about that but was Iraq a hotbed of terrorism? No. No.
But don't confuse the public with the facts that the 45 or 50% whatever it is that are just adamant.
You know the Bush people who are professional bush monsters? Yeah.
Who are probably just as ignorant and maybe even more so than he is. That's the problem man.
Like of education in America. I mean look at Josh for quite a lot. Nobody could oh and the
Eric changed that because you can't change your right once you put some crap on there. That is correct.
So Eric came to Josh's rescue and put nobody could have stopped it because he didn't
Eric was so embarrassed for you and humiliated and degraded. He doesn't want anybody thinking that
he's responsible for anything so he's a little bit and degrading as nobody could have stopped it.
I mean come on Josh you can do better than that. You're doing a fine job but you're just
the last couple of days starting to show your ass okay. It's probably my fault.
And the way things are going right now and after the Janet Jackson business you should be learning
and do not show your ass. In fact I got used to be that John what was the con boy I'm not
hiding light. One of the writers for a hundred years on it so he got canned because he wrote a
script in which one of the kids shows his ass on it. Just just a cheek or two. Unbelievable. Yeah got
canned. That's the atmosphere in America today. Deutschland Oberolas. High Hitler. High Hitler and
Highell Bush. 1042 at 560 WQM. Spring into savings right now and saved like never before on a
new card truck from Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. Your fund amount US 120 minutes south of the
836. So it's the piece of cake to get there and believe me it's worth the drive to make
a way to where you are because these folks are going to save you thousands on great new toyotas.
Check out the great least deals waiting for you right now at Armstrong's and 04 camera your
for run it just 269 a month for 48 months. How about an 04 Highlander just 309 a month leave a truck?
How about an 04 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America you pay only 179 a month for 48 months.
These are just some of the fantastic savings for you waiting right now at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the
sun to cut you a deal so you can get you into a new Toyota today. Experienced for yourself the
Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference. They're locally owned, locally operated. They're committed
to 100% customer satisfaction and their service department is even open late to late. We'd
nights to make sure they get all your service work done. Easy to get there there in US 1 and 2 93rd
in Homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836 like I said. An Armstrong Toyota Homestead. Listen
very carefully now. They offer your free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life. That's
correct. You get tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else does that. So don't waste
your time at those mega dealers or car drives. Always give you the big song and then let's
you down. Do the smart thing and save yourself a ton of cash by calling David Rich the GM
at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. Call them at 305-242-3247-305-242-2247. Drive a little and save
a ton on that great new Toyota today at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
560-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-
2-3-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2
2-3-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2
2-3-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2
the Omaha World-Herald newspaper, this past Saturday, had a story about how the local
talk station here in Omaha is moving Bill O'Reilly showed after him drive to get him away from
Lardass Limbock as he can't compete with Rush. KKAR is the name of the station. Now, the story
is really no interest to anybody outside Omaha, yes, but the point, and of course, the fact
that Bill O'Reilly's video show is an absolute dud. I mean, in the South Florida market,
he has a big, no, no number at all. It doesn't even show up. Is that incredible?
Unbelievable. He sure put in a dent in Rush's audience, not.
But anyway, talk radio station KKAR is shaking up its schedule in Omaha's to the story.
Now, here's the deal. They have a local yoke in the morning, which I don't know who he is,
but then Laura Ingram hand broadcast 8-11 AM Omaha time. Laura Ingram, right wing bitch.
Steve Brown, local personality 11-2, which I can only assume he must be right wing because
wait until you're the other people, the rest of your lineup, 2-5, he have known Sean Hannity,
the radio factor with Bill O'Reilly, 5-7 in the afternoon, and Neil Boerth from Atlanta,
another right wing, Lunkhead, 7-10 at night. What a lineup, huh?
Right wing bitch. Oh, you think you're well, right?
Keep in mind that there's some other station in the market that's carrying Rush. So,
fair and balanced, baby. That's what American and all these people, oh, the liberal media,
the liberal media, right? The liberal media, my fat ass. So, even Zack's fat ass is embarrassed for
you people to talk about the liberal media. Forget about it. It's crazy. 5-6705-60-0.560 on 18
and T and Verizon wireless line. Who do you think was most responsible for allowing 9-11 to happen?
291 votes George W. Bush 117. Nobody could have stopped at 58. C.I.A. 48,
Condoleezah 27, 50-23 and Wilk Pinto in 18. W.Q.A. Am hello?
Yes, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, I just wanted to let you know, I watched a little bit of
Condoleezah yesterday and the thing that really agitates me is the fact that our total callousness
for what happened right now, I mean, really, I mean like reducing, you know, the loss of
9-3,000 people to a systemic breakdown. Yeah. And also, you know, it gets me like, she talks
about how we know about what would happen that we were going to attack us by planes. We would have
done everything to stop. I mean, what if you expect, you know, to try to send her emails that,
yeah, here we come, you know, mark it down on your calendar, Condoleezah. Yeah, I like the fact
you keep saying, well, in that, the PDB on August 6th, there wasn't like a date and a time and a place
and then is an insult to the total people who died in their life. To America. And again,
the refusal to admit that maybe we could have done more. You know, I mean, we're not saying,
you know, come out and say, hey, I'm guilty. It's my fault. But just, you know, like, what's your
clock? Your government failed you. We let you down. We're sorry. Not even that. It's just total.
No contrition at all from Condoleezah. Yeah, just total callousness. I mean, 3,000 people gone as if,
you know, hey, it's just a cost of doing business. Really. I mean, I hate to say that she's responsible,
but you know, she was being told by many people, pay attention to, you know, it's al Qaeda,
you know, it was natural. Given the history of Iraq, it was natural for the prison to be
thinking that Iraq may have been behind it. I mean, it's just so unacceptable and so ludicrous to
be talking such crap. And you had a lot of family members who were, you could see they was
visibly upset crying about, you know, just, you know, again, reducing it to nothing more than an
operation. Well, what about the family members of all those kids that are dying over there right now?
Six more of our troops died in the last two days. I just saw it on a crawl, but they don't even bother.
We don't even see the names very rarely. Once in a great while, they might, if you're watching
around the clock, they might put a name on there and give a little buy or something, but these kids
are just being slaughtered over there and now they're taking hostages and they don't seem to care.
You know, they have no, no, no admission of making a mistake. You know, me, my brother's gone here
with his family and he's got two children that are like, you know, teenagers, 16 and 14 and they
so blinded by bush thinking he's done everything and they believe that, you know, because a
rack was a threat, you had to go after them and I said, you know, in two years, you're going to be
18. I said to my niece and my nephew was 15. I said, I want to see you people, you know, stop
being chickenwalk, go down to your, you know, to your armed forces recruiting center and sign up.
If you don't do that, you know, like Bush said, either you're with us or you're against us.
And I'm even talking to my niece and nephew anymore. That's how I feel. I mean, of course,
me relatives, I really don't care. This is how I'm upset. I am about you. Hang in there, Pellie.
You two, Neil. Have a great one. You two. How about you, Hugh Am? Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, listening to everything. You know,
Sardam used to sponsor the Palestinian suicide bodies by giving their family $25,000 each time
they did that. Yeah, I would call that the sponsorship of terrorism. I don't think it was a far
leap for Bush to think that maybe there was a connection. I agree that we shouldn't have went in.
But I think we, you know, you got to be careful by just painting broad strokes and saying the
administration's a bunch of, you know, idiots and they are a bunch of idiots.
They're not actually to say that idiots would be a compliment. They're a bunch of very dangerous
chicken hawks as what they are. These are people who never fought in themselves in combat. These
are before they even stole that election. So to suggest that these people are actually taking
fact and using that, let me say again, if you really want to talk about who is responsible for
an I-11, why didn't we invade Saudi Arabia? 15 to the 19 hijackers were Saudi Arabians.
That would have been too easy. And the financing, by the way, for Osama came from the Saudi
world family. I agree. One one thing I just want to say with the poll. If you could put a question
up, I don't like this poll. I think that will be harmful because sometimes I don't vote because I
don't like the polls. Though I would vote if it was a good poll. Okay. Have a great day, Palli. He
don't like our poll. Well, that's what it goes. I always thought if he didn't like the poll or
you weren't interested, he just wouldn't vote. Are we lacking for votes? No. But anyway,
this is again, religious madness, crazy religious people that's going on over the world.
Nobody know where wants to talk about it. Just as lonely little voice here. And of course,
you know me, they old heathen. Texas mom believed some would resurrect. You know, that crazy bitch
in Tyler Texas, the Anna Laney. A woman who killed her two sons and injured the third, said she
refused anti-psychotic medication after her arrest until her older son failed to rise from the
dead under his ninth birthday. She'd expected. Oh, that's so beautiful. That's so beautiful. Yeah,
Diana Laney, 39, also said she felt in broad and spiritual warfare, considered killing
herself after her arrest and worried how her surviving son would cope, according to a transcript
of a pretrial psychiatric interview obtained by the Dallas Morning News. Laney was found innocent
by reason insanity. We already know that. In a transcript of an interview in December with
prosecution psychiatrist Park Deets, she said she refused medication until after Joshua's birthday
in late July. She told another psychiatrist she smelled sulfur in herself and thought it was a
sign that the devil was near. How do you like that? Oh my God. The devil is near.
She said she didn't mention that earlier because she thought everything happening to her was
spiritual warfare. And I didn't think he would understand any of it. The newspaper said,
I didn't want to kill my kids. I felt like I had no choice because God told me to do that.
And I was taught to obey God. Just like God told the Jews to kill all their enemies and be sure
don't miss any of them in the Old Testament. This is nothing new. This is going to be going on since
the beginning of recorded time. My religion is great. You're really a heathen. We're going to
make you an offer you camera fuse. Whether it's the Catholic Church, whether it was the Jews killing
all their enemies, no matter who it is, whether it's the crazy fundamentalist Muslims today. Nothing
new. But nobody's going to tell you that because they're terrified. They're scared,
crapless of religion and the Pope that's the only old man. They hit him under this morning because
it's good Friday. He's blessing everybody and he's doing, he's sitting there shaking man.
Looks like Janet Reno on a bad day. God almighty somebody bring them a shaky speech at
please and commons old ass down. He'll Papa 1057 at 560. Large explosion. Your bag that sure in
hotel. Right now because we are in more hostages, more prisoners being taken. Americans, Italians,
Japanese, you name it, they got them.
Holy macken on. This is Joe Boer in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening
to the Hockey Authority, Neil God.
I got really fond.
Then married my friend.
Oh baby, I was smashed when we were.
So I don't know if it was come to my bed.
I might use my money because I didn't sign up for now.
I told my lawyers. I got drunk again. I was having a bad thought he was just in.
Oh baby baby. I said that I do. I had too much food.
I can't hold my liquor. I got drunk again.
Last time I get that. I kissed a doll.
Oh baby baby. I popped a few corks. Then married some door.
I've done an idiot.
This is exciting. We got a fire alarm in my building now. Are you ready for that?
Nice. So maybe you'd like to actually, it's in the parking garage. So it's not like in a residential part of my building.
Shut up, honey. You're talking to a loud. I'm doing a radio show on here.
Wait until you hear the alarm start though. I guess I better close my door.
We're a little tuner, Zach.
I don't know much tunes, but I'll try my best.
There you go. I shut the door.
Good. You can still hear that, I bet though.
If they come out and make an announcement that the building is burning down and all of a sudden you hear dead air,
just to plan to do a show, Zach. You and Josh. What? It should be interesting.
Well, you don't think I would sit here and get fried just for Greg Reed to you.
Human sacrifice on Good Friday. Neo Rogers is human sacrifice. I don't think so.
Anyway, here's the final result of the first poll.
We'll give out free tickets. There you go. Give away the rest of those tickets.
In fact, the audience is probably for many reasons.
Who do you think was most responsible for allowing 9-11 to happen?
344 votes. George W. Bush 135. Nobody could have stopped at 70.
CIA 56. Condoleezza 31. FBI 28. Bill Clinton 24.
Boy, that thing is so annoying, man. You have no idea how loud.
Can you actually hear that on the ear that the alarm?
Very, very, very low. Very faintly. That's because I got the door closed.
I guess it would add a lot of excitement if I could have like, you know, just...
Look at his Pope. Here's confessions during Good Friday services. There he is. He's shaking.
He's touching. He's got... He's got to really... Sunday go to meet and cut about that on day.
Olis and there goes that alarm really big time. That's like that. You hear it?
This is almost as exciting as the day the power went out and I had to do this show on the phone for a bunch of time.
Oh, nice. Actually, I could do so. I could take my cell phone outside.
If worse comes the worse, I have to evacuate. But then again, if we evacuate...
Remember what the FCC said about those evacuating sounds?
Yep. Be careful.
I better open the door again because if you make some announcement, I don't want to be sitting here talking to you,
Boseos while I find out the building is going to burn down.
Yeah, I thought a great idea.
So you open up the door. Then you can hear the sound of this hysterical thing, dude. It's great.
I'm excited to hear it.
You're that?
Oh my god.
Yeah. You ain't heard nothing yet.
It's like my alarm clock.
It's something like my alarm clock.
Small area of Atlanta airport evacuated when suspicious package found.
A small area of Hartstead, Atlanta airport was evacuated Wednesday,
but it's a little late-given story, huh?
There's the fire department by the way. I can actually see the fire truck.
Is there like a real bitch's package?
The package was found in a men's restroom.
Did you hear this story?
No.
The FBI said the package contained a device similar to a military tripler containing a highly flammable substance that could have caused a risk injury to anybody handling it.
A tripler is a device that may be used to signal when an enemy is approaching
set to go off when triggered by movement of a taught wire.
A janitor found a package about 10.50 Wednesday morning described as being wrapped in duct tape
and having suspicious components protruding from it.
But it was wrapped in duct tape.
Maybe they had left that leftover from when Tom Ridge pulled everybody out and bought your duct tape.
And this queen.
Also, yes, US warning, Halt's Paris trains, police in Paris hauled a traffic on a commuter train line for about an hour through the evening
after the US warned French officials of a possible bomb attack.
A third of these found nothing suspicious and lifted the alert around 9.30 last night.
And this is kind of eerie with that thing going off in the back.
That sounds scary.
And he wanted to get in there.
Hear all the sirens outside the fire trucks are out there.
How's the weather?
There's another fire truck. It's on the way, baby.
Oh, man.
Those guys are quick.
Huh? They're not here, man.
Yeah.
Large explosion heard in the area of the Sheraton Hotel in Baghdad.
What does it be really good if I'm not going to take any calls here for while?
Because if I try to hear the callers, no chance.
Two chances nonetheless.
So let's get to the important poll for the day.
Based on what you know and hear on the year.
Because you know, we like to let the audience in on the various personalities in a building.
Because we've got such a amusing bunch.
Who do you pick is the most obnoxious person at WQAM?
We've never done this poll before.
Not quite this way.
We've given people a chance to take their shots, which the audience in some sort of love.
But nevertheless, not quite like this.
Based on what you know and hear on the year.
Who do you pick is the most obnoxious person at WQAM?
Now here's the list I got so far.
I've left anybody off.
Please hop right in there.
Maybe I'll be able to hear you, but I doubt it.
Todd Dreck.
This is going to be very difficult for me.
You think this is an easy choice?
No. In your case, I think it might be simple.
Absolutely.
But Todd Dreck, Jeff High, aka Fatboy,
Gildy, Neil, George, Hank, the Hebrew Hammer,
Mad Dog, Mohawar Davidd, all the crap you can unwrap,
all the slime, all the time.
Scrooan, freaky Carlos, he'll get some votes.
Greg Reed, Duff, Clarence, N.E.K. or the Big O.
No, I don't believe anybody obvious off of there.
I sure wish that they would stop just banging at the largest.
She already came on and made the announcement.
The alarms got to be annoying.
Huh?
It's got to be a little bit annoying.
This big going on for like just, just when we went into the break, this started.
Oh my god.
Hmm.
I might actually put CNN on here for a few minutes if this thing don't calm down.
Sure.
Let me do that.
I'm also going to have to ponder this thing who I'm going to vote for on here.
Yes, that's a tough choice.
Absolutely.
Well, I guess you know what push comes.
When push comes to show, I didn't put Dave Ann Boring on here because he's not really a staff member.
He's like, I don't think he even works for the station.
Doesn't he? Isn't he employed by the Marlins?
Yeah.
Josh?
Yeah, he works for the Marlins.
Marlins organizations.
So he's not really a QM staff member and probably just as well.
He's a little bit too boring for us.
Don't forget, join Golden Knight from 6 to 8 at the Davey Quarterback at 31-55 South University Drive.
Stop by for Amstelite specials.
Win Marlin tickets and register one trip for two to the WQM Iceland Open and June.
Whatever that is, we have no idea.
Do you know what that is?
Uh, no.
No.
Enjoying George tomorrow afternoon from noon to two at Seguro land and authorized Verizon Marlin store 4410 West 16th Avenue in Halea.
Stop by to win Marlin's tickets and other prizes too.
And we got lots of Marlin tickets.
We're just not given anyway because we're just a bunch of hardasses.
That's all.
Yep.
Do we really have tickets?
Sure.
We can give tickets.
I'm sure we can.
We're not giving them way though.
I'm not even with the fire alarm in the back.
If I have to lower myself, if I have to degrade the level of my existence, so you're having people big for tickets again.
I promised I did it a zillion times.
And I apologize for that.
It was terrible radio.
It's embarrassing.
I do like to see the way people degrade themselves.
It is kind of amusing.
And then hang up on them and leave them hanging.
But it just I can't do it anymore.
It's horrible radio.
Modern Japan doesn't send troops to foreign countries to start war.
So it doesn't expect to see sitons on the news caught in the violence of the conflict in Iraq.
Japan's constitution imposed by the U.S. during the occupation of following WW2 for BIDs war.
That's why the Japanese military is called the self-defense forces.
Self-defense is allowed.
And nothing else.
Oh, wait a minute.
We may begin announcement here on my fire alarm.
Okay.
Ready for this?
Yep.
Here we go.
Please, may I have your attention like this smacker right in the head.
Right.
Oh, what did that tell me?
They're investigating the alarm.
Somebody probably got drunk on Good Friday and meanked the thing.
No, why not?
Well, but the problem with that is that's fine.
But as soon as she shuts up saying that again, it's going to start.
It's going to start doing the same thing.
Are you really going to shut up?
Yeah.
Ok, was Spur.
Shit.
aling.
I was just...
It's not helping me out.
I just have output.
Yeah, don't I?
They were going.
was sitting there, what does that mean? No one that was just sitting there? I don't know
what that means. The Japanese parliament, oh I see, had to pass special legislation last
year to permit the deployment of any troops at all. So there was after WW2 we kind of
like locked the JAPS up and said they don't go out unless we ask you to. Those legalities
are of little comfort to a nation shocked by video images of three Japanese civilians
being held hostage in Iraq by gunmen who threatened to burn them alive unless Japan
Japan withdraws its troops from Iraq. That's the demand Japanese leaders are resisting.
We cannot give into the cowardly threats of terrorists so the Japanese prime ministers
can be in an emergency meeting with top officials and set up a task force to be spotted
at the kidnappings. Right now what we need to do is gather accurate information and bring
them home safely. He said how he's going to do that? I have no idea. Wait a minute. You
hear that stopped? Oh it's it's feels so good now that the pain stopped. Come on. Come
on, Kelly. Cut it out. No more. Now they got to say something, don't they? I hope so.
That's what we're doing. Now that was bad. Come on, say something honey. Give us some
information. It's probably another false alarm happens about once every six months just
to keep you on your toes and then of course every three or four months they have another
one of them. What do they like like a test of the firearm? The emergency test. Yeah.
And they just blast that thing and usually they do like about 7 30 in the morning. Oh
nice. So like if it's during the summertime on a day when I'm not working in a sound
to sleep cutting the season, I was like, back, back, back, back. Did you hear that? You just
give us. I was just teasing now. Yeah. Now it's just a tease. Okay. It's just a and
then you wait about 10 seconds and another one. Wow. We always listen. It's so great
about doing a show out of that studio because there the best we ever had was the firearm
went off and the fire and they never even showed up. They're right there. You know
where they are. The fire department wrote around our birthday road. Yeah. They're like
two blocks from the radio station. Yeah. They didn't bother showing up. They figure
A. It's either a false alarm or B. We don't care because we listen to IUD anyway. And
I probably bought your limboa liquor so it's the fire department. Sure. Or else they
were busy sliding up and on a greased pool. Okay. We still say that. Can't say it. Nope.
Okay. Now let me if you vote on here on this thing. Yes. I did. I'm voting for Todd
Dreck. Okay. You may think I was going to vote for Moe, but surprise. He don't need
my help. He'll get plenty from other people. I was I didn't vote for Moe either. Who
did you vote for? For brother not say problem. No. It's okay. Jeff. I. He voted for
Jeff. Hi. That's right. Wow. Good choice. Moe Howard David Adonos surprised 23. He's
right 13. The Hebrew hammer. Oh my god. But what have you done to everybody? That was
funny. Square nine who was one of his most recent recent objects of tremendous score
in the original rightfully so George six. Neil four. Yeldies got a pair. Mad dog
two. Greg Reed two. The big O's got one. Todd Dreck has got my vote. Nobody else. And
let's see Jeff. Highs got yours. Freaky Carlos one. None yet for Claret's Eddie K or
Duff out of the first 65 votes. Now how about Josh? Who did you vote for? Well she's
Zach voted to try and get to. On the network here. If you would have had a chance to vote
for home would you have voted? Freaky Carlos. A good choice. Excellent. So many good choices
in so little time. Large explosion. They're not giving us any more information about this
thing of the Sheridan hotel and Baghdad. I would suggest you not be making any reservations
there anytime soon. But also this is right where the Sheridan hotel. It's our camp. And
this is this is what was fired upon. Now I should look at their their just a bamping. They
haven't got any idea. They're just all for time again. They know nothing. 12 minutes after
leveled at 560 QA and your alarming station.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Oh LAUGHTER
LAUGHTER
It was a fossil arm.
That's it?
That's it, that's he all over.
But about 15 or 20 minutes of real excitement here,
lots of noise and lots of action going on.
Good Friday.
I got a thanks a little hysterical
from Stuttering Guild on there in a homestead.
It says, be careful.
The FCC's trying to burn you off the show.
Dr. Rice's Lithuomatch and the farm
had been told not to go in from the bushmeister.
Something like that.
I don't know.
I did have a little message.
It was slipped out of the door.
It said, you understand the Gestapo
came struts of everyone.
I don't know what that meant, but that's what it said.
5670560, pound 560, man, that was just mind blowing.
How the hell I got through that 50 minutes?
I have no idea.
Thank God for those spots.
Hey, hey, hey.
Bada, bada.
WDQA, hello.
Hey, Hill.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, man?
Pretty good.
Why don't you have a Josh search for your coffee
Coleman, get your idea that studio search for the one?
The coffee Coleman.
That's over a month.
What did he say?
The coffee Coleman.
What is that?
That's when you know it like Passover dinner when.
Oh, that was ju-talk.
I don't speak that like with Cyril Camahedin.
All right, I just want to dietary ju.
The coffee Coleman.
Yeah.
Like, you really know what that is?
Well, I don't know exactly what the meaning of it is.
I just know that I never heard that in my life.
I never heard that.
Yeah, they hide the coffee Coleman.
You got to find it.
It's a piece of Mosin.
The coffee Coleman?
Yeah.
You have to be Schmidt and me, man.
What is it?
It's a piece of Mata in a napkin.
A piece of Mata in a napkin?
I don't know what that means.
That's without butter.
That's the way I like it.
And what do you do with it?
Where do you stay?
I'm here.
Here, I did somewhere.
Whoever the head of the table is hides it in.
The kids look forward and they get money if they find it.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Fun for the people, my and his baby.
Let's celebrate somebody's more religious holidays,
man.
It's really great.
We got to one guy's hanging up there running across.
Everyone is going to go see all the blood
and the whipping and the slashing.
And then we got these crazy people
who are running around hiding in Mata and spinning the draital.
That's the wrong holiday though.
I care about them like you.
I care about the potato lockers and about the kishki and all
of those things.
Mata balls.
Oh, I'm talking about the good stuff.
Not Mata and all that garbage that people leave because it's
obligatory because somebody told them,
well, this is the top of the year we eat at Y.
Well, it's tradition.
Yes, it was slavery.
So it was beating your wife.
I mean, what does that mean?
So it was hating everybody.
I mean, well, what is tradition?
Just break away from the crap, man.
Break away.
Can you do it?
No, no, can't do it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles line.
Let's give away some tickets.
What do you say?
Just a joke.
Just testing.
Here's the deal.
Now that's clear channels made it official, even though it was
already efficient, I got to take my shoes off.
You know that while that alarm was blasting during the first
commercial break just before 11.
So what I'm doing, and I've had to do this once
before, is I'm like running around putting on my clothes on and my shoes.
So I'm sitting here fully clothed with just highly uncomfortable, but at
least I don't want the shoes on.
Anyway, now that's turned officially off of clear channel in perpetuity, in other
words, can't come in back.
You can go to our website nearranges.com and there are the logos for the eight South
Florida cheat channel stations.
And I'm just suggesting this again and it's a very strong suggestion.
If you want to show you a display to the clear channel, which they are definitely
connected with the anti-christ, make no mistake about it.
No.
Big 106.
And you probably didn't notice because you don't pay that much attention to the ratings,
I'm sure, either one of you.
But in this last trend, which was one week of stirring being off a big, they were already
taking a humongous drop.
Absolutely.
A humongous drop.
Just in one week out of the 12 weeks of the trend.
He's the cash cow.
Huh?
He's the cash cow for them.
So when he, well, big, I mean, who the hell is that crap music they're playing?
But when the entire book comes out at April 29, which is, what is today?
The ninth, twenty days.
So it's three weeks from yesterday.
When it comes out, you're going to see big just fall off the face of the earth.
Why 100?
What?
IOD.
Of course, the rush mice there, they won't turn him off.
But as you choice, you can make the statement or not.
WLVE, 1194, which only sueds, listen to jazz anyway.
103.5 men in black.
That's not our audience.
But I just mentioned WRFX, Fox Sports.
How many listeners they got?
About 30, man.
Zeta, 94.9, poor Paul and Ron, huh?
Poor old Paul and ancient Ron and the WCTH, FUNTER country, a 100.3, which I didn't even
know there was another FM in the market.
They must have their numbers, huh?
Yeah, I never heard of that.
100.3, FUNTER country FM, WCTH FM.
So those are the eight South Florida clear channel stations.
El Antichlisto, man, say goodbye to them immediately if not sooner.
And I'd also went just for Lint and for the holidays in general.
And once you finish hiding, what do you call it again?
You hide the one?
Offee Coleman.
Oh, Offee Coleman.
I thought he was like a driving a detract in the third race last night with Satch Warner.
You have to be kidding me.
How can I have lived all of this time?
You never found the Offee Coleman.
I'm outed by Jewishness, huh?
You never found the Offee Coleman to pass over to him.
I never heard of it.
I was only in a theater once in my lifetime that I can recall.
I was a little kid about five years old.
And I remember they gave me a little taste of the wine and I was just like,
like, stone off my ass.
Nice.
In fact, I can remember that's about the only memory I have of my grandfather
on my father's side who was a real boy.
What a classy family they were.
Not, but anyway, they're all dead now, including dead.
56670560, Pong 560 on.
Oh, that's a terrible thing to say, isn't it?
Yeah.
But that's my feeling.
See, one thing that let me give you a little piece of advice about life.
Sure.
You can pick your nose.
You can pick your friends, but you cannot pick your relatives.
That's true.
So these people who have spouted that crap, oh, blood is thicker than water all of that crap.
I find that, I mean, to each of us on your entire title of your own opinion,
I find that just ludicrous, you know?
Yeah.
I mean, it's just the luck of the draw who you're born to parents and your brothers and sisters
and uncles and cousins and aunts and all of these things.
All of these things.
Right.
That's just the luck of the draw.
You're right.
So some of your relatives may be really great.
They may be fabulous people.
There's that fabulous again.
And so maybe really, uh,
I'm not going to say anything that Josh has to dump again.
I don't want to put him in that position to have it like, you know, get all bent out of shape and nervous.
Have it a dump.
Like when I said,
bagged the other day.
Yep.
I apologize for that profusely.
I will never say,
see, the best way to wean yourself off all of this stuff,
especially with his fascist crap that's coming down from the FCC now
and from the Bush government and the Democrats too.
They're as spineless.
The best way is just not to say these things like in private off the air.
Follow?
Yep.
Because I'm just the kind of person, you know me.
I'm a potty mouth.
I talk that kind of crap on.
It's just me.
I think most people talk that way.
Yeah.
So do I.
Which is the reason that in movies many, many years ago,
I would say about 30 men.
About 30 years ago, they started like actual language like people really talk to make them a little bit more realistic.
Yeah.
Why not?
Sure.
And that's how radio was becoming too until all of a sudden one day Janet Jackson.
And Justin Ticklebell destroyed it for everybody.
That's the excuse we get.
And I want to say it again for those people who think this is a right wing thing.
It technically should be.
But even the great liberals, the Democrats and not another one are standing up for a free speech,
including Michael cops who's one of the two Democratic commissioners on the FCC.
He makes Michael Powell seem like a glirry flint.
That's how repressive and maniacal this guy is.
I mean, these people are all nuts.
All five of these word police, they're on the FCC.
They're all crazy in the bedbuck.
Oh, and you can't say this.
And you can't do it.
And they just make it up as they go along.
I've been telling you this for a long time.
They just keep embellishing and embellishing.
And Congress says, hey, it's an election year.
You go for it, man.
We don't want to be seen as supporting smuck during election year.
And the rest of the public sits back and,
and I'm going to tell you again,
market down, like Wayne says, market down.
This is only the beginning.
I've been seeing this for weeks now,
because we already know that they want to extend this to cable
and to satellite and like to start we had the other day from John Ascroft.
And then even in the year of hotels where they can't show you like adult movies in the hotel,
that you're paying for it, it's coming in over a wire.
Can't do that.
That makes me mad.
I mean, where the hell is it in?
I guess book burning's going to be next.
Absolutely.
Yeah, let's be going to Howard.
Look at that.
And Mo, he still got it.
A lot of us thought he lost it.
None of us voted for him.
No, we'll be pleased to know Mo.
Where was he this morning?
Was this just a day off for the behavior?
He would call them sick or called in sick this morning.
The Mo, how he David and man.
Yes, the overnight I told Gryper this morning.
That all and we all, here's another one to add on there.
By the way, Josh, onto our poll, Robert Gryper.
That's right.
The Grim Gryper.
If I've told you once, I've told you times about that self-hating little,
a luge, you man.
Man, he is just brutal.
Talk about politically confused.
Oh, boy.
Anyway, Mo, how are you David?
Based on what you know and hear on the year, who do you think is the most obnoxious person at QAM?
Mo, how are you David?
It's got 60, winning by a landslide.
Absolutely.
Hank's got 30.
About 30, man.
Screw Ann 17.
Niels got 10.
I'm proud to say I got 10.
I'm hanging 10.
George 9.
Grig read 5.
The mad dog 4.
Geldies got 4.
Clarence, every vote that Geldie gets, he gets another squeak.
Clarence 3.
Todd Rex got 3.
I'm pleased to say that Eddie Kay has got 3.
Now, can you believe that?
No.
That is just out of reach.
He's got more of the freaking Carlos end to go.
Freaking Carlos has only got 2.
Jeff Heis only got Eurovote, just the one.
The big, he's got one.
And Duff don't have Eddie.
So I guess they don't know her too well.
5 and a local.
This is life-sister.
The radio is all yours.
Come on.
Kill Ann.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oh, oh.
The cyber radio you thought would take its place.
They don't understand her life, they don't even know that she's safe.
And find a way to serve and die, where there's a man.
If you expect to get your chocolate on the end.
Hey, oh, yeah.
I did this for a friend.
Did you tell me you're the radio star?
I did.
You're the radio star.
You're the radio star.
You're the radio star.
You're the radio star.
You don't care.
You don't care.
1133-2700-560WQM.
They were a larring station for the New Millennium.
Man, it was a lot of fun.
Look at this.
What is happening now is what you staffed during the days of SOTA.
No freedom of opinions like the days of the bath party said,
whosom obd al-Qa' dear, protesting speed vendor,
telling Al Jazeera journalists after closing of the All-SotR newspaper.
And at that, I didn't want too many friends and influenced too many people in a positive way.
When it comes in to start shutting down newspapers,
because they don't like the opinions that they kind of sounds like
what they're doing with radio and TV in this country.
Yeah, pretty much.
What would you expect?
Let's see.
Oh, here's the facts reminding us.
And how can we leave, and both of you are guilty to us.
Did anybody leave off there?
Did we didn't put Joe Rosan there?
We got the mad dog, but not the little dog.
Not blockhead.
So let's get Joe Rosan there right away, please.
I do have something kind of interesting.
This article by Max Castro, Israel and the State of Democracy in Miami is really great.
Thanks for overfaling it in, but it's much too long to read on the air.
Maybe I'll get it over to Eric later on, we'll put it on the website.
But anyway, you know, Scott at stopfcc.com,
who really ticked the off few days ago and rightfully so,
and I'm still really upset, because if he would have gotten together with Stern,
and they really would have gone with that,
they could have the million signatures already, they could have taken out.
Stern could have written the check himself,
and they could have put a full page ad in USA today,
and they could have gotten 50 million signatures, or at least 10 million anyway.
But no.
But anyway, on stopfcc.com, now I notice new,
the ACLU is getting involved.
There's a red banner there.
Use the ACLU send an instant fax or email to your Senator webpage.
All you do is just type in your zip code.
Like what's the zip code there at the station?
Three, three, six, nine, yeah.
Okay, one, six, nine.
It doesn't really make any difference what it is.
I'm just using that as an example.
And then a page comes up that says you're leaving stopfcc.com,
and you sent to an ACLU website.
You click there.
It says please click here to continue your closing window if you don't want to.
And then, depending on your zip code, this is what we've been looking for.
Take action says the ACLU.
Well, thank God it's a little bit late now, but maybe a better late than ever.
Choose your message recipients, and here's your two senators Bob Graham and Bill Nelson.
Subject, and then of course, subject that could be Howard Stern being taken off the right clear channel.
Senseship on a radio, the FCC going on whatever you want.
And then it's got an optional text down below, which can be the letter that you send.
And then your closing sincerely so and so on you type in your name.
That's a beautiful thing.
Isn't that great?
Absolutely.
So most members of Congress other elected officials require certain information so they can identify constituents and respond to your concerns.
And then you have a thing in a bottom you have to fill in with your name and address and the shoe size and so on.
But if there are people that really still care, I mean, we got thousands of people to sign Scott's petition,
even though he's still in a closet somewhere anonymous and don't want to get overly involved.
And we could have taken out that ad and probably been well ahead.
But nevertheless, I'm not doing this out of an ego trip.
I'm doing it because somebody's got to at least try to do something to like put the brakes on.
Tap the brakes a little bit please, will you?
No.
Slow down the freight train.
The runaway freight train to censorship.
It's madness.
So if you're pissed off about it and you want to get, can we still say that?
Thank goodness.
Monday, maybe not.
Then go to stopfcc.com and go clear down there to the bottom of that red banner and then tap out your thing to the FCC.
Can we say tap it out?
No.
Oh.
Minister gets six and a half years for three state, a three state bank robbery spree.
A minister from Maine was sentenced yesterday.
It is six and a half years in federal prison for committing a three state spree of bank robberies
in which he told tellers he had a gun and made off of the total of more than $13,000.
Jerry Hayes, 53 of Hartford, Maine was arrested last May 14 after robbing a bank in Heberhill,
mass.
He was laundry the proceeds of the robberies to an accountant, the same in the name of Shima,
first apostolic assembly in Canton, Maine, the FBI said.
He also used money from the accountant by a handgun found in his car at the time of the arrest.
Like that.
He then robbed a portman through a handshroom bank, April 8th, making off an early three grand.
Just two days later, he walked into a Dan Veriz bank, handed a televernote saying he was armed and made off with more than $4,200.
He was finally arrested after robbing the Heberhill bank during which he threatened to take a hostage and made off with $25,50.
This is a former, I know, a minister from Maine.
A man of the cloth.
A good man.
A devout pious man.
Praise the Lord.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless.
Now we may actually have to wind up giving away some tickets today, huh?
I mean, it's only 1130.
This seems to be, I guess, because of that alarm.
For me, it seemed like the longest day of my lifetime.
But that could be wrong about that.
But it just seems like it's crawling by here.
The alarm was annoying.
There was a lot of stress.
Somebody cue in.
Hello.
Can I be on your show?
No, you can't.
Get some help.
Okay, get some Prozac, Ron.
Get some Prozac.
Get yourself a big handful, okay?
Brack them.
I don't want to tell you where to put them.
Come to QAM.
Hello.
Oh, yes, sir.
Yeah.
Speaking of.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, this new.
It sounds like me.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I was just calling this all those stuff with Ashcroft and basically I'm getting a Bush administration.
There's nothing new.
It's what they plan was when they first began.
I remember seeing a Bill Moir's now show on PBS about how.
Well, by the way, they wanted to get that show off the earth.
Oh, that's not surprising because they actually go after them pretty well.
Right.
But their show was on how his primary agenda wasn't going after terrorists or anything like that.
It was after going after the port industry.
And trying to whittle their way back from the port industry into the radio markets.
And it seems they've just used the whole Janet Jackson.
Right.
That's correct.
As their ticket to just rampage the other direction from radio.
It's called the first act of it.
It's passing the first amendment, crashing freedom of speech while the public has sitting back, did it learn their knuckles.
There was another excellent show that they had on that too.
It was on freedom of assembly.
And how they had kind of reestablished the notion of the old mix in era where the justice department would be sending infiltrators and the FBI as well.
And to any kind of groups that were meeting trying to form any kind of protest anymore.
So this is basically the agenda that they came in with and they're just using whatever happens to come up as an event.
I'll tell you the people that I curse and that's the mainstream media why they are.
And I'm going to tell you why they're not screaming and hollering because see the Howard Sterns of this world aren't popular with a mainstream media.
They're considered to be way off the deep end.
They're over the line.
Shock, jock.
Use whatever trimming one.
So the mainstream media has never supported people like Howard.
So as a result they can always say, well, you know, they're not going to come after us.
They're just going after people are way over the line and our potty miles and putting filth on here.
And nobody wants to be seen in supporting that.
But in the meantime, they're really going after anybody who doesn't go step the company line.
We're going to go after them soon.
They're not coming out of here now.
Please be correct.
Okay, pal, hang in there. I'll see you at the border.
Okay.
Oh, Canada.
By the way, the Leafs are a stunt last night.
I mentioned that already, but I'm just pretty depressed.
It's just a game, you know, life goes on.
I'm not going to sit here and cry.
Man, bad calls by the officials.
I got news for it.
It was a bad call, but forget about that.
They stunk the joint out.
They didn't show up.
Anyway, Norm from Miramar says I was looking for President Bush's website.
Ended up at a website called www.whitehouse.org.
To my surprise that they bottom left hand corner, there's a banner that says,
Sponsoring Partners Clear Channel.
Well, that couldn't be the Clear Channel that was having all the political rallies and ripping the Dixie Chicks
and having all those pro-bush rallies all over the country.
We couldn't...
Oh, I went back this morning against what there's a Walmart banner now.
This supports your theory that this administration of Clear Channel...
My theory that they're in co-hosts, it's not a theory.
I mean, they donate the hundreds of thousands of dollars to Bush through Channel.
It says, by the way, don't visit the White House.com.
It's an adult site, actually.
Visit why you still can since Norm from Miramar.
Well, you better get off it there, Norm, although we do have...
On our website today, we got the Leanne Tweedon.
Yes.
And Leanne is a lovely picture we got there, by the way.
Leanne is about...
About 30, man.
And there she is, a model, a Playboy model, no less.
And the actress of...
You know, actress, so to speak.
Everybody's an actress, right?
Sure.
Even the...
Even Freaky Carlos out there, she's about actress.
Based on what you know and hear on the year, who do you pick as the most obnoxious person at WQA?
I'm a little fun, chance for you to vent, give it out of your system.
225 votes.
Look at this.
Muff, Joe Rose, and those two don't have any yet.
So you nobody don't like Muff or Joe.
From the bottom up, Robert Creepers got one.
Nobody's seen it, but Robert Creepers got one.
Big O's got a pair. Jeff Hypat Boy's got two.
Eddie K's got three. That just knocks me out.
Probably guys are sour because he gave some bed, the bidding advice.
That's gotta be it.
Clarence Three, Todd Drek's got four. Freaky Carlos five.
The mad dog's got six. I thought nobody don't like the mad dog.
A Gelties got seven.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
Greg Reads got eight.
George Twelve. I got seventeen. I'll have obnoxious, all right.
And proud of it. Scrooan 23.
The Humpers got 40 and Mo. Nobody can't touch Mo.
A hundred and four.
Oh, my baby, you're gonna...
We're sports renewing five, six, eight.
You A.M.
I'd your God.
Right hand back of the Taliban.
Second home, lead to been laid in.
On the land to my house he ran.
Now he's hiding in my basement.
And you thought it was over.
They got trotted in my racket.
Well the joke's on you, you pathetic Boota.
Was one of them came back, Boola Boola Omar.
He's a curious, poor Lala.
I tried to tell the reporter, but none of them wanted to hear.
He's an evil dude with the bomb or two, and no one cares he's here.
I thought Boola Boola Omar.
Boola Boola Omar.
Oh, let him 46, 14, he'll do it at 5, 60 WQM.
We got no mad dog today.
We got Curtis Stevenson gonna be on for the mad dog at two.
You think mad dogs in church?
I don't think so.
The Humper though, the Hebrew Hammer be along at four.
Three-soul hours of the hammer today, which is a pretty heavy duty for him.
Marlon's on deck at seven.
The Phillies at the Marlon's.
I mentioned we got a bunch of tickets for that game tonight.
The Taksim calls.
Alright.
Maybe Call Me Gal and ask them if we can give some tickets out.
Oh no, let's give some tickets away.
What do you say?
Sure.
You want to?
How many we got?
A whole bunch.
We do?
I don't know. I'm sure it will be tough to give you.
How are you gonna get them?
It's the Taksim calls.
Alright.
Maybe Call Me Gal and ask them if we can give some tickets out.
Oh no, let's give some tickets away.
What do you say?
Sure.
You want to?
How many we got?
A whole bunch.
We do?
I don't know. I'm sure it will be tough to give you.
Well, how are you gonna get them?
It's these for tonight's game?
Probably.
A little bit too.
But Hank used to be, uh, until I told him I gave him that lesson about taking the money right to the bank and just to forget about all the other crap.
Oh yeah. Well good. I'm glad things just moved over.
We've seen things like that.
Yeah, we have most of them.
We have most of them.
So, but got about it.
Well, hey Neil, I'd love to get tickets if I could.
To what?
Either the heat or the marlins, whichever you choose.
Well, we got a pair for tomorrow's Marlin game.
You want those?
I would love them.
Okay, hang on.
Now, see, you thought I was gonna hang up on that guy, right?
Yeah, I definitely did.
Why?
I don't know. I just thought that it was...
You were just about to...
Now, see, you're gonna call me a hypocrite because I was telling you before to show today that here in Joe Rose give away Marlin tickets this morning.
And it really did. It just grossed me out.
I was screaming to death about it.
It's just awful, awful radio.
And here you are.
And I'm doing it.
Well, see, listen, like I told you, I'm just here for the check and they don't really care.
Well, it's good Friday.
It is good Friday.
It's a holiday.
They're not telling us any more about that crap.
You know, this really disturbs me a lot.
Maybe I'm the only one, but I doubt it.
And that is that every single day it seems, there's a bunch of stuff that comes on briefly on one of these talking head either CNN, MSNBC.
Like yesterday, loud explosions in Iraq.
And we never heard anything more about it.
I mean, all day, believe me, I watch all the news as much as I can.
What I'm going to do now is I'm going to turn on the BBC.
So what it gets to be the top of the hour, which unfortunately, the top of the hour will be like noon, so it'll be like five and a half.
No, that's good. Five and a half noon over there with the Brits.
And see what will happen because there's almost never a follow-up.
And if there is, it's not until the next day or many, many hours later.
I think in querying minds, we're like to know what hell is going on over there, wouldn't you?
Yeah, sure. After that, a big bomb going off or whatever.
Are you kidding me?
On the Sheraton Hotel. Yeah.
Now listen, how many tickets do we actually have now for you to sit there and say, oh, just we have like an unlimited amount.
Is that what you're saying? Like these people can give a section that they wanted?
I'm sure we can give out a whole bunch.
Well, not to see that. I'm not, you know, you're very well.
We're going to get confirmation. Very smooth, very calm, very mellow, but, but just, you know, excuse me.
If I just don't take you at your word that we have very, very many, if somebody said, oh, I got the 40 tickets or something, then I would say, okay, we can give away up to 40.
And I'm not going to go away 40 tickets. If I, we got six, you know, we only have six pairs.
See, there's Josh as the answer for it. There's Zach. Oh, we got as many as you want.
We got tickets up the old Ying Yang.
No, we have as many as we want up to six.
That's what I meant to say. That's what I meant to say.
Six pair. Yeah, six there. Yeah. Six count them.
One more. Okay. That's six.
Six pairs. The one's gone already. Yeah.
We're going to go to the Gell-D. Join it tonight from six to eight at the Davey quarter deck located at 31 55 South University.
Drive stop by for Amstel Light Specials. We're in Marlon tickets. Marlon tickets. If you don't get them from us, you might get them from Gell-D.
Might get one of those too. And registered to win a trip.
Particularly WQM Iceland open in June. I have no idea what that is. You notice I keep saying I have no idea what it is.
And nobody comes in and tells us what it is. It's a golf tournament. It's a what? It's a golf tournament.
The Iceland open. Yeah, I've never heard of it, but yeah, well, where is it? It says a trip or two. Is it an Iceland? Yeah, it is an Iceland.
Oh, I see. Well, who do I want to go there like the Reykjavik or something?
You play golf. We had out of town, man. Join George tomorrow from noon to two at Seduland and authorize Verizon Marlon store at 44 10 West 16th Avenue and highly.
He'll have more Marlon tickets and other crappy very, very low budget prizes too. And they'll give you the inside on those phony options we had on the beastly website.
Based on what you know and here on the year, who do you pick is the most obnoxious person at WQAM leading the pack? Moe Howard David.
Absolutely. In a league of his own man despised by all 123 for the moment who did nice job on that Zelda heat game, by the way.
He did that's what you said. Yeah, he did. And you played that clip. It was okay. It wasn't Johnny most, but it was okay.
It wasn't what's the guy that used to do the Laker games that just croak chicken chicken. It was no chicken. That's for sure, but it was okay.
Not great. That was pretty good. Hank 47, screw and 29, Neil 24. Yep. George 15, Greg Read 13, freaky Carlos 11.
See, I'm the spun at the thing. I'm more obnoxious than freaky Carlos. Although maybe maybe a little bit better. No, give it up to 10.
Man, I was got eight big. Oh, it's got five. Oh, Todd Dreckam, please to say is moving up nicely. For we got my vote. He is the epitome of crap.
Jeff high fat boys got three clearance three. Any case got three. That's got one. And the justice. He don't want to see it. Robert Creepers got one. And Joe Rosas got the big nobody. Don't know like blockheads.
Oh, This is sports radial by Sir who I am.
What's going to start in next week that's five sixty WQ am. It's mine three sport hold.
starring Greg Reed as Uncle Greg, Moe Howard David,
guilty gilders leaves, and gay Carlo.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Princess, why are you?
What's going on here?
They're teasing me, Uncle Greg,
and I have a big day tonight.
All right, both of you.
Cut that out.
I want all you kids out of my kids.
All right, no more.
Yeah, boss.
Would you give me a haircut?
Sure.
Right back.
Yeah, I'm delivering this $50 million check
to Mark Rocky Ractica cold,
and it's helped put us out of business, you see.
What is out of business?
That don't make sense.
Well, life gets boring.
Don't never mind.
Yeah, I know what I'm doing.
Now cut my hair.
Okay, boss.
And what's that noise?
Oh, that's a gilding, drowning in a bowl of soup.
Well, can't he swim?
That I'm dying.
Hello?
What's this sticking out the side of my head?
That's your ears.
I could cut that off too, if you like.
Yeah, that's it.
Don't cut that out.
What have you say, pal?
No, that's it.
My three-sport hole.
Only on 560 WQAF,
your community-minded sports warehouse.
Promote to it 560 WQAF,
happy good Friday or unhappy whatever it is.
And don't forget to search for the, what is it?
Auffy Coleman.
Auffy Coleman.
Auffy Coleman.
That's right.
Who's probably kind of Gary Coleman?
Probably a little bit taller.
Anyway, not no more news.
I checked BBC and CBC and the SPCA and the FBI and the CIA.
And they give you like a little tease.
Loud explosions.
Let me know if we keep here about loud explosions.
And the window is breaking at the Sherwin Hotel in fact.
And then that's it.
Bye-bye, you know.
Here's a much more important story though,
obviously a nine-year-old girl in Newport,
which you've floored accused of stealing a rabbit
in $10 from a neighbor's home,
was arrested handcuffed in question at a police station.
Nine years old.
Geez.
A pet puffer?
A Pasco County Sheriff's Deputy found the black and white
rabbit named Oreo.
Oh, not it's bad.
But this is a true story.
This is unseeing so must be true.
They found Oreo hopping around the girl's living room
according to the arrest report.
She was read her rights and taken away in the back of a patrol car.
Are you kidding me?
No.
That is unbelievable.
The girl began to cry during questioning.
This was on Tuesday.
How come it took three days to give this story out?
Probably too embarrassing.
She admitted taking the rabbit,
belonging to another child,
but the night taking $25 bills and some change,
according to reports.
I'm going to tell you, man,
the rabbit police now.
We got the word police, the sex police,
the Porto police, the J. Walkin police,
the Draftone out your seatbelt police.
Now we got the rabbit police.
Sheriff spokesman Kevin Dahl defended the arrest
and said if the victim of a crime warrant wants an arrest,
deputies are required to act if there's enough evidence.
Laurie Ventura, the mother of the child who owns the rabbit,
said the girl's been involved in other incidents and needs help.
The deputy could have taken a report and referred the charges
to the state attorney said,
Pascal Penelope's public defender Bob Dillinger.
The girl was released to her mother from...
Unbelievable.
This is a true story.
I can't believe it.
The girl was released to her mother from a juvenile assessment center
about an hour after her arrest, which she said was scary.
She also said she didn't like the deputy.
He put one handcuff on me, really tight, she said yesterday.
In the patrol car, he just stared at me in the mirror.
Yeah, she was sitting in the back handcuff.
He's looking in the back like,
just don't make any sudden moves on him.
Yeah, or about a bang, that's it.
A nine-year-old girl charged for stealing rabbit
in Newport, Richie, Florida.
Zined Americas, they say in China.
Unbelievable.
How do you like that?
I can't believe that.
Maybe she thought she found the offie Coleman.
Maybe she found the rabbit under a piece of mine.
In an African, yeah.
In an African.
That is so bizarre.
How you know that?
Your parents must be really from or something, are they?
No, I went to Hebrew school and they said,
I went to Hebrew school and they never told me about Noah,
Afi Coleman.
Well, if you find an offie Coleman, then you get the money.
That's the only reason why I looked into it.
Or you get the chocolate or something,
so you know I was looking for it.
Wow.
I think you could pull the offie Coleman out of your...
Bet them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18,
and seeing Verizon Marvellous line.
5 more perik, can we stretch this out till two o'clock?
Do we never see nobody stretch like me?
Because I'm just a basket case,
ordinarily that thing with a fire alarm,
I handle those things very well,
but it's just so loud and deafening.
In addition to which, in addition in the back
or maybe even more toward the front of your mind,
visions of sugar plums who dance in your India,
and you're thinking, well, what if there really is a fire?
But then now that you tell me you guys are going to handle it
with no problem at all, I should have probably just said,
oh, guess what?
We got a real fire alarm in the building.
I'll see you.
That would have been like Mo, just taking the day off.
That would have been a great, great scan.
Yeah, it's good Friday.
Why not?
Something to think about when I come back.
How many QA and Hello?
Hi.
How many QA and Hello?
Nail.
I'm not sure if that was wrong or not,
but it sounded too much like it.
Yes?
When you said Afi Coleman,
the first thing I thought of was the UN,
and Sherfrinn.
Yeah, and that is then?
Afi Coleman.
Something like that.
I guarantee he ain't looking for the monster.
I guarantee you that.
Are the Toronto fans a little upset today?
It's very quiet, so I would imagine that they're a little bit
summer, they're re-evaluating their lives,
but they're trying to say now, it was only one game.
I'm saying it was only one game,
but it was a pretty depressing performance if you asked me.
Eddie DeBiegel looked like he was wandering around a little bit.
Yeah, that one on the breakway by Jose came out.
I thought that was really surprised.
He usually doesn't do something like that,
and just went flopping like it was,
it just wasn't in the cards, you know, it was a bad game.
And it was in Toronto, right?
Yes, sir, so there goes the whole nice advantage
right down the toilet.
Unbelievable.
You know that Geldie found?
I think both of Brian's.
I think that's, I think,
I think that would make a good car alarm.
Yeah, in fact, now that we can't play the Eisen car alarm
or Big Black guy named Ben,
we can have the Geldie car alarm.
That's a good idea for a bit.
Sounds good.
I'd love to go to the game tomorrow night.
Okay, hang on.
You got it.
He's got a period.
I see two for two.
Now you can't believe that, can you?
No.
Because he was, now the first guy was sucking around.
Tell me that Hank said nice things about me,
which comes as no surprise,
although I, he maybe didn't even say that, you know.
He was just sucking around.
See, I don't, I don't,
the psychological games don't work well with me,
because I can smell them a million miles away.
Of course.
I just happen to be in a kind of mood where,
sure, why not, you know.
Right?
Yeah, why not?
Why not?
It's good for me.
This guy, and this guy, he's sucking up to me by talking about the leaves
and about hockey, which he knows I'm interested in.
So he also is playing psychological radio calling with me.
And now he's thinking to himself,
hey, it worked, you know.
Now I might go to like 140 before I give another pair away.
Just the obnoxiousness of it.
And how many votes I got?
I look at 25.
I'm in fourth place on there.
I'm obnoxious.
So I better live up to it, right?
Of course.
Although Scruans got me beats.
He's about 35, the Humper 59.
And Mohauer David is in it.
Like I said, he's off to the races.
144.
I'm sure he's listening right now, wouldn't you think?
Well, he's going to not say he has nothing.
Huh?
He's not.
Oh, that's right.
He has listened to the show since the week most of us is what he,
he always listens.
He's obsessed with this station.
I am listening.
All this man does his play golf,
going to air out his air piece and,
I'm listening.
Listen to Q.A.M.
I've never seen anybody who listen to the station as much as he does.
Colin and other people show all of these things.
Although from what you're telling me,
maybe he's mellowed a little bit.
Yeah, a little.
From what you're telling me.
You never told me any such thing.
5670560.
I'm just looking out for you for when Geltie goes off
to do the hockey game.
Yeah, I know.
It could be me.
You can get back kind of with Zach and Moh.
I can see it.
Why not?
WQM.
Hello.
I knew how you doing today.
Pretty good.
Listen to a couple of people.
You know where I can find the Offee Coleman?
No, I don't.
It's an interesting premise.
I'm listening to this.
First of all, if I did call the Grumford Tickets,
I didn't really want to talk about this other aspect
that you brought it up.
The thing that's driving me so crazy about the Saudi right now
with this whole war in Iraq and everything else is how much
the mainstream media is giving this question in a free ticket
on the internet in Iraq.
I mean, if this was Clinton,
what do you think would be happening right now?
The whole problem.
We mean that other impeachment trial would be going on already.
Exactly.
The whole premise of this war in Iraq is to win the popular support
of the Shi'ai Muslim population.
And now that they're rising up and killing Americans
by the day, it seems like nobody in the free press wants to stand up
and say, wait a second.
I'll hold you.
Whose fault I think it is.
I think it's the Brit's fault, myself.
Oh, he wanted tickets.
I forgot about that.
I just don't, I'm not into the Brit.
The Brit's make me do things.
The Rams with Brit.
Oh, that's why he's gone.
Gotcha.
I mean, he's just sucking around by talking about this other stuff.
Which I don't want to turn this into the light bulb today
and go to the whole thing about the war.
I don't want to do that.
Leave that to the goddess.
Okay, leave that to Randy.
She can add like,
on Air America, which I hope they last.
I have my doubts.
I hope they last.
But anyway, if he would have just dumped that British action,
he might have gotten some tickets all the way down it.
Because if I would have done three in a row,
you know, we got to, I mean, when you said we got all you want,
that was so ludicrous, man.
Well, all you want up to six pairs, up to six pairs.
See, Josh, he's the nervous nearly there.
Who now, how did you find that out?
I found Miguel.
You found Miguel.
Now, Miguel, and I was in Miguel as responsible for putting Joe Rosin
that this morning or is it the clearance?
We just, I don't, I'm sure it's a promotion department, but.
I don't know.
I don't know that we just, I don't know.
I like it.
You see, because it's a sports thing.
We got to promote the Marlins, and of course, the obvious.
There's one obvious question.
And we do carry the Marlins games, but.
Why?
You know, I mean, why do we feel so compelled to be promoting all of these things?
And what was that that I heard this morning?
Now, who was talking about it?
Was it Joe Rose?
Oh, well.
About the Panther organization is blaming QAM for lack of public interest
or something like that.
Did I read that into what he said?
Josh said something about that on the air.
I don't know if he's going to actually broader totally out there.
Well, what else that all about?
I don't know.
I guess we don't pay enough attention.
It's the Panther organization.
Well, first of all, nobody cares about hockey.
So with the death wish, although it's pretty shameful that every time Gully mentions one
blurt about hockey, Moe shuts him up right away.
But nobody cares about it.
So discuss it for more than 30 seconds at a time as a death wish.
And number two, if the organization wants to know what the problem is and why the public is out of favor,
or the other way around, all Alan Cohen's got to do is look in the mirror.
Mistake after mistake after mistake that her whole Bernie Khozar thing,
man, I was such a farce, such a dog and pony show.
And unloading everybody in anybody.
I mean, who in hell knows who these people are on the team?
They got a lot of good young players in the organization, but nobody knows who the hell they are.
I don't know who affidies guys are.
And if I don't know, Mr. Hockey, how the hell does the average schmuck in South Florida
wouldn't know a hockey puck from a stale offie Coleman?
Oh, when that be something, if you're looking for the offie Coleman and you find a knacken,
and there's a hockey puck in it.
Yeah, signed by Alan Cohen.
Well, you want to get a special prize when you find that becoming.
It could be a hockey puck.
Oh, such silly crap, man.
Silly stuff.
It's for the kids.
It's for the kids.
Like, you see, the goi and have their Easter eggs so the Jews have to have something at pace off.
To like pacify the kids, you know?
Why not?
Yeah.
Oh, let's look at this.
Who are you more likely to believe?
Connie Rice, 43% Richard Clark, 36% 21%?
I'm sure that's the CNN time poll just out.
That's pathetic.
Connie Rice, 43% Richard Clark, 36% unsure, 21% and yet of the same organization,
all that was just on their website, CNN, took the poll this morning.
Are you satisfied with Condoleez's testimony?
46% he has 54% no.
But of course, they've already had the same thing.
They've had a chance to rip the crap out of Richard Clark and make him look like a, oh, like a f***ing bag.
See, I almost said it, Josh.
They've done everything that they've powered and has squitted him.
So Condoleez, you know, Dr. Rice, she's a very erudite, educated, debitch.
That one, you know?
I think she, to call her a lightweight, will be an insult to every lightweight in the world.
She's an idiot.
She's tragic.
To think that our lives that the future of the human race is hanging on her thumb,
I mean, that's pretty sad.
I forget about her leader.
I mean, that's another story altogether.
Yeah, forget about W.
1214 at 560 WQM.
If your mattress is lumpy and bumpy, your back will tell you when you get up in the morning.
You feel like you didn't sleep for two minutes.
If you need new mattress, lots of things you can do, but the only smart deal is to make that easy-coded
Ilam actress.
I've been telling you about these people for years.
Dylem actress backs up everything they say in their ads 100%.
Their competitors do a lie like crazy, like Reg Reed.
Their ad screen no down payment, no interest, no payments for 24 months.
Tiny printed divot of the ad reads like an encyclopedie of disclaimers.
Requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sale prices.
Many times, without a single advertised ad would qualify for finance.
Interest penalty is 21% or more.
Trappers need financing the most early even qualify.
Dylem actress, the good news is they've got no tiny printer disclaimers near ads.
When you call 1-800-M actress, you'll discover there's never an extra charge for same-day delivery.
And Dylem actress takes same-day orders all day long, every day from Kendall to Stewart,
from Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
When you call 1-800-M actress, you pick the date into our delivery window when you want your mattress delivered.
And guess what? It's a miracle they actually show up on time.
So call right now and you'll see for yourself why 1-800-M actress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
Dylem actress reminds you to read that fine print too, because they want you to know that when you're buying,
you ought to know what it is, even if you decide not to buy from them.
So do the smart thing like I've been doing for a very long time.
When the old mattress is headed, just sit there on your fat ass and make one easy call to Dylem actress.
Call 1-800-M actress or log onto the website at mattress.com.
Dylem actress at 1-800-M atr.es. The Honest Way to Buy a Great New Best.
Line in local. Here's Sports Radio 560-CUA-M.
There's Lady in town. She's another Doc's June.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
And she's buying bread at 7-11.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And the bread is one, dude.
Oh, and the bread is one, dude.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Probably T8 at 560-WQM. So anyway, three pieces of MOTS.
Somebody had a fact to say, Explanation of the Ophiecommon.
I fact that to you.
Even the Glimar.
Oh, you put this, you wrote this out?
Yeah, I wanted you to have it.
I see.
You know what it was.
So you could see there's the echo of the English.
I don't want to be more Jewish.
Three pieces of MOTS are placed in a MOTS cover, a cloth sleeve or envelope.
And placed in the center of the Seder table, before the meal begins,
the middle MOTS is removed and broken in half.
One half is returned to the MOTS cover.
The other, the Ophiecommon, is hidden to be hunted by the children
at the end of the Seder table.
The child who finds the Ophiecommon wins a special prize.
There's the Hockey Club.
I think it's like another Brits for free.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
So how do you like that?
There's a Zach's explanation.
Zach was professionally Jewish today, even on Good Friday,
which I think is outrageous.
That'd be a good pull to do someday.
What do you think is the most ridiculous holiday of them all?
I probably ramed on when you think.
Yeah, probably.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got four more pair of tickets to give away.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
Who talked me into this?
I don't know.
I can't believe we're doing it.
Why not?
I don't know.
You kept saying we got a lot of tickets.
We got a lot of tickets.
Oh, and what is this?
Somebody says to be a whole page on this now that you just facts.
Wow.
We turned to a high-em home page.
No thanks.
The broken matzah.
For so, I'm not going to read this whole thing.
This is so ponderous, man.
You think that go-in care about this?
No.
You think the Jews care about this?
Of course not.
They want their damn tickets.
Especially the Jews.
Some Jews from Middle Eastern countries saw the op-edcoma
as having special powers and kept the piece of it as a good luck charm.
When you think it'll stay after a while?
I would probably eat it before it became a good luck charm.
Oh, you've ate.
Though the Passover lamb was sent from the feast
as described by Moses in the Torah today,
is there is no lamb eaten at Jewish Passover saters.
Why?
Because after the destruction of the temple,
the Passover sacrifice could no longer be properly made.
So the lamb was no longer eaten at the feast.
The last piece of matzah called the op-edcoma
is substituted for the lamb.
It even has to be eaten before midnight.
Just as Moses commanded,
you shall let none of it remain until morning.
Maybe he meant like 6.30 in the morning.
Right?
Sure.
Why not?
That's more of a...
Oh, this stuff here, wherever sent it.
This is from some Orthodox,
you know, here in Radio Land.
Get some help, OK, Pali.
And by the way,
take off those silly citties.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I got a great idea.
Let's do it on Monday when I come back to town.
Sure.
What we'll do is we'll take...
What do they call the thing, the straps?
Oh, man.
Come on.
How could I have a brain fart on that?
The straps.
Is that it?
You know, the tophillin.
Tophillin.
I know I was close.
You got a lear tophillin, man.
And anyway, we'll take that tophillin and wrap it around most neck and see if the...
Absolutely.
Peace flies off.
That would be cute.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on EAT and T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
That would be QM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Avett, suggestion for your poll?
OK.
Some people might think he's on matches,
but I think he's kind of funny.
I have to make my travel report to larger the life.
I'm Mark Morgan.
Mark Morgan is a good choice.
Thank you.
Always not a member of our staff, so we can put him on there.
Mark Morgan.
What do you think?
Oh, God.
Every morning.
We can't put him on there.
I don't want Josh going to put him on there, because once he puts him on there, he can't take it off.
That's right.
But we do like Mark.
Hi, Mark Morgan.
Now here's Neil Rogers on 5, 60, Q8M.
And that's nothing.
Lately, I've noticed when I catch him in the two in the morning there with Moe and Joe,
he's a more spastic than ever now.
Oh, yeah.
Ah, Mark.
He's just there like somebody's using the same stuff.
But we can't say Gusson.
Like somebody is doing him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Now the problem I'm going to have when I give the poor result is when I get to Geldy, because now Geldy is, let's see,
2, 4, 6, 7th place.
He's right on Greg Reed's ass.
Geldy's got 14 votes now.
There's your 14.
That was counting.
Were you counting him?
Yeah.
See, he's keeping track.
He wants to make sure he keeps me on a straight and narrow path, the release part of that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Don't forget we got the lovely Leanne tweeting on our website today.
If you're over the age of 110, if you're as limp as a wet noodle, and that's about as good as you're ever going to get,
then you have our permission to take a look behind that beaten curtain, okay?
By the way, Leanne tweeting is dating Josh Beckett.
No.
Get out of town.
Sirius.
Now, you notice how he said the picture for the Marlins like I would know who that is?
Well, no, I was just saying that.
I'm sorry.
It's giving you a full display.
That is so demeaning and condescending, man.
That is so grotesque.
What do you mean?
Now, you've just exposed yourself as another sports nerd.
I didn't think you were one of them.
I'm sort of sports nerd.
What's that white sports nerd?
Can I get 50%?
What's sports nerds?
Yeah.
Another sports nerds, that crants.
Now, let me also ask you this since you're on his due kick today.
Sure.
With your Auffie Coleman.
Uh-huh.
I have a feeling that your parents' original name was Rosencrantz.
It was.
Well, Rosen is my mom's maiden name.
Right.
So, her actual, but Rosencrantz, I think, was down the line way back of the day.
Uh-huh.
And they changed the name.
Yeah, we had to change it.
That's like changing your name from a U-delivert to Solomon.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Marlins line.
We're talking about the future of the human race here today.
And maybe some Marlins tickets too.
We got four more pair.
You notice now I'm chopping them off before they get to ask.
And I heard that on Joe Rose's show when they started.
I'm going to get right to it.
No, you're not.
I mean, if they don't have anything to talk about, I'm going to give them tickets.
No chance.
No.
Right?
I told the colors they got to bring something to the table.
Bring something to the table like the Auffie Coleman would be good.
If they brought that, they'd give a special price.
Maybe some Kishki would be better though.
I love Kishki.
Oh, great.
Oh, man.
I'm thinking of that for lunch today, maybe.
And a bowl of mothable soup.
Yeah.
It sounds real Jewish to me.
Very Jewish.
Mm.
Topped off by a nice banana split.
What?
Well, that's not trade for that.
That's wrong with that.
I would love banana split right now.
But you would.
What a cow.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, hi.
I'm calling you regarding the tickets.
Regarding what tickets?
The Marlins tickets.
The Marlins tickets?
Yeah.
Who are the Marlins playing?
Who are the Marlins, sorry?
Who are the Marlins playing?
Oh, okay.
5.6.7.5.6.
Well, I mean, if you don't even know who the hell are playing this weekend, I mean, what kind of a fan could you possibly have?
I mean, absolutely.
Okay.
Now, that's really interesting because there was a Juliett lady and it was amazing because we never hear from no Juliett ladies.
Very, very, very seldom.
I mean, once in a blue moon.
So if now all of a sudden we're going to get lady collars all over the place that we never get,
and which I'm not complaining about, normal.
But that's just.
That is so gratuitously grotesque.
When I upset, uh, setting.
Yeah.
Well, you're going to get them all day now.
Who are they playing?
Uh, and the sounds of silence.
It should be no idea.
Yeah, not even a little bit of a joke.
which reminds me exactly of Francisco Arrupa is the best way to show
I am. What time is he on? I don't know. Yeah, same thing. That's
I'm just like her. I fact, it might have been the same bitch.
Same a nice lady. Yeah. Can't help you out honey. Unless you know
who they're playing. Unless you know something about first and
unless you know how to get to first base. Forget about it. Okay.
All these people that never would call the show that hate me
like poison. The gut about it. Right. You tell them all again.
Come on. Good about it. There you go. I'm listening.
Most out of the weather today and we sure hope he really is sick.
I mean, we hope he enjoys his long holiday weekend.
Maybe he's looking for the coffee coming like you said.
He's still searching. He's searching for it. 1226 at 560 WQM
Pompato Park is doing something special for the kids tomorrow April
number 10. They're holding their annual Easter egg hunt for kids ages 10
and under and there'll be 2000 prize-filled eggs for the kids
together upstarting at 7 p.m. sharp tomorrow night. Plus there'll be
free miniature horse rides and the Easter bunny will be trackside to meet
the children and post for photographs. In fact, Don Brainer's driving the
Easter bunny in the fourth race. It's something nice for the kids to enjoy.
So bring the kids out and let them have some fun. The races too.
Located just now this way Don over here. This is where the finish line is done.
Located just a half mile from both I 95 and the Florida turnpike.
Pompato Park is easy to get to from anywhere in South Florida
and best of all Pompato Park gives you free admission and free general
parking every single day. Live harness racing in the Polk Room. They're going
every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday like tonight and tomorrow.
Polkers starts at noon and goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway
nightly at 7.05 p.m. Pompato Park is also open every day seven days
a night's week for simul casting with the best and harness,
thoroughbred and highlight action from all across North America.
Free to watch and plunge your guts on. Watch out for Tony Kerwood.
Pompato Park a blocked South of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the
Kerrway schedule. You can go online Pompato Park dot com or rick this call
954 972 2000 don't forget lots of extra festivities for the kids
at tomorrow night at Pompato Park and live racing tonight and tomorrow
7.05 at Pompato Park.
My life and love this is for real by city.
I'm sure me on tricep put me down and says he has a lot of congregation.
I tell him right away now to sit here to dig in your heart of my show
it's not for one nation.
I'll say it's gimbled out if we're so good to be a show.
I'll say you want to hear your new gosh gosh gosh
my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I've got a new clock y'all my key embroidering gold and sure is gold.
I wear it everywhere when I go round the other hazy aze they don't go up to say.
So be true to your show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll say it's my show.
I'll be jacked up on the found and served.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be stitty now.
I don't pretend the offer in the choir now
She'll be singing away
Be true to your show
That's my life
Let your down and start
That's my life
Be true to your show
That's my life
Be true to your show
That's my life
Be true to your show
You're scared, you're scared, die
Be true to your show
You're scared, die, you're scared, die
Be true to your show
All the three pales all the time, club 33.
What color is that?
Do you hear that?
No.
One moment please.
I do hear that now.
Ha ha ha ha.
Another alarm on the parking garage.
Somebody must be having a blast out there today.
Do you think this is out of a good Friday?
Yeah.
Wow.
Maybe we got some wild Arabs doing Ramadan.
A little bit late.
So you're going to be hearing all that beeping and blowing again.
I think I was feeling excited.
And luckily I still got my clothes on.
Not my shoes, but I got my slippers.
I stole from one of the hotels in Europe.
Let's see.
Police arrested a man for allegedly stalking team Popshtar
Avril Lavigne James Speedy, who's about third man was booked in the jail for
investigation of stalking after police search to see out.
There's day assignments again.
Here comes the fire truck.
They must get pretty tired of coming over here.
You know what?
Was booked in the jail for investigation of stalking after police search
to Seattle suburban home Wednesday.
The same day the 19 year old Canadian singer and Grammy nominee played a free concert
at Amal Sauta Seattle.
He later posted $5,000 bail was released.
Officers have been investigating the case in slasomer when they were contacted by Ontario
Canada police about harassing letters and emails sent to Levine Detective Jerry Reiner
said they did place the family of Avril Lavigne and Levine herself in fear.
He said that he refused to discuss the content of the messages.
Speedy does not have a list of telephone numbers.
I'm clear whether he had a pen work.
He's stalking Avril Lavigne.
Shame on you, Speedy.
Four more parotinkets to the Marlins and the Phillies game.
That's who they're playing.
The Philadelphia Phillies is okay.
Now I don't have any idea because I don't pay any attention to baseball.
Phillies last year were pretty good, right?
Yes.
Not as good as everybody thought they were going to be, but they probably pretty decent
this year, right?
Yes.
So it should be a bigger draw than the expose.
And I'll say it again, you've got a tip you had to the Fony, I mean the front running,
I mean the fans of South Florida because they had 55,000 plus for opening day,
a record by far on Wednesday or Tuesday.
Wednesday, they came back with the 1817, 865, something like that.
And last night, 18121.
Yeah, and I think this weekend they're expecting a huge crowd.
And why not?
It's a weekend.
It's a holiday.
Kids have been out of school and of course on a weekend, what can I tell you?
It's a festive holiday.
They're out there looking for the offie Coleman and the Easter eggs.
Now, what if you're looking for the offie Coleman and you find an Easter egg inside your
napkin?
That would be very impressive.
Does that mean that the Glamour getting to you?
Impossible.
The Phillies at the Marlins tonight.
So we're going to have big crowds out there.
You got a tip your hand.
Well, at last, you know, we've got to keep these people going especially since the high holidays
have come in a lot of the snowbirds are long gone.
A lot of people are on vacation all week long and still put in some pretty good crowds.
So far be it for me to pee on a parade, even though I couldn't care less.
So we've got tickets for tomorrow night.
Of course, there's some other big activity going on tomorrow night too.
What's that?
That's Ottawa against the Maple Leafs at the Air Canada Center here in Nautorano.
We're giving out tickets for that.
Let's give out some tickets then and maybe some plane tickets on air Canada.
The bad news is who knows if they'll still be in business by tomorrow.
Five six out.
Oh, they got the problems.
Five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 T and for Rise of Marlins line.
I want to clarify because I don't want to get my friends at Air Canada all been undershave.
They're still in business.
They got the extension from the court till may something or other and life goes on.
Okay, they're still doing just a fine fine job.
Oh, we're fine.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, hello, like speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, how you doing?
Well, I'm here in Boka.
Actually this morning we took the offie Coleman and we made much debris with it.
Much debris?
Yeah, it's pretty exciting.
The first time for my Korean partner and right in half Brazilian son.
Uh-huh.
Well, we're looking for the Easter egg, but we get a site for the Marlins actually a fan site.
We got a picture of Leana tweeting a couple weeks ago.
Just go buy Marlins dot com.
I'll be done.
Yeah, we actually don't be promoting no porno sites now on the radio.
No, no porno site.
I have to bid that.
Geez, we might be.
You're on your way.
I like that.
But actually, yeah, we stopped going to the Marlins because they were down in Miami.
We were here in Boka.
We were.
Right.
Well, we don't want to make you drive all that distance.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Pretty long.
Right.
Only somebody like Mo deserves to have to make that slip every day.
In fact, maybe that's why he didn't want to make the drive this morning.
Okay, it's a long slip from Boka all the way down there to the day.
Broward line.
Maybe just wasn't in the mood for it.
Okay.
And he called in sick.
He's in title, especially when you're inundated with so much hate.
I wonder why they're not doing the, I guess they got sucked in once this morning in the building and not going through the whole song.
Dance again.
You notice?
Yep.
I don't hear the initial initial like that.
And then the guy came on.
We've got to report.
And then I heard a couple of fire trucks.
I saw them, but that's the end of that.
I guess I hope.
Now, why would there be like two in one day?
Because it's good Friday.
Maybe we have some surely when that could be it.
Maybe somebody's getting crucified in a parking garage and on a good Friday.
I don't know.
Or maybe the Arabs like I said, are acting up again.
Based on what you know and here on the air,
who do you pick is the most obnoxious person is WQAM?
Mohawar David at 176.
Wow.
He's more than 100 ahead of his nearest competitor, which is the Humper, the Hebrew hammer.
176 around WQAM.
178 now.
I can't even keep track.
I'm listening.
The Humper's got 74.
Screw and 38.
I got 34, which I'm very proud of.
I'm obnoxious and proud of it.
George 23, Gelly 19.
There you go.
Greg read 16.
I can't believe you're actually counting.
I can't believe you're actually counting.
I can't believe that.
I can't believe that.
Can you?
No.
Wow.
Even the big, you got eight.
Todd Rex six.
I'm glad to see Todd Rex leading the sales people that we got on here, except for screw in.
Fatboy Jeff High has got four.
And Jeff High's got a holiday message for all his friends out there.
Hi, a pally.
A Clarence 3, 883.
Joe Rose got three.
An old blockhead finally got on the board.
Robert Creeper's got a pair and Duff.
Not wanting to be left out.
The muff mic's just got a couple.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What do we got left for more pair?
Yep.
You'll see.
I'll squeeze it right to the right.
Good.
So if you're on a line right now, call in the chances are.
You never know.
It just depends on what mood I'm in at the moment you call.
Because you know me.
I'm obnoxious.
Absolutely.
That's what mobile fed you.
WQA.
Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Happy your paysock.
Happy Easter.
Happy coffee.
Uh, paysock.
Well, it was my friend.
Happy coffee on him.
Listen, I was over it.
I played with a couple of cows.
A couple of.
A couple of weeks ago.
I saw your entire sales staff there.
They're like drones.
They look all identical with the grease back.
Like pair, black hair, jet black hair.
Let's get them.
Some believable.
Unbelabeled.
Yeah.
But anyways, you're doing a great show.
Neil, your last couple of weeks have been fantastic with all the videos.
You've been given the bus and the FCC and all that good stuff.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'm glad you're enjoying it.
567-0560.
Don't forget, by the way, stop FCC.com.
Even though Scott turns out to be a little bit of a flake.
I don't know.
Maybe he's not, but he's just a not very cooperative.
You know, he, he, he struck gold, man.
He had somebody in me that was really ready to go to bed for him.
We got him thousands of signatures.
We were going to put that thing on a map.
But he, yeah, I don't know.
He's off in his own world.
But now he's got the ACLU going, which I'm very pleased about that, because at least we know who they are and where they can be found.
At least they're like reliable people.
You know, I'm like they said in the Godfather.
We were not reliable people for this.
Not somebody's going to get carried away.
And then he said on the other one, he said to give it to that you cut some jugger judge in the bronze.
Yep.
Which one was that?
Let's see the undertaker.
He's the one that wanted the revenge for his daughter.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And who is the other one?
Oh, the baker ends on the baker.
Yes, yes.
Who wanted, whatever the guy's name was to stay in the country, be married to his daughter.
Oh, Godfather, you know everything.
Anyway.
Oh, there it is.
Right there at the bottom of stuff.
FCC.com.
I hope a lot of you since it's a holiday and since a lot of you just screwing off.
Just go to that today.
Even if you already signed it, this is a whole separate deal.
The ACLU is getting involved.
And there's a link.
Just put it in your zip code.
And the reason you put your zip code is because then it'll direct you to the ACLU site.
But your Florida senators are assuming you're in Florida.
We got people listening on the internet who are elsewhere.
But whatever state you're in, you live in, it'll pop up with your two senators and you can fire them off a letter.
Right away.
I would sure do it now, man.
Why you still got anything left on the air besides old Martha Stewart tapes.
I would do it today.
Hop right on it.
Howard Stern, history on clear channel.
In case you missed that.
Another $475, $95,000 fine.
Almost a half a million against the tea channel.
You see the interesting part of that whole deal is what is a half a million dollars to clear channel when you're doing nine billion dollars a year when they've been allowed to have 1200 radio stations when they got almost all of the billboards when they've got the whole music industry, all the concert to think going into that scam.
So it looks like the productors slap and monitor wrist, but it's not a big deal.
Right, exactly pocket change.
So that's just a half a million. They won't be able to give the bush, which is good news.
My and loco.
This is 4205 City.
You and you and me.
A bad.
If you're all the way to the bottom of your history, know that Neo calls and govern and control your brain.
Don't use that's energy now.
There's no reason for that.
They take this and get rid of this whole thing to back.
You've been a thing to me wrong.
There's no reason for that.
You can't say that.
No.
If you're not very familiar with the question, they would say only air will be considered nothing.
Don't put the present in doubt.
You can't say that.
You can't say that.
You can't say that.
You can't say that.
You can't say that.
It was another false alarm.
How do you like that?
Two on the same day.
We broke a record today.
Keep everybody under toes.
Probably bring a lot of people out of their coma after they've performed.
I love depressed people here in Toyota.
The sun is shining and it's a beautiful day.
Case casted over.
Listen sunny and 52 today.
Not bad.
Don't forget.
Join Geltie tonight.
6 to 8 pm at the Navy quarter-deck at 3155 South University Drive.
Stop by for Amstelite specials when Marlon tickets.
Marlon tickets free from Geltie.
They love him.
And we're just doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
We're doing trip.
Yesterday you were talking about that BPL bill.
Isn't the government supposed to be here to protect us.
Because you know that's all that's going to mess up with the frequencies of the 911 calls.
Right.
It's ridiculous.
Amen.
Thanks a lot, Polly.
Two good points.
Five six seven, oh, five sixty.
Five sixty, oh, five sixty.
I'm surprised you asked for tickets.
What?
I'm surprised you didn't ask for tickets all day long?
He wasn't even thinking about that.
He just wanted to contribute to the show.
That's what these people call for.
You haven't been downed to show long enough to understand.
And our audience doesn't want to come and just suck around for freebies.
They want to contribute something to the human race to that vast audience we got out there.
They want to point out some really interesting crap, okay?
Got you.
Some interesting, right.
I better take a look at that real quick, because we're going to reach the point.
I mean, like if you had 100 votes, I don't think I, based on what you know and here on
the year, who do you pick as the most obnoxious person at WQAM?
Moe Howard David, 198.
Absolutely.
Wow.
He is just a monster in the broadcast industry.
Hank Scott 77, Square N 40.
I got 39.
I'm right on Square N's, but George 26, Yoldy 25.
What did I say, Yoldy?
There's five.
There's 15.
There's 20.
I think I may have like, go one more.
Sorry.
Like I said, Yoldy's got 26.
Gregory 18, Freaky Carlos 14.
Mad Dog's got 13.
The big has 10.
Todd Rex 7.
Fatboy's got five.
Joe Rose 4, Clarence 3, Eddie K 3.
Duffmeister's got three.
And poor Robert Creepers only got up here.
Oh, you know him is to, wow, I can't believe that.
Well, I shouldn't say that because you have to work with him every morning.
Right?
Yeah.
I don't want to create a problem there for you.
We already got a problem with the Moe man.
No problem.
Now there's more, not as moe, because I asked Beast about this the other day.
And I was most speak to you when you, uh, uh, uh, yes, coming to do Joe show.
Yes.
And says, good morning.
How are you?
Really?
Kind of like in a phony friendly way.
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
He's not really.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen.
Uh, one thing I got to say, you can't retire yet.
You know, you're the only sanity left.
Who's that I'm retiring?
No, no, you see, I see you got to count down for your retirement.
You can't retire, man.
You can't do that.
Uh, uh, uh, and I'll put it in.
Uh, one question.
Yeah.
Uh, didn't kind of leave us work for Daddy Bush.
Was she a maid when he was in?
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
See, there was so sad.
The guy's a good guy.
You can tell by the sound of his voice, a great guy.
But number one, he starts sucking around really, really heavy duty.
I mean, even the people of Kirby vacuum cleaning,
universal suction like that.
And then number two, he goes into a, uh, a bad funny line, you know?
And like I said, the other day, she isn't qualified to clean the toilets in a white house.
And I really mean that.
I'm not just saying that to be gratuitously, uh, whatever.
I just, I just think she's obnoxious.
She's an idiot.
She's a bubblehead.
She was so nervous.
She was like a 10 year old school girl yesterday in the beginning of that, uh, testimony.
She was visibly shaking.
Who doctor?
Who was that?
Was that Dr. Clark?
Dr. Clark.
She was visibly shaking.
Dr. Clark in the dark with that gigantic.
And like I said, the other day, it's a great thing.
She's got naturally that big gap between her two front teeth.
Because when you lie through your teeth, it's always great to be at the gap.
Why not?
12.56.
We got 45,000 tickets.
We're going to fill that stadium in.
Are they going to be surprised tomorrow night, huh?
I'm sure they will be.
No, they're going to have good crowds tonight tomorrow.
And then Sunday, Sunday's game is a 305 game.
Yeah.
Right?
Yes.
Now it's what it's going to be about 87 at game time.
Probably.
So I would get out there because before me about the middle of May, what starts to get to the line 95 in a shade,
this is a great time to go.
Okay, so stay tuned because we got Ziggins and tickets and Zach just found in the, uh,
he was looking for the affi-coma and found a hundred Marlon tickets.
Five and a local.
Six is five cities.
There is all yours now.
You win.
Stavant to tour our highway.
Making peace is hard to do.
Don't take the road.
We'll sell them from me.
How about two towns out of Galilee?
Leave us afraid that you still hate Jews, cause making peace is hard to do.
I know that we, we used to fight.
My little gun made people real afraid to watch you.
No, but it just won't do.
How far do we make it?
And cause us all.
It's true you know that we don't want more flesh in.
My own people who want to let my head hear this is all that you've got.
I will play that my dentist's right and once that I never thought we would get this fun.
But I was shaking hands with limelight.
Let's get up here and have a barbecue.
Cause making peace is hard to do.
I can't eat pork your smock.
It's one o'clock at five sixty WQM.
Happy Easter, happy paysocks, happy whatever you're doing.
Happy getting out of town for the snowbirds.
Regardless it says on this facts,
Reykjavik Iceland is awesome.
You get to sit in the hot spring geothermal outdoor baths with good looking semi-naked people.
Sitting vodka or recuperating from the previous night's drinking.
It's a great city really best and shortest flight steward.
I can't stand eight hour flights.
So a stopover in Iceland makes it easier says somebody who's got who's in the know.
I like Iceland.
You want to know why?
Cause when you're on the plane going to Europe and they have the the map that you get to see the tracking map.
Yeah.
And when you get to Iceland, that means you're in far away.
Greenland Iceland man.
But once you get past Iceland, then all of a sudden it's Ireland.
And they start talking real funny, eh?
This poll man really gets me upset.
Here's the latest tracking poll.
The Ipsos public affair poll.
Boish 45% carry 44 and Nader is 6%.
How is that possible?
6% for Ralph Nader.
People that haven't learned their lesson including him.
Man is that frost my fat ass.
Former president Jimmy Carter on this the facts you send me is right.
How can we leave the beast off that list?
Yep.
Right?
Yep.
And Zach we'll put you on there too.
Cause we don't want you to feel left out.
Oh thanks.
Guys court of Sanko and on there cause nobody has any idea who he is yet.
He hasn't been there long enough to be hit it yet.
Been here while it happened.
He's behind the scenes that's why.
Zach needs to be on there and also the beast.
Now the beast is in Boston right now right?
Yes.
Say what you will he's made his mark.
Oh he's never doing this show again you can tell him that.
He was just awful when he was this show.
You know he's a good guy we like to beast personally but everybody who works with him learns to hate him.
Yeah pretty much.
I can almost understand Mo.
Absolutely.
And I say almost even though he treated him like cramp but I can almost understand it because he just and then remember for well.
Yeah.
All for all of us said I got to get rid of the beast.
I got to fire his terrible.
He's right.
He doesn't say anything.
He just hits there and stuffs his face with food.
That's all he does.
Former president Jimmy Carter yesterday called the Bush administration decision to wage war against Iraq ill advised and unnecessary.
And he let the resulting campaign has turned out to be a tragedy.
He said even the BG's never saw a tragedy like this.
Even him outside.
The former Democratic president also said Bush's environmental policies are perhaps the worst in the nation's history.
Oh you know something I can't pay that bit anymore.
Nope.
The BG one.
Too much of that.
You even know what I'm talking about.
I think I've heard it before.
It's called impacted fart.
Now let me just let's see how much of it we can play.
Okay.
I was standing there one day not thinking I was dying from being able to make it.
We can see through.
I should ever eat things down.
A thing that goes between my bowels.
How can you've done from affected parts.
You let these put your doctors in.
Now my heart stops.
You should.
Now do you hear that again that thing is going again.
Can we have a third false alarm here today?
No way.
I think this is an FCC conspiracy to interfere with the highly weighted neo-Rondu show.
Absolutely right.
Thank you.
This is incredible.
Three in one day we haven't had three false alarms.
I've been here for two years now on and off and I can't believe that we could have three in one day.
Listen.
Listen carefully, folks.
This could be the real one.
Yeah.
There goes.
Yeah.
Sounds like a heart.
Okay.
Here comes the announcement.
Now.
So anyway, that's what Jimmy Carter had to say.
I never did read what he had to say.
He said the Bush environmental policies are perhaps the worst in America's history.
He also blamed what he called Bush's pro-Israel policies for engendering animosity against America.
And of course he is absolutely correct.
How come Jimmy Carter became so bright after he left the White House?
You know, all of a sudden he got smart.
Okay.
We got four pairs still.
Think of a way or did I give away three?
No.
No, you got two.
Yeah, four still.
Still got four.
Okay.
Let's do it this hour.
Okay.
Before the building burns down.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
A pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line.
WQA, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Pretty good.
I just got an email from the union that I belong to.
And basically it says that the Federal Election Commission or Communication is something that has been asked by the Bushes for the unions for them to tell the unions not to put in their publications.
Any anti-Bush messages that are out there.
In other words, the unions are obviously pro-democrat.
So when they endorse carry and things like that, they're telling them they want the this communications, the election commission to make it illegal for the unions to back one president or another.
So I can't believe I was so paused when I read this that I just saying if the Republicans don't believe that this country is turning into a bunch of being told what to do and you know, turn it back.
It's just driving me crazy.
I'm just fed up with the whole thing.
It is.
We're turning into a bunch of Nazis here.
Amen.
Can I get the tickets?
No.
Now that thing is deepening out.
I wonder what the guys are going to come on and say something.
If they just try to drive us crazy here today because they're doing a hell of a good job.
Three for the price of one.
I'm positive that guy's going to come on momentarily and say, huh?
What do you think?
I hope so.
No, he's got to do it.
Tell you what I'm going on.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
yine de la
five sixty-one it's just maddening you know you're sitting here trying to like
concentrate and pay attention to one thing but in the back of your mind you're
thinking well you know how can this be going on now three times what do we
got a bunch of crazed uh... islamic fundamentalist on the parking garage just
uh... have a good time or maybe we just got a few drones
who carried away after that awful hockey game last time that could be it a
wqm hello
i have a couple of tickets by the
budget on josegakey on the panel
uh... okay we got him on her now good point
josegakey stocks okay thank you sir josegakey we've got to get him on right
we don't want to leave you out
he wouldn't want to be the odd man
out
right
now it stopped again i don't know more people i do here
if you listen to carefully here
they just threw a quick one in there
why sure which right now which i have those farting sounds because it was
just like a real quicky they threw in there but we can't do that no more no
chance
farting sounds and elimination the sounds of elimination all man
uh... i'm serious man you folks don't get it
they're making it up as they go along and it becomes broader and broader and
more and more insane and more and more restrictive and pretty soon you want
to be able to
i guarantee you
one day soon i'll come on here and say we can't say
anymore
we
we cannot say that word anymore right
now they say that word on tv all the time yeah this is crazy
not don't uh... don't look at that
and a prep there's dick channey that was that was interesting
that's my psychic powers again as soon as i said that they should take channey
and of course that was a little file footage because he still back in the uh...
he's back in the uh... room somewhere you know the bunker
back in the bunker with that shadow government he's right
okay they have beeping stock again are we say
okay we better start getting some of these tickets away because i want to have
any hold on over
we want to get into court as court of some shares got his own
courtesy of the moment for the mad dog between two and four this afternoon
courtesy's got thousands how many thousand
thousand tickets to give away to
so you know that i'm from us have no fear criticism
wqa hello
that's it
wqa hello
i'd like to get the marlin tickets
we're here well no chance
no i mean i'm not uh... did just some woman who would never call me in a
million years
all the women are afraid of you need only got all these women listening are
too busy or they're busy looking for the uh... kofi on in a way where it is
uh... likely story
this beeping thing they do in the way just uh...
maybe what's happening is they got a recent the system you think that could be
it
but all no
or maybe there's like some massive outburst of fire on the uh... who knows
wqa hello
hello yes sir
yeah it's a
needless
speaking
in the over
i was into the show all the time of the curie all the time
but this is how do you want to do this uh...
just uh...
this year with the big block i'd
well it's just because i don't want to come
completely to uh...
took a stop back in the air
all he did he doesn't tell us anything you just have to very jackass it to
hear a lot of it was made up over cheers about how he's uh... considering
putting it back on and i talked to joe and josey and her to work or anything
about it
do you have any information that i'm uh... not known about
now nothing
well no i said other words the answer is no or you just to cancel us
now i have no idea
no we have no idea joe has no other than so you know great try to make
himself look good cover is as tell them very jackson while it's considering
putting joe on because they probably got thousands and thousands of emails
and calls
even though clearance lied to his teeth and i did you know
i said how much you have all my twenty about twenty every likely story
your full of crap clearance okay she the problem is that joe
i was in part of the answers uh... little circle of friends like zack
and the beast and robber grieber
right
sharp he would learn to play a little uh... more hardball with you guys
maybe uh...
you can pack everybody's good races i don't just be careful now i'm telling you
just be very very careful is no one will be playing fast and lose with any
words okay you turn that's another one
third that'll be out next week you'll see crap and third both going out of
toilet i mean it both going by by
based on what you know and here on the air who do you think
who do you pick as the most obnoxious person at wq a m
mohauer david and he's in a leak of his own two hundred and twenty three
absolutely
the hoppers got eighty five the hebron hammer i moved in the third place i
top screw in forty three
she's got forty two
for his got twenty nine
guilty twenty seven
uh... twenty eight
well i got a strong off by that beat the run at far along
the nuts
reary twenty one the big uh... fourteen
freaky call she's got fourteen
mad dog thirteen
time records moved up nicely the eight believe me you won't go wrong vote for
that piece of crap
five hundred forty seven votes
fat boy jeff high five
jow was five eighty k four
duck muck is got three clearance three
zack you already got three this one on there all right
wow
robert creepers got a pair the beat is got one who also just one on there
and poor josegaek he don't have any yet
he also just went on but he'll have any yet he's uh... you know
he's okay
will be the space josegaek he
twelve minutes after one at five sixty q a m
uh...
we're supporting you five six
u a m
absolutely
uh...
you know you don't feel down or have no
you can
the ground
a new
i've all
but you're
class i've all down
there's a place
you can
be
happy
ladders
there's a special today for some fingers
it's double who found a
if you're buying
less than ten parts you'll find you can use
their
express line
uh...
so the body parts of you
c l a
so the body parts of you
c l a
all right
they have everything
from a phone to a jaw
all you need is your own job
you get your body parts of you
c l a
all sorts of body parts of you
c l a
you can get a new heart
you can put it on your credit card
one sixteen and five sixty w of all the people all the time and still a bank
of the
but we have a little problem resetting the uh... alarm and just don't panic
and everybody uh... come down
and announcement yet
like the other one
absolutely not every once in a while when you least expect to go
one of those
there is
see that
wow
that's getting a little faster
uh...
like that
after long consideration of the set it up in a cell that comprises
Delaware merlin and virginia it's called
del marva peninsula should be the site for new israel
what does that mean
only requires moving out about eight hundred thousand people i was originally
considering long island
but the fourth acid is so many new york it's a bit too much of the burden on
the rest of us
you have any idea what that means now
so shot at the
somebody
anyway jeffin like worth as i got banned for life and calling the mister ego show
because i said
you can't spell bulshmit without the u.s. h except that it's a bulshmit i
was the generic term
also i'd like to see a pull for a favorite television pet
oh god jeff
shes
wow
and keep in mind he called the mister ego show so what does that tell you about
jeff he's trying to say i have no right we understand
you're not alone
five six seven oh five sixteen now we're going to get down to serious business
okay
we got four pair or is that pairs
pairs
no pairs you eat you should know about that pairs you eat pair is like uh...
girl pair
we have four pair of marlin tickets for tomorrow night's game against the
filthop filthop you fillies
and anybody calls in who sounds reasonable who doesn't get carried away with
this
gratuitous rubbing in the bag and i just can't deal with that
conduct yourself like a like a mature human being and maybe you might have a
shot
wqa hello
hey you know how you doing today
hey i uh...
had a uh... idea wanted to uh... past by you and get your opinion on
i uh...
i think that uh... to become you know
president of the united states commander in chief of the
most powerful military out there
don't you feel that there should be at least a minimum of four years spent
in one of our four branches of the military
no
no
what how many years did frank van Roosevelt spend in the military
i don't know about it
uh...
he was elected four times a lot of people think it was our greatest president
yet at least you have some my experience in what the military
is and
at the end of the year see that's why people are great president surround
themselves with great the secretary's of defense and secretary's of state
and great military men that doesn't need president has to be uh... more than
just one-dimensional
very true
very true
but that was just my thought
and a bad one but thanks anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
ought to be a t in t in horizon wireless line
how many years of military service to build clinton have
you following this
for you to see passed out again is it just on the floor
turn a listen to the uh... the beeps are now forget about the bifce i'm doing a
show and yet i'm thinking of focus here but you are so easily distracted by
little sounds
i think i believe it's going on
waiting by that i can't believe it's going on for like uh... what now and a
half-hour something like that but there's been no one telling you what's going on
there's no announcement now this just goes out it's like the chinese water
torture treatment is what this is
just goes on and on and on and on
uh...
uh...
we're doing a duet now i don't know at least i guarantee it to a clock i'm racing
out of this building okay
just forget about the fire think is insurance another false alarm just
just to get away from this madness this insanity stop
can take it no more that's what i'll give you the announcement when you leave
yeah right about a minute till two all we're sorry but we've had a malfunction at
the junction and uh...
you're a miss it will be fixed shortly your mom wqa hello
i feel
yes i am
i'm calling about the uh... rabbit bandit right
uh... through no fault of my own i was born and raised in new port rc
i'm so sorry
they
uh... right away from home when i was sixteen
my father was uh...
good friends and still is good friends with most of the cops up there they go
hunting together and
all that good uh... stuff it
you put it to use seventy five percent elderly five percent migrant workers
and the rest are all backwards
they get it
bowhunk
sounds like a watchcoaster florida may
absolutely just uh... stay on seventy five
don't make any stop going
but uh... i
want to say that
the story just doesn't even surprise me
there's a lot more that goes on that you don't even hear about
i'm sure that
yes
my mom actually let my little brother come down to visit me
for a vacation
could i take him to the marlin sure no problem hang on
now see no the only reason i'm doing that is because she's from new port
rich enough you'll so sorry for
i knew that was coming now
what you could you could feel that of course it was coming all i you know
think we're getting like any now we did have the one guy who give us joe
zagaki which we overlooked for the poll which came on us
and uh... he was great he wasn't sucking around for any freebie ranting like
if they don't if they don't stop
with his beeping over here i'm gonna start my own then fire okay
now certainly now this is insanity i can't believe it's
i'm gonna sue this damn building these people are crazy you just can't let this go
on and on and on
our actor our after our
we have to evacuate what did i say that oh sorry michael paul
i wonder if i threw that away if i smit can that store i probably did i
said it about
the stern fine
and he said it again
no
what means send it you didn't send it in the first place we have we have that one
of the stern papers here no i don't want to
go over to him but just just the way to describe these things as if it was so
outrageous and so all my goodness can you believe they're so indignant over the
filth and perversion and disgusting things that have invaded the just like
john ascroft that comedy made about pornography it's like
it everywhere it's invading and it's uh... oh brother
you talk about a throwback of the stone age in the public is sitting around
like please somebody throw us an anchor we're drowning over here okay
man
and
how many we got left we got three left yes i think i think i'm just a pretty
well right now why not so much ten minutes will give away one
or not maybe next fifteen minutes will give away one then the next twenty
minutes or so i'll have a two two two pair
a two pack
tell you one thing you know it's a holiday man like i said now this is almost
the end of the show on friday this is always the worst week of the year
in terms of listener response in anybody being in town because once it comes
easter and pays off baby and once all of this stuff goes down all the
stillbirds bailout everybody who's got vacation time coming to kids
around the school they bail out
so you just it's a card it hasn't really been that bad
but the beast was there without the not to great everyone also looking for the
offie common
now i'm listening i hear somebody crawling around in the hallway oh wait a
minute
those are a half people
that that that that that
committee q and hello
hello yes sir hello i'm sitting here pretty good
wow i think i'm surprised that's a great name i think all the uh...
snores would be calling for a bit of your tickets what a shame that would be
huh yeah that's something i'd say they are they're trying
now i'm just i'm home for spring break in the school teacher and uh
i'm home with him at the end of the show
i just wanted to call you and say that i have a kind of a problem with the school
system if we can change channel that presists a second would that be okay
go ahead
well i'm an elementary school teacher and uh
they're paying about thirty five thousand dollars a year to teach kids
and uh...
you know i'm i'm i'm some here reading a paper today about one of the baseball
players that's not one design because he's only getting three point seven million
dollars a year
yeah i'm not a shame foster ed
uh...
and i i i you know you see all the kids wearing all the jerseys and that's
you know you know they're they're super heroes and so forth and you just
didn't just hear a face to live and crap out of you know i'm just having a
real set of time with them i was just uh
and then i see this crap with condolences on the television and
you know she's like she's never talked in front of an audience of more than two
people in her entire life she was sitting there shaking and
right
could hardly mark them with a whole lot of the same
right
i don't know i just don't get that
um i'm gonna have straight up if i can have a parent to get that i'd love to go to
you and i've got a bunch of little kids in my own and i'd like to take them as i could
well you can't take them all i can take one
that would be great if i could do that i'm just gonna buy the rest of your tickets
okay hang on pal i hang on
thank you see now he controls the career of good sob story we don't know if it's true
not if he's really a teacher who knows i have no idea
no it worked though it worked but it worked with me because i'm a softy the guys are school
teacher and i feel that teachers are treated like crap which is why we got so many stupid people in
America which why it's so undereducated while we have so many functionally illiterant people
running around going like that in fact in america most of them are going to do like
or i have no life or both i have no life like that or and the other two
seriously if this stuff don't stop in the next few minutes i don't know i i
maybe do something rash you know i just go out on a balcony and close the thing behind me
that works but at least i won't be able to hear that crap anyway you know it
based on what you know and here on a year who do you pick is the most obnoxious person
that wqa m you know i'm thinking of another thing too before i get back to the pool
this is a legal holiday in canada okay uh-huh so most people don't have to work today
so people who ordinarily wouldn't be in this building on a friday they'd be working
that they haven't a life doing something they're here today yep you know something might have
even wanted to sleep in real late you know or whatever the deal is and now they're like a captive
audience with just insanity going on i think it's a uh- George Bush plot it might be i think he's
trying to get even with crutch and he's not even in office anymore anyway moe howard davidad he's
the winner i mean you know we got the whole weekend to go but nobody's going to touch mo and what
i thought that is 238 the humper the hebron hammer's got 97 neo-rodges 47 for years truly i'm
moving on up scrant 43 george's got 32 geldi 28 oh no there's seven
uh-huh what what was that that was another seven because i can't have the one is double uh 14
ah did it here you go geldi's got 28 uh gregui 21 mad dog 16 the big 15 fran freaky
Carlos 15 Todd Rex got 806 Fatboy Jeff Hyas got 5 Joseph Gaki 5 the Beast 4
Zach you're moving out of your tide with the Beast so I don't know if they're voting by the pound nice the Beast and Zach have for a piece
Eddie K's got four
Parents three the Duff Meisters got three and the Greek Meister Robert Creepers got only two out of five 97
Which I guess they don't know him that well
I
Am the banana Republic baby only in Miami
In theaters now Lord of the onion rings you're a fat idiot give it some food. I want food
Cheeseburger spazza onion rings
Cheeseburger cheeseburger two bags in one sheet
Lonely nissen cheeseburgers are a dangerous mix
Stopping onions can be a charge he's fat and stupid
I'm not bad shit up fat boy
Lord of the onion rings good friend is morbidly obese
Sam dude I'm here I want to gain so much weight Richard Simmons come to my front
Tonight can I show you a little magic
You're
Here comes the announcement finally come on Pellie you can do it
Sound like leave that just this the schmuck down there just got on the APA and went like that once come on spit it out man
That ain't it
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Anyway 28-2 I mean he gave us like a false sense that it was actually gonna say something like we apologize because we've destroyed all your lives and your brains are scrambled
We didn't do that. This has gotta be sabotaged right? Yeah, of course. This has got to be an FCC plot
They're probably like a reporter um doing something they found it
5 6 7 0 5 16 how many pair we got to give away in this last 20 minutes we better remove real fast two pair two more
Oh yeah, like I said, take our time.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, happy good Friday to you.
Back to you, happy circus.
Did you eat your fish today?
No.
No.
Not even any macaroni.
You're a martial art.
No, barbacola, get lost.
5670560, now that's what is called a really textbook,
Lane Matem.
See what I'm saying?
Yep.
Lane Matem.
No conversation, no life, just nothing.
Before he leads up to his shameless, see that's why this is so bad, but it did help us kill
a couple of hours though.
Sure.
Thank goodness.
Now I don't hear any more beeping going on to you.
Nope.
They may have taken just a little bit of a pause, maybe they finally got a fix, maybe momentarily
the guys are going to come on and say, ah, something.
You think?
I hope so for your sake.
Boy, I've never encountered, I mean this has been, what time did it start?
About 10 to 11?
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
It was an 1058 break.
It was just being out here at his 130.
It's like two and a half hours later.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good?
I can't make a memory between more Howard David or Joseph Gagget.
Yeah.
And I have to think about it real hard, okay?
Sit down on a throne and think about it real hard.
Take a good magazine.
Maybe one that's got a picture of both of them under and look at one and look at the other
one.
Look at that muskrat on Moe's head and then look at the old penis face.
And just start for yourself, which one you find most obnoxious.
He's having a difficult time.
5'6'7'5'60, we may have a difficult time, just given these last two pair away.
Okay, it's got to be somebody a little bit better than this last pair we had on the
throne.
Yes.
Very, very weak, shameless.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good?
I gotta tell you, what a pleasure to be looking back at sunny South Florida.
I'm visiting once a year of visit from a wonderful Raleigh North Carolina.
Oh, I'll be damned.
Home of the Carolina Heinekenes.
Uh-huh.
Stay fruckin'.
Hey, I want to, I would like to hear a celebrity update.
Whatever happens in Anvishap and Sally Fitz.
Anvishap's dead in Sally Fitz in Chicago is where she fits these days and Sally said,
That's the answer to your question, sir.
Have a great time.
Oh, wait a minute.
There's a different kind of a sound.
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
There was a different sound, or I think it was.
Oh, it was that.
Oh, and that's what this is.
These are FCC bleeds.
Yeah.
I thought this was still part of that phony fire alarm they had before.
This is ****.
Yeah.
Well, the real bleeper, please set up ****.
Man, this is madness.
When I go downstairs, I'm going to just bitch them out at a lobby.
Not that they got anything to do with it, but just, just out of general.
Here we go.
Here's the end of the world, folks.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Tonight we are a country awakened to danger.
And called to defend freedom.
Called to defend freedom.
Oh, I was really want to play just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the
world is going to come next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested
homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect
gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles,
alternate side of the street parking will be suspended.
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m.
Mark it down.
Okay, mark it down 24.30 if I mark it on your hand like in a momentum, right?
Did you see that?
Yeah.
So I'll bits and pieces and see the whole movie.
Well, why not?
Well, see bits and pieces you've taken together, taken together and like watch it from the beginning?
Yeah, I got that right.
Or if you have the DVD, you can like do check out the Easter eggs on it.
What?
Ah, here's another guy that don't know about Easter eggs.
I bet you're just not what those are.
The extra stuff?
The extra stuff is extra things that you can see, but you're not supposed to know about them.
If you go to Easter eggs.com on the internet, you'll find a listing of all the different movies
and what they have to do to be able to see like momentum in front of back in real chronological order as opposed to back-asswards.
That's great.
Because I didn't watch it from front to back and it makes it just a little more sense.
Just a little.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's give away a couple of parotickets so that these poor shleppers out there get off our back and maybe that deepened.
Let's stop it.
I have my doubt.
Ah.
Ah.
WQM, hello.
Hi, it's Uncle Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, how are you today?
Pretty good.
I just wanted to say that you're my hero because you played the pro-smoke joke on Rick's Friday, ma'am.
Amen.
Amen.
Hey, man.
Hey, man.
Hey, man.
Hey, man.
Hey, man.
Hey, man.
Hey, man.
Hey, man.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I wanted to just give a book.
I wanted to recommend the Neil.
Go right ahead.
You're talking to him.
Oh, this is Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good.
You got a book name.
It's called The Creature of Jackal Island.
Okay.
Do you ever read it?
No.
What's kind of a book is that?
Well, it's really a story.
It goes back to the film research system and how it was started and everything like that.
Uh-huh.
And how fractional banking is destroying us.
And it's really interesting.
I think you'd really get a kick out of it.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Sounds a little bit ponderous to me, but I'll check it out.
What do you say, Dr. Jackal and Mr. Island?
567, and pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Based on what you know and hear on the ear, who do you think is the most obnoxious person at WQAM?
Moe Howard, David, and man 249.
He's taking a bum rap.
Here's the announcement.
Please.
No, Schmidt.
We're experiencing technical difficulties.
Uh-uh.
Yeah.
So in other words, they can't shut the damn thing off.
See what happens in these buildings?
What do you're familiar with this?
After the fire alarm goes off, and it's almost 99% of the time a phony deal, then they can't shut the damn thing off.
No, forever.
Technician has been dispatched and he's coming by.
He's on a pony right now.
But there he is out there, but he's on his way to the ACC to try to take some goals for the least for the rest of our night.
Come on, get serious.
I wonder if we got that game in an hour thing on right now.
No, it's least lunch.
But you know, Pat Quinn's drivers at stake here, you know.
But there's Bill Waters.
He used to be the least GM, not big fat Bill Waters.
And now he's a bloodcaster.
And that amazing.
Everybody gets candy to become a bloodcaster.
Yeah, why is it pretty good though?
He's got a big mouth.
Nice going, Bill.
Maybe we can put you in charge now.
Don Sherry, ripping the hell out of Pat Quinn last night for having a wrong penalty killers out there.
Kelly, Joe Hansen, about 110 years old and looking every year of it last night.
Pretty bad, Kelly.
Go back to Sweden.
They.
Now, when we come back, we're going to give away a couple of pair real fast.
Okay, no more dittling around because we're running out of time.
We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog at two.
The Hebrew hammer at four.
We've not been looking around today.
Marlon's on deck at seven o'clock.
Marlon's host, they filled out all the affiliates at 7.35.
They look to make it three wins in their first four games that I at the PPP park.
Eddie Kaye after baseball tonight.
Live live local.
Here's Sports Radio 560.
I'll play the right place.
I'll well plan.
I might go go, but eat some high.
Just look for the monster who lives away up in luck.
Miss.
So now I move into the highlands.
I'll get Graceland repilt.
Can you wear my gold jumpsuit?
I'll look funny.
You know I'm chill.
Because now I'm going to return the Scotland.
That's a weird room.
So is Lisa Marie book.
Not Michael Jackson.
Here I go.
I'll go back to the Scotland.
I'll see his wild.
I'll wear a Kilted with nothing on your knee.
Where's the sheep?
Ritor.
Rack them.
Here, girl.
144.560.
Let's get to these skulls right away and give away two more permig.
Everybody happy for the holidays.
What do you say?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
His face on TV.
I mean, I don't know.
He's like a mental thing.
And also, I also want to put up a feature poll.
Who's your favorite past WQAM host?
You know who's going to win that?
No.
Perral.
Next thing.
Next thing.
OK.
Are you going to the game now on any tickets?
Wow.
How do you like the game?
one of the
the
the
what was all he ever said basically i don't want to pick on him now that he's
in the
you know
i
got the
the ballpark
the
the
nobody believes me but that that's exactly he talked to me nobody could put that
on now you're right when i went in september he took me to vagus with them to
do show out there and no one believed him out there that was his real
boys and he was and he lived out there for a while i guess trust me when i
tell you that was it okay let's hurry up here and get this done
wqm hello
oh yeah nil please yes they're speaking
yeah for your father all the above
okay thanks oh that was people to you
wqm hello hey i i never call you i just listen i'm trying to get some marlin
okay hang on thanks
ha ha ha ha ha i see how do you like that when you least expected well the
other guy before him see that's what made him look good
you got that guy to run seven Josh yeah you got him
yeah
oh man i did that little feral thing there for about ten seconds and i'm just
gagging that's a holy crap all you need
my goodness is that what it takes that's all things
that's all that i use that all the bunch of wires that
ha ha ha he was a fun but man a little bit too
dangerous for us he was a good guy so what do you think you think that now
that uh she channel made it officially think now Greg would put
sternon uh starting Monday morning right
yeah followed by for real followed by for real
that's right for real and i could do just new into two sounds good
ah about yeah i told George you know when he filled in the
start doing that for real voice he wouldn't listen to me because he did it
very well some people can do that and he can keep talking i get all
like that but he did pretty good so maybe the summer when i have my two
days there my two and all's in two days maybe George can do
the fillings in for reals voice get about a 15 share oh my god
i can't imagine i'm doing that for four hours now this article you just sent me
from one of our listeners from market miny the battle the US wants to
provoke uh uh this goes on and on make no mistake talking about what's
happening in a rack today this is not the civil war that Washington's been
predicting a breakout between Sunni's shears and Kurds it's the war of
book by us occupation authority and wage by its forces against the growing
number of shea who support mokata al-sadar
sada was the other more radical yada it goes down about uh this one and that one
uh on on it goes and what does this say oh here's where they uh you've got a
couple of stars on here on sunday all these explosive forces came together when
thousands of demonstrators filled furtos square on one side of the
place a couple of kids time at the top of the building took a night to a billboard
advertising a rags new army on the other side us forces pointed tanks at the
crowd while a loudspeaker told them that demonstrations are an important part
of democracy but blocking traffic will not be permitted at the front of the
square was the statue that the merkins put up in place of the one toppled one of
sada it's faceless figures are supposed to represent the liberation of the
Iraqi people today they're plastered with photographs of mokata al-sadar
whatever the point of that is okay okay thanks market killed about 45 seconds
from the guardian which always has pretty good stuff but usually not there
148 is 560 qm when we come back that last pair and then
zack and josh are going to sing till two o'clock
and look at this is 43560
Friday you bastard good morning americans it's Paul Harvey
standby for news while out one morning in the park a juggler found a brand new
tennis ball and seeing no one around it might belong to he slipped it into his pocket
into his pocket in his shorts later on his way home he stopped at the pedestrian
crossing waiting for the lights to change a girl standing next to him i the large
bulge in his shorts what's that she asked her eyes cleaning with lust
tennis ball said the man oh said the girls sympathetically that must be
painful i had tennis elbow once now page two a chinese man arranges for a
hooker to come to his room for the evening once in the room they undress
climb into bed and make love when finish the Chinese man jumps
up runs over to the window takes a deep breath
dives under the bed climbs out the other side jumps back into the bed with a
hooker and commences to repeat his performance the hooker is impressed with the
gusto of the second encounter when finish the Chinese man jumps up runs over to
the window takes a deep breath dives under the bed climbs out the other side
jumps back into the bed with the hooker and begins againely
Hooker is amazed at this sequence is repeated four times. I'll say it again four times during the fifth encounter
She decides I'll try this myself. So when they're done
She jumps up goes to the window takes a deep breath of fresh air dives under the bed and finds four Chinese men Paul Harvey
Good day
153 at 560 always love that Paul Harvey not
He's still on the air I think isn't he?
Not sure got to be 110 years old
Anyway, here's the one giveaway one more pair right? We got one more pair to give away. That's right
That's what I thought see how I keep track see how I want to give away once the stuff we don't have like Zach was trying to get me to do
What do you mean? Oh, we got like you said in the beginning of the show
We got tons of tickets, you know like a problem give away 400 pair millions
Well, I don't serve them right all in freeloaders anyway
Yeah, why not plus of course the people I do have to come to station have to meet and comport with the freaky Carlos out there
So that's punishment enough for being a freeloader. Yes
Based on what you know and here on a year who do you pick as the most obnoxious person WQ AM
Moe Howard David had man is he a monster huh?
263
Just when we thought Moe with the old man was slipping a little bit
Hank the Hebrew hammer 104 a strong second, but out of the Moes league. I got 51
Scroan got 45 towards 38
Geli 31 I'm not playing those things. Okay 31 of those just the one. In fact, he's got
No way man, but
Well, I know it was a lot easier wasn't a lot easier. You're right. Oh, I couldn't handle it Greg Read 25 freaky Carlos 19 the mad dog 17 the big oh
We're talking about obnoxious time Drek there's obnoxious for it. Just look him up in the dictionary his pictures next to it nine
Joseph Ackie eight Joe Rose six Zach. You got five. Yeah, just moved ahead of the beast nice
Well, what's wrong with that?
Jeff high five boy five eighty decay four the beast four Clarence three
Duff Scott three and Robert creepers stuck on two out of 658 because they haven't got any idea who the hell that is
That's the only really nice as well. Okay. Just look up here. I'm garing picture in the in the encyclopedia. You'll see it
Oh line nine must be pretty good call Q.A. M. Hello and you know you're pretty good good good most obnoxious that guy you have for well Scott Jr
He's he's already given his notice. He's history man. Good man. Good. I have a quick question
I live up on Orlando and this is right wing nut job up here and you'll never disclose ratings
How can I get to see what his ratings are? Who's that guy name Shannon Burke never heard him. Yeah, it's him right wing loser
How do I know what his ratings are we're kind of look that up can't?
Can't I mean you guys I don't know if they're actually they make them public but what's the season is he on?
W. F. L. A. 540. Well that's F. L. A. Yeah, I must be them as be like a farm team of F. L. A. In Tampa, right?
No, it's that out of Orlando. I think I know I think it is Tampa. Yeah, but but it comes out of Tampa
Oh, F. L. A. is not F. L. A. is 970 look it up look up Arbiteron dot com and look at the different markets and maybe they'll have it on there for you
Okay, I doubt it but look at out keep them off the street, right? Oh
We better hurry. We got another pair of tickets to you boy. Yes. Yes
Just relax. Okay, we can take care of it WQM. Hello
Yes, sir, am I speaking to Neil sounds like you
Listen, um, I was that was
You know when you get your phone face, maybe I'll consider okay anybody with a phone like that has to take care of priorities in order right get
To get a new phone and we'll work on it next time WQM. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir
I saw a couple of great bumper stickers and I think you'd love one of each okay
One says nobody lied when Clinton nobody died when Clinton lied right and the other one says protect the environment plan a pushback in Texas beauty
I like it. I would like one of each of those and we love you love to have you on the air to be able to reach more people
Maybe this country would turn around I wish get back with the longs
Thank you. I went to the game last night. Yes, well the last time you saw major league picture go three for three incredible
So I'll take the tickets if you got them if not give them someone more deserving we love you and have a great life
Thanks a lot, pal. I'm not gonna give them because he went to the game last night
So he has a great call. I appreciate the alic job. You're a good guy, but I give them the sodium like maybe somebody on line seven Q.A. And hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yes, this is Neil. Yes, it is
Neil God are you doing sir? All right
Hey, I
Just listen to today because I got in the car with a radio in it and
You guys are giving away the money. Yeah, you want to work?
What is it? What can I do to open English?
Oh
That obla English
Okay, hang on and you got him. I'll appear
See there's a guy. He didn't even know who the hell I am
He sounds like he needs it like he just got off the bed and a boy another guy that called before he said it worth a game last night and he
He felt like he was kind of guilty, you know, asking right of course and rightfully so how come I hear like an echo now
Is that just me or is that I think my brains are Friday? You notice that beeping is still going on
It's it's become so used to what by now if I part of my brain
Man, this is definitely the George W. Bush torture treatment I give him here they make it mostly they found you I told you oh
Brother anyway, here's a couple of things going on this weekend join Geldy tonight
Well, in fact you didn't squeeze him and he goes yeah
Just poke him in the ribs. He goes like that. I'm sure I'll run tomato anime goes
Join Geldy night six to eight of the Davy quarter deck at
31 55 South University drive stop by for Amstelites specials win some Marlon tickets if you missed out with us
You got a chance with guilty and mergers and win trip for two to WQM Iceland open golf tournament in June
Probably in Reykjavik get your licks and Reykjavik and
Join George tomorrow afternoon from noon until two at Senneland and authorize Verizon wireless store at
4410 West 16th Avenue in Haya, Lia
Stop by for more Marlon tickets. I guess that's your last shot all of probably on the year
We're gonna be when you think all we can sure. I'm sure
Is this gonna be a regular thing now that the front running probably the Marlon fans have got so in gunghole?
Of course, everyone wants to go now everybody's into it now. Oh man. That's a that's a hottest ticket in town. We want to go see the Marlon
So anyway, George will have some of this for tomorrow and well, that's right in Haya, Lia, no less and some other prizes too
Like a one-way ticket back where you came from anyway, that's gonna do it for us pretty good week here's Zach
That bad Josh of course is usual continuing to a learning experience
Ha ha ha ha ha
A magnificent job except for a little bit of the spelling nobody's perfect, okay?
And just put embarrassing Eric is what he said. It was my pleasure.
He's an Adelaide grandson coming up next for the mad dog. It's
Bye bye bye
Thank you for the show I'm pricing you know you QEF
Finally for Laredela
I don't care what mommy says about the meat guys as shut up and keep on chewing. Oh my god
