Friday you first good
You have an elevator that goes up to the suite and an elevator that goes down
the street
You're fired
It's over. Don't you think it's over?
Who chose this stupid person and the money somewhere disappeared between the hand and the ass?
I'm down to the street. Good luck. You're fired.
I think you're concept of this kind of at this stage of your job. I am not impressed.
So what's your spell? What is what to do?
You're fired.
You're fired.
You're fired.
You're fired.
I'm on the show.
I'm on the show.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
It's a catchphrase.
The Frenchist looked like a...look a party.
The Frenchist looked like a...look a party.
And they're...they...I just watched...
What's her name again?
Orland Sidney on CNN.
She showed three of the five models.
Not the kind of models you guys are looking for.
But three of the five projection models that were...
Ivan is going.
And three of those are very promising, because they take it well out in the Gulf.
In fact, it goes poor Yahoo's up there in Alabama, Mississippi.
With or without a vanje on their knee.
They might just get want.
Into the pale handle.
But that again...well, we'll get to that.
We've got all that stuff.
At the other o'clock, we've got the new advisory coming out.
We've got the new tracking map now.
Yesterday at five.
Oh, let me just ask you this, Josh and George.
Do we have two breaks to do still this hour, just one?
Oh, yeah, we have two.
We have two?
That's right.
Well, as a matter of fact...
We have two.
That's right.
Well, as a matter of fact...
We have two.
We have two.
We have two.
We have two.
We have two.
The other day, we'll have duck hunting with the judge.
Mark?
I'm dying on the air!
Thank you very much, the FCC.
Thank you very much for finding me.
Thanks a lot.
5000 bucks a ton.
So I'm really out of luck.
That's more than how your device was going to need.
So, you very much...
The FCC...
For proving that free speech just isn't free.
Clear channels and deer channels, so how it's done must go.
A termy general astrophils who likes strong words and so,
is charging twice as much as all the drugs for rush limo.
So far you want so very much.
That, that.
So far you very much, dear Mr. Bush.
For your rowy curly sitting on your tush,
Brackum, for Halliburton, and Ron all the companies who hail.
And on the left side, on the clear signal,
I'm sick Martha straight in jail.
She's a nobody rich rich, and a Jewish she isn't.
So far you want so very much.
So you think she'll be too.
You and everything you do.
Your pace maker must be a fake.
You haven't got a lot.
As far as I'm concerned, you're just a tasty face,
and as for Condoleez, a she's a little intellectual.
So far you want so very much.
So, you very much, be in the air.
For giving all the laskers oil away.
It really is a bummer when I can't fill my home.
The ozone, the no-go zone, now that Arnold's here to say.
The nuclear inter-games are going to take great care of the air.
So you also very much.
So what the planet fails.
Let's save the great white males.
And so you also very much.
1048.5.
60WQA.
Here's a fact from a Spencer.
I thought he was still washing cars.
As a concern listener says, you must go to this link and watch.
What happened at the Pentagon?
It's got this long, yada yada yada.
Maybe I'll check it out during a break.
Probably one of those conspiracy theories about how the plane never really hit the Pentagon.
Who in a bomb, of course that raises the question.
Did that plane just disappear into thin air?
Or maybe.
Or maybe it just went out to see.
Who knows?
Well, 1,613, I guess before I give the poll.
Let me just give you a little update on the 8am advisory, which is a little dated now.
In fact, the 11 o'clock is already out.
We just don't have it yet.
All right.
Well, at 8 o'clock this morning, the eye of Hurricane Ivern was located in your latitude.
16.3 north.
Longitude 74.7 west, about 165 miles southeast of Kingston, Jamaica.
And man, I don't want to like wish anything bad on our good Jamaican friends.
Yeah, man.
But they are going to get walloped.
I mean, it's like right there.
Ivan is moving still toward the west northwest near 13 miles an hour.
The motion expected to bring the center of Ivan to near Jamaica two nights.
Tonight, it's going to be the big blow on Jamaica.
Maximum sustained winds near 145 miles an hour with higher gusts.
Some of the gusts up to 180 miles an hour, by the way, do you see that?
I did.
Stronger winds, especially in gusts.
Like I just said, only seconds ago, are likely over elevated terrain.
Some fluctuations in intensity are likely and Ivan could become even stronger
as it years, Jamaica, not a good idea.
Hurricane Force, Windsorx, and outward up to 50 miles from the center.
Tropical storm, forced Windsorx, and outward up to 175 miles.
Latest minimum central pressure reported by reconnaissance plane was 934 millivars.
It's a little bit up, last night it was like 921.
And of course, that's the number the lower it gets, the worse it is.
So it's back up a little bit, but still really nasty.
I guess we'll just wait before we start screaming and getting everybody whipped up and we'll frenzy.
Because like I said yesterday at 5 o'clock, that one track looked very promising.
It looked promising against the people like Little Earth North and North of Tampa there.
But even that, it wouldn't be a direct hit.
We'll have to wait and see.
I'm going to say it again.
My advice, not based on any hysteria, not based on my even being there.
Because I'm looking out my window.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
It's sunny. It's going to be 72 today in Toronto.
It's the next several days.
It's going to be beautiful.
No hurricanes, no rain, no nothing.
It's going to be lovely.
But you're not in Toronto and it's the bottom line.
It's going to be possibly really, really nasty.
And the key's also, which of course, have been evacuated.
Anyway, this is what the Sun's sent.
It said Hurricane Ivan Loughgren, they were a wasteland.
The flattened houses, twisted metal and splitted wood.
Is it bored on an automaker?
With deadly winds and monstrous waves, forcing a half million people to flee their homes.
The death toll on the Caribbean stood 23 was expected to rise.
The hurricane devastated Grenade on Tuesday, tossing sailboats against the shore, tearing apart buildings, setting off frenzies of looting.
Oh boy.
I guess I'll have to restrain myself from saying anything about that.
Well, we got a pretty loaded here.
The destruction is worse than I've ever seen.
Instead, Michael Steele, a 34-year-old resident whose home was destroyed, were left with nothing.
U.S. officials ordered people to evacuate from the keys after forecasters said the storm,
the fourth major hurricane of the Atlantic season, could hit the island chained by Sunday after crossing Cuba.
It was the third evacuation ordered in Florida in a month following Charlie in Francis.
Ivan already the deadliest hurricane hit the Caribbean in a decade,
at least violent winds downpours and waves across a wide area.
It killed 13 people in Grenada, one in Tobago, four in Venezuela, one Canadian woman in Barbados,
and four youngsters need a lot of Republican and Minicana who were swept away by a giant wave through.
Even though the storm was nearly 200 miles away.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
And then it goes on about the looting, which is really just, it just makes you shake.
Looting broke out Thursday as hundreds of people including families with children,
smacked storm shutters and shopwenders to take televisions and shopping carts of food,
some carried away bed frames and macroses.
Maybe they wanted to have the beds to hide under.
Boy, I think those people ought to be taking out and maybe just shot right on TV.
What do you think that's a good idea?
It's a great idea and they do it here.
Maybe our faxor, maybe our chronic hurricane faxor is going to fax us real soon,
the 11 o'clock advisory because you know I'm not even looking now because they don't put it up there
until right at the top of the hour.
Right.
So like right after the next break, I'll take a peek on there.
And of course, I'd love it also.
Twice a day, I mean, no four times a day, 5 a.m. and 5 p.m.
11 a.m. and 11 p.m. you get the new projections and also the whole package
is the weather prognosticators like to say.
And I can only imagine, I'm ready delighted for many reasons that I'm not there no more.
I can only imagine the history that the weather theory has missed,
a North Cross and Miss Kamala are whipping up already.
You told me that they're hyperventilating?
Yes, everybody is.
All right, here's the poll result from here today.
And it's not too promising, Greg.
What's your take on the current WQAM lineup?
Over 1,600 votes.
I want to kneel back at 10, 430, 430 and about 26.5%.
I want to show back at 10 so they have some idea when it starts.
I want the hopper back now, 387.
Almost about 24%.
I may have some good news on that in a second.
Possible good news.
What is that lineup?
Does anybody know?
Greg, we should be in a straight check, which I thought most of us had taken a vote to greet on that.
It's not that unanimously quite some time ago, but now he's just proving it more and more every day,
every week or every month, as the QM lineup has just got the same fight as dancing its pants.
227 say Greg should be in a straight check.
It blows 170.
How about those Patriots by the way?
Oh, yeah.
I'm actually that charge state of loss that thing.
I did.
What about a great game?
It was a hell of a game.
How about those World Champion New England Patriots?
Oh, yeah.
Pull it off again.
Tom Brady still looked pretty good to me.
And let's see it blows, speaking of that 170.
And I love it only 148.
The new lineup.
Let me look at that again.
No, 150 now 9.2%.
How does 1626 votes?
Just over 9% of the audience loves the new lineup Greg.
Yeah.
And the rest of them are like foaming at the mouth and wanting to have a radio revolution because they're so pissed off.
He just keeps jerking the audience around and yanking and twisting their chain.
And they never have any idea who's going to be on win.
Winnithio starts.
We do know one thing that we got Cub's baseball this afternoon.
Now, unfortunately, for us, well, yesterday you got to remember it was a pretty good scam.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yesterday was a pretty good scam.
It was an excellent scam.
Yes.
I thought for just a second maybe you went home into Beast came in.
No, that's what he does.
He does that to me all the time.
Anyway, moving right a little bit.
We're going to have a lot of time in it.
So, because we've got a decade, 145 today.
So we only shave this baby by 15 minutes on that end, although about 40 minutes on the front end.
So that's almost an hour.
We'll take that.
By the way, yes.
Eric says to look at the Navy map that you should know the link to it if you don't all send that to you.
The Navy map.
That's the one that had.
I don't trust them.
Naval research map.
No.
There's the worst they had that they had.
They had Francis.
Will you listen to me?
I'll listen to you.
I think they had Francis coming directly west over South Florida of all the projections.
There's what's consistently the wrong.
Now, is there some special reason I should look at it because they have an update?
Oh, they do have.
They have an update.
Well, during the break, I'll take a big nap.
Can I finish the schedule or not?
By the way, the Adolphin Tennessean George came up with this idea.
I think the organization knows you had debt of gratitude.
The Titans and the dolphins at one o'clock tomorrow course will have that right on QA.
And with the pregame starting 100 hours before the game.
But anyway, today at 145 Marlins on deck, huge humongous double header.
Marlins at Wrigley Field to play the Cubs appear starting at 220 this afternoon.
Meanwhile, Hurricane FSU game is on power 96.
You might actually be able to hear it.
The
Ratchemar's exclusive on the
156.
God, your breasts are beautiful.
F-bomb came out of Cheney's mouth.
See F-bomb came out of Cheney's mouth.
It is wrong, but he's not backing down.
The silvery quets are common fomous mouths.
Best descendant's fears must have been heard.
Don't ask it, Cheney.
About how the furt are furted.
How the furt are furted.
Cause if you do, don't let it.
Let it curse worth for furt slip.
Let it curse worth slip.
He should know when the ratings are low.
Keep it zip, it fit fit fit.
You know the battles must be near to start his heart.
Start the CPR, accept the mouth and mouth part.
Cheney's mouth is really getting foul.
See the growth fantasy in the White House.
Scenitor Lee, he don't should fit on RBT.
He showed us this sweet darn 2015.
He dropped the F-bomb.
I heard it made sense that the naval, and he's got a link to it.
I see on our website that that's a new track.
It looks exactly the one from the 5 o'clock this morning from the hurricane center.
But at any rate, the 11 o'clock advisory is in.
Good, my national hurricane center.
I beg your pardon?
I said goodie.
Tangerous hurricane, I have been gradually approaching Jamaica, mon.
I expected him to move slowly between the Cayman Islands and Cuba.
A hurricane warning remains an effect for Jamaica and the Cayman Islands.
A hurricane watching a tropical storm warning ran an effect for the entire southwest peninsula of Haiti
from the border of the Dominican Republic westward, including Port-au Prince.
At 11 o'clock this morning, the government of Cuba has finally issued a hurricane watch for the entire island
and tropical storm warning for the southeast coast, the south coast of eastern Cuba, from Kabul crews to Santiago de Cuba.
At 11 o'clock this morning, all warnings and watches have been discontinued for a lot of Republican Dominican.
Interestingly, central and western Caribbean sea should post-emotiv the progress of dangerous Hurricane Ivan.
At 11 o'clock the Ivory Canal was located near latitude 16.5 north.
Now the 8 o'clock was 16.3, correct?
The winds have put 75.1 west, about 155 miles southeast of Kingston, Jamaica.
Ivan is continuing to move toward the west, northwest, near 12 miles an hour.
And this motion is expected to bring the core of Ivan to near Jamaica tonight or early tomorrow morning.
Maximum sustained winds, near 145 miles an hour with higher gusts, stronger winds, especially in gusts,
are likely over elevated terrain, some fluctuations in intensity, likely during the next 24 hours.
Hurricane Force winds extend outward up to 60 miles from the center and tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 175 miles.
The estimated minimum central pressure was 934 millibars.
What was it on the 8 o'clock?
I'm sure you're keeping track.
Oh yeah.
It was 9, the 30 same, which is not good.
A storm surge flooding of 5 to 8 feet above normal tide levels along with large,
in dangerous battering waves can be expected, near the center of Ivan in the Hurricane Warning area.
And that's it.
So we'll keep a look for the tracking map. You see it yet?
No. I'm like the wetter channel.
Yeah.
Morning.
Manager Macon seems to think, well, maybe it's not going to hit.
Maybe it's just going to turn out of the last minute.
Oh, OK.
The weather issue goes, those saying something is very different.
One of them told me yesterday, and this morning again repeated that warning,
that the Hurricane Ivan could be catastrophic for the island.
He believes that it will be much worse than the impact of Hurricane Gilbert here.
The last major hurricane in the past over Jamaica in 1988, Darren.
OK, so they're not doing their thing, or they're making the audibi,
but it's up to you folks, strictly in your hand.
They're doing their thing.
That's the problem. They're not doing the right thing. They're doing their thing.
Steve likes to see today's photo on the Beated Curtain,
which I was just going to get to, the photo and the new poll and a whole bunch of whole pile of stuff.
Speaking of Cheney, by the way, all of a sudden he said,
why didn't we meet him by that?
Oh, it just gotcha.
Yeah, we're going to get another terrorist attack, no matter who you're like.
I just tossed that out there to see what kind of reaction I'd get.
Who?
Yeah, look at that later on.
Get the whole bunch of crap later on.
Now that we got almost three hours here today, how do you like that?
Oh!
Almost, not quite.
145 that pregame show.
Let's see. Steve says, great photo of Pharaoh today's Beated Curtain.
So we don't need to waste any time on that,
because if you don't know who Pharaoh Fossil is, then you must have been hiding under a rock,
an ambition which he's about 100 years old now.
But that's a fantastic picture from many years ago.
But thirdly, man.
And she's laying there stark naked.
It's a beautiful thing.
So there he goes.
As Pharaoh Fossil for you here today's poll question.
Regardless of your choice, right now, who do you think will win the election?
In other words, no matter who, for getting about who you like or who you're going to vote for,
or would vote for if you had the energy head and IQ, regardless of your choice,
right now, who do you think will win the election?
Bush?
Kerry?
Don't know, or don't give a shmit.
Those are the four choices.
I'm not putting Nate around there because that would be just playing stupid.
Oh, come on.
Oh, yeah.
No chance.
Oh, yeah.
Nate is going to win the election.
He's going to pull off the last minute surprise.
Everybody gets a free 65-core bear without a fan belt, but you have to get your own.
Here is a really good news for you, doll fans.
There are not so great news for us because we would prefer that the game would be blacked out somehow for some way.
I can't imagine how that would be.
Unless, of course, huh?
Blacked out in Spanish, too.
It's going to be interesting to see how many people actually show up tomorrow.
You know what?
Yep.
And it's for two of us for the Marlins, I guess, that these huge games with the Cubs are really feeling Chicago because the last thing they need to go through that hole, saw it advance again.
I started to tell the audience, I teased them a little bit on the Hank, just in situation, and a little bit of fat teased.
And I can't give you any solid information.
I would like to be rock solid, but can't do it yet.
But on next week's schedule, on Monday in 4 to 6.30 is Moe Howard, David.
For maybe the last time, and that's slot anyway.
Two of the day we got Marlins again, the Expo's, Double Hitter at Florida.
Oh, that's right, the Expo is coming to town on Monday.
So I'm counting my games before they hatch because, well, we'll see.
See whether those games are going to get played.
Anyway, in fact, they might have to play a whole bunch of D-Night Double Hitter starting in like 10-30 and a more.
Well, that would be great.
Yes, actually, they might actually play the games on the road because if the hurricane is...
Yeah.
They might actually go to Kamiski in Chicago because it'll be open.
They're going to play in Kamiski Park.
There'll be a lot of people there to see Florida in Montreal.
Where do they mean Kamiski Park?
That's not even called Kamiski Park.
Or you're talking about the old Kamiski, I thought they tore that down.
It's still Kamiski, isn't it?
No, wait, it's what now.
No, you're right, you're right.
But no, it might be played there because it's going to be open.
Well, I'm going to tell you for a guy, no wonder Dave Van Boring is so bad.
Good, all right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
For a guy that squeezes his hand for the entire game to keep him a little energized,
and you're not doing much of a good job on that.
You guys don't know anything about baseball.
I know the Marlins winning streak ended the end today, finally.
Against the match, that said, for nothing, I believe it was the final score.
Am I right about that?
Yeah, you are right about that.
And I don't know if the Cubs won or lost yesterday if they even played.
They lost.
Did they really?
Well, that's good news.
What about Houston?
Like I said, here's the...
I don't want to put you on this spot because your scope is so narrow.
If only the hurricane track advice we could be as narrow, we could like pinpoint it.
Oh, there's...
What's your name again, Orlan Sidney?
Henry, just came in from the National Hurricane Center.
I'll give you a kind of perspective here.
Of course, is Ivan.
Here is Jamaica.
And Cuba, and then the Florida Keys down through here.
I think it's a pretty good bet that any of those keys could certainly be in trouble though.
Oh my God.
The good news is, well, I don't know if it's good news or not.
The storm seems to be slowing down a little bit.
So I guess that's good news to a certain degree because if you're on the right side of the storm,
the winds won't be quite as strong.
But look, it's only slowed down to 12 miles an hour.
And it looks like now the winds will hold at about 145 or thereabouts.
Oh, what a burn.
They can move on towards Jamaica.
So Jamaica is going to get a almost direct hit from a very strong hurricane.
There's just really no way out of it unless we could just make the storm disappear.
And as you know, that just don't happen.
155 miles now, south east of Kingston.
16.5 north, 75.1 west is the current storm.
Let's get that cracking more concrete out.
As we go on through the next couple of days, here's what we're looking at.
Notice that as we get to 8 a.m. Monday, the storm is just over the northern coast of Cuba
in between Cuba and Florida, right through the Florida Strait.
That's a little bit of a slowdown from previous.
You can see Sunday, it hasn't even made it to the Isle of Youth or the southern part of Cuba.
So this is going to be a very slow track through the Caribbean.
And we think the turn to the north and northwest is probably a pretty good bet.
Look on either side here, stretching all the way from the Bahamas down to the Yucatan Channel.
That's the area of possibility as we go on into 8 a.m. Monday.
So we're certainly not out of the woods yet as far as Florida is concerned.
Everybody in Florida needs to be concerned about this.
But so do people across the central Gulf and maybe even parts of the Bahamas in the southeast U.S.A.
Look at this, though.
Notice we're down to category three as we get up towards the northern coast of Cuba.
That's still a major hurricane and still a reason for the hurricane watch that's in effect for Cuba.
So of course the warnings continue for Jamaica.
That's pretty lame because I didn't see the, I don't see it on her yet on the NOAA website, the 11 o'clock advisory.
But I'm sure Eric will click it onto our website as soon as it becomes available like within a couple of years.
10 or 12 hours, yes.
Anyway, what I'm starting to say about Hank is that I see on the schedule on Tuesday, you've got Mad Dog at 2 and then the crow will be on for a half an hour,
which is more than enough, 4 to 430 because then the pregame shows it 430.
We got that Marlins exposed double header and of course, well, if they move against the Chicago,
that would screw the times all up.
Because first of all, they're an hour behind, well, whatever.
And then Wednesday through Friday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, it's got Jim Mandage 2 to 4.
And then in 4 to 630, it's got no name, it's got question marks and the mysterious.
How do you like that?
Pretty mysterious to me.
Question mark.
So I think that means that the room with a scuttle butterbatter building is that they're finally talking to the Humper
and that maybe that's the scuttle butterbatter.
Actually, I have no idea of knowing.
And hopefully he'll be back next week long overdue.
In fact, even Jim Sarny said, where the hell is he?
Fat Jim Sarny in the Sunsendle says this morning, Hank Goldberg was back on the Airwaves 3rd to the 9th to TV Airwaves.
In his world as NFL prognosticator for ESPN, Goldberg appeared on the sports center segment with Dan Packrich.
Then gave his first pick of the season, the paid prince over the colds.
Nice going, Hank.
Although I don't know what the spread was.
Do you?
I do not.
No.
I don't want to say.
Meanwhile, Goldberg remains suspended with pay.
With pay from his afternoon talk show on WQM.
When and if he returns as anyone's guest.
There's been no communication Goldberg said, I'm still the next aisle except that I'm home.
This has gone beyond the point of ridiculousness.
And he is.
Absolutely correction.
And Jim Sarny says the NFL season has started.
If you were WQM, you should get Goldberg back on the Air and roll out the red carpet.
And he also is.
Absolutely correction.
And once in his pathetic life, Jim Sarny.
So here you go with that.
So there's a chance that Wednesday, the Humber will be back.
I just got a feeling it's going to happen, right?
I don't know what happens though.
Don't, don't, don't.
I guess send him out to get his head redone, right?
He could do overnight.
overnight sound good.
Two to five in the morning.
He's used to those early hours anyway, huh?
Absolutely.
He would be Dino Mike.
In fact, I can see it right now.
If Joe Costa, Joe and Mo.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
I mean, two to five at AM is the or two to six in the AM is the Howard Stern lead-in.
They got a, Stern deserves a better lead-in than sporting news radio, right?
Absolutely.
I mean, something that Jim and the little little send off there.
Howard and Howard, back to back.
Twelve minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM right now,
Armstrong, Florida, home said wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining O-4s.
Here are just some of the great deals right now.
And as I speak, an O-4 F-150 pickup, you pay just a dollar over invoice.
New O-4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice.
Rangers, crowned vicks, toruses and focuses all waiting for you at just a buck over invoice only at Armstrong, Florida, home said.
Plus Armstrong, Florida offers more value to the slow customers.
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong, Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That is absolutely correct.
Tires and batteries for life.
The value you'll get at Armstrong, Ford doesn't stop there either.
Because right now you can get to a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for time, Armstrong, Ford knows your time is valuable, especially with all the
screwing around with the stuff that's going on right now with these 85 hurricanes.
We got so called this number and shopped by phone, 305, 247, 5112.
They'll even deliver your new vehicle right to you in your storm shelter,
in your home, in your office, where every hanging it out.
Armstrong, Florida, home said locally owned and operated.
They'll treat you just like family and I guarantee you.
You can beg Greg Reid's life on it.
That you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town.
No bait and swish, no phony deals, at Armstrong, Florida, home state.
If they're located at 307, 25 South Dixie Highway,
which is just 20 minutes south of the 836, check them out of the web at ArmstrongCars.com.
Drive a little and save a ton on that new Ford only from Armstrong Ford of homestead.
The New York City Legal Rights Act is exclusive on the way to the 16th.
The New York City Legal Rights Act is exclusive on the way to the 16th.
They used to call it the GOP.
And I strongly agree with right wing policy, so they won't become
and for me Abu Garo ripped so I went to the Natsit party,
convention held in the entire state.
For 9-11, thank the Saudis, give their hands a shake,
and dance on the grain of reading.
Mine comes now.
The bush doctrine as well, you see, be leaving one if you can't think for yourself.
The new, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new, the new.
The entertaining that the Natsit party was appropriately Christian and white.
There was David Duke and Clear Channel, the proofly Greenwood and Toby Green's East case.
I'm watching all righty now and hand-couple to her as well.
If you don't believe what she's the only one that you should die of, go to hell.
Love an 19-560 WQ, I'm happy Friday to him, but we got a lot of heavy.
We got just pressure packed these next few days, you know, especially you.
Yeah, low pressure.
I can just sit back and relax and put my feet up on a coffee table and turn on that TV
and just laugh my ass off.
I'm very concerned.
I beg your pardon?
Maybe I should take a vacation next week.
To North Carolina, I think that's where this thing's going to want it.
Yeah, about Wednesday or Thursday, I think it'd be a really good idea.
There's your Friday next week, just hang on real tight.
Anyway, Eric was right, and of course Eric don't make mistakes.
We know that we apologize profusely for down the UN.
Eric's actually got the new, I don't see the new poll up there yet,
but he can only do four or five things at one time.
He has the 11 a.m. tracking map up there and he was right.
The Naval observatory, whatever it is, they had several minutes ago.
Not 30, man.
About a half an hour ago, and he was right.
And the reason that I didn't think that it was any different is because if you compare,
I've got them both in my hand right now, the 5 a.m. tracking map and the 11 a.m.
The change is so imperceptible, but I'm just looking at it.
Have you ever seen those things like in magazines where they show you a contest?
If you didn't find the eight differences between these two pictures,
it's the same thing with these pictures because the track over Jamaica,
I mean a direct hit about a bane.
The times of change, the time frame, they've slowed it down,
because it's slowing down when it gets to Cuba.
And anyway, then they show it over the Northwest Coast to Cuba,
eight o'clock Monday morning instead of two a.m.
so it's six hours behind schedule.
Then they show it moving to the Northwest, but then right to the North.
And just offshore the keys and moving north to a five o'clock this morning,
it looked like I would call that, I don't want to say punta gorda.
So I'll say punta gorda.
Puta gorda.
Yeah, like right around there.
And now it's directly west of Tampa.
And just a little bit slightly offshore,
but that puts it would put the whole right side, the whole evil eye,
the whole bad deal.
I mean, I would be a little bit offshore,
but the right hand side, the heavy duty stuff,
we right over Tampa, same peak clear water,
all of those go in over there.
Then it shows it moving north.
Yeah, there's a little subtle difference here.
Now that would be eight o'clock Tuesday morning as opposed to two o'clock Tuesday morning.
So like I said, they've pushed it back.
They've pushed it back about six hours because it's slowing down.
And then up into Georgia, they've extended a little bit further north and
moved to the east at eight o'clock Wednesday morning.
Got it?
Are you following that?
Are you going to go on it with your crates on your big screen?
I'll print it out the Navy map.
If you click on the little picture,
you get a big map that you can print and show all your friends.
It's great.
Well, I don't trust those as the Navy people
because they're maybe they're going to be really good.
See, that's the problem.
There's no way to know.
I mean, so yes, it's guess work at best.
Wait a minute.
Yes.
They're on the Navy side.
It says information by the National Hurricane Center,
graphic by whoever.
In other words, they're just taking the information and drawing it out really nice
and a lot of detail.
No, but the Naval Observatory is one of the places where they do their own tracking
and they give one of the proposed possible things.
Okay.
But this does forecast by the National Hurricane Center, right, above the map.
Right.
Why are you trying to complicate this?
Oh, stick with Noah, baby.
He's the guy with a nails in the hammer.
Stick with Noah.
So, anyway, that's my best suggestion is I would be prepared.
I mean, that guy that called yesterday like putting the burden of his life on my shoulders.
I don't really care for that because I don't know how to help my qualified.
I'm not going to be somebody sitting here saying,
well, I've been through these things for years.
What if they don't know how to help the wine, right?
How to help the wino?
Well, especially at WQM where thank God for these computers, thank God for TV sets
because of them that we are in the dark, even when the power...
That should be our motto at QAIM.
Even when the power is on, we're in the dark.
Even when the lights are blurring brightly, we're always in the dark.
If you want to know what's going on in town with the hurricanes, anything that's happening in the world,
don't ask us because we haven't got a clue.
Unless it has to do with sports, and even with sports sometimes, if you ask Josh there, what's going on?
He's a little bit...
That's from working with Dave and boring so long.
He's under a lot of stress trying to keep that guy awake and animated, and you'd be under stress too.
I like this story that somebody faxed in.
Daytona Beach, where else would this happen?
A man who swung an alligator in his girlfriend during an argument was sentenced to six months in jail.
David Havana, 41, a port orange, Florida, pleaded no contest to Mr. Meener charges, a veteran possession of an alligator.
So, possession of an alligator, with it a concealed alligator.
Yeah, said Linda Pruitt, spokeswoman for the State Attorneys, or office, he changed his earlier pre-immocule,
he was sentenced to six months in jail, but 48 days credit for time served during his September first hearing.
Sheriff's officials said Havana was keeping with...
Oh, it's only a little baby.
Three-foot gatorine is back, tub, and swung it at his girlfriend Nancy Monico, 39, to an argument July 16.
Monico, I guess that's her name, told investigators that Havana repeated with his fists,
then grabbed the gatorine swung it at her, so she tried to escape.
The gator struck Monico at least once after which time Havana threw empty beer bottles at her,
and then kicked her out of her mobile home, she told investigators.
Havana told investigators that Monico bit his hand because she was upset they'd run out of booze.
That's in port orange, man, it sounds so port orangey to me, you know what?
The alligator was later released in the St. John's River, coined a wildlife commission of faith.
That's a lovely story.
It's very heartwarming to me.
Here's a fact that says, have you noticed the polls all of a sudden have gone all over the place?
That's right.
And yesterday's ABC poll was giving shrub big leads in all the important categories,
even the handling of Iraq where we've only had over a thousand Americans die,
and there's just chaos in the streets everywhere, and we really do a fine job.
It says, now I may not remember correctly, or maybe a dumbass,
but I never remember polls being sought to whack.
One poll has, in fact, let me cast my vote.
I see Eric who's got the poll up right now, because I'm sure, oh, I think who I think is going to win.
One poll has shrub leading by 11 points, and other has in time with Kiri.
I think that tinkering with the polls has started for two reasons, says the facts are German.
That's his name, or maybe he is a German.
One, a shrub lead demoralizes the opposition, but two, and most important,
if they can start now convincing the electorate that shrub is invincible,
then they won't have any explain to do when the die-bold steals his election.
I think he may have a sum on something right there.
Whether underground.com is the best site for hurricane information, says the facts are going to.
I know you love that website, and I have been looking at that,
but I disagree with you. It's too hard to find what you're looking for.
Stick with the NOAA. That's what I do.
You go wherever you want, and find out whatever you want, and I hope you're safe and happy.
I just don't like the weather underground for this stuff.
For other stuff, it's fine, but not for all we're fighting for.
I like the NOAA.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 10, 5, 6, 10, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11
11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11,
extra blow. Neal, the Navy map that you're just trying to show you is highly, it's the navigational
map that can send out all ships at sea, so it's very, very detailed. It gives you names
of places. It's not like the Noah map that just shows you the geographical outlines. This
tells you where it's going and everything else shows you the wind force and everything
else. It's quite neat. Like I said, I love that Navy, man.
Yeah, well, you know, the, what you're talking about was the naval generated models, which
is right. That's right. That's the problem. That is a problem, but that's with the data
they put into their computer. The map that's going out now, because I use that map myself,
is all Noah data generated into a highly detailed format. Now, second thing is a public service.
When I know a lot of people's electricity went out, I saw a riot yesterday for generators
that the loads of the Sunrise, they were peeping the crap out of each other for a truckload
of generators. Oh, it was a riot, and old people slapped the crap out of each other.
It's funny as hell. They all sounded like Yeldy, they did. But there's a thing, you know,
how a lot of people go out and buy MREs. The meals ready from the military. You can't find
them. A lot of people are going to one store in particular that happen to be a customer
of mine. They have a kosher gourmet meals that are self-heating. They don't need refrigeration.
They have a little metal plate at the bottom of it. They pour a packet that comes in the
meal. What's this? The place is called Sarah's Tent in Adventura. It's a great place.
I mean, it's a really good food. But the stuff you take the thing out of the box, you pour
the water on the plate and then you shove the box back in there and you've got a hot meal
in a minute. I'll be there. I think lots of balls keep probing against each other.
No, no, they're scissor avioli. They've got stuffed cabbage. You know, we can't really
create it. On the TV, Sarah's pal, I got a one. I got a one. I'm going to start the later.
Thanks. 28 past 11 at 560, your kosher station, QIN, but we're still in the dark.
You are listening to meaningful, new Rogers exclusive lane on 560, QIN.
On the good ship of this stud, it's a slave ship and it's very hot when you roll all day.
And the wick you have to back with shame. It's a wooden ship and it smells unnoticed like an
art. It's all about egg-bartiness, you die of disease. It's all about the industry.
It's a shame. No, hold on, join it for your tendon is a rat. And if you can play it all
no, right there will be too if thrusted. So you put the slave ship, they don't serve no food.
When you can see, they feed it back to you. Life is very hot of the good ship of the stud.
33 is 560 WDQ and we got the Marlon pregame in 145. The big double header from Wrinkley
Field at 220 to Sapno with the Cubs. See, unlike Francis, because in the early days of that,
I was saying, you know, there's no reason to be panicky and running around and making a big brush on a gas
station and on your supermarkets and convenience stores and grabbing up all the pickled eggs and doing things like that.
With this one, my altitude is quite a bit different and probably the people are too. When you think?
Obviously. I mean, I'm getting my house shuttered. I mean, every window, every crack, every crevice,
shutter to think. I said it to think of what the possibilities are. George was shopping around for generators
yesterday, which I don't want to mention any names of places or anything like that. But it's just, we just forgot about it.
Yeah, for his house and my house, et cetera. I mean, Kesa, Ross, a ride. Plus, I'm not there all the way you are.
Right. At the moment. I'd like that be. But I'd be out, let's see, today is Friday.
And this thing looks like, now, quite the change thing here looks like Sunday. I can't see if this latest tracking is correct at times.
80 am Sunday. It's still well south of Cuba. 80 am Monday. It's like at the northern edge of the Cuban shore above
record blows of an off the man. So at that point, 80 am Monday. So you've got all day today, all day Saturday.
I would think in these next two days between today and tomorrow, it would be the intelligent time to like fill up the tanks with gas,
get all your supplies, do intelligent things. If you want to get to plywood, go ahead and get it. If you still got it, do it.
Get to plywood. There you go. You want to get a whole bunch of toilet paper and some canned beans and whatever that is?
Then go right ahead and have a good time with it. Or you can just sit back and say, well, you know, I don't think so.
I think I'm just going to pray for the best. And then of course, the problem again is that if nothing happens, if you go way out into the gulf,
which couple of the models sure that it might, people, it's the boy who cried, will syndrome.
And the real tragedy is not only that we had the previous two in such a short period of time, but that a lot of people are still waiting to get their power back on.
Yes, they're getting real upset about it too. Many, many people were foaming at the mouth and really pissed off and fired up.
They're just finally getting some of the important traffic signals back up in the year and back up the working again.
And now here we go, but I'm being there. So it's definitely going to be downhill from here on out. You can see that the storm continues across Jamaica until this time,
8 a.m. Saturday after already starting to impact the area now. It may be early tomorrow, maybe in as long as mid day before the storm continues to move on to the next day.
And then we're going to go towards the Cayman Islands. Then notice how much it slows up.
It gets to the northern coast of Cuba at 8 a.m. on Monday. That's a considerable slowing from the previous forecast.
Winds now 145, the pressure 934 moving to the West Northwest at 12 miles an hour. So it has been slowing slightly.
I did want to show you some of the players in the potential forecast. Here, of course, is our hurricane.
Here is the Bermuda High, a big high pressure system that sets up in the Atlantic this time of year. That's the main driver.
But we have this cold front now that's moving across the eastern United States. And that creates a little bit of a weakness that hurricanes may tend to follow.
They don't like high pressure. They tend to bump along along the bottom of it. And once they find a little weakness, they tend to kind of sweep up into it.
And if I change sources, I can show you what that weakness looks like on the water vapor imagery. This is it right here.
Big area of dry air. Here's the cold front itself. But look at this. It's the front that the hurricane slows up too long.
We've got another drop of low pressure out to the West that could be a player as well. Right now, I don't think any of the models are including that.
But this right now, the main player. So we've just got several things to worry about. There is some good news.
Hurricane is expected to start interacting with land and perhaps decrease and strength as it moves across Jamaica.
And Cuba right now, the pressure at 934 puts it out of the top five list. But the course things will change as we go on through the next several days.
We've settled here. It's not pretty far. We're going to hit the United States. We do know however that's going to be a big problem for folks in Jamaica.
Okay. Thank you very much. Orland Sydney on CNN. Thank God for her rights. He's good. I told you. You were ripping her an ass. I thought that was pretty bad.
Okay. Here's how the poll show shapes up so far. And it's very revealing because if we just ask who you're going to vote for, who do you hope wins in this crowd in this rational crowd of ours, Carrie wins by a landslide.
But who do you think is going to win the election right now? Bush 49, Carrie 45, don't know nine. And I don't give a Schmidt five out of 108 votes.
So you see over there's all about competences. I might be low. Now one piece of good news is that the Chinese have been back into a corner here.
Now he's going to be put about a vice president. Dick Cheney sought yesterday to clean up a controversy. He started this week saying now that he doesn't believe that he left.
And I think John Kerry, the president would mean the nation would be hit by another terrorist attack. He just got through saying that it did mean that.
But now after all the crap came down, I didn't mean that no matter who is present the country is vulnerable to attack. He said they newspaper interviewed to try to cover his fat, pimpley old ass.
On Tuesday, Cheney had told supporters in Iowa that there's a danger if the US will be a danger that the US will be attacked again.
And if we make the wrong choice on election day, Democrats and others pounced on the vice president and rightly so with Democratic opponents on it.
It was calling Cheney's comments undignified and divisive. President Bush declined to respond when he was asked whether he agreed with his running mate.
He just stays mom. You know, just like about everything. He just said, I don't know, say like was 5.27 ads. He had no nothing about it.
In his interview Thursday with the Cincinnati and Quarer, Cheney sought to clarify those remarks, cover his big ugly ass saying he wanted to clean up the controversy.
Like I said, cover it with a blanket. I did not say if Carrie is elected, we will be hit by a terrorist attack team to open his paper.
According to a story prepared for today's editions, whoever's elected president has to anticipate more tax. He says in other words, his story is changing now because he took a lot of flack.
My point was the question before us, will we have the most effective policy in place to deal with a threat?
George Bush will pursue a more effective policy than John Kerry. He said, yada yada yada.
And the party's been prepared to deal with a threat. I think I think another heart tremor coming now.
You are seen to kneel logically.
What's going on?
Sir, sir, the moves are working out very well. The practice is 4th and it's time for us to win.
It's time for us to cry so we even beat him to WB.
Barely.
Oh my god.
Michael Jackson was a rating success.
Of course, hold on a second.
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play a remix. I'll jam that thing down your throat.
And get a blue bird away from me.
Oh, come on, blue bird.
I'm allergic.
I, sir.
Sir, over 25 million people, sir.
Shut up, I, sir. Listen.
You see me what I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down. Slide aside. I'm the puppet, master.
I, sir, you do it.
Now Fox is going to hear all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview.
But, but, sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him laugh.
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop.
Public, master.
Me.
Oh.
Reve!
Reve!
Yes, ever.
What the hell are you doing now?
Listen to Flo, boss.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Raymond. What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Raymond.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Raymond. Get out.
Get out.
Yes, sir.
Kill me.
Kill me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Kill me.
Sorry.
Kill me, softly.
Reason I played that is because I was saying to Vitamiki, how do you like that?
Okay. Although he's one of those people who's leaving very slowly.
Bye, bye, bye.
Kind of like, you know, some people came around and everybody wanted to say goodbye, but they just...
Don't hang it around.
Not to mention any names or anything like that.
In Battle Disney's CEO, Michael Eisner will leave the media conglomerate in two years.
The company announced to relieve the day.
Eisner was led the company for nearly 20 years and led it to the board of Walt Disney company yesterday.
So they say you plan to retire at the expiration of his employment contract.
September 30th.
But 30, man.
2006.
Eisner's nothing like long goodbyes, you know?
Don't like it.
Eisner 62 was stripped of his position as chairman after about 42% of shareholders voted and may not to return to the board,
but he retained the support of the company's board despite attacks from two former board members, Stanley Gold and Roy Disney,
the nephew of company founder Walt Disney, shares of Disney fell in European training early Friday on the news.
In the interview published Sunday in the L.A. Times, Eisner said Disney president Robert Eiger was his preferred choice to succeed him.
Eiger of veteran broadcasting executive told the newspaper he's interested in the job.
He wants it.
And if he wants it, he probably going to get it.
Anybody care?
No.
Why are we supposed to care about that crap?
I don't know.
Most of these people are a bunch of cooks anyway and in competence and idiots.
So why are we supposed to care about that?
It's just like the thing about the movies and the box office numbers.
Instead of saying, boy, this movie is really great.
Well, this movie walloped the competition in the box office last week.
Who cares about that?
It's like watching the TV ratings.
Oh, well, most people watch the...
Well, whatever the hell the stupid show is, one of the sitcoms, Joey, you know, who cares?
Do you care about that?
No.
Like me.
Talk about being led by the nose.
Yes, the Joey Reynolds show.
Hey, Tom Ticker wrote a whole column on it.
Nice going, Tom.
You find a guy off the ground.
He's not right about talking to somebody he cares about.
You idiot.
Government to check passenger documents for explosives.
I love this.
Wait till you hear this.
The airport closest to the nation's capital is now the first to test boarding passes for a residue from explosives.
A positive test would suggest a passenger had recently handled explosives.
So if you're going to be handling like a bunch of Donald might and TNT and even watching TNT,
I'd like to wash my hands with Rillow or a lot of airport.
The TSA began the pilot project.
This weekend Ronald Reagan walked the national airport.
Passengers selected for a secondary screening have their boarding passes tested while undergoing other checks.
I think they look for a residue in your vacuum.
Security agencies have boxed a foot square with a swatto fabric that picks up microscopic samples.
There is really no further delay for them as long as it's a negative match.
The explosives scanner takes seconds to register a reading.
The agency recently tested the scanners as part of a rail inspection project in Connecticut.
They said the equipment is not being used routinely on a rail system, but can be if intelligence alerts authorities to a threat.
The scanner can screen paper boarding passes and plastic IDs like drivers licenses for numerous explosives.
These are things we never even thought about before.
I'm thinking because they blew up Oklahoma City, the Nichols bomb.
What is it, Tim McVeigh?
That was a nitrogen bomb.
What else is really rich in nitrogen?
What's that?
You're in.
Oh no, don't let Josh Beckett go to Oklahoma.
Airports in New York, LA and Chicago were to join the test in a few weeks with 10 more airports added in the budget year that starts next month.
I'd wash your boarding pass.
Right, scrub it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8, let's get the lay of the land out there.
Let's find out where these people are in a panic where there is gas plentiful available,
and now that they got all the gas stations, or at least most of them all gased up again,
or whether we're going to go through like hysteria once again.
Like I said, very calmly, very rationally, right, just rush to your nearest agency for what you're saying.
And do the things that you got to do.
And just be prepared, you don't have to go into a...
Don't let them...
I know it's not going to happen because people are just like when they blow the whistle that they're really used to when it was open and highly where the flamingos,
when it was feeding time, and they'll start goose stepping along, just like the thing with Bush and Cheney,
you know, the goose steppers are out there, at least about half of the country.
No need for panic, no need for hysteria.
You've got plenty of time.
That's the one good thing right now.
The other good thing is that this forecast track is so indecisive, so inaccurate, especially the longer you get out,
and especially now that you've got this thing slowing down, not to a crawl like Francis did,
but it just might when it goes over Cuba.
When you think?
Yeah, that's totally unpredictable then.
When it goes over to Las Montanhas de Cuba, at that point, that could like number one break it up quite a bit, hopefully,
and number two, slow it way down.
But in any way, you've got to, the way it looks here, Monday afternoon,
or at the very latest Monday, or earliest Monday morning, before we start re-dicating some impact from this thing,
in Southeast Florida.
So you've got Friday, in Saturday, in Sunday, and if that didn't have time for you, well, we told you so.
Go be a QA and hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
No panic here, man.
I still don't have power, and I'm in plantation.
In plantation, really?
Yeah, I'm going to eat you on sunrise there, but no power.
I haven't had it since Saturday, so.
Well, at least one good thing about that, you don't have to worry that Ivan's going to knock your power out.
Yeah, I said that, that is my mother.
Yeah, I'm seeing that on your shoulder, trying to wipe it.
All right, take care, boy.
Okay, good luck, Palli.
Hi, man.
There's some candles.
And why, and you people that use the candle?
Because they don't want you to use candles anymore.
What's going on?
Right.
I lost the power for two hours, so when I was there, that the Saturday night, and with a couple of candles,
right me too, you would wax all over my head.
Well, you know, if the Christopher's always says,
it's better to light one candle than do a wanderer run in the dark, or whatever the hell they used to say.
That's way before you were born.
They used to have this little, these TV PSAs used to run, the Christopher's sponsored it.
It's better to light one candle into like a floppy or ass into the table, or like smash your teeth in the end of the table,
trying to answer the phone at 2 in the morning like I did.
Boy, do you know what my lip is still healing up?
Yeah.
I still got a way to go to...
About 30, man.
About 30% to go, yeah, from that collision with my daily dining room table.
WDQA and hello.
The other table.
New.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
First time long time.
All right.
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up with Hurricane Ivan, man?
You have what up with Hurricane Ivan, man?
You scared it out, or you can say it?
I just turned you on, so I don't know what you're concerned.
I've been saying, I cry out of the bed, is what I'm saying.
Just roll up a big fat one, crawl out of the bed, make sure you're in for an astray.
Okay, put it out.
When it's out, put that baby out.
Of course, they pretty much will go out anyway, right?
Yeah, if you don't keep sucking on it.
Speaking of that,
Tan Anderson, let's name the KFC Boycott.
Your favorite.
You can see your favorite, right?
Yeah, she's my favorite, plus...
Big boob?
Dripping.
Yes, big boob.
Yeah.
What has she got some terminal disease?
She's got hepa filthers in her rectum.
And probably for good reason.
Filled right all those diseases, she's...
No, she's equal.
Well, have to.
Actress, Pam Anderson, always game to Ruffle with few feathers in the name of Mistreet is Fowl,
has learned her famous face to a billboard campaign calling for a boycott of the KFC chain of chicken restaurants.
Well, we got a neighbor right there next to our radio station called KFC,
and they'd probably not be too happy with us.
Wouldn't give us any more free food if we did that.
Of course, they never gave us any free food.
And we don't want their food anyway, right?
I do.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Well, what she sends Josh over there for us in KFC, or somebody who's like wandering around the building.
We sometimes do.
He right back.
Get out of here.
You go over there for what?
I send somebody over there for the chicken strips with gravy.
Ooh, that sounds pretty good.
Because I like their gravy.
See, that's the thing I like.
I didn't know they had that.
If I were to know that when I was in Amsterdam last time instead of going to McDonald's
to watch that rat crawl around on the deep prio, I would have gone right...
Because there's a KFC right next door to McDonald's on the dam rack in Amsterdam.
You get the breast strips.
No bones or anything like that.
And you order as one of your sides just to decide a gravy and you dip the chicken into
the gravy.
That sounds like you, yes.
Speaking of breast, the billboards which are created by your favorites.
If she is your second favorite, your very favorite are the people at...
Paida.
Right.
The billboards created by people for the ethical treatment of animals, a bunch of lunatics if
they're ever was such a group, feature a photo of the TV star next to the words,
Voicot KFC, Pamela Anderson.
Underneath are the words, live-scalding, painful, debeaking, crippled chickens and the
address of a website, attack in the fast food chain, KentuckyFriedCruelty.com.
That's almost as good as MacDeath.
She could use a deep beaking.
Yeah.
She could use a de-gousing.
The billboards were going up in...
Or maybe the way she's bitching about this, a de-growzing.
The billboards were going up in L.A. Dallas, Boston, San Francisco, and other cities today,
spokesman for Paida yesterday.
KFC stands for Cruelty, Anderson said in the statement out of statement.
If KFC exactly the three to catch your dogs the way they treat chickens, they could go to prison
on felony cruelty to animals, charges.
A spokeswoman for KFC, which is owned by a Louisville Kentucky-based, young brands incorporated
to the chain, had had enough of attacks by Paida.
Paida's disparaged our brand misrepresented the truth about our responsible industry leading
animal welfare standards, Bonnie Worshaw, said in the statement.
The Paida spokesman said the billboards were Anderson's idea, and accurately described the
Paida chickens that processing plants that supply KFC.
I beg your pardon.
The Paida spokesman said the billboards were Anderson's idea, and accurately described the
Paida...oh, the Paida spokesman asked her, and said,
he can't beat her breasts.
Paida's mouth is drinking up your rotters in the morning.
And, so forth around the front of the house, you may end up in a fight.
Right there, you bastard.
Oh, and I meant to say this is the problem to one hour.
Because I don't know what that one was in the morning.
It was good to hear.
Hey, down in Jamaica, in the catapult, dig out the best herb that you ever served.
That's a good one.
Hasn't anybody in that table of wood?
They tell you this country where the gun's a good good.
Rassalan has some he want to sell, and from a mile away, you can detect a smell of smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The light of this cliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
You may carry lots of herb in the gun, you sack.
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists home here and say,
Got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke, smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The light of this cliff and smoke.
They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
Mama tell us on you are an ostomat.
You like this smoke, the joy is stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
The bitey hurt for you, bitey ounce and it pound.
Rassalan say to her, Mama, you're right.
They can't be good.
You may carry lots of herb in the gun, you sack.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke, smoke.
A rat.
They light up this cliff and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They can't be good.
Abrugar, rap, shaman.
Chromo 20560, WQA, I'm happy Friday too.
I'll take a one good thing that those ass wipes on the TV networks.
We're standing out in the rain and getting blown away and punching over and doing all that hyperventilating.
That was good practice for them, right?
Yeah, they ought to be real good at it.
They ought to be sensational at it this time.
Of course they could borrow some of those anchors from Channel 7 because they're going to need them.
Well, I'll tell you the weather phrase could use an anchor, at least to keep one toe on the ground or be good.
5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and cellular wireless line, cellular line, whatever the hell they are.
And we got no calls on her. Look at that.
Is there anybody QAM? Hello?
No, that one. That one's going to need them.
QAM?
The police.
What is it?
Can I speak to you now, please?
Speaking.
I got some information I generated for you.
I said life.
Okay.
I got about three months ago, person-wide power systems in Boca.
I have a 15,000 kilowatts around the whole house.
I have a, it's about 1900 square feet.
And they've been in business for about 30 years and they're a really, really good company.
Okay.
So there's that one and then the hurricane panels.
I had panels and I saw much that for the word.
So I went ahead and got the, the accordion shutters and that was good.
All right. Now how was we talking about for that generator?
Okay. The generator that will run the whole house, the H.C., the microwave oven, and a microwave.
And a microwave.
Refrigerator, no stove, the hot water heater, and two other rooms living in the master bedroom of my office,
and the master bath about $11,000.
11 grand.
Right.
And well worth it in twice the price.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally.
Thank you.
Good luck to you.
11 grand.
Do you, in fact George is probably going to rush out right after the show.
I want the rest of the day.
11 grand right here.
No problem.
I'm sure that Josh is going to get his two.
Yeah.
He's got the 11 cents for down payment.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Joe Rose was talking about how he also had beef with Peter.
Yeah.
Good job.
He has beef with Peter.
And that cute.
I thought there had to be a little bit more than that.
I guess that was it.
That was it.
Oh, that was enough.
Come on.
Is that enough?
Yes, it was enough for you.
It just left me kind of a little limp.
Joe Rose, of course, are a good close personal friend over there at $790, the ESPN, the ticket, the sports station.
That's, of course, uh, and it's, uh, we better hope that the OMPER comes back on Wednesday,
because if he winds up getting screwed over completely, and Greg Reed is foolish enough to, uh, send him packing on his way with his contract ending in a couple of months,
uh, you can be damn sure you can get Greg's life on it and throw in Maddie Bell too.
That Hank would probably like Waddle right across the street and go with it at $790.
And with Joe Rose and the OMPER on that station, wow, they would have instant credibility.
And it would be not too good for the sports nerd part of QAWAM, because then we have the mad dog left and, uh, what else?
Eddie Kay?
Well, Eddie Kay for the gambling crowd, but I'm talking about, you know, an audience of more than five.
Like at least...
I'm talking about third, man.
I mean, there's nobody listening at night.
Yeah, with all the respect that Eddie Kay was a great guy and I loved him in dearly, but, uh, a fact of the matter is, he's not, uh, well, I think, I don't want to say it.
You know what I'm talking about?
Nope.
Line 9, WDQA and Hello.
I know.
Yes, sir.
Um, just calling to let you know there's an article out on a Rolling Stone magazine.
I would, I would fax it to you, but it's pretty long.
Okay.
And it goes over, uh, Dick Cheney's record and everything.
I, I can get it on their website.
Yeah.
And it's, uh, the thing that he's talking about, it's, it'll be good for bedtime stories.
It just, everything, everything pretty much he does is, uh, when he touches pretty much turns to Schmidt and, um, it goes over his deferments.
Like one of the good things, one of the things that points out is, like, one of his deferments that he took, took place exactly nine months and two days after the fact that they said that, um, people who were married couldn't get out of Vietnam, they have to have children.
Right.
And then nine months and two days after that, that's what happens.
Yeah, they must have been screwing their brains.
So anyway, I hope you don't get blown away while you're in Toronto, aren't you?
Yeah.
Okay. Well, something beautiful here, man.
That's right. That was George.
Good luck to you, A.
Okay. John, I should have picked the door.
Hang on tight.
Good old Dick Cheney, man.
Anybody ever looked up to a name? He's the one.
New ABC pool. I don't like this.
But then again, like that one fax it, there's a pool to prove whatever you want.
Now, for example, our pool on our website today is just, uh, all over the place.
Regardless of your choice, right now, who do you think is going to win that presidential election coming November two,
which is now only seven and a half weeks away?
Bush 111, carry 103.
Don't know 24. Don't give a Schmidt 12 out of 250 votes.
I voted, I think Bush is going to win.
Don't want him to win.
And that's the understatement of my lifetime.
But I just, uh, I don't see it.
I mean, a carry campaign.
Yeah, he's butching up a little bit.
And he grew like one small teeny tiny ball bearing in the last couple of weeks since they started jumping on his ass.
Since he gave that stupid answer about, oh, yeah, I'd hope for that resolution to get anyway.
Even though I know that it was all based on lies.
See, this is what gets me. This is what I do not understand.
I know there's a lot of stupid people out there.
It's not just the fact that a thousand Americans have died over there and this phony war in Iraq.
But the fact that it's a phony war.
Why aren't they hammering on that all these kids with, and of course, carry took himself out of the ballgame with that statement, you know?
Yeah.
All the rest, everybody to the left of Tula Bahan was saying, oh, brother.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, when he boarded that crap out, he's weak.
Let's face it.
I mean, you can try everything you want.
It's wishful thinking in our park because it's like anybody but bush.
But he is weak.
Week.
Lame.
See.
I mean, his whole career has been marked by like against a weld in the Massachusetts.
He pulled it out.
He was behind a whole time.
He pulled it off the ass end of the campaign.
But his whole and the same in Iowa, they primaries, where they held the camp from.
Nobody thought he was going to win.
And he buried the Howard Dean.
So maybe he's going to do it again.
Maybe he just want to shoot his good stuff.
See, it can't send it.
No, he can't.
The good stuff until right at the ass end.
The last four or five weeks, and then he's going to kick his ass in the debates.
And then he's going to like really, and then it's, but what are they waiting for?
Didn't I tell you the Democratic Convention?
That was the time to really come out blasting.
It all burles.
But no.
Man, we have to like win far away along.
I mean, even during a year when Al Gore finally put stuff and started screaming in the L.A.
Al Derazez, drags a good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture prison.
Abu Gharrab.
Yeah, that's what he was talking about.
Anyway, according to a new ABC News Washington Post poll registered voters by a 27-point margin.
Say Bush has taken a clearer step than carry on the issues by 27 points called Bush the stronger leader.
And by 19 points, he would make the country safer.
Well, once you get a start, get him out of doing that.
Bush also has a 22-point advantage in trust to handle terrorism.
A 16-point lead on a rack and press is slighted even on the lukewarm economy.
Now, how the hell is that possible?
These and other ratings have either reversed or eroded curious position after the Democratic Convention carry out a 6-point lead is more honest.
Now, it's Bush up 13.
Carry had a 13-point lead on visions for the future.
Now, it's Bush 9-points ahead.
Carry had a 14-point lead on understanding people's problems, rather essentially tied Bush 1-point ahead.
I mean, you talk about even between Charlie, Francis, and Ivan haven't blown this much.
Moving these underlying views is enabled Bush to break out of the virtual debt heat that's defined the contest.
Among likely voters in this ABC news, Washington Post Survey, Bush has 52% carry 43% and the anxious Ralph Nader 2%
its Bush's first lead beyond the margins of sampling error in any ABC post-Police and carries season's party's nomination in March.
Among all registered voters, not just likely voters, the race is 50% for Bush, 44% for Carry, and 2% for the obnoxious disgusting ecosystem.
The statistical pompous ass, ass-white Ralph Nader.
But it says the contest is far from over.
This poll follows Bush's convention and we can achieve health center stage and public attention.
And this convention bounds in significant plus five points among registered voters as an enemy-quant on par with Carry's plus 8 and below the average of 14 and polls in 68 for incumbent presidents.
One difference is that Carry left his convention in debt heat among likely voters while Bush leads his with the lead.
But more important than the horse race at this stage are the attitudes that inform it, that should say that form it.
63% of Bush's supporters now say they're very enthusiastic about him.
A new high for Bush's important measure of motivation.
Carry's support after dropping in advance of the Republican convention is flat at 39% very enthusiastic like, wow is he great? Wow!
Man, oh man, Fred Gwynne lever looks so good.
And while 84% of Bush's supporters are affirmatively for him, that's true, just 41% of Carry's supporters.
Probably worse for Carry, his favorable rating has gone negative.
Meaning that more registered voters now express it unfavorable than a favorable opinion of him, 42 to 36%.
Carry's favorable rating, the most basic measure of a public figures popularity dropped by 15 points since his convention.
See the storm proopers from the Swift storm proopers veterans, that crappy thing that Carry worked like a charm had tremendous impact.
Now we'll see if the Ben Barnes business on 60 minutes, and of course now they're questioning the veracity of the documents.
I mean, just make up a lot of crap as they go along.
CBS says they stand by the story.
There's no one in question or end up take their crap and throw it out.
This is what they're saying.
But we'll see if that has the same impact.
And if they're able to use it with the same effectiveness that the right way Mr. Carl robed it with the other crap.
No.
As if of course this whole thing is a referendum on Vietnam.
Anybody out there remember Vietnam?
No!
Not until the morning's in midday, and it's more so around the clock than five o'clock.
See you in the morning.
All right.
She's worried lately and out.
Looks like it's quite the roadside.
Now's from the body roll ball.
Barbara Bush has bought it down, and I will summarize not now.
It has been when she realized.
She raised more criminal clothes.
Now's Barbara Bush has bought it down tonight.
Then she kissed me, holding crap in.
And she raised more clothes.
And that's it.
She could throw shit.
And she's got bricks on her body.
What does that say?
What's no point?
What's like she's carrying a hole in hole between us, thighs and thighs.
Money fell tonight.
She's asking me to score.
And then she always just flies.
She's with me when she's lost.
Barbara Bush has bought it down tonight.
We gave a short punch and jet punch.
Now's the time to choose me.
We'll keep it flush till we mention that.
And smells just like the magic sauce.
I'm a big nut.
Barbara Bush, we've got those on his phone.
I'm on a fair day with money fell tonight.
Probably seen it five 60 WM.
I bet you've got guilty on sometimes.
I'm not going to think about all the dolphin pregame coverage.
Isn't that his counter-retion?
We can only hope.
Although, I guess it is because the schedule tomorrow, I've speaking of the dolphins.
The schedule tomorrow has got like, what we got the...
Look at that.
That thing has been changed again so many times.
That's because all these games are getting all switched around.
Dolphin, count down to kick off, nine o'clock and a more.
And then they gain the tens of dolphins at one o'clock.
Like I said before, the game will be on TV.
And Jim Surney wants you to know that CBS will keep tomorrow's risk.
The schedule will tighten the dolphin game and show it to the South Florida and Tennessee markets at 1 p.m.
On Sunday, we'll schedule to go to 24% of the country, but not tomorrow.
And who the hell outside of Florida in the country wants to see the dolphins anyway, right?
It's going to be pretty bad.
Well, maybe they'll surprise us.
What do you think?
No.
Surprise you.
WFOR channel...
Now, wait until you hear this.
Channel 4 and WPEC channel 4 of Unpumbed Beach will air the US Open Men's Semifinals new into one tomorrow.
Go to the football game and then return to the conclusion of the men's matches.
WBFS channel 33 and channel 34 TVX will both carry the US Open Men's Semifinals with no interruption.
Of course, this could change Miss Surney.
Says, if wall-to-wall coverage of Hurricane Ivan is needed.
In that case, channel 4 would carry the news coverage and channel 33 would pick up the dolphins game.
If wall-to-wall coverage...
Now, how is that possible?
Huh?
How can they be doing wall-to-wall coverage when the thing is still days away?
That would really...
How do you guarantee your frost a lot of people's ass if they pulled some kind of stump like that?
Not that they want to exploit you, understand or get people hyperventilating horse.
Don't you think I'd read the 11 a.m. advisory again for people that might be accruing and tuning in?
I think you should.
And as far as the Portland City on CNN during one of the breaks, I guess, said maybe about 20 minutes ago, maybe it was more like...
About 30 minutes?
Showed the F5 models that they're looking at right now, five different ones.
Right? There's probably a lot more than that.
But she showed five of the models, only one of them.
And even that one curved up and they set it to the eye of the hurricane.
She just wasted an overlay called Cotobri.
Now, let's still leave you guys some pretty heavy duty crap.
But the other four didn't look all that bad.
See, I probably shouldn't say that.
Because I don't want to say anything that's going to influence people not to do because this one is really nasty.
Here's the thing about what you might say or the weather people might say.
Everybody's looking at the same map.
All the people down here looking at the same map.
So everyone has to make up their own mind what they want to do.
Oh, yeah.
You say what a kid or you are.
Everyone has to make up their own mind.
Really?
Really?
Anybody else for doing something, not doing anything, etc. and so on?
Well, my advice is get ready.
Yeah.
Do your stuff today and tomorrow, especially today.
Because as it gets over the weekend, more and more frantic, crazy people are going to be running around out there.
Doing all kinds of irrational things, buying up air-be bottle of water that they can find in every store,
shopping up at all for themselves.
Because people just tend to be that way, very, very selfish, especially in Florida.
No.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's the 11 a.m. advisory on Hurricane Ivan.
Hurricane warning remains an effect for Jamaica and the Cayman Islands.
Hurricane watching a tropical storm warning remain an effect for the entire southwest peninsula of Haiti,
from the border of the Dominican Republic westward, including Port Operance.
At 11 o'clock this morning, the government of Cuba issued a hurricane watch for the entire island
and a tropical storm warning for the south coast of eastern Cuba from Kabul crews to the South-Eveau de Cuba.
At 11 a.m., all warnings and watches have been discontinued for La Republic of Mignicana.
Interest in the Saggest Lights, Sanat, so much.
Interest in the Central and Western Caribbean Sea should closely monitor the progress of dangerous Hurricane Ivan.
At 11 o'clock this morning, the eye of Hurricane Ivan was located near latitude 16.5 north,
longitude 75.1 west or, about 155 miles southeast of Kingston, Jamaica, on.
Ivan is moving toward the west northwest near 12 miles an hour this morning,
expected to bring him to the core of Ivan to near Jamaica tonight or early tomorrow.
And then she said on that last report that maybe even tomorrow afternoon, because it slowed down.
Right.
Maximum, of course that gives him more time, but they seem to be oblivious because they're all stone off their ass.
I don't know what the deal is.
Maximum sustained winds in nearly 145 miles an hour with higher gusts.
Stronger winds especially in gusts are likely over elevated terrain.
Some fluctuations in intensity likely during the next 24 hours.
Hurricane Force, Winston outward up to 60 miles from the center.
And Tropical Storm Force, Winston outward up to 175 miles.
Estimated minimum, central pressure is 934 millibars, no change from the ADM.
Advisely.
So that's the deal.
There'll be an intermediate advisory of two.
And then the next big one, the full package, as they say, that big package will be at 5 p.m.,
which will give you the newest advisory of the coordinates.
And then they'll also give you the new tracking map.
I think that one's going to be, well, maybe not that one.
Maybe the one either at 11 o'clock tonight or the one at 5 in the morning.
I said my alarm get up at 5 in the morning to decide if I want to panic or kill myself stuff like that.
What you think?
I think it won't on Sunday night ought to be real accurate.
Yeah, right.
That's what you know.
Just sit around till Sunday night and I'll take a peek at that thing.
We do have links on there.
We got the current.
We are Eric keeps changing it.
Thank you, Eric.
You're the best baby sometime.
He's got the current tracking map on there from the Hurricane Center.
And also links to the National Hurricane website and the Naval Research Lab website.
I still didn't find, I went under during a break and I don't have a lot of time to screw around with this.
Because on the short, with these new deal we got, now I feel like I have to accelerate my pace here.
I used to be motor mouth.
Now I might be motor mouth.
I'm not, I'm not like that because you just, you know, you try to squeeze it all in there, so to speak.
Just relax.
If you say it twice, you have to say half as much.
That's true.
If you're really slow way down, it's kind of like we're doing just a few minutes every day.
30 minutes.
New Greg Reed schedule that we've got, although maybe next week, finally, you know, I keep asking that musical question.
Will this place ever have one toe come down to the ground and fix the earth, huh?
I mean, we are just so, you think the hurricanes have got stuff blowing around and scattering all over the place.
WQM and our whole presentation of the public is just, I don't even know what word to use, just spastic.
Spastic.
In fact, maybe that could be our motto, spastic be us.
I don't know what else to say, other than we're embarrassed and humiliated and we'll still take the money.
By the way, Clarence, if you're out there today, it's payday.
I sure hope that check is in my mailbox.
30 nations pick Carrie, Corrie and Pull.
Now here's a poll.
It's unlike the Washington Post, ABC News and several other polls, time, Newsweek, etc.
The rest of the world's too bad they can't vote, don't you think?
I think with the power of the US President has over the lives and the fate of the entire world,
I think the entire world should be able to vote in that election.
There you go.
This is long to be done with a die-bold count to votes because then we're making a difference anyway.
The rest of the world is spoken.
It's John Kerry in a landslide.
How do you like that?
All right.
A poll of 34,300 adults in 35 countries released yesterday.
I think I'm going to save this for after the break because I don't want to like gloss over it.
No, because they actually have the stats for the various countries.
So give you a pretty idea.
Just like your Japanese exchange student that you got in your house.
What was it she asked you about the bush?
Oh, why he's so popular.
Because no one else can understand it.
She probably heard him saying Abu Gharrib.
Yeah, once and then start like questioning it.
What the hell is this?
Exclusive.
Unpriced city.
Yeah.
And this is gift of forest happy to be back in the Malodias.
Come, you'll buy a manly joke worship.
But mainly I'm honored to be sitting here alongside a legend in sport holia.
After an extended absence induced by big wanton from the last of the Mohicans.
Well, long as there's anything you'd like to add to my monolithic old dysentery.
I just want to.
And what's that my bold and ageing friend?
Who are you?
That question my vainie knows, Neibob has been asked to me many times in public
to relic it to track it in the back alleys of life.
What's that noise?
That my clostomized gems, the ankle bracelet I must carry for life as punishment for my sins against the Indian nation.
Don't let a body, if it be from time to time, keeps me on my toes.
But when I think negative thoughts, it sends deadly currents, writing through my body.
What's the big idea?
You've been away too long, cow.
That a tiny burden for it might as well as I can't get raped anymore.
Take it easy, Bubba.
I'm only changing my bracelet battery.
Now see here, you stink and I don't like you.
Fight down, talk shit, don't want to run.
I'm trying to use all the powers I'm building me to get you fired.
You know what? Stop it, you frightened me.
Oh, that's the fervent little man in the mountains.
That's the noise, that's the noise.
Moe is fried.
12.32 at 5.60.
We got that double header coming up Marlon on deck.
145 only a little over an hour away.
Oh, man, that's bad.
Bad?
Nope.
Almost done.
I didn't hour anyway.
Hour and 12.5 minutes by my extravagations.
I gotta go stand in some line somewhere.
For what?
I don't know.
A lot of lines for him and I better get a standable out of stuff left over from my last weekend.
No.
Yes, I do.
I ate lots of work.
Can peaches?
Oh, I hope you got a lot of good Jamaican crowd.
That's where you said you were doing Mexican.
Yeah, peaches, that's herb.
Here's a little bit of good news.
I don't like everybody all depressed, especially when Hurricane coming.
A little chuckle.
A little bit of good news.
Now, how I spoke to overturn new Bush administration rules on which workers qualify for overtime.
They was hailed by Democrats trying to convince undecided voters that they're the party that better protect workers' rights.
In a sharp, rebuked president Bush to W.
The House voted 223 to 193 years.
They just stopped the Labor Department from carrying out the new rules.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi called it a rare victory for middle class Americans, especially with these wealthy fascists in power is what I think she meant.
President Bush's overtime regulations will affect six million workers with some losing 25% of their incomes.
She be saying.
So nice going, boys.
They finally pushed up a little bit on behalf of some of you mainstream folks out there as opposed to the president's right wing snobs.
Now, here's the fact that I think this guy's got a stomach on it.
It says, carries campaign is blowing it.
They're allowing Karl Rolf to dictate the issues and they're falling right into the trap.
If pictures are released of GW Zapping the prisoners himself at Abu Gharr, it wouldn't matter to Bush supporters.
I travel in mostly right wing circles and there are several reasons right wingers will blindly support Bush.
Although they although they won't admit it publicly, the support that were in Iraq based on these someone's got a paper 9-11 theory.
We need to kick ass.
Regardless, it's making the world hit us more.
Of course, tomorrow we should mention is 9-11, the fourth anniversary of same third.
Then it says there is a cross-section of middle America that wants more guns, more Jesus and more tax cuts.
More of your money.
It's extremely frightening and the election is getting away from us as this faxist, whose little apple plucking at this point.
Don't stock up on apples for the hurricane, by the way.
No.
Because you're not supposed to flush your toilet unless you absolutely have to.
Here's that poll again, nation and worldwide.
A poll of 34,000 plus adults in 35 countries released yesterday confirmed the global unpopularity of George W. Bushley,
who responded to the only three of the countries they even say they would prefer to see him reelected to a second term November 2nd.
In 30 countries, including Canada, Carrie was the runaway choice and in two other countries the verdict was split according to a study for the program on international policy attitudes,
PIPA, at the University of Marylanders, that people globally, one in five told the polls,
that they preferred Bush be given a second term by American voters who so far seem inclined to do just that because there are a lot of really stupid, stupid, stupid people out there.
Canadians who were pulled, chose Carrie over, Bush 61 to 16%.
And 71% of Canadians said Bush foreign policy made them feel worse about their southern neighbor, 14% said it made them feel better.
I'm going to read that paragraph again, which I like that.
Canadians who were pulled, chose Carrie over, Bush 61 to 16%, and 71% of Canadians said Bush foreign policy made them feel worse about their southern neighbor, 14% said it made them feel better.
Antibody feeding ran highest in Norway and Germany, both 74% in favor of Carrie, France, 64% for Carrie, and Nita Lons, Amstadom, 61% for Carrie in the Netherlands.
The poll also questioned voters in 12 nations, which have contributed troops to the war in Iraq, and found Carrie the choice of respondents in 10 of those 12 countries.
Those numbers showed a precarious situation for those governments, who have sent troops to Iraq since Stephen Calderec, of PIPA, Peter Piper.
Perhaps most opening for Americans is the strength of the view that US foreign policies on the wrong track, even in the country's contributing troops in Iraq since the Grobesgan director Doug Miller.
Only the Philippines, Nigeria, and Poland, well, that figures, they've always got it backwards. Only those three countries back, Bush, while India and Thailand were split, about third of a respondent said it would make no difference who one or had no opinion.
Arab countries were not pulled.
I can't imagine why.
Can you?
No, that'd be interesting to see who would they would pick, since they got those T-shirts.
They should have just pulled the Saudi world family, I think I know their answer.
The findings brought to mind the Massachusetts senators claimed earlier in the campaign that he had spoken international leaders who wanted him to replace Bush, a statement which earned his campaign when we refused to name names.
The Bush campaign mocked him in an internet ad where they likened him to the movie character Austin Powers and called him the Democrats International Man of Mystery.
The poll was released as Carrie tried to get his campaign back on track, and on the Iraq question telling an audience incident that Bush made a catastrophic choice in going to war.
Of course he is.
Absolutely.
We should have left the country.
Crank it up a couple of notches now, John.
Okay?
Quit doing a Fred Gwyn thing and crank it up a couple of notches.
It's getting pretty damn close.
5.670560.
Count 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
See, my fantasy, my best fantasy is that we have a little bit of panic there, and they move the Marlins and the Mothri El games on Monday and Tuesday to Chicago.
For like double headed starting it about, oh noona, which is a good time.
Oh, it's 11 o'clock.
Well, 1 o'clock would be good.
1230.
1130.
And then after they've decided they're going to play there, the hurricane like Wander's way off, beers off into the left and slips into that area there where that she was talking about.
A flow pressure where there's that, and of course there's a lot of dry air in that side, but that's not going to do us any good, right?
Rats on the wrong side of the dryer.
Unlike Francis where the dryer was on the right alongside of us.
WMQA, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think you're doing a hell of a job on covering this hurricane I've been over the radio.
You know what I ought to do is put you out in the street there when the hurricane actually hits and out, if I'm TV station, I think you do a dynamite job.
Yeah, that's just what I want to be is out there in the street that I get blown away all over the place, yeah.
Oh, that's what this guy wants me to get like hit by lightning or anything like that, but it's certainly a possibility in the front of his mind.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the Verizon wireless and singular wireless lines.
Every time I want to stick a few calls in here, just so the orange feels like they're important in a part of the show even though they well.
They're not much going on. Well, that's because they're busy. We understand that just like we're busy, you know, trying to like get everybody prepared and whipped up not too highly or historically, but just, you know, a little bit.
Get on the case. Go on by a couple of cases would be good. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. With Neil speaking speaking. Yes. Now got now got now got OK, good.
WQM. Hello. You're a bitch. OK, thank you. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You're the only guy like a bus. Shania's his first name. Yeah, me. OK, great. WQM. Hello.
Q.A.M. Not job line. Yeah, Neil. This is a miss. Come on. Yeah. OK, Reverend Jones. Oh, too bad. Well, I mean, one good thing if they were able to have a direct hit in him and his boyfriend. Just a little just a little lightning struck would be good.
Even Lucrissy be smiling on that. See, maybe there's a reason that these people aren't calling. Maybe only the defective. These are the only ones who are like like, like, well, everybody else. The sensible people are out there doing things getting prepared.
Getting their lives back in order to try to do something constructive with their lives as opposed to these losers, these slime balls, these ass wipes of society, which of course is the heart and soul of the show.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Yes, listen to the Powerpoint 560. Q.A.M.
I'm the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. He did more things with his mouth and Courtney love could have a dream of doing.
He was Bobby McFarrick. I'm all the worried.
Be happy. No, not that song. I have to interview that guy.
According to information posted by DH1 on their website, Bobby McFarrick creates music by, quote, beating noises out of his entire body while emitting a constant accompaniment of guttural noises, clicks, and popping sounds.
Unfortunately, this also describes a huge percentage of crazy people who like McFarrick live in New York City.
Excuse me. I'm from inside behind. Are you Bobby McFarrick?
Excuse me, sir. Are you Bobby McFarrick? No worry. Be happy.
Wait, I think it's Bobby McFarrick. No worry. Be happy.
We can store somebody who boosters an alien and try and carry us, Jeff K. Sprayin' in his pants.
Oh man, we were so close. Don't worry. Be happy.
Unable to locate Bobby McFarrick. We were forced to contemplate his rather annoying little song.
It's a crock of you know what. Jack Forrest is a Des Moines resident who, at the peak of the song's popularity in 1988, fell into a threshing machine.
People would come up to me in my wheelchair, my heads in a brace, I'm in a full body cast. I haven't yet regained the power of speech, and they're singing that freaking horrible song to me.
Don't worry. Be happy.
Huh. Bleep you Bobby McFarrick.
I said bleep, because I figured you wouldn't let me say f***. Am I right?
Bobby McFarrick. Bad music is not a victimless crime.
It's a big juicy, soft and wet look at your business. Tonight, on inside of behind.
From 46, 14 to 15, 60, we got 400 votes on the poll. Any too bad, right? Considering how long we've been out about five minutes.
About 30, man.
400 votes regardless of your choice right now if the election was being held today. Who do you think would win?
Bush 182, carry 153. Don't know 46. Don't give a shmit only 17 out of 400 votes.
This should be a good lesson to something you want there, although of course, you know, you can pass the information along, but when dealing with really,
kind of people, sometimes it helps and sometimes it don't.
Especially some of the people we heard from in the last segment, right?
In their case, we hope that it don't. A 30-year-old man, and his girlfriend was critically injured from an apparent carbon dioxide poisoning from a portable generator police said.
David Paladino of Keen Terrace, Florida, and his 20-year-old girlfriend, who wasn't identified,
were found Wednesday in the office of his uncle's construction company. A boxer mixed dog also died.
A generator was found in the next room switched on, and with an empty gas tank, it was connected to a window air conditioning unit.
The death has been attributed to Hurricane Francis, which knocked out power to his home, raising the death toll from the storm to release 17.
There was obvious sign of carbon dioxide poisoning said the bastion police detected Dana Costa.
Paladino's uncle Joseph Paladino and a co-worker discovered the couple. He didn't know his nephew was inside, although David Paladino had permission to use the facility.
After Hurricane Charlie, three people died more than 100 were treated for carbon dioxide poisoning because of improper generator use.
Generators need to be placed in a completely ventilated area. Got that? Yeah, or outside the house? Right.
Carbon dioxide is a carolous odorless gas, which is the number one cause of poisoning in the U.S. each year.
When you say outside the house, I asked you this question yesterday when you get ready to run around shopping for generators, which you didn't buy either to die.
But how do you put it outside the house, like on the back porch? Right.
But even on the back porch, if you have a bad storm, it's still going to be rain coming inside. Right. You're not running it during the storm.
You're not running it during the storm? You ought not to be. Well, then how would that be of any help, for example, like with the Francis, which slowed down and like never seemed to be ever going anywhere? What we used to have been?
I had no power for three days. Some people still don't. You see, it's not storming now. That's what you use generators for.
What about the people that want to watch TV and watch them go online on a computer and you can play the dating game or whatever? Yeah, I want to watch all those things too, but you shouldn't be doing it during the storm unless you've got a special generator shed.
A generator shed. There's an idea. I do have a shed. I could use that. But how do you ventilate a generator shed? The bottom line is you're not using it while you're storming.
Okay. And do not use it inside. It's like the people are bringing their barbecues and they grill up the storm and they're, huh?
They're saying that a news don't barbecue inside. Like definitely if you want to enjoy the last supper, that's really going to be an idea how to prepare it. Bring that barbecue indoors and get that charcoal going and just inhale all the fumes and put up in.
You'll be gone. I know time. I don't have no one worried about. Wording people about that. But apparently according to the fire marshal guy, every hurricane season, several fires are started by people barbecuing indoors.
Well, that sounds like those pounds that blow off all in fireworks during a fourth of July and every other time, like a highly in sweet water. And in my hood, yeah, in fact during the hurricane, we had pounds.
I guess they were bored. They were trapped inside the house. They were like popping off fireworks. Got to do something. Sure.
Miami. Have you heard? Said how you do? Miami State Commission chairman Arthur T. O. Jr. told undercover detectives who were following his wife that they'd better be prepared to start shooting.
If they ever followed her again, according to an audio tape of the August 24th incident, water credits for our community. Good old art. T. O. Jr. No relation to Joe Mars Jr.
The tape is emerged as an important piece of evidence and in the salt case filed against T last month after allegedly threatened, they'd policed to take to mark board.
According to an affidavit, T. O. was under surveillance at the time as part of a corruption investigation.
Boyd and another officer, both in unmarked cars, followed T. O. and his wife after they left the waterfront on the condo with separate cars.
After stopping another apartment in district, he is wifing in separate directions.
T. O. who's attorney said he thought his wife was being stalked. Chased one of the officers until he was pulled over by the police after being pulled over. He called Miami Police on the cell phone because he never hung up his confrontation with county police was recorded by Miami police dispatchers.
The state attorney's office released a tape as public record the other day. Accordingly, according to the effort, T. O. Trump from his car yelling angrily at after the officers identified themselves as police, T. O. told them, let me tell you something I am armed.
The next time anybody follows my wife, they may better be prepared to start shooting.
Heels attorney David Garvin has denied the allegations. He said Wednesday that the tape does not clearly record T. O. saying that he's armed and the tape is incomplete and garbled.
Yeah, they're putting the plane to get on the news every five minutes.
I know that in the end, just like that video tape in the Russia, that school. And why are they playing it because they got it and because they want to exploit it?
I know that in the end, you'll see the commissioner T. O. is not done anything wrong, Garvin said. And what happened here, any concerned citizen for the welfare of his wife, would have done the same thing.
Accordingly, according to the recording, the police officers thought they'd been threatened but T. O. denied it. Detective, Mr. T. O. listen to me, don't make threats like that.
T. O. I'm not making a threat. I'm simply saying that the next time this officer or whoever follows my wife and doesn't show me a badge, I don't know if he's a cop or not.
At the end of the tape, T. O. warns them again. Next time I see someone following my wife, I will park and I will come out shooting.
Well, I think it's kind of ambiguous, don't you?
Yeah.
I think you got a clear, if I look more than that.
Next time I see someone following my wife, I will park and I will come out shooting.
He didn't say shooting what, though.
All right, shooting blanks.
Shooting blanks.
Shooting his mouth off.
1252 at 560 W. I don't think, am I, am I taking another call or two between now and 145?
We got another one of these butchered upshows, but it's a good cause, man.
Marlins and the Cubs, these are the two biggest games of the year today.
I know one in the right mind would dispute that. Would they judge?
No, they would not.
These are the two, in fact, this is the biggest series of the seasons so far and from here on in every game is like life and death.
Before you go in, yes.
Getting a series of the same facts that people think is funny.
This one from Unif Source Supply says, check this out. It's a little funny.
It's a multi-page facts. It is not funny. It's about the hurricane and it's not funny, but they keep sending it.
Oh yeah, there's so much really funny stuff about the hurricane, you know.
See, that's one thing about Jackass. It makes no difference what else is going on around them.
Whether it's WDW3, whether it's the end of the world, whatever it might be, when you're dealing with a Jackass,
in fact there's a really great thing that the Chinese have. You know what it is?
A Jackass is a Jackass.
I see.
Yeah.
See if it was funny.
Or we could like switch that around a little bit.
Once a Jackass, always a Jackass.
What is it?
If it was funny, maybe it would justify the fact that so many people are wasting 10 pages at a time by sending it.
But it's not.
I bet to the tree hockers are going to be pretty pissed off about that.
How many trees do we have to drop down to make that paper that they're facts?
I'm 30 minutes.
Oh, it's speaking of that.
Like I told you, I've been getting the last month or two here a spate of ad faxes.
Yeah.
See, it's not bad enough that they do it on their phone, which I haven't had almost done with that here in Toronto.
But now, the deal here that I was on your fax machine, and they put all the numbers near a computer,
and they automatically keep just pouring out just reams of crap about buying office supplies.
And are you moving?
And your hemorrhoids pop in and out of this other crap.
And if you don't want these faxes anymore, there's a number to call.
And you get automated recording.
And then you've got like about 10 different numbers that I had to call.
And then the automated things are, OK, thank you.
And within seven days these faxes will stop within a week.
Within a week.
I'm sure that just puts your number on another listing that gets you more faxes.
Yeah, and then of course that's got another number for you to call.
So, oh, cut the crap.
I ought to take Lionino because they might have something really worthwhile, don't you think?
Yeah, sure.
WDQA and Hello.
Yeah, who wants to go?
Yeah, OK.
That's him.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey, Long, it's not the deal.
My down.
How are you?
How are you?
Pretty good.
How are you?
Man, you touched on a subject that just got me flaming.
Yeah, flaming.
That was a flaming.
Osteena.
Those stocks have come to my house that 12 o'clock in the morning, my phone rings.
And you know, in the phone rings that 12, 12 o'clock in the morning, you think that's a death call, right?
Mm-hmm.
Somebody died.
Right.
But it's the freaking fax machine going off.
And it's some advertisement from some 1,800 number.
And let me tell you something.
I just pull my hair out and then I'll have any hair left.
And you know what?
It's just like everything else.
Once they figure out how to get around the system to do some other form of advertising,
and they start doing that.
They just won't stop.
And this business has been fading into assaulting you in your home with a bunch of unsolicited ads and crap.
This has got to be illegal.
I mean, what is this crap on the stock?
Well, if you look on the bottom of the stock, it says, you know, call this number.
You want to take it off the list.
Right.
But if they just send your number to another list.
Right.
I got stock reports.
I got cost-becoming, I got building and additional.
I mean, you name it.
I did it at my house.
And it's like, what's your name gets on the list?
That's it.
You've done.
Yeah.
But what do you guys do?
You can't turn your phones off, you know?
And then if you turn your fax machine off, it stores the faxes.
Oh, and then all of a sudden, when you turn it on, it's such real...
Real estate.
You waste like half a rim of paper every time you turn the damn thing on.
Oh, it's pretty good.
Very regular.
All right.
I said, that's how we ought to find out who these bastards are that are behind all this.
That's the...
Let's shoot them off.
I'm with you, man.
Welcome back to sunny South Florida.
Good luck to you, Pali.
Have fun.
See you.
Welcome back to sunny South Florida.
Well, I'm looking out the window as sunny as beautiful, you know?
Yes.
Anyway, here's that mapping.
And look on neo-roggers.com and you'll see Eric's doing a spectacular job.
And then at 5 o'clock, there'll be anyone come out and I'm positive that he'll be changing it.
And between running around, I've got up a lot of food to store for the next week.
And I hate to break the news to you, Eric, but it looks like you're...
Well, you're toasted.
Huh?
No, I'm just telling you.
I mean, all the pins at which one of these comes through, these four...
It doesn't look like a cone anymore.
An ice cream cone looks more like a light bulb.
Maybe he'll only be lightly toasted.
That might be.
But it looks like a light bulb and it can be going...
Where way to the west, like I said, south of Mississippi, Alabama, or way off there,
these to the Bahamas is if they needed a game.
And... but if it takes the track that it's on right now and it hits on sure in Tampa...
Yeah, and he'd be right on the eastern side there in Orlando for Eric.
So, how are you, Eric?
I'd like to head for the hills.
Josh can probably take care of all the stuff on our website anyway over the weekend, right?
Like I said, you know what, this means a meal, right?
You're watching all the Ferris wheel, it's 560, QAM.
It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon!
What is Max Headroom Maple?
And Billy Wagner.
They raise the terror level high and now I'm afraid I'm going to die.
I'm worried.
Not happy.
Florida, people are preparing for the potential hit from this hurricane because of the uncertain nature.
Of course, the boats up in Tampa went through the preparation process for Hurricane Charlie less than a month ago.
Now they're preparing one more time for the possibility of a strike from a hurricane.
So, everybody in Florida, from the east coast to the west coast, keeping a very close eye on the potential for Hurricane Ivan to make landfall somewhere in Florida possibly in the next couple of years.
Next three days or so.
Frederica?
We say, how can I have the chance?
And I think I just need my fans.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy.
I'm worried, not happy now.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm worried.
I'm worried.
I'm happy.
I'm worried, not happy.
I like the stores and clothes and drapes.
I bought a hundred rolls of duct tape.
I'm worried.
And not happy.
If they'd change it from orange to red, I'll go and hide under my bed.
I'm worried.
Oh, my, my, my, my.
I'm not happy.
Look at me.
I'm not happy.
What are you all up to?
Talking about that yesterday.
The model really has re-a-whole lot on the store making it track through Jamaica and then on the Cuba and then after that they really start to play out.
And there's all kinds of opinions.
15 different models have 15 different opinions of where the storm is going to go.
I'll show you that in a second.
But first of all, let me show you this.
Here's where Ivan is right now.
155 miles southeast of Kingston moving to the west northwest at 12 miles an hour.
This speed has been slowing since yesterday.
Not that much.
It was up to 15 miles an hour yesterday.
Now it's slowed just a bit.
And that's also in the forecast.
145 mile an hour winds at category four.
Certainly there's some category five gusts in this as well.
Hurricane Warnings obviously in effect now for Jamaica for the Cayman Islands.
Hurricane Watch is in effect for both coasts of Cuba and continuing southward through Haiti.
You've got Hurricane conditions there that could be expected within 36 hours.
Here's the track now that we're looking at.
Boy, it's really moving down a lot.
Look where it is.
2 a.m. Monday or 8 a.m. Monday rather right across the northern coast of Cuba.
The southern straits of Florida.
That is about a 24 hour slow up from what we've seen previously.
There is some good news here.
As the storm moves across Cuba, it's expected to interact with land.
Probably slowing its wind speed down a bit.
So we're looking at category four through Jamaica and the Cayman Islands.
And then down to category three as it moves into the straits of Florida.
Take a look at some of the players though in the potential track forecast.
First of all, this is the driver of a Muta high pressure system sitting out over the Atlantic pushing the storm to the west.
Sitting in the passenger side though is this.
The front that's coming across the eastern United States.
Those will generally create a little bit of a weakness.
And sometimes the storms will go right up into that weakness.
Now, the question is since the storm has slowed so much,
is this trough going to be in this position later on in the forecast?
And take a look at some of the model output everywhere from the Florida panhandle out to Lake Okeechobee and the Bahamas.
So there's a big spread after the impact with Cuba.
Anybody across the southeast and coast of the United States needs to be prepared that this storm can head in their direction.
Kind of probably should change the name to Hurricane Square, if there's a big spread.
Four minutes after one, five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the horizon and singular wireless line at pole.
We had 452 votes. Pretty good response on here considering most of you ought to be doing something important right now.
That's right, like panicking.
See, that's the good thing.
And notice how she doesn't get hysterical in panicky or in salience here.
And very matter of fact, she gives you the info. She lays it out. She tells you auto-like pay attention.
She doesn't get to try moving it around with her hand and bringing it back alive and shifting it over here.
And then Miss Kamala and Miss Sonorcross, they need to be rounded up and put in a broom closet,
whoever the smoke clear.
Is the water?
Yeah.
She could cover us with the paint.
The way the numbers have fallen.
I beg your pardon? She has giant hands.
What does that mean?
I bet she doesn't have a magic finger like Miss Kamala.
Yeah, Miss Kamala and that magic finger should give a lot of work this time of year.
Welcome.
That's what Brian Andrews said. I think that's why he left Channel 7.
Oh, here's something that's kind of interesting.
I like this. Thank you whoever sent this in. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for all of you people.
Because I guarantee you that the caller and you and me, we're not the only ones who get all the unsolicited facts.
How many million of those things you think it's sent every day?
About 30, man.
Increasingly says the Florida State Attorney General's Office. Well, that would be Charlie Christ.
Ever see him and Richard Simmons together?
Nope.
Same person.
Increasingly, facts, similarly transmissions or facts transmissions are being used as another meeting to advertise various goods and services and crap.
But time spent in use of your facts line and the paper used to print incoming materials cost you money,
Nietzsche, Denero, and multi-soli.
If you've requested advertising materials to be sent to your facts number, you can expect that your facts machine and paper be used to receive the materials.
However, unsolicited advertising materials are sent to you via your facts machine.
You may not wish that your money be spent and receive the materials.
It strokes me up thinking about it.
If an unsolicited ad is faxed to you within the state of Florida, consider the following.
Know the law.
Florida Statute 365.1657 provides.
It is unlawful for any person to use a machine that electronically transmits faxsimilies of documents through connection with a telephone network to transmit within this state
unsolicited ad material for the sale of any real property goods or services.
Florida Statute yadi-adi-adi further provides that the attorney general may file suit to stop the person from faxing persons ads without their permission and to oppose monetary penalties for violations of the statute.
Assert your rights.
If you think someone has sent you an unsolicited faxed ad, sometimes a telephone call is all it takes to correct a problem.
Make sure you keep a record of the date the person contacted and subject matter of each telephone contact you have with the company.
If that doesn't work, you may wish to contact the attorney general at the office of the attorney general.
Economic crimes division 110 southeast 6th street and 4th Lauderdale 33301-5000.
I probably should give that again tonight.
You should.
The attorney general's office economic crimes division 110 southeast 6th street and 4th Lauderdale 33301-5000.
Other state that I put in my pile.
I'll read it a few more times every now and then from time to time.
If she's still on there with this Ivan thing.
We'll now be fattened down on the northern coast in the resort there and some of us on the west coast.
Look out for makeup.
Our Carl Penhall there in Kingston, Jamaica.
We'll can you check out with me.
Yeah, you're going to get the big blow in Jamaica.
Make no mistake about that.
And anybody that's in the denial that they're getting at the.
You're on mine.
It has to be out of their minds, out of their grudges, not paying any attention.
The dishonesty thing writes, I don't think I have time to do this.
Do I?
Yeah, I do.
I don't want to start doing a whole bunch of bedtime stories about it.
Well, anyway, because like I said, the quality of the calls, which is never great to begin with,
but it's the generated such a degree because most of you, I do understand, have a life in your busy, at this point,
you're starting to do the things that I've been telling you to do.
Get smart, okay?
Not like the president.
Get smart.
Paul Kurgman writes, the dishonesty thing.
It's the dishonesty stupid.
The real issue in the National Guard's story isn't what George W. Bush did three decades ago.
It's the recent pattern of lies.
His assertions that he fulfilled his obligations when he obviously didn't.
The White House's repeated claims that it really stole the document, or relevant documents, when it hadn't.
It's the same pattern of dishonesty, this time involving personal matters that the public can easily understand
that some of us have long seen on policy issues from global warming to the war in Iraq.
On budget matters, which is where I came in, serious analysts not take the administration dishonesty for granted.
It isn't always that way.
Three years ago, those of us who accused the administration of cooking the budget books were ourselves accused by moderates as well as by Bush loyalists of being shrill.
These days, the coalition of the shrill has widened to include almost every independent budget expert.
For example, back in February, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities accused the Bush administration of an effect playing three-card money with budget forecasts.
It put it out that the administration's deficit forecast was far above those of independent analysts and suggested that this exaggeration was deliberate.
Overstating the 2004 deficit to the center road could allow the president to announce significant progress on the deficit in late October, shortly before the election day, when the Treasury Department announces the final figures.
Was this a wild accusation from a liberal think tank? No, it's conventional wisdom among experts.
Two months ago, Stanley Callumder, a respected nonpartisan analyst, warned, at some point over the next few weeks the Office of OMB will release the administration's mid-session budget review and try to convince everyone that the federal deficit is falling do not believe them.
He went on to echo the Center's analysis, the administration's standard procedure he said is to initially issue an unrealistically high deficit forecast, which is politically motivated or just plain bad.
Now when the actual number comes in below the forecast, officials declare that the deficit is falling even though it's higher than the previous year's deficit.
Golden and Sachs has the same. Last month, one of its analysts wrote that the OMB has perfected the art of under-promising and over-performing in terms of its near-budget deficit forecast, this creates the impression that the deficit is nearing when effect it will be up sharply.
In other words, many reputable analysts hinted that the Bush administration routinely fakes even short-term budget forecast for the purposes of political spin and the fakery in its long-term forecast is even much worse.
The administration claims to have a plan to cut the deficit in half over the next five years, but even Bruce Bartlett, a long-time tax cut advocate, points out that projections showing deficits falling assume that Bush's tax cuts expire on schedule.
The Mr. Bush wants those tax cuts made permanent. That is, the administration has a plan to reduce the deficit that depends on Congress's not passing its own legislation.
Sounding definitely shrill, Mr. Bartlett says that anyone who thinks we can overcome our fiscal mess without higher taxes is in denial.
Far from backing down on his tax cuts, however, Mr. Bush is proposing to push the budget much deeper into the red with privatization programs that the poor offer something for nothing.
As NewWizweaks Allen Sloan writes, the president didn't exactly burden us with details about paying for all of this.
It's great marketing. Show your audience the goodies, but not the price tag. It's like going to the supermarket, picking out your stuff, taking it home without stopping it to check out line to pay.
The bill, that'll come later.
Long-time readers, or remember that that's exactly what I said, shrill about Mr. Bush's proposal during the 2000 campaign, Krugman writes, once again he's running on a claim that 2-1 equals 4.
So what's the real plan? Some not usually shrill people think that Mr. Bush will simply refuse to face reality until it comes crashing in.
Paul Wilker, the former Fed Reserve chairman says there's a 75% chance of a financial crisis in the next 5 years.
Nobody knows what Mr. Bush would really do about tax inspinning in a second term. What we do know is that on this as many other matters he won't tell the truth.
That's for damn sure, you can bet Greg's life on it, you know what?
Let's do it. How about 50%?
12 minutes after 1 at 5, 60 WQA. Right now Armstrong Ford, a homestead wants to clear their loss and sell off all remaining 0-4s.
And here are just some of the great deals waiting for you right as I speak.
In 0-4, F-150 pick up just a dollar over invoice. New 0-4 Explorer just a dollar over invoice. Rangers, Crown Vicks, Tourists, and Focuses all waiting for you.
It's just one peso, one dollar over invoice only at Armstrong Ford of homestead. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to its lower customers too when you buy a Ford from these folks.
You'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That is correct. Tires and batteries for life.
And the value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't just stop there either because right now they give you a free Florida Sunpass with any vehicle you buy there.
If you're pressed for a time Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable, especially with all the crap that's going on right now.
So give McCall 305-247-5112. That's 247-5112 and sharp right over the phone. They're leaving deliver that new vehicle right to you wherever you hang it out.
Armstrong Ford of homestead locally owned an operator they treat you just like family and I guarantee you you will get a better deal anywhere on a Ford in town. No bait and switch, no phony deals.
Armstrong Ford of homestead you'll find them at 307-25 South Dixie Highway to 20 minutes south of the 836. Check them on the web, armsdrawncars.com.
Grab a little and save a ton of them that do Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
You'll find them at new ruggers. Correct.
Correct.
On the 5.60.
Q.A.L.
Q.A.L.
The one around here is going to miss you.
The guy in the middle of the little tube, too.
Out of high-end, you'll be going all the way up.
I'm going to go to the right.
I'm going to go to the right.
I'm going to go to the right.
I'm going to go to the right.
I'm going to go to the right.
I'm going to go to the right.
I'm going to go to the right.
I'm going to go to the right.
I'm going to go to the right.
How much would you choose from the ATK?
And it means that we all are winners.
National Post today, horrible newspaper at your point out, offered by players a step
backwards the owner's say.
So if you think there's going to be an NHL season, if you're getting ready to send off
your might as a panthers or they make believes or the Montreal Canadians or the Boston Bruins
or the de-correct regulates any of these phony below me, forget about it.
NHL Commissioner Gary Petman shot down the union's latest proposal for a new collective
bargaining agreement with No More Talks schedule with less than a week left in the existing
contract and owner lockout holding were all part of the season appears to be certainty.
Okay?
Not likely, but a certainty.
Bill Deily, the NHL's vice president and chief legal officer, said the NHL players'
association's proposal, which is very similar to a union proposal made in rejected 11
months ago, represented a step backwards in the process.
How do you like that?
Petman tracked down the union saying they're ending the four hour meeting with one sentence,
we're not even talking the same language.
This was a pre-archist-rated move not to make a meaningful proposal daily, said we need
to find a solution to our problems and right now the union is not willing to talk to us
about that.
At this point, I can't say that we have any further plans to try to be creative again.
In other words, this is just a bone dog and pony show.
All it is.
When in doubt they're going to lock out.
So screw the fans once again.
All those people will keep putting their hardware, earn money in the mail and shipping it off
to these multimedia net owners so they can like have...
Yeah, it's just like kind of the Greg Reads Syndrome, too.
You know, there want to be, they want to be like big shots.
I'm a sports mogul, I'm a maven, I'm a big deal.
By the way, how about those patriots?
Oh!
Anyway, explosion topples Connecticut Church.
Now we may have a little bit of a clue.
Remember this morning we saw those pictures?
Right, we were clueless.
And we're all clueless speaking of Greg Reads.
Cole Chester, Connecticut.
Are they ever going to take that extra C out of Connecticut?
Don't you think two C's are enough?
I think the one...
I think that we don't...
Why don't we just take out letters and words that aren't pronounced anywhere?
We've got enough dumb people already who can't spell anything.
Right, why can't we start doing that?
Connect the hit my ass.
To what?
Generator.
A powerful blast level to decades old Ukrainian church early Friday, shaking nearby buildings
and tossing debris.
Hundreds of feet, no injuries were reported.
The cause of the 7 a.m. explosion at St. Mary's Ukrainian Catholic Church...
Oh my God.
It was not immediate, immediate, clear.
The brick building did, however, have an indoor propane tank for cooking.
State police sergeant J. Paul Vance said in a relation to Harnest River Day Vance.
The area was cordoned off in the nearby Oravivian Vance.
The area was cordoned off and the nearby highway was shut down, Vance said.
The pastor and his family were safely evacuated from their adjacent home, said the Reverend Michael
Dubabachee of the Ukrainian Catholic Epochee.
What is that?
EPA RCHY.
What is that?
Oh, Ukrainian?
The Ukrainian Catholic Epochee of Stanford, the seat of the church's diocese, that's their
seat.
Welcome.
The church built in 55, 35 families, how ironic.
It's a good thing it wasn't built in 03.
Business be pretty slow.
Members have been preparing for a Ukrainian festival in Stanford this weekend.
Co-chester was founded about 4,500, about 20 miles southeast of Hartford, a horrible,
New Haven.
I don't know about Hartford.
I've never been there.
I might be okay.
New Haven is closed.
I wonder how...
I guess the only reason people want to be in Connecticut is because they want to be
in New York, but they don't want to actually be in New York.
They want to be close.
Close enough to enjoy it, but not close enough to suffer from it.
Get my drift?
Yeah.
5,6705, 60, pound, 560 on the Verizon Marliss and singular wireless lines.
My jam a few calls in there because we got, what, 23 minutes?
Don't forget 145.
It's at Marlins pregame show and then we got the double header.
Marlins at the Cubs at really 220 this afternoon.
Huge, humongous earth shaking games.
WQA and Hill, not there.
QA and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
He's a brother, baby.
He looks pretty good last night.
WQA and Hello.
Talk sports on another show.
QA and?
Not there.
Okay, that takes sure your calls.
What did I tell you before?
Oh, yes.
And I've got, looking to mirror, blame myself because I was the one that said, hey, go
start taking care of business right now and get out there and do your things.
Now, I'll start now.
Too late.
23 past one plus we're going to get this possible.
You are listening to Neil Roger Fitz, who is in late on 5,670.
You're all on it.
That's absolutely.
Yeah.
Oh, that is still.
It up in wind.
They put one back into his heart is old.
The doctor's holding a heart in his hands.
But now we really know his heart is old.
No matter what we're told.
Yeah, the chain he's got a heart that's old.
I'm tired of it.
I'm hoping don't explode.
He makes decisions.
He has the vision.
He has the country under his control.
While pushing, God gave, it's dangerous.
And that's what happens when your heart is old.
And it's old.
Yeah, the chain he's got a heart that's old.
I've got, when it's gone above.
He'll keep on working till his heart is cold.
Don't forget if you don't vote for a boy.
He'll keep pretending that it's hard ain't old.
But if it's reality, he'll keep on saying that it's like Michael Mowell.
You guessed what it's he knows.
He's been eating too many cheeseburgers, right?
520 L.O.A.
That sounds pretty good.
Cheeseburgers?
A real cheeseburger.
I'm talking about Macdonalds, their booger king or crap like that.
Hello, booger king is out there.
His great famous anus burgers now.
I had one from Howeys.
And?
Not bad.
What do you mean from Howeys?
Bacon cheeseburgers from Howeys.
But what does that have to do with booger king?
We're just learning to be right away to say Howeys for fitness today.
Oh, thanks to Howeys.
Thank you guys for my We Love Howeys.
Were they located again?
You've been really slackened.
In fact, that whole station.
Everybody's always saying, thanks Howeys.
Well, it was them hard.
What are them?
Yeah.
They're at 23.
I'm sorry, 24.
That's what the, what's his name said to a bus crew?
Roy.
954-989-7707.
Yeah, they're on where?
2430 South State Road 7.
And they are great.
If you can find better bacon anywhere in the world than they got, then eat it immediately.
Because it's just so good.
It's disgusting.
Fantastic.
And all their stuff is great.
Including the bacon cheeseburger that Josh just hopped down as he learns the art of eating a lot of free food, working his business, especially when you get to pay the big bucks.
He's making 521 votes.
If the election were right now, regardless of who you prefer for whom you'd vote, who do you think is going to win?
420-140.
Carry 195.
Fairly close.
But again, keep in mind that these are mostly carry people, San Ed.
We're not too optimistic.
Damn it.
Why is he such a, don't know, 67.
And don't give it to me, 22.
We've got bigger fish to fry.
It's just, well, let me just, what I would like to do is just because the Sun Central just released the latest in the group.
It's just like a greatest here.
Kind of like a recap.
Powerful hurricane.
I've been packing 145 mile an hour winds remains on a course that would impure the Gulf Coast of Florida.
And it could even strike.
Now, did I say this yesterday and again, they puntagorda.
The same place devoured by Hurricane Charlie last month.
What do they have to do over there?
What did those mudwams over the zero all of a sudden?
You just said it.
Mudwams.
No.
Carve.
Guys, the storm still was about four days away from a potential landfall in Florida.
Expect the forecast track to keep changing and continuing preparing as though Southeast Florida could be a target as early as Monday for as forecast you said.
And I agree with that.
However, the latest projections are a touch brighter for the Gold Coast.
The future track puts Ivan in the Gulf of Mexico west of Fort Myers on Monday.
From that position, it probably would be a blustery day on Monday and likely on Tuesday in South Florida.
But the region likely would escape the Hurricane conditions.
Ivan's hurricane force wins greater than 74 miles an hour.
Greater than 74 miles an hour?
Extend 60 miles from its core.
Well, what does that mean?
Greater than, oh, I see, that may say to Hurricane.
Well, that's like I said, the Sun's Sentinel blows.
Can K rotus a can you an idiot?
The region is still my field wins of 40 to 60 miles an hour and be soaked by heavy rains because the storm tropical force wins.
We'll extend 175 miles from its core.
And as we all know, Ivan the Terrible is rotten to the core.
However, Ivan was also expected to weaken his approaches mainland Florida, possibly down to 115 miles an hour,
which would make it a week category three.
It would still be a major hurricane, but not nearly as destructive as its current category four.
And of course yesterday at one point it was a five.
It was even stronger at one point than Andrew, which I'm sure you're aware.
The storm is being subjected to increasing wind shearers that move northwest.
It can also be disrupted after it goes over mountains in Jamaica and Cuba.
It's a meteorologist Walter Barnes with the National Hurricane Center in Dade.
When it goes over landed mountains, Las Montaas de Cuba, it stops increasing in strength, he said.
And then it's got the oil given again.
At 11 o'clock this morning, Ivan was 155 miles southeast of Kingston Jamaica, about 650 miles southeast of Miami.
650 miles southeast of Miami.
Oh my God.
It was moving northwest to 12 miles an hour, about five miles an hour slower than its brisk pace over the past three or four days.
Maybe Ivan needs a good brisk.
The storm was expected to be over Jamaica by tonight near the Caymans on Saturday over west Cuba near Havana by Sunday night.
Hurricane Watchers and warnings have been posted for all the Caribbean islands in its path.
It could be near or even over a key west about midday on Monday.
And as the Friday alt-keys residents of the first as you know order to evacuate, they were torn out of there like crazy.
Ivan was forecast to move west of Naples or do west of Fort Lauderdale, either on Monday night or early Tuesday.
See that?
What does that mean?
Do west.
It could be like off the coast of Texas and be the west of Fort Lauderdale, right?
Yeah.
From there it's next stop.
And then again, this is all conjecture because we just we don't know.
I mean why they just don't keep saying that over and over again so they don't get people all whipped up.
We can't tell you.
They can't tell you.
I can't tell you.
George can't tell you.
Josh can't tell you.
Doug can't tell you.
Clarence can't tell you.
Nobody can tell you.
Hank can't tell you because he and I knew he had no choice but to come back on Wednesday with friends.
That ran.
Frank for you, hopper.
Because South Florida could start feeling winds and rain as early as Sunday night, the hurricane watches the warnings could be posted for the southern tip of the state by Saturday,
we're if the storm remains far enough away, tropical storm watches warnings might be issued.
If Ivan were to aim directly at South Florida, we'd likely approach from the south that would reduce the storm surge threat,
but it's still likely to be an evacuation of the barrier.
Well, I don't say.
I don't like I said.
Punta Gordal already is reading from Hurricane Charlie hitting his a category for August 13.
It could be really ugly if Ivan goes in that same area where Charlie went in said this guy, this goofball that they're putting in.
So did not just get through Santa.
And what that points out is not that I have any expertise.
It's just that when you got two eyes into ears, all you got to do is go online.
There we got the tracking map on our website.
You got a link to the National Hurricane Center and the Naval Research Lab and they got their own websites with all kind.
And the best thing is to look at the infrared loop.
We have the National Hurricane Center and you press satellite images and then you go to the Atlantic infrared loop.
Man, that thing.
Oh, that's the thing to sit there staring at.
Just watch that evil eye, that evil nasty round eye.
We are now in the stretcher.
We are Rogers of mornings and we dig.
And towards around the clock, we'll fight for the keyway.
If I have any talent, the stretcher has five six o'clock.
WQA.
I'm dying on the hand.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
I'm born on the military.
For shooting shutters stop.
Fighting pockets of resistance.
It's getting way too hot.
We've had a month of strong attacks.
Without progress, no one's thrilled.
We must have those shooting greeners.
Before someone else gets killed.
Or we try to line it.
Rocket for new job.
Rocket for new job.
Or we try to line it.
Rocket for new job.
Rocket for new job.
Fire all the love the President.
No more truth in that town.
Get a ceasefire underway.
What's up, this is the world proud.
So push that enough of this.
Boy, that's it, we're done.
That's it, FBA.
To the job of shooting off our guns.
The shooting won't look like our job failed.
Then might be a next-gen's name.
But we try to line it.
Rocket for new job.
Rocket for new job.
Rocket for new job.
Rocket for new job.
Did that work told us the worst all about?
We want to make here rock solid.
For what?
And listen, Josh, I told you it's a must be park.
It's just the blue park, same night.
And that's all right.
I didn't even realize the reason they want to do that
is whether we're in a session case
because they're already in Chicago and we need to play the covers of this series.
And whether we can go, because they just don't have any time to
be postponing anymore games, right?
Right.
We can't afford to lose anymore baseball games.
And what was wrong with that playing a girl's theme on a new profile?
In fact, maybe more people would chew up there
because the weather might be okay as opposed to like in the middle of a hurricane.
But then what do I want?
Okay, stay still.
We got your marbles right there.
Coming up to us.
The two of the games you really feel long as it comes with two 20s.
And then don't forget the games FSU games on Power 96,
which is like a bonus because they got a great signal.
You can't actually hear it.
The dolphins came up one tomorrow with 45-50 hours of pregame.
And how about those Patriots?
Ahhh!!!!
Are you sure that's the movie?
There's a guy in the box, okay?
Absolutely correction.
It's a relationship.
I will go.
["Don't l because they scream,unl theblicking pig!]
Sport! You fly! Simplylide!!!!
