Friday you fast-roaring this weekend!
Now that Bill O'Reilly's career is in his name is on the skids,
come on by and check out his new venture.
It's Bill O'Reilly's leisure spin zone.
I've always wanted to drink wine so fast it's like it was being introduced intravenously.
You can get that in so many other devices of special pleasure in Bill's store,
like the t- the t- and of course the ever-popular t- that people loved
him in.
I call mine Mr. Newsman.
Bill's got a product so hot we can't even see them on the radio.
In fact he's probably got a lot of stuff that should never be recorded anywhere.
Wow!
That is inappropriate.
Stop by Bill O'Reilly's pleasure spin zone today and get a coupon good for one free
falafel rub.
Plus with every purchase of a $50 you'll get a free thank you phone call from Bill himself.
Wow!
Hey, uh, who's this?
It's Bill O'Reilly baby.
Here we go.
Wow!
Uh, hello.
I was going to say thank you for shopping at my store and to the world wow.
What are you wearing baby?
I had to go.
No, I got to go.
No, I got to go.
I know you're boss.
Bill O'Reilly's pleasure spin zone putting the O'Reilly.
Oh!
Wow, it's eight minutes past 10.
Look at this boy and girls.
The little bonus horse.
I don't know what the hell we do now for 52 minutes.
We got a first boss in there.
Huh?
We don't.
This, he this doesn't work.
Here's a classic example of why this whole deal, this Greg Reed nightmare that he splatted
on the rest of us like Freddie Krueger.
This doesn't work.
I mean, I thought I had solved a problem like kind of an intermediate way until we figured
out what planet we're all on and by starting to show officially 11 o'clock.
And that was okay when Nestern bailed out even at 1020, 1040, 1045.
Now, yesterday at 1107, it worked out a little bit off-court, but that was okay.
Yeah, that was great.
Yeah, this was the tape.
But today, I come in here and I'm sitting my ass down here about, I don't know, about
nine o'clock, whatever was 10 after nine.
And George and I are confabulating and all of a sudden he says, oh, by the way, it's
a tape today.
They're done at 10.
This is at about 20 past nine this morning.
I find out that, oh, they're done at 10 o'clock.
Because it's a stupid ass best of tape.
Well, so what happened to our solution for the problem?
That's solved it so magnificently that we started 11 o'clock.
And all the other people, you know, we do a little four play before that, to fill that void in there.
But everybody officially who's listening to all their other shows, the Joe Rose and the Goddess and whatever they're listening to,
they can come over here at 11 and be sure they're not going to miss part of the show.
We just started 11.
Well, guess what?
Is that going to work today?
I guess it might work today, but I have no idea what you're going to do between now and 11 o'clock.
I've got to play the sounds of silence over and over again.
Yeah, that might work.
Sure, as they hit.
I still think that...
That's a middle of those my works are 11 o'clock.
Probably get about 20 share.
Don't you think?
That's a whole lot on somebody's face.
Mostly mine.
So I guess that we have to postpone all the other stuff.
Because I've got a story here that is just...
I don't know, I don't know if I can hold it back to 11 o'clock.
But you could always do it twice.
You're going to do it twice.
What kind of crap is that?
The audience out there don't want to hear it twice.
If it was good enough for a diary.
Are you knocking the dead?
That has to be of all the rude and crude and insensitive things that you've ever done.
That sure takes...
Oh, I know what I'm going to tell you before anything else.
And that's the story about my in-artful agent and lawyer,
a bozo, a favorite.
My in-artful pizza burger is sucking down a piece of crap.
What a jerk.
Oh, it shouldn't be funny.
But it is.
But it's funny in a pathetic way.
Am I a lawyer and am I agent?
I use that term very loosely.
Yeah.
That's where an agent is, my mother would say.
Calls me about 10 after 2 years today after the show to give me a song and a dance about...
Well, I talked to this one right here.
He's putting his tentacles and testicles out there for these satellite radio people.
Which when we get to this story, it's going to blow all about out of the water anyway.
Because it looks like that whole business about satellite radio and how certain people think they're going to get into that.
It's going to subvert the dictates of the FCC and all the chilling effect on free speech and entertaining your audience.
Well, guess what?
I didn't think it was going to take too long.
But before I even realize it, already the wheels are grinding to bring that to a real fast halt.
But we'll get to that eventually.
But anyway, so here's...
And I wanted to pass along with my own input there since it is my livelihood we're talking about.
And so I said to my pizza burger swallowing agent, I said, well, you know, something I forget I don't even remember what it was.
Something about Stern and about Sirius.
And I hear at this point, you know how when you're talking to somebody you realize even if it's over the phone, you realize they're not listening to you.
Right?
Yeah, you're...
They like you, like right now.
And at any rate, all of a sudden I hear realizing full well that whatever I'm saying is not being heard because I hear this cell phone even near...
I don't know, that sound like the cell phone's being held against somebody's ass.
And all of a sudden I hear, oh, two pizza burgers and two medium coaks.
I mean, could you decipher that?
Where do they sell pizza burgers?
I don't know.
But normal does.
Of course I wonder what Twinky was going to be eating the other one, although like I told you before the show probably both pizza burgers and both coaks were for a Miss Kent.
You know, he's a growing boy.
A growing boy?
Yeah, growing...
Schmuck.
So there's what I'm doing with, that's what I have to contend with a total absolute spastic waste of my time, which is why we're sitting here now at 12 minutes after 10.
And we're like doing the limbo rock, you know what I mean?
We have no idea whether we're like fish or foul or what else going on.
I think foul.
Because this just plain don't work when it's one of these 10 o'clock days.
And it really isn't so much the timing, but you have to have a little consistency.
You can't say, well, guess what?
The show starts at 11, where I'm 11 or two.
And on the days of the Howard, don't feel like showing up and they play a tape.
Well, I don't know from 10 to 11.
Because your idea of like doing the same stuff twice, that's the leaves me a little limp if you catch my drift.
Doing it twice?
Oh, it's that good.
It is that good.
All right.
I'll ramble on on this one twice.
Because obviously we don't have a psychic audience, so they don't know that.
See, this whole deal of starting at these different times.
This doesn't work.
That's one thing beyond the shadow of a doubt.
I'm going to say right now with all the difference to stir and already anybody else.
And it just doesn't work.
It's unprecedented.
Let me say it again.
It's unprecedented in the history of the broadcasting industry that, again, keep in mind,
a music show is not really a show.
They're making a difference when that starts.
It's all the same stuff you heard a million times.
Plus what we're saying, too.
But regardless, music show can start anytime.
A talk show doesn't start at staggered times.
Surprise.
Yeah, surprise.
I'm bringing Greg Reads' world.
It does.
It is whatever suits his purpose in a given day, just like right in the whole bunch of conflicting contracts that overlap with each other.
I still say it's not a bad idea.
Let's just do 10 to 2.
And whenever they decide to open the pot, just like during that awful press conference they had that they would Mr. H.A.P.S.
And they want that gets fired but pretends to resign press conference here today.
You know, when they shut the pot off.
When they want to open up the pot, then you'll hear the show.
Right?
Maybe that's the way to solve it.
Of course, then nobody will hear the beginning of the show and nobody will have any idea what's going on.
Come back to those 9 o'clock days.
This man has taken this show and just vortured it.
Everything he touches man, he just continues convoluting and twisting and yanking and just destroying everything like a gigantic out of control, he-la monster.
Like a lunatic.
And we were doing just fine.
Everything was okay.
Or we're fine.
Spring book was your youngest number is breaking into money.
Everything was great.
But no!
Just can't I.
It's non-stop diddling if you I am.
Can't stop diddling with this show especially.
I mean the other one's a morning show he's already broken it into a million pieces.
He's never going to put it back together again.
I guess he thought like, you know, strutting around like a proud peacock once he puts stern on it.
I got how it's stern.
I got it back out of mind.
I got stern.
Even though of course it's like sliced up like a piece of Swiss cheese.
And so watered down and diluted and bleaked out that nobody can even figure out what's on half at the time.
That's part of it.
But the big problem of course is the fact that stern now as everybody knows is going to get serious.
He's going to satellite radio.
In 13 months or less or less.
And more and more like the article I read the other day says it looks more and more like less.
Remember less?
Right, let's test it.
No, less brown in the battery now.
Less hot?
Or busy going down.
I think that's what we're doing.
We're going down.
Yeah, because I got this letter at the end of the show from Chronic Reg and Coral Springs.
Which I hate to upstage you a little bit.
Well, don't read his facts.
I can read it again later 11 o'clock, right?
In fact, what we'll do is we'll do the same hour or four times.
We just want to take that.
For anybody who missed it the first time, that's how it's going to be.
It's going to be dynamic.
You'll see.
WQA, we have an acid, they didn't have an appointment.
So as I started saying you have an appointment, they bailed out.
How could they have an appointment when we were never on at this time?
I mean, wouldn't it have been nice for somebody to tell us while Stern's going to be on tape on Friday?
You guys are going to be starting at 10, huh?
What difference would it have made?
Oh, it does make a difference.
I mean, you know as well as I do, you have to have a little psychological...
...preparation age.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, how's it going, buddy?
All right, Pally.
Hey, you know when he's on tape that automatically...
Who's he, Howard?
Yeah, automatically what?
That automatically will end at 10.
Right.
Yeah, because Robins is not doing the news because you can't play yesterday or last week's news again,
so it cuts out a whole chunk of the show.
Yeah, because that's how it's always been.
I mean, ever since I've been listening to Howard,
when he's on tape and it automatically ends at 10,
he's got normal commercial breaks, you know, it's just normal.
Right.
It's like a...it's whatever it is.
But that's what it is.
Well, this is how it works.
It doesn't work for me.
Nothing will really, I mean, unless they put your antenna every day.
Yeah.
See, that's what the Neoronja Show was.
It was on at 10, and now all of a sudden we're supposed to start whenever the hell this other show ends.
And again, it's got nothing to do with Stern.
I don't have any bug up my ass about Stern, but it's just the idea that we've got management
that doesn't understand how a show works.
So this is not the way radio works.
Well, sometimes you used to start at 10, you also started at 9.
Well, like the mind was at 7, that also helped to set the show back to 10 years.
That was an nightmare.
Last week you started at 1030,
there were companies starting at 1040, 5.
That's only since Stern has been on, right?
Right.
I remember one time you started at 1058.
Yeah.
1040, 1040, 730.
Maybe we can't wait for that.
That was a good day.
That was a good show.
It ended 1040, 730.
I marked that one down.
How about if we have gambling?
Where are we getting like an over-under?
What time you start?
I think any can could handle the over-sunders on that.
I like it.
Good thing you're battling.
All right.
It's from Monday.
I'll take over 1015.
No, great.
Okay.
You've got it, man.
That's good.
You can have an office pool.
What time does the old fart come on?
How would time Stern finally bail out?
We do it every day.
See, if they would have told us ahead of time,
if we didn't know him,
I'd like on a real radio station,
although probably they won't tell us.
But if we didn't know him,
who's going to be off today,
who's going to be a tape?
We could have said in the audience yesterday,
oh, we'll be starting at 10.
Okay.
So everybody's tuning at 10,
and then we can really start the show.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
It's something that we've all started.
We can't have any continuity to your show
when nobody knows what time the show starts.
Greg, that's not the way radio works, Greg.
I realize you're not a radio person.
You're just a walking basket case and a bundle of ego.
But that's not the way it works in the world of radio, Greg.
And by the way,
you made an illegal deal with a certain people, Greg,
because this is a four-hour show that's on from 10 to 2.
And we can joke and suck around all we want about.
Wow, so much fun to work a lot less,
and have only three hours or a while.
You know, to try to convince yourself
that you're enjoying doing it and having a good time.
But the fact of the matter is it doesn't work.
It doesn't work, boys and girls.
And yeah, if I'm going to sound like I'm going to like spew it all out today,
you're absolutely correct.
Today's the day I'm spew it out.
All right.
I'm an agent that's busy ordering pizza burgers,
while calling me about urgent business on the phone,
an absolute, imbecile man, a silly person.
If he would spend more time taking care of his important clients,
as he does about the planned fantasy baseball,
and playing with the goofy wacko,
is there, you know,
since we're going to show them the same statement
I've done with you with me,
if he'd spend that much time and we actually get something done.
Maybe somebody would actually have heard this show.
You know, it's just like this thing on the election.
Remember, Stern was going on with that whole ego thing
about how he was going to get carried elected,
and he was going to get pushed out there to the work.
No.
No, I don't think that happened.
Somewhere along the line, I missed a result of that election.
Yeah, it would have been nice to be able to talk into somebody
without discouraging our own fine audience,
like the ones we had calling yesterday.
Reverend Droned 85 times in the little Julio Circles your crowd,
but other than that.
Right.
Yeah, and, oh yeah, Prozac Rahn.
Now that's what we had yesterday,
quick over the holiday.
See, I think we should make up for yesterday
by just taking off today.
Yesterday was a holiday.
We should end up with all due respect to our veterans, right?
Let's take that day.
It's disrespectful to the veterans that we had to work yesterday
on a holiday.
So we ought to take today off.
See ya.
Yeah, that's it.
That's what I'm thinking.
Yeah.
How about Barbie Jones?
What is that on the case?
Okay.
A twin brother.
That little craggy fart on there.
Is he dead, buddy, ever since?
He's only home.
No, nothing's that.
Yeah, he's dead.
Huh?
Look at that.
I still like that thing.
What?
It's a great table.
Yeah, look out, buddy.
It is a great thing.
Let's do a TV thing.
What are we going to do that for now that I started it?
Anyway, here's, let's do the break.
We'll do a break.
We got a couple of big breaks this time.
We can actually get our own breaks and own commercials in the show this time.
This whole thing is the biggest mess.
You know what's like for?
It's like falling into a gigantic tank of diarrhea.
That's what this whole thing engineered by Greg Readigan is like.
This whole screen is just like falling into a big, big tank of smelly nasty
as if it's any other kind.
Diarrhea.
Elephant diarrhea, not the human.
And then that's what it's like.
And when we're like trying to keep our head above water and you know,
keep our chin up so to speak.
Yeah, buddy episode.
The opposite side of the band is trying to play a mean chin ball as well.
Anyway, buddy's out last year.
Buddy Epson died last year.
We'll honor a buddy Epson.
Barnaby Gold always gets his main bill raw from Channel 7 to the most great promo.
Promo's and Promo's Channel 7 on a promo.
How's Miss Kamala going?
She's still cooking up the...
Yeah, yeah.
She's a little locked up these days.
I tell you what, he never has a more show ahead of energy.
That's Dordian.
Yeah, that's Kevin.
Hey, Gemini out.
Gemini out.
And wasn't it Lee?
There wasn't the fun in Miss America.
She was the Secretary Ace, I'm pleased.
I'm not ever watching the past, please.
Get out of here.
Oh, yeah.
Here we go.
Big, big ending.
Big climate.
And so...
Oh, man.
That is just Lee Lee.
They brought out.
Oh, yeah.
Or at least a multi-paper towel.
How's Baldy?
Rosie, she's dead too.
Damn it.
Yeah.
For Rosie.
She's dead about the place.
She's probably not been up with Slough's of Irrified.
You know, it is the quicker printer upper.
22 past 10 at 5, 60 WQAM.
We're just all screwed up here, man.
Like Elvis was all shook up or all screwed up.
Starting at 10 o'clock at 10 o' 4, whatever the hell it was.
I think 10 o' 4, 45, that's always a good sign.
That guy was great before.
He was sensational.
Got to be just hit about five million like him.
But I was starting to say before it said,
talking to the same bozos every day.
Wouldn't it have been great, you know?
If I would have had a real agent, we had down a real radio station
been talking like, you know, a hundred different markets.
These turns on the 46 different markets, but you didn't get bush defeated.
See, there's something wrong with it.
You failed, how you failed.
And you could bring on all the bull dikes you wanted,
all the boob's and all of that.
But you failed in your main mission, man.
And when I get to that story about what's going on with satellite radio,
people are just saying, uh-oh.
Oh, man.
I'm so fast.
Yeah.
I had no idea.
I just found that by accident.
I just was checking out FMQB, which you can look up to yourself
if you want to get to the story before I get around to read it.
And you'll see, oh my goodness.
Didn't take them too much time before a bunch of loomitics
are starting to try to implement.
And it's just a matter of time.
You saw that some of those ABC stations
wouldn't carry saving private Ryan last night,
including the SINC clear group again, of course.
Those right way.
And pretty soon you'll have nothing but, you know,
Pat Robertson and Jerry Fowlball and Paton
are in the same position as Jan Crotch on their 24-7.
P-T-L, baby.
That's right.
And of course, Fox News.
Don't forget about them.
Uh-huh.
Fox, we're the F stands for fascism.
23 past 10 at 560 W.K.M.
We apologize for these spastic nature of this hour,
but it's kind of like, uh, we're in limbo, man.
We're doing the ol' limbo rock with it without Chevy Checker.
But then again, there's always-
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's always Barnaby Jones, Gets his man.
I bet you I'm the only one who remembers, uh, Bill Ross from Channel 7.
He used to be- he used to be one of the weather guys.
It was also the booth announcer.
So he did all those promos for all those corny shows.
They used to carry before they became the Fox affiliate.
And also there was Dick Fennel on Channel 4,
which is now Channel 6.
Remember Dick Fennel?
No.
Yeah, he was one of the weather guys.
I didn't watch news when I was a puk.
Get outta here.
Big panel.
He was also did all of these voiceovers on Channel 4,
which is now Channel 6.
Back in the Ralph Redneck days.
It was Bob Weaver and Dick Fennel.
And then it was Jim Brosmer.
Remember Jim Brosmer?
I did.
But I remember the kitty shows mostly got to turn it.
That's because I was a kid.
Yeah.
So you remember, um, that's the graves of the creature features.
No, no, both ones here.
Wayne Chandler, that's one.
Nobody to remember.
Let's ask again is Wayne Ferris or Wayne Chandler still alive?
I guess Wayne Chandler's dead.
I like Wayne Chandler.
He was also a weather guy once in a while.
He's a good guy.
Right, he was.
I think I met Wayne Chandler once.
He was a pretty good guy.
It's probably why he's dead.
The good people, you know, are the dead people.
And the bastards, they were forever.
Like Rick Sandchitz.
1025 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Friday to a happy day after Veterans Day.
A lot of dead people over there in the Middle East.
You know, not as the time to save like never before it.
Armstrong, four of Holmes did because our good Paisons over there got to clear out all those remaining O-Fords
to make room for the 2005s.
And as a result of this, you're going to save even more than usual on all remaining O-Fords and stuff.
Ready for immediate delivery if not sooner.
And all the O-Fives are in and ready to rule out two.
Plus for a limited time, get yourself 0% financing on any of the following explorers, escapes, focuses, toruses, and mustangsuses.
Certain restrictions apply.
The lots of Armstrong, four of Holmes did are jammed like crazy and with more of those O-Fives arriving every day.
They're cutting prices even more to save you more cash.
And Armstrong, four of them continues to offer a slow customer's more value than anybody else because when you buy or four there,
you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for a life program that is absolutely correct.
Tires and batteries for life.
So if you've been wanting a new car, but putting it off, wait not another day.
David Rich and his staff at Armstrong, four of Holmes did will guarantee you the best price.
And don't forget Armstrong, four of Holmes did locally would have operated it and want you to be a customer for life, so the creature, life family.
And they will give you the best deal on time.
I guarantee you, I'll bet you Greg's life on it.
You will get a better deal on the Ford Anywhere, no bait and switch, no phony deals.
All of this going on right now at Armstrong, four of Holmes did, and you'll find him right down the old Hershey highway.
There were 30725 South Fixey Highway, just 20 minutes south of the A36.
Check them on the wicked web, ArmstrongCars.com, and then drive a little bit.
Save tons of them at New Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Holmes did.
We're the ROD, Mr. Joe.
We are ROD's mornings in the day.
And, what's around the clock for violence in the way?
You call this big market radio?
And now, another page from the Fodio Diary of Martha Stewart.
You may recall in my last entry, I would sim it and shredding lightly in my new surroundings.
Well, all that has changed.
I'm starting to feel more comfortable with each miserable day that passes, and so I can be my nasty power-hungry self.
The warden and I have reached an understanding.
I do as I please, and I let her pretend to be in charge.
You may be hearing some disturbing news about some apples that I picked illegally.
I have since explained to the monosolabic credence who control the grounds.
Rules do not apply to me.
If I want to bake a pie after fighting off the unwanted sexual advances of overweight mouth-breathing WNBA fans,
that's exactly what I'm going to do.
I've taught myself how to adapt and overcome.
Why just yet today I had an altercation with big, mis-below-päsent-a-women-shower.
Before my arrival, she was the big mother.
We came to a mutual understanding.
As far I order, two weak-minded drones to blacken her eyes with my soap on a rope.
That's all for now.
I must go to the heroine's alley, who made an off-hand installment about my travel apple jelly.
I never realized how much pain a sport could bring to another human being.
In truth, I never even heard of a sport.
Fascinating, but looks like a spoon that has the crown of a fork and is the perfect instrument of disfiguring a new torture.
Sudo!
I'll 1031 at 5.60 WQAM.
So I have another email from Norma Kent, who's on a way to get more pizza burgers.
I wonder if you...
Just go away, Norma.
Okay, don't go away, mag.
Just go away and continue playing fantasy baseball with your fantasy life and be a fantasy agent,
which is exactly what you are.
And don't be telling me about any more stale offers from Greg Read about working no three days a week in a summertime and working four hours.
See, I do work four hours, 10 to 2.
But when you chomp off most of the 10 o'clock hour and somebody's like yesterday,
all of it in a little bit of the 11 o'clock hour, that's not my doing.
That's your doing when you enter into an illegal agreement, Greg.
And if I had a real attorney to probably already sued your dumb ass, but at any rate,
let's see, Jim Sarny writes, I'm trying to find stuff here because I don't want to like
to blow the whole thing on that satellite radio story.
Big story.
Huh?
Right.
Don't you agree? It's a major development story.
And not a good development either.
But that's something we didn't see coming.
I saw a kind of line of thing would take place this past, but I guess it's kind of like a preemptory shot across the bow.
Is those legal nuts like to say that's fire, shot across the bow.
Only crazy people say things like that.
So Jim Sarny speaking of crazy people, right?
We don't need to read this again.
Later even with all the respects of our fact friend Hank.
It says, Hank Olberg is having a great week.
Nice going, hover.
Sports.
Okay, that's enough.
Sports Illustrated named Hank one of the nation's top sports talk personalities a few days ago.
And then Goldberg broke today once that resignation Monday night calling the news and Ed Kaplan on the air causing a tidal wave of media frenzy as newspapers and TV stations scrambled to confirm the story.
In the aftermath Goldberg shows a must listen every afternoon as the dolphins future plays out.
Oh, man.
What a nice suck job.
Wow.
He doesn't say to them about what station they're going to be on at the end of the year.
Doesn't he?
No.
No.
I must have missed that because with the big headline there which we appreciate very much for a good friend of Humphre.
I don't see anything about what's going on with Hank's contract or he's going to get suspended again for being a little bit too good and get too much free publicity and it wasn't even Barry Jackass is calling.
You see the fact that Sarny wrote that and not Barry Jackass.
That tells you right there.
They didn't come from upper level management.
See what I mean?
Right.
If it would have been in Barry Jackass then you know somebody would have fed it to him.
In other words, to try to suck around like that promo that we're running on here about.
Hank Goldberg breaks the story out of, well of course he does.
He's done it all the time.
He's been doing it for a hundred years.
But when he breaks the story they don't like then they suspend him for six weeks.
Very sad what's going on.
Of course nobody in the markets since they're all out of touch.
I mean, Chick actually wrote that story spontaneously here a couple weeks ago.
Was he never spoke to me or anybody that I know?
But I guess he just kind of picked it up out of the blue so to speak.
Out of the blue states.
They're there.
Yeah.
It's about this.
Because this isn't working.
It just does not work for me.
It doesn't work for George.
It doesn't work very well for Josh.
You don't care because as long as he gets paid for what's an hour.
350 whatever it is.
Hey, 375.
375.
He doesn't really care.
Well we care because it creates a real problem for us and for our fine audience out there,
which is why now Greg read his, reduced our audience to Reverend Jones, his boyfriend,
crazy, a pro-Zach Ron, and a little circle jerk who Leo's out there who busy writing
40 letters, signing P on his name to it.
And that's basically all we got.
Now, because he keeps yanking the audience around, jerking him around and jerking him around
a one day, it's this and one day it's that they haven't got any without a score card and a pencil
with a bigger race around it.
They don't know what's going on.
Like even when the host doesn't even know one time you show a star.
Like when I sit down here this morning and tell me, oh well how would I take 410 o'clock today?
And I'm thinking, you gotta be kidding me.
Based on what?
We thought we had this thing down to a science now.
I might even have to take a few more calls here before we get to this big satellite radio story,
which could, this is the thing here, even though people say, well that's only just one, you know, well you'll see.
Because with the current censoring fascist climate in America today,
with the kind of fascist we have on the FCC and even with new members,
we'll continue to have, believe you me, with liquid poison point of them.
You can be the insurer.
Any chance they get to censor anything you want to read, watch, listen to, they'll jump on it,
they'll squeeze it, they'll covet it, they'll love it.
Any chance they get?
Because that's the new American now, man, where the F stands for fascism as an FU.
WDQAM, hello.
Thank you.
I'm the hardcore fan.
I listen to you with every time you come on, you can come on at 140, 150, 150, 150.
Now you're talking my language.
How about you?
I'm not working.
Yeah.
I'm going.
Yeah, okay.
You're an idiot.
WDQAM, hello.
Ooh, this must be the cover we're waiting for.
Right.
Thank you for you.
I'll have two pictures of others and two million folks.
Let's see, this piece of curiosity, if you want to see who's on the other end of the video.
Somebody is obviously hooked us up.
Which is always good.
Yeah, always good getting hooked up.
They're not home.
Now, Miss Kamala in Answerance, she's occupied at the moment.
Oku Paddle.
She's an occupant.
Welcome.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Wayne Chandler is not dead.
He's still chicken alive and hollywood.
Thank God.
That's the best news I've heard from the company.
He sat down here.
Love you, Neil.
Where is Wayne Chandler?
He's living in Hollywood, actually.
In Hollywood, Florida?
Hollywood, Florida.
Love you, Wayne.
Love you.
Thanks for the good news.
He's a good guy.
He was good on the air and he did the Kittieshow for a million years.
He did, which I like to skip a rough talk.
He's still alive.
He's doing a lot of things.
He's doing Geriatric Radio over there.
What channel is he on?
FLA, FLA, FLA.
One of those Geriatric stations.
One of the T10's 85,000 stations.
Oh, guess who else is on that station, I believe.
What's all this her name?
I don't know what it used to be on the light bulb.
Joyce Calvin.
Oh, oh.
Oh, she's so, Joyce, Joyce Calvin.
I remember that, Dave.
Come on, get with it, man.
She was on with Norma Kent.
Never had Miss, Miss, Mr. Ego.
And Nick Lawrence?
Oh, yeah.
And who's that other little twinky that crystalline that's out with, uh,
with Mr. Ego, what's his name?
Craig.
Is that his name?
The guy that Norm, uh,
he talks about?
Yeah.
5'6'7, 0'5'60.
See, I forgot all about him.
I do know he used to look pretty good once about a time.
He really started speaking, you know.
Sometimes you see people that look pretty good.
Hi, how are you?
Oh, that guy.
I got a Brian Craig, is that his name?
Oh, no, that's his name, Brian.
Craig, I remember her.
Yeah, him.
It.
Wow.
And then of course, he has that big fact, uh, Jew attorney there, Richard Essen.
He's always seen an Essen and a Murgayon Essen, which of course means we're going to go eat.
He's just a huge ton of covered crap.
Another one of those right wing Jews.
Yeah, there's a lot of us, uh, what about the Jinty Jains?
Let's get the Jinty James show back on him.
Who's the guy that died who used to do the show without the teeth of Doug Racing Show?
Oh, yeah.
It used to be on and the...
The remisted it.
And Moffo used to be on there too, I think, before.
What the hell was his name?
Yeah, he did some shows.
Don't you remember Larry King, uh, Raisin?
No.
He didn't back on here on cable.
No.
What the hell was his name?
No.
He actually used to do the show from Flagler or Biscayne Ken Maldenwood now.
And he had no teeth.
He's the only guy I've ever seen on a...
He's doing weekly congress show and the third grade is the four jobs of...
You know, what the hell was his name?
Well, I'm going to tell you.
You talk about a very strange marketplace.
Then there's always Mickey the Great Dane.
Right?
Right?
He's still alive.
How those panties do them, by the way?
Anybody seen any good hockey this season?
Oh!
There's a matter of fact now that you mentioned that.
Now that maybe one of those services I can do, I don't have any NHL.
We got the central hockey league there on Least TV, which was here on Desperate AR.
Oh, look at this.
Desperate, of course, it's taken over from...
Myers and Devils, 2004 playoffs.
I've seen this.
He's stream-o on the best he's still or several?
Your numbers have had earlier.
He began his career with Despoit.
Before he went to Hartford.
Yeah.
Carolina.
When that franchise moved, he now in Killings.
He needed wire.
I played up with it ten minutes in an opening season.
Oh, it's on the beach.
GSP included.
What did you play by play voice?
I know who in my life.
Or we could always put on some racing from Woodbine would be good.
Some horse racing from last night.
You might get some out of there.
All right.
In fact, it's one of the first...
Well, I'm into the first race and I can say to the winner right now,
last night's first race.
And by the way, Ian Frommel, which I'm happy you won an race the other night.
But I would like that $30 horse.
The F.E. Ian probably won't respond to me anymore, you know?
I could find Ian F.E. and me two stiff horses earlier in the week.
I don't bet off there anyway in the horses.
Okay, I'm busy playing the slots like an old fag.
Anyways, a Gregory writes this fast, which we'll get to right off the top of the yard.
I want to tease this a little bit about the serious and about satellite radio.
And then there's this amazing story should already be created equal about the fact that already the...
Oh, there's Randy Wapel.
So it's Randy going to win the first race, now he won the second race last night.
72 A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to talk to the erogers.
Speaking, sir, this is he.
Yes, I am.
You're on.
I'm on. We're all on something.
So Frank.
I was running.
He, uh, air fat, uh, this fort.
Air fat still dying?
He's dying out.
Oh, there's what I'm hearing, yeah.
Yeah, so they say...
You heard it waiting for him to officially die.
They just stuck his ass in the ground.
They got tired of it.
Well, they're shooting guns up in the air.
Well, that's because they're...
I thought I'd go in the high alia.
Exactly, exactly.
Don't they understand the points to come down?
Yeah.
What goes up must come down.
That's right.
Exactly.
Anyways, that's crazy.
Well, I'm glad you discovered that there's crazy people in the Middle East.
Thanks, Vittable and Valley.
That's good.
There's crazy people like that in the Middle East.
That's why I didn't have a little Parkinson's array of things.
It referred to as just a...
He was, uh, had those trembling lips.
All crazy people like, mm-hmm, like that.
Like the Pope is another one.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Oh, here comes the first race.
The great Franks to leave.
Well, I think it's a little choked up during the call.
This may not be the race, but he's stared like Luzman last night at the time.
He's the best.
He's the best.
We have the best Franks.
It's first race, most time.
And would buy.
Or if you go inside, they've got all these slot machines, all these old ladies and fags playing them.
Under a recall, though.
Oh.
As the field swung into the stretch, the horn was seven and the recall lights were deep...
Well, we don't have time to wait for that, Frank, okay.
So, anyway, let's just take a few more calls.
I feel like, uh, like a lost child, you know?
Sometimes I feel like life is passing me by.
Where's Bill Caltor when we need him in?
We're in limbo, baby.
Do a limbo rock.
Sometimes I feel myself.
I guess we're not paying some cents up here.
The car one, I guess not quite right.
Sometimes I feel the same.
Or the same.
If the odds pass and be the ones.
Sometimes I feel the same.
Or the same.
If the odds pass and be the ones.
The one of us is the studios.
We make a little light shot.
The one of us is the studios.
The new cars are ready.
You know?
Oh, yeah.
I'll ride.
Come to me as if that's what we're going to be doing during the start of Monday, right?
Why, why, why?
Well, we got this whole new blue, blue state red state thing.
And obviously the red state's one.
And let's become part of the red state.
All right, we'll be light a lot better that way.
All right, I got Kenny Rogers, great as tips in the car.
And we can start talking some NASCAR crap and get reports from our good friend Joe Costello once in a while when he's doing this satellite thing.
NASCAR, baby, that's where it's at.
Bill Walter, we'll have him on once in a great while to confagulate.
And then Gordon John copped from Hissings, Michigan.
Yeah, ticked trickle.
Yeah, get him on there too.
See this George man, you just know wonder Greg hates you like for us.
You are just an accident waiting to happen.
Although they're going to get it on the board and you don't wait.
Forget about sports.
Okay, sports is in our past.
Sports is in the ancient distant memory.
We need to get country now.
We need to get a hill daily.
We need to get a trailer trashy.
That's what we need to get.
Trailer, track radio.
That's it.
Now you're talking.
Try that baby up.
Yeah, I wish.
A parallel.
I wish.
Same to really just a little redder in the face.
Before they got in the front row, like tip on the old me.
All they would do with Russian.
Like Mike Disney, for example.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
All right, Palli.
Thanks for the plug.
I'd like to get the role of the tracks.
No, okay, great.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, please.
Speaking.
Neil, how are you?
I was really dear for the following with Stern's one, he leaves.
Yeah.
I want your wife in the morning.
He does a great, great, great job.
Greg, we are hates George like poison.
It doesn't even want him on doing three days a week in the summertime.
Even though we kick sa�'s in the summer every year with Gary.
You don't get it.
I know that.
He does a fine job.
But the problem is that Greg doesn't like him because he's too good.
Because he wants sucker exams.
That's the main reason, of course, and of course need to rely.
So that's the way to say, let's put Maddie Bell and Gary Sarner on in the morning.
He sounds like a winner to me.
He wanted to see him up there with Ron Hershey highway.
Get him on there again with those great drop-ins used in all those great comedy bits he did.
Fresh new comedy.
Yeah, fresh new comedy from Ron Hershey highway,
who's sunny and fox hates like poison by the way.
Nice choice, son of your way.
But what are you going to do?
And you know, it's just reminded me.
Here's another thing that we can't play anymore.
Just don't on me.
Hi, this is sunny fox.
I listen to the arodges because I can hear the word.
Oh, you can't.
No, you can't.
Not anymore.
Hi, this is sunny fox.
I listen to the arodges because I can hear the word.
And that's it.
So you can't even come back to that, thanks.
And he says it so fast.
Well, that's it.
That goes to show you how we've become censored and tartored and tattered and that we're done.
The whole radio of business.
Not just commercial radio the way you know.
You just wait another few minutes to love at a clock when I give you that story.
Once we get all the other business out of the way to beat you curtain and the poll and this poll and that poll and the poll position with Gordon John Cock and all that and all that and all that and all that and all that.
And don't forget Jeff Gordon.
A lot of Gordon's in there, you know.
All of a candidate they always call him Gord.
It's enough to drive you off your Gord.
What is that?
I don't know anybody in America who's called Gord.
Do you?
No.
Gordon.
You know, but here it's Gord.
In fact, even Bud Linced the one armed Venus Demidal guy in fact he's still I think doing a P.A. and Detroit at Joe Louis Arena.
The hockey games, but he used to be one of the play by play guys for the Red Wings on a year ago and he used to call Gordie Howe.
Gord Howe.
And I thought what is that?
Gord Howe?
Nobody else used to say that.
I was told.
The great great even you know Gordie Howe, right?
Who?
Yeah.
Number nine.
Who's number six?
Oh, actually a little bullwink of last night.
Still good?
No.
Well, maybe the first disc isn't all that good.
I don't want to get Brian off the side because the intentions were great.
I enjoyed the prison a lot more.
I'm not saying that because you're asked because who needs that?
But, uh, now it was pretty.
I don't know.
Maybe it was just in its own time.
It was great, but it was just with disappointing.
There was some of the early ones I guess.
Maybe they just weren't all that funny.
Do you know that William Conrad did some of the voices on there?
No, I didn't.
He was the announcer on there.
Bill Conrad.
How do you like that?
And Edward Everharton, I'm a fractured friend.
I remember him.
That wasn't too bad.
They were puns all the way.
That was kind of a fool.
That was my favorite thing about the bulldozer show.
That was Edward Everharton, who was just a legendary.
That's what's the title.
Let's see.
Chandler and Ferris both improving.
What is this?
Oh, it's an old story.
It's an old story from 1984.
Someone's telling me.
Now, and I see this, why I get them confused now?
Because I remember this story from how many years ago, 20?
About 30, man.
No, 20.
From the Harold Nolis.
So I might have been true, but I doubt it.
Veteran television personalities, Wayne Chandler and Wayne Ferris.
Both Hospitalized December 8th is 84.
In critical condition, our improving suspect Steve Boyer,
Channel 7 of the Summit Editor, Chandler, WSVN's Weekend Weatherman.
He had totally heated the weather right here in a weekend.
Did not wait, Chandler.
Right.
Was seriously injured in a head-on crash taking North Miami General Hospital,
where he's now listed in the Surrey Hospital Hospital condition.
And the good news is, they stitched up five different places
and he's still alive in Hollywood, Nolis.
Well, as close to it as close as it is to be possible living in Hollywood.
Ferris, Channel 7 in January, to be tabulated,
enjoyed Bonita Springs Radio Station, W-E-V-U, Channel 26,
as Vice and then the Surrey ends right there.
So he also got in some kind of a benign,
I don't know if Wayne Ferris is still alive.
Although, a headline here says,
Chandler and Ferris both improving, now that was 20 years ago.
But if they got the luck of a lesser air fart,
they could, you know, see around another 56 years.
I don't know, Wayne Ferris left me kind of limp.
He was okay.
But Bill Ross, I bet he's dead.
He was a big fat guy.
In fact, guys, you know, what happens to them?
They do.
You don't remember Bill Ross?
I bet that somebody remembers Big Fat Bill Ross.
See, everybody's always like a weekend weather guy
or like a backup weather guy.
And everybody, I know that's been in town
a long time, I remember Big Fatty on Channel 4.
Kind of like a torpedo voice like Tommy in production.
He kind of talked about that.
Kind of like Geltie.
Hey, Knell.
But I liked Big Fatty.
He was good.
Kind of felt comfortable that old Channel 4 crowd.
You know, weaver and, were even around for Edneck.
Never tell you the time I called Ralph Rennick after one of his shows.
No.
He didn't edit to a rock.
He used to do edit to a good guy that made a good news be yours.
He was very ponderous.
He talked like a 45 RPM record at about 37.
Like he was off speed a little bit.
But anyway, I called him up.
It was an editorial he did about, I don't know,
something about those damn Cubans or something like that.
And I actually called a newsroom at Channel 4 and I got him on a phone
because he, he listened to me.
I guess I was on W.S. News back in those days when I was really popular with the old crowd.
Now they hate me like poison all the old parts and I'm on a van.
So, haha, too bad.
Although most of the old parts of those days they're pushing updates.
What a shame.
My audience.
And I congratulate him.
I said great job.
He was very appreciative.
He was very nice, very friendly.
Of course he was sober at the time.
Now I say I shouldn't say that.
There are people who have been known, like you mentioned our friend Renniery before.
He worked for Disney Broadcasting.
So, my community passed broadcasting.
So as a result he used that little flask in his pocket.
We all coped our own way.
That is correct.
And I like Renniery.
He was a good guy.
He was misunderstood.
A lot of people thought he was like, I don't know, kind of like Bizarre or like,
I'm not how to describe it.
I mean, he was unusual.
But then again, how we all in this business.
But he was a good guy.
And he recalled a tie, called him a couple of times on the show on his station.
And he said, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Dumbledore, your boss, your boss.
Dumbledore, your boss.
Dumbledore, your boss.
Dumbledore okay.
Dumbledore, your boss.
Dumbledore, your boss.
last time I heard he was still alive and Wayne first hit that place.
Wayne first is then.
Yes, sir.
You're right on the channel 7 meter there.
You got it to you very suddenly.
I was there from 82 to 94.
Really?
You worked there?
Yes, sir.
What did you do there?
I was an engineer.
Oh.
Then you went to know all these people.
Yeah, I did the audio in the morning for the new show with Bill Ross when he worked with
Denise White.
Right.
Which is one of the few people from 70's.
I actually showed up at the funeral.
Now, who else was a channel 7 back in those days?
Who were the news people?
Steve on the narrows.
Steve on the narrows.
He's on the narrows.
Oh, my God.
He was on.
Yeah, he's left on my heart.
He was in the web.
He's on Christian.
He's on Pax.
Wow.
He was a sports guy.
He turned to Christ.
He said, oh, yes, he did.
He said, oh, Christ.
Thanks for the good news, Ballet.
Yes, sir.
Say hi to all our good friends.
The ones who are still alive at channel 7.
Not to me.
Well, I think he's going to be a good guy.
They got all those modiculnies with cheese.
Oh, whatever happened to the speaker of that.
Whatever, I had a little Brian Andrews.
That butterfly.
Where the hell did she want it?
I thought she was going to see somewhere in New York.
Remember that?
Yeah.
You know, Aaron's got a great show.
Yeah.
Last thing we heard that Brian Andrews say to Adam was,
Hey, boy, what's that in your mouth?
Remember that?
And by the way, Adam's still an interested Brian.
Was that Brian that had the hots for Adam?
Or was that Ben Stewart?
Both?
Oh, both of them, really.
How's the end doing?
Oh, we're fine.
We're in Idiot, Danny.
Josh Moore would like to beat the crap out of you
and believe me, could with one finger,
with both hands tied behind his back.
Like to give you a karate chop that had you idiot.
That was so bad that day.
Why did you bring him in?
Who?
Ben Stewart, the day he was trying to drag all
the public in downtown Fort Lauderdale.
Well, that's not exactly what I call a very good description
of where.
See, this is your idea, right?
Is there something like that?
Well, the party came and then told me
and I wrote it down and said that.
Who came in and told us?
Oh, so what the hell is he know?
He's probably hanging around the fresh fruit department.
God, it's wrong with you.
So, a mad dog's going to be doing it.
And then why is that?
Well, what is, I mean, I see it on the schedule
and then I get the comment in my mind
is one question.
Why?
Why is my dog?
Our sports ace doing the show at the publics.
I mean, I love publics.
Don't get me wrong.
I will certainly go to the minion.
And it's definitely no wigmans.
Boy, do I love wigmans.
In fact, yeah, I'm going to do them going to hop on that fairy.
I love it.
I think they stop running that thing.
That fairy.
You know, the one that goes across Lake Ontario, though.
The hell kinds of...
Yeah, they opened, they started their fairy
from Toronto to Rochester.
Can they back there?
Canadian fairy.
Oh, we got so many.
Wow.
Holy moly.
I mean, even I can't quite relate to this.
But seriously, they had this ship
that was running back and forth across the lake.
It's not, I guess, it's like an hour and a half or something like that.
And they had all kinds of problems with it,
and then the ship itself had a problem.
I don't know whether that thing is still going.
And of course, part of the problem was a lot of people from Rochester
wanted to come here.
But who from Toronto wants to go to Rochester?
What are we going to do there?
Smell the lilacs?
Huh?
What are you going to do there?
With all due respect to the city in which I was born in strong memorial hospital
of November 5th, 1942.
Do you know I got a birthday card from my rich aunt?
No money in it.
No, I was going to ask.
No, I'm not sure I was on making a few bucks.
She's a...
That's the same one I was charging my mother rent.
Oh, by the way, I sold my mother's place.
Aren't you excited about that?
What are you told me so?
I never went in there again after she died.
I mean, I wanted to, but I have these people who are...
These friends have wanted to think I'm emotional cripple or something.
I wouldn't have faced me in the least bit.
But what have been the point?
Yes, they didn't want to see me dance on the carpet or something.
I don't know.
They didn't want to rifle through her touch.
Can you see if there's anything good in there?
They already did that.
I don't know what they found.
They were all dogs collar.
Somebody mentioned something about a butt plug.
I don't know what that meant.
Okay, 10.56.
We killed this first hour.
I started, you know, it's like we just sat down, you know.
I was a little bit worried when you told me that bad news
about the bus turn being on today and doing a take show.
No, this...look, it doesn't work.
Okay, it doesn't work for me.
In fact, I think I'm going to call up Tonja
for one of these days very soon.
And really, I'm going to unload all the real truth
about what's going on here in this radio station,
because it's a freaking nightmare.
And good people are getting abused and used and screwed
and they're all these conflicting deals being made.
I think pretty soon we're going to have to start broadcasting
in stereo.
I'm serious.
I'm going to have to have like two shows on simultaneously
because Greg's got somebody contracts with somebody
different people.
In addition to which, in stereo, he's going to bail out
any day anyway.
What's the point, right?
What was it all about?
Alfie.
Well, let's get Alfie on.
He's dead.
And he's healthy dead?
Who?
See that clearly to show you what a punk you are.
Alfie.
He used to be on WK.
He used to be Mickey Danes.
Beard or whatever that told him.
Never heard Alfie.
Don't know Alfie.
You know, IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all the
aspects of your life.
Boy, there's nothing worse than the old IRS.
They take a toll on you financially, physically, emotionally.
You can never really forget about those IRS problems
every morning when you wake up at a cold sweat.
You're like in a total panic and rightfully so.
CPH, any buck wall, then the buck wall tax firm can help
end your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind.
That's why other top CPA and law firms refer their clients to the buck wall
tax firm when they have IRS problems.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all your unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Now, maybe you've got an IRS lien or a wage's levy.
Is it an I've been working on the levy?
Remember that?
No.
I think that was a Jewish song.
Is it a levy?
Maybe old payroll tax isn't penalties.
Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you owe or just need time to pay.
Whatever your IRS deal is, the buck wall tax firm will help you out.
They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees
and immediately from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you don't have to go to those paintings in the IRS meetings
because the buck wall tax firm handles all the meetings and discussions
you don't even have to get involved.
So whether you owe a thousand, ten thousand a million bucks in IRS taxes,
whatever it is, the buck wall tax firm can help you.
Call them today, 9-5-4-575-2800.
That's 9-5-4-575-2800 for free consultation
or you can visit them on the web at irsfreedham.com
and stop waking up at a cold swivel of the IRS hanging over your ass every day.
Call them today, there's no obligation to get the Milky Off your back.
9-5-4-575-2800.
You are a single meal, Roger.
You are a single meal, Roger.
You are a single meal, Roger.
On the 5th of August, you are a QAM.
Friday, you bastard.
Hold up at the voting box.
We don't got no civil rights.
We are agent, they're in part with the way to Warren site.
You can push your jails file when they post a video trial.
We democracy, where are you?
We believe, or pretend,
but we believe, and gracefully,
because of my seed.
But you see, John Kelly,
who to much like Frank with a tiny game in mind
are a common amazing hot as the size of the price.
If you can't afford insurance, then just go ahead and die.
That way, have a new board, right?
Right by the means of our Jesus Christ.
We democracy, where are you?
Okay, it's 11 o'clock, three boys and girls.
If you're just doing it now, think of the show started 11 a day.
Boy, did you miss the first hour or what?
Oh, man.
Because the stern was on tape today,
because he had the day off for whatever reason.
We didn't get the day off,
but then again, we're not big shots like that, you know?
Right? Right.
So we didn't get the day off.
So as a result, from 10 o' 4 until 11 o'clock,
we filled very well, by the way,
had some tremendous calls.
In fact, I would say the calls we had in that hour,
I held a lot better than what we had yesterday.
So you didn't remind me yesterday, it was a holiday.
Sorry, I forgot.
So what we had with the miserable lifeless shut-ins yesterday,
those are the ones that called over and over and over again.
And they won't hear from some of them again today.
We already did, as a matter of fact, your boyfriend, Reverend Jones,
who will be murdered next time I come back to town, by the way.
Not that, Dr. S.
Oh, do you really? What's his love letter?
No, I don't have it on you.
Oh, you do have it. Good.
We're going to start publicizing him.
Okay, in fact, we're going to get him beat to a bloody pulp
because he's just so far over the top.
And his boyfriend too.
Yesterday's poll, 1940 votes were trying to figure out
if this Blue State Red State thing.
And this poll proved absolutely nothing.
Although we never got 2,000 votes on it.
Right? So we can get a lot of votes.
1944, where are you originally from?
Blue State, 950.
Living and breathing people like Raksit to New York
where they got the lie-lots in Cobb's Hill
and the 12th corner is in Monroe Avenue
and they got nothing else.
Blue State, 950.
Red State, 626.
Whatever happened to Vick and Herbs, by the way?
I give you a least a little ear and four lot of day.
Remember Vick and Herbs originally from Rochester?
We had almost a sponsor briefly.
But I think of a lot of people, whatever happened to.
Of course, we got a lot of liars in here, like Yuri Sarner
and Todd Dreck.
Red State, 626.
Cuba, 110.
110 people who listed this show,
well, that's like a little slice of it percentage-wise.
It's 5.5% of this audience are originally from Cuba.
Cuba, like you, like me or other Latin America, 109,
which covers a lot of territory from Mexico to Guatemala
to Panama to Peru to Brazil, Venezuela, Honduras.
You got that one?
Sure.
What ever happened to you?
It's about like a sada.
Come on.
I just like saying that.
And that's the way she used to say it to just to piss off all of those fingers
and see accomplished it.
It's about like a sada.
Because not a lot of people are saying that.
It was a kid who raised X-Wife with a big ass Anna as a squeak.
She's another one who used to talk, Spangless Baby Talk.
Luckily, we don't have too much going on anymore.
Let's see.
Now, what does this say?
Visit this site London Daily Con and read the article alert.
It's unbelievable.
What is it about?
It says, you made a note on here.
It's a little article written by a guy that tried to fly into the United States
from Brazil or something like that.
It's a very engineering businessman and upstanding citizen and what happened to him.
His accounting of it.
Yeah.
It's interesting to, you know, for during a break.
Give it a look.
See if it's worth it.
Okay.
I'll put that over there.
I'll put it in my pile of during a break.
Take a peek at this.
Let's see.
Other right in America, 109.
You're up 74.
We got 74 people from Europe.
I wonder how many of them smell good.
Canada, 54.
54, Canadian Z.
And 51.
And Asia, 24.
1953 people logged in.
Here's today's poll before we knew the, or should we do the vegan curtain first?
See, I'm so thrown off by this whole thing this morning starting at 1004.
That was crap.
That was pure on a cultivated crap as well as what it was.
Pure on an adult-a-rated crap.
Generally, an olin is our vegan curtain chick today.
She was born of November 29.
Which means she's got a birthday coming up.
How do you like that?
It's your birthday.
It's your birthday.
Let's play a little...
Oh, Gene Lee.
What do you say?
All right.
Gene Lee, a no-lin, that makes her 33 coming up on the 29.
Gave Starbucks gift cards to her wedding guests.
Isn't that nice?
Ah, that's sweet.
Anyway, she looks pretty good.
The minute she looks pretty sweet.
She's in Baywatch, Hawaiian wedding, the TV movie.
The flunky, Shina, TV series Shina.
Was that from the Shina Alps?
The Underground Comedy movie.
Baywatch, White Thunderbird, a glacier bay.
Oh, she was in Baywatch, the series.
Gene Lee, no-lin.
I don't remember her.
Her hair.
I remember what's his name.
I'm like whatever his name was.
That was her little girl.
Julia Wanky.
Well, they woke up.
What was his name?
Julia Warlock?
Warlock.
How come you remember that?
George, oh, you know.
The great American celebrity's spelling bee.
Oh, she's been a lot of stuff.
Look at that.
G-phoria, Miss Universe pageant.
That's incredible.
MTV Your Music Awards, Rock'n'Roll, Rock'n'Jot,
Basketball.
The price is right.
What does that mean?
The price is right, 1972.
She was like one year old.
What does that mean?
I don't understand that.
And a whole bunch of stuff.
Something about the Sharon Osborne show.
Also on with Howard Stern.
Look at that.
Here you go.
Genelea Nolan.
Take a picture of like it.
Or if you don't like it, you're probably a fag.
Okay, here's the deal.
I forgot everything.
Oh, here's today's pool.
What we've done this one before, but I'm such a sour mood
the last couple of days.
Well, this is a radio station.
A whole operation of where things are going.
See, I would say it's for the South Lod audience.
They have to vent and they're frustrated and they're angry
after the election.
Which a lot of people are.
But we've done this in various forms.
Where is it?
Oh, here it is.
The radio TV or movie celebrity you hate the most.
An underlying hate.
Not dislike, but hate.
Radio TV or movie celebrity can be anybody.
It can be us.
It can be anybody you want.
I don't care.
And I didn't have any names on here originally.
I made this out.
But I saw on King last night.
I was channel surfing and I was on it for like two seconds.
Dr. Phil.
Mm-hmm.
One of my favorite people.
Dr. Phil.
Larry, you're such an ass sucker.
Man, you're disgusting.
You're grotesque.
So, Mayor Merkel and his lips don't pop off.
And Bill O'Reilly, those are the two I put on the first started.
Ooh, I wanted Bill O'Reilly.
Well, there you go.
Dr. Phil and Bill O'Reilly.
I'm sure the audience will have many, many more to add.
Radio TV movies.
Now.
No.
W.A.M. Hello.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've had just about enough of that crap.
Okay, Mike.
There's Mike calling from the other side.
We could play that.
In honor of our close friend, Mike Winnery, who was a good guy,
one of the really, uh, here it is.
I've been a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
It was great.
He was one of the, uh, Triton.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
And you know, they screwed him over there too.
No, at least.
You see the good people in this business,
have you stick around long enough, what you did?
You want to get in the screw, Bill.
Although, uh, and go, you know what it reminds me of?
It's like, it's like Mr. H with, uh, with the, uh,
this whole wants that deal.
The guy has a horrible season.
He sticks the joint out.
Everybody despises him.
And he assigns him for two more years,
and then cans him.
In mid-season after another disaster that anybody
a blind man could predict it.
And the same with Winnery.
They just signed up another year,
and then Bob Green calls me in that one morning.
I'm going to try something.
I'm going to let Mike go.
We're going to let Mike go.
And then they put on a great checkmire in New Show,
with those great phone interviews.
Oh boy.
Who doesn't seem to know who wouldn't have been for me
if I had just supported that show.
A lot of work wouldn't have been for me.
Yeah.
We're going to talk to the fact that it was boring,
and it sucked.
Who had a QAM?
Hill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
Yeah, you want pretty phone.
Yep.
Rush Limbaugh.
All right.
Winchoy's pali here.
Get a lot of hope.
Pill Pop and Rush.
Yeah, let's get a lot of names on his polo case over the weekend.
You can look on here,
and you're like, ah, yeah, yeah,
hit all those people.
Hi, everybody.
Because after this election, man,
after this thing got stolen.
And you know who let us down with Stern?
Howard Stern was going to make sure Carrie got elected.
Didn't do it, howie.
It's too busy worrying about yourself, man.
Not about the human race.
That's very sad.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I got one for you, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Bill, come on.
Miss Kamala.
Okay, Bill Kamala.
Since you don't have enough problems.
Miss Kamala.
Weather for you, Jr.
Not no more.
See, she got all that exposure during the hurricanes.
WQAM, hello.
I'm coming right.
WQAM, hello.
I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
How's it going?
I've been saying, I've been saying,
I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I
I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I've been saying, I
would make sure. I'd drive. Sorry and started year 2, I would make sure. I would make sure. I would make sure,
please the baked out for you is just a lot of the what you know the baked out
stairs lobby of our building was just the uh yeah right i think it's a
um credit you say you mean it was just rob yeah hold on tell me on the way
I'll go that in there in the middle of the spot there okay
top of the park of last seven ninety pull the right and power line would call
nine five four nine seven two two thousand for the current racing schedule
or on the web it's top of the park dot com horse power you can plunge your guts
up you're listening to Neil Roger gets you lose him later on by six
i'd you time happiness peace a sense of what you're talking about
I'm going to sell for a reason it comes from the inside out it doesn't come from
the outside in
don't believe
i feel what
they want
just
here
yes
oh
the
of
You do so love your own family.
But what makes you think that you do have the right to judge him for getting a funeral
for you to run wild into a studio?
If you give him info, sign by, while he screams and pour hot sweat
of my heart, he's lost their very human shoes.
I can feel peace just hanging down.
Your freaking surface clouds try to handle things like your friend old bro.
That's crazy.
I can feel style.
It'll be time to go away.
I can feel style.
Just leave and take your sun, Jay.
Or look who's off to the races in our pool.
What a shock.
Maybe we'll miss you to give him a arsenic.
Rudrash Limbaugh, he's off to other races on that.
What's the TV radio or movie celebrity who hate them most?
Hate the spies.
See, Bill Riley to me and I can only speak personally because I don't watch Fox.
He's a small potato.
What is he's much to do about nothing?
He's just a big bag of wind.
He rubs me the wrong way.
I can't say anything.
But I don't watch him.
I don't pay any attention.
I think he's highly overrated.
And not nearly as many people would be talking about Bill Riley.
We're not for the fixation of Al Franken with the Bill Riley.
If Al Franken would have worked hard around defeating George Bush as opposed to showing
everybody the Bill Riley's a foam sex.
Who cares?
He's just a...
And take a look at the radio waiting.
He's even show up in his last book.
He's got an O-point O now.
Oh, Riley.
Really tearing Russia's audience to pieces.
Not.
Anyway, let's get to the important story.
I've stalled off long enough now.
Yesterday at the end of the show I had this face from Gregory and Krohlsprings
who was beyond chronic.
I mean, just obsessive.
It means well, but bap bap bap bap.
You know, fear Mr. R.
Forget serious.
XM has three times the subscriber base.
They're now...
They now feature Opian Anthony on a $95 Centima premium channel.
You could make an awesome addition and create a radio blockbuster.
Before you say no, remember you once told me that pay radio would never work.
Yeah, I told you that before we realized there was long before this whole chilling thing
with the Janet Jackson booby and with all the censorship that...
And we had all of our bits taken away.
You can't say crap and make farts on the...
And you know something?
It would never have worked.
I mean, it would be some people with it and some people have already bought it.
A lot of people are buying an anticipation of steering going on.
And I'm serious, for example.
And Opian Anthony would still be on as a matter of fact.
We're not for all this censoring right wing crap that's going on.
But anyway, it says, now I have two XM radios and many of my friends have them at home
and their cars and their offices says Gregory and Krohlsprings.
Well, based on the fact that my agent is a dunderhead, a bonehead,
who's busy ordering pizza burgers, I'm never going to be on serious or XM or anything.
Except this got for Sigma AM station, that's it.
Two years or less to go and that's it.
Greg.
Gregory.
Or Greg.
But here's the important story that just came in just coincidentally.
Greg may have been a little bit psychic.
They were not realizing it.
Okay, wait till you're this.
Gregory and Krohlsprings and everybody else.
Should all radio be created equal?
It's on FMQB, which is in the industry of your website.
Solavines.
Solavines.
Oh, boy.
Solavines, Mount Wilson FM broadcasters has petitioned the FCC to include an indecently provision
in the rules of the govern satellite radio.
I wonder if Murray Levine didn't eat dying.
Butler?
Oh, poor Murray.
He was a good guy.
Passing screwed him over bad.
Levine's argument is that satellite radio is not heard exclusively by subscribers.
That is to be subject to the same rules as TREFUER radio.
I'll tell you well screwed him over real bad with that RON or RATFINK wolf man.
What a bitch he is.
The key is to have a little playing field of ENTOL FMQB.
The FCC has the authority to regulate satellite radio.
In fact, already does regulate it in two respects.
The EEO requirements of the applied radio stations also apply satellite radio.
And the rules on political broadcast also apply to both.
The FCC said back in 1997 that when an authorized satellite radio they would revisit at a later time
additional regulations.
Levine noted that he's not trying to curb Howard's stir and to curb anybody.
We're just saying that whatever rules apply to, I should apply to them too.
He continued.
Their defense is that they are 100% subscription and therefore only people who want to hear of C-Manguage will hear it,
but they're not 100% subscription.
They make it available to car rentals without any charge, and they're no controls on it.
Families rent cars, they can pick it up.
It's a misconception that satellite radio is subscription radio is not true.
The FCC said they can sell advertising or have subscriptions they can do either.
So it's not subscription only.
It's not 100% commercial free.
It's going to be available to miners.
So the bottom line is we're not trying to impose any censorship on satellite radio that isn't already there on terrestrial radio.
You see what this is going?
Levine's petition was filed November 5th on my birthday, in the less even adding insult to injury,
and asked that the FCC open a notice and proposed rulemaking that would mandate that no satcaster
should transmit any material which is obscene, and that indecent material should be prohibited between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m.
just as it is on terrestrial radio.
It could take three months, three years before the FCC would rule out or act on the petition Levine said.
So they already got the balls rolling.
How do you like that?
They've already got the ball rolling.
So they can censor this, and then of course once they do that, then they'll move on to cable TV,
which they're already indicated they're how to trap for that.
They want to censor everything man, these fascists.
So wouldn't this be a slap in the face?
After stereo makes this big sound and they answer, oh he's going to serious,
and he made a big dog and pony show out of it and the big announcement and all this other...
And wouldn't that be something if he can't do or say any more and they have to wonder
if dumping it all out like they do now on terrestrial radio?
Wouldn't that be something?
That be something?
But it looks like that's the direction things are going.
I would be shocked if this fails to go through.
Because when you got the sand brown backs of the University of Alexandria
and of course you said that Democrats rule over and played dead.
You know John Kerry and John Edwards and Ted Kennedy and Chris Dodd,
all of these other balls you live with, they just rule over and play dead.
Because nobody wants to be seen as being on the side of defending in decency.
Russ Finegold, Democrat from Wisconsin, he was the only one in the Senate that voted against it.
I know when he took it to the House of Representatives this in decency,
finding $80 trillion every time you fart on the air, it's like, oh, $391 to $22 was the vote or something like that.
Nobody up there's got any balls in DC, that's why Bush is in again.
Because the rest there were a bunch of spineless cowards.
Like that so he has bald headed geek James Carvella that sits there on Crossfire every day.
Like now he doesn't sit in the chair and he shakes himself.
He doesn't even know what to say anymore because he's such an idiot.
And it's pretty obvious from all the articles I'm reading that it was Carvella and Bob Schrum and the old Clinton crowd.
They're the ones that helped Kerry beat in this election. How do you like that?
Stupid ass bastards.
Carvella's on here about the $200 million for a rap.
And he's trying to say $200 billion and he said that one day I'll never forget that show as long as I live.
It's a horrible show anyway.
Crossfire with Bob Novak who ought to be in jail and Mr. Mother Tucker Carlson who would have this little pansy bow tie.
But $200 million and we're talking about $200 billion okay?
And nobody corrected him and he wanted to know why he's nobody cares because nobody watches that crap.
He said a bunch of old shut in housewives and me.
Okay, we're going to bunch of names on the pool here but I just thought I would feed you that story because it's a very important story.
And it goes to sure already these seedlings have been planted okay?
Deep inside the go broadcasting.
To make sure that satellite radio isn't anywhere near what you think it's going to be.
Sure, it seems like a real rocket.
It's squishing.
And it's going to be a real rocket.
It's going to be a real rocket.
Friday you bastard.
Good.
Rushes are junky dead.
Oh no, no that was pre-strived.
Medication.
I go with the bus.
Rushes are junky dead.
Oh, I was meditation.
Four bites back here.
I shut the game.
Now it's five hours until the day I had a killing of six feet.
You're right for a wonderful way.
Rushes are junky.
Rushes are junky.
ブレス are soldiers.
Wow,yes,that was a good idea.
It was a good idea just to spread the sound of the devil.
So walking we're all showing you a little guidance made by my friends.
All schools remain broken.
I'm off to the home of the list now!
I'm off to the home of the list now!
I'm off to the home of the list now!
I'm getting one vote out of four. He's got almost 60% of him rush.
They hate him like poison man.
59 votes.
The radio TV or movie celebrity who hate the most.
Rush 59, Dr. Phil 17, Villa Riley 12.
Miss Kamala, she's got seven.
Now, as you went ahead and put names on here
because OJ Simpson is not a radio TV or movie celebrity,
okay? Movies from the past 85 years ago.
Why did you put that on there?
Because it's on that box that I just said.
Yeah, exactly.
First of all, what's on movie Acheon?
Well, not a lot of seriously.
I'm not talking about that kind of movie.
No, see, then get out of here.
That's true.
Is he able to TV show now?
Yeah, he's a simple life.
Is it the second season?
He does?
Yeah.
Paris Creek and Hilton have a little bit of...
He'll know.
Okay, but OJ don't belong on there.
He'd like movies.
Yeah, he made a couple of movies once upon a time
so did Edward G. Robinson, okay?
All right, we'll take that one.
Okay, whatever you say.
All right, fine.
No, they don't put OJ on there.
I don't think he belongs on there.
He's not on movie celebrity.
Just because he made some movies a long time ago.
But if you want to say OJ, that's fine because I hit him more than you do.
I'm sure.
Just the listed names is all we got in these facts is you're saying me.
Just the listed names.
And what else is there?
Let's see, Miss Kamala, seven, OJ, two and coders got a pair.
Nobody's ever touched them though, except maybe Miss Fudge.
Arles Schwarzenegger's got two impressive known having.
The simple life, my ass.
Oh, Sean Hannity, that's a good one from our friend Alan.
In the keys, Sean Hannity.
It's another bag of right-wing pus.
I'm speaking of right-wing pus to effectively fight terror.
I had an idea here.
You've thrown a ballonny Minwood dumbbell.
The dumbbells at the other word.
It's the B and B of brothers.
They're bush and blare.
They're blare's trying to save his ass and he's there.
Licky, Licky's got his head so far.
Bush is back there.
Remember, look at that.
Let's swear.
I just saw a blare's tongue cut out of Bush's mouth.
Five, six, seven, O, five, six, you.
We're going to make many names on the pool here today.
That thing about satellite radio is very disconcerting.
And of course, like I said, Norma Kinsbizzi ordering pizza burgers.
Hey, Norma, you're an idiot.
Let's face it.
I got a weird good idea, Norma.
Why don't you go call up the president.
You can't get through to the abesley people.
They won't talk to you.
I want you to call up president Bush.
Maybe he can handle all your affairs for you.
You knit with you.
You're simple.
And you silly person.
Look what a great chap he did for you, though, George.
Hello, no.
You got one hell of a deal.
Somebody cue I in, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got one for the pool.
Yes, sir.
Richard Gear.
Because he likes to go to Home Depot.
Okay, great.
He likes to go to Home Depot, huh?
Pick it on poor Richard Gear.
There's one for you.
Richard Gear.
Another one of your people, little silly, fanglish guy.
The party English, were you, okay?
What?
Richard Gear.
Richard Gear.
He's not a movie star.
Yeah, he's got a spick, though.
No, I'm talking about the collar.
Not Richard Gear.
He's one of my people, so they say.
And I would do the one he part of.
Richard Gear.
Can he act?
Does he look good?
No.
Does he got talent?
No.
But other than that, he's done him.
It kind of reminds me of Tom Hanks.
Yeah, that new animated movie with Tom Hanks.
And just one more example about some of these people.
They just want to, like, they're all over your life.
And you just drown in the sea of a fill in the blank.
Tom Hanks, he's everywhere, you know?
Everybody QA and hello.
Hey, how are you, all the way down?
Yes, sir.
Hi, all the way down.
You're a big hero, buddy.
Okay, great.
Everybody QA and hello.
Hey, did you guys catch a 75-year-old ABC?
Yes, I'm up 30 seconds of it.
And I saw Tom Hanks face nice switch back to the other channel I was watching.
Well, the problem, I'm just wondering why the FTC isn't coming down on them
or having all the F-bombs and everything.
Sir, there were several stations that didn't carry yesterday
because they were afraid that the FCC would.
And if you think that that's a good idea, well, I'll see you in Germany, okay?
On the east side.
So here's another guy.
It doesn't understand that President Lincoln's got a bad headache.
So far behind the times, man, what?
You people read a newspaper, a book, our website.
And by the way, speaking of our website, I'm going to tell you right now
since today is the day I really do.
I keep saying I'm promising I'm going to do this.
I'm just throwing it all out there.
You know, George and I and Josh and Eric,
we've put a lot of effort into like putting all those stories on there.
We're just spinning our wheels.
Yeah, all they want to see is the boobies.
That's all you got to genuinely know it on today.
And they can picture, you know, which is a good picture, by the way,
but nevertheless, it felt like a million websites.
You can see boobies on it.
Right.
Hey, you see a lot more than that.
Yeah.
But the fact of the matter is putting all these stories on there,
like assuming that you people are reading them, you're not.
You're not.
In fact, when you go to our Alexa stats right now, okay?
Okay.
Can you handle it?
Mm-hmm.
And we have had a big upturn, of course.
That was because the election, it's starting to drop back down now.
But in the couple of weeks leading up to the election and that week and all of that,
oh yeah, there was all this fantastic amount of interest.
And we zoomed way up there to the highest level.
We've ever had to ratings, you know, considering really on one little tiny radio station
here with a really bad signal.
Let's see, the rank, what's our rank?
This is of the Alexa viewers.
Our rank is 50 years from anyway.
Forget about that.
56,000.
Which isn't really that bad out of the millions of websites.
A reach for million users 30, which is also pretty good.
What was it again?
PAPTURITY MAN!
Well, I never played that bit for that guy.
He's probably paled play after the next break.
Sorry about that pal.
Page views per user.
Okay, in other words, the average number of pages that the average person that goes on our website looks at 1.4.
Are you impressed by that?
All right.
1.4.
So in other words, that means after they looked at the Dimely Nolan today,
they'll look at four tens of a page in the rest of it.
Well, there's the main page and then the page they click on to get to the V to curtain.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's it.
So we're just wasting our time with all these bedtime stories and thinking people are going to read this stuff.
That's America for you.
Americans don't want any.
They're happy with the problem they get.
They're delighted.
They're not going to waste their time on the internet.
Yeah, that's right.
You're working with the presents every day.
Oh, it's stopping up your butt.
You slowly constipated, twitch, grit, you idiot.
Isn't it past T-Time?
Have some crumpets you faggot.
God, almighty is he a piece of turd.
He eats.
Tony Blair.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hi.
I wonder if his wife is screwing around.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, you?
All right, Pally.
Hey, what's the deal with satellite serious?
I don't know.
I missed it.
What's going on with that?
I can't believe it.
I'm out of town for a couple days and all of a sudden there's something else to be pissed about.
The deal is that there's a group of broadcasters already are petitioning the FCC to impose the same regulations on satellite radio that we have on regular over the last two days.
I'm not going to be kidding.
What do you mean I got to be kidding?
Why did you don't expect this in today's America?
Oh, man.
Listen, you know what?
I want to say something.
You're not censoring out a bunch of stations saving Ryan's privates?
Yeah, listen.
Don't give up, okay?
Because me, my wife, we read your website.
It's great information.
There's people out there.
But nobody else does.
Nobody else does.
If they want to get the truth about what's going on, just like during the election, if everybody in America would have registered being on Earth, carry what a one in a landslide.
Yeah, but everybody's looking at boobies, man, because they're all sexually repressed Americans.
Yeah, that's true.
But I got to tell you something, man.
The Democrats party needs to pull it together.
They say they need to go from being very pulling in their race stock.
They never credit party needs to like just be a party.
They need to sign a law that's a matter of time.
I see a no-man though.
They need to pull it together because they don't...
They're not going to do that.
That's all I can say about a man.
I should be here.
All right.
Just hang in there.
Okay, Polly.
All right.
Thank you.
Glad to see you.
How are we going to do it?
Five six, seven, eight, five six, seven, eight, five, six, ten, nine, nine, nine, nine, nine, nine, nine.
They're going to do everything in their power to make sure that you can't be entertained in the fashion that you want.
And always the excuse is, oh, it's a children, the children, about poor children.
They're going to hear those words.
Words that they don't even use anymore because they're passing.
You know, they've got new words.
They're their own.
That's okay.
That's the kind of country that you've chosen, okay?
That's the Red State crowd mentality, the moral of crowd, the crowd who are behind all this buttering that's going on.
There's that butcher on my TV right now.
Hey.
Mass murderers what you are.
You make David Berker which looks like a piker is what you make him look like.
That's what the pain, that was okay.
Man, it's embarrassing to me.
Two slaughters stand inside by each right there in Washington, D.C. right now,
are responsible for all of this bloodshed and murder.
He mansions through elimination, through decapitation.
Stirring all of this crap up, lying through their teeth.
But that's okay because, generally, most of America is real happy to send somebody else's kids off to be a human sacrifice.
The Hollister, the meteorologist, mornings and midday, and...
...the work of well-known fly and fight.
Five years, huh?
Showed candidates are home and even pray.
High-possibly will knock you on your head.
Let's go, let's go.
In the shock eyes, the desire sides we may face our busy beauty.
This league is right there calling to you.
Let the dogs are your sea.
Oh, God is the tree.
Glory and air and scream.
Oh, can you believe that this is the stone to me?
Oh, can you believe that this is the stone to me?
145, we got the manned over two from public downtown for a lot of dayle.
He'll be in the fresh fruit department.
You got Hank and Eddie Kay at Caller of the South New 4 to 7.
The Humber, who had a big read court in a gym, sorry.
And Mike gets suspended for it if he does it again.
And then the big 7 o'clock night, Eddie Kay comes back for more attendance.
He'll be taken on as long as he's going to be on on Monday or if the show will be on.
Here's the fact that says I hate Bob the Boob-No-Vat.
Robert No-Vat put that piece of crap on him who belongs in jail.
Not just for the outing of Valerie Plain, but for the way he does that thing at the end of the crop.
And at Tony, oh, he's just...
He's obnoxious, disgusting, sneering, drooling, writhing pile of turd, man.
He's always like he's like a old bullfrog, like a toad.
He's an old toad.
Yeah, an old toad.
Big fat old toad. That's what he looks like.
Some philosopher once said, without a God, we're condemned to be free.
And now very well said.
I guess this tells us all we need to know about evangelical Christians and what we have to mind for rest of us.
Christ, it says, let's have a question, Marks.
In other words, Jesus Christ.
What's a crazy going and taking us down the road to hell?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, let's get some more names on the pool.
Okay, because if the more I say the more it's going to get the...
Tasty.
I mean, feeling really tasty today.
Stop feeling tasty.
When I sat down here, I mean, it wasn't bad enough that Norma can't call me yesterday.
And it's having a discussion about my future and my life and my career
while he's ordering pizza and burgers that are drive through somewhere.
Sure.
Anybody at this the 10 o'clock hour missed that story.
It's a true story.
This is a man who is so ined.
So inediotic.
Oh, he knows Joyce.
He's got a good working relationship with Joyce over here in Van Napel.
So he's going to go to the B of the Rays behind Greg's back and he's going to do this.
And he's going to...
In the meantime, not nobody will talk to him because he said to Jackass.
Because he can't swallow his pride.
Well, I could say something about that.
And whether that song when the swallow has come back to campus Toronto,
whatever it had it was...
What does it think about it?
He had done.
Don't think about that and Brian Craig in the same song.
But in any rate...
I have two pieces of a version of the opinion post and I'm trying to say something about
stirring and about serious about my life and my future.
And you know, the whole future of my little I got in time I have left.
I have two pieces of a version of the opinion post.
It was like a comedy.
But what's that thing we got about the guy that drives through?
What is that?
Which one?
Oh, I don't know.
We got a couple of those.
That's what it was like.
Huh?
Jack in the box.
No, no, not that one.
One with the guys actually, who the guy ordering and you can't understand it,
we're the same.
Oh, I know, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
Well, whatever the hell it is, that's what it was like.
Like he's reduced my existence in my career to a comedy bit.
That's what you are, Norma.
You are quizzling a silly ass bag.
5607-0560, count 560 on you for rising in singular wireless lines, okay?
Somebody QA and hello.
That's what we've lost.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Leo.
Yeah.
Hey, how you doing today?
I'm doing okay.
You've got that Bob Nolvac compression down.
Yeah.
That's fine.
How you doing?
Got it a little more, too, Jim.
First time one time, Neil.
My minping wrist and piece was a better broadcaster than Bob Nolvac.
Yeah.
That's that's saying a lot, too.
Yeah.
I just called a lot of the comedy.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Last night, I'm really sorry.
Last night turned on WPBF to see if they had the stones to air the blackheads.
Sitter our privates, yeah.
Yeah, sure enough.
They had their own little veterans tribute.
They didn't show the movie?
They did not show the movie.
Channel 10 didn't.
They didn't groward WPLG.
Well, they refused to show it.
And my dad was in Buflo, WPBW, showed it here and been Buflo.
I got on the phone and got their voice mail.
And the voice mail indicated very cheerfully.
If you have any comments about our programming press, whatever.
And they took you to a voice mail box.
And then cut you off.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
So I called back again and decided to get to lose the apartment.
And I got this individual from the lose apartment on the phone.
And you could hear all the phone lines ringing in the background.
And I started swinging.
It was like a scene out of a cartoon.
Yeah, but you were able to pick up Channel 10 from Dave and Broward?
No.
No, we got cable.
It's not on cable.
Oh, I see.
That's right.
No, we got your local affiliate.
You know, and I just told the guy, don't you realize how I realized this is?
That this movie is all about these courageous people for our freedom.
And here we are, you know, not the arrogance of the tribute to these people.
And I'm not a veteran.
I'm in my 40s.
But I just took it really, really personal in my life.
Like, why are you getting close to that?
I said, you know, I understand this.
This is just really, really upsetting.
And what a weirdo.
Well, you know what I'm told, said.
You're taking this very first.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
So, you know, and the guy says to me, well, why don't you give me your name and number.
And I'll have the general manager call you back.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That'll happen.
Yeah, I thought we knew I'd sit right there by the phone until a week from circus.
And he'll be calling you, man.
I feel like.
I just want to say, if you read in general manager, WPBF and all of it, you're powered.
And I'm ashamed to be part of your marketplace right now.
What a nice race.
Okay.
That's in Palm Beach County.
We're right away.
The living and breathing people are supposed to be those are mostly blue state crowd.
A lot of Jews, a lot of, of course, a lot of red next to, but a lot of churches, a lot of living and breathing people in Palm Beach County.
Who don't, who don't suck up the censorship craft.
See there?
They're sucking up to the NASCAR crowd.
The nose taking crowd, you know?
Yeah.
That's what Americans become.
Train or trash.
I wouldn't be surprised if Jerry Springer's on 24-7 on every channel pretty soon.
Except, of course, one of the ones that got Pat Robertson and Jerry Falball and Jan and Paul's crotch.
That's what you're going to get.
Plus, of course, a big dose of democracy.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Democracy, my ass, W.
What a jackass.
You're looking at him and just, I don't know about you, but when I look at him, I just get very angry.
I get ill.
I get, no, I get angry.
I get furious.
And I look at that and I say, it did just like that front page we got on the website there about the Daily Mirror in London.
How can 54 million, whatever the odd number is, Americans be so stupid.
59 million.
How can it be so stupid?
Well, they could have done it without the media.
Don't forget, Eric.
Leave that baby up on there, okay?
Oh, Phil Henry for the poll.
Somebody says, for you sure?
Well, evidently, it says, the more I hear him,
Phil for Bush, the anger you're getting.
What an idiotic shout out, little, um,
I can't read that word because it starts with a PR, you know?
And it isn't pride.
It's more like, um, yeah.
More like you're getting like from a Rose Bush, you know, from the Thorin and a Rose Bush.
That's what it says.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's what it is.
Well, I can say, it just feels like a prick.
That's what I always do.
That's right.
I walk by too close.
I want you so.
560, 560, 0.560 and even rising in singular wireless line.
Names for our list, the radio TV or movie celebrity,
you hate the most.
Hate the spies.
That's okay.
It's okay to hate in America because a bunch of farmers in a glamour running in the country now,
a bunch of crazy evangelical Christians, they're about to say,
how to live your life and what you can watch and what you can read and what you can think.
George Orwell will be so proud.
He was just 20 years off.
That's all.
What do we got so far?
Rush 106, Dr. Phil 38, not even a con.
Even Dr. Phil can't give a rush of one for his money.
Bill O'Reilly 23, he's small potatoes, overblown.
Oops.
And Colter 18, OJ 13.
Yeah.
He was in a few crappy movies.
You're right, but Sean Hannity's got a dozen.
Miss Kamal, he's got eight.
You believe it?
I don't want to say.
I had a lot of them.
Oh, I see.
Something to do with Brian Craig.
WNQAM, hello.
Oh, Nei, how you doing?
Okay, Palli.
Listen, I just had a comment if I can.
Go right ahead.
Take your time, man.
It's America.
I'm not sure he can still say something.
Thank goodness.
Because I want to get to comments.
And one first of all, I got to tell everyone,
I get a lot of access to international feeds from television.
Yeah.
If you could see what was really going on and the video that they're showing
in other parts of the world is opposed to the sanitized bull crowd.
We got going on here.
Well, I got the BBC right here, now as a matter of fact.
Taser, then we'll get to say the stability.
Guys, it's still, it's not.
What is it?
They showed three-year-olds with no way.
Right.
That's just amazing.
You know that the Americans would sanitize their bodies.
No, you're going to be a sanitized propaganda in American TV.
That's why the American publics have had no information.
Because the American media or a bunch of shields may all ought to be in jail.
You know what's amazing is that the course of the Vietnam War turned
because of what the Americans were seeing on the TV.
That is right.
The matter of crime was the first one to break the mold, man,
and all of a sudden the turn against it.
And once the media jumped on a bandwagon, started showing the public all of those bodies
and the coming home and body bags and tell us that the military was lying through their teeth
about change of these injuries, then all of a sudden the public jumped on the bandwagon
and turned against this.
But you don't see that happening now.
Now it's just one or a glorious cliche.
Operation glorious butchery.
What are they telling the put-on?
Are they sticking out?
I'll tell you one cliche.
I'll tell you one cliche.
I think I'd love to hear again in a variation though.
From the roof top of London, this is Edward Armoro.
You know what I mean?
Well, if he would, they'd have to put some work in him camel's man.
If he'd had a quick chain-smoking him camel, he might still be around now.
Actually it's through people's eggs.
Yeah.
He used to smoke cigarettes on the air during the show.
Who?
Edward Armoro, yes.
Could it be a cam smoker, man?
I know.
I've never got really the chance to see him at all.
That's why he's pushing crazy.
That's why he's driving this day's increasing.
I know the history and to be quite honest, the sanitized bull crap that we're getting makes you...
You notice when somebody tries to grow a little pear like Dan Rather is somebody right away
they try to get him fired.
They shove him back into a room closet.
They postpone that documentary about how to fake reasons we got into the war in the first place.
And then CNN comes along with this expose about the Saudis and make sure that the Sunday after the election is all over with.
I was a cameraman at Afghanistan.
As of September 19th, I was already there.
I spent months over there for Fox News.
I worked for weeks on a story trying to prove who's that complicity in the early days of the war
and they weren't supposed to be with us.
You know, we're ex-communists.
We finally got the footage of the air force and then they pooped Hannah's story.
Three weeks, Neil, three weeks chasing down an air force base and they pooped Hannah's story.
They cut her blowing up a whole town and they never aired the footage.
And it pissed me off so much that when it asked me to go to Iraq, I said, no way, Jack.
Good choice.
It's a different thing, Neil, to like risk your life and to tell the story that needs to be told
so that people can see what's going on.
You already know the story's not going to be told here.
That's the problem.
But it's not going to be told.
Good luck you're back, man.
I'll see you at the border.
Yeah, I'll take it easy.
All right, get out of here.
Well, he's emotional.
He's whipped up to a friend of you.
He's seen it.
He knows it.
He knows where it's at.
Let him 57 to Q.A.M.
He's a Neil Rogers.
It's a Los Angeles.
I'm by six.
You, Ian.
The paper is dumb and Dave wants that.
It's dumb.
It's dumb.
It's dumb.
It's dumb.
It's dumb.
It's dumb.
Oh, it's a problem on our...
Then we've heard...
I haven't heard...
Don't forget...
There has been a first-time stop girl...
Like David Jones...
There's both a suit by stranger...
And there'll be a thought who's online...
Since the passion of the Christ and the world...
The hands of the humor.
Beverly in the woods with a good sense of humor, man!
Like Meyers Jim Kari.
Right?
Right, right.
I was Canadian, Jay.
Come on, come on with a few more now.
Oh, it's for back.
Now, I've got a few.
Well, what's funny about him?
Don Candy.
I'm talking about funny people like John Candy.
Not the devil of being.
That would be funny about her.
He's a funny guy with funny nose.
What about Leslie Nielsen?
You'll even notice each other.
That could be the funniest movie of all time, airplane.
Could be.
When you think?
The funniest villain, Money Python movie.
Nothing funny about Mel Gibson.
I'll tell you that.
That's why I played that bit.
Somebody sponsored Mel on the pole.
This spies him, finding him obnoxious and discussing.
Another money grabbing religion is in sorry for the redundancy.
Wow.
Oh, the passion of the Christ.
Yeah, me, a frickin' break already.
Will you please, the passion of the Christ, my frickin' ass.
That the moral price compels you.
Oh, brother.
So many suckers and so little time.
So many idiots, so many uneducated fools.
The passion of the Christ.
And then the Pope says, it is as it was.
He passed me my cod liver oil.
It is as it was.
Pass me my prune juice.
Wow.
Wonderful he shares the swish jar, do you think?
What's up?
His buddies.
His bunk buddies.
Well, that's especially in it, peddling bunk.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 in a variety of things in the wireless line.
Let's get these phones ringing here, baby.
Let's get some more names on that pool.
Let's get with it.
Let's hop on it.
How are you doing with that Firefox, by the way?
I love it.
It's great.
It's fast.
You're using it?
Totally.
And everybody I told a friend about it here the other day.
He said, look what's that, Firefox?
This guy's a computer guy.
Never heard of it.
That's because it's so new.
You see, and you think I'm an old deterred, which I am.
But every now and then, when you least expect it,
I discover something really neat, like Firefox.
Now, do we have anything on our website about that or not?
There's that stupid question.
I haven't checked but Eric was going to work on it yesterday.
He's going to put that work on it.
He's working out of all right.
That's the problem.
That's why I think you just answered my question.
Thank you.
WDQAM, hello.
How long has it been talking to you?
Yeah, long has gone.
Neil on top fish marks like you.
He talks to a lot of schmucks, but not like you.
But it's full of me.
I can't wait to talk to Neil.
What was that?
Huh?
It was what it was.
A PUTS.
WDQAM, hello.
You.
I got a couple of you for the poll.
Yeah.
Tom Scarborough.
Hey, thank you.
Tom Scarborough.
Yeah.
Scarborough.
You mean Joe Scarborough?
Yeah, whatever you got.
Whatever his speak last name is, yeah.
Down the bastard.
That guy's pretty.
Yeah.
Although he is on TV, he's on ESPN, did you know that?
No.
How would I do that?
You can put Dan LaVast here, no?
It's okay.
It's not ready, huh?
He is on the radio.
We know that.
Unfortunately, he's not on with us anymore.
He's on with ESPN 790, but it was Joe Rosencragman or Vini or real Weenie.
I'll see how good story how here it is.
I'm trying to print this out.
I got to reboot the whole thing all over again, because they don't want me to be able to print this out,
because then I'd be able to read it on the air.
I'll read it right off of there, I guess.
Afghanis stand TV networks ordered off the air, because they're putting stuff on the air.
It's just like America, you see?
Mm-hmm.
We've made them in our own image, and now they're the other way around, I guess.
The Afghanis.
Really a horrible story.
Well, we can't let them to report stories about themselves.
Mm-hmm.
5670560, pound 56, and they've rising in singular wireless line.
WQA and hello.
I want to get in the wrong button, the old mom.
What plug?
WQA and hello.
QA and up there.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neah, how you doing?
Okay, Pali.
One person I can't stand is David Spane.
David Spane is a fine choice.
I have no choice.
How did you have to blow to get to where he's at?
I have no clue for it.
It's a long way.
It's a good epidemic of those now, huh?
Telling you.
Mm-hmm.
David Spane, though, was a good choice.
He blows.
I think that's what I was trying to say, wasn't it?
Yes.
What's this stuff you're sending me here of facts that says?
Oh, these are Ira.
How come there's no way to email you?
Because we don't want to waste our time with that crap.
That's why.
Give me a break, Ira.
Can you imagine wasting time with 80s and 80s and emails?
Bad enough we take our calls.
We tried it once and it was a cacophony of swill.
Everybody's good as the calls.
We get it except much more.
Yeah.
It says, I ain't no broadcaster.
The voice that's across between the New York Jew,
which I wasn't a girl's friend Jew, which I am.
Does he get any worse than that?
So I don't want to torture your audience.
So in other words, they don't want to call.
So even facts like you doing here, Ira.
Anyway, Bush is evil dumb.
Everything year old.
So many thanks for saying it.
Be sure to check out.
He's got some website hundreds of I'm sorry world photos
from fresh-baited Americans apologizing
to the world for the last election.
Hundreds of Europeans accepting our apologies.
Sure, that you're up depressed, pissed off Democrats like us.
Keep up to the word sorry Ms. Priver.
I didn't miss it.
I don't want to watch it.
Why do I want to watch it?
The ABC Affording here comes splashing teases
over the film for the nice big news feature.
Sequence of the roofing industry exposed.
Well, let's see.
This is from Bokers.
So how is that possible?
Because the other guy said they didn't show it on Channel 12.
I don't know.
Says right when guys are getting their heads blown off real quick.
Whatever you say.
Okay.
Have a good life.
Okay. Here's that story.
Make you feel right at home.
Those of you who are getting tired of the censorship.
You better get used to it because you ain't seen nothing yet.
Settleite radio is next.
It'll be cable TV.
That'll be your pop-up poster.
That'll be the magazine.
You buy the books that somebody reads to you.
Things like that.
Western pop videos.
India's boy, ballad, ballad, wood movies.
And even Charlton Heston's The Ten Commandments.
Have Afghanistan's closely cable TV stations in hot water.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
An appeal from the country's top.
Islamic judges this way prompted the cabinet to order TV networks temporarily.
Off the air.
Just three years after a Taliban ban on the TV was lifted.
Now, I keep forgetting to play that.
No, I don't.
I don't forget.
I just don't want to play it.
I think I, you know, I feel like playing that today.
We got too many other timely things.
I don't feel like every time somebody farce, I'm going to run and sniff it.
You know?
No, I don't feel like playing that thing today.
We just in puppy thinking that it's a...
That's why I don't have time for that.
Caka, okay?
We got bigger fish today.
We only got a four-hour show today.
Case to missed, we started at 107 today because Howard was on tape.
We never have any idea when we're starting.
It's a nightmare.
It's a Greg Read inflicted nightmare, okay?
I hope that's...
I hope that somebody peas on his sushi is what I hope.
Anyway, the spad is the latest in the battle for control of Afghan society
between still influential religious conservatives and liberals
and entrepreneurs enjoying new freedoms.
Oh, yeah, new freedoms.
What's that all about?
The concept questions are disastrous for Afghanistan.
Saad Muzani, director of Tolo TV said yesterday,
if predicted more restrictions would follow.
Oh, that's since we got women there.
So, Pimkoa Chief Justice, Faisal Hathi Shinwari,
an arch-conservative appeal to President-elect Hamid Karzai during Ramadan
to shut down TV programming in the cabinet did so,
at least until new regulation had drawn up.
It was a victory for Shinwari who was on the losing side in January
when the government ignored his protests at the return of veil-female singers
to state television screens.
The band had originated with Islamic fundamentalists who ruled until the early 1990s
and was lifted only when the repressive Taliban-ray Jean fell.
A screening last week of the 10 commandments
starring the Amshir's Charlton Heston provided ammunition for the conservators
and they said he liked that.
They probably got upset when he said,
It showed the Prophet Moses with short trousers and among the girls,
while he'd munched his Supreme Court spokesman said,
he's a very holy person in Islam respects him.
This is wrong.
Moses had short trousers and he was hanging out in the middle of all the girls.
Boy, I sure hope nothing was poking through his trousers.
Muzani, director of Tolo TV and Wafkan channel that showed the biblical epic.
Said the situation to minimize the threat of free speech in the country championed
by the United States as a model for the region.
Yes, a model for us.
That's right.
I guarantee you they won't be showing saving Ryan's privates on there
anytime soon enough, can't it?
Staying crazy back to it.
Or here's another one for the poll from chronic John and see if the same facts is the same.
No, don't take it personal, John, and Columbia South Carolina.
Tucker Carlson, okay, he's a lot of John.
He's a John.
Get a life already.
I have no life.
Of course, he's in South Carolina.
He's got a good excuse.
Long with that Jim Domingue.
Oh, brother.
Jim Domingue, what's the guy's name in Oklahoma?
Dressily.
Yeah, the senator, the senator like Tom, what is the name?
Colby Colburn, something like that.
Colburn.
And then of course, singing a different tune in North Dakota now.
South Dakota, whatever it held it.
South Dakota, they got to beat out Tom Tommy Tune.
Jim Tune, John, whatever his name is.
They want to beat out your buddy at the lake.
No, not to lay the one.
Oh, God.
I think I'm losing it.
I think my brains are getting fried from this whole experience, man.
I'm taking several months off, paid.
Anyway, he's accused of trying to silence increasingly sophisticated media coverage of Afghan politics.
Ministers will come and go, but the free speech media should be here to state a certain relation in this public.
He said, this is the time for people to take a stand.
In the political jockeying for positions in Carzai's new government following his victory in Afghanistan,
fake fake fixed October 9 election, the liberals lost their champion.
Cultural minister, Maksdam Rahin fought for the TV stations in January, but he's accused of switching his views to try to salvage his post-Carsai ponders' new team.
Moved, they may play in the conservatives' main target art, Indian films hugely popular with young Afghans for their Rachi dance routines.
Oh, no, not Rachi dance routines.
Yeah, they're great.
Immoral movies were even blamed for the recent fatal stabbing of a student at Cal Poly University, which is like the speed protest in the Capitol.
The boys are disturbing the girls in these films.
Then there are gangs fighting each other.
All of these things are against Afghan culture and Buddhism.
All of these things.
Yeah.
Mohamad Hashim Paksad, Pasquudnyak, owner of Ariana, one of about 20 cable operators in Kabul city, read about the new van in the newspaper,
and stopped transmitting for fear that police in a bad mood might smash up his orifice.
I'm a Muslim, I wouldn't show any sexy films, he said.
This is just a conspiracy against the cable operators.
These people just want to keep Afghan people in the dark.
They want to keep them really, really dark.
Isn't that great?
Just like America, same thing.
As we're exporting censorship all over the world, good for us.
Remember when we originally went in there and was it in Fallujah, we were one of the Iraqi cities where we knocked the TV station off here?
Right.
I think it was in Fallujah.
One of the cities where we hit some serious tourists, and the people started getting really pissed off and fired up about it.
Can't imagine why they don't like us, you know.
There's a flowers in candy we were supposed to begin for our troops.
How was the flowers in candy you bastard, you barbarians, you shmata head?
Well that's right, they're not the shmata heads.
Said the Saudis are the shmata heads, our good close personal friends this morning.
12, 13 and 5, 60 WQM, let me tell you about our good friends at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dufil Beach.
With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them, they will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Recently they helped the listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home.
Not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgage he could get.
And they were closely with him to determine which was best, and then guess what, they made it happen.
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dufil Beach, you can call him today, Tool-free, good idea.
18736616.
With the look in front of an interest only loan, a 30 year fixed rate.
But 30 man.
One of the many low rate adjustable mortgages that they have written on you.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dufil Beach, I guarantee you, has what you need.
They offer payments as low as $332 for every 100 grand you borrow.
Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dufil Beach can make it happen for you too, because not only will they make your mortgage work, but they'll even send you on a cruise.
That is correct.
After you close your loan with Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dufil Beach, you can pick one of six different seven-night cruises compliments of these fine folks at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.
Call him today, whether you're looking to buy a new home, an investment property or just refinance your current mortgage, call him Tool-free at 1-800-734-6616.
Or on the wicked web at Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers.com.
That's Guaranteed Mortgage Bankers in Dufil Beach, where they'll treat you just like family, 1-800-734-6616.
You can't get it off.
You want an amazing life?
William Hart, life.
I've got an amazing life and I don't know, no, no. I don't want it back.
But don't miss one.
Don't bother back.
William Hart at the dome, Saturday March 32nd to get your eyes on your family water takedown.
Here's the next line choice for Dufil.
Will Smith, oh man, do I want to gag? Maybe I haven't changed my vote.
He makes Russia look like a good guy.
Talk about an arrogant, egotistical, he's a crap, pompous jackass, but no talent by the way.
Can he sing? Can he act? Is he funny?
I think it's a racial thing.
I think so.
Will Smith, get him on her.
He's getting chicken.
5, 6, 7, let's get a million names on a poll, because he went and worked up to a frenzy.
This thing about satellite radio, it's just no matter what you people try to do.
Here's some good news.
And let me just say this to you, okay?
Because I am so sick and tired of these democrat apologists.
In fact, that's one of the reasons that people like Schmenderthir from Tom D'Aschel.
He's another wimp and Gimhard.
Now about your weak sisters is what they are.
Weak wimpy sisters.
Why should anybody be apologizing for Michael Moore?
Well, you know, the Democratic Party, they made a bad mistake tying their start to Michael Moore.
What's wrong with Michael Moore, okay?
If we only had about 10,000 more Michael Moore's with the balls, he has the honesty and showing the public what it's figured all about,
then maybe we wouldn't have these Nazis running the country right now.
And all these innocent people being slaughtered all over the world right now.
The same people say gore laws because Lieberman wasn't conservative enough.
No, Lieberman, he lost because Lieberman was too conservative.
If you read Orthodox Jew, that's why.
This is the only show in America that it's got the balls to tell you that.
Just take a look at this last election.
You think that those red-nights in the red states are going to have vote for a ticket where they got an Orthodox Jew on a ticket?
Or any kind of a Jew?
The answer is absolutely positively.
No, no chance.
But the meat did is want to play a gym role.
Here's another one. Good one.
Roaming.
Hey, Roaming. How you doing, homie?
He sucks. He sounds like a little kid.
A little sports nerd like Clarence, you know?
Oh, and he's balled with Aby. I can't keep one again.
A little sports nerd kid.
So you want to think about the sports people.
Most of them take themselves much too seriously.
It's only a ball game.
Okay. Innocent people are dying.
And you people are worried about a stupid bunch of ball games.
The sports thing.
I thought we were getting away from that.
And of course now we got all this to be allowed with the steering going off one of these days soon before we know it.
They said yes if you want to do it, move.
Yes, see?
That's right.
That's what's going to happen with infinity and with the steering.
And then he'll go on serious and then he'll put the same restrictions on there and then he'll be, yeah.
Because you understand with him it's all about him.
See, that's the thing that's always bothered me with that ego and with that crowd that follows him.
It's all about him.
And what did I tell you? It's about the entire industry.
He wasn't in saving private Ryan last time I checked.
But that didn't keep it from being censored.
He wasn't on that swift boat propaganda piece they put on Sinclair broadcasting.
But nevertheless they still aired it in some form or another.
And put on an hour propaganda.
See, it's not about any one person but when you deal with big ego is it's that's what you get.
Anyway, the good news is Michael Moore plans to follow up to his turn at night 9-11.
Let's see.
According to a how do we trade paper?
See, they put in all this extraneous stupid stuff.
CNN, new people, I still say I'm going to stick by what I said a few months ago.
The CNN transmitter, their towers, where would they have their broadcasting from, needs to be knocked down.
They need to be taken off the ear.
I mean that. CNN is the poison because you know the people who watch Fox.
I mean those people already, that's like people who watch Siri fall in Pat Robertson.
Forget about them.
Don't stop.
But the idea that CNN is presumably or supposedly a real news outlet where you're really going to get information and news about what's really,
you're not talking about about your propaganda, sheels manual, embarrassment.
You're humiliating and degrading.
You're just a bunch of carnival pitchmen with a stupid and bald James Carvella on there who now just sits in quakes in the chair because you don't know what to say.
And of course, a big, big fat pump is told by Novak who want to be on death row right now.
And you notice we don't hear one more word about Valerie playing or about any of this stuff.
Now that's okay.
We're about the energy meetings and about to end Ron and this new Jose Jimen is clown that we got for the attorney general.
Because the media can't be bothered.
Now if you go on the internet, you can read the Minions stories about that.
That's why we put them on our website and then you are reading them which is frustrating as hell to me.
That really pisses me off.
1.4 pages of my ass.
And then ridiculous.
Not even enough to wipe with.
No, no, no.
It's just that it's not enough to waste our time with.
Talk about being in La La land living in a dream world where we're kidding ourselves man, we're yanking it.
Michael Moore told Daily Variety that he and Harvey Weinstein, the mere max boss who produced a film,
hoped to have Fahrenheit 9.11 and a half ready in two to three years.
Oh, two to three years. Call me when it's ready.
51% of the American people lacked information in this election and we want to educate them in light and then more was quoted
near the days of the day's in variety.
They weren't told the truth.
We're communicators and stuff to us to start doing it now.
A spokesman for Fellowship Adventure Group formed by Weinstein and brother Bob to help us through it for night and 11.
Then immediately we turn to call Yadi Yadi, it's a diss, it's a debt.
The issues for follow up film will remain the same.
Iraq and terrorism were said the official morning period is over today.
There is a silver lining George W Bush is prohibited by law from running again.
He said, well that's great.
He had even started the new term yet till January 20, whatever it is.
And we're supposed to be optimistic about that.
Have some more sandwiches, Michael.
Okay. Have another couple of pizza burgers with Norma Ken.
Can you, can you, can you, can you, can I just look at you over there?
I mean, here is what is supposed to be an important, this a significant discussion about business.
Okay.
I'll have two pizza burgers and two medium-cut.
And whatever I'm saying you, you can tell.
He's not listening. He can't hear it. He's, you had a cell phone up somebody's butt.
What? Yeah, you heard what I said.
Yeah, right, Tom.
You heard exactly what I said. The bump master.
You heard of the bump master. He's doing the old bump master.
The radio TV or movie celebrity you hate the most is Rush Limbaugh, Lord Ass, 160-Doo, Pill Pop and Foda Hipperquit, Fadass, Liar, Liar.
Another one ought to be in jail.
He ought to be in there with Bob Novak.
I wish he had been having a real sweet time together then too.
Crossfire.
Dr. Phil 53. Another pop is Fadass, Southern Drilling Idiot.
Bill O'Reilly 34.
You see, back in the day, see Dr. Phil, I guess the small potato is now.
Anne Colter 33. Sean Hannity has got...
Bob Dirty Man.
Oh, would you play that bit?
No.
O.J. Simpson 28. Miss Kamala. She's got 11.
Boyfriends.
That looks like she's got a lot of company in there.
I've heard a Sultan's got 10. Arnold Schwarzenegger 4.
Dan La Bastard. I like the way we spelled that without the S.
Three.
See, I want to do the S in there. He's in La Bancita, not a laboratory.
Richard Year Three, Robert Novak II.
He'll be honest afternoon on Crossfire.
Either that or the pansy with the boat tie, I want to be able to.
Uh, let's see.
Will Smith's got one. David Spades got one.
Joe Scarborough. I love the way we spelled that.
It's got one. Jim Rome, Tucker Carlson.
Phil Henry, they don't have any analysis.
We spelled Phil Henry too, man.
Okay.
We reversed.
By the way, something.
Yeah. The Fox Fire Licky thing did go on yesterday.
We've got 132 points already.
Well, what does that mean?
What can we do next?
Is that like it in points on my card at Woodbine?
Apparently Fox Fire ranks the sites that they get referrals from.
Yeah.
So the more points you get to hire you, you get on the rankings.
Right. Well, let me take a few credit right now.
Okay. Let me go to our home page, which I very, really, I look at.
I got my own page. I don't need no home.
I guess they're homeboy.
They went on yesterday.
Morning.
Well, that's great. It's nice that they're doing that, but it would be also nice if they would read those red time stories.
Well, I'd say we get another week if we don't see an improvement of the number of pages at the reading.
It's pretty childish and sad when you have to try to control them threaten the audience so I start reading the story.
I mean, what's the point?
Yeah.
When you look at the stats, can you see which pages they go to or just.
No, I see.
No, but you can go to you can go on your stats and see what were they are going.
In other words, how they get on the site, which the first thousands of thousands and thousands of us
through the abedit curtain, of course, they want to see naked pictures.
That's all they don't give a crap of all that's going on in the world.
Can you see the result of the election?
Okay. Now, where is this thing?
I'm looking. I see bushes, brain.
I see the bush behind the thing.
I see the 59 million dumb Americans bush flipping the bird.
What me worry?
I don't see that.
Now, where is it?
I don't know.
Well, what do you mean you don't know?
You just give me a, oh, there's Firefox on the left.
Say for a faster and better Firefox.
And you click on that nice little logo.
It's a nice logo by the way.
Right under where it says be the curtain.
So it's close to be the curtain. Maybe that I hit it by mistake.
And I don't see any ranking rating view.
No, no. Eric was just reporting that.
Apparently on their site, you can see the rankings.
I don't know if they list the top 100, top 100.
Oh, no, but you know the family.
You put in a Firefox.
You can do that on any site if you have the Alexa toolbar.
You can do that.
No, I don't know.
Well, let me check it out during the break.
28th pass noon at QA.
And we're a little bit behind the time because we started at 10.05 this morning.
And we're still trying to figure out what time we go home.
Still being a little
things right, but his numbers failed to rise and suddenly began to realize.
They were doing the George Bush badge.
Yes, they tried to try.
Supporters left in a flash.
They did the George Bush badge from a tiny little office in the White House wingies.
They found a terrorism and Middle East peace.
They thought of the Ontario grabbing more votes.
They didn't thought of grabbing carry by the throat.
They did the George Bush badge.
They did the George Bush badge.
They really tried.
Supporters left in a flash.
They did the George Bush badge.
Carry some of those were short and quite profound.
George had to do something and not wander around.
Those important supporters he needed to revive.
With more anti-carry ads help them stay alive.
They did the George Bush badge.
They really tried.
Supporters left in a flash.
They did the George Bush badge.
Now everything's cool just as carry had planned.
His vote of popularity begins to expand.
There's really no trick in just jail.
But truth and keep crushing the president with critical reviews.
They're doing the George Bush badge.
They're doing the George Bush badge.
They really tried.
They're doing the George Bush badge.
They're doing the George Bush badge.
That's a election Halloween and all of those things.
But it was picked up by a figure that I thought it was right.
It's a good thing.
Just a little bit untimely because of the fact that this enemy
is stuck like three weeks after the fact.
It's sent me stuff late.
I want to say it right now that HCN sucks.
Premier, it sucks.
Pretty sad and of course if our people are right on top of it,
they'd be like watching these things with an eagle eye.
If they really cared about the things that make the difference
and that matter, the things that really matter.
As a part of the much in stupid ball games.
Here's a good choice for the poll by the way that I despise him.
I think it's a racial thing.
P. Diddy.
I said an overrated piece of crap.
He makes my...
In fact, you know something.
That's enough to make me want to fight that bit with Regis and P. Diddy.
Yeah?
Maybe that's what I want.
But I want.
Yeah.
You see?
No.
I don't know.
I'm thinking that maybe I'll do a bit of it.
It's a little bit of it.
Huh?
What the hell is it called?
Who wants?
Puffy.
You know what's called Puffy with Regis.
All right.
But I'm not playing it.
I don't feel like playing it.
It's like young Neil.
It's like all this other stuff they went over and over again.
He knows where it came from.
Not dirty man.
That's right.
That's the old dirty bastard man.
Old dirty.
Sturdy they call him.
Which rhymes with dirty.
Anyway, let's get some more names on the poll.
Because I'm really.
I don't know.
I just feel like so curious.
I think it's the aftermath of the election.
You know what I mean?
Do you ever feel like real angry but you really couldn't put your thumb on it or exactly
what you were pissed off about?
Trams with dirty.
Anyway, let's get some more names on the poll.
Because I'm really.
I don't know.
I just feel like so curious.
I think it's the aftermath of the election.
You know what I mean?
Do you ever feel like real angry but you really couldn't put your thumb on it or exactly
what you were pissed off about?
Because we've got all these external things.
You know, we've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
We've got all these external things.
The first two.
Oh, Hank was ripping the food off the stadium.
So what's wrong with that?
Well, Mr. H got upset.
The screw Mr. H, okay?
Who the hell gives a crap about Mr. H?
And then the second one was that Dealy had an apartment.
I when he told Scrooan what a slut in a bitch he was.
And so what's wrong with somebody the truth?
And then he got suspended again.
And then, well, why don't we go through it?
Right?
Right.
But I think the aftermath of that ugly election and just frustrating is hell.
You know, you just understand that there's never going to be another Democrat elected in our lifetime.
And this is going to happen.
No chance.
I mean, if it's even close, the fix will be in.
See, in other countries, they have these bloody revolutions and people dying the streets and all the, you know, people are shooting.
It's an American.
It's 50 or much in now because, you know, it just wouldn't be palatable.
It would be messy and ugly.
We're busy killing people.
Thousands of miles away.
That's okay.
Right.
But domestically, that's not.
It don't look too good.
The rest of the world would raise an eyebrow.
In fact, they're already raising eyebrows about this last fixed election again.
But nothing's going to change.
So I'm just, I don't think I'm ever going to recover from that.
Even being a distance away.
W.A. and Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Daniel.
To the poll.
How about a roll-dower or rich-sangies?
Okay. How about both of them sounds good.
They got something in common.
Oh, they sure do.
I think you never see them together.
They both were a mean choir.
They're all okay.
Thanks for being a co-host.
I doubt a battle.
He's the only one.
I can't say anything else for him.
But he's the only one who admits that he listens to this show.
Right?
Right.
Well, Rick Shaw does.
Well, Rick Shaw is not a national.
I mean, Rick Shaw plus he voted for Bush anyway.
We like him a lot except for the fact that his politics suck.
Maybe that's why he plays so much crappy music there on magic.
We love you, Rick.
And your cap and everything else.
Put your politics below.
He just wants to feel macho.
He's got macho guy, you know?
And when you work around all in panties in the broadcasting industry,
you've got to do something to compensate.
Make your felt self-reli-like a real man.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you add Ray Romano to the ball?
Ray Romano is a fine choice.
Can you hold me through the break?
For what?
I don't know.
Yeah, hold this break.
Oh, I get it.
Yeah, hold it through the break.
That's like the olden days.
Oh, yeah.
Let me put you on hold.
That's what all the light bulb talk show is used to do.
When it was their only car.
Oh, let me put you on hold.
And then of course Mr. Riegel would say,
but if you move quickly, you can get it right now.
You said they would have a call on the board.
And what he did get along is like that mo bit we play.
You know, about that mo temple in the Imperial Stevens.
Or whatever that guy did.
Hey, by the way, Geldy, you're out.
See, when is Geldy on again?
Oh, Geldy at the Micah Sookies, 9 to noon tomorrow.
Woo!
Aren't you excited about that?
I wonder if his old friend Niko is going to be there.
That's right.
That's the wrong engines.
And it wasn't the Micah Sookies that spent all of that
made to try to lie to you and beat that gambling thing on me.
The last time ever, was it?
Uh, was it it?
No, it was the Asseminal.
Try.
Not the Micah Sookies.
Oh, I don't know.
There might have been some Micah Sookie money in there.
You're a seasoned meal, Roger.
You're a seasoned meal, Roger.
You're a seasoned meal, Roger.
You're a seasoned meal, Roger.
You're a seasoned meal, Roger.
I'm dying on here.
When Bill O'Reilly's dying,
Choreys and square in hands,
can tell you if you'd like your job,
then you'll give him the last chance.
And if you tell Lora Eid,
you're not looking to be kissed.
Oh, great, great.
Piss to the fans right off you,
and for you an ex-storgeon is,
for the fact there's fair and balanced,
but not when he calls at night.
He's looking for a lassie,
who likes it a little too,
who's a right.
Oh, and Bill O'Reilly's morning,
sure it ain't the no-stimmed on.
So when Bill O'Reilly's dying,
you best not to cut your phone.
26 at 5.60 WQM,
mad dog from Publish,
bro, why are we desperate or what?
And then we got Hank and Eddie Kay from Calder,
for the saffrono.
Gilbert Gottfried, somebody says,
the most annoying plan on Earth,
I hate him with several likes,
the mixing points,
okay, you got it.
And Fraci and Kendall says,
Rick Sanchez,
who just went on there,
and Rosio Dunl,
how could we forget that bitch?
I'll give you another one,
since we got O.J. on Earth,
sports nerd,
what about Terry Bradshaw?
Okay.
Who represents everything dumb
that we hate in America.
And it ain't an act in his case,
by the way, believe me,
it's not an act.
He was so stupid that when he was a quarterback
with a stewardess group
and were stupid,
but they had to give the signals
on the sideline to his back up
who was Terry Hanwadi at the time,
and he would flash him to Terry.
That's how stupid he was.
They were like,
give him one finger, two finger.
Can I take it with finger?
5.670560,
pound 560 on a Verizon
and Zingular Rottles line.
So what's the deal with Firefox now?
What we just tell me,
we got 132 points.
Right.
And Eric had first quarter,
puts us in the rankings,
which makes us in the top 250,
which is not bad considering
that's just the first step.
Well, I just looked,
I checked the Alexa stats for them,
and because,
what they was that I told you about,
they're under Tuesday.
But whatever day it was,
when they got on all the MSNBC and CNN,
all the news networks,
put it on there.
I guess that they had existed for a while,
but they had their official like,
they view a couple days ago,
and man, I think it's gone,
skyrocketing zooming up there,
very nicely.
So that's good,
because it's an alternative to internet explorer.
You won't get any spam,
you won't get any viruses,
you won't get any pop-up ads,
you won't have Bill Gates
stupid in your bedroom,
and it's great.
It's easy, it's free.
I'm like that Jack Astakall yesterday,
who's such a,
what a loser man,
what an idiot.
Another one of these sour,
negative South Florida people,
you can find a pot of gold,
okay, underneath your stove,
and all of a sudden,
well gee, I'm going to have to pay taxes on her,
you know, some crap.
They can find something negative out of anything.
Why is that?
What is why there's so many sour,
nasty, hateful, rotten,
miserable bastards?
I don't know.
Gravity?
Is that what it is?
It drags them all down there,
it's an idiot.
Can you still up?
For the tip,
this is the filter tip.
So that reserved tip?
Uh-huh.
W-A-N, hello.
Hey, I'm sorry.
I'm eating lunch, I'm sorry.
W-A-N, hello.
N-E-L!
Yes.
Put my dick.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How in five, that's your people again?
Trust me, both of them.
All right.
You're a crowd.
It's all I owe from man.
Not a clone, not a clone,
not a clone, not a clone.
Blarrow, and that's it.
That's the middle of the material.
W-A-N, hello.
N-E-L, what's up?
Yes, sir.
I think the mad dogs had to do in the public scene for a long time.
I think it's one of the real manners.
No.
Now you share?
Positive.
No.
He's not going to do that much fruit.
Right near the street where the three roads meet, you know, that public?
Yeah, no, great.
W-A-N, hello.
W-A-N, hello.
Hey, N-E-L, what's up?
How you doing, Pally?
Good, man.
I just wanted to say that I started listening to you after Stern.
Yeah.
You never really listened before, but I'm a huge fan, but all this stuff that happened after the election.
I listen to it every day, just get me hit.
Yeah.
Pist up or burn off?
I don't know what's it say, man.
I feel like I'm powerless.
Yeah, well, I want to come up for air, man.
I want you to know what to come up.
Man, I just told, I don't know.
I just use it every day.
It's just going further and further downhill.
But you'll enjoy, we're in two-piece bathing suits next time you go to the beach, it'll be a lot of fun.
It's a lot of Pally.
Hang in there.
Yeah, we're bringing those back, too, because we don't want to see too much male nudity on there.
It's like, you know, the Lord doesn't hear frowns on that.
Yes, he does.
So, and if you ever saw the films of those, didn't they all have stripes?
Miss Kamakka probably would relate.
They looked like prison gear.
The tops of the men used to wear at the beach.
You know, I'm seeing that, having sure those weird, they come down below your knees all the way.
In fact, maybe the Mormons know something that we don't.
Maybe it's time for all good men to wear an Imagic Underwear, is that?
Yeah.
Just make sure you wear a fabric that's not like too tight, because otherwise, you know, dangerous things can happen.
And maybe that's why the Mormons make so many babies all the time.
Maybe they wear an Imagic Underwear is a little bit too tight, and they keep getting all that friction.
You know what happens with that.
You know what?
Can't tell you, Joyce will get upset.
Let's see Peggy, another female listener, we got Tracy, we got Peggy, that's a pair.
She says, the situation we have not knowing when you come on is ridiculous.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, well, see, here's the problem, Peggy.
I don't, oh, this is the greatest facts.
Peggy doesn't realize it.
This is the greatest facts I think I've ever read on the internet.
It's very short right to the point.
The situation that we have not knowing when you come on is ridiculous.
Can you let us know if Howard will be taped to the baby before I hate grid reads.
She says, oh, wait a minute.
And that's it.
Well, see, the only problem with that is we don't know if Howard's going to be on tape the day before.
Now, maybe somebody knows, I'm sure the people up there at Infinity know,
but nobody has enough respect for us about the telling us that we're putting it on our schedule.
So, who would have been the best of Stern, and we would have known it would start to run around 10 o'clock,
we could have told you in advance.
Which would make a lot more sense, because then the people were used to turning at 11 o'clock.
See, this idea of having a show on your radio station that nobody knows about,
is what time it strikes great.
It doesn't effing work, okay?
And if I would have had a real attorney instead of a guy who's busy ordering pizza burgers,
having two young boys in the back of whatever he's doing, if I would have had that,
got said, it was schmuck.
They would have sued their ass immediately if not sooner.
Because you don't enter into two contracts for the same period of time.
It's like selling your house to new different people, okay?
We're a static heavens, Stern, on the air, even though it's going to turn out to be briefly.
It looks like, but it would have been just fine to say, okay, you're on those 10 o'clock,
because that's the other main show that brings in the most money and has the biggest ratings.
That starts at 10 o'clock in the morning, not whenever we feel like it.
Or not whenever you feel like it.
But no, instead of that, oh, look at this, I'm a big shot.
I got Howard Stern on QAM.
Yeah, you sure did it, baby.
From the day he broke that egg with the worst team, man.
This guy has been trying everything's under the sun to put the mornings back together again.
It's still a Humpty Dumpty, like I keep telling you, you can't do it.
Can't do it.
Stir it up. I ripped in Joe Rosen, poor Mepho and very jackass column.
Well, I'm not too happy with those ratings.
And every time he come to me and asked me about it, it was back in the day he actually did.
I'd say, hey, if it's not broken, don't fix it, leave it alone.
Everything's just fine.
But no, it wasn't just fine, because he had to keep Diddler and Diddler.
He's the Diddler. That's what we got.
The Diddler.
Greg the Diddler.
And he's Diddler, it's back in a corner now, because every day now that Stern is on,
he keeps threatening well.
If we're back again tomorrow, Rob.
And if we're back again, because it's this business, about well,
when we're going to finally get tired of all the crap and when the series is going to buy him out,
and when is he going to leave commercial radio.
And then of course, he's going to find out, oh, guess what?
Now they're censoring satellite radio pretty soon too.
Uh-oh.
Better get a lot of fart sounds, those first couple weeks on, serious, sweetheart,
because once they start censoring that, when you're going to go,
you see, you can't keep running forever.
You can't keep running away forever.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
You got to take a step.
I'm going to stick with you out of Canada, hey?
Well, am I whipped up, man?
Wipped up into a frenzy.
And what really sent me off was that call yesterday, which I'm minding my own business.
I'm sitting there.
I'm making me a cheeseburger, okay?
I'm doing a nice act in slunch.
I'm making a cheeseburger on my stove.
And then I had the foam rings have to turn off the stove.
I have to go in there and hear his normal cant, calling on a cell phone.
Unbeknownst to me from a drive-through at a fast food joint.
And you're right, I would like to know where they have pizza burgers that drive through.
Sounds good, innit?
Yeah, it does.
I can't imagine where that would be.
I have two pizza burgers and two medium-cost order fries and some ketchup and relish for my young friend.
Yeah.
I let another runaway in the passenger seat.
560.560 and the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Somebody QAN, hello?
Yeah, can I get a two pizza burger and a big cup of...
Yeah, we got a big one for you, okay?
Back them.
Somebody QAN, hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Can I have a glass of wine and a glass of wine?
Is she's a TV radio or movie celebrity?
No, I'm pretty.
You can't.
Well, what is wrong with these people?
We didn't just say make a list of people you hate, okay?
We don't have time for that.
But they hear the question they want to answer.
Yeah.
I mean, it's my fault.
I haven't read the question again.
The radio TV or movie celebrity you hate most is...
...is...
...which she ain't, I don't know, is even though she just showed her ugly pussy on TV and far too often.
But she's a political type.
A professional, stick political type.
Here's the result so far.
Gotta have about 500 votes, though.
Like, 550.
Nothing sensational.
Of course, we didn't start this till last year, 11.
Rush Limbog 204, Dr. Phil 64, Sean Hadaday 51, and Colter, she's still strong.
44, Bill O'Reilly 44, OJ 38, Pericelton Needlemode's Bitch and Eleven, Miss Kamala.
Hey, same person, I think.
Miss Kamala Eleven, only she's got the money.
Arnold 8, Dan Labaster 8, 9-7, Naiska and Eric, he put the S in Dan Labaster.
He put the S in it.
Robert Novak, Wes Haar, he's got 7.
Will Smith, four, Richard Gears, God, four.
Why haven't played the Richard Gear, but yet?
Can we play that?
Sure.
PDD 3, Jim Roam, Roamie's got three.
Little boy, he sounds about three.
Rojo, and of course the sports nerds, they just love Roamie.
Even the ones on this stage, nipping, oh, he's cramped, is what he is.
He's a silly person.
Do you ever see him on TV?
No.
If you think he sounds silly, he looks silly too.
That's silly little mustache, you know, he's a silly person.
Then they have a mustache, John.
He's got the goatee.
But that's right, there was same difference.
He's got little fuzz.
Rojo, Donald, two, Rick Sanchez, two, Joe Scarborough, spelled poorly two.
Phil Henry's got a pair.
Really, he used to.
Ray Romano's got one, one for Haraldo.
Tucker, mother Tucker, Carlson, would have sent him a little bow tie.
Real pansy's got one.
David Spades got one, and Terry Bradshaw, I don't have any, maybe I'll change my vote.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
And if this comes to play on 566, then you ain't bad.
I was prompting you, son of a bitch.
Well, my wish was granted.
And I'm sure I'm going to miss listening to Neil Rogers' favorite, Dallas Bullitt, too, well.
You're a son of a bitch.
Back up.
I'm sweet, silly.
When you go in a row.
I'll start a new star.
Do something we have.
The children can get in their body itself.
We should have had that chap on the ship.
A richer of you.
A broken to me.
Deep away from my parents' hands.
When you look like a star, you can't run into the sun.
Just let down the catcher for another.
Another lover.
Come on through the richer of you.
Richer of you.
Richer of you.
Richer of you.
Richer of you.
Richer of you.
Every one now is a living girl to be loved.
Every one now is a living girl to be loved.
There's one also which are alone, okay?
Leave, uh, Richard here alone.
I hate the way in brothers.
The way in, the way in somebody says.
Has that include Damon Wians?
Oh, what is that?
Yes, well, that's Ben.
Now, how can we put the way in brothers on there?
Like how many are martyrs?
About third man.
We can't put a whole family on there, okay?
Everyone develop a family feud.
But I just know what you're saying.
They make too many mutes everywhere, like Tom Hanks.
You're not a foot-toned Hanks on there, too.
I think he deserves that.
I'd love for him.
He can't stand him.
He just needs to become...
I don't know. He's just like a parody of himself.
He's just a silly person.
Who takes himself...
See, I can't deal with people who take themselves real seriously.
I mean, one thing about this show,
never accuse us of taking ourselves seriously,
because we know we're just like window dressing, okay?
And between the scores...
And between the scores...
The four...
CBS apologized Thursday for breaking into his prime time drama,
CSI in New York for a special report on Palestinian leader
Yesor Amafar's death,
blaming an overly aggressive producer.
C.C.B.S. they've got their manages second-line.
Now, they're apologizing for everything.
If they fart the wrong flavor, the CBS eye starts tearing up.
The 10.55 PM report on Wednesday cut off the ending
of the popular forensics drama,
prompting a cascade of U.S. complaints.
You can't off my show, you jackass!
The network said the CSI New York episode
to be repeated its entirety 10 PM tonight.
The report came just five minutes before local news broadcasts
in the East and Midwest.
ABC and NBC waited for the local news to break the story
and the West NBC ran a crawl of news at the bottom of the screen.
That's your makes sense to me.
An overly aggressive CBS news producer jumped the gun
with the report that Jitamon offered local stations
for their late news the network sent to statement.
We sincerely regret the error.
CBS News spokeswoman Sandy Jinezius,
to find a way to identify the producer
and say whether the person faces discipline or action
or whether he's going to be fired at it or she or it.
Now, it takes them to be scrolling around right?
Right, get them CBS bastards goose-step and back in line
before they show any more of that lefty pinko propaganda.
5.670560, we got to admit it today at public today.
That's how desperate we are to get a little revenue in here.
We got Hank and Eddie K. of Carter at four
and then the big seven speaking desperate.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got somebody for the poll.
Okay.
Caretops.
Caretops good.
Okay, he'll go zooming in and stop and list every time we do this.
How many times we've done this poll?
Dr. D. Man.
That's just this month.
We could do it once a month.
Why?
There's enough hate to go around.
Now, we can do other kind of hate.
You know, hate, palmitish, you hate, racial hate,
relative you hate, what racial group you hate, what ethnic group,
what religious group you hate, what broadcaster you hate,
what lunch, your meat, you hate, right?
Right.
Belonin.
Yeah, and slice an apple on it like that.
Press conference.
Oh, this has been some week, man.
Let me tell you.
This has been some week.
We get stiff with that press conference yet.
It was just nothing but a bunch of sliced baloney to quote the Humper.
And actually, there was slice and baloney and handed it out like crazy.
And they were lying through their teeth about one step, step the side.
Right.
Step on this, sweetheart.
He got fired at it.
But in Mr. H's world, nobody ever gets fired at it because, you know, Mr. H wants to put out that.
I don't understand it either because here's a guy that doesn't care about PR.
That told the public to stick it where the moon don't shine.
That he's in it for the money and not the fans.
And yet, oh, he's sensitive, Mr. Baldwin, a geek.
You know what I'm going to play?
The one that goes dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, that Wayne Heising, that's how I said that.
He's got that.
Yeah, he is.
He really is.
EDM mean dad, I was never like you, man.
I'm just not butchered.
We got screwed with that deal.
We screwed up that show.
We were on for 20 minutes and then off for half an hour.
And now today we want to put surprise, turns that on live today.
It's another take.
So that I want to bogus best uptapes.
So you guys come on like a two or three minutes after 10 o'clock.
Totally, I mean like out of the blue you hit me with that.
When did you find out about it?
The tape?
Yeah.
When it walked in.
Yeah.
And who told you, stuff?
Well, when the hell did she find out about it?
I don't know.
Now, probably didn't know.
Oh, he probably didn't know until he's, you know, kiddin'.
Now, let me ask you something.
When they run the tapes, don't we just go back and get the original tapes?
So we don't have to sit there with the finger on it.
The whole little five hours of whatever it is for.
WQA and hello.
Oh, he probably wanted to dump a lot more stuff.
He missed the first time.
QA and hello.
Hey, Neil, you know what I hate the most?
Steve Phillips.
I hate him as much GM.
I hate him now on TV.
What does he do?
He's on the spot center a lot of times.
He have a mind with the baseball stuff.
I'll take your word for it.
Okay, Steve Phillips.
I have no idea who that is.
Who is he, John?
He's Nana's force center.
He's what?
Steve Phillips.
I've never heard of him.
I don't know.
They're all don't put him on.
I think he's talking about Phil Phillips.
Remember Steve Phillips?
Phil Phillips?
No.
I do.
George Wood.
You remember the original Steve Phillips?
Oh, Steve Love, yeah.
Yeah.
Not by the honey drippers.
Right.
How many times did he remake that?
About 30, man.
Somebody QA and hello.
Still.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that's that Peter Brothers of Checkers.
I'm just disgusting.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Are you sure that Norm was eating that checkers or something
that rhymed with checkers?
Flickers?
No.
Double-deckers.
Double-deckers, right.
Yeah.
What a, what a lemming man.
What a loser.
What a, they're laughing at you, man.
That's what they're doing.
They're all laughing at you.
That's right.
I was hoping you'd play that several times.
That's what they do.
They laugh at you.
Oh, but he's in tight with Joyce.
And he's going to go out.
He's going to go to Bruce Beasley.
And he's going to talk to this one.
And it is like, who the hell do you think you are, man?
Don't be missing with Greg Reed.
Just like the water.
Just like the water mouth.
He says, I'm going to go to Greg Reed.
Yeah, big deal.
Okay, we're really impressed, bitch.
Oh, that's right.
That's a spendable.
What I just said there.
Like I said, bitch.
How many QA and hello?
Yeah, I like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Yeah, how you doing?
You know, I want to ask somebody to see your poll.
Yes.
Over a one free.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
Well, she's, yeah, she sure had a big impact on this election too.
Not silly ass.
Oprah, bitch.
Yeah.
I know you want me to play that thing again about Oprah's giveaways.
Everybody gets a, you know, hell, you're going to help her monkey.
Everybody gets a liver.
Everybody gets, everybody gets, everybody gets scooted and tattooed.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
I don't have individual, but I have a bank of America below.
Okay, great.
That's good.
Yeah, we'll do that next week.
Which bank you hate the most?
Okay, we'll do that in our, in our hate series here on the New York Roger Show.
Let's do a series of hatred.
It's probably an 80s here in this town.
We ate everybody.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm going to go to Greg Reed.
WQA and hello.
I'm Bob Bennett.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
I'm growing up.
I'm Bob Pal.
Yes sir.
Earlier we were talking about the old Yensers on the radio and darn agony in Greg New
Dill on that JNA followed by a Skipper truck.
So what a line up there.
I remember I'm hearing it was that BDL is back off the Urican for personal reasons is what I read in Tommy's dick is calling, I believe.
Well, you know, he was chasing that white line down the football field.
That's the view off.
And by that, it disappeared and right.
Yeah, I ate ballcassin over.
Okay, that's the one casted by Mr. WQA who's doing the old sofa king bit, which we had a couple of spy reports on both his listeners this week.
Oh, brother.
That's a good one to hate.
I don't hate him.
I just, I just, oh, he's just, like he don't even exist to me.
He's just like a, like a wart, you know, warp smooth or like a, like a hemorrhoid that keeps like that popping up every now and then.
Just when you think it goes away, keeps popping back up again.
Now let's see, when's that next?
It's the 12th of November.
When's that next trend coming out?
Maybe something to the left of it till the Hungarians and Diaries this time, which we can only hope because that last one at the hurricane one.
When only right winners got the diaries and so Stern got to, although we'll see, you know, we'll see how many people choose to listen to Stern, the butcher that version that we put on here,
while as long as it lasts and whatever.
See if you just stop saying that.
Oh, that's right. That's right. It's like Chuck Meyer again, when I came morning, sure, with all those, uh, sit-lating phone interviews.
If I would be a lot more supportive, they would listen.
No.
Last guy worked for like, that was Tim Williams, that Jack asked if the Zeta, oh, if you'd be more positive about our music, people would look down.
They don't like the music. I'm trying to understand Tim. No matter what I say, you can't put dog poop on the table until the public gets, uh, it's a ribeye steak.
Okay, they're not buying it. They're not eating it. They're not the like it.
They don't want no part of it. They can smell it from a million miles away. Tim, you idiot.
Tim Williams is an idiot, by the way. One of many I've worked for. All the while I said to this current crowd, woo, we man.
They are something else.
They talk about the eve of destruction.
They just keep, I mean, self-immolating. It's like even a little kid, uh, a lighter, you know.
They keep setting himself on fire, setting the house on fire. And then that's what these, this crowd does.
They huff and puff and they blow the house down.
From minutes after one at five, 60 WQ AM are expecting guests this Thanksgiving.
It's not the turkey that always makes the meal special. It's the people ride.
Make sure you're just as comfortable as you do by calling dial amatris at one 800 mattress.
Whether they plan weeks in advance or show up without warning, you can get them just a right mattress to be the same day.
In fact, sometimes when they show up without warning, you open the door and they go,
true, like that. Don't see that movie, by the way, George, you'll hate it. Don't worry.
Anyway, now when you call one 800 mattress, you'll save an additional 20% on select models while supplies last.
You'll choose from the top names in the universe. They got them all.
Sealy, Certa, Simmons, King Coral, Strins and Foster, and even tempered
Certa, Simmons, King Coral, Strins and Foster, and even tempered. When you call one 800 mattress, you'll get same day delivery.
And the same day the whole place have been telling about for a very long time. You still pick the date into our window.
The time for delivery. If it's your schedule, when it's convenient for you and you're going to be there.
How do you like that? Now, when a mattress continues to be very proud and why not? Of their 99.7% on-time record.
The rank number one in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2000 for a better business,
viral, local, torture, excellence award. So when it comes to getting you a great night's sleep, as far as bottom mattresses,
is concerned, I have one question to ask. What's not to like?
I've been using them for years and once you use them the first time, it realizes the only intelligent way to buy you a great name brand,
bed and unbeatable price.
1-800 mattress, check them online if you like it, macfers.com. But if you make that easy call right now,
they can be there before the end of the day. 1-800-MATTRES.
You are listening to Neil Rodger's case, emotionally, on-site inspection.
Get them stickin'.
Boy, you talk about suckin' up, you know, like slacking your wife and then trying to like kiss you, kiss you, kiss you,
kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you, kiss you
you know I feel bad baby you could take your breath like that what's that from God? no, no, no
no, I feel like my woahes is the boys, cause my eyebrow is orange for you
no, I feel f like nothing, I don't know why we did our lives with our faces
no, hey no, hey no, hey look what I have to do to earn money
no no no no, take it to get your money
no, just keep it, just keep it
no, you don't have to go ahead
Are you sure?
You know Mariah and Whitney, they beat the fans of Britney.
No.
We still had some easers, but also there was Weasel and we had Sophie.
We all dance, yes, she was the first off in I wonder if she survived that.
1995, 1995.
Well don't let me forget to tape guiding light today, because I'm going to go out to lunch,
but I gotta see that.
I don't even watch it anymore, but they have this real psychotic episode on now.
They must be desperate for ratings.
But don't forget to tape it.
Oh, I'm going to wait for you to get some pizza burgers.
That's 3PM.
I'm going to go to checkers and get some pizza burgers.
Maybe I'll go out and get something arrives with checkers.
Chubby?
Maybe.
Here's one that says, hey Neil, how could you forget?
Leave out.
Moa Howard Davided.
Well, I'll decide out of mind.
Go go go go.
I'll get him on there for you.
Got him on there.
Moa, she's back in the day when he was on.
When we had him to push him on and he was pushing back.
Then he would get a lot of votes.
But now he's, I don't know, small potatoes.
And I called the other day that I was rippin' him for trying to make the games exciting.
You know, getting excited.
Well, what would you, you know, if he wasn't doing that, you'd say, well, here's your guy who just gave up already.
And sounds like he's in a coma.
You know, it's just gratuitous.
Those people are just suckups.
They call it crap like that, you know?
Just because they know that everybody hates him like poison.
There's another great read.
But that was another really great move.
Was Moa Howard David?
Oh, yeah.
Man, what a, what a, what a tremendous record of accomplishment over the last couple of years, you know.
And then of course there was always our good close friend.
I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal his tooth.
Yeah, they created so much tourists.
And we're still paying a hell of a price for that enterprise, you know?
As much as a lot of you people loved and coveted and wanted it, but all brother.
If you only knew.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless line.
I'll tell you who we need.
Okay, hopefully.
They're last name.
That's who we need.
He's my favorite morning show.
I just said that, you know, because it's there.
WCWAM, hello.
QAM.
Somebody there.
Hello.
Hello.
WCWAM, hello.
Thank you.
How are you?
Okay.
Biggest douchebag in television.
See, there he goes right off the bat.
Can't say that, man.
I know it comes in the shock to you.
We can't say the D bag word.
Right.
You apply a new world.
That's right.
It's a cowardly new world is what it is.
Enjoy, so come there and spank the crap out of you.
You might enjoy it.
Yeah.
See, that's how you even got beyond like two three words.
And I was the end of him.
You can't say it.
You can say it.
You can say it.
You can't say D bag.
You can say D foe.
Or mofo, but you can't say what you said.
Shame on you.
I'm going to be poor him to roll and call in Michael Powell.
How do you like that?
WCWAM, hello.
Dad owes pizza burgers and the wishes that they'll come on the cheese.
Come on, the mind.
WCWAM, hello.
Can you please put some garlic on my white plate?
WCWAM, hello.
Here's a message for Keewey.
Give us that part.
WCWAM, hello.
Keewey.
WCWAM.
Hey, Nail, I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Oh, okay, I know.
She wants aowment ring.
DJ Ty的是 tonight.
Good evening, Roxanne Good evening everyone.
Laura Rovetton.
Saturday night reporting.
Well, get to do the same thing about Canada.
When he met by that, he's on the payroll.
He's got a contract, man.
He's in for, Zimper never worked for the station.
He worked for the Dolphin Organization.
Sorry.
I don't hate him anyway.
Okay, me too.
Whoever he's talking about, not Zimper.
Zimper was a good guy.
He might have his own peace and cues.
In fact, we saw him so infrequently that when he came in,
a couple of IOD, a couple of times,
I didn't know who he was.
It was embarrassing, you know?
Because he was very friendly and like,
how are you doing all this?
Exactly, that's what I kept thinking, you know?
In fact, I used to think it was Jim Skyler.
You ever see him together?
No, but they don't.
Same person, same glasses.
W.Q.A. and Hello.
How about that Kobe Bryant Suck-ass Jim Gray?
Oh, yeah, Jim Gray, who did that
Sidelating interview with Pete Rose, right?
Okay, Jim Gray, there's a good one for you.
Thank you.
You got him, Jim Gray?
He's got him.
Or Rams would say,
how's Bill Fade doing?
Where's he driving these days?
Who?
Bill Fade.
You know what his wife actually called me
up one time years ago to thank me
for nice things I said about him?
That's what I was foolish enough to talk about
harness racing on here and having no audience.
Next thing, it'll be a hockey show.
Let's give him a room around there for a hockey show, not?
I'll call him right now.
Well, you're, oh, how can I pass that?
It's your fault, by the way, for letting me do that.
W.Q.A. and Hello.
Maybe I'll just let you know that that twist
that you were talking about Sidelating on the Internet.
Jim Nox West.
Yeah, where do I find it?
All right, cool.
Where?
Oh, on the Internet, I don't know exactly
if I do a search that he could call
Sportscaster Slap Lab.
Sportscaster Slap?
I'll be slapping it right after the show.
Thanks, Pelling.
Oh, I can't wait to see that.
Sportscaster Slap, baby.
Yeah!
Oh, God.
That must have been a beauty.
And if anybody deserves it.
And I'll say it again to people on this day,
oh no.
Jim Roeman, he's legendary in the sports fair.
Yeah, you guys are all got your own little cluster
for a going man.
You're all in bed together, the whole bunch here.
Even the people I like there, it's still,
it's like an illness with him.
God forbid they should ever speak ill of any of their own ilk.
You know what I'm saying?
So they'd like to, uh, priest things, same deal.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the classic thing about that Jim Roeman thing is with this.
He's the type of 40 of said it.
He kind of smiled at him.
And he said, hey, call me that again.
I'm going to fly over the table.
I should go, all right there, Chris.
And he's going to move over the table.
You have to see it.
It's actually something that's on the piano in the archive of this.
You do, I think it is called sportscaster slap.
And on the other hand, on the pole, I cannot believe you forgot Wolfwood's Creek
if he's not on there yet.
Oh, yeah, speaking of getting slapped, I'd like to slap that bitch.
He does need it.
Neil, happy birthday.
And just one thing.
Andy Maugh, you are explaining, I can't say a few things.
Okay, okay, good.
I'll get back to that again with Andy Maugh.
Not him again.
Oh, geez.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You know, it's just, you see this is the problem.
And you just saw in the same little market, on the same little station, in the same, you know.
Year after year after year, we need to branch out a little bit normal.
That's what we need to do.
Branch out checkers today.
Wendy's tomorrow.
Crispy cream on Monday.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Branch it out a little bit, sweetheart.
And don't you dare call here while I'm on.
I think I better go out to lunch.
I'll take that guiding light.
It's going to be the climactic episode today because they're all meeting at, uh, he's
telling everybody a different story about where he's kidnapped the kids and he's taking
him away.
Phil's going over to depend again.
That's what happens to you when you get older after that.
All the skin is like drawn over your face.
I guess like you look like a walking skull and bones.
That's what he looks like now.
Phil's spawning.
Oh, did we have to be the curtain the other day?
We had, uh, Jalal and spawning.
Jalak goes around.
I told you all of these things time together.
I always told you that.
Mm-hmm.
Don't believe it.
26 after what it finds seems like we've been on a long time today, man.
Holy, well, you get out of practice with this crap.
Jesus, Kate Christ.
Oh, well, you know, Nate got your mind already.
Greg, you want a four-hour show?
You want a three-hour show?
What do you want?
Huh?
Jesus Christ already.
Hey, if you have guests coming to town for the holidays, you wonder what we want to do with
that dirty old carpeting in your home.
Now's the time to get rid of that carpet.
We're going to have a concert and a concert with Laminette or a hardwood flooring from Laminette
designs.
That's right.
Visit Laminette designs show Roman 80 to 80, State Row 84 and Davy and there you can choose
from over 300 samples on display.
Laminette designs going to have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in about
a week or less.
Call 1-877-8 Laminette to set up a free no obligation in home estimate for you.
Laminette designs carry all the top, well, no lines including Wilson Art, Quick Step
and Pergo.
If you call today and set up an appointment for your free estimate, tell them you want
the WQM discount for an additional 10% off there already low unbeatable installation
price.
Laminette designs you'll find them in David Gerstoff, I, 595, between Pine Island Road
and University Drive.
The show was opened Monday to 8 Laminette.
That's L-A-M-I-N-A-T-E.
That's 1-877-8 Laminette for Laminette designs, a flooring company where a service comes
first.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' dance, listen to it on my bike to see you.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
I hear my order unit is set to be the getting force right away.
And by the power of the Indian R-Board, God pushed the federal initiation convention.
And by the power of the Indian R-Board, God pushed the federal initiation convention.
The world's only for the day of my day.
The world's only for the day of my day.
I just want you to breathe.
I'm going to try to see you this time.
Welcome back.
Bigdashboys.com.
It's worth it.
Hold lots of places you can find it.
But that's just great.
Yeah.
If you say, one more time, I'm going to come across that day.
If you want to take a station break, yeah, there's the little boy Jimmy Rolman.
He just throws the table down.
I mean, just jumps across the table where the table was.
And just pummels Jimmy Rolman around.
All the poor coming out to drag him off his head.
It's a beautiful thing.
I love it.
I just want to say that all weekend.
I endless loop, you know what?
Anybody deserves it.
There's one of them.
A little wise ass, not those punk.
And not only that, but if you can read all of the in-negatory stuff, that's for more.
They hate him like poison.
The radio TV or movie celebrity, I hate the most, is...
Dr. Slimbaw 246, nobody can touch that rush.
Dr. Phil 71, trying to hit it at the 59 and quarter 59.
Same person.
Dillor Riley 56.
OJs got 42 and then it's way down to Miss Kamal.
She's got 14.
Uh-oh.
14 was an unlucky number last time.
You better watch it, Miss Kamal.
See what I said?
All these things.
There's no coincidences in this world.
I wonder if they ever went through the checkers, drive through together.
Rick Sance says it doesn't.
Bob Novak 11, he's on Crossfire.
He's Tyre with Paris Hilton 11.
Rosio Donland and Dan LeBastery, two out of ten.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's got eight.
Jim Rooms got six.
I bet you'll get a lot more once a lot of you people see that video.
Of Chrissy Everett knocking him down.
Will Smith's six Phil Henry's got four.
Richard Year four.
Oprah three.
Jiharraldo's got three.
Jimaldo.
Uh-oh.
P. Did he's got three.
Richard Tyre two.
Tucker Carlson's got two.
Joe Scarborough's two.
Wolflitz Green's only got one.
I'm amazed at that.
Ray Romano's got one.
David Spades gone.
I give you another one.
There are a bunch of people who don't have any of it.
But I'll give you one.
I'd like to hit her with a two by four.
Soledad O'Brien.
Ooh, yeah.
If she isn't the most silly little, badly, little piece of crap.
She's what's wrong with the news on a so-called news on TV in America, okay?
Right there.
I'll still do a little bubbly, perky little, simple thing.
Bubblehead.
People have bubblehead dolls.
How about we get a bubblehead of uh- soledad?
Well, so they die.
Yeah, you know, you're not an idiot.
And I'll tell you right behind her, and you can put him under two as Bill Hummer.
Miss Hummer.
I think he's a self-hating f-ing- if he asked me.
Well, there's a two that liberalism is dead in America now.
Yeah, right.
See in the closet in the center.
And by the way, let your hand down a little bit.
People are starting to talk.
We're in him, short-skrits.
Somebody cue in, hello.
Yeah, is this Bill?
Yes, sir.
Uh, Neil's calling because last night they had a channel-penced statement of private Ryan.
Yeah, no kidding.
And they had a-
Yeah, we know all about it.
Okay, we know all about it.
Somebody cue in, hello.
Not there.
Somebody cue in, hello.
Yeah, this is Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you heard we're winning the war on terrorism?
All right.
And you know how we're doing it?
How are we doing that?
Bush's cronies are going all through Broward County taking a little marijuana pipe off the shelf.
Yeah.
And the name of the Patriot Act.
Oh, right.
Excellent, man.
And then they banqued local prisons and be delighted.
We're not only fighting terrorism, but we're fighting the cannabis plant.
It's a media.
You know where they may be we can go over the Indians and spoke to peace type with them, huh?
Jesus.
And the name of the Lord, what's going on?
See at the border, we've got some really good crap up here.
Okay.
We're going to hook up with some good shmitt.
Facts just walk out on the street.
You can smell it, wafting through the streets.
567.0560, pound 566.00 in the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
All you people from the red states not welcome here in Canada, just stay with the hell you are.
You know, even in the red states, in many of the bigger cities like San Luis and Missouri.
And in some of them states where they actually have big cities, that carry one in there.
See, the problem with carry was that he was a waffler.
That was the problem.
And this thing with a wrack, well, it's kind of hard to hold it against the opponent against the man who's responsible for it.
When you haven't got any different ID, you know, like, well, I've got a better plan, huh?
Better plan to do the same thing.
As opposed to being honest, right from the beginning of how we're doing, San, we had no business being there.
It's all based on a pack of lies.
You were a freaking liar.
And really, I guarantee that if Dean would have hit a one-on-one bike 20 points, he wouldn't have been able to fix it.
I bet you great life on it right now.
Don't you agree?
He would have let them fix it.
He would have kicked their ass, man. He'd have held their feet to the fire and said this, well, I voted for it.
First I was against them, and I was forth, and I was against it again.
And I was, well, you know, forth.
Now, he just didn't articulate any kind of an alternative on the mess in a rack.
And now come to find out all these post-relation polls are taken.
It wasn't more of values that the majority, I mean, that was that 22%.
But the majority of people were put in something else like this mess in a rack and killing all these innocent people, including our own.
That's the most important thing they were.
And how come again? We just got through seeing yes or on the part with his body and that the Tiscaid of Taskin is in a draped Taskin.
How come we see that?
But we can't see American people coming back in Taskin because it's bad for the bush crowd.
And let me say again, new people that see it and you wouldn't know a ball of somebody stuck in your face.
You're a demon, Roger.
You're a demon, Roger.
You're a demon, Roger.
You're a demon, Roger.
You're a demon.
Right there, you're still.
Come on, take the old speedy, let's hear it come down.
No, she can't swim more.
Any longer, feel the pressure out.
Come on, we're getting stronger.
Don't you fight, test the fight, come on, please, I'm fighting.
Come on, take the old speedy, let's hear it come down.
No, she can't swim more.
Any longer, feel the pressure out.
Come on, we're getting stronger.
Don't you fight, test the fight, come on, please, I'm fighting.
Everybody, gather around now.
Let the lady feel the heat.
Put your right hand on the five door.
Time to stop dragging your feet.
You go with time of a decade.
And they need a big kiss, though.
You and quick, me, get it over.
Before the people go to bed.
Come on, take the old speedy, let's hear it come down.
No, she can't swim more.
Any longer, feel the pressure out.
Come on, take the old speedy, let's hear it come down.
Don't you fight, test the fight, come on, please, I'm fighting.
Don't you fight, take the old speedy, let's hear it come down.
No, she can't swim more.
Any longer, feel the pressure out.
133 is seven feet old.
Who don't get mad, don't get this sweet.
The first fruit is the public and full of arduo.
And for two, we're going to get the Humphornedicay of Caldera 4.
The big, seven o'clock, and then an edukay again, a 10.
By the way, one, a thank management for the tremendous,
now that we got stern on the station and Arcio back to back,
tremendous promotional campaign for the billboards and TV ads
and newspapers, it really makes you feel that there is hope
at the light at the end of the tunnel, you know what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
I don't know.
5.670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
I'm hallucinating, you know, those mushrooms
I do tear every time.
Let's try.
WQA and hello.
Hey, do you have a shirt?
Yeah, I got some privilege information.
I don't know if you remember a couple weeks ago,
or less about a bomb scared it, but bomb on their guy's car, supposedly.
Yeah, I know Hollywood is.
Yeah, it was no bomb.
It was a home and device that a home and security put under there
and the mechanic didn't know what it was,
so he called the bomb god and the FBI got there at the same time
and said, oh, we got to make up some story.
It was a home-o device.
Probably they were tracking it as it went through the drab through a checker's
and it would seem to me.
They stick those home-o devices under certain cars because they know
that sooner or later it's going to be greater or checkers.
I wonder how Covey's feeling.
You know what, it's called bloat-check devices?
5.670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
Is that what they call a chubby checker?
WQA and hello.
How many of you?
How many of you?
WQA and hello.
Hey, and a J-Woe and Ben-Ans flag.
Okay, that's a good pair.
Oh yeah, join at the lip and that's as close as the rubber going to get those two talk about the Hollywood closet
You got J-Lo on there and Ben Affleck. I don't know if we can play that thing anymore. No
Better not. No. By the way, do you like the Affleck ducts the yogi spot with the Affleck duct? Have you seen that?
That's cute
And the duck just like that you thought he'd been working a QM for a couple hours
Exactly your ex- aspiration station
WQA and hello
QA and yes sir. Yes any chance for talking to the great one. You're speaking to him right now the great
Oh, okay
I
Just I just get wanted to get your comment. What do we do for the next four years?
You're listening. I'm sorry. Are you listening carefully? Yes. There you go
There you go turn up your radio. That's it. That's because you do next four years
Those of you who are want to stay in the states
Especially in the red states. I at least be making a move to the blue states
It'd be good. Okay. You'll be feeling mighty blue but let's move in right now
Or maybe just want to go through the drive-through of checkers when they have those really nifty pizza burgers. I hear they suck
WQA here. Here I am. Hello. Happy Friday, Neil. Back to you sir. Hey, Neil
My chance when your agent was going through that drive-through yesterday or today
And you say get the junior high
Hello, those are common. Yes, man. Hi, Neil
Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I'm a proud female listener and you're the one
Yeah, that's right and I wanted to tell you how much I hate Bill O'Reilly and I can't believe that he's number five on the pole
Is it really? Yeah, I would think he would be at least number two behind rush. It's not ahead of rush
I'm really no, no he's small potatoes. Nobody had this crowd doesn't pay any attention to Bill O'Reilly
Including me. I mean other than when he's making obscene phone calls we just
All right, well, I gotta get back to work. I just wanted to say I love you the best and keep it up
And this is you every lunch break nice. We'd our team. I don't I can't get back on my page here
Are you having any problem with our website all of a sudden? Yes, what's going on with that now Eric?
We better get this deal straight now before we get out of here because I'm clicking and re-clicking and refreshing and
Nothing is happening Eric. What's going on there?
So anyway, did I tell you the credit union downstairs was robbed? Yeah, I and
Nothing was quite a little to do here during the show. What do you mean by that? Well, there was all kind of hysteria
You know there were some people down there people on their way down there our
What does that have to do with my website? Nothing just a
Chat while we're waiting for it to come up as long as they didn't come upstairs and interfere with our very important
ongoing Zid power 96 and Q.I.M. Why do we care about the stupid as credit to bureau downstairs?
Because it's here mostly bunch of dead beets going down there anyway. That's a government credit union. Is it really?
I don't know I talked about the people going in there not the ones running it all they might be to I don't know
Never talking where ever some other now. What about the people on the second floor? Wasn't it like a dental
Dettling shirts like a place. Yeah, we're not getting out of our website at all here
Eric is Eric in the chat room with you as you like telling the sound into it. He's looking into it. Oh boy
What about our problem?
Nobody Q.I.M. Hello
Hey, Valley everybody to you and back to you
Thanks, and listen. I just you know wanted to say that we appreciate the show and you know
It's unfortunate kind of disharming that you got so many of those Yahoo callers that call in and you know
Oh, yeah, that's something really brand new
Keep it you know me. I love you show. Okay. Thanks, Brian
We said chin is what he said because little curled. Oh look at that. We just got a fax here with an Eric's and I guarantee you that it was something with Eric
He said we've got a tattoo here
Oh, we got a tag again
Well, how many years saw that problem so quick he has days he has days. Okay. I'll do what tackers out there
It's gonna come in even like give me a little pinch of you don't watch it a little pinch between your cheek and gum
WQ a.m. Hello, you'll be wider. Yeah, that's me. Okay. Thanks for listening by the way, smart WQ a.m. Hello
I miss my candy came WQ a.m. Hello. How you doing?
Things to tell you about Bush and you want Bush shot he's got more old values. Yeah, more old values
More old values. Yeah, and he's got DAD
Not bad, but the deficit of tension disorder. Okay. Great. Thanks. Thanks for the good news WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, we put up Brian our class on that list. Yeah, we sure now we sure can he's kind of the spot like I still am by Miss Kamala for a couple weeks
We have Miss Norcross on there. Okay. He's the he's the only weather for you on the lucid the moment
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, sir
WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, hey, alright. I got a question. How many people do you think how many
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, uh, what Kelly Rippon that list? She she makes me ill physically. She anybody thinks that she's attractive, which George does
You got the nastiest face
I'm gonna tell you right now. I don't care what you say. She's ugly man
We don't care the heterosexual males of the world don't care what you say. Hey, I don't care about your your version of heterosexual males believe me
I don't care about that. I better taste them Kelly freaking Rippo
Okay, if she was walking in a van they land wall and you were sitting 15 feet away and she wasn't on television
You wouldn't look at her twice. Okay, but she's a piece of bird. She's a piece of turd. All right
She's nothing
You thought you'll end spawning was hot too. So what does that do? That's what you said to me? I thought she had big boobs
That's all I said you thought Josephine Baker was hot
Well, she's dead. No, I did. Yeah, I said I have a baby baby. You look warm a little bit, huh
Just a cigarette rest in the truck next time you'd rather through checkers and see what happens
Meal Rogers mornings in mid-div
And what's a wildfire?
560
We are
Why the hell you bastard
Well, I guess
Must be next time
Cosmology
Won't be a woman
That would be more bumpy
But she's confused
Old people
So
Yeah
I want to be a part of it.
A part is more than a pet story.
It's a part of a time the life may dawn on.
Using my ball of big reading balls.
Reading balls.
Right in the valley.
I know, did I let my ball fly?
It's snow from.
It's not from a day.
It's a letter of kiss.
It's not coming.
It's not coming.
It's not from a day.
It's snow.
One.
It's snow.
Of course it is.
It's not from a bus.
The moon is not my bus.
It's snow.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
I love the pink band band.
I love the red band.
You like that one?
But we're here in trouble.
The rest.
I don't even know the answer.
I want that one.
I'm not being stupid.
Forget it for me.
Just like he and his wife,
Kelly.
It was one of the things I'm only thinking.
You know, you're the one to turn.
Two, three.
You can't get it out.
I'm flying colleges.
I want to be a funny, nice, ain't got a jackal.
It's full of you.
Let go of me.
Go, go, go, go.
Get out of your vehicle.
You like my mom, Poppy?
157 at 5.
16.
Everybody was wearing a Poppy's here this week
because it was remembrance day yesterday.
Veterans day in the West.
Remember it's staying Canada, eh?
Remember?
No.
Mastered.
Weren't you wearing your eye Poppy?
I think that'd be boogie in your community, you know what I mean?
That's in Poppy community.
I wonder how it's going over in the checkers community.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, they got pizza burgers at checkers, man.
Somebody says I hate Barbara Walters.
How did we not put her on there?
I think you probably might have a stranger vote, right?
I think she's a lot more attracted than Kelly Rippo.
You would.
Not.
I just said that to aggravate and I'm sure I did.
Anyway, here's the way it's going so far.
Well, you know what we have to do if we haven't done it already.
We've got to put a link on our website today.
Get a whole bunch of hits over the weekend.
People that haven't seen Jim Rome or get bitch slapped by Jim Everton.
Like pussy ever.
What you think?
Okay.
You know, you've got, I don't know what your link you had
because it's all over the damn internet.
It's everywhere.
Also, if I get to you.
Okay, you could just have New York Times,
and all of us, and there's Jim Rome getting like bitch slapped.
Yeah, I love it.
It's a great thing.
Huh?
Also, I'm going to do that video.
Thank you watching this entirety.
Absolutely.
And wasn't it most entertaining and using it in a day or a while?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh man, missed a little beach shot there.
Mr. Pipsquake, okay, Ramy?
Little Pipsquake on power.
I love it.
Beautiful thing.
Anyway, the radio TV or movie celebrity you hate the most is
Rochland Ball.
Nobody even closed to Pilphop.
In Roch 279, Dr. Phil 78 and Colbert Deathbridge is moving up with 70.
Sean Hannity 64 and Bill O'Reilly 60.
Mostly right-wingers and other kind of phonies.
If you missed our attendable over the hour today,
which is kind of a bonus,
you missed some really good stuff for example.
Right?
What's the highlight?
That?
It is.
By the way, Wayne Chamber is still alive.
That's the good news.
Oh, Wayne Ferris and Bill Lawson is free for the situation, don't we?
And Buddy S. So would you say he'd date?
Yeah, I'd say.
Damn.
Oh.
Bye-bye-bye.
How are you?
I'm a doctor's case.
I'm a doctor.
I'm a doctor's case.
I'm a doctor's case.
My name is Fort Leonard.
I'm a doctor's case.
I'm a doctor's case.
I'm a doctor's case.
