In the wind, TKY, S-R-T-A-N-S-R
It seems I have changed once in my life
She's a plant ahead, but I'm calling to tomorrow's life
In that we want to send our own mind, so put up candy bar
From a living stream, I'm a car on the stream
With a minute to feed, and not to keep your skin
I used to call the change I made
She'd have written, she'd have wrote the tune
She'd have no, the fairy of trouble all the way back home
And my God, no way to go, that's why I'm asking you, Joe
I'm talking to the man down the door
I'm asking you to learn some change
But he and Joe, look what I just told you
If you want to pass a picture of all the rain, hope this lane's only accept
We are leading with the mind in trouble
I'm begging him to learn some change
But he and I, look how I just told you
If you want to pass a picture of all the rain, hope this lane's only accept
We are leading with the mind in trouble
I'm begging him to learn some change
But he and Joe, look how I just told you
If you want to pass a picture of all the rain, hope this lane's only accept
We are leading with the mind in trouble
Two more boys say they were molested by Michael Jackson, look at that eventually
We had a lot of fish to fry today, it's a holiday, so we're going to play a lot of bits
We don't have any fish to fry
Although I will tell you this, tell me
Before I do though, about the beast and clearance and where they are
Now you stop and think about it, because everybody else has befuddled us to where they are today
They're going to make me think
Yeah, all right, give the bad news
Here's more bad news than Iraqi child and two US soldiers died in three separate explosions today in Iraq
Coalition in Iraqi officials said
Two more soldiers and an Iraqi child and a whole bunch more people injured
But you notice we never hear about the injuries and the sororions like the Iraqi child
Because the you know, all of them don't care about Arabs
Anyway, 4,450 priests have been accused of sex abuse, this is the US Catholic Bishops conference report
Really?
Yeah, who made that?
It thought it was about 1300, this is between 1950 and 2002
4,450 just isolated incidents
Well, that's not the incident sets the number of priests
Many of whom had like ten or more incidents, but at any rate that we know that
We'll get all the numbers for you
Beast and clearance are in San Francisco
Getting
They're hitting hits
It's wrong with you
The bitch is getting hit
Line out hundreds of other couples are so what's wrong with a beast and clearance?
They'll come back with a big smile on their poos
Here's the result of the poll from Friday
A lot of votes are on there, there's nobody in town to this, so we're going to take a really slow
There's nobody around
Nobody in town, and I say more power to them
Boy, I was saying to George before the show started, it's a real commentary on South Florida, what it's all about
The fact that every time there's a 3-day weekend people just bail out of there like there was leprosy in the streets
Speaking of bad stuff in the streets, the Haitians are a little bit disturbed these days
Have you noticed that?
Yes, I'm not
They're revolting
Well, that's your opinion
Anyway, here's the result of the poll
Thank God I'm a real mechanic, you know what?
Yes indeed, and it's just before the show today, my fax machine, my printer fax, my great brother, mother-mother, it's a beautiful thing
Handy gym-dandy
And it got all jammed up there and I thought, oh, I was going to die right before the show, that's bad
But I got in there and I stuck my nose in it and I fixed it
Twenty-one hundred eighty-five votes, what's your take on the massive stereo all over the USA about filth on Radio and TV
And I think today could be the last day we can say crap
Okay, so let's say a lot
Brap, crap, crap, crap
Okay
And anybody after a stinking of taking a crap don't do that either
Until the crap police come into your house and check it out
Twenty-one eighty-five, the Bush government and the FCC are obscene, five hundred and thirty-two people said that
I don't want the government censoring my entertainment, 408
Let's have more sex, less violence
Oh, right!
Three hundred seventeen, what a bunch of crap
It was just one partial T- you morons, two fifty-two and that of course referring to Janet Jackson
And that whole flat from the Super Bowl that all of a sudden got everybody into this goody-two shoes mode
Freedom in America's dead, one hundred and seventy four said that
I agree, clean it all up now
Clean up all up now, one hundred and fifty-three, seven percent
Also, Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole, one hundred and fifty-three said that, a dead-footed tie
A flat-footed dead between those two
Whatever happened to freedom of speech, one hundred and thirty-three, I guess it's kind of specious now, right?
Yeah, and where do I get my passport quick, sixty-three out of nearly twenty-two hundred votes
I like I said there's nobody in town now, but I think that once they find out that Halle's buries are on our website today
And a very luscious pair by the way, it's a nice picture, that's from the movie What?
Sortish
Sortish, a horrible movie but a nice pair, so you get your emotions
There were some good explosions, really
I would imagine with her sitting around like that, you think there would be a lot of explosions
There would probably be many explosions from people in the audience, once they take a look at that picture and this keep perusing it, it'll be on there
How often are we going to change these?
Let me go for once a week, but you know who does, we'll play by it
Once a week or more, who does it?
Are you still in week?
W-E-A
Okay, now let's see, is this thing, look at that, the pull, that Eric Mann, you can't touch him
And of course, he's got the little things in there where you can vote on our hot couples contest
We got 35, thanks to everybody who sent in their pictures
I'm not making any comments about who I vote for and you are either
No, not
But
What?
Huh?
What an asshole
Oh, it's speaking of assholes, almost forgot, I'll tell you what an asshole is, George's
See, there's a difference between sucking around for free food and booze and having any self respect
You have no self respect, what am I going to do? I can't afford self respect, I have children to feed
If you were in the show up in Greg's surprise birthday party on Friday, it would have made no difference, you'd still be there
Yeah, but still, but what?
Free food and booze
And then I hear Joe Rose concerning and having a little crossover with Mo and Guilty, I guess everybody's getting the kind of mellow now, huh?
Before the fourth of March, when that next trend comes out, it's always kind of mellowing out
One good thing is we've got no pain in the ass of a middle-level management people because Muff, God don't know where she is, probably Key West
And parents in the East are in San Francisco, they're hitching it, they're at the old hitching club, I heard Duff was going to be the maid of honor
I heard he was going to be made
Let's see, oh, Sarah and Sean have got three votes real quick, I better not tell her who's got any votes because then, uh, okay
We'll go down to this little later on, but at least people are voting now, which is good
Outer hot couple scottest, first place winner at the end of the week, are we going to make the deadline on Friday at two?
I thought that's what we, uh, discussed
I say we'll make it Friday at like 155, so we can read it
Yeah, so we can put it on the air, that would be a little more excitement
Sure
Two more boys, uh, two more
Say they were molested by Michael Jackson, and then I got the rest of that Michael Jackson thing to read from Van the Fair
I know it's ponderous, too much reading, we know that they don't like that
So we'll take a lot of calls like this one, WQI-M
Boring, you're boring, you're boring, you're right
He's looking into me, he said it's boring
Although it sounds like he's been guarding with razor blades this morning
Now you'll notice I guarantee you anything that there are so few people in town
But you'll notice that every one of the nut cases, every one of the regular goofball jobs, they'll all be there
You'll see, we'll hear from each and every one today
Even though it's President's Day, it's a big freaking holiday
Here's our poll today, let's get that up there, too, before we get into our heavy duty stuff
And play lots and lots of crap
Isn't that what we want to do?
Yeah, man
Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal?
Let's see, two, four, six, eight, ten
We got ten scandals on here
Besides one of the day, let this jackass out, they just called again
When you like to just take a baseball back to that, there's a list, I have a list
Mmm, man
Get out that old Louisville slugger, the one that we got, children up against the wall on there
Watergate, Monica Penisgate, invasion of Iraq based on lies
Michael Jackson, child molestation charges, John Kerry, Drudgegate, which by the way, missed Drudge
Didn't do too big over the weekend, a couple of front page stories, and then cut a fizzled out
Wented out and all fizzled out
And Kerry wins big in the Vanden Washington DC
Howard Dean's got the tourists, he's got a mental problem
Anyway, John Kerry, Drudgegate, I don't think that's going to get many votes
Kerry hearted on a rice, remember that?
Oh yeah
Vatican banking scandal, priest child abuse scandal, which is a very timely day for that
4,450 priests accused between 1950 and 2002 of molesting children
Gary Coddett, John Relief, that's old news, small potatoes, but we'll put it on
And OJ Simpson murder charges
Could I run those down again?
I don't think Robert Blake deserves to be on here yet, do you?
Yeah, why not, it's a real deal
Okay, he killed the bitch
And she deserved it
Robert Blake murdered charges, although no, we might think that Christian did it
Robert Blake, okay, we'll add that one on there
Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal, Watergate, Monaco Penisgate, WCYM?
Chambar?
Invasion of Iraq based on lies, Michael Jackson, Chambalastation charges, John Kerry, Drudgegate
See what I mean?
Oh I don't know
See the lifeless ones, they never leave town, they're always there, they have no life, they have no cash, they have no job, they have no nothing
And so they're just sitting there glued to their phone waiting for their few moments in the sunshine
And he had changed for a bus ticket
Gary Hark, Donna Rice, Vatican Banking, Scandal, Priest Child of Youth, Scandal, Gary Conda, John Relief, E.O.J Simpson murder charges, Robert Blake murder charges
You might leave anything out
Think about it
WQA, I'm here
For their few moments in the timeline, hello
Hey, yeah
Yes sir
Well, we had to stop it, all these off priests, so we hear Melissa from the tech case that go on over here, as well or what?
Yes, all over the world
All right, hey, I got a job, I got cash
Oh, you're funny
It's a Catholic thing, WQA and her
What did you call her?
See they're all on
You don't have to let me down, I told you
It could be a perfect day
When the chips are down, man, these folks are always there to bail us out
Make no mistake about it, because there's nobody with a brain that's still in that town this 3D weekend
And for a lot of people, they took off Friday, it was like a full day weekend, what's not to like
We're here, though, working our brains off to entertain and amuse and bore the crap out of the audience
Club minutes after the hour, we got the mad dog, too
We got pretty pristine lot of considering it's a holiday, it's a paid holiday
And George did show up and suck redweeds asked on Friday night in a surprise birthday party at the Boka
Where was it?
Boka Golf Club, Country Club, something like that
But, mad dog didn't show
Oh, right, Hank didn't show
Oh, right
Joe Rose didn't show
Oh, right
And he K didn't show
So, I certainly wasn't going to fly down for that crack, ready to show
So, there you go
I just can't believe what little self-respect you've got
Anything per free meal
It's pathetic
I've taught you nothing over all of these years
I've taught you a little bit about free meals
Here's a guy, I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez
Here's a guy who appreciates you about as much as somebody appreciates a cricket that crawls up their ass
Yeah
That's how much he appreciates you
Yeah
Still never to last
We still have to put on our phone and he said
Hey Greg, happy birthday, Greg, you schmuck
But you know what I said
Yeah, hey listen, that was a compliment, that was several upgrades
1013 when it comes to mattresses, America's leading brand is Celia
The Celia Poster Pedecline is world famous for comfort and durability
If you want rock bottom prices on the entire line of a brand new Celia Poster Pedecline every day
365 days a year called 1-800-MACRUS
That's the number for our good Pizons if dial amatrus
Dial amatrus carry the complete line of Celia and other even easier to care for than ever before
Because Celia's new line of Poster Pedecline has never have to be flipped or rotated
Just like the beast
Just set it up and enjoy years of comfort and fact they'll set it up for you
These beds are constructed to provide optimal comfort on the sleeping service and last for years and years
So just make that one easy call right now 1-800-MACRUS
And speak with an expert bed and console
Neural enjoy service ranked the best anywhere for overall customer satisfaction
With low prices, same day delivery, free setup and removal is easy to see
While dial amatrus is ranked numerous owner and customer satisfaction even where they don't speak Spanish
So enjoy a great night's sleep tonight with a Celia Poster Pedecline from dial amatrus
I've been doing it for years George Volkabrine, Miguel Fatboy
All the smart folks in some way and so smart at QAIM are doing it too
Just call 1-800-MACRUS
They'll be knocking on your door in no time at all
1-800-MATTRES
Or online it's mattress.com
It's my...
And law
This is 430560
You and...
You and...
Not that you have to stop
Welcome to Larry King Live joining us tonight is Osama Ben Live
Welcome to the show
Thank you
So...
Osama, what time you got?
Let's see...
That's past the hell with my eyes
So this is your first appearance on American television right?
We're not exactly like that, but this is very damn worth it
That's right, well at 9-11 things pretty much forgotten
Stop living in the past, right?
Of course, not preventing the bush from removing the American basis from the soil as I waived
So all those warnings?
No, I got what I wanted
So how's that dialysis coming along?
I praise our local huddy, isn't that tells us not to wear a pants?
Not so long for the bad you see?
Yes
Okay, let's take a call from two eggs, Vlad
What's the question?
Yeah, Larry, I got me a question
You've got a question?
Osama?
Yeah
You've got a change for a 5
I have to go up, but I have no one
Okay, thanks for joining us tonight, Osama
Praise our Lord
Yeah, yeah
You'll be seeing Osama in October, surprise
This fall on CBS
We'll be back with Tristan Ryden
Right after this
Have we seen Osama and Jeff Rimmer together?
Hey, could bring their wallet
10-18 at 5-60 WQ
And look at this, the correct answer I think maybe wouldn't look at the pool so far
Oh, I didn't look after I voted
Which of these was the biggest scandal?
Inpatient of Iraq based on lies 27
Two more dead American soldiers by the way
Which barely even gets noticed anymore in the media
That's why I always start to show where those are stats every day
Because nobody even talks about it no more
It's kind of like in Vietnam
Well, speaking of Vietnam, the Doctor John Kerry
Jane Fond de Pature will get to that
Not that they're doing no dirty tricks
Nothing like that
No
That's how desperate they are
I mean, they're in a total panic
They're in a free fall, they're in a White House
And it's so great to see
47 votes, 27 say inpatient of Iraq based on lies
9, priest, child abuse scandal
OJ Simpson murder charges, 4, Watergate 3
Vatican banking scandal 2
Gary Coddett and Sean Reliviewone
And the Michael Jackson-Talamola station charges only got 1
It's early
Fifth of a busy looking at Halle's varies
It's just amazing
And I would suggest, I mean, just me
We better leave that on for a couple of days
Because a lot of people are out of time
We don't want the regular audience other than the nut jobs
We don't want them to miss Halle's varies
But I say every two days we change it
And they don't have to be celebrities
All right
In other words, just some hot-looking babe with some big hooters
That's all
Okay
And the more pornographic, the better, why not?
Okay
Don't you understand?
Sure
I'm going to sit back this November
I'm going to bet your life on it right now
That Gary wins Florida
Why do you like that?
He's going to win Florida big time
In fact, by so much that even without being able to
Well, of course, you never know what these voting machines
Right
But anyway, it's not going to be a big deal
That's my prediction
So are we adding that one on there?
It also rubberbed yet
Yeah
Okay, we got rubberbed and never any yet
He won't get any
No
Bichatti Cove
Certainly John Kerry and Drudgegate
That whole thing, man, did I have wings or what?
No
God
Here's the, oh good, lots of death's to reports is our daily death reporter
Hubkittle
Who?
Colorful baseball coach and pitching instructor began in 1936
As a minor league pitcher and continued working in baseball all the way
And up your pitch until 2003 when he served as special
A little pitching instructor for the Seattle Mariners
Died February 10th at a hospital in the Yakima, Washington
Of kidney failure and diabetes at 86
Oh, that's old enough
Tony Pope, Vancouver, what is it voiceover artist
Whose cartoon career included the Transformers, Spider-Man,
Tailspin, Digimon, and the Adventures of Teddy Ruckspin
I'm beside myself
What?
Oh, I don't know
You know who Tony Pope was?
No, I do not
The Pope stood
As well as numerous did and don't be below no smoke about it either
Numbers Disney Cartels whose movie credits include
Who Frame Broadger Mabbet, Shrek, Drek, The Prince of Light
I February 11th in LA due to complications during leg surgery
At the age of 56, oh man
And Scott Walker had died, oh oh
Well-berweight boxer, one of the sports strangest characters
During the 90s who fought under the moniker of the pink cat
Were in pink boxing trunks and slipped back Carol A James Dean
Had a lifetime record of 25 and 7 with 13 KOs
Among whose thoughts were went over Alex Arguello in 1995
And lost the Julio Caesar Chavez in 96
Was found in January 31st in Apache Junction, Arizona
A Vons specified cost as he was 34
I always liked those unspecified causes
He did, well why?
Well, we can't figure it out yet, but let's you know
Don't ask questions
Right, he ain't breathing
Don't look too good
Speak it, I don't look too good, wait a minute
WQA, hello
QA, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Yeah, let's talk to Neil, please
Speaking
Neil, I want to know something, why is it that
What did that field casper was referred to as president?
What would you call him besides son of a bitch? What would you call him?
Well, you just think later
What was the last election you won for presidency?
Two years ago
Two years ago
And you will vote, get out of here, get out of here
Go back to Cuba man, we're here, cut the crap
Cut the crap
We talked about cut the crap
Anybody give a flying thing about cut the crap
No
God, they're right in the streets in Haiti man
Because we got our boy, Aristide, who makes a baby duck and pop a duck
Looked like a Sunday school preachers
Oh, that's where I shouldn't say that
What's up doc?
Two more boys say they were molested by Michael Jackson
Their stories could put Michael behind bars for a decade or more
All right
Says the prestigious national inquirer
Which is so far ahead of everybody else that it's scary
In a blockbuster new development, law enforcement authorities have located two more boys who claim they were molested by Michael Jackson
The inquirers learned exclusively
The boys came forward just weeks ago in mid-January where their stories could virtually guarantee a prison term for the 45-year-old king of pop
Oh!
Cop say this is the big break they've been looking for
A source post of the investigation told the inquirer
Two more witnesses telling consistent and truthful stories to demonstrate a similar pattern
But illegal behavior from Jackson could put the singer behind bars for a decade or more
They keep saying that over and over again which is very good
The new hell have a great time in here
The new underage witnesses live in the LA area and both say their sexual encounters with Jackson occurred within the past year
Both also say that Jackson applied them with wine crawling at Jesus' juice
Let's have some Jesus' juice
Jesus, that's good
Did Greg serve Jesus' juice at his surprise birthday party Friday night?
Oh, he didn't serve it
It was there though
No class
This is the same scenario described by the Kansas Ricken boy who's at the center of charges filed against Jackson currently
The boys were located after their parents called polies
The parents have to be coming aware of the charges against Jackson
Question their children would spend time with them
These kids unrelated to each other and the first alleged victim pulled their parents that Michael had given them wine and engaged in sexual behavior with them
Try the wine?
Hahaha
Oh!
Perhaps if any of you parents are both potential new witnesses and discuss their options
The parents are nervous about the situation and the cooperation with criminal investigations is not assured at this point
But investigators believe they'll cooperate and turn the criminal evidence against Jackson into a powerhouse
And it says the boys in the LA area aren't the only ones police are talking
Do they'll soon be flagged in the air or city to talk to someone involved in the original child molestation allegations made 10 years ago
They also plan on taking a trip to
Yow
Miami
To talk to other potential witnesses in the case
In addition
A second boy who claimed years ago that he was sexually molested by Jackson and left the country as returned
And he too could testify
Can't you just hear the parliament's now singing I Want to testify?
I want that record, Volkabry
I want that song I want to testify by the parliament so I love that
Don't you love it?
It's good
You don't even know the song
Yeah I do
Sing a little bit of it
Oh don't do it
Let's see Iran counter the worst
Well put that on there was a scandal was the whole alley north Iran counter we lied
Okay John whatever you say Iran country want to put that on there?
Sure what I ask Reagan about it. He may have forgotten some of the details. He'll ask him about it
So we're adding some more to this list which is okay lots of scandals man. We're talking big
Who's the juicy scandals top V-nade discusses plants to that carry
You know I don't want to say that Howard Dean is like a little uh maybe the pressure got to him you think maybe that's what set him off
Because he's just lost it. I'm not so sure he ever really had it you know he was a he was a creation of the internet
And that should speak for itself shouldn't it because we know about a lot of the people who spend much too much time on the internet
But he's just refuses to say goodbye. It's one that's like the you know the guest the uninvited guest who came to there and just kind of like
Made himself comfortable on the couch
Turn on the TV grab a hold of the remote and that's it and screw you the man who came to dinner and never left
That's Howard Dean he won't go away but
Steve Grossman who is the chairman of the Dean
Presidential campaign says that if Dean doesn't win in Wisconsin tomorrow
Which is there any chance that he will that he's gonna leave and then we'll join the carry race
He says I will reach out to John Curie and unless he reaches out to me first
I'll make it clear that I'll do anything and everything I can to help become the next president and
Dean's got no chance to win Wisconsin on a scale of zero he's got minus infinity tomorrow
His crowds you can't complain about the crowds for his speeches anymore because there aren't any there like hundreds of empty seats no matter where he speaks
Because he's done he's finished you're done Howard nice try hey Howard absolutely done maybe I can help
Is it is it all people named Howard you just don't know when they're done is that with the problem?
Absolutely 27 after 10 at 560 W2Q he was there sucking up the free votes you get to meet him eat his wife?
I didn't meet his wife I mean I saw her there but
In other words you didn't the consort with Moan Mrs. Maas he was walking by we you know had a
I don't know a moment but we never reach out yeah no like a hello Howard kind of a moment but he didn't introduce his wife
And I didn't just lie in or nothing in other words it was a little frigid little chilly brief I see anyway
Everybody in their brother is on the Atkins now and I'm going to tell you one thing
Even when he was alive he was never as popular as he is now he was on Saturday on Larry King even though he's dead
And his wife's going to be on what's your name Veronica Atkins is going to be on the right it's going to be great
I hope she's not fat anyway if you're on the Atkins really they're low carb diet man are you going to love this story
Delights away spoken because they got something that your supermarkets don't have for Atkins or other low carb diets and that's variety
They've got over a thousand low-car products and stock including breads and bagels cookies and crackers
Things with some taste to them chips and brownies cheesecakes chocolates ice cream pasta sauces and ketchup
And Delights you'll find a wider selection anywhere in the universe they're open every day seven days a week from 10 to the end to 10 p.m.
And one of the great things of Delights you can try anything in the store before you buy it to see if you likes it
And there's staff knows dieting inside and after experts when it comes to low carb and they have the complete line the biggest selection atkins brands products anywhere which are on sale today
Next took us to eat some tissue above every day so the low carb diet is rated number one one I've hit for the number one low carb
Sugar restart anywhere Delights away spoke you'll find them on the northeast quarter of glades in 441 right next door to Boston market you can call them tool free
1 877 low carb LOWCAR be around the web you'll find them at lowcarb.com
There's only one Delights away spoken it is your official atkins retail center
My life and local this is for real high 60
You ain't way ahead
Wow you're one girl
Wow
I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man that but I have my share man I've been everywhere
I've been in the sky goes far go minutes on the level of Toronto whistles
So the winter goes on your home on the cap a pound of a battle a lot of them
We're gonna South Carolina and also home and Arizona
I know the home I knew I was the girl in Texas in New York
I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I
've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhereman I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man
And that's it. That's all he says.
And he has that blank look on his post like,
don't confuse me with the facts.
I'm Mr. Oblivious.
I told you there was something a little bit off.
And he does. He looks exactly like
your castella will in a few years.
I'm telling you right now, even though you're in denial.
Hey, listen, you went to Greg's birthday party.
So what do you know about life?
What do you know about life?
Well, you will be if you go to one more of those.
You're the one that taught me how to do free meals.
Yeah, free meals if they're, but not something like that.
You know, the ratings parties or the station Christmas party.
Fine. That's great.
What's the degree?
Greg reads surprise birthday party.
Yeah.
My God.
I did a Boka country club.
I can't afford to go there.
Was Boka Brian there?
No.
He can have Boka?
Yeah.
Right.
No.
See, even he's got enough self respect.
He wasn't invited.
Of course he was.
He was associated with his show.
He was not invited.
Anybody that was Josh there?
Were you there?
He was not invited.
What do you mean?
He's associated with his show.
Somebody had a represent.
Oh, that's right.
You were there to represent the Neil Rogers show at Greg's party and pretend that we
really care.
We don't care, Greg.
OK.
We're not even going to wish you happy birthday to you stranger.
You don't even show his push one on there and go wise choice.
We know the way he's stabbed us in a heart, right through the heart, not in the back,
but right through the heart.
But nevertheless, photograph show Senator Kerry with Jane fond and anti-war rally.
The only problem is it's photo.
It's a fake.
It's Erzatz.
It's on our website.
You can take a look at that when you're through checking out Halle's buries.
You want to see the response we're getting already, even though there's nobody in town?
Yeah.
I'll show you.
Good evening.
Good evening, Mr. Chair.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I just wondered.
Did you happen to see the Michael Moore show on Showtime last night?
No, I did not.
Oh my God.
You missed it.
He did it all about the combine ammunition that they bought from came line.
Yeah, he made came line stop selling ammunition.
Right.
He went to Charlton, Hasden House, and he said, yeah, I'm a director of Charlton, Hasden
got off pumped up.
Yeah.
That's in pulling for Columbine.
Oh, yeah.
There was another one.
In other words, the movie was on.
Yes.
Oh, I've seen a movie.
No, it wasn't a movie.
It was a documentary about Michael Moore.
Michael Moore.
Do you want to Charlton, Hasden House and Charlton, Hasden?
Oh, yeah.
Have a great day, pal.
I keep that guy rushes old hearing.
Go away, please.
I've seen bowling for Columbine last night.
No, I watched a little of it.
Yeah.
I've seen bowling for Columbine twice, sir.
Okay.
It was not a documentary about Michael Moore's life.
It was a documentary about his thing.
Not no big deal.
And anyway, it was a great movie and everybody ought to be forced to watch it.
And yes, I have seen it, sir.
And you just don't even understand.
You don't get it.
That's what bowling for Columbine is.
So it's a documentary won the Academy Award for Best Documentary last year.
But nevertheless, getting back to this picture, which after you're through, we're checking
out how these buries.
Here's a picture of, it says, actress and anti-war activist, Jane Fonda speaks to a crowd
of Vietnam veterans.
As activists and former Vietnam vet, John Kerry listens and prepares to speak, and certainly
war in Vietnam.
And it says, AP photo.
The only problem is it's fake.
And you'll see, as you look a little bit down, you'll see that the real photo, which
showed John Kerry is sitting there by himself with nobody next to him.
And Jane Fonda is cropped in.
The original photograph captured Kerry alone, preparing to give a speech at the register
for Peace Valley in Minneapolis, New York, June 13th, 1970, three months prior to the
event pictured in the previous Fonda, Kerry photo.
Someone has grabbed an image of Jane Fonda with a microphone on the picture and mocked
it up as a newspaper photo to create an impression of a closeness between the subjects.
So that's part of the whole Shimmer thing.
Oh, yeah, he's got this intern.
He's got this brought over there in Africa now, whose name has been outed already, the
picture.
And nobody cares about that, because there's not even a story there.
Well, he came onto where he did.
Yeah.
I noticed Miss Fudge has already voted on our poll.
Do you see that?
No, I haven't.
You know how you know that?
Because John Kerry and Druggate has got one vote.
Nice going, Matt.
Nobody's buying it at any rate.
5.67, I want to give his many crank, I mean, his many great calls on today as we can, because
it is a holiday.
And I think I've proved my point.
And this last guy who started out, I thought he was a real call, you know what?
He was like, he thought he was a real call, but nevertheless.
It was a documentary on Michael Moore's life.
Sure.
Isn't that what they had on Showtime last night?
A documentary on Moore's life.
It was a documentary on Michael Moore's life.
That's right.
It started when he was a baby.
Exactly.
And it ends when he dies.
5.6.
7.0.5.
60.
We haven't heard from, let's see, what does it guys think?
You're sort of a miserable son of a him, not from him.
You're a husky guy.
You're a miserable son of a bitch.
Yeah, the one who drags it out.
He'll be on there.
Yeah.
He don't have money for Bustick at either.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah, how you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, pal.
I went to the day to 500 yesterday.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
I'm well, the president was that.
I don't know if you heard that or not.
Yeah, I know.
The section he was in, I happen to be sitting in.
To get in there, it was about a three hour wait to get through the metal detectors.
You had to get searched, you had to get checked.
All these things, you know.
He stayed perhaps the race.
He used it as a public speaking ground.
He was incredible.
One of the interviews, he was asked about why he's at the race.
He said that he was talking to a senator.
And he almost said that if you want to get reelected, you need to get down and see the
races.
But he stopped mid-sentence and totally backed out of the question.
It was pretty cool.
Really?
He left halfway through the race.
There was a lot of booze there, which was, you know, that's kind of good for all those
red necks to be doing.
That's right.
Well, that's what I thought.
That's the whole purpose of it.
But, no, there was more negative towards them than positive.
We might be getting in the right direction.
Well, he is a danger to the race, the human race.
Thanks for the good news, family.
Have a great life.
Okay, and don't go back to the thing again.
Where they go around, around, around, around.
Oh, boy.
Man, that stuff just leaves me limp.
But to reach its own, you know, there are some people like horse racing, which is very
exciting.
And you know, can actually make a few bucks on it or lose.
And then there are other people who want to watch cars go around, around, you know.
But the good news is, what's his name, what's his name?
What's his name?
They learn hard, Junior.
Oh, yeah, little one race.
There were only reasons I know that is because they just had it on CNN a little while ago
and does anybody care?
And one thing I don't want to name, I don't want to hear it.
Do you know who really pisses me off?
Who really pisses me off?
Rich assholes.
I mean, if you're a rich person, more power to you.
If, you know, but if you're a rich asshole, then you really piss me off.
Just take your money and go away.
We don't want to see you no more.
Those are the people I respect.
They made a lot of money.
They were enjoying it.
They leave us alone.
More power to them.
I love those people.
In fact, maybe they'll send me some of it.
But people like George Steinbrenner just make me want to get, oh, he's got A-Raw.
The A-Q is 25 million dollar man.
You know something, blow out your ass.
Both A-Raw and Steinbrenner.
Blow out your ass.
I'm so glad that I don't have anything to do with baseball no more.
I don't watch it.
I don't care about it.
I'm not interested in it.
When I started with Easton in 12 and 13 and 15, 20 million dollar salaries, I said,
my buy.
That's it.
It's not even a sick joke.
It's pathetic.
But nevertheless, see, George is safe because he doesn't care about any of it.
Huh?
So how do you like George Steinbrenner?
Who?
Oh, look at me.
He's got two things.
He's got tons of money.
And he's got a big, big fat eagle.
Oh, we're going to win the World Series.
I'm going to win the World Series.
I'm going to win the World Series.
Just like Wayne did, you know, back in 97, the same crap.
Both the World Series and instead everybody threw the heart.
Those of you who want to subsidize billionaires, men, you go right ahead.
They can suck my kneecaps.
10, 41 at 5, 60, pretty tasty, too, by the way, Wayne.
Hey, if you're planning on replacing your carpeting because they look pretty nasty
and they don't smell too good either, don't waste all of that cash.
Unless you're a billionaire like Steinbrenner or Wayne.
If you want your area rugs and your carpeting, you drape for your poultry all looking just
like you had it bought yesterday, like it's brand new.
Just call my good friends and drive concepts.
Please don't waste all the other cash because they'll give you a fair guaranteed, written
price up front before they start the job.
They'll roll up their sleeves and then they'll go about doing a job like you've never seen
before.
They'll make even this schmutziest looking carpets in the world looking smell just like brand
new.
That is correct.
They leave them vibrant and color soft to the touch.
They smell them any fresh.
They dry in a couple of hours and everybody who comes into your home will think you have
brand new lead right on your floor.
Like I said, no rip offs or guaranteed written price right up front before they start
the work and when they're done, it's like a miracle's happened in your house.
When you do call drive concepts, be sure to ask them to put you under stand violinist
which will save you an extra 15% on the already unbeatable price to these two pennies
job they do for you.
Here's the number to call tool free 1-800-248-5071.
I've been using them in my home for over 20 years.
You ought to be doing the same because nobody does it like drive concepts 1-800-248-5071
or check them out of the web at driveconcepts.com.
I'm a 5-10 local artist, 6560.
There are years of yours.
Thank you, Ian.
Rashes a junky head.
Oh, no, no, that would please cry.
Medication.
I know it will.
Rashes a junky head.
Oh, no, no, that would be my direction.
For my back hair.
Rashes a junky head.
Now that I've always built a stage,
I can't even look at stage.
I hope for a little way.
Rashes a junky.
Rashes a junky.
Oh, what's up?
What's up?
It brings me down.
It looks so much better.
Let's build down.
I got so high that I was close to rehab place 1-12 firmly.
I got more ground.
Rashes a junky.
Rashes a junky head.
Oh, it's a junky head.
Oh, it's a junky head.
Oh, it's a junky head.
10-46 and 5-60 WDQM.
Look at how many votes they're leading couples, guys.
30, man.
Sarah and Sean.
Now that's your come as no surprise because Sarah is showing us her nips.
Thank you, Sarah, for that.
And they're obviously for real.
She isn't having those overblown gigantic bloated phony baloney.
Water balloon kind of teets, right?
I sure wish Monica had shared.
Let's see, second place, you got Monica and Brian.
You got about 20.
I just read the top few because we got 35.
That would kill the whole show.
Do you know what I'm saying?
So like I said, I'll read them all twice.
Well, that's a holiday for crying out loud.
Aaron and Brandon got 17.
They were in our last year in the contest.
They gave it a shot.
They're in third place right now with 17.
Nothing wrong with them.
Jusiel and Rick, I totally they would do well.
13.
Can I tell you that?
Kyrgyz and Joe got a dozen.
Jesse and Jeffrey have got 10.
They were also last year gave it a shot.
Also nothing wrong with them.
Carmen and Danny six.
Lina and Andy have got five.
Look at those perverts, those old perves.
Lucy and Dave have got five.
Nice going guys.
Go to Sherry and never too old to go.
You go guys.
Anyway, that's what we got so far.
Everybody else is smaller potatoes.
We'll get to them.
567.0560, pound 560 on the 18th.
Verizon Wireless Line.
Canada condemns racist Conan O'Brien TV show.
Oh my God.
It's frogs who have been on a ship.
They're pissed off and done.
Sherry, they're pissed off in the world.
We can't help it.
All you frogs, everybody hates French Canadians.
Especially in South Florida.
You can relate to this.
You don't know who hates them too.
Who's that?
The French.
The French.
The French in France?
Yes.
Who the hell did they talk?
Who?
They ever went in France?
No.
Don't.
Okay.
Canada's government fried a condemned a show by you.
And of course Conan O'Brien was here most the last week.
And just the ratings in Canada for that show were just
by so far the biggest ever for late night show.
I mean humongous.
Anyway, condemned to show by US late night TV show host Conan O'Brien
and insulted French speaking people in Quebec.
And seemed to suggest everybody in Quebec province was homosexual.
Well, we know that.
Absolutely.
And of course they could have included this Ontario too.
Absolutely.
In the whole country probably except for a few cowboys and cavalry.
And we're not too sure about them.
And in Moustache.
I guess the further northeagate you might find a few stray,
strayed people like up there in a medicine hat.
Ottawa and the province of Ontario paid $760 grand to help O'Brien
who appears on NBC bringing a show to Toronto last week
for the boost the city's profile after that horrendous SARS outbreak last year
that just about killed the city.
But the federal government said O'Brien had gone too far
with the show broadcast on Thursday in which he went to Quebec
a province which has had a separateist government for much of the last 20 years
and is a delicate political topic in Canada.
We wanted to disassociate ourselves from the comments
which were broadcast last night because we don't support the minute
anyway to you and your government minister,
Moriel Belange told parliament.
You know Mr. Belange?
Not personally though.
And one point, by the way, how can they call Castro President?
At one point in the show, trying out the insults of Canada.
See I don't know who triumph is because I don't watch Conan O'Brien do you?
Toronto is all over the place.
He has crossed over.
He's been on other shows.
He's been on cross-dresses.
He's been on cross-dresses.
Well there's nothing like a cross-dressing insult of Canada.
He pulls no punches and it's a gar smoking pool.
Oh he did.
That's a rip off on Ed the sock.
Ed the sock on much TV.
Yeah whatever.
Right?
Who does?
Who does?
The sock has been on there for years.
That's just a rip off.
I handpup it that's a ranger around the show.
Sit to a Quebecer.
Your French rob notches and you know speaking English.
It told another I can smell your crotch from here.
Wow, so what's wrong with those comments?
O'Brien's team were also shown replacing street signs in the province
with those that read Quebec Queer Street and the poster Quebecer,
Quebec Queer Street and Rude Pousses.
See it's a good thing I'm reading that in French because
I didn't want to be in the crack.
Alexi MacDonald, a legislator for the left-leaning new Democrats,
described the program as racist, filth, and utterly vile
and demanded the government's secret turn the million-dollar Canadian subsidy.
There may be those who say, isn't this interfering with human expression?
It's not interfering to say we will not publicly fund this kind of vile,
vicious hate-mongering, gun-at-til reporters,
but long as they didn't commit to asking for money back.
Peter Sumalia, say Toronto Business Manager,
helped bring the show to the city, said the sketch was just a joke
and called the fewer a tempest in a pea pod.
Quebec is the home of some great comics queenians.
He said they understand comedy.
Nobody at NBC was available for comedy, yada yada.
So only the frauds were all bent out of shape.
Everybody else loved it, like they did everywhere else.
You go cone in even though I don't watch your show.
So you didn't actually say what you watched your show or not?
Oh, I've seen it, but I don't watch it.
Does that make any sense?
Yeah, that's good.
You almost redeemed yourself for going to Griggs.
Surprise birthday party.
Hey, surprise, Greg!
Oh, look at that.
They tone a beat, speaking of that callery head moment
to go to the day tone of 500.
A beer soaked, Nadia Peris Wells looked shaken.
She and 35 other George Bush protesters had encountered plenty
of profanity along their parade march Sunday,
to the Daytona National Speedway from Embryville,
Aeronautical University, but a beer bottle thrown
by an enraged race band turned to send it near disaster.
The glass bottle shattered on a neural aluminum pool,
barely missing the head of Peris Wells, a 23-year-old
Embry-Riddle student.
That was real close, she said, watching as a police officer
let a woman away in handcuffs, I'm glad they've copped
right after they handled it real well.
One of the protest organizers, 21-year-old Majid Vaseg,
an Embry-Riddle senior said Bush needed to know he didn't
necessarily have the NASCAR dad vote in the bag.
Unless you own a race car, you're not going to be benefited
by Bush and the policies, he said.
The protestors, young and old, carried signs
that the red drop Bush not bombs, and Bush-Lied Americans
died while chanting, hey, hey, ho ho, George Bush has got to go.
Amen, hey, hey, ho ho, give old Bush the old he-ho.
Nice going.
How do you like that?
Well, he probably fit in well.
He was in his environment with a lot of Yahoo's.
You know, I realized not everybody coasts all those
of races as a bunch of Yahoo's.
You got a couple of grease balls like Joe Costello,
and that's about it.
And then our previous caller who didn't sound like a Yahoo
at all didn't he?
Nope.
Sound like he, you know, bright enough to know better.
But that's okay.
It's an international sport, don't you know?
I don't care.
Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal ever?
239 votes.
Invasive Iraq based on lies 92.
Two more dead American soldiers by the way today.
Which nobody's even paying attention to anymore.
It'll be 600 before long, and it'll be 700.
Oh, but we're going to have those elections by the end of July, are we?
No.
We're going to turn everything over to them and get that out.
Are we? No.
In 2006, priest Chowdoby's scandal 37.
Maybe the reason it's not getting more votes is because it was no surprise to anybody.
Although I should have a lot more votes than that, shouldn't it?
It ought to.
Watergate 19.
OJ Simpson murdered charge only 16.
I know.
Once upon a time we could have done this poll and OJ would have been right up there on top.
But he's slipping.
Oh, man.
Yeah. Well, he'll be killed two people.
Monica penis gate 10.
Vatican banking scandal 7.
Michael Jackson, tribal, a station charges 4.
Orion, contra 4.
How's Olly North doing?
Gary Conn of Chomber, leave you to Gary Hart on a rice one.
John Kerry, drugs gate 1.
So Matt's voted.
Nice going, Miss Fudge.
Hope you have a nice time back there.
And Robert Plake, murder charges none.
239 votes.
And that's because, uh, unlike Nicole, this bitch body Lee, she had a comment.
Every American could agree with that, right?
Right.
So maybe your sister.
Her sister?
Yeah.
Well, you have a sister?
Probably know this scam and bitch just like her.
How do you know that?
I don't know that.
But, you know, how DNA works.
Next thing you know, you're going to be making drug charges against your sister.
So that she was kind of a dope pillar, maybe just a dope.
Or it's surprisingly.
There's just something about the deep south.
I don't care what any of you say, man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Any of you who say guess what movie I saw over the weekend?
Well, I totally the one I saw, which I came across by accident with Johnny Depp.
And as soon as I see Johnny Depp, I, it's now set up to pay attention.
The movie is called Dead Man.
Very, very strange.
And an excellent movie.
It's just, you know, strange.
And the other movie was Mrs. Hibby Burning, which I've seen many, many, many times.
And it makes me realize that the more things change, the more they stay the same.
The deep south and the US.
We need to have a separation of the states.
We need to go back to North and South, right, where the twins shall meet.
And South Florida can just kind of float.
Part of it can float south, which it's already there, I think.
And the rest of it can just float off into the Atlantic.
Or maybe off over by the Bahamas somewhere.
Okay.
Bring a little bit of civilization to some of those barbarians over there.
Yamaha.
Into Bahamas.
Just a joke. We're just funny.
Okay. No, we're not.
Who are we to talk?
Yeah.
Now, some of those barbarians over there.
Yamaha.
Isn't that what they call the Bahamians Bahamian barbarians?
Oh, I got bad news for those people for the barbarians.
Be sure to vote for your four times November, because it says here the 2000 pool problems may be turned.
Despite the help America vote act signed in 2002 to improve the electoral system,
well, first of all, the electoral college systems got to go.
32 million registered voters still will be using punch cards this November in the presidential election,
according to a report released last week.
Illinois, Missouri, Ohio, Tennessee, and Utah will have the largest number of counties trying to use punch cards.
Florida, where the system of course was a nightmare, is replaced all its punch card machines.
We do either optical or electronic equipment, but the bad news is that Bobby Waxler lost that lawsuit.
And we're not going to have any paper trail so they can just make it make it up as they go along.
It's a possibility you can still have a problem in 2004 if the election is closed, Kimble Brace,
president of election, data services, and said during news conference on Thursday,
changing has been made to probably not as much as we anticipated.
And Yadi Yadi, well, in other words, if it's too close, the fix might be in.
So be sure and vote for Carrie 1520 maybe just to be on the safe side, because if it's too close, then the fix will be in.
Four minutes before 11 at 5.60 WDQM, and to Rex Diabetic is a delicious meal replacement drink that happens made for people like me living with diabetes.
Or for anybody else who wants to cut down their sugar intake, because we know beyond the shadow of a doubt that sugar kills.
And to Rex Diabetic is sweetened with splendor, which is made from sugar.
So there's no nasty active taste like you with aspartame and saccharin.
Like I said, splendor is made from sugar, but it's not sugar, okay?
Capiche.
Recommended by doctors and died physicians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry.
And Rex Diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides use with all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for a healthy life plus it's got fiber, antioxidants, and yet it's low and saturated fat and cholesterol too.
And Rex Diabetic is gluten free, lactose free, and 8 ounce can provides you with 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition.
You try it once in I guarantee I'll bet you option life on it, you'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before.
Pick up some at Rex Diabetic, wherever you're shopping at Publix, Walgreens, Records, Navarro, Sedano, CVS, or the local pharmacies.
Or if you like that free two pack, all you have to do is make that one simple call at 1-866-368-3739.
And our friends at Interest Diabetic will send you the two pack 1-Panela, 1 chocolate, or you can order online at interrexdiabetic.com.
Just click on where it says free samples.
When you call be sure and tell that Neal sense you're for the delicious one by mentioning my name and give yourself an additional special gift.
Call today 1-866-368-3739.
You know, we're supporting you 5-6-7-2AM.
In the end, you will die as you seek kindness.
Absolutely.
You will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who
You begin now then have only one big gift to do well
you won't be about to come we got a ready won't be in save
You got it, you know the time is so long, you got it
Where is the space I came from?
Yeah
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to believe
Can't get any gun move at a home party called a police
You believe in the space what they say
Like the fall of the world
And they use regulations, austerity, and states of the world
And true
All the election of the world, we got it
But you got it, you got it
It's the one you'll be, we got it
Yeah, yeah
Oh, you got it, oh
11.02 at 5.60, I'll tell you one thing
Howard Dean and Joe Castell are the same person
So you're not looking in the right place
If you look at Joe's lips, you'll see that's Howard Dean
I'm telling you right now it's the same person in drag
Okay
I think he borrows most peace when it goes on those debates
And anyway, I guarantee you Joe probably gets his many votes
Is Howard Dean's going to get tomorrow in Wisconsin
Or...
He has to do his thing, I'm not Howard
Oh God, it's just so sad
You know, he did some nice things, he got a lot of people
More made it interested in the process, yada yada yada
All that stuff sounds wonderful, but wow
Like that one choice we had on the pull out one day
Thank goodness we learned while it wasn't too late
Oh, brother
Anyway, which of these do you think was the biggest scandals are pull question
We got so many different things going on today, we got Halle's Berries
And even though it's a holiday and there's nobody in town, we're getting a phenomenal result on our website
See, we don't care about the show anymore, we just care about our website, right?
What do you mean by that?
Well, we got a lot of stuff going on there
They're intertwined, and those people that don't have a computer, well, you know, that's your problem
It's a dressing room
When he's through paying all these people, he's through paying P-Rod, he'll buy you all a PC
A real good one, not just some chinsy one, but a real good one, the most expensive one
In fact, don't we want to get the Joshua computer?
You ever going to get that thing in your house, Joshua, when you get that thing going?
That's not on me, we're working on it though
It's not on you, it's not what I was doing
I know, I mean Troy, I say Todd, oh Jesus, if it's on the wall
I'll try to forget about it
See how time keeps your lifetime, it's Troy a Stratford, it's on his ass
At any rate, that's a horrible thought
109 people say the biggest scandal of all time, invasion of a rack based on lies
2007, see we just put that on there
And we're still bitter about that, each one of those 57 people are going to vote like a million times in November
Not looking too good for Bush and Florida
Priest Child to be a scandal 42, as it's moving up as it well should
4,450 priests just in the US alone
Accused of a child malastation between 1950 and 2002
And remember those assholes who in the beginning, oh it's just a few isolated incidents
They're just making a mountain out of a whole hill man
Right, got us
Watergate 26, OJ Simpson Murder Charge is 18, don't forget Dennis is a menace
Monica penis gate 12, how do you like that?
We went through it in a whole impeachment thing and only 12 people think that was a big simous and they're right
Vatican banking scandal 7, Iran contra 5, Michael Jackson, Chalmalastation charges 4, Gary Kodat Chalra-Levy 2, Gary Hart on a rice 1
John Kerry Fudgegate only missed fudge things it is because that's his vote
And Robert Blake murdered charges of got the big
Oh, yeah, Tonya, nobody's going to vote for that because he did it on pubic service
Or Christian, we don't know yet
Is he Christian?
Brando, oh don't start with Christian Brando again, we're going to please that's the excuse
He's going to be the scapegoat that's all
Yeah, whatever, nobody's buying him that are they
Well no, we're not going to be like Marlon, isn't Marlon had enough tourists already?
Screw him
Screw Marlon Brando?
Well, while they cost wood if he were still around
And I know there's some lines for that but let's try to keep the license going
Okay, walk away
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, now we'll get some calls, we get the cranks they can call back again as often as they like today
They only get out of their system right?
Right, we still haven't heard you miserable
And so he probably doesn't want to call because it would be too embarrassing for a guy like him to let everybody know they're on a holiday
On a long three or even four day holiday weekend and he's still around in town
He isn't he will and can afford bus or camp there to the county line
WQA and hello
A meal?
Yes?
Hey, you want to put something very old on your pole?
Yes
Kennedy and the Kid's Chapacquittas?
Oh, you know, I meant to put that on there, I forgot how to
It's a wonderful idea
Okay, thanks, Belly, that's how I'm going to marry Joseph, you didn't think it was a good idea
Ted Kennedy slash Chapacquittic
Right? How can we let that off?
My bad, I thought about it when I was making a list of it, you know
Okay, let's see how Josh is going to spell Chapacquittic
CHAPAPAQIDICK
I'm sure he knows the last part real well
Okay, you got it?
CHAPAPAQIDICK
Got it?
Got ICK
Okay, he's got it
Ted Kennedy slash Chapacquittic
There's one for Eric, how could we have done? Thank you very much sir, you see it's important that we took that call right there
You know some people are not wondering what we know, what was that?
That was very important, Tony QA Am hello
Yeah, another thing Uncle Neil, you have a fair, the Warren Commission of Policirin?
I don't know if that close, but I guess it has to stand on the floor
I would agree with you, but that won't get any votes
And one other thing Uncle Neil, did you want to make that happen?
Please, I've also lost him in effect, enough debates already, you know, I mean why are they wasting our time?
No, but it was real good to the point where Shafen really had a pair of cool Yoni's yesterday, and I really like what he said
He always has a pair, he's got a big pair and he got a big mouth and he doesn't have any votes
Well, if you could clone take part of the Potacoo sandwich and throw it into the carry then we have the ultimate candidate
Okay, well good luck with it, we couldn't have a great day, have a great day Uncle Collar
567, he's a good guy, but he just, oh 567, oh 560,000, that's 60, you know what I mean?
What do you mean? You know what I mean?
Let's take a look at that, half of Couples contest, I want to, I just want to see how it's going
No, not over and over again, I just want to take a look at the top
Or the topless one, no you want to look at Halley's varies, and you also want to look at Sarah
Sarah and Shana got 49 votes, I tried to tell, well I'll tell you one thing, Monica and Brian who are second with 43
It's pretty damn close right now, Monica's got the, she's got the bra on, but I'm going to tell you
Monica, begging you, oh 310, it's pretty damn close to being off, you know, it doesn't even need much to the imagination
Monica, and then you got Jazelle and Rick with 21 votes who are going to do very well like I told you
Aaron and Brandon who always do well, they got 18 right, and the Jesse and Jeffrey who do well with 17
Karen and Joe got 15, Carmen and Danny got 9, Lucian David got 6
Leigh Ann and he got 6, I guess I should read them all, should I?
Why not, Stacey and Steve 5, I lean and Justin and got 5, no that's not the same Justin, okay Panicky
Maggie and Tom 4, Carmen and Carlos are got 4, it's amazing how many of these came in right at the end, you know what I'm saying
Karen and Brian 3, Laurie and Mike had got 3, Chris and the Jim who looks just like Al Goldstein 3
That guy looks like mad Mike, Jessica and Henry have got 3, doesn't he? Doesn't Henry look a little like mad Mike from our sales department?
Say Henry, that was a shot, I was just apologize, Noel and Mike had got 2
Ingrid and Keith got a pair, Sheryl and Rich got a pair and you can look right at him
Andy and Billy got 2, we have a couple of gay couples and they're not the, they're sucking high and wind at the moment
Zachary and Andrew got 1, Kayleigh and Steve got 1, Anastasia and Felix 1, Billy and Mo got 1, it would be better if there's anybody with none
Russy and Terry got 1, Robin and Anthony got 1, DeVita and Garvey got 1, that isn't Steve Garvey, I'm sure of that
Margaret and Kurt got 1, and Terry and Donna got 1, Kara and Kim and Pan have got, oh no, Kim and Pan don't have any
And I bet you there's another one underneath if I can ever get this thing to move, who's underneath them
Oh there's old bunch of them Tiffany and Mike don't have any yet, it's early yet
And Brenda and Clif don't have any yet, come on at least vote for yourselves guys, get with it
I guess they don't have any friends, Dene how do you say that? Dene and Ian?
Okay, I got none and Dere and Clint got none 231 votes, you're right, it's just getting going
There will be thousands of votes on here by then, the week to deadline will be 155 this Friday for all your vote
So hustle your ass on to our website, just click our works as a contest, right the length is click that on
To vote, yes
Because in the meantime all you'll get is how he's buries and the pull and about your stories
560, 560, 560, you'll see Chapacquitt it goes zooming up that thing, in fact I'll guarantee you if it would have been for Chapacquitt it
Ted Kennedy would have been president once upon a time
You're right, we've had a whole change, oh here's the story and the pedophile priest on the CNN
Be some minor changes between now and when the final report is released to the public on February 27th, Deren
Jason, of course what stands out about this are the numbers and the allegations that their job is ongoing
The numbers are staggering
The numbers are staggering
And our viewers haven't followed it as closely day to day as you've been able to as the beat reporter on the story
We're staggering
Where does this report come from and why does this report stand out from what's going to seem like a blur of reports
And keep in mind this report was commissioned by the church itself not about your outside educators
And where the report comes from if you rewind just a bit
The US conference of fish ups when they met in Dallas
They decided to come up with tougher standards in dealing with allegations of abuse
And so what they did was they said let's take a proactive approach here
Let's take a look at the scope of the problem
Just keep that in mind boys and girls all you kids that keep getting dragged to church every Sunday just say no
Like Nancy Reagan said just say no to your family when they want to drag you in there
Because the main thing that they want to do in church is alter boys
Providence after 11 at 560 W. Kim if you want to alter your girth
If you want to get some of that weight off of your fat ass
Balance for life maybe exactly what you're looking for
50% of American always fat and probably the number is more than that
That's where it's at is fat
Everybody's fat and they're dying from it to getting diabetes which is no fun
Trust me when I tell you if you're tired to have a no energy if you're tired to have no clothing that fits
If you're tired of walking around looking like a tub of crap
Here's the answer for you balance for life they bring you a little black sack every morning that's the key to the whole deal
They deliver right to your door all you have to do is fill out a menu once a week
They give you two choices for each meal and snack
And the key to the whole thing is that they give you so much food and this program in your little black sack
You're not going to be cheating you're not going to be desperate and starving like most diets
Where you just have little teeny tiny portions not with balance for life
You get three meals two delicious snacks and we're talking gourmet stuff
Everything made with the best ingredients everything is fresh nothing frozen
No additives no chemicals no crap they even stick a little 60 ounce bottle water right in your little black sack
They deliver two year door by six o'clock in the morning so you have plenty of food to keep you satisfied
Full and watch that weight dropping off your fat ass every day on the scale
So if you've tried all the others like most of us have and they've had no success
Do what Katrina's doing a QM now she's lost I guarantee around 20 pounds probably more by now right?
At least
At least so call balance for life today at 9.5.4
5.6.8.32.29 and get going the easy way 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29 or check them on the web at balanceforlife.com
I can lose this is 4.20.5.6.2 way yeah
Fighting
Here
When we miss it on your face and over it looks like a crowd when red means start sitting down
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
I'm not
Stop dreaming and clean up your planes cuz she wants a brand new friend
I look like nunca
In your craze
11.18.5.60 WDQM happy Monday happy president stay from QAM from all of us to you
I'll print it in today.
Now, is our schedule pristine today?
I mean, is it third?
We have some changes.
Of course, there's nobody to make the changes.
So I guess we'll just have to see who shows up.
Right.
Pancelin, we got the mad dog.
It's two of the reasons I say that.
He was coming down with a QM Crud last week.
Thinking that it was a cool, it's a QM Crud mad dog last three weeks.
A Humpro B. A Chulis today from 4 to 6.30.
6.30 got Panther preview.
Panthers at the Carolina Huracun at 7 o'clock.
That I big game.
Big game because the Panthers still have some slim playoff.
Hope not big, but slim.
80K at 10 after the hockey game in Joe and Mark,
who looks exactly like Howard Dean, 2 to 5 and A.M.
Got it?
OK.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Not there.
WQA and its line 6.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, oh, John Tuflis got to hit.
Why am I as well a call it on our show, right?
He's going hard.
He's a little voice a little bit,
raspies.
He's been doing a lot of screaming.
He's on the raspy side.
One he's horse.
He's a little horse.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I mean, I got some.
I got to read the rest of that Michael Jackson thing from
at any fair.
Do you think it was right?
You'd love to hang in there.
I did on Friday.
Nobody else was listening to it, but it kills it with time.
So like I said, I'll get into it eventually here in a little
bit given a tremendous response on this pool.
How is Chapacwitik doing?
And by the way, I noticed that Josh put two D's in dick.
There's only one D in Chapacwitik, OK?
Was that Eric's bad?
Didn't I spell it out for this gentleman here a little while ago,
like very carefully?
C-H-A-P-P-A-D.
How did Eric spell it on a little chat window with two D's?
Only one D in Chapacwitik, guys.
Yeah, I did.
Right.
Very important stuff is Eric's bad, but Eric's busy because
he's got a picture of Miss Drudge examining somebody's
boxer shorts.
Which would be on our website shortly.
One.
It's a good picture.
It's funny.
He's got his magnifying glass.
He's looking maybe for some stains or something there.
Some spots.
As he continues investigating everybody's underwear,
that's Miss Pudge's The Calling in Life.
Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal ever?
Invasion of Iraq based on lies 132.
2000 election, 81.
It was a ripoff.
Peace child's abuse scandal, 4,450 priests that we know of.
52 said that.
Watergate 34.
OJ Simpson murder charges.
OJ's moving up 25.
Monica and penis gate 15.
Vatican banking scandal 7.
Remember banking mobility?
That was actually the name of it.
Michael Jackson, a tribal station charges 5.
Iran contra 5.
Gary Conduit and Sean Relivi 2.
Ted Kennedy and Champ Aquatic 2.
George is correct as Knuckles again.
Gary Hart and Donna Rice 1.
John Kerry and Dredge Gates got one from Miss Pudge.
And Robert Blake murdered charges out of 362 votes.
It's still got the big none.
None.
And I'm with him.
Plus he was, we like him when he was a little kid Robert Blake,
right?
Right.
There was still a great train done.
And he's an animal lover.
He's seen a cock at two.
5.
670560 WDQM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
560.
I'm very important.
Welcome to 560 WDQM, the world famous neo-Rodges show.
I'm sorry to bother you here because I don't know what was the holiday.
I sent my picture last week to be on the thing with my wife.
And I didn't see it.
And it's the contest started and I called up Miguel.
He never called me back.
Are you Miguel?
Yes.
I see.
Oh, yeah.
OK.
What was your name?
My name is Larry Marx.
Larry?
Yeah, joy of Larry Marx.
I sent my picture on the third day there because the deadline was Friday.
Well, we'll get right on the Miguel's ass on that.
Yeah, because you always go to the thing, oh, I'm talking to Neil.
I'm so sorry.
That's OK, Larry.
I just want to see how long I could drag it out.
Yeah.
Push straight people.
Is that OK?
That's OK.
Was your wife topless?
You won't know.
It's easy to picture.
Right answer.
That was a great answer.
OK, we'll get that magnifying glass out and look into it.
OK, thanks.
Thanks, Larry.
Well, they're going to lose anyway.
And of course, they're going to get upset because they weren't on right off the bat.
And then we'll just assume a girl, right?
Well, we're doing like three of these, right?
Yeah, we'll save it for next time.
We're doing three.
That's what I thought.
Well, we'll do as many as we got prizes.
If we got three sets of prizes, then we'll do three contests.
No problem at all.
Larry, if it's not on there right now, we'll save it for next time.
We'll blow it up extra big and give you a big boost and whatever.
Yeah, we think it'll be.
I think that's a big deal.
No, we don't apologize because Miguel should apologize.
Miguel should go to his house and service to both of my things.
What?
I think that's the least he can do to make up for his screwing up plus even be sure Miguel ain't there today because it's president of the day.
It's just another bustman's holiday.
You got clearance in the beast.
They're out in Frisco getting hitched.
And then you got Doreen.
You got Cairn so you don't see her no more.
You got the, what's his name?
Lee Cutler used to be the sales sports sales manager.
He got his ass canned.
There's just nobody there no more canned ass.
In fact, I bet you even Freaky Carlos out there in front speaking to somebody like Cairn's ass.
I bet you he's not even there.
Daisy.
Yeah, he is today.
Even that's not there today.
The it as opposed to the thing.
Maybe the thing is still hanging up for free meals at the pizza lot.
You all remember the thing, don't you?
But do I?
Are you kidding me?
WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Neil, that talent on the couple's concerts is weak, man.
I don't think I've blown anybody in there.
What did you send in?
Nothing.
Well, why not?
But last year was a lot better, right?
Well, there were, I mean, I don't want to make any, I mean, these people went to the effort to send in the picture in, at least exposing themselves to a lot of grief.
And so, what can I tell you?
Maybe they should be like 32 and under or something.
But don't forget, last year we had like the one group Amy and Aaron, they were like professional models.
Which gives them kind of a leg up if you partner with expression.
Was he smuggling something in that baby suit?
Yeah, he was sniffing something like that.
Yeah, he was sniffing something like that.
See you, pala.
You just have said it wasn't his.
5670560.560.
Oh, so the picture is already on there?
The box for shorts?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Okay, let me take a few.
Okay, I know how these berries are on there.
If anybody wants to see a very, very lovely picture of how these berries, and even the rest of her too, although she's not completely new.
But that's okay.
Sunday.
Come on Sunday, what?
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday.
And also don't forget about CDA cruises, no, so I'll just be very nervous.
And Howard Dean and Grabben Janet's nip there is a beautiful thing covering it up for America.
He's pretty enthusiastic about it too.
Now, we don't have the, no, it'll get on there any minute.
Well, we got, maybe we just did too much all at once here, you know?
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless Line.
First call on Line 90, you know it's going to be sensational.
QAM, hello.
QAM?
This might be the best call we've ever had on Line 90, you know?
So far.
So far, I think.
Oh, I see this.
This is when I stuck my finger on a two-lay man, you snooze, you lose on this show.
He's probably another guy that's waiting wanting to see where his picture is.
Probably at the post office.
26 others, they rot again, anybody here?
No.
So tired of it.
Take your baseballs, take your gloves, take your bats, go home, we don't care, okay?
What it is, Scrares.
Can't stand rich, ultra rich, obnoxious, disgusting, egotistical bastards like George Frick and Steinbrunner.
Makes me nauseous, the whole thing is ridiculous, subtle, troubled.
I mean, take a look at football and what a great, we actually did have a Super Bowl, even though nobody noticed it.
And how much your phenomenal interest and all the money that those people are making,
because they know it's called a salamie cap.
Watch hockey, no season X season when they come back, will anybody care?
No.
Most people don't care now as it is.
And by the way, did I mention Trevor Kidd's sucks, I didn't mention that yet.
26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM, hey guys, last time you took a peak at it, you decided it's just too small.
It doesn't impress women, definitely doesn't last as long as it used to.
We're talking, of course, beyond a shadow of a dude about your paycheck.
Call a fast train if you'd like to do something about it, if you'd like to have an alteration on your paycheck and get a big fat one.
Call 866 fast train and start a brand new high-paying computer career,
because in just four short months fast train can up to get yourself a new career and a new job
and big fat paycheck that goes with it.
The demand for computer professionals continues to grow so call a fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
And with seven locations in thought, and others vow to be a campus close by where you live.
Fast train offers job placement, financial assistance for people to qualify.
With day, night of weekend classes, you have no reason to stay in a crappy dead end job, working for some schmuck no mole.
So pick up that instrument right now and have yourself a new high-paying career in just four easy short months.
Check them out in the web if you'd like it fast train.com and make that call that could change your life.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
Fast train at 1-866 fast train.
The second question of a tough new cop on the Porn beat in other recent moves by the Department of Bulls to Obsented Decasions.
Our galvanizing conservatives, while leading representatives of the adult entertainment industry to wonder whether they become a political football.
Official said the apartment of Bruce A Taylor, no relation to Frank Orton Taylor, who worked in the department during the heyday of his anti-porn efforts in the late 80s and early 90s,
shows that the department is serious about cracking down on Porn after what critics called lacks enforcement by the Clinton administration.
Taylor, who in recent years has had a conservative advocacy group fighting for tougher regulation
of the Internet, oh boy, has been given the title of Senior Counsel within the Criminal
Division of Justice with a focus principally on federal adult obscenity issues.
The Department of Senate Chief Andrew Usterban, who has been drawing much of the flag from
conservatives, will retain his position, but instead of reporting to him, Taylor will answer
to a more senior level assistant attorney general.
You know what his position is, don't you?
Yes.
He's prone to make mistakes.
Brian Sierra, just as spokesman said that by having Taylor, which the Department didn't
realize, or publicize, but confirmed or asked by the LA Times, the Department was simply
marshalling additional resources rather than undercutting anyone's authority or submitting
to political pressure.
Bruce has vast experience, both of the federal and state level prosecuting those kinds of
cases here, said it's all part of our overall effort to kickstart obscenity prosecutions
after a long absence.
Sierra said Taylor was unavailable for comment.
Oh boy.
Point industry representatives said all the activity had the look of an administration
trying hard to appease an important constituency during an election cycle.
What a bunch of crap that is.
This is a crude crash political effort, said Jeffrey Douglas, executive director of the
Free Speech Coalition of Trade Association for the Adult Entertainment Industry.
Oh my God.
A question was that the public at large was as interested in cracking down an adult fair
as the Justice Department and said the hiring of Taylor was a very dangerous disturbing
step toward infringement of free speech.
Wow, there you go.
See, I want to think about all your religious notes out there.
Nobody's going to force you to do any searching and lurching and looking on the Internet or
anywhere else for pornography.
Well, they're safe from that.
I mean, Kenny Porn, we all agree with, except for the 10 million pedophiles out there
right now.
But other than that, then mind your own business.
That's what we would stop us.
They got to stop us from looking at it for our own good.
Oh, I see.
Is that what it is?
Sure.
They're helping us micro hair on the balls of your feet.
Yeah, that's right.
If you look at the way that dirty pictures, my favorite ball on the, I guarantee if you
look on your balls of your feet, if you're looking at pictures of Halle Berry's boobies
man, God knows I guarantee you're going to burn in hell.
That's right.
Squirt, squirt.
It's going to be pretty busy down there in hell.
It's going to be packed with all kinds of fun people.
I mean, so speaking of perverts, let's get back.
I haven't even started with this Michael Jackson stuff.
On Friday, I was reading, which I know is very ponderous, from a very long vanity ferrets
in the March issue of vanity fair on Michael Jackson, which goes on.
I mean, you talk about it.
Of course, this is before the latest revelations by the inquirer with two more kids coming
forward.
And I'm going to pick up on it right now.
Let's see how much more do I have enough too much?
It says, each time I report on a new startling incident in the saga of Michael Jackson, dangling
his baby from a balcony in Germany in November 2002, forcing his two-year-old children, who
appear to be Caucasian to wear veils or mass in public, appearing on 60 minutes to deny
having had sexual relations with a 13-year-old cancer patient, I find myself revisiting characters
from the past.
For example, Debbie Roe, one of Jackson's two ex-wives who carried his first two children,
got a lot of media attention in the wake of the baby dangling incident for praising the
husband with whom she never lived.
He is really a wonderful loving, caring man, and he's not portrayed as he really is,
and it really pisses me off, she said.
As if she had more children than Michael, she replied in a heartbeat.
That made me young hoe and son, what is it, son, young boy, laugh.
Son, youngly laugh.
She really put the fear of God and Michael, says, me young hoe, who claims Jackson can
fight it in him.
She is the woman who screamed and yelled and threatened to tell the world about Michael's
dark secrets, unless she got eight to ten million bucks.
He explains that out of the blue in the summer of 1999, Roe asked for a divorce and a huge
sum of money or else.
Michael said, give her whatever she wants, get it done.
Lease says that Roe was a surrogate, not to biological mother.
Her contact with Prince Michael I in Paris was limited to eight times a year, and she
purportedly saw them even less than that.
In a May 2000 memo from a lawyer handling the divorce case, Roe has asked for more visitations,
including Mother's Day in alternate Christmas Eve, the lawyer's prompted the state.
The request for Mother's Day is a concern because Debbie now appears to be viewing herself
as a mother.
This is different from the image and position she accepted in the past.
The young hole leases, it was so funny watching her and interviews on TV saying, I'll have
another baby I'm thinking, yeah, that's another ten million for you in a heartbeat.
Roe's attorney declined to comment on that.
Can't imagine why.
Those of us who investigated the Jordy Chandler case ten years ago also remember Norma Stacos,
the Duena of Neverland, a stern caretaker who kept track of all the little boy's visits.
She disappeared the night before she was supposed to be questioned by police in 1993.
Lea, however, get yet another of the many surprises he experienced handling Jackson's
business appears when one day a request came in from Greece where Stacos was living
for 75 grand.
Lea wanted to know what it was for and was told, you don't understand, lawyer Lea, Norma
gets whatever she wants.
According to So Young Lea, amounts of about 50 grand would be periodically sent to Greece
for Stacos.
I also learned that Billy Bray, the head of security in Neverland back in 1993, has been
getting 165 grand a year and Jackson pays the gift tax on it.
You don't think it's like, hush money, do you?
The person who probably knows more than anyone else about Jackson according to me on the
Holy is his former chief of security and business advisor Wayne Nagan who was at the
Cypher 22 years and then let go without severance two years ago.
Wayne is not afraid to be called in to testifies as Lee, he's expecting it.
He's the guy who knows everything.
He's one of the very few who has said no to Michael.
Reports on boys who spend weekend after weekend with Michael Jackson in his bedroom while
one or both of their parents, many of them are strange, stayed in separate guest houses.
Some else applied with wine, continued to accrue.
What is sure a lot of wine is going on out there.
Wasn't Jimmy safe chuck, for example, from Simmy Valley was described by one former Neverland
manager as Michael's constant companion for two years.
According to a report prepared for the Chandler case, for several years, safe chuck's parents
received a new more sadies annually from the King of Pop, Mrs. Safe chuck declined to comment.
Wade Robston, now a hot dancer choreographer whom the New York Post paid six sided as being
the cause of the breakup of Britney Spears and Justin Tinkerbell, has admitted to sleeping
in the same bed with Jackson, but is denied that anything sexual occurred.
According to a former employee in 1991, when Robston was nine, Jackson kept him overnight
on the first night of one of his visits to the US.
The boys' austereg in parents were estranged.
The former Jackson employee says the mother received a permanent resident visit this day
in the US.
These are all just coincidences, okay?
Right, like the church.
Don't go make an anything about that.
That's right, just a bunch of just 4,450 isolated incidents that we know of, and I'm sure
thousands and thousands more that still are coming, so to speak.
Wow.
Twenty-two, known at 5.60 WQA, and we're having an okay time here today.
I was a little bit panicky there because I know there's nobody in town.
Ah, what?
And I thought to myself, we're offered today, off today.
It isn't a holiday, but nobody bid on that.
Mo and Kelly were there.
In fact, Mo and Kelly and Joe Rose, they sucked around each other.
They're pretty good there.
Everybody, 802, was pretty embarrassing.
And we're here, much as we're not too happy about it.
Mad Dog, you two, the Humber at 4 to 6.30, it's Hula's the South.
Don't pan through at 6.30, pan through at the Carolina Huracun's 7 o'clock tonight.
Any interest?
No.
At all.
Bobby L'Oongo is doing a man.
He's the team.
445 votes on this day?
I can't believe it, can you?
Yeah, I believe it.
And that's just on a pool.
Of course, they're busy checking out the Halle's Berries and voting on the Hutt Couples.
Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal of all time?
Invasion of Iraq based on Lies 155, the 2000 election 106.
They're pissed that you'll bush my sir.
I'm telling you right now, they're pissed and fired up, man.
They're going to vote until it hurts.
Priest Child abuse scandal 65, Watergate only 37.
Small potatoes.
OJ Simpson murder charges 28.
Monica Penisgate only 21.
Iran Contra 8.
Ted Kennedy and Chapequitic is moving up there with the 2Ds.
8.
Vatican banking scandal 7.
Eric is the guy to put the other D in dick.
Michael Jackson, Chapequitic charges 5.
It is spelled with 2Ds.
It is not.
Okay.
It is?
I don't know.
Look it up on the internet.
Okay.
Gary Condit-Chaun Relieby 2.
I already did.
John Kerry and Judge Gates got 2.
So, Ms. Doug, a Dredges voted twice.
Either that or maybe she voted and also Lynn Samuels.
Do you think?
Gary Hart and Donna Rice won and Robert Blake murder charges out of 452 votes.
It's still got to make unbelievable.
Nobody cares.
In fact, I say just forget about it.
Right?
Negative idea?
Forget about it.
A lot of freaking thing.
When it's out, lit them out.
Anyways, 19, Dul-Nunek, QM.
If you're thinking of buying a new car or truck, don't get ripped off.
You want to save you a lot of cash by inviting you to head for Armstrong's Toyota of Homestay.
You'll find them on US 1 just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Armstrong's Toyota Homestay is worth a drive no matter where you live to save yourself
a whole potload of cash.
On great new Toyota's, check out these great prices in O4 Corolla loaded, including air
that you own for just $12,990.
And O4 Camry with air, automatic and lots, lots more just $16,990.
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America, from just $14,990?
And when you buy a new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota Homestay, you get a free sun pass.
This was the first dealer before anybody even thought about it in the entire area.
They'd offer your free tires and batteries for life.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever and everything out of the sun
to put you in a great new Toyota today.
So experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestay difference.
They're locally owned and operated.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction too.
They'll do like I said, like standing on their head even.
Their service department is open late week nights to late to make sure your service work is done right.
Easy to get there.
They're on US 1 and 293rd Street in Homestay just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
If you're sick and tired, if you head it up to your ears with those mega dealers who
overpromise like crazy and under the liver then call David Rich.
He's the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homestay.
Call him at 305-242-3247.
Who's the broadest handling the sick out right now?
The I.E. She's bad.
OK, 05-242-3247 for Armstrong's Toyota of Homestay.
Drive a little and save a whole lot on that great new Toyota.
Oh, my life and look all this is for Toyota of I.E.
You ain't too way, huh?
Oh, we're over here in that shopping mall.
The lockers out on the hall to screen.
If she's gone to hell, then she left when she showed.
The night that Gary called it, gave it to her.
That's what good.
They were out on a date parking.
Gary star.
Maybe Gary had gone just a little too far.
He showed up the moment, turned her head and said, how about it?
Baby, I could use me some hair.
Maybe that young intern thought that that wasn't right.
But the cocktails in their system made them feel so light.
Shondra thought for a moment instead, you're low-class.
That maybe true said Gary, but I still want your hands.
Welcome.
Oh, where, where, can that shoulder be?
She ain't been hurt or seen for so many weeks.
If she's gone to heaven, then she left when she showed.
The night that Gary contacted, gave it to her.
God, good.
Absolutely.
When he woke up the next morning, Shondra was not around.
Though Gary had no choice, just as we're still down.
He remembered her point, she told her, hearted eyes.
Guess Gary finally got what he wanted last night.
She had opened the door, winked at him and said, all prepared, it's just a red to
wear, huh?
Then she took off after he blew her up kiss.
And no one including Gary has seen her since.
Though the practice she's gone, this practice made nothing right.
If somebody knows the truth, well then the truth will be night.
By the way, if anybody wants to know what a self-hitting fangirless like, just look
at our website, he's got a big magnifying glass and check it out, somebody's underwears.
Proletics still known at 5.60 WDQAM.
1700 couples plus married in San Francisco this weekend.
They're coming in from everywhere, including Christmas out Florida.
As the beast and clearance are there to tie it?
Tie the knots?
Yeah.
5.60, 5.60, up on 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lone.
I'm starting to begin to believe that, did you look up chap aquatic?
Yes, 2Ds in the Eric even emailed you a proof.
How come I looked it up with one day and it said, let me try this again.
I don't know, stay off those gay porn sites maybe.
Two peas in the pod, you and Eric.
Identical twins.
Well, I'm looking at right now.
And it says, uh, chap aquatic with one D.
Just remember, more people were killed at chap aquatic than a few mile island.
By the bridge of chap aquatic, how come I keep spelling it with one D?
Is that because I did the search with one D?
Possibly.
I spelled it wrong on purpose so that it would correct me and it gave me 2Ds.
One moment please.
Okay, I'll try it out with 2Ds.
Okay, see maybe I've learned something here.
Now, chap aquatic on eBay, chap aquatic here with 2D.
spelled it out over to how you want, okay?
Two of them.
You have poor Mary Joe compekney, your rest already.
She's right.
She's literally the fishes.
Let's see, how is chap aquatic doing as a matter of fact?
10, 9 votes.
It's edging up there.
It'll be like a top half dozen something like that.
WQA, hello.
Hi, can I have a job at 20 times?
Oh man, taking.
I think you're fine.
That job's taken.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I got that job.
Okay, so I'm going to talk to wonderful people like you, sir.
Stephen Tyrak and Chris Hackett of Santa Rosa were supposed to spend last night at the luxurious
fair amount hotel under a warm, fluffy, comfortor.
Instead, they camped out at the rainy, winter night on a cold, hard slab of concrete.
Outside San Francisco, a city hall with just a thin powder puff girls blanket.
Isn't that sweet?
Yes, partners for 12 years, they wanted to be sure they'd be one of the few hundred same-sex
couples who'd be married today at San Francisco City Hall by 9.30 last night.
More than 130 were waiting online and more than 1700 have been married already.
Couples.
Including it says right here, including beast and clearance from WQAM sports radio in Miami.
Well, I'll post up our image one.
I can't wait to see their rings.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, what's new?
Yes, sir.
Hey, can we really want to give a suggestion to be your greatest scandal of all time?
Yes, sir.
Well, I thought one would be JFK and Dallas, because I never thought they'd really cut to the bottom of that.
Yeah.
But also because a big scandal is going to be what everyone's pushed on to steal from the next election.
Over our dead bodies, man.
Yeah.
I'm going to give you a
No chance.
OK, sir.
JF can't assess anything you want to put that on there.
That's not a scandal.
See that?
I mean, they don't get it.
To cover up, water, the
The
What's your call report?
Right.
Right?
The
The Warren Commission report, like somebody mentioned earlier, that could be
I don't have this thing.
So it's not in the same category.
Save it for a rainy day.
George W. Bush won no medals for
It is the Sputed National Guard duty in the line of VIXY, but here's the nickname, the Texas Suflay.
Have you heard this?
Yes.
From you.
Murky Archibald Rimbors' Boost N26 is a loud mouth who showed up in Montgomery, Alabama,
in 1972, to work on his uncle, Wynton Blout, Senate campaign.
He was good at smoothing the county chairs, but there wasn't a lot of follow-up Archibald
told Time Magazine in its latest issue.
Another worker recalled Bush rolling into blood headquarters around lunchtime most days,
bragging about his late-night exploits and big-time political connections.
Archibald said Bush made the greatest impression on a group of socialites dubbing as campaign,
dubbing as campaign volunteers who dubbed W.
The Texas Suflay because he looked good on the outside, but was full of hot air on the inside.
Some blind person, Mr. Routes.
There you go.
But the president and the supporters in SISTI's not full of hot airways and night charges
that he went AWOL from the guard while working on a campaign that summer.
The White House believed Bush's records last weekend attempt to put the issue to rest,
but DNC Chairman Terry McCullough said the documents create more questions than answers.
Absolutely.
The only seemingly, and this is a
I have a good sense of humor with the New York Daily News.
The only seemingly credible witness to Bush is Lieutenant Colonel John Bill Calhoun,
who we found out now has got a very bad, bad memory.
Who insists he saw Bush report for Weekend duty in Alabama,
but Calhoun's memory seems about his spotty as some of the military documents it says.
Calhoun of Atlanta initially said he saw Bush report for guard duty eight to ten times,
for roughly eight hours at a time, for May to October 72.
Lately, he said he saw Bush report for drills on least six occasions,
and interview this weekend with the Daily News.
He said Bush attended at least four her drills,
so it's gone from eight to ten to six to four.
I keep forgetting what they told him to say.
Bush's records credited him with two days in October and two November.
Calhoun's 69-a former National Guard Supply Officer treated the varying numbers
to report his confused interpretations and said the guard defines a drill
as a weekend of duty in the one weekend per month cycle.
So if I saw him at six drills, that's ten days, he said.
Calhoun's explanation was not even yesterday
by retired Texas Air National Guard Lieutenant Colonel Albert Lloyd Jr.
who Bush picked in 2000 again recently to review his records
and vouched that he meant his guard obligation.
Lloyd says two days make a drill a weekend, not a drill, is what he said.
He says the public is being drilled, is what I think he was saying.
560-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marlos Lumpur.
It's going to be difficult.
I don't think we ever had as many as 35 entries in the contest, do we?
I don't know.
So we're going for quantity and not as much.
Well, let's see, I shouldn't say that.
You're put on just bad, bad, man.
What?
Herman, oh, there's some nice-looking people in here.
It's not like we all got it.
Huh?
Plenty.
And then there's something that I got a good sense of humor.
And obviously, there's just some fun folks.
We appreciate them all.
We appreciate them all.
Look who is for it, huh?
We appreciate them all.
Yes, we do.
We appreciate everybody who's got the coins to do this.
Right.
There's a lot of hot people out there just too bashful.
There's just a bunch of pussy's, okay?
104 people for Monica and Brian,
who have surged in the first place since they took her closer look.
Let's see.
Second place, these guys were leaving before.
Sean and Sarah 84.
But it's going to be thousands of votes out here.
Jesse and Jeffrey from last year moved in the third place with 36.
And, to Zell and Rick, 35.
Also from last year, we got Aaron and Brandon.
How many they got?
About 30, man.
Right?
And everybody else said down from there, okay?
They're going down from there.
It's going to be heavy duty all weekend long.
You'll see, winning a couple out,
but guaranteed he's going to have over a thousand votes.
Do you believe me?
Yeah, I do.
It's going to be zillions of votes.
They're going to have all of their friends are going to be called anonymous people in the phone book.
And why the hell not?
No rules on that.
I mean, whoever you need is sucker waiting to vote and for it.
Good luck.
Maybe they'll take them along.
What do you think?
No.
Or not.
Or pay them off.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60, Q.A.M.
My life and look all, this is for 30, 5.60.
Q.A.M.
Q.A.M.
I am Rao Iliana,
Rrrr Roslatenin,
and I like rubbing my slimy gorilla ass with soap made from jewels,
and listening to the new rocket,
a monster hour.
Take hands!
Oh, Canada.
A land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performers.
And now, these legendary conducts,
paint tribute to one another on this new CD,
the best of Canadians singing other Canadians,
featuring Ann Murray's version of this rush classic.
A modern day warrior, me means time.
Today's time's fire, me, me.
And rushes take on this Ann Murray standard.
Yes, it is.
It's a city of me.
The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from the world.
From Zee to A,
like Celine Dion's rendition of this Neil Young number.
Oh, man, look at my eyes, that.
You're a lot like my old son, Rannan, huh?
Neil Young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit.
I know that my heart will go on.
But that's not all.
There's Janaya Twain singing Brian Adams,
Crash Test dummies doing a lot of s'mores at.
Snow wrapping the guest who, and Gordon Whitefoot performing this,
a spare naked lady smash hit.
If anyone makes a choice, you know,
they may have a good hit to the side of the entire land.
Think of your copy of the best of Canadians singing other Canadians.
The great white north has never been so great.
Or for that matter, so white.
It's a trouble, I was just reaching back on the roll of facts.
Oh, look at that.
It's more than 11,000 allegations against priests.
It's 4,450 priests accused of abuse or minor between 1950 and 2002.
But more than 11,000 accusations.
So you forget that same number if you turn the microscope towards any industry.
If you put the magnifying glass on the priest's underwear.
Oh, and speaking of that, look at this.
A prominent clerical was accused of sex abuse and a lawsuit had been placed on administrative leave
by the nation's largest Roman Catholic art,
stycies and Los Angeles,
ever being accused of misconduct by a second-person church officials be saying.
Months senior Richard A. Luma was placed on leave Friday as pastor of St. Felicitas
and perpetuate church in San Marino just to wait after church leaders and told us
congregation would continue at its leader as its leader.
Luma was formerly a Decarnal Roger Mahoney, leader of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
In a lawsuit filed late last year,
Luma was accused of sexually abusing a boy between 1969 and 1971.
He denied the accusation and these cities,
heard you misconduct oversight board said it hadn't been presented with any evidence of misconduct.
They couldn't find no stains.
The board, however, concluded last week that Luma should step down after reviewing
more information as a second person as level accusations against Luma's.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
He was one of 11 priests in the Archdiocese who remained in act of ministry despite being
sued late last year for alleged sex abuse.
In other words, they continue to look in the other way.
They continue to get an out of the shovel trying to bury it under the carpet.
Yadi, they're close.
More and more and more.
Number ends.
566-505-60, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
Get in some great calls here today.
I'll tell you that right now.
Yeah, all of them.
Are we?
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil's show?
This is Neil Rogers show.
Yes.
Oh, that's great.
Am I my father's a Neil?
Where are you calling from?
From Miami.
Let's go to Miami, hello.
Yeah, I'm at a car.
Yeah.
Let's go to a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm falling.
I got something for the reason why Bush didn't take his flight physical.
Oh, would you like to know why?
No.
566-705-60, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
I told you not to put those people on here tonight.
Yeah.
No, that's right.
I picked it up.
You wouldn't want to answer.
You'll be sweet tonight.
I enjoyed having him on a year, okay, because he's what South Florida is all about right
there.
I bet you had a real funny punchline for that, too, don't you think?
No.
Oh, yeah.
God.
There's a guy.
This guy, he ain't taking no physicals.
He's just taking physics.
Michael in Key West says, here's a new word to consider as in no Falcon.
Oh, I see.
That's not bad.
Falcon.
No Falcon way would I do her do him.
Oh, yeah.
No Falcon.
Right.
Well, you know what they say?
Don't effort the Falcon or you get the claw.
PSS has a bit more descriptive, the scripted name for President Shrub and it's got a, okay.
Thank you.
Thanks, Michael.
How about the T-Pot Dome scandal?
Oh, yeah.
That's what he would have voted for.
If you somehow take this seriously, oh, yeah, I'm sure a lot of people remember President Hardon.
Don't you remember him?
Warren G.
Right.
Had to last month.
And he's very, his fabulous vice president who succeeded in Calvin's college.
And the guy that succeeded both of them, Hebert Hebert.
Wow.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'm sure a lot of those great Republican presidents, you know it.
567-0560, pound 566-the-odd-AT&T.
And Verizon, where else is lying?
Know what they say if he can't be good or least be consistent.
That's what most says.
Absolutely.
So you have nice bonding experience with Moat the Great's birthday party, huh?
Neither one of us stopped walking.
So it was just a, it was a fleeting passing moment.
Yeah.
Howard.
I see.
Which of these do you think was the biggest scandal ever?
Invasion of Iraq based on lies 190.
The 2000 election, 126.
The old fart column, he'll show a couple minutes ago, it's 500.
Feast child abuse scandal 80.
Watergate 47.
OJ Murder Churches 35.
Peniscate 22.
Entity Kennedy and Chapacwitick.
Mary Jo is moving up the list, she's got 11.
She's climbing the old ladder.
Too bad nobody threw it to her long time ago.
Was that 1969 I do believe?
Oh geez, I don't know.
Chapacwitick with one date.
I don't know what to do with two of these.
I mean what turns us to make how you spell it?
You know only on this show would we get into a pissing contest over, oh, can't say that no more.
So say a pissing contest.
Oh, a peeing contest.
We're in deep, that's right, a peeing, a urinating contest.
Let's see, speaking of urinating, Monica and Brian have got 105 there.
Number one on our list so far.
Sarah and Sean 89.
It's going to be tight.
It's going to be really tight, not like Scrooan, it's going to be tight.
Jesse and Jeffrey 40.
And down, down it goes from there.
37 for Jazeal and Rick.
I remember the last time last year, how these, the wild fluctuations.
I mean somebody being hit by like 30 votes and all of a sudden you look at it.
How many?
About 30 men.
An hour later and somebody else is hit by 50.
Because it all depends on who can find their friends at home.
Right.
And who's got the best network?
Somebody QA and hello?
Neil.
Yes, I got Mike, Mike Queen, gotten.
This is me.
What do you call it?
Ted Kennedy?
What do you call him now?
Pardon?
Go ahead.
And back in 73, I used to subscribe to the National Lampoon magazine.
Right.
And I got one of about 3,000 issues that wasn't recalled by the Kennedy family.
About 5 or 6 pages in was a full page ad and I had a Volkswagen floating in the water.
Yeah, I swear to God.
And I went through this whole big thing about how everybody was on the Volkswagen.
Now it was a trap to open the windows a little bit because they seal up so tight.
And it's easier to close the door with the window open if Ted Kennedy, the big thing on the bottom was that Ted Kennedy was driving a Volkswagen.
And he'd be president today.
And the family recalled and as every issue that got out, every issue that went through the woods there,
and they got back and they're excited to pay.
Wow.
That's a beautiful thing.
And hang on to that.
That's going to be worth a lot of care.
Yeah, but I call that, you know, when it's so hard to drive.
But I keep it, but it's the reading of it is just, you know, Mary Jo should have known better
and Ted, you should have been driving this and it's got a skill plate on it.
Right.
There was like an advertising for the vehicle.
It was great.
I was a bit nervous.
Thanks a lot, Polly.
Enjoy it.
Squeeze it tight.
Squeeze your bug.
Now if only Bobby and Billy Joe McAllister would have jumped off the telehatchy bridge.
Maybe Ted Kennedy pushed him.
Do you think?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
And he was a pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world.
I was like, well, Kennedy family have had their problem.
What are you going to say?
It's a StarCross family.
WQA, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How about the great scandal of 2000 wins, the lawsuit was brought against the station from the great one?
Oh my God.
The anxious Reverend Jones.
You're good.
Yeah, you are.
No, you're not gay.
That's an insult to gay people.
You're just sick.
You're pathetic.
But have a nice president's day towards which he is best.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world.
Isn't it amazing the number of people we've given a life to thanks to the show all these years?
Yeah.
Seriously, this becomes the resistance.
This is it.
There is nothing else.
The beginning, the end, everything in between.
The middle, the layer on top, the layer on the bottom.
The rectum.
WQA, hello.
Not there.
Shame on you.
WQA, hello.
Hey, Neil.
One of the guys.
Yes sir.
I ran contra for your appell number one.
You want to nominate it?
Yeah.
It's on there.
Oh, sorry.
It's OK.
It's got 10 votes.
Good, good.
Did you see the Memphis flyer article concerning Bush's service down in Alabama?
Yes.
OK.
Well, I read it on Friday.
I mean, we hit it on our website.
You're all cut up.
All right, I've been listening to you in a while.
I'm glad you're on top of it.
Thank you so much.
I'm a great week.
You too.
I'm on top of it, baby.
I like the beast.
Yes.
It's definitely on the old bottom.
Correct them.
Well, he can't get on top.
He'll crush the per person.
What a thought.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T line.
QA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Neil, do you think any of those people that were at NASCAR yesterday were the same ones who were
on the bowling for Columbine gun shows?
No, I think they were on bowling for dollars on WKBW and Buffalo.
CBS pulls advertisement on Medicare prepared by administration.
CBS said on Friday that it stopped running a TV ad for the new Medicare prescription drug law,
while Congress investigates its accuracy.
The 32nd ad, prepared by the Bush administration assures Medicare beneficiaries that the program is not changing in any way,
except to provide more benefits.
Democratic members of Congress and some liberal advocacy groups say the ad amounts to a taxpayer-subitized political commercial for the administration.
Dana McClendon spoke to him for CBS in New York said the ad has been pulled.
CBS is pulling it.
It violated our longstanding policy on advocacy advertising.
We pulled it as soon as we became aware of the investigation.
The government is spending $9.5 million to run the ad on national over-can-cable programs next six weeks.
The GAO and investigative armor congress is examining the ads that the request has several Democrats.
The lawmakers say the commercials are inaccurate and constituted illegal use of federal money to promote the re-election of President Bush.
God forbid. CBS policy says the network does not sell time for the advocacy of viewpoints on controversial issues of public importance.
CBS is decision by the way angered Republicans in Washington to which we say, oh, rash one.
This is probably just payback for move on.org and in fact they wouldn't show the ad in the Super Bowl.
Right. When you think, I guess.
Okay, now we'll give you an even up like a bad call in the ballgame.
Hey, there was a ballgame on Super Bowl Sunday.
Pay for its one. Super Bowl champs two out of three years.
What a shame, you know, the whole Janet flat, the whole booby thing.
Goes to show you how desperate America is, how repressed and just absolutely desperate.
We put a picture of Halley's varies on our website and all of a sudden $30 billion, $400 billion.
People who haven't even borne yet are just pouring over Neil Rogers.com.
Grasping at it, squeezing it, looking at it, searching for it.
Maybe that's why Ms. Fudge has got that big magnifying glass. She's searching for it.
Should we take a look at the poll?
I'm not the, the contest.
Well, I can't stop doing it because it's a fascinating to me to see the gigantic gyrations.
What's all that?
Like out.
Yeah.
When it now we're trying to flesh it out.
Now, who's in first place?
Okay, because this thing takes so long to download because there's so many of them.
Let's see, Monica and Brian have made a big move at one away.
All of it are kind of like stagnating now.
Sarah and Sean 90.
Have no fear.
And then it's way back to Jesse and Jeffy with 43.
You see that?
Mm-hmm.
Juzelle and Rick 38, which is not so great, but not bad fourth place at the moment.
And Aaron and Brandon 36 for right now.
You'll see.
You'll wake up in the morning.
You'll look at that thing and say, holy crap, here's something that was like in 20th place.
Any guy like 50 million votes.
How that happened?
Or do you know?
We do know it only.
Yeah, we got it.
Inklin.
Yeah.
1213 at 560 WQM.
If you're looking for something exciting to do, something breathtaking, something to get
you to jump and yell and cheer about, then come out to the Poppano Park Racing and Poker.
If you like it, cheer for your horse from the rail or enjoy find outing at the top of the
park rest room on the sixth floor as you watch the only night time horse racing in the entire
state of Florida.
If playing Poker is your game, then match your skills at Poppano Park's fabulous card room.
If you're under the age of 100, you'll be the youngest person in there.
Live Racing in Poker takes place five days a week, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and
Saturday, like tonight.
Live Racing tonight begins at 7.05 p.m. and the Poker room is open noondole midnight every
live racing day.
Coming up this Friday will be the second round of the $125,000 Maclubel Trotting Series and
the Saturday will be the second round of the $250,000 Allicre Pre-Pacing Series plus free
prize drawings too.
Easy to get to Poppano Park's to half mile from both I and I and the five in the Florida
Turnpike and best of all, Poppano Park gives you free admission and free general parking
every day.
Be sure to get out there during the month of February because Huawei Hennessey might win
one more race before the month is over.
For more information for the new racing schedule called 9.5.4 972 2000 or check them out on
the web at pompanopark.com.
Don't forget Live Racing post time 7.05 tonight at Pompano Park.
Find the logo of the 165.16.
The radio is all yours.
P.A.M.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Four kids hanging out together.
Yeah.
Alien probes in their ass TV don't get better.
The chef just like their delays in night cheesy puss of bough.
You're gonna see Stan pull up his guts if Wendy's around.
There Stan's broken tile and the talking dirt and at least once a week we hear.
You're waiting.
You're back, Dad.
It's so weird but the wonderful and candy is taking liberty.
It gets with the head and then he's dead.
Do that snore at him and then he eat his food.
You know what?
Thank you, Penny.
You're back, Dad.
Okay.
You want to know what I think?
What?
He's got something heavy.
He's got a kick in his ass.
He's got a kick in his ass.
Is he talking about more again?
Absolutely.
On you.
1219 at 5.
61 of the great movies of all time South Park the movie.
Thank you George.
You're welcome.
It was great.
Ricky cussed off his dreadlocks.
I'm concerned speaking to George.
I'm very curious as to which story did they with the trade of pay rod to the Yankees or.
Ricky cutting off his dreadlocks.
George is most whipped up and to a frenzy about.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know the whether a screamer, Peter Banana.
One of the most famous heads of here in sports is no more.
No more is what Ricky said.
He's tired of it.
No more.
No, they didn't just throw those dreadlocks away the day.
What is it?
They didn't just throw those locks away because I could have taken one of those strands of made a keychain out of it.
Really?
No more.
No more.
Dolphins running back.
Ricky Williams has shaved off his distinctive dreadlocks.
Oh my god.
Thank god.
Or you can hang one from a rearview mirror.
Pretty traumatic Williams said by phone Saturday from his austroidian vacation.
I wonder if he's going down under.
I mean, I look a lot different.
I'm not used to it yet.
She said he said.
Williams who's kept the dreadlocks uncut since childhood.
Oh, he's been uncut since childhood.
Yeah, a lot of us heard.
Like George.
Right.
Always introspective.
He decided to author his trademark looking go bald as a cleansing symbol for the new player and personally wants to be in 2004.
Two other factors he prefers anonymity.
Now he'll be less recognizable.
And the fenders won't be able to tackle him by the hair.
No more is what they said.
Absolutely.
Nice going, everybody.
By the way, that team is going to be really bad next year.
I don't want to get into a sports thing, but man, they got a quarterback.
No.
They got a coach.
No.
They got nothing.
They got squad.
They got an offensive line.
No.
They stink.
New firm challenges full frontal taboo.
You like this story?
Hmm.
A smitten young man in Bernardo Bernalucci is the dreamer steals a photo of his in Amorada and puts it next to his private parts.
Then is understandably embarrassed when she forcibly peels off his tidy whiteies and discovers it.
And the photo too.
Rather than being a Paul, she appears quite complemented by this different kind of Kodak moment.
A close-up that leaves nothing to the imagination is the picture gently catapults toward her.
Such scenes got an NC-17 rating slap the new film by the director, whose uva includes the 72x rated last tango in Paris.
His uva.
Have you gotten uva?
Back white throughout.
But in the three decades since then, scenes with full frontal male nudity usually can be timed with a stopwatch,
while those with nude women can be measured with a sundial.
It's alright.
Well, even in the full-modied film gorgas didn't get the full-modied, not even for a split second.
They got like a little modipython stuck out there.
And we got it.
Top culture observers maintain that's because a defector sexism still exists in Hollywood where women can parade around together, but men can't.
The instances of actors in mainstream America, movies swinging in the breeze are so rare that a movie buff can catalog them at the top of their head.
Harvey Kai tells us let it hang out at least twice in the piano.
I said, oh, the piano.
And the badly tenant.
And you and McGregor at least four times, including the upcoming young Adam, the at-roost world was the 1994's color of night.
Kevin Bacon, oh, that's the movie.
Kevin Bacon Bacon, 1990, it's wild things.
I better go out and get that again right away.
A wild thing, apparently.
It's a strange thing.
I told you about that.
Of course, it is a strange looking penis.
And Jeffrey Rush in 2000's quills as well as the prosthetically enhanced Mark Wahlberg in our favorite 1997's book United
Among the Few Others.
Sarah Riddick, that's with 2D's.
An English professor who heads the film program in Williamswood University in Fulton, Missouri, attributed simply to the industry's gender makeup.
It's still a male-dominated business and men are more likely to show female nudity.
Well, there you go except for Michael Angelo.
Only actresses with great clouds such as Julia Roberts can insist on a no-no-duty clause.
And quite frankly, Julia, I like you okay but who wants to see you naked anyway, right?
Me. You do?
Sure do I.
Why not?
Let's see what she's got.
Julia Roberts?
Let's see it.
She's like pencil thin, man.
Wahlberg.
She's obviously twiggy on an anorexic Sunday.
Let's strip her down and size her up.
Okay.
Elaine Rapping.
A professor.
That's her name.
Elaine Rapping.
He be rapping.
A professor, women studies, immediate studies that they stay in the University of New York in Buffalo said it's such as it ever was.
Whatever that means.
You can look back to classic paintings of the 17th and 18th century and see fully clothed men with nude women.
What are you going?
That's been a constant of Western culture for centuries in representational art.
Their women have been presented as objects for what in film theories called the male gaze.
Yeah.
That's G-A-Z-E.
Certainly not G-A-Y-S.
The male gaze.
Yeah, that's you.
The assumed viewer is male and the woman is to be looked at for male pleasure, she said.
Damn.
She said another reason there are few full frontal male nude scenes is that it raises an issue of vulnerability for men.
The raises for a man?
A tissue.
For a man to reveal his private parts is to be reduced to the position that a woman have always been reduced to, which is to be examined to be judged.
And I think that's a scary thing she said adding when a man is flaccid, it's not a very veeral thing.
You're a little laugh at you.
Exactly.
When it's very limp like a wet noodle, it's not very exciting.
Like a little tortellini.
It's not very excited.
One theory holds, and sometimes even when it is excited, it's still like a little tortellini.
One theory holds it by a woman of several areas to satisfy Scopofilia, the term sometimes used in feminist film criticism that literally means the love of looking.
Scopofilia.
Can I say Scopofilia?
Men really have just one more size matter.
So a woman might have a beautiful face or legs that offset say her breast size, but if a man has a certain shortcoming, a handsome mug or six pack abs fail to make up for it.
Or be like if Tom Brady were like stark naked in the middle of Playgirl magazine, and he had like a little idiot video agreement.
Right.
He jerked his jerkin.
I can't say that way in a minute.
He just did it again. He said crap.
Sorry.
For a male viewer, there's Jim McBride, aka Mr. Skin who runs a website that's a compendium of movie nudity.
Oh, is that the one we're using?
Yes and date Mr. Skin.com. We love them a lot.
He recently recorded this saying he prefers his sober screens sex without a guy in the scene.
Wrapping suggested that men also may be afraid of the male gaze G-A-Z-E for homophobic reasons.
We don't want them fags looking at our penis.
The fear of male homosexualities, the fear of the loss of male dominance in our society,
if everybody gets equally sexualized and equally open to having sex with everybody else,
then the whole system of male dominance gets called into question.
Fox Search Lights release of the dreamers uncut and with an NC17 rating is refocused attention on the issue of sexuality in movies.
When the distributor decided to go ahead with the unbolderized version,
Bertolucci alluded to his expression make love not war from the late 60s when his film is set by saying
after on orgasm is better than a bomb.
I thought an orgasm was the bomb.
Americans are much more comfortable with extreme violence than movies than any sexuality observed
Stephen Julie Galula, Fox Search Lights president of distribution, and on and on a cruise at Great Length, so to speak.
56670560, pound 560.
You'll notice that we have, for example, we have women on our couple's contest, right?
Right?
Bearing it all.
Do we ever have, well, I don't want to say that, because we didn't have one last year, right?
I don't want to say that, because we didn't have one last year, right?
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
Because we didn't have one last year, right?
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
Because we didn't have one last year, right?
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
I don't want to say that.
That's how it needed to get by.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Now it seems like it's a change.
Even Bob Lee's sister didn't vote for that.
Even Bob Lee's sister didn't vote for that.
Bonnily's sister.
Even Bob Lee's sister has voted.
She's chapland.
She's chapland.
And Yuckin.
Now can I finish up the microtrackson?
Because I'm thinking we haven't done it in a very long time
because I'm thinking we haven't done it in a very long time
in a coons age.
You know that Wednesday one to two hour that I schmiff can?
You know that Wednesday one to two hour that I schmiff can?
Right.
But because it's a holiday wouldn't it be a nice bonus for the audience?
I'll play an all bit comedy hour between one and two today.
For your holiday?
For your holiday?
Oh yeah.
Sure.
It is a holiday.
It'd be President's Day.
I'll be giving our great president's like Calvin Coolidge and Warren Harding
and Elystice S Grant.
And Franklin Pierce.
And William Henry Harrison.
Hey, Abilly.
Back in the house, Billy.
It's raining outside.
Damn it.
Anyway, I want to finish up this thing.
It's not that much more to go.
Okay, the microtrackson thing for Vanity Fair.
George E. Chandler has graduated from college and today he manages his own money but doesn't work.
He's haunted by his early experience.
Despite the fact he's got a lot of money Ray Chandler says he'll always be the Michael Jackson kid.
It's a heavy way to tote around.
He says George E. has had to start his life over at least three times.
Whenever he starts with a new social group somebody figures it out.
And he can't stay in the group because people continue to talk about it.
How much money did you get?
Did he do it?
Even in Germany he was accosted by a stranger on the street yelling,
you're a Jordy Chandler.
Once he received an email through a brand new account, we know who you are.
Jordy, who underwent extensive therapy at the time the relationship was discovered,
hasn't spoken to his mother since the ordeal.
He blames her for putting him in harm's way.
Evan Chandler has become a total recluse,
a strange from his family except for Jordy.
It's been psychologically devastating for Emre Chandler says,
in the last half of 93 he felt himself to be the most vilified man in the world.
He adds, Michael did break up this family.
Michael doesn't seem to get posted children from solid two-parent homes.
Ironically, Jordy Chandler is the tantalizing specter hovering over the current case
in order to establish a defendant's character, California law makes admissible
prior allegations demonstrating the defendant's propensity to commit a molestation.
Therefore, Stedon Kensepina, Jordy Chandler, testified against Jackson today.
If he refuses he can be found in contempt of corporate nod jailed.
In 1993, Jordy was interviewed eight or nine times by authorities who probed him
for inconsistencies to see if he would make incredible witness.
He reportedly never wavered in his story.
A judge must decide whether Jordy or any other alleged victims or anyone
who gave it up position about what is in prior bad acts can be called of the stand.
All of these witnesses could be cross-examined as to their motives
and making their original charges, subpoenaing any or all of them
their form may be a tough call for Stedon to make.
According to Ray Chandler, if Jordy were to testify today he'd be a real hero for life.
He should come out because this boy is sick, he's brave and he needs help.
If Michael's acquitted people will look back to 93 and say that was a hoax too,
then Jordy and Evan will be in a much worse position than now,
Feldman says Stedon's already contegued Jordy Chandler about testify.
From their nicknames for each other, Doudouhead, Applehead and Rubba,
Jackson and Jordy Chandler appeared to have had an extremely intimate relationship
back when Jackson was 35 and Jordy was 13.
Victor Goudier espels it all out in practically pornographic detail
in his book Michael Jackson was my lover, which Jackson's camp managed to suppress in the US.
If Jordy thinks it's going to end with this one, he has to see nothing ends
with this one, Ray Chandler said.
Jordy's testimony could be the nail in Michael Jackson's coffin.
Jackson's celebrity in his powers of Syducks are not to be easily discounted.
Myungho Lee says he's seen Jackson be president of countries, CEOs and billionaires
very worldly people and that he never fails to impress.
People are in awe of Michael Jackson because he's Michael Jackson.
If they're so impressed, you don't think Michael Jackson can't charm a 13-year-old?
A prostecution insider from the Chandler case said, so many of the boys enjoyed their relationships.
They didn't feel like victims. They were showered with gifts. They got very, very special treatment.
At that age, a kid's sense of his own sexuality is just starting to develop.
To our knowledge, it was never a forcible situation. It was just more an exploration.
For a guy like Michael Jackson to say, I love you, you're catching kids at a very vulnerable age
and they can't even fully process what's going on as they get older. It hits in.
After all the administrations of support for Jackson, all the bruhaha and cable TV are over.
This case will come down to whether or not a jury believes the current boy and his family are telling the truth
and how the jury assesses their motives. Larry Feldman described by Mark Garagos as the money lawyer, the family sought out.
Sige's convinced that money is not the motive. If it were, he believes the family would now be taking a different course of action.
Either this family set me up and slowly hooked me in or it's the truth he tells me.
Over the years, Feldman says he's gotten numerous calls alleging abuse on the part of Jackson.
But since 1994, he's more cynical than gullible so he's turned all the others down.
You think the mother wakes up one day and says, we're going to take Michael Jackson to the cleaners?
How bad could a mother, how bad could a mother be to do this to her child who's in danger of dying of cancer?
And she's doing it through the VA and not through me.
Because if this child dies of cancer before Jackson is in a civil suit before a judge, there's no recovery whatsoever.
If he dies, she couldn't even bring this to it even if Michael Jackson's convicted.
Feldman concludes that his answer on the money motive is 100% no.
William Dickerman agrees, I believe the things the mother told me, says it was critically examined.
Many times in different ways by qualified professionals it was consistent.
It's too rich a fabric of facts, allegations and circumstances. You can't possibly be consistent and be lying.
The trial may not get underway for a year in the meantime as Jackson's flooding of the rules as his arrangement on January 16th
and the party at Neverland that followed so clearly illustrated, the immediate circus has just begun.
And the article has just ended.
There you go from Vanity Fair Magazine.
This prize asked, that's what I say, let's get over it and prize asked.
It'll make us all feel a hell of a lot better because there were anybody with IQ over it.
So three, there's no, he done it, right? Right.
He's a Peter file. He's a crab.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I think there was a sensational idea you had about the one or two comedy bits of our.
I always come up with them.
Sit back and just relax.
635 votes. Oh Bobby Blake got a vote.
See just because I banged on it.
So just approval.
We're called Bonnie's sister. Yeah, that bitch.
Which of these you think was the biggest scandal ever?
The invasion of Iraq based on lies 224. Hands down.
2000 election. It was stolen. Magnum mistake about it. 147.
Right there in front of your noses.
As they were pounding on those doors. Let us in. Let us in.
Right. Please try to be a scandal 95.
Watergate 55. OJ Simpson murdered charges 41.
They hate you OJ like poison.
Monica penis skin only 23.
Take Kennedy and chap acquitted with 2d 16.
Okay, Eric, you're right. I was wrong.
Big deal. Iran country 11. Vatican banking scandal 8.
Immobiliate. Michael Jackson,
Chamalistation charges 7. John Kerry,
drug gate 4 means that's voted 4 times.
Gary Cundit, Sean, Relivi 3.
Whatever happened to Sean.
Are they under bones? Remember?
They did. You don't remember that?
Scullin bones?
And they're tattered jogging suit.
Not really.
You know, all fades have been so many of these deals.
You don't know who the hell can remember?
Robert Blake murdered charges and Gary Hart and Donna Rice each have one out of 646.
And they hit just keep on coming.
20 to 1 at 560 QM, the mad dog at 2.
I am no longer this is 420 or 560.
You way, yeah.
Cundit, Relivi story.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
More on this later.
They found her bone.
Gary, this isn't what you had in the beginning.
You were the one who did the bad thing.
Get out of the car.
He's so good.
He's got his hands in up in wind.
They put one back in, does his heart is old.
Or the doctor told me he's a hard fan.
But now we really know his heart is old.
No matter what we're told.
Get the chainy, got a heart that's old.
Hope it don't explode.
He makes decisions.
He has conditions.
He has the country under his control.
While push is jogging, it's danger-rogging.
And that's what happens when your heart is old.
And it's full of hope.
Yeah, the chainy's got a heart that's old.
And it's gonna blow.
He'll keep on working till his heart is cold.
He'll keep re-gending that his heart ain't old.
But it's really old.
That's what we're going to do.
Cross 45 at 560 WQM, we got a big hour coming up.
That one and two comedy bits are.
It's like a bonus today for the audience, right?
Right at us.
And for us, it's a holiday.
We shouldn't be here today anyway.
This should be one of those mandatory days.
And the entire staff is working their ass off today.
Mo and Gildi, the little dog Joe Rose, yours Tulee's,
Mad Dog, the Humper, Eddie Kaye, and even Joe and Mark.
Well, I'm assuming we're on this morning, right?
I can elicit him.
Absolutely.
You bet.
Joe who looks exactly like a young girl, Howard Dean.
So here's Carl from California who says,
and I'm not really sure I understand this.
I think I do.
He wants to combine this one with that one from the hot couple's contest.
He says, here's a poll suggestion.
Let's combine the hot couple's contestants with whom we want.
For example, Jacelle and Sarah says, Carl from California.
It's a little bit complicated, don't you think?
A little bit.
I mean, like Mix and Match and paste this one on at pasty and whatever.
Okay, well, we'll think about that.
I'll put that in the pile.
Okay?
I'm always game.
Always gave for a good poll suggestion.
Man, it ain't easy.
It's not easy at all.
Well, let's get a whole bunch of calls in here before 1 o'clock,
because I'm sure that these people are just full of material for us.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
And whatever it is, Verizon, marvelous line.
QA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I can't believe you don't have the Kennedy assassination on your thing.
The Kennedy assassination wasn't a scan.
Well, I never got that.
Of course it was.
We'll never get the load down on that.
You know that.
Well, who killed Cockrobin?
Probably Robert Blake.
There you go.
Probably you're right.
Okay, thanks.
Can't believe you don't have that on it.
Didn't we discuss that before?
Yes.
I mean, if you...
Let's put the war in commission report on it.
Okay, to make some of these people...
I mean, I agree with them.
We'll never know the truth about a lot of things.
Almost anything.
But don't forget, Jesus said to Mary in the three wise ladies.
I mean, the three wise men said the three wise guys.
Yeah, the wise guys.
Okay.
The wise guys.
Well, you know what they have on A&E?
I give up.
Or maybe it's not A&E.
Maybe it's the biography channel.
All the last week they were doing stuff on like babyface Nelson and Al Capone.
My baby stuff.
So, babyface to Nelson.
That's what they called me.
5670560, 0560 on EAT and T in Verizon.
Yeah, let's put it on Eric.
I hate to have Eric to have it to do more work, you know what?
But it is a laborer love one.
God has a result.
He'll put it on there.
What?
Josh is doing that now.
Oh, Josh is doing it like I said.
He might as well do something for a buck and a half an hour he's making.
So, the Warren Commission report, if they don't know what the Warren Commission report is,
then they shouldn't be voting for it anyway, right?
Right.
We don't have to put like on a JFK assassination in 1963.
All the other crap.
By the way, Warren Commission report wouldn't have been to 1964.
Because LBJ said, hey, here's the conclusion you're going to come to.
And right about your stuff, you know, that comes to that conclusion.
They said, okay.
And the Phil's turn.
The Phil's turn.
The Phil's turn.
The Phil's turn.
The Phil's turn.
And then he got me at the time.
He said, no, and then all of a sudden he became president one day.
Somebody QAM.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
This is the first time call I've come up with.
All right.
I'm from, I'm actually from Brady Country, but I was one in Do you have the Warren Commission?
We put on this.
Yes.
And one more.
The judge in Miami left that nut girl so he could kill that young girl.
Let him go, Libbo.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks, Larry.
And have a great day.
Are we putting that in there?
No.
No.
Oh, no.
Oh, he's, oh, he's talking about the judge in Sarasota who let the, well, he didn't let the guy go.
That poor judge has taken so much flack over.
That's what he's referring to.
This guy, yeah.
But he's a little nervous, but nevertheless.
That's what he was trying to refer to.
I thought he was talking about letting Paul, he bow.
No, it was not the judge's fault.
But nevertheless, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
and they were the system's fault.
They should have thrown away the key, locked them up for another 50 years, but we never do that.
That's what he was referring to.
Yeah, to make room for a pot head.
There you go.
We got to have a lot of room for a lot of pot heads.
And now that we have the new obscenity police in there with the, uh, deal of the right wingers,
all the good Christians out there to God squad, then we could have all the appornal people in there too.
Right, all the pot heads and potty mouths.
Now that Al Goldstein did his time on Wikers Island making a sicklery front-size fact in there,
and everybody else too that ever was naked in their life.
W.A.M. Hello.
I'm the parent.
Me and me too, from the Saudi or voice.
W.A.M. Hello.
Uncle Nelson.
Yes, sir.
Hi, hi.
W.A.M. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
I have a question for you.
I'm kind of a phone, as if it sounds like you got the tomato soup can.
Yeah, I'm on the, uh, my money heads that have on the, uh, how about now?
Is that better?
There you go.
Gee, that's a real guy, yeah.
Living, breathing, human being.
Right.
Uh, uh, Buffalo Bill Cody, I'm trying to find a few websites somewhere, and it's not there.
Is it there?
And I'm just stupid or what?
Buffalo Bill Cody?
Yeah.
Loci in the basket.
Oh.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do we have anything from Buffalo Bill on there?
Do we have anybody's argumentation or it put, huh?
Who does?
Who knows?
Uh.
So my best advice is, uh, keep looking.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Exactly.
Buffalo Bill Cody.
Yeah.
He was kind of wild-bill Hitchcock, wasn't he?
It was also kind of the, uh, coach of the, um, whatever the hell he's coach of the flyers.
What a big fat Alfred Hitchcock.
He makes me noises.
WQM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How about with the one on the one on the other one's, uh, locally here.
Miss Cleo.
Call me now.
Who?
Who?
That was nice.
I go Cleo.
Miss Cleo, he said.
That was a big scandal, Miss Cleo called me now, mon.
What was the big scandal?
She was, she was, she was just another entrepreneur.
That's all.
What a shocker.
I mean, stop and think about, uh, son, see?
And then now they're adding to the list.
The list is closed.
Okay.
This pull is closed and thank God.
So, well, um, uh, uh, involvement in the show in about nine minutes till tomorrow.
God.
Just grasping.
Oh, how could you not put this on there and you missed this Miss Cleo, mon?
Get out of here.
Go back to wherever you came from and go over to Haiti and help them straighten their problems out.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
And then they'll walk away.
Oh, let's do another hockey show.
Yeah, you better get them a Hornwood Rimmer.
Okay.
You can kill two birds who are on the stone instead of a tree.
I got them a tree.
And you can also set up the next hockey show.
I think when I went all of a sudden done,
when I write my memoir, if I live that long,
I'm going to read the proudest achievement is the fact
that I survived those hockey shows.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
Everybody loved them.
Oh, it's great.
Everybody loves them.
Yeah, everybody to crowd a 20 that you hang around with over
to the hockey place.
Yeah, they love it.
The rest of you are and they're all gone.
Even George was bailing out.
As soon as he'd remember,
come in, George would like leave.
Oh, I got sick.
I got to go home.
Those were the worst shows in the history of my life.
But I'll do apologies to Don Cherry and Mike Lang
and anybody else who would know his shows,
which I forget.
Ron McLean, Don McLean, and his American pie.
Oh, God.
We apologize profusely.
When you accept it too late.
It's your fault.
You're the one that's going to talk me out of that.
Uh, my dad.
My dad.
You should have said,
don't do any more of those hockey shows.
Remember his killing you.
Oh, you did say that.
You did say that.
No, but I don't.
In fact, all during those shows you were to be saying,
oh, the phones are ringing off the hook with complaints.
He's trying to screen their calls.
And every 100 calls 90 now.
Is he crazy?
What is he doing?
He's in the understatement.
What I said was, I don't want to answer this phone anymore.
They're blowing whistles and screaming at the top of their voice
in my ear.
They were out of their mind.
Well, let me ask you, which one do you think I will remember a bigger thank you for?
Uh, that or a mid-hersh?
I'm a big fan of mine and local.
And your sports radio 560 is you and you and me.
The one to do our.
Oh, I'm a man.
Who showed her right, Mellon?
If man was great,
And an airy-yola like a big dinner plate.
Jammin' right, Todd,
Grabbed every hand line.
Wonder if you'll help CBS,
And you'll find.
First, she denied it.
Said it was a mistake.
A costume malfunction,
That just in Timberweight.
Now they've admitted they flashed for the two.
It'll be the Super Bowl.
Remembered for the boom.
The FCC says it was in decency.
Some pornography.
Big Yip.
One nip.
I'll never forget.
Bad info is tongue.
I'll remember this game for sin,
Janice Jog.
Back dad.
Boom, back dad.
Boom, back dad.
Boom, back dad.
Boom, back dad.
The world is ours.
That's little boy gets anything you want.
The sadger's down,
Saddam is gone.
And now every corner has a shepherd run back dad.
Most of them are dead, back dad.
Shack the corners in and here, back dad.
Make that oil flow,
Again, that price of gas down low.
For giving him a taste of the bug we're seeing.
With the crack grip,
Tharaling and Apple fees, back dad.
The corporate war is one, back dad.
We only jumpy, gone, back dad.
The world is ours, you know.
I'll have a bag of deep fried candy to those that go.
Just like the Nazis, they won't work too.
There was a whole lot of art for the brass with loose back dad.
Grab everything you can, back dad.
They won't be doing that again, back dad.
Maybe we want two wars,
Say, you know what the rattlers for.
You want some water?
Well, now it's ours.
We sell you a more phenomenal chart, back dad.
You got to stop and take back dad.
I ran this gun to be back, back dad.
Now push it's gone.
That's little boy gets anything you want.
That's little boy gets anything you want.
That's little boy gets anything you want back dad.
Boom, back dad.
Boom, back dad.
Boom, back dad.
Boom, back.
Boom, back.
I know a poster of this school.
Still a ninja, no.
It's your man, you bet.
I'm paid, I'm forget.
I still got away.
Getting chicks wet,
I'm cold, you're dead.
Superm, mostly old eggs.
The last hit I had knew was it never needed.
I could kill this.
Chick's fast men across stage.
Still one thousand specs,
so they can pinch my behind.
I just have to round when they ask if they can do.
May I think old eggs and old bags
are still buying my old tracks.
That's why I still do these concerts for you.
I'd be on the street without you.
Listen to me, this is stand by and sleep for sofa king.
Understand where everything is held to the high sofa king stand is.
The selection isn't just huge, it's sofa king huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's price is not just low,
they're sofa king low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me, when I say sofa king as a beautiful store,
I mean sofa king beautiful.
On a day's day of his help,
I mean sofa king helpful.
Listen to me, get to know the sofa king
and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge.
A staff that's sofa king Curtis,
and price is that a sofa king low,
you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You're so fracky.
So fucking good.
Who's that group of Muslims?
Alping terrorists.
It's a bunch of backwards thinking,
Continentalists, the Taliban.
Who are those finale?
The adults who could hate.
If you've got stealing,
it's your hand, the lamb you hate, the Taliban.
The Taliban, the Taliban,
the Taliban,
cause the rule of genocide,
but the rough and old rule.
A Taliban man,
he doesn't give a damn
about his country's starving masses.
He sure swelled a kyver,
a passing.
So we can go and kick their asses.
Welcome, who keeps on the wind and covered at the toll.
It could be Osama under there, you'd never know the Taliban.
The Taliban can't let the Taliban can cause a rule of Afghanistan, but they're up to no goal.
Welcome to Aintation Island, and there they are, direct from the motor city,
Motown, the sweet sound of the temptation.
Come sit down, relax at the temptation Tiki Bar, sit down on the leather couch or head on over to the Aint too proud of big thumbs.
With a lady big breath, and if you happen to get separated, you know, because it's a big play,
and you lose your baby on temptation Island, you can go over to them.
If I lost my baby, lost and found.
And it's not, it's don't worth, because there are plenty of lovely ladies all around.
Oh and guys, when you're doing shaking bacon on the beach, rolling around in the sand with your lady,
and you head out over to the guys shower, just don't look back.
That's right, you roll with your spoon, and taste the night, be the master and discover lovely kisses.
The
Met a girl who hated my guts, I wrote a song when she drove me nuts,
put me in a swear word or two, radio said it's too blue,
there are words they just can't read, those are words you'd never see.
Now each time a song is read, those words are no longer there, they keep me.
Oh, yeah, they keep me.
Oh, it's us, us, us, us.
I got to heart and they took out all the efforts till they were done.
Just leave them away.
Now my song is read, and we cheat, because they're a move of propanity.
They should never mess with my heart.
Let your girl, don't bury that spot, make them black, make them.
Or get them black, make them.
It's us, it's us, it's us.
I got to heart and they took out all the efforts till they were done.
Just leave them away.
Make them black, make them.
Take use of it, because coming to your home very soon will be a new group of Nazis,
man, the crap police.
They're coming.
Somebody put a nice trip to you in the middle of that KJ big, you know what I'm saying?
No, what happened?
It was like about 15 seconds to go, so whoever put that in there.
I don't want to say it might have been, well you know who?
Somebody strange.
And anyway, 721 votes on the poll so far, not too shabby, which of these do you think was the biggest scandal?
It's another poll question that some of these people still don't understand.
See, there's a difference between a cover up of mystery, a, right?
Right.
And a scandal, right, a scandal is scandalous, right.
A cover up is devious, right?
Anyway, invasion of a rack based on lies is when an it'll win, of course, 250.
The 2000 election is stolen from us right in front of our push, 176.
And by the way, you all Jews and pop beats don't profit from you Canada again.
He's not even running this time.
Maybe it's peace child abuse scandal, 108 water gates 60, OJ murder charges, 44,
Monica penis gate only 24, tech entity and chap aquatic, no matter how you spell it, 20,
Iran, country, 11, Michael Jackson, child molestation charges, eight,
Vatican banking scandal, eight.
Notice how the Vatican and Michael Jackson are like tied together with hip there?
They both like the altar voice.
John Kerry drugged eight five so much as a couple of friends on air.
I guess maybe that's whose underwear he's holding up in that picture.
Gary Kondo would end Sean Relivi three.
They really found her bones?
Yeah, you don't remember?
No, maybe it was on vacation or something.
I was clothing and no.
Isn't he making that up Josh?
Yeah.
See, Josh has no idea.
He wouldn't know Sean Relivi from Marvin Levy.
He probably knows Marvin Levy.
He used to coach the bills.
See, that's something he knows.
The Royal Commission report too, which doesn't really belong on here, it's not a scandal.
Or should people get it?
No.
Robert Blake murder charges and Gary Hart don't erase one piece out of 724.
I'm not going to waste my time with the, I don't mean waste my time, but like,
take a puke at the contest yet.
Wait till tomorrow morning when we sit down.
And then whoever's ahead now will probably be in last place because they just go nuts when you're not paying attention.
When you least expect it.
And then what do you think they do?
113 at 560, if your weight is going nuts, man, if you're a cow, fat is a cow like most people in the Applanted Nound.
Not just an American thing here in Canada, they're like forming at the mouth about all these fat.
These disgustingly obese people.
Everybody's probably a dyed book.
We don't have to buy any book to get on balance for.
I thought I had to make one easy call.
954, 568, 3229, and get the balls rolling.
That's right.
If you've tried all the others, the grapefruit dyed and the Actions dyed and the Suzanne summers and the South Beach.
And you're still fat as a cow.
Balance for life takes away all the guesswork because you don't have to do any shopping.
No calorie counting.
No carbohydrate counting.
Not much of anything except filling out the menu once a week.
And then eating that great delicious food.
By 6 o'clock every morning, deliver right to your dough a little black sack.
And in your sack, there are three homomory balanced gourmet meals that's based on the zone dyed.
And three delicious snacks.
Plenty of delicious fresh food to keep you full and happy.
Resultant and puke all day long.
You won't be cheating, you won't be snacking.
Because your snacks are right in there.
Five feedings every day.
So if you really want to try something that might help you lose the weight once and for all.
This is the delicious, the intelligent way to do it.
Balance for life.
Nothing drastic.
No pills to pop.
No books to buy.
Call them today.
954, 568, 3229.
Or check them on their website at balanceforlife.com.
Find and look all 6-4-3-0-560.
You weigh 2-8.
You weigh 2-8.
World's dressing is huge.
Congress and a male prostitute.
Rats around in his limb or without wearing pants.
If you start taking him as a hell of a chance, he'll change your life.
They'll tell you he loves you and won't leave.
His wife Betty flips, doesn't know Jane, we've sat in night.
That's what it's like if you were Gary Skirl.
God help you if you're Gary Skirl.
Then who's you gone?
You gone just like that.
All the women say.
Condoms are quick and protein shame.
If you write down your name it is little black.
Well, say my toll.
You're from the river on the end of a hill.
He'll change your life.
They'll tell you he loves you and won't leave.
His wife Betty flips, doesn't know Jane, we've sat in night.
That's what it's like if you were Gary Skirl.
God help you if you're Gary Skirl.
Then who's you gone?
You gone just like that.
Skip out the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top.
Oh, just since the time of the night was a year old.
Love by millions across the land.
And when two visitors, his ex-wife now,
she was hanging with another man.
And she went home now for a night bestie mask.
And a pair of gloves and back he went.
And she was dipping her friend the waiter in giving more than 15%.
Well, Jews couldn't take it.
Start a slice of man's eye, can't don't you know?
Was that the air force before they fell?
She made a touch down in old Chicago.
A check denied thee.
I love I'll hold till above the L.A.G.A.
Well, he flagged all day,
Firing legal procedure with a knife.
That's the prison yard penalty.
He said with conviction that's what you get when you have to wife.
I don't hear it everywhere.
In a ghetto where bronze gold,
Pressing something to his skull,
Wishing he was dead.
But it was a cell phone,
No, not a pistol.
Suicide by tumor, deep in his head.
Oh, here they finally got a mark.
Now it's up to the jury,
But he will surely be jailed for life.
An out of people and I'll say,
They feel bad for all Jay.
They forget it ain't okay.
Oh, that's why.
Yeah, that's why I bet he.
How come I made all Jay so black?
I don't know.
Now Bruce is good to join that great goal.
He's a good dollar and a good dollar of a sad goal.
He said honey, God, honey, oh you.
But when you take them back,
It's the brightest.
Hands up,
Hands up,
Oh right,
Hands up,
That's it, let's get down.
Get your clothes on, she wishes.
I'm gonna hold you down
That I can do to make you.
Thinking of a big throne of her side.
You don't need by the spell,
Get you tail where it's at.
Hands up,
Hands up,
Hands up,
Hands up,
The girls dressed up at the Luke bass got,
Shirou out of eight and folded dry.
Bad man gets in the shower now.
We both need particles of our colors to rally.
Hands up,
Hey y'all!
Hey y'all!
That's an adventure!
Hey y'all!
Did you see our ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's for Sunny!
Sure, good luck with the idea.
A smooth and blanket bag!
Where you won't wait for no more!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Where you got that!
Where you won't wait for no more!
I gotta think about on top of getting rated!
And I don't need a rating that's a minus eight!
Don't care what you do, no matter the sun does snow!
You gotta wait a little harder on the guest you love!
A rose that guts to go!
There's a lot of fat producers you know!
That's right!
What you got?
That's right!
Where you won't wait for no more!
Where you won't wait for no more!
What you got?
Where you won't wait for no more!
Oh, brother, hold that glove on!
I don't understand!
Are you kidding?
From a trough, while you was in both ends!
Yeah, then that's much you made a rating score!
You just like Clinton and all your thoughts!
And a straight dip fat ass out!
Well, we'll take the food out of you on top!
That's right!
Cut your back!
Where you won't wait for no more, no more!
Where you won't wait for no more!
Let's get back to ground!
Where your mom won't stop us!
Let's get back on our feet!
Where your mom won't stop us, no more no more!
What you got all our fights for?
Who are you?
You lovely fucking chap!
Whoo- What do you want?!
Bill Clinton was exposed as an adulterer.
One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly, but now is my turn to show him what I had discovered.
On that auspicious day, lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent.
One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro.
There was a mischievous gleam in his eye. Then he said something that left me in awe.
Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office.
Mmm, delicious! Almost immediately, we crashed into bed.
It was wonderful to lose myself in sheer physical sensation.
A few days later, Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House.
I answered, yes, you must come to see me.
That night, I was ushered up stairs and told to put on a wig and hoops skirt.
And he periodically broken the giggles for no apparent reason.
I'm not all that athletic anymore, but the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth, squealing.
When Stevie finished, I felt numb.
Another surprise soon followed.
Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Mick Jagger.
He'll didn't mind. After all, what happens?
I don't know what is a battle now. Why are there little voices or their big noses?
Goofy hats, tiny little meckles? I don't know. They just rub me the wrong way.
Antispecial participants in every speech of redemption, send them news.
So Hillary hates Jews.
Snewy hatred through the most custom people's consumables. It's in the news. Hillary hates Jews.
You won't catch your liking of a Nora.
No.
God, she must have a wonderful Nora.
When she speaks, I want to cry. She could use a good rap line. It's in the news.
Oh boy!
Hillary hates you.
That's 26th. This just in. Speaking of Jewish people, Steve Grossman.
Remember I was talking about that earlier?
No.
Sure you do.
About Howard Dean's campaign.
Struggling Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean revealed today that National Campaign Chairman Steve Grossman had deported.
And deported. He was deported. That's right.
But the former Vermont governor wouldn't disclose the circumcises and survive in the change.
And an appearance on the eve of the Wisconsin primary, Dean said Grossman was no longer with his campaign.
I absolutely don't feel betrayed by Grossman. I consider him to be a friend. He said, without elaborating.
In other words, uh...
Right. Let's say the better.
So bye bye Steve. He's hopping over to John Kerry.
I wouldn't even think that'd be a little scary for Howard and Justin. He didn't even want to get the message.
He just don't get it. He's in fact, you ever see Howard Dean and Greg Reed together?
Not lately.
Same brain.
They used to both have.
27 after one at five, 60 WQM, hey, if you want a feast, if you want to really pick out, here's the place you'll always enjoy at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
What a line of a stuff they've got waiting for you.
They've got six different kinds of soups you can just to suck down.
That dozens of succulent entrees, like New York strip made order, and they're sizzling Asian grill along with new seafoods and a joc.
Oysters on the half-show, Leskin's stone crab, middle neck clams, jumbo shrimp, scampy.
If you have room, try the hand-carb prime rib, they do tie specialties too.
They've got a full salad bar, new sushi bar, and a fresh room cocktail all the time as well.
And don't forget, no MSD headaches, no cornstarch squirts because they don't use any of that crap and they're cooking,
and they cook everything only with cluster-all-free oils at the Emerald Coast.
And if you have any room left in your pants, the Emerald Coast has got a full dessert station featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit.
Like I said, just shove a little in your pants and smuggle it out like the old folks do.
Three locations for you, Emerald Coast isn't sunrise, pineapple to 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach, and the Intersects to Flamingo and Pemberg Roads in, prestigious Pemberg Pines.
Take the whole family book your next business luncheon right now and let our friends at the Emerald Coast cook up a feast for you like you'll see no place else.
Take out and delivery available to call 954-572-3822.
Did I mention skippies and asshole? Not lately.
Maria's 954-572-3822 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
My life and look all this is for trade or price to keep.
You ain't way in, yeah.
If I have any town, as 560 WQKM,
I'm just gonna kick your coat and shove it.
I ain't gonna work if no more.
I've had enough of all the criminals, fairies and let go of art.
I've just got to get my body away.
You have the precious corporate art.
You can kick your coat and shove it.
I ain't gonna work if no more.
Well, I was a Christian, soldier of God, believer of all these years.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures written by queers.
Get some peace, say he's a powerful god and an all-women of mighty ways.
Except in 911 when he must have been gone on a bus and on a day.
Take your coat and shove it.
I ain't gonna work if no more.
No.
Because that year all right.
If you're with us because everybody else is gone.
I'm making time to watch people die.
And the name of it is the Lord.
Take your coat and shove it.
I ain't gonna work if no more.
Take your coat and shove it.
I ain't gonna work if no more.
Slow down, I see a cop about to make him traffic stop.
I've got the high, the plastic bag.
Can't let him see I'm smoking to be.
But I've got to smoke to be.
Hello officer, did I turn wrong?
No, that's definitely not my fault.
Ain't there some way to instead be free?
All I was doing was smoking to be.
But I've got to smoke to be.
I've got lots of records but not with the police.
I'm high as a pirate, I've got the munchies.
Let's go to Dunkin' Donuts.
And so say can we please?
That's what you get when we smoke to be.
But I've got to smoke to be.
But I've got to smoke to be.
Well he's a fellow happy that he's got me.
Oh, we've got the money from the study.
And it's like that my little brat.
Oh, with an agenda that's grabbed me.
Oh, well he's a fellow happy that he's got me.
No, but they're still a...
Well he's a presidential son.
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win.
He might as well just move right in.
He has to go to school.
He was born with the pizzazz.
So look out all you Jews.
Get ready for the best.
He's a talent as he has seen.
Or he's in our civil rights, the wanny.
Oh, I need to tell a happy Nazi.
Love of an SLA.
Well he's a very well-puedo.
With very fatties of you.
Who never pages.
He's too fine next year we'll all be screwing hard.
Sick hard.
Sick hard.
Sick hard.
Any smart dude with that race against Buddy would pay.
Why do you think they call it Goober?
Victoria landing race.
He's a talent as a Nazi.
Oh, he'll be sick KKK.
That's me.
Oh yeah, he's a talent as a Nazi.
Love of an SLA.
How let do step.
Come on, Natal.
Let's go.
Homosexuals are more popular than ever before.
And that's why TVS has colorized.
And homosexualized to movie classics where you're doing pleasure this weekend.
Some day of new, enjoy a classic love story with a new twist.
It's William Shakespeare's timeless tale Romeo and Julius.
Romeo.
Wherefore I thought Romeo.
I'm riding you.
I've been teaching you.
Where?
It's like behind you, you're in a place.
I'm out of town.
I can think about knowing.
Fifth and three.
TVS presents one of movie-dems all time.
Homosexualized.
I've been hobo.
I've come to be the king.
And who are you?
Why?
I'm his queen.
I've been hobo.
Don't miss it this Sunday and next week is Charlie and the final episode.
And the children's classic adventure.
Hodor Alon.
TVS.
Your entertainment alternative for alternative, alternative.
Everybody gather around a candy man here.
What kind of protest do you want?
It's in lovin' anything you want.
Because it's non-barned to come to the right man because I'm the candy man.
Cooked an awesome night before it's time.
I'm a man's boy car.
Turn the other cheek.
I'm a man's baby.
Put that up right up.
I'm gonna put up a prayer and pour a wee.
The candy man.
The candy man.
Oh, the candy man.
The candy man's head.
The candy man and I, cosy mixes it with love.
And extra systems, doesn't matter.
Cooked an awesome night before it's time.
Well, you have one more thing.
You can make your own flaws not to break the call to see.
The candy man.
Oh, the candy man.
Oh, the candy man's head.
Oh, the candy man and I, cosy mixes it with love.
And extra systems, doesn't matter.
The candy man's conscience just here at present.
My rule too.
The candy man's conscience must be easier than getting it all at once.
The Gandhi man, the Gandhi man and the Gandhi makes his it with love and makes the system
not bad. Yes, the Gandhi man and the Gandhi makes his it with love and makes the system not bad.
Oh, the Gandhi man, who are the orphaning of death of religious. You are the best kind of
one I say, alright Spweb, I will start myself today.
Carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby, carry, baby
And
He is no big and tall, big big, something in tall, and he don't remember.
Gary, maybe, Gary.
The mad dog is out of control, and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment.
Give that name to things to it.
Run, I'll ride!
Run around in the free ground.
I'll ride!
Hear the mad dog.
To madness, sing, wash it, rob.
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
The mad dog is gone, she got mine!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
Well, alright!
At first, Jim Senni felt a little bit cool.
I don't like that.
You nicked him a whore, huh?
But now he says,
I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just hand-kissed him
with that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants me to sing,
God bless America and paste his NG string up here.
I'll do it.
You got soo good!
Everybody knows that it's alright!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
We took to the mad dog sing of self-happy.
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Jim Mammoth sings duet,
available now at all blockbuster stores.
Now, from Washington,
the McLaughlin group,
featuring Eleanor Cliff,
Jack Draman,
and sitting in for Pat Buchanan,
New York Giant Peaky Barber.
Now, here's John McLaughlin.
Issue 1,
George W.
Rings of Walt.
Eleanor Cliff.
Well, gentlemen, how's this going?
Wrong!
Catch him on!
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong!
Peaky Baba!
I'm gonna have to say to both wrong!
Axel Amsa,
for exercise!
That wasn't even a choice!
Next issue!
Al Gore!
Favorite Broadway show!
Bringing the noise,
bringing the funk or cats!
Eleanor, I think it's one or...
Well, John, and after that...
Wrong!
Jackie, Jackie, make your mind!
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong!
Peaky Baba!
I'm gonna have to say, rent.
Not a choice!
Reedy, Peaky Baba!
You gave it an answer!
No, wasn't a choice!
Wrong!
Correct response!
Axe!
He loves them!
Next issue!
The cast of Big Brother should be murdered!
How?
Eleanor!
Eleanor!
Wrong!
Jackie Baba!
Tyna, my wrong!
Peaky Baba!
I don't think they should be killed!
Axel Amsa!
Poison pudding!
Bye-bye!
Bye-bye!
148, that's maybe my all-time favorite.
I just get the quivers in my ass when I play them.
It's great.
Speaking of quivers, Mike, ox long, one of our great facts.
He says,
Greatest Scanlon in the history of South Florida,
the D-Folmica Sukey Grig-Grig Fiasco.
I think he may have a point.
Absolutely.
Something to think about.
Okay, that's our poll.
Which of these was the biggest scandal ever?
Some of you a little bit slow to understand the question,
but that's okay.
Almost 800 votes.
If we don't get 800 by 2 o'clock,
by the way, George does next three weeks.
You got only 13 to go?
I'm going to do that myself.
Invasion of a rack based on lies, 266.
The 2000 election fee, ASCO 188.
They stole it.
Three child abuse scandal, 121.
Watergate, 67.
OJ Murder Charges 47.
Monica Penisgate, only 31.
Only 31.
Not third, man.
I thought that was a big stimulus.
Ted Kennedy and Champ Aquatic move it up nicely, 22.
Iran, Compt, 11.
Michael Jackson, Chabel, a station charges 8.
As if it was a big surprise, I guess.
Vatican banking scandal 8.
John Kerry and Drudgegate 5.
Boy, I miss fudge.
He's busy on it.
He's tapping on it.
War and Commission Report 5.
Gary Condit and Sean Relivi 4.
Robert Blake Murder Charges 2 now.
Oh, Bonnie's other sister just voted.
And Gary Hart and Donna's Rice, if you haven't won.
Oh, look at that.
A sudden surge, 794 already.
What's the name of the law?
We're supporting you 5-6-2.
2AM.
Oh.
Oh.
Now listen.
I want to try something right now.
It's never really been done before.
I'm going to think something and then I'm over
ever cross your boobies and make one of them flop out for
all the families to see at home.
And then when I'm oblivious to the outrage, I'm going to
get access Hollywood and was on purpose within the next
day.
I'm going to blame the whole thing on you and the NFL will too.
And so we'll see the SNMTV.
And then I'm just going to say.
And if you're somewhat your mouth won't shin y'all, what was I just do?
And then the fans will say, I don't know how it happens, but at least I
can't see foods.
He's back in jail, receiving his classic hits for his latest
release.
It's Len Campbell, live from the Paracopaltoons.
Ammon old drug cowboy.
When I can't see the lines, I start weaving all over.
And by the time I find my penis, I'll be sober.
I'm the truth, I have a cellmate, his name is Gerald.
I'm the real one.
I have this skull, I'll be a bit skull.
I've got the best heat going.
My green underwear, and now I'm the wind.
I'm doing time America for counting.
I'm mixing blues with legs of gold.
I'm all the big stars, I'm just a wash of breaky.
I'm a old asshole.
Len Campbell, I'm on a dalsy with lighter fluid.
It said his ass so far.
That's just how much I hate big fan die.
Yes, Len Campbell, we see since old times, greatest hits.
I'm flying from the Maricopa Toons, available wherever you see Regidrated.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb at people killed.
With the gas that we sold him, first time a crescent nation,
and the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled.
You get that oil flowing, forget about Korea.
The nook there's no demand but for right wing,
is drilling it over and over and to our head.
Daddy racked ass off, mappings of master's corruption.
3,000 people killed.
I'm not forgot, let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Going after Saddam too, playing Kato Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in London.
But no one seems concerned all.
I'm being complacent, believe in every word of this art-telling administration
that controls us right there for media manipulation and the right wing.
It's drilling it over and over and to our head.
Daddy racked ass off, mappings of master's corruption.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ice-crop business.
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying.
So I know media and cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoked battle and world and violation.
Old regime must fall in hallowed virtue and its go with no objection at all.
Then the crap don't have the fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our brainwash pants.
I racked ass off, mappings of master's corruption.
Only I racked ass off, mappings of master's corruption.
Hey, do you want to do, ma-do-do?
Why do people beg and gain?
Why do people say such things assuming I like things and things?
Why do they think I'm getting more?
They don't have but no one knows.
If I really get the hold, why did it think I'm getting more?
