Oh, it's the Muzzle World's number one sitcom!
It's the Muzzle World's only sitcom!
Everybody loves Ramadan!
Starring Ray Romano as everybody's favorite radicals lyric, Wu Kaya outside it!
Hello, this is me, Horwin.
I've been to all CIs for weeks of living.
Third and zero-everness.
I mean, with what I've been doing lately, I've been doing what I've been doing for it.
Okay?
Well, come on!
The Apple!
Give me the line along, you okay?
There you go!
Bad Garrett, as I yine allowing!
A dial poker piece deal that adjoys you as Doom's with Rob Rob the top.
And Peter Boyle as the grand-eye at home at Oli Oli's his tiny holy war!
Everybody loves Ramadan!
For those shootings, the Yikes, and the Robert Dog.
That's tonight and every night a little bit more followed by two and a half strong man.
And CSI's Hunter City on Alja Zero!
It's 11.19 at 5.60 W.Q.M. Happy Monday to you.
What's not to life, baby?
The more dolphins find a one again, the hatred.
Everything in the wing lim is a turn up roses, now you know what I'm saying?
That hatred, red sauce, carry's going to win next Tuesday.
See the pattern following there?
Here's our poll question today.
What's your take on Bill Clinton campaigning this week for carries?
And Phil, the offie today.
And let's see what your take is.
Great, it'll put carry over the top.
It can't hurt.
Can't we have Clinton back for another term?
It won't help. Bush wins.
A lot of give-ish men.
I think that pretty much covers it.
There are five choices there.
What's your take on Clinton campaigning this week for carry?
Great, it'll put carry over the top.
It can't hurt.
Can't we have Clinton back for another term?
It won't help. Bush wins.
And I don't give a shmit.
That's those are your choices.
I want you right now before we get into the Miss Kamal thing.
And then I want to tell you what we're going to be doing on the show every day.
Since we've got to bail ourselves out.
We're certainly not going to get any assistance from anybody else there.
We're kind of like been thrown to the wolves now.
You know those wolves in that one bushhead where they show all the wolves there waiting to eat.
We've been thrown to them.
And we're kind of like, I don't know.
Now we're just in limbo doing the limbo rock.
But anyway, in the meantime, I want you to think of these numbers.
If you want, you can jot these down.
If you've got a pen.
I had George do this before the show.
It's a very depressing story.
Write down these six numbers.
One.
Are you writing Josh?
Yes, he is actually.
One, eight, thirteen, twenty-four, twenty-seven, forty-three.
Okay?
Okay.
Now the six-fourty-nine lottery here in Canada on Ontario was a fifteen million dollar jackpot on Saturday.
If this I played eighty bucks, there were no taxes on the lottery winnings here no matter where you're from.
And of course the Canadian dollars now, eighty two cents just about which is the disaster.
The American dollars in the toilet.
The euro is one twenty-eight.
The pound is like a buck eighty-five.
So the Canadian dollars said, in other words, fifteen million Canadian will be twelve million US with no taxes.
Now, underneath those numbers, I want you to write these, okay?
Okay.
One, eight, fourteen, twenty-four, twenty-seven, forty-three.
I got that.
Just missed, huh?
Not going to just miss, but by one digit.
One digit.
I've done that before.
Instead of thirteen, I got fourteen.
But all the other five numbers are right.
So instead of fifteen, million, I get fifteen hundred and seventy-four dollars and sixty cents.
Yeah, I just throw it away.
I just threw it away.
Just a few zeros short, you know?
Damn!
Now, if I would have had that thirteen and would have been fifteen million dollars Canadian eight,
you think I'd be here today?
No.
So these people will say, oh, if I ever won the lottery, I'm going to go back to my shoe shine stand and, uh, I'm going to, yeah.
Right!
I would be sending a blistering goodbye telegram to a certain people in that building.
I don't want to mention no names, Greg, but just tell them to wear the sticker where the moon don't shine.
But unfortunately, that's what goes.
Also, I do want to say this.
We got that 9-11 Pentagon strike thing back up there.
Thanks to that color reminded me on Friday.
Right.
On our website, please, please watch that.
Now, I can't get it to play on my computer, so I go to the original site where I found it.
Okay.
In fact, we really ought to put a link to that, because it may be beyond not the only one who can't get that to play.
But you really have to watch that.
Have you looked at it?
Just I have.
And then, up to make it like, uh, I not thought I would suggest your government would lie to you.
You will understand that.
I would never suggest that.
Right.
We talked about it during the film show, the American Spiracy Theory kind of guy, but, uh, there are a lot of unanswered questions, uh, that brings up.
I mean, like, where's the plane?
Yeah, like, where's the plane or any part of it?
Right.
A single shoe or a suitcase or a black box?
Anything!
Right.
Because that plane, the one that they said would have gone in, and the Jack commercial jet, that easily could have gone into the ocean, and nobody would ever know.
You never see that in no more.
Anyway, speaking of no more, here's somebody you may see in no more.
Miss Kamala, I guess the stress of all those hurricanes must have gotten to her, you know what?
Soundflow to television personality Bill Kamala was arrested in Fort Pierce Sunday, as part of a federal investigation of alleged sexual predator activity, according to law enforcement officials.
The popular chief meteorologist for the WSBN Fox affiliate is accused of arranging, well, that's right, I forgot it's a Fox affiliate.
Well, at first you got Bill O'Reilly with his phone, HankyPanky, and now you got this.
Is accused of arranging to have sex with a minor sources set?
Kamala 47, the Miami Beach was arrested and thought his pressure cost around 1 p.m. when he showed up for a schedule meeting that he had arranged via the internet with an underage person.
And then interesting how it's like, yeah, it doesn't have to say, of course you were.
It's just an underage person in this world.
Why don't they talk little boy?
At least it wasn't a belly goat.
Yeah, might have been named Billy.
Was it a lolly popper all day sucker?
Instead when he was met by a detectable arrested in the source said, and last time Kamala was being held at St. Lucie County, jail on state pornography charges, he's expected to make his birth appearance on separate federal charges in US court today.
US immigration customs enforcement and St. Lucie County Sheriff's Office, as well as US Attorney's Office, Miami declined to comment on the arrest.
Nina Prudida, spokesman for the immigration agency, and Miami confirmed that only that St. Lucie County and federal agents arrested a person on Sunday afternoon, who had been targeted by the sexual task force operation predator, which was launched last year, prunator refused to identify the person or define the charges.
Lily Pardo, I wonder if she's keen to done Pardo, you think?
A Fox spokesman said the station was unaware of the arrest decline for the comment until we have the facts we can't make a statement.
She said, even then it's our policy not to comment on personnel matters. Kamala could not be reached for comment. The station cannot provide the name of his attorney.
It's not the first time Kamala has been in trouble.
Last November, the weatherman was arrested and for a lot of the day, all on charges of driving under the influence of alcohol, police hit his son driving her radically in his black J.U.R.
Police stopped Kamala call for a DUI investigator. Kamala failed to sobriety test degree to a breath test, which he blew 1.153.1559 blood alcohol levels nearly twice to 0.08 legal limit.
He was arrested posted $500 bond. Outcome of that case was uncrious today.
In 2000, he faced similar DUI charges when a flood of highway patrol trooper found his silver 1998 Corvette against the concrete barrier wall in the westbound lane of I-95 near U.S. 1.
Those charges were reduced direct with driving. Here in Multinia, Kamala's attorney in the 2000 DUI, rest was also one of the other new ones.
The popular meteorologist has been with Channel 7 for a decade. He went on the year more than 300 times during the recent series of hurricanes in town.
When the storm hits, I crash because that's when my work is done. He told her recently news is news after it happens.
Whether it's news B or before it happens. What do I mean? Do you know what that means?
No, no, no.
So, former Miss Kamala, the weather figure, how come that new pole is not there yet? Please don't tell me you didn't fast that's Eric. Of course I did. Well, where the hell is it?
Maybe I need to refresh. You got it? The Clinton pole? No.
What is the story with that child? Man, oh man, what is going on here? You know? I feel like we've been abandoned. You know what? Like we're a step children.
The stepper of the children. Of course, he didn't have audio for the longest time this morning. Why not?
You're asking me.
In other words, we weren't streaming this morning. Well, first of all, we were streaming until we came on after 11 o'clock. How could you have had audio?
No, no. After we came on, I'm talking about it. Oh, really? Take out the shouting.
Well, we're ready for the new pole. Eric, okay. So, put your shouting and quit screaming, okay?
Okay, when we come back after the break, then we're going to talk about, well, brainstorm what it is we're going to be doing.
And that brainstorm will be sure to talk about it. Right? Right.
Because we can't, this business is coming on like in the middle of an hour. It's just a, it ain't coming. That's very obvious. It's colonists.
We're getting slaughtered by our own people.
26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. It's always a great time to call 1-800-MATRICS. And I wasn't even better time because dial-a-matrists is slashing prices on certain mattresses.
Call 1-800-MATRICS right now. Let's have an additional 20% off their super low factory direct prices on top quality certain perfect flavors only at dial-a-matrists. And in mattresses.
Only at dial-a-matrists and in mattresses. That's right.
Do you understand that? No.
That's right. Call 1-800-MATRICS today. You'll get factory direct prices on all CV posture of pedics when you call 1-800-MATRICS.
You'll get same delivery all across South Florida. You pick the date and time for delivery. If it gets scheduled.
I think fat flow must add a couple of roles gotten the way when we're trying to print this thing out.
And of course, like they always have been dial-a-matrists on time 99.7% of the time.
Now, dial-a-matrists continues to be ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction and these hopes are winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch of Excellence Award.
I've been calling dial-a-matrists for years and you ought to be doing the same if you need it. If you have a need today for new bedding, don't put it off another second.
Boy, fat boy must be blood sugar must be like 700. Log on to mattress.com. dial-a-matrists. Call them now toll free at 1-800-MATRICS.
And the last line of this copy and order this is missing altogether.
Oh God, he is the best. Oh fat boy. Wow, there are two things I'd like to say to him right now.
Hi, Appali!
And of course, the second one we can't say on the year. Anyway, dial-a-matrists, like I said, mattress.com on a wicked web or call them toll free at 1-800-MATRICS.
These are new mattress exclusively.
What's the big deal?
Two drugs back in?
You don't find it, you're supposed to mean.
You don't find it, you're supposed to mean.
You don't find it, you're supposed to mean.
For his sending, the newest version of Hookdown Funnix.
They all knew George Bush Funnix.
Now, with 30 easy-to-be music and cuter games to make learning fun.
That's why they're finding so Pacific-free.
It'll make it less likely we have a financial acronym, a financial guy.
He sent mex-mix messages.
He's in this nature, so he's not protecting America in the long run.
They get there, they're calling.
Abu-garam.
Abu-garam.
See an improvement in your child reading in four weeks of your money back.
I needed a call now. 1-800-A-B-F-E-C-G-E-F-A-G.
27 before Abu-garam.
Noon at 560-W-DQM. 49 quick votes on the pool.
What's your take on Bill Clinton campaigning this week for John Kerry?
It can't hurt 16.
Can't we have Clinton back another term 15?
Great, it'll put Kerry over the top 10.
I don't give a shmit for, and it won't help Bush wins four out of the first 49 quick votes.
Got it? Got it.
Okay, so here's the deal.
And again, we've been like thrown to the wolves here on this show.
It says like we're a stepchildren.
I think I just said that a little while ago, and in fact, it doesn't matter if that's true.
I mean, this whole thing was so ill-conceived and so poorly thought out and not discussed it all ahead of time until after the thing was done via what the Stern Show.
And this is not kind of Stern Show.
It's not kind of the way this whole thing has been put together.
Look at that, like a nightmare.
And so originally when they said to me, well, if you want, you can do just a level of the two and we can figure out what to fill in there and when Howard ends every day.
Which is a hell of a way to program or radio station, but nevertheless, that's basically what we are going to do.
Although, you know, we're going to continue controlling our own destiny and it will not come up in the district when he kind of crappin' here between like 10, 20 or 10, 30 and a clonk.
So we'll, you know, look, come on, whatever Howard gets thrown every day.
Now today we lucked out.
It was like, wait, I'm like 11 or 11 or something.
I'll be able to do that every day.
Right.
Right's going, how are you?
Keep going, baby.
Keep that Robin bitch going.
But so, you know, so officially those people who are listening to some other show or don't know when the hell we're starting, you can tune into 11 o'clock and feel safe.
You see what I'm saying?
Right.
We will start with the beating curtain stuff and the poor result from the previous day and the poll for the next day.
And with the important stuff that whatever it is or unimportant or goofy stuff we're going to talk about, whatever.
Because there has got to be, there is no show in the history of mankind ever.
Not a talk show.
I'm using show.
It makes no difference.
But a talk show that starts like whatever, whatever, right.
What times you're sure, line?
Oh, whatever.
Tennis.
Yeah.
Even on the schedule here, look at this.
Even on the schedule it says the Howard's spiritual 6 to 10 or so.
Well, what the hell does that mean?
And obviously part of this deal was supposed to be that we're going to get this great lead in.
Well, I hope so.
I hope that that's true for the next 15 months until Howard gets serious.
But it's sure as hell didn't happen in the summer book.
Wow, during these first five weeks.
Plus the fact that the buzz in Palm Beach had almost a two share in men 2554 after never showing up in the,
they've been brought in market before whatsoever.
And what we did had an uphole right there, a third of the audience who listened to us doing our listening on another station.
Because it's obviously they can pick it up.
It's on FM. It sounds better on FM.
And most importantly, I'm sure is the fact that they played the whole show on expirgity without all the bleeps in there.
So as opposed to sounding like a dysfunctional piece of Swiss cheese with 80 million holes in it that you can't decipher with a road map and a compass,
you understand what the hell you get to show.
I mean, why would if you had the choice, why would you listen to us?
See what I'm saying?
Now this is another thing they should have thought about.
But obviously there was a tremendous amount of planning and forethought and really careful strategizing here before they put this thing on here.
And then of course it blows up in their face anyway with Stern saying,
oh, he's going to serious in 15 months anyhow and he's going to be off commercial radio, which means off of this station too.
And of course if infinity should say to him like next week,
well guess what Howard, you're promoting serious too much.
We want to let go in a different direction.
So you can start on serious right now or whatever you want to do.
Good luck. Thanks for the memories and all the money you made us and goodbye.
What do we do then?
Hockey fans?
Huh?
I don't know.
Well, I mean, isn't that something to think about?
Okay, we're going to throw Moe back on here.
Moe and Moe bandy and maybe Tony Bruno now.
That's what Tom Jicke is suggesting.
Oh, yeah, Tony Gruo will be a pretty ought to be on here somewhere in one of his Q&A in the Sun.
Yesterday, somebody asked where the hell's Tony Bruno disappeared to that laughing hyena who's really annoying.
And the Jicke's response is although when Stern goes off in 15 months,
Tony Gruo will be a perfect fit for a QM when he go back to sports in the morning.
Well, it makes you think we're going back to sports.
Is there any doubt?
I don't know. It's about by 15 months.
What kind of sports audience are...
What percentage of the sports audience we're going to have left?
About 30, man.
And 15 months.
I mean, there's all kinds of crack going on from what I'm missing in hearing and feeling and smelling.
Hmm, man, rank.
So that's the deal.
You can feel free.
The coast will be clear. Start at 11 o'clock.
And of course, if you tune in earlier than that, if you're a sternalist here and you're listening all the way through, we love that.
That's great.
But I'm just giving you advanced notice.
So those people are sick and tired of trying to keep punching and punching.
Is Neal on yet?
Because one of the odds.
I mean, I had a better chance of winning that lottery on Saturday, which I almost did.
Then the people having a light break.
They have to be psychic.
They have to be psychic.
70% of our audience doesn't listen to Stern.
So those 70% of the people have to be psychic to figure out when the hell they show starts.
You talk about getting somebody a handicraft.
That's just an acceptable to me, or to George, or even to George Cortes,
who's pretty pissed off about it.
Last time I heard.
Aren't you?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Meanwhile, the big story, of course, some 380 tons of explosives powerful enough to be used to detonate nuclear warheads
are missing from a former Iraqi military facility that was supposed to be under American control.
The UN's nuclear watchdog says, or is that nuclear?
Melissa Fleming.
I wonder if she's related to the late Vic Fleming.
Remember the Vic Fleming of Vic Fleming?
No.
Melissa Fleming spoke some, oh, by the way, Brian's here.
He's got a nice guy.
Nice guy, Brian.
Three wins at a raider's crown here in Toronto, 708 would buy him.
What a guy.
He is the best.
Best of the world, Brian.
And how about that Frankie Dittori?
So you have no idea what I'm talking about.
I would have it in perfect for a little touch villain between the, but how it went to 11.
Melissa Fleming spoke some for the International Atomic Energy Agency, the IAEA.
Toldsian and the Iraqi Interim Government reported civil days.
Go to the explosives room missing from the Al.
Now, see, you got to be careful how you save it.
He's very careful.
It's spelled QAQAA.
There looks to be like Al-Kaka, complex out the bag there.
Kaka, right.
The explosives consider powerful enough to demolish buildings or detonate nuclear warheads, nuclear warheads.
Oh, my God.
Wonder IAEA control until the US-Latin Basin of Iraq in March 2003.
IAEA workers left the country before the writing began so they left all of this stuff out there in the lurch.
And we were supposed to take care of it.
And these were to say we didn't.
Our immediate concern is that if the explosives did fall into the wrong hands, they could be used to commit terrorist acts.
And some of the bombings that we've seen Fleming said, she said the IAEA does know if some of the explosives have already been used.
They helped kill some of our people in a bunch of innocent Iraqis also.
Like that slaughter they had over the weekend again.
Oh boy, it just doesn't end.
And the people out there who don't want to get it.
The bodies of 50 Iraqi soldiers found an easer just guys who would just sign up.
Yeah.
They were just on their way home after graduating from training.
They were ambushed.
And of course now we're finding out that there are people on the inside who find out all the information about where they're going and they're coming and going.
They set up these only checkpoints and then find out what they're all dead.
And which munitions dumps are being guarded and what's going on?
That's correct.
Because you understand there are many more just like that one.
Right.
The soldiers appeared to have been forced to lie facedown on the ground and were shot dead at close range and 49 to the 50 bodies already found.
And also, discovery of the soldiers bodies was followed by news that US Security official assigned to the US Embassy in Baghdad was killed by a mortar attack on the US Army base near Baghdad.
So we've got a slaughterhouse over there.
We've got a nightmare. We've got a quagmire of the biggest story.
We've got all kinds of kaka going on.
And if I can say that, can I say it?
And there you go.
So let's reward the president for this great war.
He's worth it.
That's right.
He's worth it.
Is there anything to do with terrorism?
No.
But don't confuse the 75th Presented Republicans who still believe that saw him was saying that something to do with 9-11 and that he was a hot and that he had weapons of asked destruction.
Don't confuse them with the facts because a lot of them are pretty...
Bum-Bum-Bum-A-Stupid.
19 till noon at 5.60 WQAM, IRS tax problems have a way of destroying your life, baby.
They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally too.
You can never really forget about those IRS problems as you have nightmares at the bottom when you wake up in the morning you're in a cold sweat.
Cp18, the buck walled in the buck walled tax firm can help end your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind.
That's why other top Cp18 law firms refer their funds to the buck walled tax firm when they have IRS problems.
One out of what potential criminal prosecution get all unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Suppose you have an IRS lien, wage-lovy, opair, roll taxes and penalties where you want to settle for a thousand less than you really owe, maybe need time to pay.
Whatever the deal is with you, the buck walled tax firm can help.
They offer you a free initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees and immediately from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you never have to even meet with the IRS because the buck walled tax firm handles all meetings and discussions.
You don't even have to be there.
Call 954-575-2800.
That's 954-575-2800, whether you want $10,000 a million whatever in IRS taxes, the buck walled tax firm can help you out.
Call in today for your free consultation.
954-575-2800 or visit them on the web at www.irsfreedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking at your front or your back door if I can say that.
Call in today, 954-575-2800.
You want to sing a meal Roger?
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
Call in today for your free consultation.
She has two bodyguards, four dogs, a surgically enhanced double-deed cup,
bus, and almost 600-page book on the bestseller list,
and the fact she spends a lot of her time naked
as nothing to do with living in the study climbs of Scott Staler-Rezona,
all the naked people all the time.
Indeed, if some social, some have suggested,
porn stars of the new socialites,
Jenna Jamison, who's watching memoirs
been on the New York Times bestseller list for months now,
is more at home in a jeep stream than an evening gown.
How to make love like a porn star,
a cautionary tale written with Neil Strauss,
is more self-absorbed than Bill Clinton's autobiography,
although Jamison said Clinton had more sex.
That depends, of course, on what one means by sex,
undoubtedly the thrust of Jamison's uvra,
the book teams with pictures of bare breast, comic book panels,
or what, handwritten diary and reason graphic detail.
I've had women tell me, on their idol,
30-year-old Jamison said an interview,
but third, man, they want to be like me.
They seem to glamour eye-con, but they don't realize
they're more faucets, I mean, facets,
to me besides spreading my legs.
Born in Las Vegas, to a cop-turned criminal father
in a showgirl mother who died when she was two,
Jamison entered the X-rated world of the age of 17.
Lotted to be a stripper at Vegas's Crazy Horse II,
the evalupcioist blonde was told to come back
after getting rid of her braces,
that's why Jamison said she yanked them from her teeth
with pliers and wire cutters and never looked back.
Change your name to Jamison after the Irish whiskey,
she made her way from stripper to X-rated photo model,
eventually becoming a porn performer,
the book chronicles a litany of surrogate escapades,
including a gang rape, and Jamison's eating disorders,
drug addictions, and numerous lesbians,
really affair as both on camera and off.
As a cinematic porn goddess,
Jamison said she worked only five times a year,
usually with the same partner.
I was lucky enough to have caught any sexual diseases,
even though I worked without problems for two years,
she said.
Today, Jamison said she's been agonist happily married,
and only has sex both on and off screen with her husband,
Jay Gradina, an adult film studio owner and business entrepreneur.
The couple started a film production marketing
and web hosting company,
so with Jamison a millionaire who no longer needs to bear her body for bucks,
one wonders why she first is.
I love what I do for living,
she said, racquet on the cigarette,
the only why she still claims to have.
I'm also trying to change the way the industry has run,
which is mostly headed by men who don't take women seriously as business people,
to change things for girls going to the industry I have to continue,
I want to continue, yada yada yada.
Come on, there you go.
For the old Jamison,
who George no like anymore.
I never liked her at all.
Scraily, really?
WQA Am, hello.
Do I take women seriously?
Meal.
Yes sir.
I want you to check something out for me, I'm in the car.
Yes?
I heard a story about Bill Kamal, do you know anything about him?
This got you reading a 25 minutes ago man.
I am.
I just got in the car.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to get married.
She's got service man, she's got problems.
You want help?
Help me out, will you?
Yeah, right.
You went in the helping hand man, you first.
A devil worshiping sailor in the world, maybe,
has become the first registered Satanist in the British armed forces.
Chris Kranmer, 24, a technician serving on the type 22 frigate
cummerland, has been officially recognized as a Satanist by the
ship's captain.
Isn't that great?
Excellent.
That allows him to perform satanic rituals aboard from it,
and to have a non-Christian church of state and funeral
should he be killed in action.
A spokesman from Britain's Ministry of Defense told CNN yesterday
that it had a duty to allow members of the forces to practice their religion.
He had it that the Modi was an equal opportunity employer,
which didn't stop anyone from having their own religious values.
The Modi.
You know, Modi, I know, I know Moa Bandi.
Toto, tooto.
And I know Moa Bandi, maybe the black stands for Modi, the David,
the Howard, the curly Modi.
The Royal Navy allows this kind of approach because it's clearly aligned
with turt regulations.
We are not aware of any other individuals who want to be registered as
Satanists.
Kranmer, 24, comes from Edinburgh, Scotland, is now lobbying the Ministry of
Defense to make Satanist and may register religion in the armed forces.
He says he wants Satanist to be able to join the military without fear of
marginalization and the necessity to put up with Christian dogma.
And there are a few things in the world worse than Christian dogma.
The defenseman has been told CNN that Kranmer went to his commanding officer
with a request to practice his beliefs on board the ship.
And after consultation with the ship's chaplain, this was granted.
I wonder if he's going to be needed like a dead chicken to the door of his cabin.
Kranmer, who's been aboard the ambulance through a duty in the Indian Ocean
and Persian Gulf since April, said that being registered as Satanist
gave him the freedom of religion I wanted despite his controversial nature.
And then it goes on to talk about Wicked and all of a sudden.
And then of course something that I really couldn't care less about.
I even know why I'm talking about this only you forced me to do it.
Singer Ashley Simpson's extra help.
I mean why is this even a story?
Because everybody hates her and she screwed up so we have to do it.
Wow, screw her, okay?
No.
Singer Ashley Simpson's extra help may have been exposed
when a Saturday night live audience heard her voice singing the wrong song
while she had a microphone at her waist.
Oh my God.
Her record company blamed a computer glitch for the bitch and Blender Bane
for Sunday mornings incident which cut off her planned performance of the song
autobiography on the network comedy show.
Simpson had performed her hit single Pieces of Me
with our incident earlier in the show.
It's a good thing it's not called Pieces of Ass we wouldn't even be able to say the name of the song.
We don't know.
I don't think we can even say bowling for soup.
Bowling for a f***ing.
When she came back a second time where Bane started playing in the first line
that were singing Pieces of Me could be heard again.
That's not the first time that's happened.
I've seen that happen before.
Sure.
She looked momentarily confused as the band thought a hit with the song
and the vocal was quickly silenced.
Simpson made some exaggerating hopping dance moves, then walked off the stage
35 seconds to perform an NBC quickly cut to commercial.
What can I say, guest host, DuDla, said with Simpson standing next to him at the end of the show
live TV.
Why didn't he just say she sucks?
Exactly Simpson said.
I feel so bad.
My band started playing the wrong song.
I didn't know what to do so I thought I'd do a hold down.
Her company, a record company, Giffon Records said there was a computer glitch.
Instead of some pre-taped electronic percussion, the recording of Pieces of Me
started mistakenly performing the record company's end statement.
But it sounded suspiciously like a guy vocal.
That's a comment although almost always unspoken concert aid.
Either the singer lip sings by Maubin Words to a backing tape,
whereas a live microphone and sings along to the tape making the voice sound
more powerful than it really is.
Such vocal tricks have been used before on the show making Saturday Night Live,
not entirely live, said a show when Saturday was spoken condition at big deal.
A Giffon spokeswoman didn't immediately return to call for comment.
Simpson's walkoff joins a lore of other unexpected music moments on SNL,
Elvis Costello, stocking and changing songs on live TV,
and Chine Hido Conor tearing up a picture of the Pope, which we love a lot.
He goes, Chine, head, we like your tones.
56670560, Tom 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
WCWAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Did you know Bill Clinton is going to be downtown Miami today at 5?
He is.
Yes, he is.
Open to the public.
Downtown Miami, where?
Downtown is the government center.
Right.
At 5 o'clock.
All right.
Thanks for the good news, Pally.
No problem.
Give him a big kiss on lips for us.
We love Boba and his show.
I should have voted for that.
Have another four years.
Please.
Please.
Come on.
I mean, I don't want to go into it.
I don't want to go into it.
It's Monday and I'm going to be in my game, but to press the whole litany of things that are going on is so negative.
How anybody with an RQ larger than their thumbnail could go for Bush has to be a crazy person.
Ask yourself this question.
Not only are you better often were you four years ago.
You like the way things are going.
Like it said in the song that I was played dialogue by Chicago.
You like the way things are going.
What's your take on Bill Clinton's campaigning this week for Kerry?
235 votes already.
Can't we have Clinton back another term 90?
It can't hurt 76.
Great.
It'll put Kerry over the top 37.
I don't give a shmit 19.
And it will help Bush win 13 mouth brewers.
Your things and me will run you.
Correct the rules.
I'm going to fight for the things you need to do.
You A and.
Start a hell new down.
Mr. Cheney, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers 12th of one hour.
Beep.
Hey.
Well, I guess.
Must be next Sunday days.
Because, Margie, you.
Must be a fool.
That would be more, Bami.
But she's coming to you.
What do you know, gonna go?
There were.
She is messing you.
Tell me she was the word.
What are you looking about, Bami?
She thinks it's so much.
Her love.
Yeah.
I want to be a buddy.
A buddy.
Boy, I can't stop.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I don't like my daughter.
She thinks my father's been reading books.
Reading books.
Baby, darling, love books.
I don't need a letter.
You like my boy?
I hope he's not from.
He's not from that age.
He's a left-right king, son.
He's not from Bami.
No, no, no.
He's from the boys.
He's from one.
He's from...
Of course he do.
He wants the book.
The book is not my book.
And she wants to run food on the stomach.
I love the pink lamp, man.
I love the red carpet.
Tell me you like my boy.
But we here in trouble does this.
Hey, I don't even know Jack.
You're a little puppy.
You're a little puppy.
Just like he and his wife tell me.
They always told me that they don't need to be here.
All you do is you want to turn to be.
Yeah, check it out.
A science teacher.
I want to be a buddy.
I say a dog.
A jackal.
Pull.
Shitty.
John.
Pull a bus with me.
Get out of your gestal.
You like my butt puppy?
From 01560 WDQAM, here's a Faxom Sonian Pombo-Dobiet.
She says, all week in the comedy channel, played the 50 greatest South Park episodes.
They were very funny, but left me the question, perhaps you can answer.
Since Comedy Central is a basic cable broadcast, isn't it subject to the same language restrictions that you're subject to?
No.
No, it's on cable hunting.
How come Cartman can say, and you can't even fart?
Well, I can't fart just not on the air.
Just not love no for you to hear it.
She says, love the Sonian Pombo-Dobiet.
That's the way it is in the web of a commercial radio.
And let me also make one other point to you, okay?
As far as the ratings that came out that desperate, I'm still unbelievably depressed about that whole thing on Friday.
I mean, we've had other books that were not all that great,
and we've had some that were great and some in between.
But this was just so devastating.
After having said back in the spring, man, we just, we got to world by the balls.
We were kicking ass.
Right?
Right.
And then all of a sudden, I don't know where it comes this thing.
And again, diddling with this show, you know, what they do the rest of the day, I can't control that.
And they just never stop.
But diddling around with this show, the highest rate of throw on a station for the last seven years, a moneymaker guaranteed.
And they just can't stop messing with it.
First, they try to show them back to 9 o'clock to try to salvage it.
At least like Disney did, I would say, oh, I wouldn't squeeze someone else showing a morning drive and salvage more.
Yeah, that didn't work.
Because again, people that listen to morning shows where all of a sudden go all turn over at 9 o'clock for the benefit of my career.
And then all of a sudden, we start like at 10.40, and 10.30, and 10.55, and 11.15, and 10.35,
whenever the hell down knows when.
And this just is a nightmare what's going on here.
But one thing I'd like to point out to another reason that, and there was no promotion, have you seen a billboard, a newspaper ad, a TV spot, a campaign that's stirring his own QAM?
No, stirring the deal back to back.
No, and most people, I know this comes as a tremendous bullet.
And maybe you want to write this down to, write it on your arm.
See what it is a memento.
Most people under the age of 100 don't even listen to A.M. Radio.
Oh my God.
Right.
Isn't that a shock?
That's shock.
Most people under the age of 200 don't even listen to A.M. Radio.
A lot of people under the age of like 50 don't even know what A.M. Radio is.
They think it's connected to your pop-up toaster or something.
They think it's connected to your clostomy bag.
They don't know what A.M. Radio is.
So the idea that, wow, you know, the word is going to get out,
or the mouth, and people are going to be tuning it.
No, people are tuning out.
That's the problem.
In other words, the audience that we worked for years to build up,
the more the sports nerds and all of you, whoever else we had going,
and Joe is a big audience, Joe Rose, they were tuning out.
That's very obvious.
Now, do we have any idea yet when the hour by hour is going to be coming in?
We'll be tomorrow.
We'll be winning.
This is going to really, this is going to tell you a lot.
It'll be enlightening.
It will be enlightening.
Yeah, it'll be mighty enlightening, alright.
I can't wait to see that.
Limbo, I wasn't going to use my enquiry stuff as to fill in stuff,
but this one can't wait.
Just like Michael said in Godfather, it can't wait.
Limbo and news anchor rush into love under revance
said the national inquiry this week.
Misery loves company.
Just 10 months after Rush Limbo's wife of 10 years split from the radio top show star,
he's in a hot, but this one can't wait.
Just like Michael said in Godfather, it can't wait.
Limbo and news anchor rush into love under revance said the national inquiry this week.
Misery loves company.
Just 10 months after Rush Limbo's wife of 10 years split from the radio top show star,
he's in a hot new romance.
This makes me want to get on the floor and show up,
almost as much as that book on Friday, not quite.
He's in a hot new romance with CNN anchor Darren Kagan,
who's also on the move from a failed relationship.
I wait a year if she was in a relationship with.
There'll be a lot of puking going on.
Darren 41 had pretty much given up on men after Dr. Sanjay Gupta.
Oh my God.
CNN's on air medical expert dumped her not once,
but twice afraid of Darren's role in the inquiry.
Darren was deeply in love with Sanjay then one day he just flouted,
told her it was over. He turned her over.
It turns out that Sanjay kept another girlfriend and meaghan.
But after things didn't work out with the other girlfriend,
Sanjay came crawling back to Darren and she forgave him.
Just when I seen everything was fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Sanjay dumped Darren again.
This time he told her he didn't have time for a love life and he dumped her ass again.
After Sanjay dumped Darren the second time she told me,
that's it. I give up obviously.
They don't have the sense to pick a good man.
Maybe I should just settle on being single.
That's when Rush came along.
Rush is trying to put his life back together after battling an addiction to pain killers,
knew Darren socially for years, but romance never ended the picture.
Darren is the kind of woman Rush would call a feminazi.
She's outspoken liberal and believes women deserve to be treated as equals of men.
But about two months ago, Darren and Rush started talking by phone.
I hope she won't have any tapes.
And exchanging emails after a social gathering before you know if they were a couple.
Darren's friends are in shock, seeing her with a 53-year-old,
folding, pudgy guy is weird.
Politically, Rush is the poor opposite of Darren.
Strangers it sounds.
Darren tells her friends that Rush can be very sexy, tender and loving.
Bap, bap, bap.
She's actually working on getting into softness public image.
She'd love it if he was a little more liberal,
but she's willing to take a measures because she loves him.
Added a source close to the couple, Rush is desperately trying to rebuild his life.
He was terribly lonely after his marriage crumbled,
but suddenly there was Darren.
She's not the kind of woman you think he'd go after, but Rush and Darren are big.
So all he did was just make sure I had the last sentence on it,
which everybody don't need.
And in the park that's, see what I'm saying,
that's what we're going to do with that fat turd.
Nothing, he'll be fit, so.
If we've been seeing that for a long time now,
how many months we've been seeing that?
About two or three months?
God, die already.
Will you fight, boy?
Give me a call.
I'll give you a ride of peace and copy.
What?
Hi, a pally.
Yeah, I'm a pally.
56070560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
I'm still bad in this little scratch.
It's the change of season, I think.
WQA, and hello.
Hello, and you know how you doing?
Pretty good.
I'm just listening to you about the books and how long you've been doing,
and how staring overflows, and I can't stand it.
Why don't they just shut them off at 10 o'clock?
If I was talking about the, obviously,
they entered into an agreement, which is in conflict with my agreement,
by the way, that they're going to carry this show in integrity
until whenever he gets done.
Yeah, I just heard on Channel 7 they just fired Bill Kamala.
You might want to pass it on to Neil.
They fired him?
They fired him.
They just said, I was surprised.
They said, we have no other, I came from the General Manager.
The Secretary?
What's the problem?
I see the weather theory got fired.
The weather?
The weather?
The weather?
You know sooner or later.
One other thing, and a good line that you guys to use,
is I run a crowd with a lot of Republicans,
and I ask them one question, and nobody's ever been able to answer it.
Who's the name?
Name one thing that George Bush has done
for the working class of American,
other than the tax cut, which most of the money has been given to the rich.
Nobody.
And I repeat, nobody has been able to come up with anything.
It is the best question to ask a right-wing Republican.
You might as well go on and find a rock in the backyard
and ask the rock the same question because you're dealing with the same things.
Well, you know, I got a good friend of mine like that,
and he just keeps, you know, he says, well, be vote-for-carry,
we're all going to die.
I know, but anyway, it's absolutely amazing.
But anyway, we don't know how I go on on the radio,
but just pass it on to AdNia on that,
that the general manager with the guy, leader or whatever on that,
no, but now we're going to be right back.
They said they had no other, you know, he did big shit.
I mean, Trump.
How does it wait?
Oh, yeah.
Well, he didn't know he was on the air, and he said, Schmidt, okay?
I mean, you could say Joe Schmidt, and Mike Schmidt,
why can't you say whatever he said?
Right.
I'll have to check that during a break.
I'll have a hot, bright online here at WSBNNews.com.
You would assume it will be on their website, right?
I would assume.
I'm on the channel right now, but they're doing other stuff.
WSBN.com, okay?
Okay, I'm on it.
I'm on the case.
Hey, if you want to know more about following a low-carb diet,
you want the best tasting, biggest slice of low-carb foods
at the very bestest price, then head forward to the Lice-A-West,
located at the Sensational Store.
We've been sending about them for a long time,
whether you're starting or restarting any of those famous low-carb diets,
the Actions, the Sugar Busters, the South Beach,
any low-carb sugar-free diet,
the Lice-A-West, both are continued to be the number one low-carb store
in the entire South Florida area.
You can buy some of the staples in your supermarket,
but they got maybe a half a shelf located,
dedicated to a low-carb stuff.
Forget about that.
Get into the Lice, where the staff knows low-carb dieting inside
and out they've got unbeatable prices,
and over 1200 great low-carb products like Carbohlite Ice Cream,
breads and pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies, and lots more.
The Lice is open every day of your life,
like seven days from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.,
and they're located on the northeast corner of Glazing 441,
where next to prestigious Boston Market,
you can call them toll-free at 1-877 Low-Carb,
and it's L-O-W-C-A-R-B-R on the web you'll find at lowcarb.com.
There's only one Delice-A-West,
Boka and amazing store that's your official Actions retail center.
You are the center of meaningful, meaningful, Rochester's,
exclusively on 5-6-8-U-A-M.
You can go in, D-Y-E-S-U-C-K-S.
The Lice is open every day of your life,
like seven days from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
and it's the end of your life,
like seven days from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The Lice is open every day of your life,
and it's the end of your life,
and it's the end of your life,
like seven days from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Hey, hey,
help me, John is also sprayin' with you,
instead of hey, hey, hey, hey,
help me, you should know,
you must be hey, hey, hey, hey,
remember when you were happy,
you said hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
bye, hey, hey, hey, hey,
John, I fell off,
I thought you just a bit old,
there I get a jubbie in here,
I am a big old,
I thought you were a self-aggressive girl,
you're just a bit old,
there I get a man,
and he's a pretty cool guy,
what the hell is happening to you?
How's the show?
About 18 to 560 WQM,
261 votes already,
once you take on Bill Clinton campaigning this week
for John Kerry,
can't we have Clinton back
for another pair of my 131,
36 % bump of back,
it can't hurt 113,
great, it'll put Kerry over the top 59,
I don't give a shmit 36,
it won't help Bush Winds,
22, 6 % no matter what Kerry does,
or the Democrats or anyone else,
Bush wins.
Speaking of that,
Mad Story, and I will get back to this Commal thing,
which everybody seems whipped up.
I see this is another example of how we have
nobody listening when it shows words.
And I have any of the facts.
Starting, I mean, the facts is,
the same one.
I've got eight of them already.
When you're going to start talking about that bill,
come all the way.
Did you find out?
Did you know that?
Anyway, before that,
the state of Florida will not be forced to create
a paper record in case of recounts and elections
on touch screen voting machines.
The judge ruled today in a lawsuit by US representative
Bobby Wetzler.
You lose, Bobby.
I'm afraid all of us do.
US District Judge James I. Kohn ruled in favor
of Secretary of State Glenda in the hood
and promised County elections to the adviser
to reset the horrible poor.
The suit by the Bokeh Democrats sought a paper record
for manual recounts and close elections
like the contentious 2000 presidential race,
he'd been seeking a way to help the term
in voter intent where no votes are recorded known
as under votes.
The state issued a new rule October 14 for manual
recounts to replace one thrown out by a state judge.
However, Wetzler argued recurrence
aren't possible with the paper list machines
because they're nothing reviewed by hand.
The machine produced a form showing vote
and instances where no votes are recorded.
Kohn heard three days of testimony and a frow calling
a case of great public importance,
promising a written order subject
to click appeal by losing so.
The first one, which I guess you didn't send the other 500.
I didn't find anything on the channel seven website
about that but him getting canned
and I haven't seen anything on the news.
So we are all fed screw-knit.
I mean people can go up and say whatever they want.
Anyway, big fan Marx says,
what about this story about Bill Kamal
with several question marks?
Can you please give us some details?
I only heard the headline last night at NBC.
Also, Marx says,
where are Rick and Suds?
Are they working?
Are they going to work there anytime?
Are they going to work there anytime soon?
Oh my God.
For Mark.
Well anyway, Miss Kamal.
Why on a robber top little boy?
He's got tourists.
Fire or not.
I'm only going to read this one more time.
You know, here we got the election eight days away.
You got Ashley Simpson lipsnicking on SNL.
You got all these other very important things.
You got the Satanist on the British ship.
And what do they care about Miss Kamal?
You know, the weather furry.
South Florida Television Personality Bill Kamal
was arrested in Fort Pierce someday
as part of a federal investigation
of alleged sexual predator activity
according to law enforcement officials.
The popular chief meteorologist,
really WSVN Fox Affiliates,
accused of arranging to have sex with a minor,
sources said.
That's all it says is to minor.
Kamal 47 and Miami Beach was arrested
in Florida's treasure coast around 1 p.m. yesterday
when he showed up for a scheduled meeting
he had arranged via the internet with an underage person,
you call it, said.
Underage person, I guess, of an indeterminate gender.
Why don't you call it a little boy?
What?
Human being.
With a human.
Or maybe not.
Instead, he was met by a detective
who arrested a Missouri-South Alaska.
At last, Kamal was being held at St. Lucie County,
jail on state porno charges.
He's expected to make his first appearance
on several federal charges in U.S. Court today.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
and St. Lucie County Sheriff's Office,
as well as the U.S. Attorney's Office in Miami,
declined to comment on the arrest.
Nina Puneita, a spokesman for the immigration agency in Miami,
confirmed only that St. Lucie County,
the federal agents arrested a person yesterday afternoon
had been targeted by their sexual task force,
Operation Predator Launch Last Year.
Puneita refused to identify the person or define the charges.
And as the one this story was written in the hereldest morning,
it said, literally, part O-A-W-S-V-N-Fox spokeswoman
said the station was unaware of the arrest and declined
for the comment.
Yadi-Adiya, and then talks about his DUI,
and about the fact that he never stole a freight train.
So maybe you won't see him no more.
I don't know.
We'll keep checking on that.
Are you watching WSV in news?
I am.
I'm so sorry.
I feel bad.
Oh, I'm not watching.
How come I'm on this channel?
Where did global come from?
Where's that cool?
It just felt that way.
I don't understand.
What's just happened to change my channel on here?
I think it changed by itself.
Office CNN, I can't quite frankly blame them.
Selection?
Over to that Chief Justice William Renquist
at Nazi Bastard Hospitalized for a thyroid cancer.
How do you like that?
Not that we wish any of our health on anybody,
no matter how right-wing or fascist they might be.
But in his case, I might make an exception.
Now there is the Judge Scalia, that Nazi son of a bitch,
if the same thing would happen to him, we'd have a party.
You know what?
We'd be in a much better mood.
Yeah.
Line 9, WQA, and hello.
Hi, I want to speak for Neil.
Speaking.
Hi, I wanted to comment regarding Bill Kamal.
Yeah?
Okay.
Regarding the news, I can give you some more update.
It was actually solicited and sex through the internment with minors.
So that's what I just had.
That's the allocation, yeah.
Yeah.
And then the news came out last night on NBC.
That's what I didn't tell you.
What did I just get through reading?
I wasn't listening.
I'm going to get out of here.
Go away.
Go back on a banana boat, okay?
Fidel, Jr.
Can you believe that?
How many times got to read that today?
Fuck two times.
And the facts are still coming because they're like this last guy,
they're not listening.
Why is this such a big deal?
I don't know.
Why is this so important?
I don't know.
Who gives a flying crap about the weather for?
We all, we just got the original weather for it.
We can move all back on.
So to speak.
WN Hello.
Yes, sir.
Sir, it's clearly at the top of the island.
WSN was the dismissal ofville Commal for cars by the management.
Oh my God.
Well, so you're not more.
You can tell, you're not sure.
You can tell, you're sure you don't have to keep watching.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot, Kelly.
Okay.
Here's your job.
Here's your what?
So there you go.
What?
I don't have to keep watching.
So anyway, first of all, you don't have to keep watching Channel 7.
And number two, we better check out and find out if there's a story aboutville Commal.
It is just amazing.
It was just shocking.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Channel 10 did report that it was the minor was a boy.
And that he was fired by WSN Channel 7.
So he is fired.
Channel 10 did report that.
That's what the last guy just said.
Yeah, and it was one of the...
I'll tell you what, let's take about 500 calls just to verify the injury that fired.
Well, no, here's the thing though.
Don't take us right up till two o'clock.
You take a guy like Michael Jackson.
I mean, this guy, you get the way.
He gets the way with whatever he wants with kids.
And everybody puts up billboards and signs.
Oh, he's the greatest.
No, not everybody about 98% of us, the spies Michael Jackson like poison.
But, you know, I can't stand seeing that.
And then when you see somebody like Bill Commal, I mean, you know...
Yeah, but...
Miss Commal, Miss Commal don't have that kind of money, man.
Oh, that's true.
Very good point.
Yeah.
All right, thanks Neil.
Okay, thank you.
That's the only point.
He just don't have that kind of money.
He don't have the big shot of turnies.
He doesn't have a lead in the fans out there that no matter what he does.
Oh, Michael, Michael, we love you, Michael, boohoo.
You know, all over the crap.
Michael Jackson should have been fried a long time ago.
In fact, if you look at him, it looks like somebody beat us to it.
In reverse.
Let's take about 600 phone calls about...
Where is Commal?
It's fine.
Obviously he's been fired enough.
Whether for a junior, kill Bill.
The big QA and Bill Commal line.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let's hear one time for BumbleMumble.
Nymothnanny Merez.
Oh, you know something else.
I'm glad he reminded me.
I was going to play that.
In fact.
Merez, Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
Merez.
There you go.
That's the word is the crow flies.
How about those red socks?
I couldn't care less.
I watched a little bit of the last night.
Just to make sure they're going to win.
I think horse drake, cargels don't look like they even are competing.
Do they?
Well, they'll win a few at home.
A few?
Yeah?
They'll win a few.
Haha.
Haha.
Okay.
26 pass, no, and at 5, 60 WQM.
How about those papyrus, baby?
How do you still say that somebody needs to put a muzzle to take all the duct tape.
If you've got to put it around Phil Simmsmouth, that shot, he makes him a carver look like a,
a mime.
That's how much that one talks.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
And he never knows what that he's talking about.
God, do we hate you feeling your son is a crapping quarterback too?
How do you like that?
That's for you.
And that was a real one.
27 pass, no, and at 5, 60 WQM would tell you about drake concepts, which I've been doing for over 20 years on this show.
In fact, I've been using drake concepts in my homes for the same period of time, a very long time.
And would I even think about calling anybody else?
No.
Of course not because they're the best in the world.
So you do the same called drake concepts today and sanitize your home, whether it's your carpeting, your furniture, your drapery, your expensive,
area and oriental rugs, then they come all look and smell and feel just like brand new.
Beware those 595 per rooms games because you won't get ripped off and you do business with drake concepts you can't,
because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their unbelievable job.
And drake concepts uses a rapid drying technique so your carpets really are drying just an hour and a half so you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
So if it's good enough for me and even my mom, rest in pieces, even she used to use drake concepts.
Remember that?
I do.
And she clilled from them.
I may!
Their number a daydryer in a Palm Beach is toll free. It's 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 on webitstrake concepts.com.
It's drake concepts making carpets clean and soft lotus since 1979.
We are now the starship, me and Rodgers, mornings and meetings, and force a round of clock to find a seat.
See ya!
That's talking about women.
No.
No.
Bush has the plans of their shunns.
Carey things they don't work at all.
Instead of bristles of those shunns they focus on each other's flaws.
Bush wants a voice of reincarnation.
Carey things he aint doing advice.
Talk about my frustration.
I have to choose on election night.
Bush wants a voice of reincarnation.
We are now the starship, me and Rodgers.
Carey things he aint doing advice.
Carey things he aint doing advice.
This is me who is each campaign.
What is all about women?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Twenty seven or one at five.
Sixty W consider a new dog.
it to to I'm sure he'll be waxing enthusiastic about that abhorrent dolphin victory yesterday
and we'll happen again soon will they plan next week Josh I don't know
Anyway the story that I just passed along you might be important look just you know just consider the source
Chief Justice of US Supreme Court Hospitalized for Cancer I just told you that about
um...Renquest uh-huh now that should highlight that's a put the spotlight on these
Supreme's baby the Supreme Court in fact the story about uh... Renquest that I got right here
which I'm not gonna waste the time reading because he's a real Nazi
um...Word of Cancer came in a two-per-graf release from the court it said
Renquest was recently diagnosed with cancer it was admitted to the hospital on
Friday no other details about his condition thyroid cancer the deal being that
at least one in meaning him and possibly as many as four Supreme Court
justice will be appointed by whoever selected a week from tomorrow next Tuesday
and this better be a big as an issue not just all of the
explosives that they found in Iraq that the weekend like laws track of
the three hundred eighty tons
but if they really want to zoom on something here's right here
the Supreme Court which nobody seems to pay the attention to but if you're
unless you're one of those feet as others
let's go for those far-bison aboard again or capric or whatever they are
the uh... the anti-abortion hysterical rights life-craft
then you'd be well better
be voting for carry
you know they they had the uh... later mice to run again over the weekend he
just makes me want to vomit all
probably
i don't know who makes me sicker him or great read
ever seem together
bandits have done to kill two u.s citizens one of sixteen year old drove from
liantana
on a deserted rodents other mexico and then spread a third victim because she was
pregnant the mexican prosecutor said saturday
venice burgos twenty two also from liantana told her mother in an emotional
telephone call
how actually then
denger beg for her life at the side of a deserted dirt road before a
tacher shot her and when all the valdez twenty two of he was in
worth the british eight uston
uh... to death during a robbery for their luggage
no i think the british eight who's been
i was watching the bbc of the weekend they were doing some story about i don't
know what who's been who's been
yeah
okay
he said mom i have bad news actually is dead
norma it it was very said in the view while driving to her pit to pick up her
daughter at the airport
after shooting denger and felt as the government heard of burgos you're lucky
you're pregnant we're not going to kill you
they told her
the three americans were leaving
kutsamala
they pins on
kutsamala they pins on on a country road in the southern
the railroad state through tonight
three men visiting belt as his family during a week long vacation were heading
back to the u.s. overland
prosecutor daniel casters in the phone interview
burgos who is six months pregnant was abandoned by the roadside later managed to
cover family from nearby home
casters of the region's kind of quiet country tracks
with a side of regular abductions and nearly monthly homicides
see what i was saying before
so if you want to go to mexico i don't take a cab
maybe i don't hitchhike
uh... i don't know what that maybe rena car i got a better idea
just don't go yeah there you go
don't go to mexico that's my best suggestion for you
and a status part of it is i have another story on the website over the weekend
which i won't bore you with about how lots of people from uh... texas and the
south-west
guess what they're going for their flu shots
yeah they might get shot
shot see what i'm saying
animal cost of a thing other than what's in a wallet which they can't use it
anyone was there did
want to get shot go to mexico
different approach yeah i'd be a different approach to an escape your ass
other next week okay baba or whatever your name is w
me
what can we have somebody from the north like here you'll pay well we always have
that seven
yehues like uh... linden johnson
and the southern yehues like starting a lot of wars you know lb j with the
Vietnam and this one with his rack attack
and don't confuse the public with us there were weapons of master's trust when we
know it
this thing was that they found over the weekend this proves it
weapons of ass destruction and we know damn well that side of us doing us
on a regular basis one day they were doing it we're done with
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he's rising in singular
wireless lines in fact maybe miss kamaura met up with usama up there in four
peers wnaq a and hello
yeah i don't know today i'm not
how come if i was supposed to one of his to be in the lack of the
liberated people make him free how come uh... they've never done that
they go to Cuba and do that and you can write and the mighty cub is on
after the use of
was that question of the real that stupid
and listen everyone for care man
okay that kind of a lot of margaret for care i've been reading more and more
about that how many are going to work here and that's a start you know
that's a start
away from this right winged who stepping crap you know similar later you have
to pop your eyes your ears even sometime that's right get out of your system
get him out of your system
promises what he calls yeah and you notice all bush does
all he talks about his care he's been president for four years he has
absolutely nothing that is recommended talk about other than that we're strong
terror we're fighting while we're on terror in what way i don't know
i think all these were all the rest of the right i think we were actually
nowhere in a hell of worship that can't stand but now that we've we've like a
maggot magna her brought all these terrorist into a wreck
i don't know where to find a fair now we're gonna
smoke about their holes we're gonna go get them
that were live by diggin a whole climate in it that's right
one can only wish wqa and hello
hi wqa and hello hello yes sir
hi this uh uh Georgia Neil sounds like Neil to me look
oh hi Neil that is it we're gonna sell a man
hello i said go ahead yeah did you give the news about to come out
no i haven't heard about it five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the
Verizon and Singular Rital size this amazing or what what is wrong with these
we've handed on how many times already
not dirty man although i do understand nobody has any idea what time the show
starts maybe figured how we're gonna last for long today who the hell knows what
twenty times already we've talked about miss kamal and her little missap over
the weekend and the fact she got herself canned from wsv and channel seven
news and he's got his ass in deep deep water and that's fine with me okay
great now let's move on to bigger and better things
Jesus k christ so hey yeah good it is
wqa and hello yes sir
this is Eric wow wqa and hello hi Neil very bad air
accommodation by the way it's more
woo yes sir go ahead uh i look for a delivery service so i
listen to you guys all day long uh uh uh
station uh uh and today i had the uh i had it
up to steward so i listened to howard on the other station
right and when howard ended i turned it back to five sixty because i was
coming back into the county right you know i heard the last two
minutes of this show on your station that's how much of a delay you've got
yeah right exactly and they had they had no extra
beats only the ones that howard did uh so
go to hell very briefly bye
i i didn't understand the word is you have any idea what this man is talking
about i guarantee we need to let those parts go on there with them because if
we did there's somebody you won't be seeing no more anytime soon you know what i'm
talking about won't be seeing her no more seems to be like an epidemic of that
you know what i'm saying
it's a little bit
one five sixty
they believe that you're listening to the hockey authority kneel god
oh my god
oh
I'm craving now, I'm watching through
Some hot and dark, and people see
You see now, that's always my love
Show me, right now, I'm gonna be
A big bitch out
I want the bettering
Can't wait to see you
Can't wait to see you
I'm not sure if you know
There's something I know that I can't see
I'm gonna be over my own
Cause the other's a step key
I want you down on my own
Cause the other's a step key
I'm hoping for a penny
No, there's a one more to start you
Prophody 6, the 560 W here
I'm 502, hope it's out of pull already
What's your take on Bill Clinton
Camping in this week for John Kerry
Clinton will be in Miami
Five this afternoon downtown
Equator, one color we had before
And we assume he knows what he's talking about
Or not
Can't we have Clinton back for another term
185 people said that
It can't hurt 145
Great, it'll put Kerry over the top 80
I don't give a shmit 47
It won't help push wins
45 8.9%
And who knows
We'll find out I guess
Or not
Maybe we'll find out next to a day
Or Wednesday
Or Thursday or Tuesday
Or some sookas
Who else?
Months of counting
So did you hear?
Well I went on the channel 7
I've sat and there's nothing there
So I went on the WPLG
Or website
And of course there's something there
On channel 10
Not that they want to dance in anybody's grave
And why not?
Not
So I've followed a TV media
Orologist Bill Kamal was a
Rest of yesterday in Fort Pierce
As part of an investigation into
Sexual Predators
Authority say Kamal set up a meeting for a sex
Over the internet with what he thought was a teenage boy
The boy was actually an undercover federal
Agent police say
WSVN representatives said the station has fired Miss Kamal
Miss Kamal had been the station's chief
Meteorologist
Kamal today is expected to make a court appearance
On federal charges
How do you like that?
Bye!
There you go
Well here's a story that's really important to you
Okay?
Okay
Wait to hear this
Did the NRA fund stolen honor?
See is the headline?
Stop the NRA a group associated with a Brady campaign
That's not Tom Brady
To stop gun violence
Has sent an emailed announcement
Of which they asked the following question
Can it be true that the NRA is behind the stolen honor documentary
Attacking John Kerry to be aired in part of an
It's entirety by sin fair broadcasting
Course we are we know that has taken place in part
The rest of their emails printed below including two actions that you can take immediately
Should you find the argument compelling?
We've received credible information from a source inside the NRA
That the NRA is a significant funder of the stolen honor documentary
Which is scheduled to be aired on 62 stations owned by sin fair broadcasting
Late October
This documentary is the source of much controversy
As it is a blatant political attack on a presidential candidate
Just days before in election
And is being aired by a broadcast company owned by supporters of President Bush
They're characterizing it as news and claiming not to be subject to election laws
The NRA has no secret of its disdain for election laws and using its resources
To try to get around these laws and impact the election
The NRA has a history of trying to circumvent these laws by attempting to buy TV stations
Expressing this air to broadcast from Mexico
Or even from a ship offshore in international waters
By allegedly funding this so-called documentary
And working with existing pro-bush broadcasts of the air
It is succeeding where they failed in the past
They need to be stopped from making this end-around our nation's election laws
Consider this
The assistant general, Cassel of the NRA James H. Warner, appears in the documentary
As someone who's highly critical of John Kerry
Is this just a coincidence?
We've been told by a source inside the NRA
And we cannot identify to protect him and his family
That the NRA is a significant funder of stolen honor
The producers of stolen honor, Red White and Blue Productions
They for-profit company, Greg on their website
They've received funding from individuals and entities nationwide
And are actively soliciting contributions
Since when do for-profit companies or news organizations solicit donations?
There is no reporting of contributors by Red White and Blue Productions
No accountability, nothing
Is this just an intent by the producers to circumvent campaign finance laws
And allow their supporters to hide their identities?
Sinclair broadcasting in the NRA have shown their support for President Bush
To endorsements and contributions
Is Red White and Blue Productions acting as the go-between order for the NRA to get its wish
And use their waives to further its extreme political agenda?
All groups are involved in broadcast activities that attempt to influence elections
Including the so-called 527 organizations must disclose their donors
White as Red White and Blue Productions think it's exempt from this requirement
The Washington Bureau Chief and Top Reporter for Sinclair Broadcasting Group was fired after we criticized the company's plans
To produce the news program based on a documentary critical of John Kerry
After his firing he was escorted out of the building
Are these people afraid of the truth that it's going to come out?
These are questions that need to be asked in the investigate
Our campaign's nations campaign finance laws are there
Kind of to make sure the rich and powerful don't take over our election process
We support a campaign finance performing in NRA opposes
They even lost their challenge to those laws in court
One nice will they go to to bypass these laws
Time is running short, the election is almost here
And that's got a couple of things that you can do which you can go on our website and look at this article
From over the weekend newshounds to the NRA Fund School in honor
And Scott the numbers for John McCain, Senator Russ Feincold, Red White and Blue Productions
Number of their email is sent with so much
All right!
Got it?
Got it?
I think I'm getting like losing my am getting a scratchy fault
Don't do that!
Yeah!
Green tea!
I don't need that yesterday, maybe tomorrow
Maybe the rest of the week went about six
What?
What are you laughing at?
Oh, I told myself a joke I never heard before
Oh!
Must have been hysterical
You hear about Bill Comall by the way?
Yeah, with a bunch of other things
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the verizon and singular wireless lines
The big QAM, hello!
Hey, oh, the government's not going to come
Hey, uh, the view, I'm going to talk about the incident
I was the attack
Sounds like you'll remember Jones to me
WBQAM, hello
You think it was pressure from Robert Hurricanes?
Yeah, that must have been it.
It must have been that the 85,000 millibar on it must have been very, very limited, right?
Yeah
It's much that came his ass right in or some part of it
567, see that's all they had to talk about
And now that we've discussed it 85 times, they got nothing else to say
Very, very sad
One dimensional, like always
WBQAM, hello!
Neil!
Yes sir!
Hey, buddy, we're back baby
We're going to go to your six baby
Bring back Danny Boy and bring back Jimmy Baby Roy
Yeah, bring him back alive, get out of here
You suck
WBQAM, hello!
Neil is Lynn Martez, actually, almost putt
And lately, I'm glad the fact I reminded me
Because I don't want to talk about it so close to the commercial running
I think I did hear Lady Martez doing a spot on the station about an hour ago
Take the missile out, one thing called for the money
Oh, no!
Stop!
Stop!
Now!
Whatever you do, I'm in it
Stop!
Wow!
WBQAM, hello!
What does it say about a meteorologist in general?
General meteorologist, I didn't know any generals were meteorologists, did you?
Maybe in some cases
WBQAM, hello!
Hey, Neil!
You see that?
Hey, George, I was doing that clear in Miss Crow, I'll say it then
Yeah, I know, hey, quick, that's a couple of quick questions
What's the most important thing you're gonna be doing?
A meteorologist in Miss Kamal
Yeah
And you mentioned immigration, is he a foreigner?
I mean, I know the last name is Middle Eastern
Oh, I'm not going to go back and find Miss Thoregan
I know he's now an immigrant, I know he's an immigrant
I don't care, I don't want to hear you talk about it
I've got Miss Kamal coming out of my ass, okay?
Really?
Back to him, the Jesus Christ almighty, man, what is wrong with you people?
Are you sick or what?
Are you out of your mind?
God, one dimensional is an understatement, like I said
Starting like, I think starting tomorrow
Back to him, tell him, it's down there, kill him
Yeah
Starting tomorrow, we're gonna do about from like 150 to 2 o'clock
Yeah, we'll just play a filler between the whenever Howard ends it in 150
It'll be a tight 10 minutes
Man
Let's take a lot more though
Somebody QA and hello?
Hey, how you doing?
Okay
We were at the John Kerry out of Wally
It had to you yesterday, it was at 10 about about 25 thousand people
It was a great Wally yesterday
And Bill Clinton and John Kerry were both here in Miami tonight
At seven o'clock at the Steve's or a government center
How about the 7 o'clock or 5 o'clock?
The gates are at five o'clock and we're there to speak at seven o'clock
Yeah, next one
But get there early, we waited about 2 and a half hours in line yesterday
And after you, there was at least 25 thousand people there
But for now, let's do our phones again this time
Alright
Hey, you're about to come out
No, what happened?
Oh damn, I think you got cut off
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8
So, in $74.60 instead of $15 million, what am I going to be able to do about it? Right? Right. So, the overjoy instead of $13.00, I had $14, all the other numbers are right. Maybe that's what Mr. Commalded to, he thought it was $13, but it turned out to be $14, and maybe the other way around. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8,
I think his name is Tommy Ferraro, who just spoke you going to Barbecue. Do you ever say him like those yearling Ferraro? Yes, he speaks to Bishop a little. Same person, man. Don't be knocking Tommy. We like Tommy. He's good people. Okay. So, we can't help but he's got to speak. He always, we specialize in bad voices on this station. In case you haven't noticed, I was just pointed out.
Club 56 at 560 WQM, it's the end of the month and I was the time to save like never before at Armstrong Fortohomstead.
They've got to clear out all remaining O4s to make room for the O5s, you'll save like never before on all remaining O4s and stock ready for immediate if not sooner delivery.
All the O5s are in and they're ready to roll out too. Plus, for a limited time, get 0% financing on any of the following explorers, escapes, focuses, terraces, and less things too.
Certain restrictions apply. The lots of Armstrong Fortohomstead are jammed and with more O5s arriving every day, they're cutting prices now and you can save a ton.
Armstrong Ford offers you customers more value too because when you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That is correct. Tires and batteries for life.
So, if you've been wanting a new car, but you've been putting it off, wait no more. David Rich and his staff at Armstrong Fortohomstead, will guarantee you the best prices and no forget.
They're locally owned and operated. They'll treat you just like family. I guarantee you won't get better deal on a fourth anywhere in town. No bait and switch, no full need deals.
Here about Miss Kamal, Armstrong Fordohomstead 30725 South-Dexie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836. Check them on the web, ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a little and save a ton. Thousands on that new Ford at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
You are a new Roger. It's a military car on 5668. Thank you, A.M.
I owe my favorite Republican. This is Matt Drudge. At his time, Fordohomstead, excuse me, uploading. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers power.
I was a sailor man and not a lover. My name was Chris Hollander. I went out to the Sculler. We were the Nina Pisa and the Sansa Noreal. I wade goodbye to Spain when my property as a sailor. We were cruising through the oil, getting for me understand. We were scoping for the New World, the New Land.
When we were hunting for America, I said, man, I did this. At least I'm chillin' lunch and I got lotion season. Then I stopped lookin' for land and looked for bells. Or a place to hang our head over the rails.
When we were bailin' on our hands and knees, feeling grounded. Suddenly I heard his word, Joe Gris, I found it. Man, what a sight to be whole. I said you mean land. How we said no? I'm a stubborn, the pet's no bit low.
Don't be afraid to play a 1995 again, okay, before the end of the show. Okay. Cause I like 1985 after I haven't seen the video. It's been amazing how much more you like a song when you see the video when the video is good. And how much less you like it when you see the video is crappy. That does happen. For example, let's see, wait a minute.
Yeah, here's my coin.
I'm gonna go another part. Remember that one? Yes I did. Oh, we're not playing that right now because Joyce is getting really bad out of shape. And speaking of world another blunt, Norma can't stop wasting my time. Go find a hobby, okay?
Go try Russian, we're left without any blanks. Man, just bugging me just to try to prove he's doing something. Go do something useful. Okay, time for you to get serious.
Good with the greatest since me a normal release about pop it. See too much bad pot. Grotch your brain. Okay, Norma can't stop the poachy job for that.
A surge of newlyweds 21 by the research 2000 for the sunset on Florida Times Union found carry leading 48 to 47 with 2% per nature. See, you see, if maybe didn't have the 2% carry probably be like a little breathing room. Be the bag dad.
But no, we got this arrogant egotist and his stubborn idiotic muble followers. Yeah, is he gonna win a state? No, I get one electoral vote. No, all he's gonna do is the same exact thing. See, this is why it's as amazed as me talk about neurotic repetition.
Like they always say, oh, never again, you know, after the Holocaust, and then of course in the meantime, this people is genocide going on all over the world. It is some people getting slaughtered, including many of them by us or because of us or both.
Just like those great surgical attacks that were carrying out over there in Iraq, you know, and then you read, oh, I was in the middle of a wedding party and it was like three children and a pregnant woman and a bunch of other people had nothing to do with anything who got in the way, pinnacle, spy standards, that collateral damage.
Anyway, carry fair best with African Americans and the youngest and oldest voters, boy shell to clearly in Florida among middle age voters and his spanics.
Boy, that interview is with some of those survey indicate that new voters have registered in record numbers this year are giving carry his best chance for ousting the incumbent.
And it goes on with numbers, this your my own numbers. Then the latest news week poll shows and you know, I've noticed on CNN, they'll show every poll they can find that's got push ahead. Right.
Even polls that are older than a thusel remember the story ahead about the Ricky Tiki Sanchez, the old Ohio poll. It was pounding and his guest under said, oh, that's an old one. The new one shows carries a head no I. Oh, really well.
President Bush and Democratic nominee John Kerry are locked into dead heat in the count out of the November 2nd election. Quarity latest news week magazine poll released Saturday.
The telephone survey conducted Thursday and Friday found Bush and the Massachusetts Senator tied at 46 a piece in a three way race within the Pennacandate Ralph Nader.
That's a tightening from Bush's lead last week of 48 to 46 among likely voters Bush like Kerry 48 to 46, which is much less than 50 to 44 last week.
A majority of registered voters 52% of the expected Bush to be elected only 46% and they wanted him to win.
Asked if this was the most important election in their life times 77% of curious of borders and yes, while 27% of worst supporters agreed to what. So that means it's not important. All you Bush people just stay home with that all I important. Right.
Nader not on the ballot in all states received support of 1% of likely voters and 2% of registered voters in the news week pool.
1% and that's enough to do it in the slot of the battleground states. Like for example Wisconsin.
Florida again thanks by the way Glenda to hook for making sure that Nader got back out of ballot again even though we know that there was a nonpartisan effort on your part because you want to be here to everybody.
You bitch you slut you piece of crap.
Just unbelievable like I started to say you know after we went through that experience four years ago and now it looks like we're going to do the same thing.
You bitch you slut you roar. Yeah she makes Captain Harrison a seen nonpartisan by comparison.
And then of course the Nader people are going to don't confuse them with the facts they'll do the same thing. I wouldn't be surprised if some of the old Jews and cemetery virgins were still alive right in happy Canada again because they want to make the same mistake again.
Where's Patty said I'm the good time I'll write him in more. Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and sing it a wireless lens. Let me say it again starting today and we didn't have to do anything different today because steering went on to 11 o'clock.
But starting this week we're doing a show 11 to 2 now we will be on George yours truly or whoever's here before in other words from whenever steering ends to 11 we're just going to just fill it with whatever.
Right that's where I will play that or I got something else we could put in there. Yeah there you go for about half an hour. Well I mean just be around the old bush. Don't forget I got my big city.
Well that's great because we have to have a starting time we have to have like a real show here we can't just continue dealing our audience around there
letting Greg read the law around with our gigantic audience which obviously he's done there's no question about it. 70% of our audience does not listen to how it's turned.
We said everybody did but they obviously don't which is not a problem we're not for the fact that he ends up in a different time every day and that's created a major humongous problem for us.
Now the fact of the matter is 10 to 11 used to be one of our biggest hours remember those days correct those glorious days when we actually started and did 10 to 2 like a real radio show 10 was a huge number.
So we just have to like toss that out. When you are by our things from this last disaster book come any to tomorrow or Wednesday whenever we get them in fact fat boy when you're through writing me a new piece of coffee which I know you're not going to do because you're too busy eating all kinds of candy bars and crap.
But maybe he could hop on it you know since once in a while he's a huge number to yeah.
Line nine again this must be a really good one QAM hello.
Yes sir I want to talk to you speaking.
Hey you're talking about native being on the ballot. I don't know where those double ballots on and there was like 10 people running for president in our country.
Yeah I mean we should be complaining about all those people. There's always a two. Bush and carry and those in there so much of these people on bomb beach to confuse over.
Yeah that's true anything more than two they get really a nervous about. Yeah no we shocked them. Look at that.
I said like it can't like in the early virginity more than two dollars they get really nervous about five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular right of the lines.
I don't have any problem with having like a whole bunch of candidates if there was a reason for them to be there.
But in the Nader's case where we see that what was it again like three to one now yeah there's three to one on the native voters.
And then on the ballot they would vote for carry over. Bush. Three out of every four. Why are you Democrats? Right at the moment.
Well Democratic Party is weak and it's up to them to do it. I just a big see in the last time around the excuse was well he was on the green party and he wanted to get the green party a qualifying of ballot needs state.
They're going to run all these congressional candidates and they're going to get matching funds. Well the green party said no Ralph go away you're a silly old coup and you're going to screw up the election again.
So he's not on the green party. He's not supported by the green party. He's just an ego party is all he is.
So you idiots up here they're going to do the same thing. If you're happy with things have been going.
There's Bubba and the carry is the law.
Bubba he's all heart man. It looks pretty good.
Well we're going to crowd there. Right now while you're looking at live pictures out of Philadelphia is actually so loud that we can't even hear our own Frank Buckley and he can't hear.
Well, he's been reporting throughout this.
It was a pretty big moment for John Kerry as he has a draw closer to election day. Bill Clinton you remember last week when word came out that the carry campaign found out Bill Clinton is going to come out and support John Kerry.
It was a pretty big moment for them. They're pretty excited as you know Bill Clinton no matter what this man has been involved with you know he's called him charismatic and controversial and of course no matter what he's been involved with.
100 and hundreds of people always show up. Everyone is definitely a skinny. It's called the Democratic rocks are now.
The party goes is that John Kerry on stage getting ready to support that carry and the democratic force as the election draws a close.
I think it's cypher dramatic announcement. They're going to announce that that the carries at a point.
Clinton is the secretary of the world of anything. Right. I know of the world.
OK. Well, by the way, Condoleezza found out a month ago that they had that 388 tons of explosives missing in Iraq over a month ago.
But they had decided not to release that to the public because it would be too embarrassing. So, of course, the election time.
I mean because it would be whatever. So the fact that something we were supposed to be guarding with that phenomenal job we're doing over there in Iraq is now in a hands possibly of terrorists and that our own people and other innocent Iraqis are getting killed with it.
That's a beautiful job on fighting terror. You're really doing it, baby. This man is a failure with a capital F on every cut every single issue.
You name them. Go down to list everyone from the economy. The price of oil over 55 bucks a barrel today. In fact, let me take a look at it right now.
It would be great if like we get some of the Clinton and curious speaking out here today. That would be sensational.
Let me see just how crude it is. OK. Oh my god. Maybe we're going to have a crude Natal. You think?
We already had one four years ago and the media lies like crazy in a public most of our two stupid understand it. We had a crude, crude, the top right and broad daylight.
They stole a freaking election from the American public and the Democrats ruled over and played dead. Oh well, let's go away. Let's go away and come back four years later after all these innocent people are dead.
I don't see the price of crude. I do see. Oh my god. Canadian dollar 81.99 right up against 22 cent.
The oil 54.98. It was 55.43 this morning. It's over around 55 cent of barrel. The euro is 128, which is very close to a record high. The American dollars in the tank. It's in the toilet. We have a balance of trade deficit that so gigantic and gaping. It's bigger than that.
That's right. Figure them fat boys. But.
9-11. So that will be the big part for the Bush administration. Meanwhile, look for now the former president. They'll push the bright part of the break down.
John Terry, the president.
Ladies and gentlemen. The last truly elected president of the United States. William Jefferson Clinton.
Hey.
If this isn't good for my heart, I don't know what is. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Governor.
Congressman Brady. The saw. Congressman Heffel. Joe Huffle, our next United States senator.
All our candidates for Congress here, Alison Schwartz, Lois Murphy, Joe Driscoll, thank you and all the other officials who are here.
You know, I'm very grateful to be here today. And I thank all the people of Philadelphia throughout the country for their emails and letters and prayers and support.
From time to time, I have been called the comeback kid. In eight days, John Terry is going to make America the comeback country.
I know well that no one's presence can change a single vote, but I hope my reasons can affect a few votes.
I love this city and this state. You've been very good to me. To my family.
And you've got a clear choice between two strong men with great convictions and different philosophy, different policies with very different consequences for this city, this state, our nation and the world.
On the economy, we have just lived through four years of the first job losses in 70 years. Record by Cropsy's little class incomes declining and poverty going up.
In Pennsylvania alone, you've lost 70,000 jobs that's compared with the 219,000 you gained by this time when that last fellow was president me.
In Pennsylvania, along 249,000 people have been added to the roles of poverty falling out of the middle class is compared with 395,000 people who moved from poverty into the middle class.
The last time we had a Democratic administration, 333,000 civilians who lost their health insurance.
Unemployment's gone up 26%. It dropped 35% in the first four years. The last time we had a Democratic administration.
Their plan is more of the same. They gave two huge tax cuts to upper income people like me, into special interest.
They run these big deficits and they go over a month and borrow the money to cover our debt from the Chinese and the Japanese government and they're saddling it on our children.
They're making our children pay for it today and tomorrow. Over 2 million children not funded and they leave no child behind that.
Over a half a million children kicked out of their after-school programs, 140,000 unemployed workers kicked out of their job training programs, 100,000 working families losing their child care.
Leaving the burden to give us a chance to make a contribution to America's economic recovery and to the fight against terrorism.
It's time most of us, without regard to party, want our chance to contribute to our country's welfare and our future and we don't want our children and our grandchildren paying for the cost of our tax cuts.
Let's see the first break. We'll do three breaks this hour.
I haven't heard that yet. We'll find out when we come back.
We'll take that third break and we'll tack on some of them on the spot. Let's do just a two or three minute break right here.
Okay, can you handle it?
I can handle it.
We'll come back when you hear some more of Baba.
On the 19th at QAM, hey, IRS tax problems have a way of rooting all the aspects of your life. They take control on you financially, physically and emotionally.
You can never really forget about your IRS problems. They come back each morning when you wake up.
CPH, Jimmy Buckwald and the Buckwald Tax Framble Health and your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind.
That's why other top CPH law firms are further clients too. The Buckwald Tax Framble and they have IRS problems.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? It all unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Supposing you have an IRS lien, wage levied, op payroll taxes and penalties, want to settle for thousands less than you owe, need time to pay.
Whatever it is, the Buckwald Tax Framble can help. They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees, immediately from IRS harassment.
And best of all, you never even have to meet with your IRS. The Buckwald Tax Framble handles all meetings and discussions. You don't even have to go.
So call them today, 954-575-2800 and get that monkey off your back.
Whether you owe the IRS 10,000 or a million, the Buckwald Tax Framble can help you out.
Call 954-575-2800 for your free consultation or visit them on the web at irscreedim.com and stop worrying about the IRS not going to that door.
Call them today, 954-575-2800.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' speech, emotionally, on 516-555.
His commitment to our security and our prosperity.
Now, one of Clinton's laws of politics is this. If one candidate is trying to scare you and the other is trying to get you to think,
if one candidate is appealing to your fears and the other is appealing to your hopes, you better go for the person who wants you to think and hope.
That's the man.
My fellow Americans, we can do better.
In the late days, we're going to do better with President John Perry. Bring him on.
We'll come action there, you see.
Thank you very, very much.
You guys look so beautiful all the way back there. Thank you very, very much. You look spectacular.
It is so great to be here today. Thank you very much.
If you hope, you do the work for the next eight days. You'll give me a chance to show you how much I love you. Is that a deal?
I want to thank Governor Rendell. I want to thank Mayor Street. I want to thank all of the congressman and all of the civic leaders who are here.
To join us today. Most of all, I want to thank Pennsylvania and Philadelphia for great welcome here today.
Thank you.
It had great that Bill Clinton back on the trail.
Oh, God.
He led this nation to the strongest economy we've ever had. He expanded health care for millions of children in America.
He helped bring our security and the security of the world to the level it ought to be.
And he did this by always putting people first and fighting for the middle class.
I'll tell you, when I talk to the president before he went into the hospital and Wally was in the hospital, he said to me, you could just feel it.
You could feel it in him. He couldn't stand the idea and not be it out here on the trail with all of us.
And he said, I'm going to do my darnness to get back there before the end of this campaign. Promise made. Promise kept. Thank you, Mr. President.
It takes a lot to keep President Clinton from the campaign trail as we all know.
But high surgery is a big deal. And when you have a triple bypass to be back here in seven weeks, this president is the come back kid and America loves you for it.
Thank you.
I asked the president before we came out here and I said, Mr. President, can you tell me anything that you haven't common with George W. Bush?
And he thought for a moment and he said, in eight days and 12 hours, we will both be former presidents.
So let me ask you, Pennsylvania, you're ready to move America in your direction.
Are you ready to put common sense back into the decisions about our lives?
Are you ready for a president again who is a champion of the middle class?
Are you ready for new leadership from the streets to the top of these buildings?
What help is on the way?
For that line, plenty of time.
Yeah, we heard your crap too. Okay, I said that's all they're going to carry. And it's that we got to hear Bubba. That was pretty exciting.
Rock solid. You can say it again.
Okay, let's catch up on the commercials. Okay, but I figured it was, I mean, why the hell not just do a carry campaign and promotion between our next two days?
I can't hurt two next two days.
And then the days after while they're busy counting and recounting and recounting and counting and throwing away a bunch of votes.
27 after 105, 60 WQM Mad Dog and two of the Humpir at four. We got the Gaudi at Smokey Bones at seven.
Followed by 80K's gambling show at 10 tonight.
You know, it's always, I noticed we didn't get any new copy for Dalai Macris. So I'm going to try to be separate at one sentence here.
Now listen very carefully. Maybe it's me. Maybe I just don't get it.
It's always great time to call 1-800 Macris now's an even better time. Dalai Macris is slashing prices on certain macrises called 1-800 Macris right now.
It's having an additional 20% off. There's super low factory direct prices on top of quality, certain perfect sleepers only at Dalai Macris and in Macrises.
That's right. That's right. Call 1-800 Macris today and you'll get factory direct prices on all C. Lee Pax your pedics when you call 1-800 Macris you'll get same delivery all across South Florida.
You picked the date and time for delivery that to our window that fits your schedule and Dalai Macris shows up when you want them to 99% of the time.
Dalai Macris ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torts of Excellence Award.
All the smart folks and even some who are not all that bright either. At least they're smart enough to make that call because it's the only smart way to shop for a bed.
1-800 Macris just sit there on your fat ass and pick up that phone.
Check them on the web if you like a mattress.com but guarantee yourself a great night sleep tonight and for years to come by dialing 1-800 Macris 1-800-MATTRES.
The two are sitting in little Roger's house.
The two are sitting in a room.
The bigger is dumb and the one step is dumb and powerful.
I support and push after that project date and to my surprise discuss and shame.
The netless sorties in the lane and shifted the blame.
You said that was insane.
We're up to piling, right?
We're not the ones who were tired of it.
What's going on with this stuff?
We're up to piling, right?
We've been told that this is all having fun.
As I spread freedom, a bit more time in the bathroom.
Love the body problems and only just be time for the RGB and Hello Bertrand.
The list is sending hard kids to die and the healing of what's going to work.
The first time an advanced interstitialist must be the reason why they believe your joy is Jesus Christ.
We're up to piling on.
We're not the ones who were tired of it.
What's going on with this wrap?
We're up to piling, right?
For adults, why don't you take so many things?
It's hard work.
Everybody knows this hard work.
We got a lot of hard work.
I see I'm the Teenage Scenes that are hard at this.
Yeah, I'm a...
Hey, yeah, you don't got it. 26 still 2 at 5.60 W.A.M. 687 votes on the pool.
What's your take on Bill Clinton campaigning for Kerry this week? And of course we just heard the kickoff of all event until the
Alphia. Can't we have Clinton back for another term? 240, 35% said that to which I say,
Oh right. Oh yeah. It can't hurt 204. Great. It'll put Kerry over the top on 19.
It won't help bushwinds 64 9.3% of the dunderheads out there who like the way things are going right now.
They like the death, the destruction, the people ought to work. They like all of those crap tax cuts for the rich.
They love it. They want for more our right wing Supreme Court justices.
And I don't give a shmit 60. There's always that 8% who just doesn't matter what it is. They don't care.
They will not be moved. They just don't give a crap. You know, they're like like that.
5.670560, pound 560 on either rise in singular wireless lines.
Fondry just smoking, aren't they? Oh yeah.
Stimulating thing. Huh? Well, let me ask you what they Clinton and Kerry,
what do they have to say that anything to with Miss Kamal? That's a very good point.
Yeah. Maybe they don't know. I should call me.
Kam let him know. WQA and hello.
Hello. I was wondering. Yeah, okay. Well, I'm wondering what kind of a mole wrong you must be, okay?
WQA and hello.
Neil, I have an update from the same as he.
Gail, what is in it? Yeah, okay. Great.
See what I'm saying? They get on one thing, man. That's all they got.
You ain't got nothing else. Any women call today?
No. You can get in right now, man.
5.670560, pound 560 on either rise in singular wireless lines.
And you wonder how they're going to let it happen again in Florida?
Now, if I have to put my competence in next two days election and
based on what's going to happen in Florida, I just assume jump out my window here.
I just assume go try to scratch off that 14 and put a 13 on there with a pencil on my lottery ticket.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, this is Neil.
Yes, man. There you go.
Hi, Neil. Yeah, this is the first one I can all like guess right?
How do you like that?
I love your show. I love everybody on QAM. Big five.
Excellent.
Yes, man.
I need help. I need some suggestions.
I can turn my grandfather's 85 years old from a dang bush lover to carry.
Can I give you a real quick solution to keep in from Bolton from Bush next Tuesday?
Yeah, what?
Yeah.
Do a good job, sweetheart.
Yeah, I love your show, baby.
Take care of things.
Yeah, that's the way to do it.
I have to kill him to shoot him in the hepper to like or something like that.
Kick the walker out from under it.
That's right. Just take away his bag.
Okay, they won't let him anywhere near that photo place.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60.
I mean, Verizon and Singular wireless line.
I thought that was a pretty emotional scene there in Philadelphia, didn't you?
It was.
Not this audience alone. Nothing faces them like I said.
They refuse to be phased, moved.
We just don't care.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got something to tell you to say about Bush and Carrie.
Yes.
I got nothing.
Right. So I thought WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Well, we don't have time to dittle around with you idiots.
Okay, with you, Mosqueaters.
Eric Margolis writes in the Toronto Sun, non-Americans, Red Bush.
Now, how many minutes do we have left, Josh?
Eight.
I know.
Nine.
You can take the regular breaks.
So we just do two more.
Two more.
Wouldn't he handle that?
He's not a few minutes.
Eric Margolis writes, what's the way path entrapment in Pakistan,
a fact we had in Shanghai, a great picker in Chile and a Canadian auto worker,
a haven in common, a.
Their lives are all shaped by decisions made by the White House,
the closest thing we have today, the world government.
It's unfair.
The whole world cannot somehow vote on the upcoming US elections
since they affect all mankind.
Maybe the rest of the world could vote and count as one US state,
internationally, internationalia.
However, if this happened, the result would be a landslide for Carrie.
The vision of a reelected George W. Bush,
running the world doesn't sit well.
Few non-Americans know anything about Carrie,
but it hardly matters.
He's popular everywhere, broad, simply because he looks civilized and is the un-bush.
My eagle-eyed friend, Countess Pamela Di Mejret,
Margrouette River, named, has brought my attention to an interesting internet site,
betavote.com, betavote.com.
This site tagulates straw votes for Bush and Carrie from all over the world,
though unscientific and distorted in the US section by Bush on lovers,
it provides a good sample of world thinking about the election.
Among 42,000 plus global residents, Carrie leads Bush 88-11 percent,
and Brazil Carrie leads by 91 percent,
and Italy by 79 percent, 91 percent in France,
71 percent in India, 77 percent in Japan,
11 percent in Kuwait, 89 percent in Germany,
81 percent in Britain, 17 percent in Israel, 61 percent in Nigeria,
only in the African state of Niger,
is Bushly by 71 percent.
Bush and Carrie, oddly, are tied in Libya, North Korea,
Christmas Island, and Na'yue, wherever that is.
What deeply alarms many non-Americans is the prospect of a second
Bush term dominated by a coalition of evangelical Christians,
Christian Ractorist, American Partitions of Israel's PM Ariel Saron,
and rural voters from the deep south who reject evolution and think French is the native language of Satan.
These groups tend to share a loathing of Europe.
The UN, the Pope Muslims in general, Arabs in particular,
intellectuals, anything international, and believe themselves to be gods, chosen people.
Some board again, Christians see Bush as kind of a Messiah.
There's deep concern abroad that American politics is falling,
increasingly under the influence of extreme religious groups,
and at a time when secularism is accepted across Europe and non-Muslim Asia.
Many Catholics will vote against Carrie on their bishops orders.
Many American supporters of greater Israel who shape US foreign policy these days
believe they're fulfilling God's commands.
The 41 percent of Americans call themselves born again Christians
having whipped into a pro-Bush frenzy by many of their preachers,
so much reciteration of church and state.
America's fastest growing culture Ractorist believe
once greater Israel's created and all Jews converted to Christianity,
they'll be instantly transported to heaven while the world will be destroyed
and all non-believers slowly burned alive.
Their unofficial Bible,
left behind series of books, is sold nearly 60 million copies,
they are Bush's most ardent supporters, the Ractorists.
Such extreme groups might would merely be curiosities of America's
outback within outso dominant Republican circles.
A recent survey shows born again's in general comprising 22 percent of voters in Pennsylvania,
36 percent in Missouri, 30 percent in Iowa,
Absolutely, but third man!
27 percent in Ohio,
Alki Battleground states that will decide the election.
A New York Times survey found this city voters back
carry 69 to 23 percent,
and in small cities 53 to 40 percent,
but in suburbs Bush leads 50 to 42 percent
in rural areas in the south Bush leads by a whopping 55 to 35.
More educated Americans back carry while Bush speaks for those who love his folksy ways,
mangled English, Jingleys, and and religious pretensions.
However, a president who says he communicates with God-regulating claims to be a divine mission
makes the world very uneasy.
Who will the Lord order Bush to liberate next?
Iran and Syria,
simple France with its cigarettes wine and wild sex,
lengthy Canadians with all that water and oil,
where the Chinese reject Christian values and work to cheap.
Add to the Bush vote that 20 percent of Americans
who believe Elvis is still alive,
and you end up with an unbeatable majority.
Their finest treasure,
the eruders of mornings and meetings,
and so forth from the clock to five six weeks away.
We need our games if we don't want to doubt
from the first thought tell them left us all this way.
We forbidden,
blind to cold,
the wars are due,
the earth of the sun's drop from the stars from far away.
Maybe we should have painted sunshine
and a fake moon to the farts we chose to explore.
The price of gravity is long,
and I'm afraid that the line won't be very long.
We need our games with our hope that my birth,
cigarettes will be restored one sunny day.
We need our games if we don't want to doubt
from the first thought tell them left us all this way.
We need our games with our hope that my death
is in the right to be restored one sunny day.
I'm dying on the hand.
147 at 5.60 W.A.M.
My Hudson writes in the Niagara Falls reporter
Phony Bill O'Reilly gets his come-up and says
he says it's almost enough to make you feel sorry
for ratted right-wing Republicans almost.
First they found out that their icon Wersh Limbaugh is a pathetic
dopedic that Matt Rudge is a self-loathing homosexual
and that Morality's are Bill Bennett's a degenerate gambler.
All three made millions preaching their idiot choir
about the evils of drugs,
sawdame, and lack of self-control.
Then the wing nuts discovered their fearless leader,
George W. Bush lied to them about weapon-domased destruction
and the links between Sodom and Sam and Alcaton
in order to invade Iraq.
Of course, the fact that this far has claimed the lives
over 1,100 brave Americans.
And now they find that Morality,
Beacon Bill O'Reilly, the bully boy of Fox News is a pervert.
Andrea Macrius 33, who worked as a producer
on O'Reilly, show filed suit and states
at Supreme Court last week,
charging it with sexual harassment.
In an incredible 22-page complaint,
Macrius details a litany of nude charges involving
phone sex, masturbation,
vibrators, treasins, and other sexual fantasies.
For his part, O'Reilly filed a counter-suit
accusing Macrius in a returning of attempting
the shaken down.
I've read a lot of lawsuits over the past three decades
and this one reads more like a press release.
In fact, it's the most poorly written lawsuit I've read since
O'Reilly and Fox suit comedian Al Franken
freezing the word staring balanced in the title of a book
that made fun of O'Reilly.
And that suit was thrown out of court by a judge
who was literally laughing.
Macrius complaint, which you can read online
at thesmokinggun.com,
contains extensive quotations that was strongly
indicated she'd taped O'Reilly at his rudest and crudest.
He is apparently what Working Girls refer to as a phone freak
that is he gets his kinky kicks out of talking
dirty women on the telephone.
Far be it for me to criticize anyone's idea of a good time,
but O'Reilly's holier than now added to,
they expressed ad nauseam on television and radio
as well as in bestselling books
and a syndicated newspaper column
begs it closer inspection.
The extent of O'Reilly's obsession with Bill Clinton's sex life
can be indicated by a quick Google search,
type in the words O'Reilly plus Clinton plus sex,
and you'll find 25,900 hits.
He's devoted entire programs to the alleged sexual
misconduct for singer R. Kelly.
And when Janet Jackson's partly covered right breast was
flashed on screen for a nanosecond during the Super Bowl,
O'Reilly flew into a rage and read it on endlessly about the decline of
Western civilization.
All the while getting his jolly's calling up a defenseless young woman
who was dependent on him for her livelihood
and talking in language so obscene I can't reprint it here.
And O'Reilly didn't just harass he threatened her,
bizarrely he invoked the name of Franken in one of his
lurid fantasies.
If you crossbox news channel, it's not just me,
it's Fox President Roger Ails will go after you.
I'm the sweet guy out front making loud noises about the issues,
but Ails operates behind the scenes,
strategizes, makes things happen that one day,
bam, the person gets what's coming to them,
but never sees it coming, he reportedly said,
look at Al Franken.
One day he's going to get a knock on his door
and life as he's known it will change forever,
that they will happen, trust me.
Well, I've always thought of Fox News as some sort of organized crime.
I didn't know that it was that sort of organized crime.
I call the other right-wing foes,
Ails is an outspoken advocate of what Republicans like to call
family values, and the suckers ended up.
As of this writing, he hasn't denied any of the charges
that Micros made near complaint,
although in a demonstration of colossal egotism,
his claim he's the victim of a vast left-wing conspiracy,
designed to influence the outcome of the upcoming presidential election.
The colorability of a large portion of the American electorate is troublesome.
A lot of people in this country take liars like O'Reilly,
Limboi and Drudge at their word,
and about half a way to go out and vote for the coward
and moron bushing two weeks.
You'll never go broke under estimating the intelligence
of the American public, Georgia, us,
a copman once cracked, wise cracked.
I never believed it before, but looking around,
like me, I'm not too sure.
That's it.
And actually it says, crack wise.
So, no matter what I read, it's like the Dalmatian scum.
The image of Fatboy Reeneworth is calm, you think?
Wouldn't surprise me.
All right, let's take a look at that poll result.
So far, why do I feel like Russia today?
That's not a Russian.
I don't even like what's in there during Kagan
all that much in CNN.
Is that incredible or what?
All right, let's see.
Also, Letterman Leno Bell, a battle escalates into war.
They hate each other like poison.
Jacko is brother of the thinks he's guilty of molesting boy.
I mean, why did we step into inquire this with
which he uses our four-played Amarby photo shoot?
Actually, he starts assuming how he gets off, you know,
10-30, 10-20.
Say, yeah, 40.
Whatever the hell he gets off.
150.
150.
What's your take on Bill Clinton campaigning with
Kerry this week?
757 votes.
Can't we have Clinton back for another term?
264 or 35 percent?
It can't hurt 225.
Great, it'll put Kerry over the top 133, think that.
It won't help.
Bush wins.
69.9.1 percent.
69.
I don't give a shmit.
66.8.7 percent.
The mindless crowd author, the eight or nine percent that,
but they're busy doing that all day.
152.5.6.1.1.1.1.2.
When you shop for quality, footwear, great selection,
professional service.
There's only one place to go.
And of course, we're talking about
Brandeys and Pompato Beach for a very long time now.
Smart two shoppers have known that Brandeys is the only
store that you can't be with a stick because
they got the best election men's women's shoes.
Personal friendly service.
They know your feet inside and out even by the aroma
and they always have the best prices in town.
And we're talking about top quality names.
No off brands.
Only the names you know and love.
Like Rockports, Floreshime, SAS,
Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer,
all the other top names in a business.
Brandeys is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 a.m.
to 9 p.m., every Sunday from 10 to 5.
And you find Brandeys at 12.90
North Federal Highway in Pompato Beach.
It's always worth a trip no matter where you be.
And right now is an even better time to get a great deal of
Brandeys because this week again,
take 50% off on all red tag men's and women's famous brands
all throughout the store.
So be sure to get into Brandeys this week
or visit them on the wicked web at brandeshues.com.
We'll be right back to the exclusive one.
I know, like, yes, I don't think every said,
I'm not worried about a son of a line.
It's kind of one of those exaggerations.
Of course you're worried about a son of a line.
We're on the hot after a son of a line.
We're using every asset and a disposal to get a son of a line.
I don't know where he is.
Nora, I just don't spend on my timeline.
Early balance with you.
And, you know, again, I don't know where he is.
I repeat what I said.
I truly am not that concerned about him.
What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century?
And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes
and the federal and sick of?
Yes.
A tribal sovereignty means that sovereign.
You're a year eight.
You've been given sovereignty and your
youth is a sovereign entity.
And therefore the relationship between the federal government
and tribes is one between sovereign entities.
Maybe the earpiece could help that day.
We're about 10 years too late.
Yeah, that one thing's worth great.
When Tim was president, okay, was innocent.
For we can still be friends and be the same boy with
springy adult internet.
And there was no friend yet.
Never learned about being locked in.
What's going on within the blind?
We don't care about my daughter
and not about being the same.
And all that break is a day.
Yeah, you could take your pick
like Tim was said from God no doubtful.
No, no, no.
I don't like no wishes or hoodies
that granny was a cutie.
There was a land that's more than
a joyous wish from love and to close
which matching the people's traction
but nothing quite feels right.
This 19, 19, 1990.
1990, 1990.
You know where to try up and with me
they beat the piss up right.
We still have some easures.
But also there was wisdom and we had so feet
be Hawkins.
Yes, he was for Dawkins.
I wonder if she survived that.
1990, 1995.
Hey, don't forget to remind me to play
in 1995 again.
Alright, hey, don't forget.
And don't forget to check out our website
nearrogerz.com if you haven't watched it already.
And even if you have, you probably
forgot what it was.
9, 11 Pentagon's strike.
Did we put the other link on air
just in case it doesn't play in our computer?
I don't know. I think it might
have disappeared from their own source.
But we will research it.
We'll research it and we'll get it on there
because you must watch it.
That's your homework for tomorrow.
Bye, bye, bye.
How are we going to find the progress?
We're going to find the progress.
We're going to find the progress.
My name is Fort Morgan.
I just find a thing to jango seven dig up.
What word did you say?
