Why the hell you bastard?
There was no farmer who lived on a rock
He sat in the middle just shaking his face
That some boys who were down by the creek
They're feeding the water
Their hands on their marbles
And play things and at half past four
There came a young lady
She looked like a pretty young creature
She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress
And she showed them her ruffles and laces
And white blood be dug
She said she was learning a new way
To bring up her children
So they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard
Were shoveling refuse and litter
From yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes
At the fellow down by the dock
He looked like a man
With a size of a home
In the country with a big fence out front
If he asked her
But lightly
She'd show him her little pet dog
Who was subject to fits
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her
Small tender hands with a movement so quick
And then she'd bend over
And suck down his candy
So tasty made of butter sky
And then he spread whipped cream all over her
Cookies that she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty
You can go fuck yourself in it!
10-02 at 5-60 WDQM
Happy Friday March 12th
We just missed the March 13th
A Friday 13th by a day
A la
And the way things have been going
It's probably a good thing
Probably a dang good thing
Several factors on the Joanne March situation
I just want to chastise some of my colleagues
On QAM for two things
Number one, I don't find anything I'm using about the fact these guys got candy blown out
Number two, I don't take any satisfaction in the fact that there are other people
Who are like kind of like vultures
Being dangled over waiting to be put in that slot
Because I think the Joanne March situation may just be revisited in days very nearer to come
And number two, you know, it's just amazing to me
And like I said yesterday about CNN with this Todd Bertuzzi hit on Steve Moore
The people on our radio station
Geltie excluded and Geltie's been out sick or whatever the last two days
He's not even on
So if you take all the sports there is on our station and put them together
What they know about hockey you could stick in Greg Reed's
Have room for the Chinese army left over in there, okay?
But all of these people, wow they all got an opinion and Todd Bertuzzi from Todd Dredd
Absolutely
But certain people on the station
Who was seriously a void hockey and think that it blows all of a sudden got a big mouth
But it will be out there experts
People I watch more hockey in one night than the collected group
Taking Geltie aside because he's not there last couple of days
The whole rest of these sports nerd group on that radio station in a year
Because they're not one of them that watches one complete game in a single year
Am I right?
Absolutely
In fact I think George is more on top of it only because it rubbed off from the show
Well, Todd didn't want it to but he couldn't control it, you know, he had no cheers
1554 votes on yesterday's pool and I feel whipped up to a frenzy today, you know, I just really do
Good, it's a good Friday
I do
Well, I give you whipped up to a frenzy with Jessica Beale
Yeah, I will show do it
Now, unfortunately again, there are some ignorant people out there who would know Jessica Beale from Howard Beale
Find me, find me, and I'll tell you something to take this anymore
So get yourself an education
Or before I do the pool even here's a little background what I'm going to try to do each day
When we have our sunshine girl behind the beaded curtain, it's behind the beaded curtain
You must be 18 to take a puke at it, okay?
Don't be given a still crap, you better be 18 and you better take a look at John Ascroft's push
Because he's watching, he's monitoring you
Anyway, Jessica Beale was born March 3rd, 1982, so she's 22 and 9 days
Perfect
Yeah?
Huh?
22 years old and 9 days
Fresh
Oh, by the way
Yes?
Jennifer Beale's
Who's someone else on the L word, you know famous and has been a big name
Did I say Jennifer Beale's?
No, no, but when I was talking about her before people were confusing Jessica Beale
With Jennifer Beale
With Howard Beale?
Yeah
She was born in Eli Minnesota, raised in Boulder, Colorado, she's 5'8", her nickname is Jesse
Jesse Beale
It would seem natural for her to play the classic Girl Next Door rules
However, the star of a gander career and teen model prince after being discovered at
1994 Imta convention has struggled to break out of the confines of the Good Girl persona
Her breakthrough came when she was cast in Aaron Spelling's W.B. production's 7th Heaven
as Mary Camden, oh that's 7th Heaven, man oh man, there's something for everybody in
that show
Although she gained considerable attention for her work on a show, she began increasingly
frustrated with the role, blaming her saintly image for the loss of leading role in American
beauty to Thore a Birch
Feeding her character in the series was letting her film career to spider roll in a claimed
drama Uli's Gold, Beale attempted to get out of her contract when a producer's refused
Beale turned to Gear magazine where she posed Stark naked, oh no, the controversial cover
in photo spread, can I say spread?
No
The photo
The controversial photo
Resultant or leaving the TV series by mutual consent, unfortunately Beale's film career
did not take off as quickly, only as she had hoped and she frequently appears as a
guest on 7th Heaven
And let's see, it goes on with a list of summer for her
She excited and terrified moviegoers last fall with her portrayal of leather faces greatest
nemesis today as Aaron in New Line Productions remake of Texas Chainsaw Massacre
Having just finished refilming Blade Trinity in Vancouver with Wesley Stanserine Reynolds
and Chris Christopherson, she's recently transported to her intensely cut and trained
body of a vampire hunter killer to Australia to fill the uniform and project the integrity
of one of the first female jet fighter pilots in Columbia Sony Pictures New Film
Stealth 2005
With Josh Lucas, Jamie Fox and Sam Shepherd
Oh my god, it's her film career beginning at age 14 when she played alongside Peter
Fountain, his gold globe while winning performance Eulie's gold, other film credits include
I'll be home for Christmas, the summer catch, rules of attraction which is just fabulous,
summer catch and I just said that and cellular.
Did you say catch?
Catch, summer catch is what I said okay, catch rhymes with patch.
Hey, and door latch.
Anyway, match.
1500 plus of votes on a poll yesterday.
What butchered word or phrase bugs you the most really just frost your fat ass.
Axe, your fat axe.
Let me ask you a question instead of ask, 766.
To really, I mean there's nothing even close.
Let me ask you something.
So anybody who's listening no matter what you're where you're from, what your whole deal
is, stop saying that because people think you're stupid when you say that.
Absolutely.
Let me ask you something and we have people call on these shows all the time.
Hey, I want to ask you a question.
No, if you want to ask me, I'm going to run like hell.
Okay.
Sounds like something from the Texas teen saw maskers.
Be ready to that.
Right.
Lather push.
Axe, 766.
Nuclear instead of nuclear 220 and of course our esteemed president president, Dimwit,
he always said nuclear 220.
So those are the only ones in triple digits, irregardless instead of regardless of
72.
I could care less instead of I couldn't care less 59, especially instead of especially
47.
Oh, especially for you.
Supposedly instead of supposedly 35, Jai screwed up though, he forgot to put on sublimable
on here.
Oh, well, let's do it again.
Yeah.
Well, we're going to do it again.
We're going to do it again.
We're going to do it again.
We're going to do it again.
We're going to do it again.
We're going to do it again.
We're going to do it again.
We're going to do it again.
We're going to do it again.
19, wit instead of wit as in getting jiggy with it, 18, idea instead of idea.
Now it would all be respected to chemists, idea 17.
Jewelry instead of jewelry, 15, February instead of February, 15, valentimes.
I mean, only really stupid, stupid people would say valentimes day with an M instead of an N-13.
Birthday instead of birthday, 12, something, hey, something instead of something 11.
A cross instead of a cross like the dog ran across to the street, 10.
Moved or moved point instead of moved point, 9.
Spelt instead of spelled 9.
Did anybody ever tell you what spelled is?
No.
Well, what a bunch of losers.
Roof, 9 instead of roof.
Sammich, 9, toad instead of toad.
I've been toad a lot of the crap.
Six.
Successful instead of successful five.
Peripheral instead of peripheral four.
Etcetera instead of etcetera, etcetera.
See, etcetera, something you think when you got a bad headache.
Four.
Missed tedious instead of mischievous two.
Probably instead of probably two.
And though, as in Thotabal instead of Throw had one.
That's pretty interesting.
So it's some good time.
Sure, what?
Yeah.
So it's an angry thing you found that.
Speaking of killing some good time, boy do I have some a lot of stuff today.
In fact, everybody at QA and just take their pants down, bend over, and berries gonna kiss your back home right now.
I know it's a little bit disgusting.
It's obscene, especially some of us.
There's some people at QA and you don't want to think of bending down and burying their back home bottom.
But Barry wants the licky, licky, all of us.
And does a hell of a job in a hero today.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, well, I got on twerk.
Yes, sir.
This is QAM?
Yes, sir.
I know this is kind of an accent, but the way they destroy coffee.
Coffee.
Like the New Yorker say, coffee.
Yeah, coffee.
Good one.
Thanks, Pally.
Do I have some coffee or Starbucks and have some coffee?
Enjoy.
I don't like people who say enjoy that.
That bothers me.
Enjoy.
You don't need to say that Rick Alpo used to say that.
I don't know.
How about if I want to?
No, but just I don't know.
It just sounds so silly.
It's so gratuitous.
Yeah.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
What is it?
I mean, what is happening?
I'll enjoy it if I want to enjoy it.
Okay.
I'll decide whether I'm going to enjoy it or not.
Now, let's see what you got.
Enjoy.
Here's the pool today.
And I'm sure we'll get a whole bunch of others from the one.
We didn't that's okay.
I don't care.
Anything because of some good time.
Because believe you, we under the present circumstances,
we're just here even more so than ever before for the cash.
Just give us the check.
Thank you.
And that's it.
All of the rest is just pony baloney.
We're not here to entertain.
We're not here to amuse you.
We're just doing the best we can under impossible circumstances.
And let me tell all you Democrats out there.
Congratulations on a magnificent job yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
In the house, 391 to 22 on the indecency bill and a house of representatives
it passed with flying colors.
I mean, 391 to 22.
22 Americans in the house of representatives out of 435 got the balls to stand up
to this fascism that's going on.
Oh no, the Democrats won't let them do this.
Right.
They're rolling over faster than screw in.
Here's the pool for today.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song?
I like that.
I mean, they probably won't like it because they always hate my music.
But doesn't have to be my music or you music or anyone they like.
Let's talk about taste.
Right.
I only put three on here to start.
Locomotion by Grand Funk Railroad.
Locomotion by Kylie Minogue, which we played a little yesterday.
And C of Love by the Honeydrippers originally by Phil Phillips,
which was much better, but nevertheless, that's just again started.
Right.
I put blinded by the light on there.
Manfred Manfred.
He's a good man as opposed to Bruce Springsteen.
Bruce.
Yeah.
Blinded by the light.
Have you heard his version of it?
Yeah.
Horrible.
Yeah.
Well, you don't understand the question.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song?
Well, there you go.
That's the first.
Springsteen did it first.
Yeah, he wrote it.
Why didn't know that?
Yeah.
It's kaka.
But that's a long time ago.
That's a old song, manfred's man.
Anyway, 10-13.
Let's get moving here.
We had a lot of fish to fry.
Hell, you horse racing fans and poker players.
Pompe no park racing in card room is about the gambling action
you be looking for.
Just a half mile from both I and 95 in the Florida turnpike,
Pompe no park is easy to get to a best of all.
Pompe no park features free admission and free general parking every single day of your life.
Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday,
and Saturday like the night and tomorrow.
Poker starts at noon, goes until midnight.
All you old cockers out there.
And live racing gets underway nightly at 7.05, including two night.
Every Monday night there's a two for $25 dinner special outstanding food in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor.
Every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft beer.
So this hot dogs and more every Thursday's ladies night with two for one drink specials for the ladies.
And also every night on the fourth floor of players room there's a 7.95 plated dinner special every live racing night.
This week is our Lukaya week at Pompe no park.
And honor of the island to freeze newest casino, our Lukaya on Grand Bahama Island.
They're going to be given away five trips for two, including airfare from Port Lauderdale, a two night stay at the Sheraton Hotel in golf for two.
Plus each night five other winners will get tickets for two on the newest high speed ferry, the cat that sales daily, two Grand Bahama Island from Port Everglades.
So plung your guts out, maybe get even extra lucky when one of them prizes.
At Pompe no park, a blocked south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road, don't forget great cybercasting every day,
who's starting in noon seven days a week for the erase schedule call 9.549722000 or go on a web at Pompe no park.
Don't forget post time tonight 7.05 at Pompe no park, give a fair rich a big high five for us.
My and lovels, this is 4.056.
Oh, were you drudge packing?
Eric.
And here's to you, Mr. StarFunction.
Troopers found some pot in your limo.
Whoa whoa whoa, God bless you please, Mr. Carfongon.
There's a happy spine at you will pay.
No, 100 pots.
Hey hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey.
Now you have a criminal record in our police files.
If we have you, could you help yourself?
Look around you all, you see our dilated eyes.
If you're getting stone to it in your own home.
And here's to you, Mr. Carfongon.
Smokey gun, just eat this though your own.
Whoa whoa whoa, God bless you please.
Mr. Carfongon, post time and no sure not spot through way.
Hey hey hey, hey hey, hey hey hey, hey hey hey.
1018 at 560, oh yeah, this one had a little pot.
That one had a little pot.
This one had a pin joint.
Oh, come on, already grow up America.
It's not part of the same syndrome, the same childish juvenile syndrome,
when you people got to grow up.
Oh, the land of the free, yeah, I wonder how was that?
I must have missed that.
Very jack, I better take a couple of calls before getting all this heavy duty stuff here,
because there's so much stuff being written.
We got a whole pile of facts is here about Joanne Mark.
There's stuff being written, of course, about the new, the fourth right,
which is taking away all of our freedoms, one by each.
70 QAAM, hello.
Yes, I'm Neil Fee.
Yes sir, speaking.
Yes, Neil, I would like to put one on your phone.
Go ahead.
I win in Houston.
I would always love you.
I would always love you.
Whitney Houston, you got it?
Yes, that's it.
All right, thank you.
You too.
You got it?
We got it.
I got it.
Who did the original?
Who did the original?
Well, who's on first?
I didn't know there was another one.
Well, we shouldn't probably ask them, shouldn't we?
We could have.
Sure.
I mean, the way you said it, so confident, I'd assume that you would tell me.
Wait, I said it.
Right.
You said sure.
I won't always love you with the Houston.
I bet you're pardoned.
I'm not going to argue with these people.
Do you see I'm not going to argue with dark people, is that what you just said?
With these people.
These and them and those?
Yes.
Well, shame on you, man.
What is wrong with you?
Well, I'm looking it up.
I'm trying, but I'm not there's a problem here.
Record title.
I will always love you.
I can't even find the eyes.
I find the nose.
Let's see.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, if I've got a tiger by the tail.
This is a, why did we even start this?
You know, whose idea was this?
Same thing.
I will always love you.
I will buy you a new life ever clear.
I will always love you by Whitney Houston.
I don't know anybody else done that song.
Me either.
So what he's talking about.
I don't get.
I should have asked him.
So what is it?
6705.
What?
So we're not going to put that on.
Of course, we're not going to put it on.
There is no remake.
Maybe he just likes it.
I guess.
I don't know.
Maybe he likes all that counter-walling.
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
And every newscaster uses it, every sportくt, every sportscaster uses it
and it's annoying as hell.
Well, leave off the-
Why?
Exactly.
Well said, Pali, thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
Why?
Leave out the...
Why?
You might want to eat it though.
Why?
Where they got a blue plate specialist month I'm hearing, but do not put the reason why.
The reason being it don't belong there.
That's a good one.
WQA, hello.
Cut, meal.
Yes, sir.
Just a couple of things.
I personally never heard of something called spelt other than used incorrectly.
Smelt, yes.
Fish.
But...
Spelt is a...
That's not what I try calling, but the name that bothered me so many things is the name
Amprene.
Oh, Amprene, yeah.
Oh, you know something, that's another good deal.
We'll do that poll one day next week.
Name is ridiculous names that just bugged the hell out of you right.
Amprene is clearly Anthony, right?
And we already...
We've revisited...
Let's revisit it over and over again.
Yeah, but who are we to tell them with the name?
To tell them...
Those...
People.
People's.
Yeah.
What's Anthony?
Anthony, anybody else?
It's not Anthony.
It's Anthony, okay.
Get the honey, Anthony.
Not Anthony.
Oh, I guess who I was denied that he has never proper visa.
Lawrence Phillips and Mommy says, oh, they're picking on Lawrence Phillips.
I think I'm back to Canada so we can show up for his court appearance.
How many court appearances is Lawrence Phillips Scott this month pending?
About third, man.
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you.
Let's see.
Here's one.
It says, I'd like to add a song to your list.
The remake of Donna Summers, I Feel Love, by the Blue Man Group featuring Venus Homme.
What?
Okay.
The Blue Man Group?
Yeah.
They're performance artists.
They live in Vegas, the performance artist.
Well, there you go.
There's one.
Boy, I'm telling you.
We never got this fact.
They said it yesterday.
They say, but we didn't get it.
So anyway, cause for because.
Cause, yeah.
As in, like, like Afro-Man, cause I was high.
Which, of course, we can't play anymore.
Well, what?
Well, we can play that first one.
Well, what?
Okay, that's all you're ever going to hear of that.
No, Mo.
Patically for particularly.
Patically.
Okay.
Patically.
Oh, it's a good thing we're done with this.
Let's see.
Spellt.
Middle English from Old English from, no, this is not, you're wrong.
That's not it.
I mean, that's another definition.
Cheefly, British past and past, part of some of Spellt.
The British actually say Spellt.
Can you believe that?
A lot of bunch of dodo birds, man.
The British say Spellt.
Yeah, I spelt it wrong.
Oh, God.
How about if you smelt it wrong?
That's smellless.
Good, God.
Those silly brits.
That's where our problem comes from.
That whole pure tanical stuff, you know?
Queen Victoria, all of those other queens.
That's where the American problem were.
We're going backward in time.
Where revisiting our ugly past.
I'm getting to that very jackass thing.
Let me say it again, Barry.
Everybody in the station's got their pants down around her ankles waiting for the big kiss.
Correct them.
Oh, man.
What a job.
WQA, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I've got one.
Listen, the people at what are they all saying you got to do?
All you got.
Yeah, all you got.
And yet I'm going to go get me some.
Yeah, me too.
Maybe a little bit later.
Thanks.
Are we dumb or what?
Absolutely.
Yeah, as dumb as we want to be.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
Right.
I think we ought to start being proud of being dumb.
Why don't we be smart, like Fredo?
To go with Fredo, huh?
Yeah.
He went fishing too many Hail Mary's Fredo, or maybe it was one and two few.
If you would have said one more Hail Mary, the wicked hand of the Virgin Mary would have come just swoop it in there and block them bullets.
Damn it.
Now that I think of it, was there one bullet or more than one bullet?
I think it was just one to the back of the head.
So that's what I thought.
I want to watch it again.
And Michael was pacing inside and looking out the window.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got Barry Jackass.
We got Jim Sarny who wants to join Mark back.
Jim Sarny says, free Joe and Mark.
Oh, he's going, Jim.
I'm starting to like Jim Sarny a little bit because he's not on the payroll.
I mean, we got the newspaper people on the payroll, right?
The other guy likes to play that.
Yeah.
But unfortunately for us, Jim Sarny ain't on the payroll like Barry Jackass.
He's not just a mouthpiece for Greg Reed.
So he actually writes his opinion once in a while.
Nice going, Jim.
Free Joe and Mark.
We'll get to that.
We got Tom Jekyll who has some more comments about Howard the Sternmeister.
In fact, speaking of Howard Stern, he threatened to quit if Bush signs the indecency bill, which passed 391 to 22 in the house yesterday.
And now the Senate's got to finger that out and believe you me, Bush will sign it.
He had a call on the show yesterday from Congressman Gary Ackerman said that Bush would not sign.
And if he'll call Gary, I hate to break the news to you.
He's foaming at the mouth waiting to sign it.
He's got the pen ready right now.
He's got the old, not the ballpoint pen.
He's got that old ink pen.
You know the one that would have the big thing on it?
The ball?
The quill.
Oh, he's got one of those.
That's right.
That's how excited he is getting ready to sign that so they can take it all of us off the air.
That's right.
Hello. Have a nice day and we'll play some nice soothing music.
If that's what they want.
You know, just like, just like Mandage.
No, seriously, because I, it's all about money now.
I'm just, uh, if he wants me to sing God Bless America and face decent a G-string up here, I'll do it.
Amen.
Just sign them checks.
Make sure they clear the bank like the one that showed up on Wednesday and that's it.
Everything's just fine.
You know what I mean?
Or a wear-fi.
Right.
Because you can't fight City Hall.
But if you do want to fight City Hall, you can go to neo-rojers.com and there's a neat thing on there
that Eric put on there from somebody else.
I know who we got there from KCJJ.
Oh, that's that station in Iowa, right?
That's what it is.
Oh, they're free speech-a-thon that went on yesterday and there's a list of, uh, addresses and facts numbers and phone numbers
for people who are pissed off to call.
I forgot what the KCJJ thing was.
Even though I'm the one who discovered it.
But at any rate, too bad they're the only ones doing it.
The rest of America is like, what do I mean?
Like that, rolling over.
Just like all your good Democrats there in a house, even though they're outnumbered.
22 to sending votes on that of Senady Bill.
That's obscene.
That goes to Shoei.
We haven't got a Chinaman's chance.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM Donald Mattris knows nothing is more important than a safety of your family.
Unfortunately, thousands of Americans die of a year in home fires involving macrases.
A common myth is that these are careless cigarette smokers, statistics however reveal that the vast majority of these fires are started by kids playing with matches.
Certain now offers a new line of fire retardant macrases called fire blocker to dramatically slow the spread of fires and give families critical time to escape.
They're also more comfortable, durable and supportive than aversey won't sacrifice comfort for safety.
According to new regulations, all new macrases will be fire retardant within a year until then.
SIRDAY is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard now today.
The automatic risk is the only retailer can deliver a new certifier blocker to you today.
So call that toll free never like I've been doing for years for same day delivery.
It's a piece of cake called 1-800-MATRUS.
Now the macrases got certifier blocker in the traditional double-sided design.
So you get two beds for the price of one with double the protection.
Dial to macrases takes your family safety seriously.
You ought to be doing the same and dial to macrases proud to be among the nation's first retailers to offer this new line of fire blocker macrases.
So just stick your finger in that hole and dial 1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS or check them out online at macrase.com.
I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm local. This is 4-3-0-5-60.
You are
Take to be camping Raymond and such a beautiful night.
I love nature.
Get stripped when you stop.
You're a constipator here.
Trap fillets chop the cream too.
Hi, my name's Philip.
Yes, you're gonna hurting my own taste great fun like many overnight glasses.
Trap fillets chop the cream to choose a stimulant free.
They show natural they work more naturally with your body for comfortable cramp free really.
I'm feeling better this morning.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Comfortable cramp free.
10-30-5-60 WQM.
Now here's one I don't get.
It's as all along the watch tower written by Bob Dylan performed by the Jimmy Henry's experience,
which we know that.
But what's the remake?
Did Bob Dylan sing it for not that I know of?
Well, I'll need to do I.
I don't think this couldn't be one of those cases where they don't understand the question again.
They definitely don't understand the question.
We're not talking about a song that somebody wrote like for example,
Love will keep us together by the captain and Salmilla was written by Danielle Sardaca.
I mean, the fact that he wrote it and of course that's some album he did, you know,
he's saying it himself, but that's they don't get it.
In other words, here's the deal.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song?
See, there's the operative phrase of a hit song.
In other words, the song that was hit the first time and then somebody came along and we done it.
Danielle Sardaca, I'm just using that as an example.
Did he have a hit on Love will keep us together?
No.
Good example.
Good example.
Good answer.
UCF Kennedy says FDFCC to which we say Amen and then he says being in the title of business,
I come across these expressions every day or words, affidavit and as opposed to affidavit.
And Statue of Limitations is opposed to Statute of Limitations.
Those are two excellent ones.
UCF Kennedy, thank you so much.
Betty, Betty, much.
Now here we go.
Here's a couple that actually are legitimate.
I think it's going to take a lot of love.
Nicolette Lars 1979, the original by Neil Young.
Right.
Right.
Until there was you, the Beatles in 1963, the original by the Amchus Homo Fogacanita Bryant in 1959.
Go squeeze those arduous honey.
Till there was you.
Not one of the Beatles best known songs, but you know.
It was all right.
I give it about two and a half.
How many QAM Hello?
Yes.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey Neil.
How you doing?
I will always love you.
I think was originally done by Dolly Park.
We got like five faxes on it.
Really?
Okay.
Well, whomever.
Okay.
And I wanted to add the other thing, my wife does aggravated instead of aggravated.
And aggravated?
Yeah.
Well, slap around a little bit.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
560, 7.
Oh, 560.
Then she'll be aggravated.
Count 560 on again.
I see that's terrible.
Don't be saying stuff like that.
Don't really slap around too much.
Just a little tiny bit.
Give her a tongue lashing.
There you go.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
See, there we go again, John.
WQA and Hello.
Yes, Neil.
I called with Salt Winnie Houston.
I believe Dolly Park and.
Dolly Park.
Dolly Park.
Dolly Park.
I always love you.
I did it first.
Okay.
You've got to come 45 faxes in the sand.
Thanks, Pallee.
Don't do it again.
Okay.
So it is legit.
Dolly Park is saying it first.
And of course, that must have been big.
I've got to play that.
I've got to play a little bit of that locomotion again after the break.
Just a little tiny bit.
I love Kylie Minogue.
I'd like to.
You don't like Kylie Minogue?
That's a joke.
I'd like to love her.
Get her.
I know that, but I mean it's just a, you know, we give that, we give that, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Jesus Christ almighty, man.
Jesus Christ.
I guess I can cancel all my vacations from now on.
Good.
God almighty.
Here we go.
Just a little tiny tape.
See now I'm doing it.
How did that?
Oh, it's right.
Oh, it's right.
Everybody's doing a great dance now.
I know you'll get to like it.
You give it a chance now.
Now you know who else did that.
Casey and a Sunshine band and who else?
Oh, now I've got to look.
Why did I do this today?
This is Friday and I'm making too much work for myself.
Casey and a Sunshine band, remember that?
We used to play that I would be with some, some, some, broad.
Okay, here it is, but it wasn't a hit.
Damn it.
You don't remember that?
Yeah, I do.
I just don't remember the broad.
Wasn't, ah, geez.
And if I look, I'd look, I'd look, I'd most of them won't be in there because it wasn't a hit.
So at any rate, that's another example.
Corkane by Eric Clapton.
Who did the original one?
I don't know.
I'm going to look it up.
Better not be wrong about that rich.
Is that rich factor?
Yeah, it's all in the big fat piece.
Oh, yeah.
There's, there's nobody else listed by Corkane.
I don't know.
I never heard of it by anybody else.
Well, they don't have to fax this again.
See, if you're going to send us a fax, give us the facts.
Okay.
In other words, if it's a remake, then tell us who did it the first or if they did it first and somebody else redone it.
Let us give us the information.
Okay.
For the other reason, it's the Nora.
My baby, my baby, my baby, my baby, my baby, my baby.
It's the Pactor Factor.
It's the Pactor Factor.
I hear he wears lots of max factors.
Come on, come on, come on.
Do the love of the person we date.
You've got to swear your head signs.
Come on, baby.
Just like you do.
You're bad.
So like a...
What's this damn that I made out of paper?
Okay.
I'm feeling you, darling.
Oh, darling, can you lift the tray?
Shake it down.
I'm on the table.
Do the love of the person.
I'm on the table.
What a reason that happened is because you just sent me 75,000 faxes here.
Dolly Parton first thing.
I will always love you.
Okay, okay, okay.
And then Whitney Houston afterward,
Parton admitted that Whitney's version was better.
Spell is a word, past tense of spell.
Yeah, but not an angle, is it?
I mean, American English?
I think that's a joke.
No.
Oh, it's not a joke.
It is the past tense of spell in England.
Says Lloyd.
Ah.
Dolly-ver.
As past you're talking to virus, I don't have time for that stuff now.
Put it in the bottom of my pile.
I've got too many big fish to crack.
I've got a very jackass.
I'll just kisses this all over the place.
Boy, I wonder how much Greg paid him for that.
Wow.
Woo!
Greg and Miami, not Greg Reed, thank goodness,
says M&M's remake of Aerosmith Sing for a Moment.
Okay.
Aerosmith Sing for a Moment.
I'll take your word for it.
But you ever hear, I never heard such a song, did you?
Nope.
You let song?
I either party.
I mean, I know a little bit about Aerosmith.
I don't know what the name of the drummer is,
but I do know a little bit.
What does the name of the song have sing for a Moment?
Yeah.
So you first of all, let's come for a moment.
I think he's talking about Dream on.
Maybe.
Dream on is sing for a Moment.
M&M did Dream on.
Yeah, he did.
He remade Aerosmith song.
Now, what did you just say?
He did.
He kind of trailed off.
Oh, man.
I don't want to say he's not quite sure of his facts,
but nevertheless, sing for a Moment.
What does that mean, sing for a Moment?
What is that?
I suppose it's singing for a long time.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Like that?
Yes.
Okay, so let's put Dream on by M&M.
See what we're doing, if we're okay, we're doing it right.
Putting parentheses, the original one, and whoever.
Or no.
No, we're just putting the name of the song in the evening.
We did the remake.
I don't know the original.
Woo!
Okay, here's an idea for Paul.
A president Bush had a campaign song.
What would it be?
Maybe head games by four-and-er, world pigs by Sabbath.
Living like die in McCartney.
That's cute.
Thank God for the bomb by Ozzy.
That's cute, Jim.
We'll put that in the bottom of my poll.
Poll.
Pile.
I think we cut.
We just got too much going on here all at one time.
Dolly Parton, that year we know.
Why are you factoring me these?
James has something else besides.
They do.
It says, for best little whorehouse in Texas is what she done.
I will always love you.
Want to go for her?
Why was good Carol King's version of you've got a friend out done by the James Taylor version?
Oh, do I hate James Taylor or what?
No!
Now, didn't she write that?
I'm thinking, yeah, because she wrote like a lot.
A lot of stuff.
And anyway, that's good.
James Taylor, you've got a friend.
Who now?
Which one was first?
Look at, I don't know.
Oh, no!
I hate this.
I just got, yeah, I'm so sorry that I did this.
You've got a big fat, let's say you're 16.
You've got me running.
I got the runs.
Jean Couton.
You've got a friend James Taylor, 71.
And Roberta Flack and Donnie Hathaway, 71.
But later on, I guess.
I don't know.
And she says, Carol King, I think maybe Carol King wrote it.
I don't know.
I just, I'm so confused now.
I don't know what to say.
Or I eat your kid of a hand.
Yeah, put him on there if you wanted.
And if not, I'll leave it up to you guys.
Okay, do whatever you want.
Okay, let's see.
Two more for the pull.
MacArthur Park, Donna Summers, the original version of course Richard Harris.
That's a good one.
The Carthor Park by Donna Summers.
Live and let die.
Runs and roses, originally Paul McCartney wins.
Oh, right.
Don and Kurt and Fort Lauderdale, thanks guys.
The Whitney Houston songs we make of Donnie Parton's song she wrote and how about for greatest remakes.
Jimmy Hendricks all along the watchtower.
And Guns and Roses, knocking on Heaven's door, both Dylan's songs.
But were they hits for Bob Dylan?
I guess there's only one way to figure it out, okay?
Yeah, that's look up frickin Bob Dylan.
Okay.
Bob Dylan.
All right, here you go.
Subterranean homesick blues like a Rolling Stone, positively, four-street, rainy day, women one and two.
I just want you just like a woman.
Lady lady, George Jackson, I'm like lady.
George Jackson, knocking on Heaven's door.
Here, but I ones good, knocking on Heaven's door.
Got it. Guns and Roses.
Okay.
Tangled up, not the other one.
Not all long to watch, Darmin.
He may have had an unalbum somewhere.
He may have sang it like an Abar and a Drunken Steuper somewhere, but it would no hit.
1042 at 560, you're confused, station, and believe me, we're correct when we say that.
Q-A-M.
Five and the local of the empty is 560.
The radio's all yours.
Q-A-M.
Will he wear a TV in top to dim russets?
Fans that he's gonna get into the race.
John Kerry's crying.
George's love that you smile in.
A Ralph Vader keeps getting right up in their face.
A Ralph Vader keeps on running.
Democratic Party is really bumming again.
A Ralph Vader keeps on running.
G-O-P can see the victory coming.
A Ralph Vader keeps on spoiling.
Democratic Club is gonna keep on boiling again.
A-A-He's gonna spoil it all right.
He's gonna make everyone rap.
A-He's gonna make everyone uptight.
Well, he can't get elected, but the outcomes are back to Trump.
A-A-W-A-W.
A-W-A-W-A-W.
1047 at 560 W.C.
Barry Jak asked the mouthpiece for WQM in Gregg Read.
I think it's Gregg Read's illegitimate son.
writes in a hero today, one station walks on air.
It has been a thoroughly uneventful even days at the WQM Zoo.
unless of course you count Hank Goldberg's hiatus, the parking lot incident that led to it,
floor firings, rumors of a Howard Stern pursuit, and a scandal involving pictures of WQM host
Mark Eisenberg and Joe Castello with naked women popping up on the internet. But you know what?
No matter what controversy and misfortune befalls WQM, Fox Sports Radio 940 never capitalizes.
And even though local businessman Carl Fosterman says he's close to finalizing a deal with the
SPN radio to bring a third-all sports station to the Miami-Fore Lauderdale market, keep this in mind.
Nobody has legitimately challenged WQM yet, and I'm beginning to think it's never going to
happen despite the nuttiness that goes on there. All WQM has had challenges, but they've been
half-hearted at best. First there was Tony Ketra Kalata Yudze, ill-fated and ill-financed 17-ever
defan, which could not or writes any of the local teams and switched to Spanish religious programming.
Then WRFX 940 came along, but parent company Clear Channel's only local pro team,
the heat was so unimpressed, and insisted its games are on sister station WIOD,
which otherwise doesn't carry sports. WRFX is a talk to good game, but don't be fooled,
its priority is making money. That explains the cheap syndicated lineup that features only two
hours a day hosted by an actual employee Jorge Sedano, like his supermarkets though.
Your preoccupation with the bottom line is why WRFX sold its morning show to foster until January,
and our simulcats Dan Saleo show for out of Orlando during that day part.
Justice Sedano was beginning to develop a following. WRFX sold its valuable 3-6 p.m.
block to the highest bidder, Zeta personality Greg Lamega, and former WRFX morning co-host John
Weiner, Stu Gotts. They begin Monday and will face long odds in drawing listos from Jim
and Gullberg who returned to the year on Tuesday. Stu Gotts. Nothing against Lamega and Weiner,
but it's difficult to take all sports stations seriously when it doesn't even use its own
employees for the key afternoon drive time. Sedano was good enough to be hired by Fox Sports
Radio for a weekly national show, but apparently did not bad enough by his bosses to get the 3-6
lot of 940 instead he's been relegated to the 6-8 p.m. slot, which is difficult to understand.
WRFX could have made a splash by having former dolphin linebacker Brian Cox
who impressed his a rookie studio analyst on ESPN 2 last season and has expressed interest
in doing a talk show locally, or WRFX could have made a run at WQM's Orlando El Zagiri,
the big who's opinionated and well prepared, but those options would have been costly.
Since it's not my checkbook I can't play in Chief Channel for waiting to make a book,
but don't let WRFX folks suggest there was serious challenge in the WQM rights very.
Until they acquire rights to a local team, Hiran announced it with any real name recognition,
and stopped selling airtime to people off the street. They're not going to make much of a den.
People off the street, don't you love that? Oh yeah. Wow, that pours through guts.
In the most recent ratings book WQM ranked 17th among all this new 6th amdment that was a 2.6
year very embarrassing, and WRFX was tied for 31st with a 0.5 that's an 0.5 in the coveted mail
2554 demographic. WQM was third with a 4.8 while WRFX was 25th with a 0.8.
In the meantime, Foster said yesterday he's finalized contract with investors who
need to try to identify as well as ESPN radio to create a third all sports station in the market,
but it won't be definite till Foster's flexibility with local station perhaps Raxi 790,
which I thought that happened like weeks ago.
The station would carry a mix of local and ESPN radio program including Dan Patrick's 1-4 PM show.
Oh God, how can we handle that?
All the while WQM general manager Greg Reed can sit back and laugh
as he mulls a run at Stern's morning show.
Is he mulling a run at Stern's? No. No matter what happens at this station,
the Scott Ferell disaster, the pictures on the Internet scandal WQM remains the market's 800
pounds sports gorilla with big name hosts, three of the markets pro teams in the University of Miami.
Try as it might WQM can't mess up. Oh right. In fact, I think Greg wrote this.
I don't think very wrote any of this.
It says WQM will use sporting news radio programming to replace
Eisenberg and Castella who are fired Wednesday after Internet photos of them posing fully
clothed would naked adult entertainers in QM Studio last September came to light.
I think Reed wrote that crap, don't you? I don't think very even writes a stink in word.
Very just sitting there eating his baloney sandwich that mama brown bag for me
yesterday morning and Greg's sitting there tapping it out on the computer.
Now, Johnny at the Sun's scandal however was not on a QM payroll,
doesn't work for beastly broadcasting and luckily for him holds no beastly stock.
In an article that's mostly about Jigs MacDonald is going to do the St. Patrick's Day Panther
game on TV and the rumor will do the radio because they're going to have the panthers against
the islanders. The team that jigs broadcast for 75 years.
So they're going to like kind of have farewell because Jigs is retiring after the season
and so Jim Sarni kisses Jigs ass in here.
He's one of the greats.
Yeah, right.
Sure.
Daughtering old fool.
But anyway, later in the article he says,
free Jill and Mark says Jim Sarni puts Jill and Mark back on the air.
Castella, Eisenberg are young and hip broadcasters and they're firing by WQM over
old Internet photos was just plain stupid.
Absolutely.
How do you like that?
That's what Jim Sarni says Greg.
He says you're just plain.
Absolutely.
Stupid.
And of course, the difference in these
theoretical being that Greg didn't write the one in the Sun sent.
As opposed to the one that appears by his mouthpiece in a hero.
That's mouthpiece with an F.
Now we got faxes up the old shoot on this Jill and Mark situation, which is good
because there's a possibility what I'm hearing is that there may be a revisiting of that
situation and they're really out of it.
Because like Jim Sarni says, it was stupid.
It was childish and embarrassing.
I mean, that's the way you operate in big and major market radio.
That's somebody farts and right away you go into a total panic.
Seems to me that sounds like the beastly effing way to me.
Join WQM and the big...
Today, in fact, you can ask him, are you going over there to Fox and he'll just laugh?
Join today 5-7 of the spread PCS wireless store at 8743,
Southwest 136th Street in the Prado Shopping Center that's owned by Edgar Prado.
Right off US one across from the falls, big O, the big...
We'll have Honda Golf Classic passes, Panthe tickets and free sandwiches, courtesy of Atlantic
City subs and our good friend Ira who be the best.
And join George tomorrow, the Samuichigai, and noona to at any Akardi Dodge at 2300 North
Federal Highway in Pompe, no beats. I get you, the different crowd are going to be there.
A mile south Atlantic Boulevard just passed the Voter Rama.
George will have prizes of questionable value and of course free sandwiches courtesy of
Atlantic City subs. So join us, how much a guy and his dogs Josh and Scott for food fun
and high jinks tomorrow. Josh and the no-Scott. Well like I said, there's more reason to come out.
No-Scott. And Akardi Dodge on Federal Highway in beautiful Pompe,
no beats. George will take care of the Akardi and you bring the...
Akardi. 5-6-7-0-5-60, how we got all the... how we're going to get this into four hours?
My God, we got a heavy fight. Plus we still can't figure out this pool yet.
Need the cops. What do you think was the best remake of a hit song? I will always love you when
the Houston 8. Blinded by the blight, manford man 7. All along the watchtower, which I thought we
weren't putting on there, but we did 7. Jimmy Hendrix. What just happened here? All along the watchtower
just shot up to 12. Knocked on Heaven's door, Guns and Roses 7. If Tillor was you, the Beatles 6,
you better friend, the anxious obnoxious James Taylor 6. Sea of Love by the Honeydrippers 4,
the Carthorne Park by the end of summer 4, and everything else to just dribble in so far.
Just a dribble.
See that song, I mean, a little eve, whichever version you like, the best and grand funk was great.
Two, that song is one of the great songs of all time. No matter which version you like,
I think all three are just fine. As Eli Wallach said, the magnificent seven writes are a
fact for a friend Ray. If God didn't want them sure and he would not have made them sheep.
If one tries to cook a frog, one doesn't drop it into boiling water, it'll jump right out.
Slowly race up the heat and realize they won't realize till it's go too late. This is the new
doing of America. Why ask Ray? And then he says, and I would got to check this thing out. How the
that's the American way. I don't know. What do you think? I think I need to be read.
I'm more tired of thinking about it. No, not redone. It says checkout. We are radio.com. I'm
betting you will like it. Okay, thanks Ray. Donnie Parton, original song. I will always love you.
Oh, it was a Donnie Parton. I think it was Donnie Parton. My nomination, The Beatles Twist and
Shell. What I said, I went to Twist and Shell by the what you call the Isle Brothers.
Now I will say this. The Isle Brothers should I mean, is there any question in which is the better version?
Yeah, there's a question. There is in whose mind? You think the Beatles version is in the same
league with the Isle Brothers Twist and Shell? Mr. too similar for me to care. You have to be
dreaming. You have to be doing heavy, heavy, heavy, do the medication. Well, that may be
will must stop by this morning to drop off a good supply. But anyway, no, that's a good one. We got
that on there. The Beatles Twist and Shell. This is going to be a real workout. 10.57 at 5.60.
Q. Now what do we got on the line up today? The man dog at two. Let's hear it.
Oh, right dog is on. He's everything is safe. The Humper is on the Hebrew hammer. That's
enough. We got at seven o'clock. The Rutgers Scarlet Knights at Miami-Hurkhooons baseball seven
o'clock tonight. And at 11 o'clock, it's Eddie K. from Las Vegas. Four hours for her came
baseball. I forgot how long and pondered with those games. Our sporting news radio, we say,
would much this may overnight. And Motorsports Saturday, tomorrow, eight to nine. Who's the host
going to be? Oh, Josh. Josh Darrow. No, Josh Cortes. Are you doing that show? Yeah, why not? Sure,
why not? And to be on the one floor. We're sports, we're Neil five sixty. You A.M.
Holy Makinah. This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening
to the hockey authority, Neil God. Jesus Christ.
Who is God? Oh. Are you a bell? Kitson, Sandy, one.
Bill Kitson used to be the star of lethal weapons. Now he's making movies about the Crucifixion.
People in the theaters are bound to ask. It was okay, but once he left, stood as mad Max.
Jesus Christ. No, these are wrecked trees and the Pope can't even hear for some.
Jesus Christ. Take a look. Don't see the film till you read the book. Jesus Christ. On the screen.
Where there was no heart to see. Jesus Christ.
T.A.T. Finally got your name in variety. Jesus Christ. Love is not.
Are you a bell? Kitson, Sandy, one.
1102 at 560 W.I. don't think they understand this question. I thought it was.
Oh, novel. I thought it was pretty Jesus Christ straightforward.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song? I mean the song was a big hit then years later, months later, 50 years later,
whenever somebody came along and we did it. I'll do a good job. I'll tell you what they hear.
What's that? How many songs can you name?
Well, but third man.
Feeling alright to joke, cocker version, but you see when you fix this in and you save the joke, cocker version as opposed to like the alpha cocker version,
there is no other version. Who else did that? I just looked it up in a book. There's nothing in my goldboard book and that's good enough for me.
So I'm Schmidt, can and that. Now, Beatles got to get you into my life. Earth, wind and fire, the remake.
Okay. You got that? Got it. Okay. Here's somebody's got a pair. First big yellow taxi counting crows. Got it. Got it.
And Mrs. Robinson, the lemon heads. Well, thank God it wasn't the lemon piper's anyway. The lemon heads. Mrs. Robinson.
Okay. Oh, well, what is this? Somebody now they're faxing them off some of the website on the internet. Okay. That's bad.
Well, let's see. JJ Kale did the cocaine and then they were clamped in. Okay. We'll believe you. Also love poison number nine was hit three times. What? What does that mean?
Love potion. Love potion number nine. It says you love poison. Love potion number nine. Well, I know that. So what does that mean? What is that?
They're not even coming anywhere near answering the question. Well, that's your friend. Rich. Slim rich. Proud Mary. I can see an eternal credence. They're what a revival course. And I wish was the original on here.
There is credence. That's what I'm thinking. Oh, I know, I know that for a fact. Okay. But no, but I'm just looking at this list. It's all like last kiss. Progen. That's what we got to put on there.
Last kiss. Progen. J Frank Wilson to the original moment. Most depressing songs ever. Don't we have that the Gary Condit one? What does that called?
Gary's last kiss. Huh? Something like that. One moment, please. Yeah, there it is. Yeah. By the way, how Sean we're doing?
Oh, last kiss. Pro Jam is the group we want to put on there. Remake. Proud Mary. I continue to turn turn the beat around. Very a step on Vicky. Surabans into the original. Lou Bayou. Linda Ronstadt. Love Linda Ronstadt. Man, she's great. Lou Bayou originally by Roy De Bois, which I got that somewhere here. I guess what else I got?
I don't have questions shot by the eyes of the brothers. In fact, I'm almost tempted to go and run over to record store somewhere and buy it. I'm so pissed off about your protest comment.
The Beatles in that song, they're like spinning to the old song. Eyesly brothers are absolutely outstanding. And you better not to mess with them. I like the eyes of the brothers. Fine. Well, that's good. My way Elvis Presley, of course, originally by Frank Sinatra who couldn't sing a note. I like that pistols version better.
Greatest love of all Whitney Houston George Benson, the original. He's dead. And let's stay together. Tina Turner, the original by Al Green, who's also I should point out very dead. Remember when Al Green died? No. Okay. How about when Bob Green died?
Absolute number one we make. Oh, this is good. David copies on a roll now. Posey, Feliciano, light my fire. It was fabulous. I got the doors over here somewhere. In fact, we might play him. Doesn't have to one. It's about seven and a half minutes long. Sure. Good. No doubts. We make of it's my life by talk, talk. Okay. Got it. No doubt. Yeah. No doubt. He's got it. We're leading us all in the fine hands of Josh who's preparing for his golf show tomorrow. His racing show.
And his now sure signs by Tesla. Signs dead. Remember the original signs? Sure. Five. Right. Five man electrical bands.
All right. We got a parody of just about everything in the best part of it is some of them we actually still play. How many? That's how we can still play Woodstock, Joni Mitchell, originally, crossbees stills a Nash. Now who did it first? Are you sure?
About Woodstock? Yeah. No, I'm not sure. Well, I better look it up. But I think it was them. Them CSNY. By the way, how's David Crosby doing? Has he recovered? Woodstock? Wonder wall? Woodstock? CSNY were first. Now wait a minute. Joni Mitchell is not even listed here. Matthew Southern comfort a year later. You ready for that? That was a top 30 hit. A top 30 hit.
So, I don't know. I guess we can put that on a Woodstock by CSNY because that's the last one. You got that? What? What if you want to do it? I mean, this is all for fun. Anyway, we don't have some pain in the ass people. Oh, when you got it wrong, you are too bad. Suas. Here's our good friend, Jerry and Pony the spring. So I'd like to suggest love hurts is the best remake of a song. It originally be courted by the Everly brothers. I sure like the Everly brothers a lot and not necessarily just their music.
It was written by Felicia and Bordeaux Bryant who also wrote by by love and wake up little Suzy. She actually recorded it first and then them and the others. But it's good. They got great hit on cadence records. You know, who else was on cadence records? No. Andy Caldwell Williams. Oh, Andy, my favorite. The remake I like was by Nazareth Lovehurts. Share recorded the per her version of sucked. It says Bob Dylan did record all on a watch star and 68 an acoustic version. Hendrix electrified it in 16. I'm welcome. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I
have a lot of things on there and it's winning hands down with already 23 votes. Thanks, Jerry. You says, I guess I don't have to mention. Well, what song is he talking about with Deli Spartan? Just a joke. 56550560.
on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song, huh?
And I still say that some of these are pretty borderline,
if Madonna will pardon that expression, because some of the ones were not really hits.
But because of the Longer Watch, they want that because it's Jimmy Hendrix and they're all smoking a big fat one right now.
And they're having a good time with it, so why should we pee on air parade, okay?
Esferrell would say.
No, that's not the one. I don't have the water pipe.
Water pipes.
WQA, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got one free poll this morning.
Okay.
How about seven cross, cross beast, those in ash and cover by Jimmy Buffett?
Cover by Jimmy Buffett, okay?
Thank you, sir.
Have a great weekend.
You got it?
What was the name of the song?
We got it.
Seven cross, like the one we're going to burn on your front lawn if you don't cut it out.
I think I'm going to unplug the facts machine today.
Why is that?
We're getting 10 page facts for the definition of spelt,
what the words as big as your head and 10 spaces in between.
And it's something to cross.
Cross beast, those in ash, you got it?
Now which one was he saying?
Spelt.
That's what the S stands for in CSNY.
Cross beast, spelt, and ash.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
And make sure when you put it on there, Josh, it's spelt right.
Yes, sir.
I think the original version of cocaine was by JJ Kale.
Right.
So, you already got that one?
Yeah. In fact, that's what Dom Delewies was eating on that diet in Fato.
He was eating kale.
Yeah, okay.
Kale and chicken.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Lasagna for you?
Kale and chicken for me.
Remember that?
Yeah.
What is that?
It's like seaweed or something.
I can't stop the fact.
Get the honey tune, yeah.
What a great movie.
Another one of those unsung movies.
And a lot of people have stupid people.
Like your friend Miguel, he wouldn't get it.
He's never been fat.
He doesn't understand anything about fat.
Or nobody.
He wouldn't get.
He just wouldn't understand it.
But you, on the other hand, who've had all your friends die fat.
And even though you don't believe me, I was well on my way with stretch marks bursting out of my clothes until I...
Cut the crap.
I've got stretch marks that actually they can make a roadmap out of.
Yeah.
Guaranteed.
I look like a purple zebra than my stretch marks.
In fact, that reaches got stretch marks from what I'm hearing that are larger than some communities in North Dakota.
Smuggled Mexicans in them.
Right.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Friday.
And back to you.
Thank you.
I think I got one for your poll that will work.
Okay.
The original version was definitely a hit.
So it's the remake.
And the song and the artist were definitely annoying.
The cover was kind of a slap in the face, which was faked by George Michael.
It's re-done by Lynn Piscott.
Faith?
Yeah.
Faith?
Faith.
Faith.
Okay, Palli.
I'll be good weekend.
And back to you.
Faith.
Not faith.
Faith.
As in, faith.
Done away.
Faith.
No, not faith.
Faith.
Look it up.
Faith.
Okay.
Faith, what am I saying?
Faith.
Faith.
No, not faith.
Okay.
Faith is F-E-T-E.
Faith.
By George Michael.
Who's the remake?
Let this get your favorite.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I'm sure not having one of them would lunch.
I guarantee you that.
They make me want to bark.
Anyway, 12 minutes after 11, I'm, of course, Fred Durst, the worst.
Oh, speaking of that, speaking of lunch, what a good segue.
How about some low-carb biscuits?
How's that sound?
Some lumped biscuits.
Or anything else with low-carbs and no sugar.
Join the thousands of South Floridians who really have caught on to a great store
that's perfect for your low-carb or low-sugar diet.
The lights of West Boka, the number one low-carb store on the universe.
And for good reason, because they've got over 1,000 low-carb products in stock and is one great store.
Including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies for all you brownie hounds, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and lots more.
They offer the water solution.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You can try anything in the store before your bite, which is kind of a nice touch, instead of buying a whole bunch of stuff,
taking it home and discovering you don't like it or it just has a certain effect.
And they have a stat that knows dieting inside and not they've got the most complete line of Atkins brand products anywhere at the lights
and the Atkins products are on sale.
Today, a week from Shivuwa's all day every day.
So if you want any of those low-carb diets, here's the place to do a lot of shopping.
Stock up at the lights of West Boka there on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 and Bokenech to Boston Market.
You can call them Torfrey 1-877 Low-Carb-L-O-W-C-A-R-B or on the web at slowcarb.com.
There's only 1D lights of West Boka and it's your official Atkins retail center.
Atkins retail center.
This is SportsWedule 516.
You way up.
The Thumbnail Lucky.
Thank you.
Never watched his hair or seem to have a car, Kobe.
His name was Kurt.
Now he's pushing up dirt.
Kobe.
Wiping drew from his chin.
Doing heroin.
Kobe.
Nirvana was hot.
And now it's Kurt.
They ain't got Kobe.
He got high, said good-bye, then he died.
Kobe.
Made a million an hour, never took a shower.
Kobe.
He's a number one hit in heaven.
Big Mach Pit.
Kobe.
He'll meet Elvis the King and say grunge with my thing.
Kobe.
So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's way out.
Kobe.
He got high, said good-bye, then he died.
Kobe.
Yeah, I think so.
1118 at 560 WQM.
You really got made by the Kinks and three done by Van Halen.
There is no better remakes as Peter.
Well, I don't have to agree with him.
At least he understands what the pole is all about.
Sure, he doesn't.
We're going to put it right on there, but never the less.
You really got made by Van Halen.
I don't care for Van Halen, but then again you don't either.
Don't know, here's the facts that just like me.
I'll just let you boggles my mind, okay?
Okay.
I got a lot of, don't let me, because before you know it,
it's going to be one o'clock and I'm going to, all this stuff I want to talk about here today.
About Joe and Mark, all these facts as we gotten about Howard Spurman, about the FCC,
and about the Janet Jackson, almost live.
It's going to be on ABC's Good Morning America later this month,
but it will not be seen live.
It'll be a five-second video and audio delay.
I hope they trust her anymore.
Yeah, just because one little flap.
She's our hero.
Joanie Mitchell says this facts.
Here wrote the song Woodstock for CSNY.
He had the hots for David Krosby at the time, which indicates she needs serious help.
And then the other part of this fact, though, I don't get.
Don't leave me this way, which I remember the song very vividly,
but Harold Melvin in a blue note's 1975,
Thalma Houston 1977, the Communist art's 86 written by Gilbert and Huff.
So what's the point?
What's their choice?
Right.
In other words, that's a list, like you said.
How many remakes can you...
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song?
Not how many songs have been remade the most times.
Not how many can you list on a facts, but get with it.
Good, God.
Man, am I sorry I did this.
All along the watch, Jimmy Hendrix 35, even though I...
Well, I guess it qualifies, but not really.
Knock it on Heaven's door, Guns n' Roses 17.
I will always love you, Whitney Houston 13.
I'm trying to find that Whitney Houston nothing.
What the disc is that on?
What number?
Which, oh, almost...
Don't my songs also on the same.
What just tell me the number of the disc?
I'll have to get it.
I'll find it.
I got a whole drawer full of that ACN crap.
A.
Yeah.
C of love, the Honeydripper is 10, which...
I mean, that song didn't need to be remade.
Originally by Phil Phillips.
Right.
Blinded by the light, man for the man 10.
You got a friend James Taylor.
Eight, 438.
438.
438.
What does that mean?
That's what the Whitney song is.
438 or this four?
Yes.
I thought you meant this 438.
What a maniac.
This is a lot of them.
Till there was you in the Beatles 8.
Locomotion Grand Funk 8.
MacArthur Park down to Summer 7.
Locomotion by Kylie Minogue, which I love.
Six.
I can't even tell you which one I like the best.
Did nobody fax her call us about the KC and the Sunshine Band and whoever that brought
was a joke.
Locomotion.
Damn it.
Fremont M&M4.
Southern Cross Jimmy Buffett 4.
It's going to take a lot of love.
Nicolette Larson.
Three.
I feel love Blue Man Group 3.
Twist and shout the Beatles 3.
It's my life.
No doubt 3.
Cocaine Eric Lackton 3.
Mrs. Robinson by the Lemon Heads 2.
Big Yellow Taxi.
Counting Cros 2.
Proud Mary I continue to turn her 1.
Turn to beat around Gloria Estefan at Bitch 1.
Gotta get you into my life Earth Wind and Fire 1.
And signs by Teste's attesta.
Has won.
Telsa.
What is it?
Tesla.
It says right on here.
I'm just quote what Josh wrote on here.
Testa.
Mark Teste says on here.
Mark Telsa.
What are we talking about him this morning?
Yeah.
Now last kiss Pearl Jam, light my fire Jose Feliciano.
Blue by you, Linda Ronstad.
Greatest love of all without the T.
The first of the second T.
Is God the Nun.
Let's stay together, Tina Turner Nun.
Faith, Limp biscuit Nun.
Love Hurts, Nazareth Nun.
And you really got me by Van Halen.
Nun out of 169.
But we just get this thing going by the end of the show.
We should have 1000.
About 30,000.
About 30,000.
There are different songs on there for you to prove it over the weekend.
Keep you out of trouble.
Keep your ugly ass off the streets.
Here's another one.
I fought the law of the Bobby Fuller 4.
We made by the clash.
That's a good song.
Yes it is.
We used to play the Panther games when Paul Laws were getting the fight.
And they played the background.
I fought the law on everybody.
Aaaaah!
Like that.
How you doing Paul?
Paul Laws, who I believe before he retired last year with the last of the original Panteros.
I believe I'm not sure.
Panthers don't see them no more.
We made by the clash.
You got it, the clash.
Guys.
You got it.
Okay.
Very good.
Very good.
Go over there right now.
I heard that the lead singer of that group is just a little guy.
Kind of funny looking.
Skin.
Here's the fact that it says, I never thought I would say this, but I am.
I left this country for work in I denied lived in Asia in Europe.
It was great, but came back last year and how times have changed.
This administration is evil.
Absolutely.
And are eroding our rights with their religious right wing agenda as well.
There's slow merging of church and state.
Getting bush out is the answer, but I don't think Karen Democrats are going to be more important.
I think they're going to be much better.
Just look at the vote in Congress.
Only a select minority members voted against it.
Very scary.
So with that, I started a process of selling properties and assets going to South America.
I never thought I would do this, but it's not the same country we should all be scared.
1984's arrived.
Grab your passport.
Squeeze it tight.
Good luck to us all.
Amen.
So I can say, good amen.
Good luck to us.
Go to someplace safe like Caracas or Bogota.
Let's see.
I'm sure.
Saraias is city.
Tony and the bunions.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
All right.
That's cute.
Hey, you never know how do we know?
We supposed to know them very half-assed group ball group.
We ought to.
It wants to be funny like we guys said.
It's the facts.
The facts are just pouring.
Brian says a couple more for the list.
Run DMC's cover of Walk This Way by AeroSmith would change music when it created the rap rock genre.
Fusion.
Yes.
Walk this way.
How about ball of confusion?
There you go.
Okay.
So walk this way.
Run DMC.
Got it.
We got it.
Van Halens cover.
Have you really got me by the way we just put on there?
Even if you don't like him, Lenny Kravitz cover of American Woman.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
American Woman by Steppenwolf.
What's up, Ellen?
Brian.
Brian.
I know I'm going very fast here and it's easy for me to get confused in the middle of these 8,000 facts and 45,000 song titles and artisks.
But American Woman by Steppenwolf to me.
That sounds sacrilegious to me.
Absolutely correct.
Stay on you.
Oh, where is this?
Under CD.
Where's the grunt?
Oh, this is the bizzara's version I've ever heard ever.
It's that.
It's on the greatest hip that I was in the studio.
American Woman by Steppenwolf.
What the hell is this?
Stay away from me.
Is that Burton Cummings?
Yeah.
Indraged, the guest.
The guest.
And we're Ultimate Collection sampling.
We just got through playing a little bit of guest who yesterday you think Brian, if you'd have been listening, which you certainly should have because I don't know to say pass for you for yesterday show.
The guest who, not Steppenwolf, but nevertheless.
It's okay.
So put whatever ones you want from there on it.
Okay.
Got it.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Let me just slip in one of these because we got a bunch of them.
It says the whole Jillian marketing makes no freaking sense whatsoever.
If somebody is looking at nude pictures on a work computer, shouldn't they be the one disciplined?
If anyone is, regardless of the source of the photos.
When the whole Howard Stern Clear Channel thing blew up a few days ago was mentioned that Stern is on a Beasley Channel in Naples.
Okay. Has anybody ever seen Stern's E-TV show?
I talked about that yesterday.
He has naked adult entertainers in his studio all the time and broadcast censored pictures of it nationwide.
So apparently the Beasley Bull Crappers aren't generally offended by their own personalities appearing in published photos with naked chicks, at least they get huge ratings.
Further, photos are not.
Greg Reed knew this was exactly the type of show that you were marked for doing back then.
And in my knowledge, never tried to discourage it at the time.
Indeed, as you point out, it was at about the same time he heard Scott Farrell to bring the same type of antics to Morning Drive Time and jeopardize the license.
I mean, this whole thing stinks and wreaks of scapegoating very conveniently occurring while there is in decency which hunt going on in the radio industry PS.
And here comes the most important and accurate line of this fact.
You guys sure have some miserable bitches working in that building.
Oh, and he doesn't say bitches. He uses a word that begins with C.
Why in local?
We're sports radio 560.
She's UAM.
I'm a man, nobody in my name.
But now I can be star.
Tires of fate.
I can make our hair so big.
A building.
Taking your chances.
All I do is scream like I'm in fun.
Don't my stov's all sound the same.
Absolutely.
I can't believe that he falls down in.
My agent told me not to change.
Oh, thing.
So I guess I'll keep on it yelling.
Don't my stov's all sound the same.
The barely not just like the best ones.
My dreams are high and makes the dust go numb.
Don't my stov's all sound the same.
Yes.
Yes.
My songs are sound the same.
Speaking of Whitney, she reminds me of Whitney's mom, Dr. Eve, on passions.
But nevertheless, 1133, in fact, I see some similarities there.
I think that TC could easily be another Bobby Brown.
But what do you know?
Why's this got a temporary?
You know, it just flies off the handle every now and then.
Yeah.
566705, see you're missing a lot.
You don't believe me.
You're missing a lot.
By what?
By not watching passions.
Oh, that's okay.
Well, I'm right on top of it.
56670560, pound 560 on a 18 and T in Verizon line.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit so long?
All along the watch tower, which really doesn't even qualify the way I look at this.
But nevertheless, well, humor you.
Jimmy Hendrix, 47, leading the pack by a million miles.
Knock it on Heaven's door.
Guns and roses, 20.
The Howard Stern Sager continues says Radio Industry News, FMQB.
Although, in fin of the year saying they'll stand by their man,
Stern is threatening to quit any way of President Bush's new indecency legislation into law.
And yesterday's show, Congressman Gary Ackerman called into discuss the bill
in a sure-stir in that the president would not sign it, which is bullcrap.
Ackerman said the vote on the bill was happening yesterday,
and it passed the House by the way, 391 to 22, the indecency bill,
which among other things increases the fine to half a million dollars.
I say, why not make it a billion?
Huh?
Sure, why not?
Let's not pussy foot around.
Let's make it $10 billion per incident.
A good billion.
Right.
Stern replied by saying that if Bush signs the bill he'll resign as soon as it becomes law,
and fact he went as far to say that he's so tired of getting censored every morning that he may resign anyway,
even if the bill isn't signed by Bush, Stern laminated that he just wants to do comedy his way
and that Radio has become too much of a battle.
Why, he could be saying that just out of anger and frustration, Stern reiterated that FCC sources have told him
that Chairman Michael Powell wants him off the air,
whether it be now or after the next presidential election,
and he dared Powell to wish it was indecency fines now instead of waiting to elected the election.
He also made the point that he believes his suspension by Chief Channel
was directly related to him denouncing President Bush to past few months,
rather than specific incidents of indecency.
While infinity is insisting that Stern won't be gone anytime soon, at least from their stations,
he said on the year yesterday, he hasn't ruled out the idea of going to satellite radio.
However, he feels that satellite companies aren't prepared to quickly manufacture the number of radio
that will be needed to accommodate all of his fans that will want to buy them,
foodie decided to make that move.
Stern believes that only about 50,000 receivers are ready to go,
and the man could be up to five million, and they don't have the technology to roll them out fast enough.
However, an infinity source told radio business report the satellite move won't happen.
He's not going to satellite, said the source, first of all, he's a can't.
He's under contract with us two more years, so it's not even an issue we're going to defend him,
and they keep saying that every day.
Until those drug addicts find Stern ruling in, an infinity is very dependent.
Well, they always haven't been passed.
Here's the story of a lovely lady.
The House overwhelmingly passed legislation yesterday, substantially increasing the maximum fine for radio and TV indecency.
The vote was 391 to 22.
Similar legislation is pending in the Senate.
I'm tired of hearing parents tell me how they have to cover their children's ears,
representative Joseph Pitt, Republican of Pennsylvania, said during a debate on the measure.
Today we're saying enough is enough, ganoug.
The bill will raise the maximum fine for a broadcast license holder from 275 to a half a million dollars.
The fine for a performer will jump from 11,000 to a half a million.
The measure picked up momentum after the now infamous February for a super bowl half time show during which singer Justin Tinkerbell exposed Janet Jackson's breast to 90 million viewers.
Representative Bobby Rush, Democrat of Illinois, said the bill will give the Federal Communications Commission the ammunition it needs
to enforce indecency standards and the Bush administration strongly endorsed the bill in a memo to lawmakers yesterday.
So anybody has turned howard or anybody else that the president ain't going to sign whatever bill they come up with.
He's full of crap is the best I can say.
Unbelivable.
Okay, let's get back to business.
I don't want to get too depressed with all that stuff, all these things.
Huh, not a big wine dip.
Steffan will.
Born to be vile.
Maybe they just heard that ad we were running promoting them.
Now you're stepping on our boy. I would never step on the wall.
He's just humming anyway.
America woman gonna miss your mind.
America woman she gonna miss your mind.
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm getting to the end, bitch. I got it.
America woman gonna miss your mind.
I wouldn't queue to double red.
Well, too bad.
Mister, let it go all the way to the ground.
That's the best part.
Okay, 22 till noon.
I always like that Steffan will fill out.
So in Mark, we're the second besting on the station says Tyler Bobo, whatever his name is.
And their Saturday afternoon show was gaining an audience.
I think Saturday afternoon show.
Yeah, you know that Saturday afternoon show.
What Saturday afternoon show?
The end of Joe head is a motor racing.
Whatever that is.
I'm sure that's what they mean.
Anyway, it says WQM blows as I know Joe Mark will be better because of this move elsewhere.
He says F Janet F the FCC and F QAM.
Love the dirty voices.
Also for our poor yesterday, somebody's picking on the Humper.
The Hebrew hammer.
I said Hank and Mo can't say the word dolphins.
They both say dolphins with no Ellen.
It really pisses off Oliver and Orlando.
They say dolphins.
I think it's a New York thing.
Don't you have the dolphins?
Boston.
Very I know how I said WQM.
Hello.
Not there.
Lion one again.
Lion one's got a real major problem.
WQM.
Hello.
Yeah, I have a great one for you.
Okay.
You want here?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
It's a five merry.
Creed and clear water and peanut dinner.
Yeah.
I'm just looking up on the poll to see how many votes got.
Four votes, thanks.
Five, six, seven, oh five.
Well, some of these people aren't at their computer.
They don't have a computer.
They don't have the ability to go into a store right now and do a best buyer somewhere in steel one.
And so as a result, they don't, you know, they have maybe been listening the whole time.
But if you think I'm going to go down this list of 7,000 every few minutes,
well, we'll get back to it eventually.
Ray says, man, this is right.
That station stands for nothing.
Bring back the dirty boys and crew says Ray as in right now.
And Jim Sarni says shame on Q.A.M.
And look up.
This is sports radio by city.
Q.A.M.
The station stands for nothing.
This station presents real.
American hero.
Today we salute you, Mr. Backdoor Spoken Break Guy.
Mr. Backdoor Spoken Break Guy.
And there's lots of hard work to be done.
Where can you be found out back by the loading dock near the dumpster giving your lazy butt another butt break?
Well, don't you, my girl.
That's right, Mr. Backdoor Spoken Break Guy.
Spoken with you, got him, and you've always got him.
And you're always smoking him.
Snow, rain, freezing cold or smeltering hot.
It doesn't matter to you.
You are out there every 10 minutes taking a 9 minute break.
Where do you get anywhere to get?
So the next time you're at the service counter, I'm able to get any service because no one's at the counter.
Walk around back, flick your lighter, and raise it into loop two.
Mr. Backdoor Spoken Break Guy.
A real American hero.
That door's smoking break guy.
Hey, dude, can I bump on?
Cool.
I mean Winston.
16-till-new and at 5-60 WQM Dave says, got all of Erosma's remake of Come Together.
Got it?
Got it.
Also, yesterday's pull.
I hit it when somebody says, where you at?
See what they really mean is, where you be.
That's right.
Where you at.
You can't end a sentence with a preposition.
You can say, where you at, asshole, but not where you at.
Have a great day, Dave.
Everlasting love.
This is good.
This is an excellent choice.
Outstanding.
Says, love these music topics.
Can the one-hit wonders be far behind again?
I sure hope so because the audience hates it.
Oh, they can't stand it.
Any time I do music, because they hate my music.
Although this thing today has got nothing to do with my music.
It's strictly whatever music.
Right, whatever they're calling in.
But when do we do the one-hit wonders?
Because most of them are old.
You know, they can't stand it.
But Carl Carlton and Everlasting love, which originally was Robert Knight.
Okay.
But you know that song.
Got it?
Not on me.
Everlasting love.
Carl Carl and Josh, before you were born.
Oh, here's one that says, could this qualify a little less conversation,
also the theme song to hit you on Vegas,
original Presley in the 60s,
remake 2002 with album.
If I could tell you how I hate this,
I'd hope that you'd go test and despicable and disgusting this thing.
If you'd like this, you'd just like to song.
The video's even much worse.
How many times an hour were they kind of video?
I'm 30, man.
Hey, we're dead that host.
Come on, album.
You know you're dead, but get it up one last time.
And that reverb, man, sounds like you sing it very well.
It probably is.
Singing in a tunnel somewhere.
Abel says regarding the best remake.
This is magnificent.
How about I heard it through the grapevine originally, Marvin Gaye,
and then Gladys Knight and the Piffs.
Got it.
Heard it through the grapevine, but Gladys Knight and the Piffs.
And speaking of that kind of music, kind of soul.
Respect.
You read through it, Franklin, the remake of Otis Redding's hit.
Respect by Ritha Franklin, which was on that thing that somebody had
sent in from the Internet.
But I hate when they do that.
When they take the list right off the Internet, it takes all the fun.
Sample artist.
Look, there was some good crap on there.
Rick says, I can't believe what happened at Joe and Marco for a picture
that wasn't even on a QM website.
Isn't power the one whose splashes almost every metro bus
with an almost naked girl with headphones next to a turntable?
These people should listen to the music that's played on power.
The lyrics are worse than any naked pictures on any website.
If Greg expects me to write in power and or QA in the Arbitron book,
other than your show, he is sadly mistaken.
I am pissed off.
Says Rick.
Also, George did a great job on your way.
Says Rick.
Love your Rick.
How do you like that?
Oh, and getting a speak of that.
Speaking of people getting pissed off and not supporting certain people
or the other way around.
Tom Jicca writes,
the GOP might come to Rue the Day Howard Stern was banished by his buddies
at Clear Channel, and angry Stern is going to lead a political movement
to beat George Bush.
This is not something to be scoffed at.
Stern is a demigod, the millions of young adults, a difficult to capture voting block.
Worse for team Bush, the vast majority of Stern's fans are white males,
the group most dependably Republican.
George Pataki, the Republican governor of New York, and Christine Todd Whitman,
a former Republican governor in New Jersey, both courted and received Stern's endorsement
in their races.
Whitman was so grateful that the booster provided that she named a highway rest area in his honor.
So you could go right on him.
How do you like that?
So look out for the Stern people out there.
And on a much lesser level here in Florida,
which of course is the pivotal state or very well could be again.
We'll do our own little part, right?
Right, the swing state.
We're swinging it.
But we still can.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
And don't forget, check out our lovely website today with the beautiful Jessica Beale,
who just nine days ago celebrated her 22th birthday, Jessica Beale.
A lot of appeal on that.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song?
It's a very simple question.
It doesn't have a lot of words in it.
It doesn't have any words with long salabels.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song?
In fact, there's only one word in there.
It's got more than one syllable.
Pretty simple, simple pull question for simple people.
All along the waterfront, Jimmy Hendrix,
52 remake of Bob Dylan, which wasn't it.
Knock it on Heaven's door, Guns and Roses 30.
How many's it got?
Five third man.
I will always love you.
Whitney Houston, 16.
Boy, can she howl, huh?
Blinded by the light manfred man 13.
Southern cross Jimmy Buffett 13.
Till there was you, the Beatles.
A dozen.
See, I've loved Honeydrippers a dozen.
You really got me, Van Halen, a dozen.
You got a friend, James Taylor, 11.
MacArthur parked on a summer nine.
Low commotion grand funk nine.
Low commotion Kylie Minogue nine.
Cocaine Eric Clapton seven.
Can't get you into my life Earth, Wind and Fire six.
Walk this way.
No, not that way.
Run DMC six.
It's my life.
No doubt six.
Proud Mary, I canteen a turner six.
You see, that gives you an idea of how much your arosmith has changed music.
Have the influence they've had?
I just mentioned that.
Even though you're not a big arosmith fan.
Why do you keep saying that?
Because it's just a piss you off.
Proud Mary, I canteen a turner six.
Twist and shout the Beatles six.
Oh boy, the Isley brothers are really poked off about that.
The Isley brothers, I think, are still alive.
I should point out.
The Beatles, on the other hand, Fitty Fitty.
Big yellow taxi counting, Crow six, Dream on M&M five.
And after that, single digits.
What was that great one we just had?
But that won't get any votes ever lasting.
Well, that's a great song. Call Colton.
I think I got it somewhere here.
I sure rather hear that than a little less conversation by Elvis.
Oh, God, Elvis, back in the box, sweetheart, please.
WQ Ann, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I have two finger balls.
Okay.
Yeah.
Little apples.
Right, you're cracked out. We couldn't hear you.
I don't want that.
Okay, call stock.
Well, that was online one plus yet a crappy phone.
So put that combination into a little less conversation.
WQ Ann, hello.
Yeah, I just like to say, you know, most people,
like they have a little variety in their life.
And I think Greg had made a QAM because he could have made this station
one of the best ever by going 12 and 12.
He got two to six, Joe and Mark.
Variety, good entertainment.
Six to ten, or ten thirty, even to eleven.
He got the original Howard, V Howard, followed by you to two o'clock.
And then you throw in the sports guys from two to two.
Right.
What's wrong with this guy?
What's that to like?
You know, so that's my advice, Greg.
You got 12 hours of great variety, a little comedy,
a little sport, then 12 hours of nothing but sports.
And we can talk about Danny and Dave to we die.
That's it.
Well said, Polly.
Okay.
See you on Monday.
You start Monday.
Here's our new program director.
Well, my curse has been a little bit cheapish last couple of days
when it comes in.
The Dow is making a little comeback today.
It's up 89 points and that's that couple thirty two after two.
Persepitous dives the last couple of days after just diving badly.
567-0560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Line 9 WQAM.
Hi, I'd like to put something on the pole.
Go right ahead.
It's a hurt.
It's done by nine ensnails and redone by Johnny Cash.
Hurt?
Yeah.
Johnny Cash did hurt?
Yeah, he resided it.
And he won a he won an MTV award for it.
He redid it?
Yeah, he did.
Nine ensnails done it first.
Yeah.
And then Johnny Cash?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I'll be darned.
He's too bad he's not still here for us to thank him.
Yeah.
Thanks, we darned.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Bye.
That's the last album he did.
He remade a lot of, um, well,
Are you a Johnny Cash person now?
Me.
What do you mean now?
I always have been.
Hurt, Timmy Euro 1961.
Elvis Presley 76.
And the remake Johnny Cash.
And then he died.
5670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Viralist line.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, hi.
I want the ad went to the poll.
Go right in.
Uh, Lucy and the sky with diamonds originally by the Beatles.
And then by Elton John.
It was okay.
Good one.
It was awesome.
And I had one more.
Yes, sir.
It was, uh, I forget.
Let someone else get it.
He only said one later.
Thanks.
Good job.
That was good.
See, what do you think was the best remake of a hit song?
And he got, he got it.
And he gave us a good choice to.
Lucy and the sky with diamonds.
Elton John.
Would those big glasses, man?
Would those big square goofy glasses?
That's Sir Elton John, to you, bro.
Or Miss Elton John, to me.
5670560.
Well, we know you don't like Elton John.
It's okay.
Don't forget.
Join QM and the big,
or Landu Alza Query from five to seven to seven,
known of these sprint PCS wireless store at 8743 Southwest 136th
in the Edgar Prado Shopping Center.
Right off US one across from the falls.
The big,
well, have Honda Golf Classic passes, Panther tickets,
and free sandwiches courtesy of Ira Atlantic City subs.
And George will talk about his thing tomorrow a little later on.
We don't want to overdo it.
No, we don't want too many people showing up
because there won't be enough food left for you.
That's right.
WDQM and Josh.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
That's good.
Yesterday's poll.
There's two words that drive me nuts,
so I had to go call you on it.
One is pro-strike instead of pro-state.
And the other is when you're going to have your dog or cat spayed,
they say spayed it.
Spayed it.
Mm.
As in David, spayed it.
That's it.
Okay, thanks, Pali.
That's from yesterday,
but of course there are eight million of those,
so no problem at all.
We don't care.
Anything that will help us till two o'clock
when the mad dog will be along because we're just, you know,
we're just floating is what we're doing.
I was going to say we're trading water.
I think we're even doing HQM.
We're just floating along.
And Barry Jackass has great, rightist column for him today.
But oh, you can't touch us.
You know, can't beat us.
Well, of course, only Barry and Greg
would be the only two people stupid enough to even contemplate
writing about how many different sports stations we could have.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, as if.
Yeah.
As if there's even a market for one.
I mean, the collar we had just a couple of calls to go ahead
or write on the money.
What do we need 24 hours of the same Jimmy and Danny
and Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy?
Because that'll bring more people to sports.
And Jay and Philly, Good Philly, whatever the other kid's name is.
Well, who now needs that, man?
Even Jim Sarny wrote in his column last Friday,
and he was absolutely correct.
He's got two Jackpots in a row that it is ponderous.
All it's not about sports station,
even it's a dolphin station.
And all of a sudden, like I said before,
we have the episode with Todd Bertuzzi
and the NHL and the suspension and everything.
And the grotesque on acceptable hit.
And everybody on the station is a hockey expert.
Right.
More Howard David, it wouldn't know Todd Bertuzzi
if he came in and he'd stick him right into the guy to knock this piece off
on a high stick.
Can you see that?
Oh, I love to see that.
Knock his muskrat right on the ceiling with a high stick.
I mean, he's not going to be doing much for quite a while now.
Maybe we can bring him in to do that.
He wouldn't know Todd Bertuzzi from Artin Dottie Todd.
How do you like that?
And Sean Sondamore.
In fact, that's a remake.
Somebody did that, didn't they?
I'll take a...
See how I fell into a bucket of crap.
Man, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's the...
What that was that group?
My bell on the...
He said.
Very good.
Sean Sondamore, Artin Dottie Todd.
That was it.
Yeah, here it is.
And a Fontaine Sisters.
I love the Fontaine Sisters.
I've got to forget.
In fact, there's a remake.
Please don't leave me.
Facts Domino in 56.
I think the Fontaine Sisters.
We're not putting it on.
It's just a joke.
I thought for sure somebody else did Sean Sondamore,
but I guess they did not.
Shame on him.
1157, three minutes till the big hand.
It's the little hand at QAM.
And look, this is Sports Radio 560.
QAM.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
If you see them watch the TV,
we'll finger up their butt.
Whoa, what's up and oh, what's up and oh.
What Christians do for fun?
Be five in the corner.
While fondling their nuts, whoa.
Why look, whoa, why look, whoa.
What Christians do for fun?
Post a white tape sheet from the bathroom.
They need to keep failing back to pack the Roni and cheese.
Cut holes in the bed.
She just did.
They say we produce.
That's just about all they're allowed to do.
Why look, whoa, why look, whoa.
Let's go over here.
Let's get something on the receivar.
We're meant to talk specifically about animal fights and
And it's standing in and sit back down again at you
And watch it all down with the twelve-hack of fruit
Live a life aboard a tough-to-hem and you'll go
Gotta only smile the fun for in that home
I left alone, I left alone, I left alone
Yeah, I left alone, I left alone, I left alone
Alright, time for an interview
Good, thank goodness for that.
1202-560-W-W-Q-A-M
Krispy Kreme says, hold the sugar, hold the azukaar
Krispy Kreme donuts, long-done for its high-calorie treats, plans to offer
low sugar donuts to attract diners and diabetics
Oh man, I sure hope it doesn't have any of that in it
Yeah, crap
Exactly how low the sugar content would be if something only the company knows
and even in the hallowed halls of donut central the answer may still be evolving
Krispy Kreme spokeswoman Amy Hughes says she does know because the do-no-not
is still in the early stages of development it's set to debut before the end of the year
What a Krispy Kreme's hot original glazed donuts has ten grams of sugar
and two hundred calories, I'll take three please
More than half of those calories come from fat, called grams of it
Krispy Kreme lover Clint Beaver says while a low sugar donut is a good idea
he doubts of be giving up on the original glazed variety
As for me, I'd like to eat the fattening donuts at Beaver
a student at Wake Forest University School of Medicine
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
He's got to be a doctor so he can go kill some people
One of his med school friends Nathan Painter found the whole idea of a low-calorie donut strange
It just seems odd they're trying to be healthy said pain or anything that he'll give one a try
The idea of offering a low sugar donut isn't new for Krispy Kreme
We've been looking at this for some time said Hughes
Krispy Kreme's plans are aligned with those announced recently by a number of fast food giants including McDonald's
which is facing out super sized portions of friaries and drinks except for special promotions by the end of the year
No more poop resizing
Wednesday the house pass legislation that would ban lawsuits against these joints
Underground Zigg at bankrupt fast food chains and restaurants even though of course they are killing us
And we don't care about that because they don't need a lot of money to the right wing
Live and let die. Did we get that honor guns and roses?
I thought we did
I got you babe sunny and hair redone by UB 40 and Chrissy Hind
Yes
Chrissy behind
Do we have that honor?
No, five six seven open member of the great pretended by the planners of course now on deck of records
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th
How about the flying saucers because that record by becoming a good man
I remember the flying none
David and Miami says speaking to Joe and Marquis says unfortunately it sounds as if they sexual harassment issue
As ridiculous as it is if a woman walks by your orifice and you have an offensive photo on the screen
Could be something you're viewing a screen server wallpaper a screen saver wallpaper
It's considered sexual harassment
It further goes on a way bikini calendar on the wall
But this involves a sexual harassment maybe that's why you can't get her name because she's protected
Whoever the she is from power 96 that we don't have the name yet
No
But the person with the photos and his computer screen should have been reprimanded not you and Mark David Miami you are
Absolutely correct
You're thumb right on it man
They didn't have a computer on somewhere
It wasn't on their website I mean the whole thing is so absolutely stupid is even the obnoxious jim sarni says
That's something got us think somewhere okay
People over there in Naples man the beastly people the same people that are running Howard Stern over there by we should point out on their FM in Naples
Who's coming under tremendous assault who's under 75 delays
And they fired you on mark because somebody found a photo with a striper on it on a website from 80thness from seven months ago
You know what I really think what do you really think?
I think it's another one of those cost cutting measures to me
We just you know they're talking about well maybe Dave Hagen wants to be on in there and this one now I don't think anybody's going to be on in there
I think it's going to be sporting news radio they open up a product cost and nothing what I say two days ago
Yeah
This to me just looks like window dressing on another cost cutting measure by the beastly
An excuse
Yeah
Just waiting to find an excuse to get them off the air
Well I'm not making us any money and you know I mean I don't know that for a fact that's just my guess because I don't think anybody could be this stupid
It's one thing to overreact it's another thing to go off the end like Renfield in you know
You know
Dracula yeah
Charles and dear field beat says
Just a thought but I think it's safe to say this whole FCC which hot got its impetus by the exposure of Janet Jackson's memory gland on TV
So I ask you is it my imagination that most of the heads rolling as a result of that unfortunate wardrobe malfunction
Seemed to be on radio
That's right Charles we had an article on our website the other day about how radio always takes it up the old shoot
And TV when they get off easy not that I'm trying to start yet another conspiracy theory so Charles
Paul suggestion for yesterday and this is a good one hundred
Or hundred instead of hundred hundred hundred hundred bucks
Oh here's a good one pinball wizard Elton John
Never done I mean he we did a lot of good stuff
Yeah he did the uh who the who and Elton John remade it pinball wizard you got that I'm there Josh
Yeah I got it
Excellent
Paul says I heard W on CNN referred to his conversation with the Prime Minister of Spain
Jose Maria Aznar by saying I just got off the phone with his majesty King Jose Maria Aznar of Spain
Hey listen at least he's making improvements when he first met him three and a half years ago he called him
Prince Ansar
Prince Ansar the Prime Minister of Spain Jose Maria Aznar
He probably thought he's kind of in Eznar
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 5 6 8 8 8 and T in Verizon wireless long let's get another two three thousand songs on a list here
So it'll keep you real busy over the weekend
WQA and hello
Hey how you doing?
Pretty good?
Um Neil?
Yes sir
You got to do Rollover Beethoven originally struck Barry by the Beatles
And Beatles
Okay
Alright
Thanks
Good night
Rollover Beethoven originally struck Barry by the Beatles did the remake
Beatles also used a lot of other people's material
Yes they did
This has nothing to do with anything
I just have to like this song a lot
Oh
Hey
Oh
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Then she's scared
And she's scared
And she's scared
And she's scared
It's free
It ought to be big and soft Florida baby it's free
Just like that salad dressing it says right there in a bottle craft free
It's free it's free
It's free in a bottle yeah
By the way Wednesday he's going to be doing the radio the the rumor Meister
And Jeeps is going to be doing with what?
Where?
When when?
Jeeps Meister is going to be doing the TV with Denise Popfam
But that's a good match
That's a match made in heaven
I'm sorry Jeeps that's a shot
Nobody deserves to be hooked up with the neat Denise Meister
What a oh my god dumb homophobic frog
Come in the QA him, hello
Yeah
Yes sir
That's a big one
Got everyone
Yeah right just brothers unshaped melody
Al Hibber
Hi Hibber
No
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
That was great
That was the best call of my 28 years sir
Thank you so much
That was sensational yeah
You see how America's learning now
You can almost hear the goose stepping right through the speakers in your radio
That's his al Hibber
He's got something high over there
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
That was beautiful
Back action
Alright
That's a good one
Unchained melody
The Ancious Righteous Brothers
One half of whom are still alive
Now which one was it died Bill Medley
Awww the one
I don't really know one
The one who's doing all the drugs
Gov. Q. A. M. Hello.
Heal.
Yes, sir.
I got one for the poll.
All righty.
Higher ground by Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Stevie Wonder Original.
Higher Ground.
Yes, sir.
Stevie Wonder down higher ground.
Higher ground.
Going around with higher ground.
Okay. Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pellie.
All righty.
Have a great weekend.
Remember Stevie Wonder doing higher ground?
No, I don't.
But...
Oh, let me look it out.
I don't remember that.
I can't say that I heard that.
Higher ground.
Higher ground.
Stevie Wonder 470.
Don't be correcting our stoop listers.
Okay.
This guy knows his crap.
April 73.
Higher ground.
Stevie Wonder.
I just don't remember that thumb.
But that's a good choice.
Red Hot Chili Peppers.
They're, uh, they're okay.
They're like in and outers, you know what I mean?
Some stuff they do is really good.
Some stuff it's like.
They were really good.
The Anthony kicked the drugs, and now they suck.
So what it is?
And now everything they do sounds the same.
The therapy.
Right.
Join George Tomorrow from noon to two at Eddie Akardi Dodge 23.
Have a North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach,
tomorrow side of Atlantic Boulevard, just pass the boat to Ramah.
George is going to have prizes of questionable value.
And of course free sandwiches courtesy of Atlantic City subs.
I bet you fat rich stops by to say hi.
He might be with the free food.
Now he'll stop by to see you, because he'll probably be on his way to the track.
Little somal casting, little punjino more or night.
Why not?
So join us so much a guy and his thug, thug Josh.
Well, we did have Scott, but Scott is not going to be allowed in Pompeo.
Uh, Josh, for food fun and high jinks tomorrow to Cardi Dodge,
Federal Highway and beautiful Pompeo Beach noon to two.
And then even zip right over the track, catch some somal casting,
plunge your brains out, just bring a whole suitcase full of money.
Okay?
You'll treat your right.
WQA, hello.
Hill.
Yes, sir.
Three quick points.
Yes.
Yesterday's Paul Gunner.
I'm going to call Neal.
It's still going to?
Gunner.
I'm Gunner.
Okay.
Today's Paul said she's got Van Halen already.
The best improvement remake, I think is a smoking in the boys room.
It was, uh, I believe it was Brownville Station and then Motley Crew.
Originally, uh, and who did it afterwards?
Motley Crew.
Motley Crew.
They rocked it up quite a bit.
That'll do.
Good one.
And final point.
Yesterday, you, Neal God, kind of stepped over the line.
I heard something that you said something that right wingers have said about you and Howard.
You said CNN should not be allowed.
It should be pulled off the air.
I know your point of view and I know you're, you're trying to talk, but that's a dangerous type of comment.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Like I said, CNN should be yanked.
I understand it, Neal, but you know what I'm saying, too, right?
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
Okay.
But I still say it.
CNN needs to be off the air.
I wouldn't argue with it either, but you know what I'm saying.
Anybody else can be on your except CNN.
How's that?
Okay.
Have a great day.
Good job.
Okay.
How Hitler.
Yeah.
How Hitler.
Let's get used to it, baby.
How Hitler.
Oh, there is a great one.
Was it yesterday on our, well, I see a lot of the bedtime stories.
We have just too long for me to even think about reading even part of them on the air, because if you only read part, it doesn't give the whole, you know, deal.
But about the guy who wasn't apologizing for comparing the bush regime to the Nazis.
And he talked about the preponderance of homosexuals in Nazi Germany.
And even the speculation that Hitler was bisexual and about how they then turned to persecute all of the homosexuals along with everybody else, except of course those who sucked up to them.
That doesn't sound too familiar.
Does it miss Fudge?
No, no, no.
Or any of those people like you log cabin rollers who probably roll in some right now.
Fudge, that is.
From 13 at 560, QAMC and end of the has to be off the air.
560, 560.
The radio is on yours now.
QAMC.
The blob.
Okay.
I know for a tenegger is back, depending on why you're pushed with two piston action in the IMAB center for the GHS.
My job is to infiltrate and destroy liberal descent groups who disagree with our glorious administration.
I must earn trust to believe I am one of them, but I do not know is IMAB center for the GHS.
Hello.
Bush line.
And so just died.
Welcome, Kamla.
It's good for you to come.
Now that you are with us, you can help me put up these.
Anybody but bush posters.
Wait a minute.
What do you hear?
Don't let California's cartoon governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in IMAB center for the GHS.
Only on CBS, the Conservative broadcasting system.
Yeah, we need somebody serious to run from prison like Arnold.
Here you go.
1217 at 560, WQAM.
All the way to watch tower.
The best remake of a hit song ever.
Jimmy Hendrix, 64 Rest in Peace.
Knockin' on Heaven's door is makin' a move, Guns n' Roses 51.
I will always love you Whitney Houston 20, so it's a two-house raise right now.
I mean, when Whitney Houston is that high up on a list that tells you these are not the best group.
How about...
Alright, that wasn't re-make-up.
No, I know, I just played this song.
It just happens to be a different isn't it?
It's just, it's a party time five.
You ever see this, these series is...
Yeah, I wish I had that one.
That's a good one.
In fact, yesterday I played some of these two including Eddie K's usual theme song.
That I'm really getting tired of hearing.
Wow!
Happy Endless!
Oh, no.
Yeah, hate that.
Busy.
Come on now.
I'm feeling good.
Or how about...
We can't even say the title of this.
We got the **** out there.
The police.
We fought the **** out there.
One.
Here's what I think the NRA likes so much.
Anyway, good disc.
That's absolutely nothing to do with anything.
Let's see, the ultimate remake isn't always will be vanilla fudge as you keep me hanging on,
which of course was originally done by the...
Wonderful, lovely, innovative, dinosaur-stly, super-yums.
You keep me hanging on.
The vanilla fudge would last about seven and a half minutes and like that.
Right.
That's why we like it in this business.
I can't believe nobody called in this one yesterday orientated as opposed to oriented.
I got this new job and I have to get orientated.
Excellent one.
Also, sing for the moment, not sing for a moment.
Sing for the moment.
I still own that song, do you?
Sing for the moment.
That's an aerosmith song?
Well, let me look up the title.
Okay, it'll kill some good time here.
Well, this book weighs about many, many pounds.
About third, man!
We never got to name it at the KC.
No, it's singing.
Oh, please don't listen.
Friday and then it's good.
Come on, one hit wonders, baby.
Oh, no.
Who is it?
No!
Anyway, it's sing for the moment and guess what?
It's still on in here.
I don't know, I got sing a song with wind and fire.
Sing, boy, sing Tommy Sands on Capitol Records.
Remember Tommy Sands?
No.
Teenage Crush Tommy Sands, do you remember that?
Shame on you.
How about Tab Hunter?
Remember him?
I bet you what was the name did, Tony Perkins.
Well, I tell you what, I get a little bit excited thinking about Tony Perkins and Tab Hunter.
That's the Arumor.
Of course, Tony Perkins is dead.
And when Tab Hunter finally croaks, last night, I guess we'll let her head on last night.
I give up.
Since I'm over the age of 100, I'm allowed to watch her once in a while.
He had on Rock Hudson's wife, she was married to him for three years.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They did it.
Prop, wife.
They did it.
He probably closed his eyes and thought it'd go more.
Is that what it was?
Thought a hoover?
In fact, you know what the first thing was she said to Larry?
We did it!
That's what she said.
Anyway, moving right along, let's see, former Brothers Johnson Lover till I heard you say it.
What does it, what does that mean?
Sign me a former Brothers Johnson Lover till I heard you say it.
What does that mean?
From the Brothers Johnson.
Anyway, this has the potential to win.
I get by with a little help from my friends.
A little help from my friends, originally the Beatles on Sergeant Pepper, remade by Joe
Cocker and his sister, Althacocker, the wonder-years-themed song says UCF Kenny.
A little help from my friends.
He writes, I get by with a little help from my friends, but I'm sure that's not the song,
right?
You're right.
A little help from my friends.
Joe Cocker, you got it there, Ajash?
Got it.
Good.
Ajash is right on top of it.
Rick says, sitting on the dock of the Bay should be on a pole remade by Michael Bolton.
Oh, no!
Now, even a parody on sitting on a bench, you're going to read what's being about.
And I think that's one of the ten that we can still play, of course.
We are sitting on the couch, we can't play that.
I'll see.
Here's another example of not understanding the pole, Rick.
I mean, Rick usually fancies good stuff, but in this particular case,
what do you think was the best remake of a hit song?
And then he says it was made by Michael Bolton among others.
Well, what does that mean?
My wife took the card of the ball.
See what I'm saying?
But if you want, we'll put Michael Bolton on his sitting on the dock of the Bay will humor him.
Even though, of course, you are a puking before, forget about it.
Well, I'll have a quick look.
Gosh.
Oh, right.
Oh, you know something?
You know the reason that we didn't get the KC thing, I got the wrong song.
Am I stupid or what?
Am I dumb?
Moron?
Jackass?
Cool.
The KC song was...
Right? Right?
Now it makes a big bell.
All right, now dancing in the streets, but who we're going to put down?
We don't have that on it.
Who did we made that?
Besides the KC.
Martha and Van Dulles.
Well, no, forget about KC.
Let's see, dancing in the streets.
Mick and David Bowie did it.
Mick Jagger and David Bowie.
Well, Van Halen did it too.
But we don't want to put Van Halen.
We already got a couple of Van Halen's.
What about Mick and David Bowie or 85, huh?
All right.
What?
I hated their version.
Are you picking on Mick?
Oh, I don't like it either.
I like the bow.
You know what would be great?
Here's an idea for Boka Brian.
To stick the Howard Dean places in there, huh?
They're dancing Arizona.
That would be great.
It would take a little bit of work, but I think he can handle it.
If anybody had could, that little bald head of geek, Boka Brian, he could do it.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, I'm sure he's working on it now.
Yeah, it's perfect.
Tracy and Kendall says,
my vote is for Tommy James and the Sean Del Song, Money Money,
remade by the bizarre Billy Idol.
That's a good one.
Okay.
It says, would you play a drop of the a poor lady?
Since the holiday passed by you were on vacation.
Oh, no, you already told me you had your home in touch, which is nice.
Indeed, and it was a wonderful food basket from the Halberstani this year.
Trail mix, cookies, the Scotty.
Happy prom.
Fruit.
I don't take any bulls**t from me.
Happy prom.
I'm not for the cooking.
Thanks for calling.
See you, motherhole.
Happy prom.
Are we sure, Miss Err?
She was the best.
Have a great day, too, Tracy and Kendall.
Thanks for the memories.
Okay, thanks for the f**k, Reese.
Jeff says, good current hit.
We made by Cheryl Crow of the first cut is the deepest written by Kent Stevens.
And recorded by Rod Stewart.
It is a pretty good size hit.
It was fairly big.
I felt like this.
The first cut is the deepest.
Cheryl Crow.
Also, Ronaldizely is alive and well.
Spent some years as Mr. Bigg just completed the album with Berk Backerak.
John Lennon always said the Beatles twist and shout was an homage to the Isley Brothers.
See, there you go.
Mr. Smarty Pants.
Mr. Smarty Pants, the Isley Brothers, you got the same thing with Marvin Gaye's.
You got one with the Isley Brothers.
You do not give one to the Isley Brothers.
You don't like Marvin Gaye, though.
I do like Marvin Gaye.
Just to beat boys a better.
No.
Okay.
No, you don't like him because his name is Gaye.
That's the problem.
Gaye.
It's a spick thing.
26th pass known at 5.60, your Gaye station QAM.
We are sports radio 5C.
Oh, just that.
So host solid fine, will they go down the road man?
It's a bad experience.
We don't care.
We don't care.
We don't care.
That's very our here.
We don't care.
We don't care.
That's very our here.
I don't care.
I just do your roles don't know.
I would say this is probably the greatest song ever recorded.
And I'm not going to argue with it.
Really?
Really?
I love it.
That's what we need boys and girls a little more.
I know that fill it off your freedom in America but it's dead dead dead.
Thanks to these right wing lunatics, these fascists, these hitlerian lunatics that have taken over that stole the election in broad daylight.
You see here's the deal and this is why I say C&N needs to be off the air like by one o'clock at the latest.
Maybe by 12.33 would be better.
By the way Eric for some reason our clock is slow down two minutes but it's not the right time.
But anyway, have you noticed that?
No, I didn't.
Let me go look.
Yeah on our web book on our homepage.
Perth so it has something strange but I probably a Kami pinko conspiracy.
High Hitler.
But C&N reports this thing yesterday and today the house passenger the indecency bill 391 to 22 with no comment with no debate with no like.
Oh, okay.
Well, blitzkrieg my ass.
Of course for the first time.
I'd love to see them come up from behind him right now with a muzzle and just put a big curtief right around his mouth and drag him off kicking and screaming like Howard Ville.
Would you love to see that?
Yeah, drag his ass off the stage.
Oh, now what is this thing?
Top TV radio station contributors.
Eric emailed me something.
I guess I'll have to look at during the next break.
He says in particular look at the beeslees.
Uh oh.
Look at those beeslees.
We can't afford to pay Joe and Mark.
But we can afford to be you know, whatever they're doing.
Let's see here's what it says I'm currently looking for any photo of Howard David with strippers at all films.
There's even a hooter girl with an impulse sticking out.
If any of your listeners might have these photos, I'll be using them for a website.
I'm starting once it's up and running out informed George and you can look at this site at work.
Hopefully someone in your sales department will see this and mold the fire sincerely.
Defoe.
That's cute.
I like that.
By the way, we got a guy here in Toronto, Defoe.
Looks like your twin brother.
Paul Romanoch.
He's on an awful Sunday morning show on Leafs TV.
Oh, the reporter is Paul Romanoch.
He's like Defoe Light.
Cratson and Cradle at Harry Chapin 1974.
Ugly Kid, uh, what?
Joe?
Ugly Kid Joe, yeah.
I know it's Joe, but look at how that's written.
It looks like Joe.
Ugly Kid Joe in 1993.
So that's good.
Ugly Kid Joe, as in Joe Mama, says David from Penfield, no less.
I wonder if that's Penfield, New York.
Must be.
Huh?
Must be.
I must be my friend, David, from Penfield, New York.
Well, excellent choice, David.
Moving right along.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Did I plug your thing?
Again, I think I did.
At a card, he died.
Oh, I'll next hour.
Okay.
Let's not overdo it.
Okay.
I just, your heart keeps on going.
I'll tell you right now, anybody out.
Oh, look what just happened.
That is the most unbelievable thing I've ever seen in my life.
What?
What?
Wow.
My computer, the monitor for the phone for the tellers.
Yeah.
It was, it was in the, you know, screen saver thing.
So I slid my mouse.
Can I say that?
I slid my, I slid my, I slid my, you touched my mouse.
And now it's like bizarre.
What, like, it's like, yeah.
What is that all about?
I think it's going to blow up.
Is it?
Let's take your call.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
And look how good the phone call sounds.
And I think something great just happened.
How good?
Yes, sir.
For all your musical lookup needs, all music guides.
It's on the internet.
I don't know if you still use that, but it'll tell you everything you want to know.
And it's free.
Excellent.
That's what we like.
We like free and easy.
www.almusic.com.
Allmusic.com.
Thanks, Pally.
I love you.
All right.
See ya.
How do you like that?
No, this thing is still staying in this mode.
I don't want to lose it.
Have you ever seen it like this?
I've seen weird things before.
And not like this.
This is beautiful.
It's like, I mean, the white part is white, except on the bottom where the clock is,
and then on the right where all the phone lines are, and the flashing, and then there.
Wow.
It's like psychedelic.
It's just like I just did a few of the mushrooms I brought back from Amsterdam.
I mean, WDQM, hello.
Hey, me, all right.
Pretty good.
I got one for the poll, and I got a question.
Okay.
Easy, bylignal, Ricky.
You know that?
Right.
It was covered by Faith No More.
Faith No More?
Yeah, it was a D-side on a single phone.
Okay.
And the question was, um, you know, I don't like Donald, Ricky that much.
It's okay.
It's a good song though.
Yeah, it is.
Is Josh's mother available tonight?
And if so, will she give it up on the first day?
730.
Nietzsche the QM door.
But the answer to the second question is no.
And so.
Now, Aski says, remember Aski from Summer 42, that's right.
You never saw that movie.
No.
It was Benji and Aski.
Good afternoon, Neil and George.
It says, please see if you can find Roar River Bay to him by E.L.O.
I think I got it.
Do you?
Yeah.
I know I have the best of E.L.O.
So if it's on air, I got it.
I love E.L.O.
E.L.O. is great.
The beginning is very deceiving.
The rest is pure duke and jive.
You might want to play the whole thing.
How about he or she commentated?
Oh, yeah, commentated.
And a rush favorite, Tata Tate, where he doesn't know that it's, uh,
to pronounce the T in a second Tate as well.
He says, Tate, Tate.
Ha ha ha ha.
He should know better.
Well, maybe he taped some of the wrong drugs.
It says, it's great.
Keep it up.
And the show Tuesdays is Aski.
Well, I'll get my E.L.O.
Disc out momentarily during the break.
Okay.
I think we had enough Elton John.
Well, I love Elton John, but I don't want to get you all the old Elton John.
Right.
That's like, for example, like this.
Like I hate that until stand and song.
You don't like Elton still standing?
I hate it.
I love it.
That.
What about a favorite one?
He just likes a video.
He's probably like that one.
He did an unsuff speech.
What was that?
Something in Spanish?
No.
A word in Spanish.
When a Palabra in Spanish.
He was just down there to hang out with those hot young, uh,
remember, uh, that's right.
It was before your time.
Nick Lawrence was my producer.
You don't remember this, do you?
Back in the middle.
No.
He located those two, uh, male models who were in that video.
You talk about it all the time.
And he actually located and brought them in on the show.
Uh-huh.
And I hate to say it, but they were both, uh,
well, let me say this.
Makeup can make you look a lot better.
Okay.
That's a very delicate way of putting it.
Yeah.
They weren't we ever already.
I don't have grade.
But anyway, one of them kind of like,
we had to put a lead weight on them to keep them on the floor.
But that's out beach for you.
Now, what can you do?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Five, five, 60.
Uh-huh.
And that was a good video.
A Palabra in Spanish.
See?
Okay.
Maybe okay video.
Oh, I just love sitting here.
I'm just not taking any clothes.
I'm going to sit here and look at this monitor, man.
I have never seen nothing like it.
WQM, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, listen.
I had one for yesterday's, uh, thing.
It's a word that you, you go to the same.
You say Schwartz, uh, the Tashwartz is Schwartz.
I never say Schwartz.
I never say that, Schwartz.
You say Schwartz, yeah, that's a,
Never say Schwartz.
No, the only Schwartz I know is like Arnold Schwartz.
He has a deli on South Beach.
Get with it, Schwawk.
Ah, Schwawk.
Twenty one to one.
I'm going to look for my ELR.
I'm going to sit here.
I'm going to stare at this thing.
It is mesmerizing.
Oh my, that is low.
It's just Schwartz, waiting for my safety.
Q way, yeah.
I wanna be a Latino.
I wanna be a Latino and say, hey, my, no.
We're not on my head now.
I wanna wear a slick 50 in my hair
And dark, sunglasses to cover my face.
I wanna drive in a big car with a buskin interior with loud S-B.
I wanna girl name Juanita.
I wanna girl name Juanita with long black hair,
blue eyes and big gold chains.
A Latino.
A Latino.
A Latino.
A Latino.
I want a new Latino.
I want a new Latino named Hector.
He wore a blue banana down to his eyes.
He had baggy army pants and said, wait down.
He had a white muscle shirt that was way too tight.
A Latino.
A Latino.
A Latino.
A Latino.
C-525-550-WQ-I-M.
So Frank says, you haven't mentioned the two I sent our excellent remakes.
So I didn't know that he sent them.
This is the first time I saw this fact.
Plus, Motley Crew, we make a smoking in the boys room.
A Grand Funk Railroad, too.
It's got a pair.
Right?
Yeah.
And Mega Death Remake of No More Mr.
Nice Guy, Alice Cooper.
Well, we didn't have that one yet, so we didn't have it on there.
Right?
Now we do.
There you are.
Here's one.
I shocked a share of Eric Clapton, Bob Marley from Clip and Coral Springs.
Thanks, Cliff.
Yeah, man.
Now, here's an interesting thing.
Here's a response that the Assles, I mean, the fine gentleman, a clear channel, sent
to one of our listeners, Michael and Boca, who was contacting and communicating with him
in his great displeasure with their removal of the Howard Stern Show from Big.
And let me say it again before we just cracked that they sent him back.
We have listed on our website right there on the top of the page, all of the eight South
Florida Clear Channel radio stations for you.
In Dave Groud and Palm Beach.
So, govern yourselves accordingly.
That's my suggestion to you.
If you want to get even with Chief Channel, not only don't listen to any of the radio stations,
but certainly, they're not blowing them any tangible support if you catch my drift.
Don't tell anybody that you'll listen to Big or any of those other seven evil-doer stations.
That's it's the best way.
Just like Joey Zaza, man, set him a message.
Immediately if not sooner.
There you go.
Don't have one other big, hoping sorry.
But what's not to like about either one of them?
Nothing.
He's just a top liver alive.
Some of us have been married one.
We love ELB.
Oh!
Some of us have one for a mother.
Many of us.
Trust me.
I shall never be.
Some of us have one for a salesman.
I shall manage this.
Raw!
Anyone?
Anyone?
All right.
That's it.
No.
Dear Mr. So-and-So, thank you for your message.
Clear Channel Radio's decision to suspend Howard's Stern from our stations is based on our
regulatory obligations that commitment to airing material that conforms to the standards
and sensibilities of the local communities we serve.
Right.
That's why he only has a 10 share in men.
The decision to suspend the Howard Stern show was difficult.
However, as broadcast licensees, we have a legal obligation to protect our listeners
from indecent material when children are most likely to be in the audience.
As a result, we will not air Howard's Stern on clear channel stations until we're
assured that the show will conform to acceptable standards of responsible broadcasting.
In other words, till hell freezes over.
We have full confidence in our ability to provide compelling, entertaining, and informative
programming that is not indecent and meets the taste and desires of our listeners, right?
Like PD Lenny's a cooking show.
We're coming to A50 soon.
I'm sure.
We greatly appreciate and value your feedback and have sent your comments to the appropriate
Clear Channel representative, sincerely Omar Thompson, Vice President of Marketing Communications.
Is that not to make you puke or what?
Talk about a standard, pet, form letter answer.
How many, how many thousand letters and complaints and emails do you think they got?
About 30 minutes.
How much do they got 100,000 people really pissed off and fired up?
Well, we have to do things that we bullcrap.
How do you do when it's sucking up to the bush, my story, and that's full of nobody?
Okay, Simon and Garfun girl did the song Time.
Well, that's not the name of the song.
I don't think that's called Hesitiative Winter.
That's it.
Look around, a piece of ground, I'd say, Hesitiative Winter is the song.
The bangles were there.
Where did they come up with time and the bangles we did?
It much more upbeat, they like it better, which is fine.
Hesitiative Winter, the bangles.
Here's another bad, bad thing.
Duck tape instead of duck tape, okay?
Duck tape, you put around a duck's beak.
Duck tape used to wrap up Wolflet's Creek's mouth.
Well, I love to see a monitor with duck tape around his push.
Man, he just gives me the willies.
Let me, I know it's Hesitiative Winter because I played it 80 million times
on the ears of this jerk, you know, I like that song, it's a good song.
You got it, the bangles?
We got it.
Let's see, what am I looking for?
Hesitiative Winter.
Oh.
One moment, please.
I mean, why am I looking for this?
Why do I have doubts?
Prime will duck.
Here it is, Simon and Garfunkel 66, the bangles 88.
He by Al Hibler, high hibler.
The McGuire sisters and the righteous brothers, righteous brothers must have been big
Al Hibler fans because they kept redoing his crap.
So there we go, we got the Hesitiative Winter.
We got the smoking in the boys room, no more nice guy.
We got eye shot, the sheriff.
I was going to play that eye shot, the sheriff thing, and I listened to him during the break.
Can't play it and had too many problems, huh?
To shocking.
Well, I mean, no, seriously, what are we talking about here, boys and girls?
Jesus.
391 to 22.
The obscenity bill passed in the house.
It'll be a different version, somewhat different version.
We'll pass in the senate.
Now, President, they, the chancellor, the rice marshal will sign it, and then it'll be, it'll be it.
And then everybody's going to have to be like, peeing in their pants because, well, here's a half a million dollar fine for you.
And here's a billion dollar fine for you.
And it just based on what?
Based on the fact that they just sat around and made it up.
They keep embellishing it and embellishing it.
First, it was the seven George Carlin words.
That was back in the 70s.
How many years ago was that?
32.
32 years ago.
But a George Carlin 730 words.
And instead of progressing, and instead of a country where they were growing up a little bit, no, we keep taking gigantic steps backward.
Sexual activity or excretory activity.
Well, what does that mean?
Nobody even knows what it means.
And now they say, forget about local community standards, which it always was.
It's based on the average listener in the US.
Is there such a thing as the average person?
No.
Forget about average listener.
The average person.
No way.
There's no such thing.
I think there's a thousand of them.
A hundred million people.
And by the way, keep in mind, they will decide your government in action.
They'll decide.
How am I going to read that again?
I don't want to like paraphrase.
I want to read it right from the horses' ass.
In order to be found in decent, the language involved, whether explicit, double-entined, in-u-end or sound effects, must constitute a patly offensive description or depiction of a sex act organ or excretory function.
In determining whether language is patly offensive, however, it's important to recognize that local community standards are not used.
Since when are we from circus, I guess?
Rather the FCC considers whether an average adult listener in the US, an average adult listener, would find the broadcast matter patly offensive, and the FCC will rely on its own expertise in determining the standards of the average adult listener.
For this reason, the FCC is held at the actual popularity among adults residing in the market where programmers will not insulate material from the finding of indecency.
You could have a 99 share, but if we decide that it's indecent while you're screwed.
So I figured somebody that got like a sea average in school makes the real average income.
That was the real average looking face, white children, drives an average looking car.
Right. Let's find that guy.
Average white guy.
Average white band.
Here's a fact that says, use the listener at Joe and Mark overnight, but it was better when they were on Saturday afternoons.
They were doing it for a while, I don't know how to understand.
Even when they talked sports, they made it fun entertaining. These guys are not boring like the rest of the shame their gone, so the listener in the crawl springs, PS is there anything we can do to get the back car right to station? Absolutely.
They ought to be flooded with phone calls and with emails.
What should we want to give out?
The main office number.
And who are they going to call for?
Carlos.
You're going to have our audience calling for Carlos.
You're going to do that to our.
If you carry the message along, yeah, but he will.
He will.
Think about it.
Okay, what's that number?
305.
305.
653.
653.
679.
679.
Don't give me with a question mark.
Well, Josh is a verifactor.
That is correct.
Oh, absolutely.
Posted note in that room.
305.
653.
679.
699.
We have a brown number.
Do we have it?
Yeah, but well, we'll get it.
I don't have that number.
We'll get it.
Okay, if we don't get it, you'll get it.
So there you go.
We'll give the numbers done if you want to complain. Call in the direct.
You're complain.
Don't just sit and take it lay and down.
And I'm going to say it again.
It bothers me deeply.
I don't want to be like be the odd man out, but I don't really care.
I always am anyway.
It's the only non-sports show on the station.
But it just disturbs me that my colleagues don't seem to be going to bat.
You know, suppose it would have been Hank.
Suppose, you know, when we had that incident with Hank being suspended for a week,
I went ballistic over that because I think that was totally inappropriate and excessive and ridiculous.
And now we got you on mark getting canned and flat and Anthony as well.
They're good guys.
They never stole a freight train.
I mean, no, they're not out in the middle of the day.
It's not a pivotal program for the radio station.
And I'm making us any money.
But the fact of the matter is to just sit back and watch your colleagues get screwed over.
I mean, with Threrella, was it a different story?
Everybody knew Threrella was going to get fired.
It wasn't a question of if it was a question of when.
He had more lives than an ever-ready cat.
They warned him and warned him.
He had how many meetings a day?
About third man.
Sign papers.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to say that.
And he just kept doing it.
He shot himself in a foot.
So I can't feel too much sympathy for him.
He's got an endless history of getting canned everywhere he goes because he's got a career death wish.
So it's unfortunate.
But he's just out of control.
He's an uncontrollable, whirling, derby.
On the other hand, these guys.
These guys are like Sunday school preachers by comparison.
And somebody allegedly finds a photo on somebody else's website from seven months ago.
Walks by it and is bitterly offended.
And then lodges a complaint or starts a big sentence.
And that's the excuse for canning their ass.
I don't think so.
What a joke.
What an embarrassment.
So I think that some of the other people on the station ought to be raising holy hell too.
Now, the Humper, of course, he's probably not a position right now to be raising too much hell.
You know, they took him to the U.S. Headlast Wake.
Right.
But some of the other people on there.
I think it's about time that you looked around and started sifting the daffodils, okay?
Because it was them this week.
Maybe it might be your ass next week, okay?
For something you least suspect, it might be.
I guarantee you one thing.
This show will not be the scapegoat of this radio station or any other radio station for the FCC.
You can bet your just life on it, okay?
And Greg, and Duff, and Clarence.
Bet their lives on it.
Well, this thing is still got that just phenomenal color.
I think this is something I'm a miracle happen.
Well, don't touch it.
Or just touch the WQM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I got a great suggestion for you actually played yesterday, eight.
No crowd to beg was covered by stones.
Right. Good choice.
And the only other thing I can think of is another great aerospace cover, which was a helper shelter by the Beatles.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Let's do the first one, okay?
Ain't too proud to beg.
Originally the temptation and the stones done it.
Don't done a pretty good version of it, didn't they?
Yeah.
Pretty good.
Not the temptation, though.
I mean, the original is usually the best.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song?
All along the watchtower, Jimmy Henry, 79.
Knock on the heaven's door, Guns n' Roses 69.
Oh, I will always love you, Whitney Houston 22, twist and shout the Beatles 21.
You really got me, Van Halen 19.
Southern Cross Jimmy Buffett 18.
Blinded by the blight, Manfred Man 17.
See you love the Honeydricher 17.
Cocaine Eric Lackton 14.
BANG!
MacArthur Park, Donna Summer 13.
You've got a friend, James Taylor 12.
Oh, do I despise James Taylor?
And the sad part of his I used to like him, you know?
Yeah, I know how you feel.
He just hung around too long.
Just go away, Jimmy.
Locomotion Kylie Minogue 12.
Proud Mary, I canteen a Turner 12.
If there was you, Tiller was you, Beatles 12.
It's my life, no doubt, 11.
Walk this way, run DMC 11.
And Locomotion by Grand Funk with an N.
10.
Say that very carefully, articulate, articulate.
12.57560 Q.A.M.
Live and local, here's sports video 560 Q.A.M.
Just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
If anybody has a opinion,
dissenting from our way,
then you place your name into the system
and send me out the stage.
Don't even bother to question.
Just follow unto faith.
Everybody's turning funny.
There's fascist USA.
In the act of patriotism,
we're watching all of you.
Everyone does a situation.
So much what you do.
This act is for nation.
And all you mightless fools.
In bush, by the landation.
That's as USA.
You gotta hate those Jews.
And Clinton's liberals too.
Believe everything we tell you.
And the state run you.
Blood, war, and forth, blood.
Fill up your escalating.
A roof and chainy bush, baby.
That's as USA.
We don't mind to see our cops go.
A bad economy's good.
We're fascinated by a chaino.
Don't read no stupid books.
All the hour is facing.
The tax is arid in way.
Everybody's turning vases.
It's fascist USA.
You understand the stuff will keep struts of everyone.
103 at 560 WQM Happy Friday.
Just keep an eye out your window.
Here's a good fact.
I thought there was a remake.
And by group two,
we did Shaw's on down more in the 70s.
And I'm not going to spell it for you because you got it on the facts.
Shaw's on down more by art and dotty,
the original.
It was a corny song.
And redone by Manhattan's transfers.
560, 560, 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget to join George tomorrow noon to two.
And Eddie a Cardi Dodge.
2300 North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach.
A mile stop in Atlanta Boulevard.
Just past the voter ram.
And especially if you live at win more or one of those places,
be sure and come by and say how to do it.
George will have prizes of questionable value but there'll be free.
Free sandwiches, courtesy of Atlanta City subs.
Spread the word through all the AK villages in Pompeo
that George will be there with free food.
And it's Doug Josh for food fun and hygiene tomorrow.
What is that hygiene scrap?
Probably stuff that will show up on the website one day.
Already there.
At a corny Dodge and Federal Highway in beautiful Pompeo Beach
noon to two tomorrow.
And then of course we got the big O-doinist thing
which will give that another plug later on.
All the plugs all the time.
Why not?
It kills good time.
That's what I say.
560, 560, 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
What do you think was the best remake of a hit song ever?
Not what you're your top ten.
Not what you're a couple or three or four.
Which one?
Best ever.
WQM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I got one for your poll.
Banana Rammer.
Thanks for having us on something Venus.
And it was also a record that since the day they released it
it only took three weeks to get number one.
I'll be damned.
You mean Frankie Avalan's Venus?
Yes.
OK, thanks, Polly.
No.
Shocking Blues Venus.
I beg your pardon?
Shocking Blue.
Oh, Shocking Blues Venus, that Venus.
Not Venus.
Oh Venus.
Shocking Blue, that's a great song.
Yeah, it is.
Well, there's so many Venus' there's Frankie Avalan.
Mm-hmm.
There's Shocking Blue.
I just don't remember being in a random way.
But I'm sure if I heard it I would say, oh yeah, that's not just like Shocking Blue.
How Shocking?
They butchered it.
Did they?
Bad.
Well, I'm sure glad I missed it.
I'm sure I didn't miss it.
I'm sure I heard it, but probably like, you know, took it out of my mind.
I like just exercised it.
Shocking Blue, and you're my Venus.
I remember that vividly.
Of course, we can't say Venus because it sounds too much like f*** on the air
so we can't do it.
567, we'll get that on you.
Okay.
Got it.
Got it.
All along the watch, tower 84, knocking on Heaven's door, Guns N' Roses, 73.
I will always love you, Whitney Houston, when you're 22.
So like I said, he forwards the two horse race so far.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
I don't know if you have it on a ne- uh, list or not, but, uh, respect by Rita Franklin.
Yeah, we got it.
Oh, okay, thanks, pal.
Thanks, pal.
We just put that on a short time ago, didn't we?
Yes.
Oh, thank goodness.
Because that would be bad if I lied.
I'm dying if I'm lying.
I don't see it on there.
I don't see no respect.
I don't see no u- w- w- Franklin.
I said it.
I read it.
But I think, uh, somebody screwed up.
Big time.
Do you see it on there?
I'm looking.
It's on there.
I just saw u- w- w- wait a minute.
One moment please.
It's just got a lot of votes.
There it is.
Oh, and for some reason, put it in capital letters.
Oh, make sure I would miss it.
Because she spelt it out in the sun.
Yeah.
R-E-S-P-E-C-T.
Seven.
R-E-S.
Oh, don't say P. R-E-S-E-C-T.
Grime would vassect me.
W-Q-M. Hello.
I'm Captain Wood.
Yeah.
You're wearing the S-R.
Hey, I got one for you.
All right.
Let's see here.
Um, what's your opposite, uh, the song called?
I was here's a reclown.
We're made by English people.
You're made by whom?
English people.
English people.
English people.
The English people.
The English people.
English people.
English people.
I can't say beat, man.
All right.
I'm sorry about that.
See ya.
Thanks.
English beat?
Yeah.
The tears of a clown?
Yeah.
Never heard of it.
Are you- are you just made that up?
Okay, sure.
You just try- I saw that movie, uh,
Gass, what was it again?
Gass light.
George Raff.
Tears of a clown?
Miracles.
There ain't no English beat.
Now, what was that?
Like in the last five minutes?
No, like, uh, late 80s.
Well, it wasn't much of a hit.
But anyway, put it on there.
It'll make that guy happy.
Make everybody happy.
I never heard of it.
And evidently, a lot of other people never did neither.
Don't be messing around with Smokey Robbeth and okay?
Quite frankly, of all the Motown singers and groups, he, I don't know.
The miracles were okay.
You know?
If I liked it, it was a miracle.
Why not?
I don't know if I didn't ring the QA.
I'm Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, what about Ron and Feds?
Ron and Feds.
What was their song?
No, no.
What?
Ron and Feds want Lee?
Hey, guess what?
They're going to mid days on that real radio station.
Yeah.
What do you think about that?
I don't, I don't think anything about them.
Either you or them.
Yeah.
But you can't do it because it's clear channel, clear channel.
Yeah.
Okay.
boring.
It's another Orlando guy.
I think we care about Orlando radio.
We don't.
We're not interested in real radio, unreal radio.
Ron and Feds, same old stuff.
Strippers in the studio.
They're getting, you know, all kinds of stuff going on.
See, there's, there's a good example.
Like I said, the other day.
These were guys who didn't just have a bunch of naked
skanks running around the studio.
There was stuff going on, man.
Stuff in the Paxon building.
Buddy Bud, born again, goody-touches.
Buddy Bud, Paxon with his Paxon network.
Holy wholesome macaque for all of America to go to sleep, too.
But some picture pops up on a website somewhere last September.
An incident that it was in the studio.
And all of a sudden, joy, I still think we're, we're both right about the
economic thing.
But they don't want to pay it anymore.
That's all.
So they had to come up with some lame ass excuse.
In fact, who knows?
Who knows what the real story is back there?
Who really saw that picture or why it was put, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
I just, I'm not buying it.
It sounds like a totally contrab story to me.
Somebody, all I don't want, you know, there's a great song by the castaways,
which we all know.
It's called.
That's the great read theme song.
They make up more story.
More BS.
And of course, birds of a feather hang out and play to banjo and to go three together.
So the beesleaves and Greg man, they're up there doing it.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, I got one for your bull.
Yes, sir.
Uh, uh, you lost that love and feeling, hauling us.
Hawn floats.
All right.
I didn't, I didn't see it on the list before.
I found that one there yet.
Well, okay, thanks.
Take care.
You've lost that love and feeling.
The righteous brothers, one of them is Roland Oberyn, his grave, and the other one is
wondering where he left the good drugs.
Hawn oats.
What we got, we got that one cute bit.
It's not, it's not really funny, but then again, we can't play anything funny anymore anyway.
So I have to be cute, not funny.
Just, eh, okay, you're not kind of funny.
I got a starting right.
My chest is getting tight.
My cholesterol counts.
It's going off the charts.
I'm gonna bump it.
I'm not feeling too good.
I think I might buy the farm.
Hi, I'm Darrell Hall.
You know, even though my hair looks really good and I got a great bud and all the women really
love me, I got a problem.
Hi, cholesterol.
So that's why I ate this new, hollow note brand cereal.
Every taste is a little flake to taste, just like my partner John, set their bigger and they don't
hold back my career.
Anyway, before you've lost that living feeling, rock and roll with a healthy bowl of
Paul and Oat Brand.
Hey, it's the only thing I like better than me.
Oh, try a bowl.
Add some milk and chew it up.
Try some whole and old.
Be a brand eater.
Paul and Oat Brand cereal, from the makers of Guns and Rasons.
Oh, have a bowl.
Be a brand eater.
That had its moment.
It was okay.
I gave it about a three and a half on a scale of ten.
Here's a good facts.
Neil, I want to let you know why our gas prices are skyrocketing.
The Oat Pet countries are trying to remove a present they're afraid of so they can return it back to a Muslim control.
The major Oat Pet countries are afraid they'll lose control of their countries if the new Iraq government succeeds
where they democratic government and the people get too much freedom.
So what better way to disrupt our election?
Just raise crude oil prices.
Hope the next administration will pull out all of our troops and let the next terrorist run rampant.
Oh, my God.
This is a bush looking facts.
Like I said, a really lame facts.
Idiotic, pathetic.
Luna, it's a ride.
Maybe that's why bush runs around with Prince Vandar, arm and arm hand in hand.
Maybe that's why they're kissing up in the tree.
Says, I'm not a right wing fanatic, but I don't want a foreign government trying to fix our election.
Just something to think about.
I thought about it and you're wrong.
You're full of crap.
Anyway, here are three Canadian pronunciations which drive me nuts.
And of course, to show you that this is a fact, there are some of you people, you know, you're facts this stuff like,
oh, wow, you really know something.
You don't know nothing.
Three for three.
Canadians don't say that only French Canadians frog say three.
Okay?
Three.
A boot for a bout.
That one's right.
And project for project.
That is correct.
You got two out of three.
Ain't two out of three.
Ain't bad.
They say marks instead of grades.
And obviously they go back up into tree.
Now they do spell things kind of strange like the Brits like labor is L-A-B-A-O-U-R, labor F-L-A-V-O-U-R-A.
But project.
And of course, he left out the most obvious ones all of us hockey fans.
The organization, okay?
The organization.
And by the way, anybody ever here of Marcus Nielsen?
113-560-WQM, hey, spring into savings right now and save like never before on a new car or truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
They run US-1 just 20 simple easy minutes out of the 836.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead's worth a drive no matter where you live because they're going to save you a ton of cash on your great new Toyota.
Check out these great leases waiting for you at Armstrong's right now.
An O4 camera or four runner for just 269 bucks a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 highlander for just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America?
You pay only 179 bucks a month for 48 months.
These are just some of the fabulous savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
And now with the tool increases on those of you using cash on the turnpike, Armstrong's Toyota Homestead will give you a free sun pass when you get your new car truck to.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota with an unbeatable deal today.
So experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference locally owned and operated their committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
The service department is even open late till late week nights to make sure that your service work is done and done right.
Like I keep telling it's easy to get there no matter where you live in South Florida because they're right at US one and 2.93rd street in Homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836.
So please do yourself a favor.
Don't waste your time with those mega dealers or car giants who always over promise under delivering gets you another dealership under phony pretenses.
Do the smart things shop where you can trust the folks David Rich and Armstrong Toyota Homestead call them at 305-242-3247.
That's 305-242-3247.
Grab a little save a lot on your great new Toyota Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
My life and local.
This is for Toyota by 60.
You ain't way, you ain't way.
I'm a free man.
Get my any tell.
At 5.6.0 WQA.
I'll show popper like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me, esteemed father.
What is it my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father, I'm afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Long since I am your father, I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promised you was to love me?
Of course my sweet child.
A father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed.
Very well.
I am.
I am.
Right man.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you are pregnant and not married.
Yes father?
I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square.
And with the help of my friends and neighbors, stone you today.
Trust my daughter.
It is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
I'm sorry.
But I should only be grounded.
No, I'm not.
The grounding is not what.
I must have you stone.
It's the first time.
So focus is on a fundamentalist Middle Eastern family.
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
What is it my wife?
Oh, I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, right.
Are you going?
I'll turn it back y'all to collect some stones.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square.
Where you will of course be stone today.
You'll be an Esmeralda.
You've probably lived with the Fuck Net family.
They deal with the many problems like this.
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
Last night I used the little broods.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stone two nights in a row.
You will have no mercy.
The guiding she is.
The guiding she is shot on location and fact there.
I guess the most big of carries in the hinds
is that we're in business with the Abin Laden.
Wasn't it?
Or could it be the Bush family?
I don't know, I get that confused.
One idiotic facts like I should have said.
119 at 560 WDQM, here's one that says the,
this morning the mole man went on and on about
what a drunk Joe Robbie was.
And how mole would see Joe Robbie staggering around the stadium
and that Joe did nothing for the community other than
support his local watering hole.
It says F the mole man to which I say.
Absolutely.
Yeah, good point.
I'm listening.
Good.
I hope you are.
You disgusting old cout.
Joe Robbie built the stadium.
Okay, he didn't run around when he realized that he was going to have to do it himself.
He didn't keep whining and running around with his hand out like Wayne.
Like certain billionaires that we know like Wayne.
Your boss on a was a, by the way, who hates you like poison mole.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I'm better remember that.
I have that unvery good authority from inside the organization that Wayne hates mole like poison.
But nevertheless, unlike Wayne and other billionaires running around.
Oh, build the system.
We're going to go away.
We're like the Marlon people.
Build the system.
We're going to go by by all of that crap.
So you can knock Joe Robbie out.
You want.
He wasn't really a very pleasant guy.
I have lots of problems with Joe Robbie.
But nevertheless, he built the stadium that you broadcasted the games in right now.
Shmuck.
Yeah.
Punk.
Idiot.
Mooron.
Even I like him.
He didn't pick my pocket.
I'm listening.
Right.
Didn't force the taxpayers to pay now grandad the rest of his family and they were in a real mic mirror.
But that's too bad because he's that now anyway Joe.
Neil, how about the Atari's remake of the Eagles Boys of Summer?
Well, first of all, it wasn't the Eagles that was done heavily by himself.
But nevertheless, the Atari's got it.
We got it.
Boys of Summer.
I mean, we don't want to nitpick with the Tucker who's a good faxor.
But nevertheless, I hope you don't know Tucker Carlton.
With his vote tie.
56670560.
Pound 560.
If you have never seen the monitor like this, you must see it.
Is it black and yellow?
No, it's black and green.
Ooh.
Yeah.
It's a beautiful thing.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I called your station and a guy says, I said I'd like to speak to someone to express my
displeasure of the Joe Mark Show being removed off the air.
Right.
He says, so do you have a name of someone?
I said, no, can't you tell me one?
Like, if you don't have a name, I don't know who you can talk to.
And hung up.
He hung up on you?
Don't you think that they would know?
I mean, that's a pretty specific question.
Yeah.
He knows who you ought to be talking to either Dufflin Z or Clarence or Daryl or Greg
Green, one of the management people.
It's true.
The guy answers the phone for both stations.
No, no, no, don't say guy.
The word you're looking for is Ting, the Ting.
Right.
And I saw the Joe and Mark picture on another site called groveslam.com.
And it's not too bad.
I mean, it was amazing that I would have never seen.
Groveslam.
Groves like coconut groves.
It's somewhere in the gallery.
I thought it was a long time ago.
Yeah.
And it's much to do about nothing.
Yeah.
I agree.
Well, keep going.
Call him back again.
Bitch him out.
Okay.
Bitch that Ting out.
I love you.
I keep pinging away.
Okay.
Hang's up on one of our listeners.
Okay.
That's nice.
That's scumbags.
See, it's okay for him to keep the job.
He must have naked pictures out there that are freaky carloas.
Yes, they're not on the internet.
Yeah.
Not yet.
Yeah.
Dressed up like Susan Kuchi-Kuchi-Luchi.
Here's Jim.
This is him.
A long time.
Let's grab his suggestion for you.
You can place a link directly to the FCC homepage.
So everyone has easy access to those fashions to provide their views.
Well, if you go to neo-riders.com on our homepage and you'll see on top, it doesn't really explain it too well because a lot of people are going to even me.
I forgot what those call it.
KCJJ's free speechathon.
It's at the very top above the yellow banner that says, where nation what?
KCJJ's free speechathon, which is what this station, Iowa City, Iowa did all day yesterday.
And they have, it's not very well written out.
But nevertheless, it's there.
It's got the address, the phone number for the White House.
It's got the people in Congress.
It's got the FCC.
They're email, they're address, they're phone number, they're yaddy-addy-addy.
Okay?
In fact, there it is right now.
Federal Communications Commission, the address, phone numbers, facts, et cetera.
Michael Powell, all of those things.
So just click on at the banner there that says KCJJ, what have it all says?
And it'll take you right to it.
Thanks, Jim.
Good point.
Because I'd like to do something.
But this is the most frustrating feeling I've ever had in 40 some years and a year.
391 to 22.
Now, these people have any idea what they're voting for?
No.
Oh, no, they're voting for God.
They're voting for decency.
They're voting for cleanliness and purity.
And where's everybody else?
Where are the liberals?
Where are the Democrats?
Where are the free speech defenders?
Where's the ACLU?
I'll tell you the only people.
I got it here somewhere.
I wouldn't waste my time with it because it's pointless now.
I hope I didn't smit-can it.
The after people, the American Federation of Radio, I already threw it out.
Well, no, the reason I threw it out is because they sent all the members of Congress yesterday
before the vote.
They sent them a passion plea.
I think we might have put it on the website.
I'm thinking about the Senate's era.
Begging them not to vote for this thing and explaining to them how it's just a...
It's just an open avenue to start finding people and take away free speech just to make it up as you go along.
And obviously they really listen very carefully to what the after people had to say.
Right, and it's up to you.
It's election year, baby, which of course is the reason that Michael Powell and his band of fascists brought this up this year.
They used the janits action just in think about flat at the Super Bowl just as an excuse,
which is why I'm starting to wonder.
Not that I'm a conspiracy theorist, but the joint marketing, it seems to me, especially of budget cuts that we've heard lately at QAM.
See, it's one thing, and maybe I'm totally off the base.
I can't make the accusation, but I'm suspicious of it.
Because something that minute, something that ludicrous ridiculous to use that as an excuse to fire four people, I'm not buying it.
You'd have to be so panicky, you're like, God, June Allison, hanging out at your house every day with her depends.
You probably have to borrow most bag 15, 20, 30 times a day to catch my drift.
I mean, if you want to say, well, guess what? We have budget cutbacks.
We can't afford a live show in the morning. There's no revenue coming in, something like that.
We wish you guys luck. We want to keep you on on Saturdays, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
We wouldn't like it, but at least I think somebody could understand that.
So there's a save, Joan Mark section on the web page now.
Good. Save, Joan Mark section on neo-rodgers.com.
Good. And I hope that some of the other people that work on this radio station, some of whom seem only interested in their own asses,
I hope that they might open up a mouth too, okay?
Because like I said, in a current environment, they could be next.
My life is a local. This is 430560.
You weigh in.
It's Friday, you bastard.
That's why I hear that.
I'm going to have to go home and have a taste.
And try to wait for thousands of hours in the van.
If you expect to get your children laid on the air.
Hey, hold down.
I'll get this for free.
We're 10 kids and maybe you'll start.
We're 10 kids and maybe you'll start.
We're 10 kids and maybe you'll start.
We're 10 kids and maybe you'll start.
You don't care.
130, oh Eric, this the email may something really juicy, man.
We need this on our website, Eric.
Top radio and TV station contributors to the political campaigns.
Okay.
Guess what company is number one in political contributions?
Clear.
2004, that means this year.
Clear.
First channel, good guess.
318,501 bucks, 20% of Democrats, 80% of Republicans.
National Association of Broadcasters, 282,378,36% of Democrats,
64 Republicans, even the Hispanic Broadcasting Group,
106,000, or third, 40% of Democrats, 60% of Republicans,
almost 50, 50.
Now, over the Salem Communications,
his number six, they've contributed almost 80 grand,
zero to Democrats, 100% of Republicans.
Beasley Broadcasting, his number five.
Yeah, I hope.
Number nine, 47,750 bucks have been donated,
4% of Democrats, 96% of Republicans.
Westwood won, which is 13th, is donated 37,595% of Democrats,
only 5% of Republicans.
But, Barack, I don't know what they are, Barack Broadcasting Group,
27,5, all Republicans.
Collin Sports TV, 27,5, all Democrats.
La Grande Cadena, I don't know what that is, some spectacular thing.
26 grand, all Democrats.
What is it?
It means big chain, what for what it's worth?
The big chain.
You have a big chain around your neck.
That's a human chain.
General Electric, 17,975, 67% to Democrats,
33% to Republicans.
And we're going to have another Cox people on here.
I don't see you a Cox Broadcasting on here anywhere.
Emma's Communications, this is the Emma's 82% of Democrats,
18% of Republicans.
I don't see anything on here from infinity,
from anything that has to do with the Viacom anything.
Follow what I'm saying.
We need this on our website.
Easily broadcasting, 4% of Democrats,
96% of Republicans, out of 47,750 bucks.
This is the same company, by the way,
that can afford to pay Volca Brand that extra 50 bucks a week
for those comedy bits that I still haven't got an answer on yet.
50 bucks a week, okay?
And they just gave away 50 grand,
most of it to the anxious right wing,
who want to silence them and yank their license, okay?
Who are yanking their shame right now, as we speak.
Oh man.
Clear channel, we can understand,
and even Clear channel gave 20% of Democrats,
which is no that great,
these leads 4%.
Wow, it's enough to make you want to cry, ain't it?
Get that on our website.
Also, we got the Save Joanne Marco thing on our website too.
Click on it.
And if you want, just, just,
I'm going to hell out of the thing we got out of the front desk.
Just give her Holy Hill.
Leave a message for Duff Lindsay.
Leave a message for Clarence Darrow.
For Josh Darrow.
That's what you ought to be calling Josh Darrow the PD.
For his Duff Lindsay,
and I'll be anyway to go on a busman's holiday,
he needs it.
He needs a lobotomy.
So, call Clarence 305-653-6796.
Tell me what you want to do on Mark back on Sunday night,
or else we're going to like pee on your parade.
305-653-6796.
Crimson and Clover, Joan Jett.
Old Tommy James and Ashondale said,
Joan Jett, got it.
Got it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound five, 60.
It makes me just want to scream.
Just want to just try.
When I take a look at that 96% these people
are given to the Republicans.
Wow.
What a bunch of nose pickers, man.
No wonder.
No wonder they spent all their time up in the tree playing a banjo.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
The whole thing just makes me sick.
The whole thing makes me sick.
The whole thing makes me sick.
Yeah, before I get into that,
I only want to be with you by the Bay City Rollers.
Remember that?
I don't remember the name.
That's the Springfield.
That's the Springfield of the original.
Ah, yes.
And the Bay City Rollers, excellent.
Good one.
Thank you.
I've been with my former of years.
Exactly.
This Bush administration.
I'm so proud of John Kerry for not backing down on that.
Right.
That's right.
You know, I wasn't his biggest fan,
although I'd vote for, you know,
anybody against Bush.
But I was really proud of him for not backing down.
Well, not only that, but as I watched him speak the last few days,
he's really doing a good job.
He looks presidential.
He's not backing away from anything.
He's really taking the gloves off.
And unlike the wimpiness that we had with Dukakis
and some of those people,
it's about time we had a real fighter out there.
Right.
I was really getting worried, though,
that he was going to back down and apologize and all that crap.
But I'm very happy.
No way.
And on NPR this morning,
they were talking about other Mike Flipp.
I have to listen to NPR now that Howard's gone.
Mm-hmm.
And they actually played that one.
We're during the campaign of 2000,
where he said that Cheney,
the asshole from the reporter,
and they played the asshole.
He said, you're going to be like,
I'm good for that.
I like it. I'm proud.
Yeah.
All right.
Anybody with Bush?
Hang in there for the moment.
If you're a woman,
if you're a kind of children,
if you're a minority,
if you're anybody,
but that rich and white and male,
you've got to get out and vote these people out.
Amen. And vote 15 or 20 or maybe...
About 30 men.
At least.
Relax with our thanks.
Bye-bye.
560-705-60-pound-560-odd-AT&T in Verizon.
She gave me a little bit of hope,
just a little glimmer there.
I think Carrie has been doing a good job since you know,
going to get a lot of wrapped up.
I think it's, say, things like that,
like a whole lot more.
Right.
Because you'll notice they didn't waste any time.
He didn't even have the thing all wrapped up yet,
but they were peeing in their pants in a white house.
So they started, you know,
they floated that crap with Matt Fudge
and the thing about his affair with the intern,
and he had the flashing lights on the website there,
and they put out all this crap.
Because like he said,
there are a bunch of liars in crooks.
That's, what's wrong with that?
Why should you apologize for telling the truth?
There are a bunch of liars in crooks.
Just like I'm telling you,
that our management of QAIM is incompetent,
which we've known that for a long time.
There's nothing wrong with the truth.
It's, you'll set you free.
And if you say too much,
it'll set you free like permanent.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line,
WQAIM, hello.
Do you want to tell you that our management of QAIM is in?
Oh, I.
QAIM.
QAIM.
Not there.
WQAIM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
I just wanted to congratulate the you and Eric.
I think you said his name is for the website.
I mean, there's everything on the website.
Right. We got, I said we got about the best website in the world.
I really believe that it's fabulous.
I don't know about the world, but you.
Other than, of course, those pornographic ones
were spending most of our time on, but other than that.
No, you're very generous with your content
and making the bits available.
I think more people should know that there's more than just the stories out there.
Right.
You've got Neil.
Okay, thanks.
And another thing, we don't charge to go into our website.
There's nothing under you have to pay for.
We don't charge for that because we don't have a bunch of big fat egos.
I've got a couple of big fat people, me and Eric.
I don't have any big fat egos.
I've got some bad news. I must forgot about this.
And the reason that I almost forgot is because CNN is bothering to tell us anything about it.
Maybe they slipped it on here for about two seconds.
A bomb blast is killed. Two US soldiers wounded a third on a road.
70 kilometers west of Baghdad.
The combat soldier's vehicle, which was serving as an escort in a convoy
struck a homemade bomb in Habania.
The death's bring to 267 number of troops reported by the Pentagon has killed
since the end of major combat May 1st and we're getting close to 600 total.
Earlier, the US led coalition reported that two Iraqi women employed at a coalition laundry in the southern city of Basra
have been killed by a government who raked their taxi with bullets.
Also on Wednesday evening, US soldier was mortally wounded in a roadside bomb attack
near the central town of Bakaba.
So they're dying now and it's not even news anymore on CNN.
See, laying a wreath in commemoration of those killed and injured in those terror attacks.
Oh, yeah, that's right. There's the president laying a wreath.
Of course, he's not visiting the graves who are attending the funerals of any of our soldiers
whose lives are being sacrificed for fun and profit by him and his neocons, by him and his fascist regime.
Not doing that.
And he only originally had an hour for 9-loven commission until they held his feet to the fire
and said, I guess what they ain't good enough.
He was busy making TV commercials for two hours, but he only had an hour to testify.
Because unlike the problem that he was singing, I don't want to testify.
I don't want to.
Kind of like some of my relatives. I don't want to.
Whatever the question is, I don't want to.
21-2, the mad dog, you two. I know the mad dog's going to be making a strenuous defensive joint marked this afternoon.
He probably spent his entire time on it and the hopper himself.
He heard what it was. He's been out of the wood shed very recently.
He's going to raise some holy hell today.
5-2, local, 6-6, is 5-60. The radio's on your side.
You win!
The county tale, I had a de-you-I.
Here in jail, there's a where, that I can go.
They slammed the prison door.
Not free to walk down the streets.
Instead, they're calling me fresh meat.
Somebody's been going fine.
But soon it will be showertine.
Now it's a world wide-eyed eye-dream.
And dry, now it's a world wide-eyed eye-dream.
I don't look good in strides.
Life in the county tale, it's no fun in the past.
Life in the county tale, I'm the only one who can't even dream again.
At about a two-second blurb on there, we saw Todd Bertuzzi doing that hit in the hockey game.
How many times, how many thousand times yesterday, uncertainty not news?
About 30 men.
And by the way, the seeing clear channel stands for censorship.
I had this story on Wednesday, and never got around to it.
It's kind of cute.
Not going to happen, but it's kind of interesting.
Republican Senator John McCain allowed a glimmer of hope Wednesday for Democrats fantasizing about a bipartisan team to defeat President Bush.
McCain said he would consider the unorthodox step of running for vice president on the Democratic ticket in the unlikely of any received session offer from the presidential candidate.
John Kerry is a close friend of mine.
He said we've been friends for years.
Obviously, I would entertain the idea.
But I'm the McCain emphasized how unlikely the idea was.
It's impossible to imagine the Democratic Party seeking a pro-life, free trading, non-protectionist deficit hawk, the Arizona Senator told ABC's Good Morning America during interview about the illegal steroids use.
They'd have to be taking some steroids, I think, in order to let that happen.
Unlike some other Republican senators, McCain hasn't rallied against Kerry a fellow Vietnam vet.
McCain called the Kerry Bush contest the nastiest campaign so far that we've seen and city preferred campaigning for candidates instead of against their opponents.
I think that's a great idea, don't you?
Sure, let's do it.
Kerry McCain.
What's not to like?
Kerry's a fact from Joe, what?
Kerry came.
Thanks from Joe who says it's an unwritten law in my home.
Never listen to a clear channel station.
You go, Joe.
Instead of gloves 94, I listen to light 101.5 and serious jazz 88.9.
Kiss country is always my choice for she at kickin' music.
WLRN does better than that experience news team at the WOFL Isle of Dream's news radio sucks tan.
As for the beat, well, I'm white so.
Be sure to check out Kerry's channel's list of songs with questionable content.
You won't believe what they've got on there and he's got a website where he can check them.
For your poll, he says, how about you spin me around like a record originally done by Ditter Relive covered by dope, the metal band not Greg Reed.
You spin me around by dope, got it?
Got it.
Got it.
Here's one that says, so you've already got Kahn's and Rosas remake of Dylan's Knock on the Heaven's Door, A.
But what about the even better remake of the same song by Warren Zeevon last year?
Well, there's no problem with that.
We got two versions of a local motion.
Warren Zeevon.
And Knock on the Heaven's Door, got it?
Got it.
And Johnny Cash also did a version which might be the best of all he says as the chronic and cocoa.
He says Zeevon was dying when he recorded it and of course since has died and the audience knew it too.
Powerful crap.
Stuff.
Thanks, chronic and cocoa.
Larry and Carl Spring says, call QM to complain about you and Mark being off the air and he hung up on me.
What gives was that Carlos the it and the answer to your question is absolutely that was it.
That be it.
How do you like that?
Well, I'll give you a better idea because I don't think clearance is going to hang up on you and you can also fax him.
You can set our program director of fax and you will not be a disconnected or hung up on.
305-770-1456.
If you don't get these numbers from me, you're going to be on our website and that saved you on Mark thing.
305-770-1456 where you can call clearance our PD, our illustrious little PD, and say he and between sports maybe do something constructive and go there and pee under Greg's door.
And yes, I'm going to put some pictures on the website of me posing with a naked donkey.
Like I said, it'll be on George's personal website.
305-653-6796 is number for the that's a general number.
You can ask for a Josh Darrow our program director.
And if I want to get any reports, if he it gives you any trouble, hangs up on you, I want to know because you know something, there is somebody deserves to get canned.
Right there, that thing, that thing.
So many people including many, many people who don't even work at the station but just people who had to come into the building to pick something up or deliver something.
Over the last few years have commented, and what kind of a creature is that you have sitting there to greet and meet people when they come into your place of employment.
And of course the only answer we could give you would embarrassing, that's the only word I can use embarrassing.
Conservative group loses vintage and Broward suit over game marriage.
A Broward judge yesterday denied a petition from a religious legal organization when we're lawsuit over game marriage.
The Liberty Council which advocates conservative Christian values had requested to be a party in the lawsuit against Broward County Clerk and Courts seeking the right of gay couples to marry.
Liberty Council opposes gay marriage and wanted to represent churches.
Broward Circuit Judge Richard E. denied the request to genuine women to suit to those who have a direct interest in the case.
Clerk of Courts Howard Foreman is the defendant in the case, gay couple James Stewart 61, loved him in the rear window and Wayne Clark, and said that.
And Wayne Clark 54 of Daniel Beach are challenging the state's ban on gay marriage and partners gain right to benefits in Tampa.
Oh my God.
Gay and other unmarried partners of city employees will be allowed municipal health benefits under an order signed yesterday by Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio.
For filling a campaign pledge from a year ago, Iorio made the move effective January 1st, 2005 after the city's benefits enrollment period October.
It's a progressive step she said acknowledges not all employees are married but they're in committed relationships.
Some public officials and community leaders welcome the move.
Fantastic said Nadine Smith, director of equality, Florida, a Tampa based gay rights group, the mayor has had a long standing commitment to equality.
How do you like that?
And that's a real Yahoo, but what have to say it's real Yahoo play no we know.
So little tiny baby steps there you go.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a gay TNT and Verizon wireless line. It's still flashing green and black. It's a beautiful thing. WQA him hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. I want to suggest my way for the poll by the sex pistols.
By the sex pistols? Yes.
Okay, thanks. I'm hopeful it. It sounds like okay. Thank you. Okay. Say hi to your horse.
Sex pistols? My way? Who else did my way that after Frank Sinatra ripped it off? I mean, who's the other one?
I don't know. Come on. Well, that's good enough. WQA. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, what ever happened to that wonderful Isle of dreams? I saw the tower was up the radio tower, then the tower was down.
W I O D. Oh, I hate that station. Yeah.
That's, you know, the original spot. I had the big tower with the wires on it and then it was gone for a couple of months.
And then they had another tower up there. Well, the room I'm hearing is that they're going to go off the year and on Monday. They'll be off the year.
Haven't you heard that all the time?
That's the room where I'm starting. I mean, I'm hearing a WI do be off the year on Monday.
And I think the other cheap channel stations too, which has saved money, they will continue selling advertising,
but they're going to be shutting their transmitters off for several months in order to conserve on juice.
That's the new slogan of the cheap channel. Save the juice. Birds of a feather do it together.
151 at 560 QAM.
We're almost forgot the Ted Rolls.
You forgot to remind me. Hey, don't forget that Ted Roll column.
Ted Roll first they came for the shock jocks, the censoring of Howard Stern. He writes.
During the 50s actors and screenwriters sympathetic to progressive and radical causes found it nearly impossible to get work,
though they couldn't prove it. Blackball Holly would tell it knew why their telephones had stopped ringing.
Somewhere behind the scenes, someone powerful, someone who believed that America was composed only of two kinds of people,
communist and right thinking souls like themselves was working to silence them.
We tell our kids that America learned from McCarthyism, but a new version of the red scare is being born in this new century.
Power brokers connected to what Hillary Clinton clumsily called the vast right wing conspiracy,
the Bush-Chinese neo-conservative war profiteers, the Christian right and their media allies of Fox News and Clear Channel, operate out in the open.
Their goal is to crush personalities whose influence and eloquence threatens their plan to recast the US and their white, heterosexual pro-business image.
Ironically, two of the hardwrites recent high-profile speech-mortars Bill Maher and Howard Stern are libertarians, a group whose distressed a big government traditionally prompts them to vote Republican.
ABC, a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company, a major political contributor to Bush's 2000 presidential campaign and other Republicans cancelled Maher's politically incorrect TV show after 9-11.
Now over on AM radio, the Bush-controlled FCC is targeted to Howard Stern for a trumped up decency violations.
In a classic tag-team move, Clear Channel communications, the 1000 station plus BMIT so closely allied with the White House,
that it organized pro-Bush rallies for America during the run-up to the invasion of Iraq, declared Stern in violation of a brand new zero tolerance policy for on air indecency.
Clear Channel, who will line in the sand today with regard to protecting our listeners from a decent content, and Howard Stern show blew right through it, Clear Channel President John Hogan said, before dropping Stern's popular syndicated program, Clear Channel is willing to lose money to promote its political agenda from its stations.
Sighting three separate FCC sources, Stern says he expects to be hit by a huge blind and fired.
It's over for me for a broadcast to be said last week, I'm checked made it, all they got to do is find infinity and we're gone.
And there's nothing we can do about it. On March 50th, I'm guessing that sometime next week will be my last show on this station.
There's a cultural war going on. The religious right is winning. We're losing.
If Clear Channel truly had a two zero tolerance policy on decency, Stern points out it wouldn't have hired Phalmouth right wing Republican Michael Savage as its KPRC AM host in Houston.
Savage they infam- infam- infam- infamously shouted that homosexual should get AIDS and die on MSNBC.
The real reason he's being attacked Stern says is that he dared to criticize George W. Bush.
If you don't think me going after Bush got me thrown off those stations, you got another thing coming, says Howard.
My days here are numbered because I dared to speak out against the Bush administration and say that the religious agenda of George W. Bush concerning stem cell research and what he's doing with the FCC is pushing this religious agenda.
And also the fact that the guy takes more vacation time than any person in ever. I don't think we can stop it short of me calling up the president saying, look man, I'm going to support you so don't do this.
The New McCarthyism doesn't always flow from the top down. The New York Times which has published my editorial cartoons for 13 years through three presidents suddenly ex-sized from its website on March 1st, leaving a Soviet style hole on its comics page in an orr-wellie in twist that even deleted the archives.
After two years of monitoring cartoons by Ted Raw, we decided that while he often does good work, we found some of his humor without in keeping with the tone we tried to set for New York Times.com, stammered a time digital spokesperson to editor and publisher magazine when any censorship comes out.
We recognized an obligation to assure our users what we publish that what we publish doesn't offend the reasonable sensibilities of our audience.
To his credit to papers Ombudsman wrote that he disagreed with the decision.
Those reasonable sensibilities at times in Cider tells me have less to do with the tone and political content.
As the most liberal cartoonist in a group of ten, my work through a disproportionate number of emails from annoyed Republicans adding to an already short staff department's workload.
It wasn't tone, times digital were sick of the hassle my source says, they kept other cartoons that were former objectionable.
Cowardist, meat laziness, time magazine was so afraid of the possibility of right-wing hate mail that it stopped running any political cartoons after 9-11.
The internet's become the tool of choice for the previously powerless email forwarding hyperlinks and blogs that John redominated by right-wingers allows anyone with a used gateway computer in the dial-up connection to rally hundreds of like-minded individuals to put in click instantly firing off fiery letters to the bosses of radio talk show host.
Carcunist and columnists to offend their sensibilities.
Here's the feedback form for Yahoo's opinion syndicate, a blog called the agitator suggests right-and-tell them it's time to drop Ted Rawls column.
Though papers should ever run Rawl again, Halls and Rusullivan, a time magazine columnist who also writes the country's most prominent extreme right blog.
I urge all of our readers to write the New York Times, here's another hate site.
Here's their contact page I wrote to the publisher this morning.
A few liberals try to censor conservatives but most opponents of the first amendment reside on the right.
Unlike congressional staffers accused of rather accustomed to the phenomenon of mass letter writing campaigns, aging editors at old school print outlets like the Times don't comprehend that they're being fooled and manipulated by fringe interest groups, most of whose members don't even buy their newspaper in a believing that these orchestrated correspondence campaigns reflect genuine reader outrage and so the bullies get their way.
The right is running scared. There was an economic schemes are revealed to be as fraudulent as their fake president whose poll numbers are plummeting as he turns to face uncharacteristically unified Democrats because they have no record worth defending and no ideas anyone will believe the new and Carthiarts have only one line of defense left censoring their opponents.
The question this time is, will anyone stand up for free speech?
Yes.
The question is, how many of you have been in the office?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
