Eric's got computer issues don't play me don't play me George don't play me Josh
It's all Eric
Oh, he wasn't an audition. Oh
Man, let's just sign off. Okay. I mean I thought after surviving yesterday without any power here for an hour and ten minutes
I thought that was pretty good and now it's starting off even worse Eric has got a computer virus up there and
He's got his usual whoa his usual issues in Orlando
So we have no bedtime stories on there. We're not gonna be able to get to put the first pull on or can you do that?
No
So like I said, let's just go home just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at
4.30 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances
turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces the post office
Recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be
Suspended that's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m. Mark it down
Tonight we are a country awakened to danger
And called to defend freedom called to defend freedom
This would now find it
But when you conduct all of them it leads to war
This nation is opposed to war
You're okay. You're voting you're voting
Wow
It's the end of the world. That's how it ended when I lost your love
See me I'm afraid
Hello, I'm Mr. Ed
Understand
My job is well when I'm constituted
Running inside the brown moon how does that mess you baby up?
Christ
Hey
It's just fine 1003 at 560 WQ. I think it's gonna be worse today than yesterday
I'm a little bit of fun with that yesterday. We got no show today
You know what I mean? I don't the start there. What was that all about Josh forgot the personal audition button?
Yeah, so that you could hear we all heard it
Well, that's great. I'm happy. I hope you enjoyed it. It was great
Jack Parris did oh
And both polls are ready to go whenever you say so what do you mean by that?
Eric's got the polls done all you have to do is say so when he'll switch them really and how about all those great bedtime stories including
The ones about yesterday's election and so on don't go crazy. Yeah, what do you mean by that?
I'll get them up is in short order like let me take a look on air. It says bag that is bush is blue dress
That sounds like a story from about 150 years ago, but at any rate I understand he's got issues up there
You know, we don't want to pick on Eric. Do we yeah, let's rip him an ass. It makes me feel better
I don't make you feel better to throw him an ass a big fat man. Why?
I love our Eric. I see. He's been doing a magnificent job. He had a little problem with that. What's that Yentah virus that's going on?
It's not him that has it. It's everybody else all ahead. Well, no, not everybody else. Do you have it there on the computer? No. Do I have it here?
No, no, no. Other people have it. It would seem to me that if he had the proper firewalls installed at any time it's his gun and the proper furniture and the appropriate
Underwear that all these things wouldn't constantly be sneaking into his ass sporadis you know what I mean? Just like that Japanese picture
There are a lot of things sneaking into his ass sporadis. Anyway, Jack Parr died which I guess doesn't mean too much to this generation or maybe even the one preceding it.
But some of us old parts like me he was the best. He was great. And you want to know he was great? Because he wasn't afraid to say what that was on his mind. Number one and number two he
brought all these these great people on the show. I don't know how the hell he did it where the hell he found these people. Right.
Although I'll never forgive him for introducing Bill Cosby to the world but nobody's perfect. Well, he wasn't so bad in those days.
But he had unlike Dodie Goodman and Alexander King and all of these. Just funny as hell people. They were great. And he just had an off the wall show. And then the one time the most famous Jack
Parr's story that everybody remembers from that era is when he got into the big row with the sensors because he told a story on the
era about WC water closet and they had the NBC sensors had a fit. And so he walked off the show and he left for a month. Right. They showed that and they were talking about that on whatever.
And then he came back a month later after they finally sued each other's womb and he started the show by saying is I was saying before I was interrupted. Right.
It was great. Jack Parr was great. And anyway, he is dead. And I would have printed out all the stories. In fact, he goes to show you a lot of stuff that I was going to do today.
I'm not going to do because it was on our website. But I mean, why go through it twice? See what I'm saying. Right. But that's okay.
I'll get around to it as soon as he's through with a couple of branches and breakfasts to get his energy up.
In addition, we're getting our daily death report, which I do like this.
Ronnie, this is bad. Ronnie Gaylord, whose real name was Ronald Freddie and Freddie and Ellie.
Single with the 1950s vocal trio that Gaylord scored 12 chart hits including three top tens. Tell me your mind from the vine came to grape.
And the little shoemaker must have been about Willie who continued to continue to perform with the original Gaylord's member Bert Halliday in the late ninth 2003.
Die January 25th of cancer and mean on Nevada. He was 72. So Jack Parr is dead. Ronnie Gaylord is dead and sugar Jim Henry.
Oh, no. Who? NHL. I never heard of NHL gold NHL gold tender for the abruans black hawks and rangers from 1941 to 55 who had rangered teammate Chuck Rainer from the last year.
He's the first two gold platoon. January 22nd, when the pegman at over the age of 83 and the least lost last night to nothing to a girls team.
But that's the way it goes. All you hockey fans out there. How many we got?
3rd man. That's a release.
Now, why do you keep sending me these damn pre stories? Would you leave me along with this already? No. We got important fish to fry.
Hmm. Practice. Since early last December, seven more people have settled claims alleging sexual abuse of the hands of employees of the Roman Catholic diocese of Cowington Kentucky.
Damn it. That brings the 39th number of victims that I see some settle with September.
So Carrie Huff a Chicago attorney working for the diocese. I'm discovering that drinker all this herb tea is like deadening my tongue.
Do you want to meet by that? Really? You never ever get Ed's tongue? Super hot. Yeah. If you drink something or eat something.
No, I'm thinking they're like super hot. But there's something about the thing in the herbal tea and like numbs up your tongue. You make sure you want to scream.
Oh, last night, by the way, your boy performed very well. He gave a very nice speech after his thrashing by John Kerry. Yes. My boy.
Your boy, your man. Why John Care? How whatever name is this week. How are the demon who does very, very well when it doesn't seem to make any difference.
When it makes a difference, you like, you know what I mean? No, like after he loses his ass, after he gets trounced like last night by 13 points, he calms down a little. He humbles.
No, I'm not talking about that, but it's just that he made a right thought or an excellent speech. It was great.
But maybe a little bit too late now. Oh, wow.
President used the word quote of five or six times on the evening news. He's talked by the University of Michigan Affirmative Action Program.
Not only did the most conservative Supreme Court since the Dred Scott decision to agree with him on that one, but the word quote to every politician and every poster in America knows is a race coded word, deliberately designed to appeal to people's fears, but they may lose their job or their place in university to a member of a community of color.
In other words, the president played the race card and that alone entitles him to a one way bus ticket back to Crawford, Texas.
How do you like that? He was really articulate and outstanding. I tell you one thing, his people are just fired up big time. Yes.
The only problem he's got now is there don't seem to be enough of him anymore and all that exit pouring they did come to find.
Let me just say this, misfudge. You're such an idiot man, Matt Fudge from his Fudge report.
See, his philosophy is if you throw enough crap against the wall, some of it's going to stick. So you just don't believe anything he puts on that website.
It just just a bunch of crap. Oh, Joe Lieberman sources tell him that Joe Lieberman is going to drop out of the race last night. Did he drop out? No.
Also, he's got big gigantic headlines on there about seven o'clock, you know, trying to scoop everybody. He likes a big scoop is what I'm hearing.
About it's going to be a six percent lead. The exit polling shows from his inside sources that it's going to be 36% for carrying 30% for Dean.
Was it ever anywhere near that close? No, just like CNN comes on 8 o'clock, breathlessly.
We'll play screen telling us it's going to be very, very tight and there's a polling shows that's going to be really tight race.
Just need to get this last pound to flim out. I'll be fine. Go for it. Oh, look at that yellow bright yellow the neon yellow.
The sun is shining here now. And there's blue sky and the snow is stopped and it's just beautiful.
Posty. It's like only minus five. We had a little bit of excitement here yesterday in case anybody missed it.
Okay, we better get right to this poll result for me yesterday while Eric is still did one with it.
Okay, and I notice that a lot of you are still voting on here, which is kind of amusing.
Now that the election is over, it's kind of a done deal, but that's okay. You have a good time.
Who is your choice in New Hampshire's primary yesterday? We have almost 1,300 votes. 1296. Carry 329, 25.3%.
I don't care. It's all bullshit. 241, 18.5%. Dean 206, 15.8%. So in our audience, carry beaten by about 6.5%.
Not no 13%. I don't care. I'm for bush, 155, 11.9%. Clark, 139, Edwards, 134.
Now that's interesting because that about mirrors the way it was in the election.
The Clark edge dot Edwards just by a little curly hair. 10.7% to 10.3% hours.
Of course, in a real election was like, what was it about 13 to 12% for Clark, right? They both sucked away.
Dennis Cassinich did better with us than with a general assholes in New Hampshire, 45, 5.4%.
Al Sharpton, 32, 2.4%, didn't even do 1% in New Hampshire because there's no shards.
And poor Julie Burman, 15, 1.1% with us. And of course, he did 9% which tied him for third in New Hampshire.
According to him, he said he was basically tied for third. Was he? Nobody just made it up as he went along.
Like most Orthodox Jews, like most religious fanatics, he just made it up as he went along.
Time to drop out, Joe. Go eat some halivan, have an ice life. Okay, go rub your titsus together, get out of our face. You went hadasa.
So anyway, that's the result. I thought, like I said, Dean gave a marvelous speech after his loss.
The only problem we got said more primaries next Tuesday. And he's got to win somewhere.
You know what I mean? Right, summer. He's he's got to have some wins, some victories, something to hang this thing on.
1013 at 560 WQM. We apologize for the incredible technical incompetence of all of us here on this station.
But then again, it's QA and it's the beesleys. What do you say?
We apologize. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are absolutely amazing. You pay zero closing costs, zero application fees, zero credit bureau fees, zero discounted points.
Get yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25%. A hundred thousand dollar, you pay only $334 a month.
If you have yourself a $200,000 loan, your payments are mere $668 a month. And don't forget, once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call them today toll free, 1-809-40-LIN. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move your next property without further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dock fees, zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25%. It's the only one mortgage and it's from financial group.
Call 1-809-40LIN for details. That's 1-809-40LIN to never pay closing costs again.
Financial group 1-809-40LIN, either in equal housing lender. Restrictions apply. Rate something to change monthly 4.21 APR.
My, my, and loco. This is 4.205 City.
Way to AM.
In the Banana Republic, baby, only in Miami.
In an effort to attract younger viewers, C-SPAN now offers a brand new reality show, Skydiving with Howard Dean.
Join Howard Dean. He trips across the United States, jumping out over some of his favorite states.
California, Texas, New York, South Dakota, Oregon, Michigan.
And coming soon to Washington, DC, Toronto is skydiving with Howard Dean premiering this week on C-SPAN.
Can 18 at 560 WQ and maybe we'll hear from some of the Dean people today. What do you think? Maybe.
Maybe if you scream loud enough, they'll scream back. I'm not screaming. I'm not doing that screaming.
We're not picking on your buddy Howard. No, Mo. Well, that that's the wrong Howard. Absolutely.
I'm sorry we're picking on him a lot. Okay, the new, the first poll is up today. We'll do the other one.
Who the second poll is going to be? Who, who, see, I can't even read it? Who would the Democratic candidate have to be for you to vote for Bush?
And we got on for Bush regardless. Mo Howard, David, it's you, Lieberman. There is no such person in the country.
Those are the first four choices, but we'll get to that later on. You can add on. You can tack them on.
But in the first one, just for fun, if the election is being held right now today between Bush and Kerry, which it looks very strong like that's what it's going to be.
Who get your vote? We got 20 votes, carry 16, Bush for and nobody says I wouldn't vote for either.
And nobody says I'm not going period. Well, that's going to change the stubborn passage. You're not going to get me to vote.
I was thinking this morning about, you know, like they're talking about Wisconsin, that could be Kerry's, I mean the deans next big stand because, you know, liberal and Milwaukee and not so much Milwaukee, but Madison, all the university students.
And I was thinking about the fact that there's a lot more activism on university campuses, at least so what we're seeing this year than we've seen in a long time.
And then I thought of the University of Miami. Yeah, or like Miami-Dade Community College or like BCC, you know, all these great Democrats BCC. Right.
It's a library with a big parking lot. I see when they do have a very big parking lot. That's a pain in the ass.
It's a nice park. You can see the dust. But at any rate, it's just another one of those ingredients that seems to be lacking in South Florida.
I just don't seem to be there. Now I notice something that's happening on my screen right here now is starting to get me really nervous with that on the on the phone on the.
Oh boy. Retry cancel that little thing pops up again. You know, about no connection established. I'm sure there is though because I can punch up the first call here Q. I.m.
Is that you Neil? Is that you? Yes, sir. I tell you, if Hillary Clinton is the Democratic candidate, I'm going to not only vote for Bush.
I'll campaign for it. That's the way I feel about Hillary. Is she running? I'm just saying there is always that possibility.
If she were to become the candidate, I would vote for Bush. Okay. Well, let's put that on here. Okay. He sounded a little bit like Reverend Jones' to me, but I'm not sure.
Now you got me convinced now everybody is Hillary Clinton. That would be good on a list run. Yes, excellent choice. Okay. Well, he just sounded like a real foamy voice, but nevertheless, you're entitled, sir.
I vote for her about 30 times myself. 51 votes now. Now they're starting to catch on. We apologize profusely for the horrendous start of the show today. I'm embarrassed. I'd like to just crawl into the counter here. Why?
I think even on the phone yesterday, I did a little bit better than I understand something. You're the only one that didn't hear it. In other words, it sounded fine.
No, no, I'd like you to understand something. If I can't hear it, then it doesn't it doesn't compute. I'm a lost. Don't you understand? I can't hear it. I'm a lost. I'm like a child in the wilderness without a road map and a compass in a search park. Don't you understand? I apologize to you.
No, no, no. Jage don't have to apologize. It's just the fact that it did par for the course. Everything continues. No matter how many million times have we done the show?
Not 30 million times, but no matter what is, we always seem to find some way whether it's in there, whether it's in the other room where somebody's been diddling with that pot or smoking it, whatever. There's always some deal, you know, it makes it kind of like bushly, which is why we're so big and soft Florida because we fit in like a glove up your ass.
Bushly, right? That's us and we're proud of it. How is those stories coming along, Eric? Huh?
Whoa, Eric, how's it going up there in Orlando, baby? See the one day that I trust him that I figure, I'm not going to prune these stories out so I can have all big pile of stuff sitting here like I always do. I'll just wait till the morning when Eric loads up all those good bedtime stories and I'll print the ones that I want to talk about. And guess what? Are they on there? No.
Although I do like the one about the key West tourist calling cops to report his marijuana stolen. You like that story? I thought the keys they would help you.
The sub city would come right down and help the guy out. And not only that, but now I don't think my thing is printing now either to be honest with it. I think everything. Everything technically is screwed up. I don't think my friends are bigger.
I beg your pardon. If your thing is in printing, try the computer. I am trying my computer and ain't doing nothing now. I'm trying to print this damn thing out.
Nothing happened. I'm just putting your power outage. Oh, yeah. Okay. I've been printing up a storm. Are you crazy out of your mind? Yeah, it's something to happen here this morning.
I think it's a comedy pinco plot as well. I think the bushes are behind you. Yes, me. That's okay. I'll just pump up my way along here until about 10 30. And then you can finish the show.
FCC proposes finding team channel. This is so sweet, man. Sweet. It really is. I love this. This is my favorite story.
76 votes on here. Now they're starting to pick up. They're starting to catch on. We apologize again. Okay, folks. This is not a real radio show. And it's certainly not a real radio station. Make no mistake about that.
52 for Carrie 68.4% even with that big pompadour, a pompadour, a pompadour, a hair cut he's got. And that was see the one thing like I told him before the show about Carrie is he's got the donkey teeth.
And when you're going to be the Democratic mascot, it's good to have donkey teeth. I like that. He just straps in your ears. I think one thing people will be questioning about Carrie is he becomes more and more apparent as the era of the nominee.
Is does that thing work? You know what I mean? What thing? That thing that he had that prostate that picked me. Why didn't know that? You didn't know that. Don't you remember you had prostate cancer here a few years back? Not following his prostate.
Oh, you are so out of it, man. I am at any rate. He had a prostate ectomy. Okay. And I guess he's fine, but I don't know. I know it's kind of a sweet thing to talk about. I heard from a case from a lawsuit that happened that when you have that done it, it shortens it considerably.
It shortens your penis. Yes. This is what I really. I better not I better not have it. I'll have an any if that's the case.
No, seriously, I'm not talking about that, but a lot of people have radical prostate that to me and they can't perform no more. That's the end of their sex life. They can't job. I don't know if that was a case with him or now. We'll have to ask Mrs. Heinz. Carrie, did you see her last night? No, she speaks with a heavy foreign accent from what she's the she's the heirs of the Heinz family. Oh, she's a crown. She is a sour crowd. Mrs. Carrie.
Ah, ah, Aliba. Right. Anyway, the government proposed a $755,000 fine against clear channel communications yesterday for a sexual explicit radio show aired on four stations. The second highest such fine ever proposed.
Then talk about biting your own. You know, I mean, yes.
I can't find anything. I want nothing I'm looking for. I just I just want to give up. Don't give up the FCC who chairman recently urged that penalties be increased for a decent program.
The station is all in Florida aired various episodes of Bubba the Love Sponge, a total of 26 times. The commission proposed finding clear channel the maximum 27,500 dollars for each time the episode ran or a grand total of 715,000 plus clear channel also was fine $40,000 because of record keeping violations at the stations.
The company is got.
Days to pay the final appeal. What does that mean record keeping violations? I have no idea.
In response, clear channel called for an industry task force to develop clear and decency standards for radio TV cable and satellite networks. Oh, brother, who the hell are these people killing?
We believe the time has come for every sector of the media to join together and develop consistent standards that are in tune with local community values said Mark Mays, the anxious president of clear channel our audience deserves nothing less. Whatever that means.
The FCC also announced they wanted to find KRON channel for in San Francisco, the maximum 27,5 for broadcasting and decent material on its morning news programs during the interview with the performers of the puppetry of the penis who were engaged with nothing else. What are the actors exposed themselves?
The FCC said the station should have expected the tension display could have occurred. It should have taken steps to prevent it.
Now this is, oh, I see on television. I see. I was going to say they exposed themselves on the radio. This was KRON TV channel 4 in San Francisco. Yeah, while we were so much into the radio thing, you know. I was worried about that.
I thought he was whipping it out. Right. Well, I just whipped mine out. Right. Look at that. Unless you got real good. I always got mine out.
It would just be the second final level against the TV broadcast for in decency. I hope this step. I'll continue this after the break.
I'll be going to be great. In an effort to say the rain forest because we discussed how this is going to be happening today.
We have the story about the Miami date staying at the mall. Oh, yeah, we got the story about the blowjumps at the mall. We'll get to it. Just just relax. We got the gay picture. I mean, a gay thing.
I'm a gay, of course. I'm Japanese picture from the gay porno, which I noticed that Mo was obsessed with at this morning. I heard about three minutes of his show. And that's all he talked about was this bag here in this gay there.
And all the crap he's going to get in the locker room. He's going to get it all right in the locker room. Anyway, 27 after 10 just erased his first half hour from your memory. Okay. We're trying to do it too. We're trying very hard.
Hey guys, last time you let's see now here right off the bat speaking of penis. We got this x-rated copy from the park. You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Try you pervert. You idiot. You tried with I.
Last time you looked at it. You decided it's way too small. It just doesn't impress women. Doesn't last as long as it used to. And of course we're talking about your paycheck. Call fast train at 1 866 fast train to start your new high pain computer career in just for sure.
You've heard months fast train can up you get a new high pain computer career. The demand this copy is the worst he has ever written in his life. It is so bad.
When you call fast train time that Todd Rick is a moron and you ought to take that account away from him immediately if not sooner. He's an invasile.
The demand for computer professionals continues to grow so call fast train today toll free at 1 866 fast train with seven locations fast trains bound to have a campus nearby you fast train off as you job placement financial assistance for guys who qualify.
And with day night we can classes that no excuse to stay in your dead end job no more. If you register now you can have your new high pain career in just for sure at months.
So call fast train today toll free and now you can have a big impressive one to a big fat long juicy paycheck. Call 1 866 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com.
The cyber radio you can talk to take it.
They hold the seven lights and talk and talk and say.
And find the way for thousands of hours in the fan.
It's too much practice and you're so late on the air.
There's a bunch of great brothers and cheat channel. You know, I was saying to muck this morning before the show.
There is no more radio business and I was right. I was absolutely correct. There's no more radio business. It's history. It's done
You can thank all those grave robbers man the FCC and all our good friends and a bush Winta for that
I'll actually Clinton now he participated as well back when he started the deregulation thing was before Bush
So give bubble part of the blame for that too
Anyway, cheap channel which suddenly has become very pious now is like you know
We want to find some standards now and find out what else all about so we don't have this happen again
I hope this step today represents the beginning of a commitment to consider each and decency complaint seriously and
Recognize that in decency on our airwaves is not limited to the radio FCC commissioner Kevin Martin said the largest find ever for indecency was
1.7 million dollars paid by infinity in 1995
Also the FCC last October proposed finding infinity another
357 grand for that open anti-radio show in which the couple was said to be having sex in New York St. Patrick's Cathedral
The head of clear channel radius is broadcast are not meant to be in decent. I think clear channel is in decent not just the broadcast
I think the company is in decent right if you ask me
Wait till you hear this we work hard every day to entertain not offend our listeners said John Hogan
Who used to drive at Pompeo Park and not very well?
None of us defend or encourage in decent content and simply not part of our corporate culture you're wrong John
Your whole corporate culture is in decent you're in decent David Ross is in decent a
Ronna Ross think the wolf or shorts whatever her name is is in decent
Lauri a soldier they don't come no more in decent than him. They assassin the Gray Braber
Muff was tell me that they got some station. What is it that they got in or in Tampa?
That they're rebroadcasting in Orlando. I forget which they say maybe it was FLA the rebroadcasting the same thing on am the whole station
Just like we used to be over there in four Myers
Bees these are no better. It's just that they don't have as much money as many channels. That's all they do the same thing
Just open up a pot and here we'll put and not only that but when we used to be on in four Myers the station breaks used to be WQAM
And whatever you know what's the sense in that?
That's like the scan that WBC used to have in Massachusetts years ago until somebody finally caught up to them
Used to a repeater transmitter in Springfield so they cover the Western half of the state
So the station breaks used to be WBC and WBCA Spring Boston Springfield
Well, what kind of a scam is that? Hey, who are you to question? Yeah, right?
Just a mishmuck
The latest finds came a debut for congressional hearing on obscenity prompted by the FCC enforcement bureau's decision
Not to find watch star Bono for an ex-explo developer that in BC during the Golden Globe Awards show last year
The lead singer of the Irish Iraq group you two said this is really really fukin brilliant
The bureau said Bono's comments were not in decent or obscene because the way the word was used well. There you go
Now wait a minute. You wait till you hear this with all the stuff that's going on in the world today
Okay, it's not bad enough that your president spoke about
Of steroids and sports in his state of the Union dressed that wasn't bad enough
FCC chairman Michael Powell has asked his fellow commissioners to overturn the decision about Bono
In addition
Legislations been introduced in the House to prohibit broadcasters for marrying eight specific words of phrases including the effort uttered by Bono
Powell is also rich congress to approve a tenfold increase in the maximum fine of
$27,500 per incident. He said the current fine isn't big enough to dissuade huge broadcasters for marrying objectionable program
And of course he didn't mention who the hell made them huge in the first place and is trying to give them more stations to hop up
We're presented a threat up in Republican of Michigan chairman
They house talk can make a communications subcommittee holding today's hearing as introduced legislation to boost the fines right
Get them. Go get them. They said crap man. Go get them. Take away their license put them in jail. Friday. They said crap
And it goes on and on and on this is America baby all the crap that's going on six more dead American soldiers in Iraq does anybody kill?
Not in this administration
All they're worried about is that somebody who put their penis out on channel four in San Francisco
In addition, which it would seem to me in San Francisco. That should be no nothing unusual right? Right
It's a bit simous with that
So they're frothing at the mouth here about these guys that were doing the deep in the tea room. Yes. Well, here you go
I guess I'll read all the names although I don't I don't know I feel queasy about that
I don't have any problem with reading the name of this Spanish language radio guy probably because he's a
Worst for stations that slice into the art diocese of my right absolutely. Yeah, he's probably not seeing that that we know that right
We don't know that but a teacher at a corrections officer were among 21 men arrested yesterday
And accused of exposing themselves and in some cases engaging in oral sex in the restroom
How back them of a southwest Miami-Dade
Camilla County Mall, which show we have unperfect authority was the Kindle Town and Country Mall
The arrest were part of what police called a continuing investigation
A continuing investigation. So watch what you do in the tea room
Police said the men were drawn to location by internet ads
Couldn't be on at cruising for sex.com couldn't
Well detective Lupo Jimenez no relation to Jose Jimenez
Said there's a website where some of these individuals can go into and they advertise different locations throughout the country
Where they can expect to go to these places and encounter other men. Oh my god. I can't believe that
Oh my god. I couldn't be cruising for sex.com could it
Police in previous years have closed down similar locations including the restrooms at tropical park at a bird
Eyes in Miami and yesterday's arrested the mall by mounting sting operations
I guess they haven't caught on yet to the tea room at the JC pennies in West Lens. So we won't talk about it mounting stings
Right, they're mounting stings and things
The name of them all was being withheld but we happen to feel and
Since been reported in the Kindle Town and Country Mall
At least that's what they're showing on TV in the background right we had an eye witness
Yeah, we had a fly witness
Most of these men are married family men professionals all walks of lives him and has said you can't imagine the kind of folks
We encounter for example among those arrested were Gregory Steven Russell 39 a Miami-Dade corrections officer
Antonio castrated a castran hour casted and what is it castrated
Castrated 54 teacher a killing high. Oh
Ramon Ferrero 58 a member of the psychology department at Nova and well-known Spanish language radio personality
Julio Armando Estorino
All have been charged with one kind of a decent exposure most were released after posting $500 bond. Oh, can I say it?
Say what?
What does that mean? My economy's just uh having a good oral refreshment. That's all. He's just Cuban
No, just Cuban my icon
Estorino bullet on
Estorino 60 is well respected in the world of Cuban exile politics in a familiar voice on the radio station
Radio Paz license to the Archdiocese of Miami. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right
He is on leaves at Archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta
Well, wait till the investigation is completed by the date police department
We'll see what the outcome of these allegations is for the time being he's off the air
Estorino was arrested last Thursday the other two men on Wednesday
No, those contact would come at yesterday. We can't imagine why says NBC six on their website NBC six dot net
How do you like that? Well, this is what goes on when people want to like do things in the uh in tear room stuff like that right of all the places
In the tear room at the oh, it doesn't say what store what just uh
Bathroom
Yeah, fair
Well, don't you like whip it out in the bathroom?
Well, yeah to take care of maybe somebody just maybe just somebody came along and grabbed it
maybe yeah
19
Tell 11
At 560 w.com how's that pull coming boy? We are so out of sync today, man
I don't think I've ever in all these eight million years
Don't assure where I felt so like totally out of it is this
171 votes the election night's today. We're imagining for fun between Bush and Carrie who gets your vote
Carrie 122 71.3 percent
Bush 31 there's that 18.1 percent again
You ready for that? Mm-hmm can't handle it. I wouldn't vote for either one 13
I'm not voting period five well good for you. Okay. You're gonna get what you deserve
18 before 11 at 560 wqa in if you're looking for an original gift for somebody's birthday a new baby or maybe for
Valentine's day
I've got three words that are guaranteed to keep you out of the mall. Oh stay out of that mall tear room too
And score you big points for Montetti bear
Just call one eight hundred eight two nine bear and a friendly bear counsel will help you choose from over a hundred bears
Personalize for your loved one and delivered in their famous gift box with a free card and chocolate
You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthday and burdened on the bit or get the
Well-dressed bear in a hospital uniform
They've got great new bears for Valentine's day like the love bandit and the all-star Valentine dress like a sports fan
overnight and Saturday delivery are guaranteed so call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online at Vermont
Teddybear.com show you care send a bear it's the creative alternative to flowers for any occasion your flowers are dead
No matter of hours the teddy bear will be going on for years and years to come call one eight hundred eight two nine bear until that old
Neal told you to call one eight hundred eight two nine
B-E-A-R
You might be pregnant, but not sure who the father is presenting clear blue sleazy the only pregnancy and paternity test all in one the pregnancy test given two thumbs up by Paris Hilton two thumbs
Wee
Clear blue sleazy gives you the results of the five lays earlier than those other home tests simply place the special DNA matching sticks in your urine stream
Then kick back pop in a video and wait for the results
So if you've been hanging around the NBA or your school football team remember the name clear blue sleazy and just be on the sticks to see if it's ricks or bobs
So Ricky's are Larry's or bills or that loser less Friday night clear blue sleazy uses directed
1047 at 560 W. Curum so that Bob that that Vimvette
What's the name solely that O'Brien C
She was on there this morning talking to some schmuck some shill from the at times of London talking about this
ruling today judge cleared Prime Minister Tony Blair's administration today of any direct involvement in the suicide of a government expert on Iraqi weapons
But criticized the BBC for it's reporting in the scandal that shook the British leadership
The government did not act in a dishonorable underhanded or duplicitous way in revealing the identity of weapons expert David Kelly
Said senior appeals judge Lord Hutton
Who was appointed by Blair to investigate the death. I think he was kind of like Betty Hutton
Lauren Hutton or maybe Timothy Hutton
But at any rate to make a long story short as the whitewash continues
So she's talking to this times of London guy who's obviously a big Blair a Blair liquor
And she said well now what is this hand what how does this impact the public's perception of the death of David K
Now you you that's exactly what she said
Now do you think there was like a little slip of the tongue? No, I think that could be I think if I'm David K the now back home
I hopefully safe under the table of the weapons inspector. I think that maybe I'm thinking uh-oh
Maybe I didn't change my tune quite enough
Maybe that's like a cebibble message there from CNN maybe I didn't change my name in my face and my address soon enough
Right because Dr. David Kelly and Dr. David K the last time I checked weren't exactly the same person even though both names are David and the last name does begin with K
As in K pass it USA
Yeah, what a cries. I'll get back to you K Diana
Just just amazing
What goes on in the name of uh, you know, and I'm also looking at this uh 17.7 for Bush
Nothing is ever going to change. We're not going to change any opinions. We're preaching to the choir
Did I tell you that a couple of weeks ago? What are we wasting our time with all this sub?
You know
Bush and uh this one and that one and uh
Carry why are we doing that?
No, seriously why are we doing it? I don't know something. Why am I doing it? It's your fault
You're the one who encourages me a lot because I don't I don't see that we're gonna change anything or accomplish anything
It's like light bulb radio. Don't blame me like your buddy Richard Purl on waxy
Yeah, which I'm astonished that you even knew who that was that that's amazing. What are you talking about? Why are you saying that?
What do you mean why am I saying that? Why would anybody else? Well, yes you did
You're joking now, right? What?
You said you would never miss a show you listen faithfully every day. Okay, Richard Purl my favorite buddy right after the Paul Wolfowicz hour
And Paul goes with the Heimer Kimmer
So I mean what what's the point? It's like what's your name all over again?
Wow, yeah, mm-hmm
It the percentages stay the same. I mean kill some good time. There's no question about that like this pull
We got today. We got two hundred eight votes in you know in a in a flash there, you know and just a shake of a landscape
217 look at that the votes are pouring in the election is today just for fun. We're pretending. Okay, we're fun and and just like this show today
We're just fun and pretending we're doing a show. We're not obviously
The election is between Bush and Carrie because it looks like it just might be who'd get your vote if you could vote right now
217 votes six say I'm not voting period damn it you idiot you schmuck you
I can say that's fendry right
Putz we don't want to get the FCC all upset now
Six people said that I wouldn't vote for either one 14
That's 6.4% oh hey, that's a complicate things
But have you been getting faxes from here lately recently like in the past uh, you know like half hour no
Okay, do you want to know why no I know why no why is that we're having building wide telephone problems
Well, you know what else what else I had unplugged everything I had to like
reboot my computer had unplugged the printer remember I told you nothing was printing before I got everything fixed on my end
Nice going Neil the early engineer because I was trying to make some outgoing calls and I wound up talking to some chicken
Power 96 sales who's also having a problem making an outgoing call so apparently all the phones are f'd up in the building here
Wow, I bet you I could take a caller right now. I was waiting for a phone test. Hello
I'm going to go. Yeah, sir. I hear you
morning
I wanted to have
First remind just anybody in Florida interested in putting in the democratic primary
They've got like till tomorrow at five
You gotta get the paperwork in two weeks before and if anybody wants to vote
In the democratic primary they've got to get down to their
Election office and that's why by the way to primary march nine
You know right did you did you watch it just if anybody I know a lot of people
Not on that pole just want to be
Ascorded on to the rail car, but some of us still want to maybe do something
Did you watch any of the coverage last night?
I just was squeezed all over the place sure did you catch leverman
Yeah, I saw someone needs to grab him with one of those big and just yank him off
To the on loosen his talus a little bit. It's around his neck to tie. I think it's cutting off circulation to his brain
He kept talking about how he came into a virtual tie for third
Right even though you know 1312 and he had nine okay
That's what you got how many percent you got nine even Robert Gryphon
Yeah, nine okay, go to like cover 13% to me. He's just on some kind of an ego trip. He's an idiot
He's a person. I mean, I thought he'd have the little bit of possible class
He'd have his it's bowing out last night instead of announcing the beginning of his campaign
Wait a minute did you say orthodox do in class in the same breitzer?
We're doing pretty good until then have a great day amigo later bye-bye. I'm sure this is nice orthodox Jews. You ever meet one? No, no
Yes, who's that my former accountant?
Rabbi Finneus Webberman who had a revelation from God who used to be an e to Brian sidekick and all of a sudden became a great defender of gay rights
Yeah, I wonder why that is he's got 18 kids maybe godly in oh
We got religion
Maybe that's it so you didn't get this facts about crazy legs
I didn't get any facts. I've received no faxes from you since before Jesus was just a baby
For this since before he was in swaddling clothes and the three wise men came down and said how's your frankincense?
They said Kushmore and Tahu's anyway, what is it or the doubt?
So others you can't facts any better apparently the the office phones which the facts line is one of them as you know
are ungapatch eat as they say in Ireland
Yeah, I wasn't able to call book of Brian. I wasn't able to facts. I'm not able to
Wow to call you mama. So it's a damn good thing that I can get and take like you right here Q.A.M. Hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Hi
You don't care I don't care no
Reverend Jones it's not
He's a source of this Reverend Jones character
Howie George
Doesn't sound anything like Reverend Jones it was Reverend Josh. Do you think that was Reverend Jones
What's Josh gonna say whatever he thinks yeah
Ha ha ha ha
Come on, give me an answer. I'm not that familiar with him yet. Yeah, see he didn't know nothing
Which is obvious by the way the show started today. He's still learning slowly
But at any rate that that was not Reverend Jones. Yes, it was okay. Hey look
Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, I'm gonna. Hi Reverend Jones. How you doing? Oh, not too bad. Let me bless the
Um, he's masturbating right now
Uh twice anyhow um
Squirt quirt. Yeah, have you seen the Rick the Rick Sanchez show? Yes, I did see it for about five minutes
It was the worst show I've ever seen in my life. I know kidding bro. I'll tell you what I threw up and then I threw up again
And I wasn't in
Yeah, oh my god, he was talking about Ackins diet and he just kept making these rolling things with his hands
He was like rolling uh waves and she looked at him like he was nuts and like what am I doing here?
And it's it won't be on much longer. Don't worry about it
Oh, I know where they shooting it out of uh, the carreza. No, I think they shoot it out of the Kindle Town of Country Mall in the tea room
I think I'll do it. Stay tuned for some really coming out episodes
Why is that you're still on here
Let's see Kindle Town of Country Mall. Is that the one on the corner of Valkyndal? No, a sunset 101
No, Kendall you had it right Kendall drive. Well, I haven't been there in a million years. Kindle drive and 112 street
Uh, no, it's kindle in the pike
Although it's pretty sprawling complex. What's the one in the corner? No, 107th and Kindle drive
I forget it's all like blends in together with me. It's like a blur
And nobody speaks English there anymore anyway. I need to accept of course sir any less except of course your countryman there
Who was his name?
Bugar bugaron. I don't know. Bugaron esterino
Well respected from radio pause, which is licensed to the art stices of Miami. What that Catholic Church
They just can't they can't stop the bleeding. You know what I mean?
Well, they can't get out of there even a gigantic tourniquet couldn't stop the bleeding for them
In fact, Mel Gibson said he tried to get a tourniquet for Jesus if you watch that movie passion
You'll notice that even the tourniquet couldn't stop the bleeding
On our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ
Was that just right? Yeah, I think it was good
It was meant to be 255 votes
I'm just not big into fairy tales and people who you know spend their entire lives running around
Pock and crap. I just I have no time for that left anymore
You know, just run another time anyway, so I certainly don't have time for assholes like that. Oh our Lord and Savior
You're gonna burn and hell
See the church is good for like condemning people and fomenting tremendous amounts of hate and murder and bloodshed
But also baking a tax free raising money lots of cash
262 votes
Carry 187 71.3 percent bush 49 18.7 percent you believe it no they're just busted my balls
I wouldn't vote for either 117. I'm on voting period nine look at that
Hey, Joel Lieberman here that number. Yeah, that's what you got. Joe nine. I mean fifth place, baby a week fifth a distant fifth way in a behind
How many earth of us Jews are there in a new hamster?
About 30 man
Hey, I want to tell you something we can all enjoy that's a pig out at the Emerald Coast
Welcome in the Chinese New Year with the Emerald Coast from now through February the 8th
During Emerald Coast for its traditional Chinese New Year specialties holiday specials include roasted duck suckling pig
sweetens our fish and an assortment of Chinese dumplings served every evening during the New Year celebration
With each meal every kid receives a traditional Chinese New Year's lucky charm or kinky charm if they like
If that isn't enough Emerald Coast has got its regular buffet lights as well
Stargimuth watering eating experience with six different soups then sampled dozens and zillions of suckling and entrees like New York strip made to order in a sizzling Asian grill
Along with the brand new seafood saying Jacques oysters on a half shell Alaskan stone crab middle neck clams jumbo shrimp scampy every night
And if you have room left check out the handcar prime rib their new Thai specialties too and like I always tell you don't I always tell you
Altun you'll never walk out with a headache because they have no MSG no cornstarch no crap in any of their food
They use only the best ingredients including cholesterol free oils for all the cooking too the buffet at the Emerald Coast features a full salad bar
The new sushi bar fresh room cocktail as well and if you have a crowbar along stick it near pants and stretch a little room out for dessert because they got a full dessert station
featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and a fresh fruit the perfect ending to a fantastic pickup
Three Emerald Coast locations for you. They're in sunrise pine island of 44th Street
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 160th Street in North Miami beach and at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke roads and Pembroke pines
Right near where they have all this radar traps. So take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now
Let the folks at Emerald Coast do the cooking for you take out delivery available to call 954
572 3822 954 572 3822 you can't beat it with a stick the world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
You
That the lord even loves neo-rodgers
Don't get in that Mercedes
Princess. I work begging please
Papa rotsies come in after you
You're gonna crash if you're alone no more rich guys for you
Oh princess
Is
Oh
Princess
Is
Gone
She's really going to a tunnel. Hello
He says there's no evidence that Tony Blair sexed up the report on the WMD
But he did say that they're still investigating with those or his fingerprints on a break some dice car
We're not too sure about that yet
He did say that
Michael Morse is this I can't read this it's too long it's on our website today great articles five pages
Maybe later I'll read it. Okay, if I have the voice to read
Okay, you say deserter I say more desert. Let me just read the first
Listen
Michael Morse's friends. I would like to apologize for referring to George W. Bush as a deserter
What I meant to say is that George W. Bush is a deserter and election thief a drunk driver a WMD liar and a functional illiterate and he
Poupes his pants
In fact, he shot a man and Tucson just to watch him die
You like this you think I'd read the whole thing not right now. Well tease with us now. It's so good
There's nobody like Michael Morse. Okay, don't pull any punches. No BS. That's because he's not running for anything
Oh, he made it running for his life. I think he's putting stuff in like this, but it's just great. It's the best
I'm gonna I'll read it a little later, but we got to get to that gay picture. Don't wait. Well, he's not gay
He's right. Not that chap. It's a bad the zits
Not gay. What is it with all these athletes? I got the bad zits now the Russian hockey players in this uh Roy Japanese
Kazuhi to Tadano stay right
No, no seriously. What is that? Roy?
I don't I'm not talking about his back. Don't talking about his face
He needs minor leger and of course the president's gonna take care of those steroids. Don't you worry about that? Okay
He learned a lot with a Texas Ranger. I'd actually take care of those quotas
After he takes care of these WMD's which right now he's still saying we're still looking maybe we're not giving up
We're looking until we find something
And remember digtany on friday said that those mobile vans those mobile trucks that they found with chemical weapons
So that's what they were used in for and David case it now. That's not what they were for
Yeah, they remember David K well David case and dr. David Kelly could be the same person according to solely that son channel brine
Oh, no, which I knew what newscast I was watching when they even made the point where they showed the pictures and then showed chanee's plus
And quoted as as early as last week saying right they just keep lying and lying and lying and we still got on our pool 18 now point
9% for boycy it doesn't make I haven't I told you that a long time ago
When you're dealing with the intransion at right wing people with the born again the Bible thumping the well healed
Whatever it is you're not gonna ever change those people we got ours and you ain't getting the keys to the kingdom back
That's that's their attitude
I think they could be in for a big surprise this November
Carrey 39% Dean 26% after that it was way back Clark just edged out John Edwards for third
13% about 12 and a half and julie brim and sucked with in fifth place with nine
With 9% for old julie brim and give it up to joe
Indians minor leager kazo he too to donno is asking for forgiveness for roll and gay porn video
Oh my god
That's right
He said one time mistake maybe he could go to one time mistake his appearance in a gay porn video in which he engaged in a homosexual act now
I heard moan gellie discuss in this this morning
And the discussion wasn't of course you would agree naturally that if anybody
Participate maybe no it wasn't on there was on uh i miss we remember we're listening to i miss we all we apologize
We're listening to i miss and a sports guy on there and
They were both agreeing that if anybody participated in such a film they would automatically be gay
Okay, so i guess peter north must be gay he said all the no-sustained is bisexual anybody who would do that is gay
Well, I disagree with that
Right there is if there is nothing is bisexual
I thought you were the guy that always said there wasn't no you keep changing the argument because you lose
Okay, do you think peter north is gay? I think peter north is uh whatever is peter north
Right although it's a little more like north north east these days then there's also a planeers asexual like uh
Robert Reaper
Right
The beast
Zach
This is your asexual station for the new millennium. Oh no seriously
We have so many people in a building who you could even begin they wouldn't even touch themselves. Oh yeah
That's true if their hand gets anywhere near it it immediately shrivels up it becomes in any there's like a like a turtle pulling its head back inside the shell
Although I did hear the beast was thinking about doing it at the shell station in the tea room which is by himself the beast is naysexual
To donno took part in the video three years ago when he was a college student sitting in the Cleveland Clubhouse yesterday
The picture said he hoped to put his actions in the past now you're gonna say in the behind but in the past would be much
I would say back back to them all of us have made mistakes in our lives to donno said reading a statement in English
Hopefully you learn from them and move on and by the way
I have the peter north video not in my hands right now. It's from many years ago when he was about 20
I would say and uh it's the thing where he he's with a schoolteacher
He's like a student, okay
Okay, of course you I'm sure that a lot of people want to know is he like a give it pitching catching both I don't
Both
But let me ask you this and see the video since you have it. Yes
Does he seem to be having a good time he seems to be having a swell time
Squirt-squirt okay whale of a time he doesn't seem to be having the slightest
Whatever the world problem seems to be experiencing erectile dysfunction not the least bit is my way him peter north
He could like rub up against the tree and all of a sudden like squirt-squirt while tree is wood
All of us have made mistakes from our lives to donno said hopefully you learn from him in move on
Shunt by Japanese baseball teams the 23 year old to Donald's son by the Indians last March
They think he can make their club this spring
To not give few details about the video which he made after his sophomore year at rickieo university rickieo
I did participate in the video and I regretted very much
He said it was a one-time incident that showed bad judgment
It will never be repeated. I was young playing baseball going to college my teammates and I needed money
He was young and hung and full of fun
Frankly, if I were more mature and had really thought about the implications of what I didn't never would have happened
To an interpreter to donno edit I'm not gay. I'd like to clear that fact up right now
In fact, I would like to say that to this audience. I am not gay. I want to clear that clear that up right now
You're gay
No
That's everyone Jones
Yes, it is
When you stop it all right. We did stop
Some of these gonna come there with a baseball bat and knock some sense in you
You know stop with your reverend Jones obsession. God. He's not a man. It is him. Don't worry about you
He just becomes so psychotic
No, I'm not. Yeah, he becomes spastic. No, not Josh does he spastic every time he thinks it's reverend Jones or not? Yeah a little bit
Yes, even Josh will say anything you know, no, no, he will not he's terrified to say anything right
But he admits that that you're just you know wants to stay on the show. He'll say anything you want to say on a show no matter what he says
Okay
You're gay
Like I said
The Indian set up the press session after getting many requests from reporters to speak with to donno
I wonder if he's kin to uh mark to dino I'll call mark and ask number mark sure good guy check so we should tell you what I've been
Love you mark. You know, look so good anymore. I probably no
formerly from channel six long time ago marked to do you know who else used to work at the channel six
my corve had
I don't know who that is you know who that is no he's a uh, well, he's I don't want to say what he the team wanted to address the issue before
I didn't say that you said that
The team wanted to address the issue before spring training starts next month and queer that clear the year
Tadano's admission will certainly draw attention to a homosexuality in baseball a sensitive issue that most players
Preferred up to what not even discuss. Oh, no, we're not taking showers with no fags right
That's what the jocs on our station would take of course
There's none of that that ever goes on that ever went on because it's too embarrassing to admit that they were taking showers
With a bunch of fags, okay?
And probably because most of the guys on our station were x-jocs like Joe and the mad dog
There were so ugly anyway that probably the fags never looked at them know how right not even a third back them sure
In 2002 all-star catcher Mike Piazza felt the need to hold a news conference to profess his head or a sexuality
After newspaper gossip commas existed that one of the New York Metz top players was gay
There are no openly gay players in the big leagues today the same as to in the NFL NHL NBA
I could give you some names
Tadano was one of Japan's top college pictures and expected to be a high first round pick in 2002
But after a Japanese tabloid published photos of men a video bit more month before the draft
Pro teams in Japan did not select and they shunned him like he they he had the very very enbubotic plague and
Let her see
The commissioner Japanese baseball command said you will not draft Tadano asserted the pitcher's agent Alan Nero
But this kid didn't assault anybody didn't commit murder if anything is guilty of being naive
Twice in a minor leagues last season
Tadano stood before his teammates and confessed with participation in the video
Which Nero said could be obtained only on the black market in Japan from a little guy about two feet tall
Ah, no hangs out of one day 42 million sushi stands
Today and you're really gonna send your daughter to Japan sure
That's a bad idea. Why just teaming with people there. Yeah, Alicia's tower above them
I'm sure head and shoulders and waist
Tadano received overwhelming support from players at Kingston North Carolina
How do you like that where you started the seed and later at Akron the Indian AA affiliate
I wanted to tell the truth to my teammates. You said in that grade. He received a lot of support
Now goes on it says
Uh, the Indians were not afraid of the baggage that would come with the signing him
They like them enough to invite him to work out with their spring training facility in winter Haven
Eventually they sent him to a minor league contract including a $67,500 bonus general manager march your pyro
Oi said the team decided to send despite knowing there could be backlash
We thought the upside was well worth the risk energy and time to support him Shapiro said
Tadano knows he may face fan abuse in major league parks like Yankee Stadium
Where heckling the visitors is part of the pageantry a joke that he's ready for because he says he doesn't understand English anyway
Neck the hoot you don't understand English and no way
I don't understand a few words eventually. No, no
1113 at 560 wq a m. Hey horse racing fans and poker players
Pompano Park has the the racing and card room has got the gambling action you want
Located just a half mile from both i95 and the turnpike
Pompano Park is easy to get to a best of all. They feature free admission and free general parking every single day of your life
Live hardest racing in the poker room is open every Monday Wednesday
Like tonight Thursday Friday and Saturday the poker starts at noon and goes on till midnight and the live racing gets underway
Not only at 7.05 p.m
Every Monday night two for twenty five dollar dinner special outstanding stuff at the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor
Every Wednesday like the night is dollar night at the track for draft beers hot dogs. So does in lots more
Every Thursday is ladies night with two for one during specials and every night at the fourth floor players room
There's a 7.95 plated dinner special and coming up this next Monday for boy the two market on your wrist is the night free spaghetti dinner at
Poppano Park you don't want to be missing that this Monday free spaghetti at Poppano Park and then next Friday
February the sixth poppano park will be celebrating its 40th anniversary with a special night featuring my good friend Richaw and his cap
Live music giveaways free prize drawings family fun night and tea card display and tons lots more stuff going on
That's Friday February 6th market down
Pompano Park is also open for simul casting every day seven days and nights a week featuring the best in harness
Thurbert Highlight action crawl across North America. Can you believe that on Monday night
In the blowing snow they raced the full card at woodline here. No they did
Pompano Park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for the current race schedule called 9.5.4
972
2000 by the way Dick Feinberg promises they'll never race in the snow at Pompano Park no matter what or check them on the web at Pompano Park dot com
They believe some you're listening to the hockey authority. Neal go well a word from Howard beans wife
Hi hello there
I'm Dr. Julius Steibern. Quite a presidential candidate. How it didn't you can call me Judy not judge Judy
That's a different risk I'd people want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with howie
Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I make proud for this and I look like a shame a pune
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much you know
Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of mischegas
For those of you who don't the capista Yiddish that means crap. How is a good guy though?
He's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him
I remember one time one of our kids left a cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was gonna blow a gasket
The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were going in the corners of his mouth
He went for sugar. I spent 23 years with the shagots most of the time he's a manch but on occasion
I hate him. I think my husband howie would make for a very good president
One of the things I'm a little p old about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV
I want to watch section the city. I got to schlep down to campaign headquarters
To the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color
So I'm no Jackie Kennedy hell if you look at me. I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup
I'm like a whisker away from being amish
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints
Anyway, Gazagazon that's here this for that to do this time work over and out
Before about a committee to elect John Kerry president. All right. I love it 20 at 560 WDQ
I am boy. I got stories up the ass now now that everything is working co-pacetic
Don't you find a little bit unusual strange as to coincidence everything isn't working
Let's forget everything is like all screwed up now last couple days first the power goes out here in the middle of the show
I got to do like an hour the show on the phone
Then this morning your facts goes out because all your full lines are out my computer dies
I have rather than die but I had to like reboot it then my printer dies which never happens
I had like pull out the plug and the anchor back in mm-hmm and you can fax me nothing and everything just keeps
I don't know my large intestine fell out right
I rack them just throw off the rest of my body. It's right on the floor kicking it around
Anyway, layer cake Mars Rock offers hint of ancient water. Mm-hmm cake
Oh before I do that because I want to get back to the pull result on here one look at it but
Cheney adamant this is one of the my favorite stories on our website today
Cheney adamant on existence of Easter Bunny vice-president renews assertions that Easter Bunny is real and is an active agent of al-Qaeda
That's one of my favorites great
Layer cake Mars Rock offers hint of ancient water. Oh, how do you like that?
All you literally just nuts out there, huh? All you silly people are gonna have to rewrite your bottle
statement after rewrite all your furry tails all your holo miceys
What are they gonna say and you'll notice what they're saying? What nothing right because they're holding private meaning
They're they're having no secret hand shakes just remember the Bible has everything you need to shake
And it just like at the Kindle Town of Confirmall they're shaking it and they're looking at
Huh is that how it's done? That's that's just uh what is there to say you know
I really feel bad that I read this other news online there in the bathroom. What's what's the come online
You're asking me in the tea room ain't well
No experience there I take an old pervert like me now. I don't have no experience in the tea room
Let me shake that out for you. Let me ring that out for you
Maybe out on the street corner, but certainly out of the tea room when you're doing the shake somebody offers you a hand
Is how does that work? I'm a little shaky
The most striking image yet from NASA's Mars rover reveals finallyers within bedrock
I wonder if uh what's his name was there Fred Flintstone and Barney
So suggest and maybe Wilma maybe Wilma was handed out a good stuff
Suggesting that the rock was formed by sediment swept down by ancient waters the lead scientist for the mission city yesterday. Oh
God when the hell does this finally go away
Eventually when you die
Hank City had it for three weeks. It's all from that QA building now did the duck you're right on it that they got the air quality got coming in
Wonderful layer cake structure here. Oh, don't tell the beast that he'll eat it
Said doctors Steven W's squares professional professor of astronomy at Cornell the Mars missions principal science investigator
It's going to be fascinating beyond words to get up close and personal with all of these things is what he said
So the fact that they have these layers
Of rock right
Indicates of course the presence of water because it's so you know, it's uh sediment right upon sediment
Lear upon layer. Don't get said a mental about it. Okay
So here you go water on Mars at least there once once upon a time was and that means life some kind of life, okay
Which is really amazing, which means more than here. I like this story al franken knockdown Dean Hickler
Do you see this story? No
Why is cracking funny man al franken on this would have been let's see on Monday
Thought he slammed the demonstrator to the ground after the man tried to shout down governor Howard Dean
How do you like that? I like it a lot you go and you have to be a real man to shout down
Dr. Dean
The tussle of franken's trademark thick rim glasses broken, but he said he was not injured
Franken who seemed in the state is shocking out of breath after the incident was held back to his feet by several people to watch the tussle
Police arrived soon after I got down low and took his legs out said franken afterward
And then what they said in the tea room at Kindle time to cut him all I got down low
Franken said he's not packing Dean but merely wanted to protect him right of people to speak freely
I would have done it if he was a Dean supporter at a carry rally he said
He said I'm neutral in this race, but I'm for freedom of speech
Which means people should be able to assemble and speak without being shouted down, you know, I mean
The trouble started when several supporters of fringe presidential candidate Lyndon LaRouche began shouting accusations at Dean
Franken emerged from the crowd and charged one male protester
Grading with a bear hug from behind and slamming him out of the floor. Oh, I like it
I was a wrestler franken said to me I used a wrestling move probably a full Nelson if you catch my grip
Not great good old Al Franken man didn't know he had it in him. He did
He's a real man and he got out kind of boring
I like his book, but he's kind of boring to listen. Yes, nevertheless. Oh speaking of real man Quebec court rules that Quebec gaze should be allowed to marry immediately
I
Quebec homosexual should have the same rights as gays and Ontario and British Columbia should be allowed to legally marry lawyers for the same sex couple to the court Monday
The issue in Quebec is no different than anywhere else in Canada
colon-urving told the Quebec court of appeal in this day gay in this gay and age
It is no longer acceptable to sing a loud gaze
The court is being asked to rule under decision by the Quebec Superior Court that the definition of marriage is discriminatory and unjustified
Some religious groups of chorus religious groups are seeking to appeal the September
2002 ruling by Justice Louise Lemelon that said that opposite sex definition of marriage was unjustified under the charter of rights and freedoms
So in other words the courts have cut the crap mind your own business get a life
Makes sense to me right now
Now a while ago you were starting to read a fact. Oh, and now the facts are actually coming through now
good
What was the one you were starting to read before
I'm about crazy legs
Oh, I got it right now it came through
Is that the one you were getting into?
That's the one that I mentioned just as I was
Crazy legs hers is dead
Rest in peace you won't see them crazy legs running no more
Oh, do you remember him? No
I do
It was a hall of flamer
Oh, we'll get to all of that
We got a lot of stuff. We got the story about the Kiwis tourists
And how the facts is are starting to come through like the one from Carl and Miami Springs smoking your own dope
Ha, this is a good fact. It is a good stuff coming up in spite of all of our technical incompetence
In fact, we're proud of the QA and we like it. We're different
We know that we're happy. No, we're but no we we like it. We're different. We should start doing like this every day
You know, we're probably gonna 20-year all right. They love everything screwed up and playing like
Stuff that we didn't really mean to play
What should be perfect there, right? Huh? Why should our lives be perfect? Right make them feel better about themselves
Oh, you see there like all screwed up over there. I feel much better
Let's be all screwed up together like let's go to the Kindle town to cut you mom. What do you say? Huh?
No, let's hang out there. I'll wait up
26 past 11 at 560 WQ. I'm telling you westland JC pennies T-room
You're here. That's where your people are hanging out. No, that's right now
That's what they're doing
All yours whatever they speak all your people they speak the same language
Pulling on these right. Never have to pull it on the in cheese
No, 27 at 560 WQ if your hair is gone down the tank
It's not coming back. It's not gonna all of a sudden you're gonna wake up one day and it's growing back
Didn't work that way the answer is call my good buddy Chuck Alphiri because he's been around for a long time
I would say you know how many years
I think that's close to being correct in fact after 30 days
Of wearing Charlie's natural headline system if you're not ecstatic if you're not getting like lots of grabs and squeezes and feels
If they're not begging for you to show up in the T-room then Charlie give you your money back
That's correct
You have nothing to lose but that bald spot because like I said Charlie gives it a guarantee
So call today and look like a manch look younger and better than you ever thought you could again
Like what's your name would say dr. Judy a Dean look like a real manch
Shane a plenum
If you mentioned Judy Dean when you call orniel raj
You'll save it actually two or bucks off the already reasonable price of Charlie's unbeatable unmatchable
Natural hairline system
So forget about the massey looking wigs in the muskrats and the holes in the head and that Dennis
Consonant look at just ain't flying right now call Charles affyery tool free at 1 800
321 24 13 and get you a great looking head of hair
1 800 321 24 13 or log onto that website Charles affyery.com
That's what I'm talking about
When you can throw the you can chew it you can really tell it to you it's gonna be fine
5 5 5 5
When you can sing it in a song it's gonna be in a bomb
So be 5 5 5 5
Well it's an easy stage and that's super the nation
So be 5 5 5 5 5 let's go
Let's go smell some fire
Oh! Let's go smell some fire
Here you go
Let's go smell some fire
Yeah, let's go smell some fire
Yeah
Come on
Let's go smell some fire
Well there was evil cow and the new bow he was smoking 5 5 5 5
Well there's a black crow and a giant big cry
So be 5 5 5 5 5
This is me and our example
You can't be smoking 5 5 5 5 5
Let's go
Let's go smell some fire
Oh!
Let's go smell some fire
Oh!
Let's go smell some fire
Let's go smell some fire
Raw!
I'm a righ
Let's go smell some fire
Let's go do that
w
Everybody nervous
So loud
Everybody
Well, there's both these words here, but I forgot them because I spoke too much fine.
I went to a lot of blues and everybody out there was spoken fine.
I saw flying, building, and the red actually better approach.
And it was more quick than it was.
Let's go, Spotify!
Let's go, Spotify!
You've turned.
Let's go, Spotify!
Let's go, Spotify!
God, my, let's go, Spotify!
Let's go!
Twenty-seven till noon at five sixty W.
You see how many joints are going to be legal here pretty soon?
About thirty men!
Anyway, I'll be right up.
Thanks very much, Jim and Atlanta.
He says you are once again.
Absolutely correct.
So, in regard to the radio business is dead Jim.
It's history.
It's dead meat.
Here's yet another example of our broadcast.
There's no longer operate in the pubic interest.
This is from the Chicago Sun Times.
Mayor Daily may have obliterated Meg's field last year, but now Clear Channel Radio wants
to wipe out all hair airport, at least from all of its traffic reports.
You people are Clear Channel Man.
You make me sick.
You make us all want to puke.
You're a bunch of grave robbers.
You're a bunch of bastards.
We hate you.
We despise you.
If there was anybody else we could go work for, believe me, but we can't.
In a movement that is enraged in the Paul Staphyr's at all seven Clear Channel stations
in Chicago, the company is ordering its on-air talent to stop reporting Kennedy Expressway
travel times to O'Hare, the landmark endpoint familiar to generations of motorists.
Thanks to a year-long marketing agreement with Allstate Arena, the first under Clear
Channel's Traffic Destination Rights Program, travel times that have reported from downtown
to the Allstate Arena, rather than to O'Hare starting next week.
The concert sports and venue facility, formerly known as the Rosemont Horizon, is located
near O'Hare in northwest suburban Rosemont.
The Edith came in a memo this week from Barry Butler, General Sales Manager for Clear
Channel Traffic, Chicago.
Butler declined to say how much Allstate Arena was paying for the product placement
plugs in traffic reports.
Quite honestly, for commuters who take this route, this change makes much more sense since
these significant majority of commuters are not going to and from O'Hare each day.
It's from the area where the Allstate Arena is located, Butler wrote to Clear Channel
staffers.
By the way, all of the concerts that are booked at the Allstate are from Clear Channel Entertainment.
What a coincidence, huh?
The sinister implications of that corporate synergy are not likely to be lost on anyone.
Any time that we mention the Kennedy Expressway travel times it will be two and from the Allstate
Arena or for the cool people the Allstate he wrote, I understand that for the first couple
of weeks this will be an adjustment for some old habits are hard to break.
As such, I asked the marketing people representing Allstate for some patience with his transition,
he wrote.
In Chicago Clear Channel owns the top four stations among listeners between the ages of 25 and
54, WVZ FM, WGCI FM, WLIT FM and WNUA FM.
It also owns WKSC FM, WGCI AM and WRL AM if they didn't know for you.
No more radio business.
You got like three or four companies that own almost every goddamn radio station in America
and you can think all of these damn crooks.
Crooks and Schnooksman.
Oh, but this is going to make the radio business so much more diverse and give the people
some any more choices.
Now they can hear Dr. Rush on the right side of the dial.
On the left side of the dial.
In the middle of the dial.
At the ranch, in the pop-up toaster.
Everybody were coming out of their ears.
And on the bar of dial.
Right.
Wally B. Fax is in says 6.30 this morning I turned on the tele and the leftover channel
from last night was MSNBC.
There was IMS.
In less than two minutes his side kicks, aka assholes did two homophobic commentaries
about Tadano and the camera faded to Don with an obvious stage set and exploded.
I didn't stick around for the rest of the stories.
I needed to make a drop off in the porcelain pool.
I'm so tired of homophobes as Wally B.
Well, that's the American F and Wayman.
I guarantee you one thing they wouldn't put that crap on the ear here.
They threw their ass right off the ear.
One thing about Fag Canada, man.
We don't put up with any kind of that heterosexual crap.
You know what I mean?
You know how many straight people are allowed here?
But third man.
So just enough to keep the population going.
Those quotas again.
Right.
Or speaking of a pot, Key West tourist cops.
A call.
This is one of the grades.
Key West tourist calls cops, reports is marijuana stolen.
New York tourists call police to report that several items were stolen from his hotel room,
including some high quality.
The Haney marriage.
A weeny.
Yeah.
Jim Devlin, 33 of East Metone, New York, filed a report early Monday morning, according
to Key West police.
He was not charged because no marijuana was found.
Police spokeswoman since he had words said yesterday.
Devlin who told police he's an investment banker, also claimed 50 bucks in a watch were stolen.
He declined to tell police the amount of worth of the allegedly missing marijuana.
I only want to report the watch, not the money or the weed because I don't want to tell
you how much weed there was.
Devlin was quoted in the police report.
You know how many joints I say?
How many ounces he adds?
About third man.
Pretty ounces.
Just enough for the weekend.
A man answering the phone, Tuesday at the home address Devlin gave police that I had
recently been in Key West and claimed to have no knowledge of the police report.
A telephone message left to Devlin's workplace, which police listed his home number was not
returned.
I can't imagine why.
Devlin's story to police fluctuated wildly.
He told police that the alleged missing watch was earth 1800 bucks.
Then he said it was worth 30 grand and then three bucks.
Oh man.
You know I think it was really worth eight bucks.
Yeah.
That's what I think.
By, never know.
I've had people to play that again.
So apparently in New York you can report your weed stolen and they'll help you find it.
Right.
No, this was in Key West.
No, I know, but he's from New York.
So maybe that's how they go there.
He's better.
You can do it.
I don't West.
I like that.
That's cute.
Let's see.
Roberto says, I love your show.
Do agree with your politics, but I'll tell you what you are blinding yourself.
All right.
Robert Roberto, the Bible states that God created the earth, but never does it deny about
life on other planets.
God created the Bible for us to know the thing.
Well, if God created the Bible, it should have been a little more specific.
You know what?
For us to know the things we needed to know, you think that maybe we were never supposed
felt wrong to land in Mars?
You'll probably ask yourself in a sarcastic voice.
So if we were not supposed to land in Mars, why did he permit it?
The same reason that he permits homosexuality.
It's called free will.
I see the same reason he permits homosexuality.
Roberto, it always comes back to that, doesn't it?
Right.
Right.
As opposed to permitting people to write asinine, the faxes.
He permits that too, doesn't it?
Free will.
We are all alive to be tested by the Lord, but it doesn't make it right.
Says Roberto.
Well, you know what, Roberto?
See it, the a Kindle town of Confimol in the T.W. Room.
Isn't that great?
Gotta be just a joke, Roberto.
I'm sure we have to do just fun on this.
Don't you need fun on this?
Uh-huh.
Good.
Thank God.
Oh, sorry.
See you said it.
He said it.
386 votes on that poll.
We're just having a little fun on this.
If you wish we're being today between Bush and Carrie, who do you vote for?
Now, see this?
I don't believe the system for being freaked.
386 votes.
Carrie 278, 72% Bush, 75, 19.4%.
Does anybody believe that Bush gets 19.4% of this audience?
No.
I wouldn't vote for either 120 and I wouldn't vote period 13.
That's Danny Merino vote, man.
He's too busy, man.
Well, this TV work and is a dolphin stuff.
He's too busy.
Danny Boy.
And by the way, Wayne, you're not fooling anybody.
Yes.
Except for some of the sickle fans on the radio station.
You're not fooling anybody with that Danny Boy crap.
20 to noon.
Let's see.
What's the schedule look like today?
Well, I feel like we just got started here, you know what?
Look, we're finally just getting everything straight out of our communications, our
factions, our electricity, our whatever.
Whatever we got.
Mad Dog, it too.
Mad Dog, who was stoned on here the other night.
And I heard, and that was you heard from you.
Plastered from wall to wall.
The Humphers at the Super Bowl in Houston, 4 to 630.
We got a big game that I, baby, Panther, preview at 630.
That was a really a very unforetooled as lost to the Rangers.
You have a night, 5 to 2 in New York, the Armour Yager debut.
That was bad.
They'll try to recuperate against the Flyers tonight at the Macarena 7 o'clock is the
game time.
How come they're playing at 7 o'clock?
Is that like a TV thing, I guess?
Don't forget early starting time for the game tonight, 7 o'clock.
Hurricane's warm up at 7 o'clock on Waxi 790 as the
Cain's take on Notre Dame.
Kicks of Notre Dame ass.
That's the only time I ever root for the Huracans when they're playing Notre
Dame in any sport, like Badminton.
Any camp for the basketball after the hockey game into a Mark overnight.
Don't forget, Bassy Paul on Waxi 790 right after the Richard Pearl show in the
Paul Wolfewood show.
Which George is a big fan of both I'm here.
Sure.
Got the same Paul Wolfewoods.
19 till noon at 5.60 QAM.
My, my, my, and Lowell.
This is 4.2560.
The way you are.
Now, the sprint points back when you go.
You pick a dollar in the garden of a tattoo, Lowell.
He's saying, honey, got money for you.
But when you take him back into the private room.
For a man's job.
Man's job.
Man's job.
That man's a man's job.
Take your nose off, she insists.
I'm trying to hold her down like a tuna fish.
Taking up a safe roll of his fat.
You don't need by the spells, if you can't wear a hat.
Man's job.
Man's job.
Man's job.
Oh, that's fantastic, man's job.
Those who stand to lift me fat guys.
You know I don't make the ball been dry.
That man takes us a shout in the house.
We need to skip our chocolate power.
Man's job.
Man's job.
Man's job.
That's fantastic, man's job.
Hi, Paui.
11.47.13.00.
At 5.60 WDQAM.
412 votes on a poll.
If the elections are right now today.
And you got carry against Bush, who do you vote for?
Carry 298.
72.3%.
Bush.
80.19.4%.
You buy that?
No.
Oh.
I would vote for either 120.
And I'm not voting period 14.
And in all of your cases all 14, you were saying thank the Lord.
Thank the good Lord.
Carl and Miami Springs says there's a term called smoking your own dope.
It's used to refer to someone who continuously and incessantly purposefully
tells falsehoods and fabrications to the point where they themselves begin to believe
that they're true.
In other words, they believe they're on bullcrap.
As I said watching Jew Lieberman last night go on and on about how he was in third place.
It finally dawned on me that he's been smoking his own dope way too much.
Then he goes on saying how he wrote the Homeland Security Bill.
I don't know what your opinion is but mine is that the Homeland Security Bill is a
travesty and a piece of garbage.
Lieberman makes it sound like he actually penned a bill like Jefferson penned the Declaration
of Independence over three weeks in the June of 1776.
Listen to you.
If I want to live in Israel, I'll move to Israel.
But don't go bring in the Israeli goose stepping brand of security to America.
Lieberman discussed me says Carl and you know what Carl you are.
Absolutely correct.
You know what Carl you are.
He puts and nauseates me.
Does anyone in his or her and then you know the best part before I finish the rest of this.
Last night he was talking about how he represents the center, the Clinton night part of the Democratic Party.
Yeah. He's the mainstream Democratic Party.
No really. You're just making that up.
No I'm not.
He's the Clinton night.
He wants to bring the Democratic Party back to the center of the, with the mainstream is in America.
You mean Clinton who he was ripping?
He was right.
That's right.
Because of all of them stains on that blue dress.
That's correct.
Does anyone in his or her right mind ask Carl think that having an orthodox dude for president is going to expedite his own party?
Is there a solution to the Israeli Palestinian issue?
No.
You think the Arab state America now just imagine how loathed we would be if we hit him for president.
Do you believe that when his swimming in a sea of Israeli shekels and has one in his mouth and another in his rectum?
As he submits to the will of hardcore Jewish interest in America says Carl and Miami spring.
Don't forget about him.
Okay. He ain't going nowhere.
He ain't going to be allowed in sunrise is what I hear.
Crazy likes Hershey's dead.
Who?
Bad news.
He died.
Madison Wisconsin.
L. Roy crazy likes Hershey NFL Hall of Flamer.
Later the athletic director of the university Wisconsin died early today.
He was 80.
He's dead.
He died.
He got a natural causes at an assistant living facility.
Oh, that's sad.
You know?
Good thing he wasn't in Florida.
He probably would have died a long time ago because the new thing in Florida now is people just wandering out of the ACLFs and they just, you know, getting hit by Carl.
Things like that drowning had like two of those in last couple weeks, right?
Right.
Well, they did.
They're too busy taking care of other people.
Like Sheridan on passions who's getting the Jews big time.
He's one of the Jews over the Jews.
But now she's getting the Jews.
They got there to give it a electric shock therapy.
Oh, that's just that's just that's what Sheridan's getting.
And today.
Oh, yeah.
Poor Sheridan.
She survived a couple of weeks under the sea and survived that.
She survived weeks and weeks down in that pit and fed space.
And now she's getting the electric shock.
With that thing in her mouth.
What day?
A green thing.
The rubber thing?
A green rubber thing.
The tooth protector?
Mm-hmm.
Where the hell's the post already?
I'll tell you one thing.
Whoever's writing the episodes of passions is last.
The weaker so they must be read the like I said the other day.
The mushrooms must have really come in big time.
The good stuff.
Anyway, hersht out of natural causes in the assisted living facility.
He earned his nickname for his running stowels a half back in receiver for the NFL's Los Angeles Rams in the NFL from 49 to 57.
He sure could ram it before that he played for the Chicago Rockets, the pocket Rockets of the All-America football conference.
He became part of the Rams Revolutionary three end defense in 1949.
His best season was 51 when he led the NFL with 66 catches.
He was elected the pro football Hall of Fame in 1968.
L.Y. crazy life Hershey's dead at 80.
I know you don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care because you even know who that is either.
You know who that is?
No.
Okay. You do now.
You guys better get with it.
Okay. Just just knowing like who's alive now that's not enough.
In fact, I think that's what we're going to do these next three years.
We're going to talk about dead people because it pisses off my own.
Absolutely.
I mean, anybody can figure out who's alive, you know?
Well, not everybody.
But like Quasimodo said, sometimes they're a little bit more quiet and even white-laughter
they'll agree is the more cooperative after they take their last breath.
And like Roberto would say, their spirit goes to heaven.
Roberto, come out of the closet wherever you are, sweetheart.
He's just pissed off because he was passed over at the ball.
At the ball.
Discovery Channel Mythbusters just talked about someone who picked up WQM in his tooth-filling.
But after listening to Moe for five minutes, he killed himself.
Oh, it's big of that.
You notice how the hearings are going on the Armed Services Committee?
Dr. David Kay.
Oh, I was just watching that, yes.
And Dr. David Kay is starting to sound like he's getting a little bit nervous because it may have been not a sublimable accident that the solely had a brine for him.
Right.
Confused on the inside.
David Kelly, who of course supposedly shot himself,
but we have an article on a website today which disputes whether Dr. David Kelly really committed suicide.
And now all of a sudden, Dr. David Kay is starting to change his tooth a little bit.
Pulling on his tongue.
Call the lung.
When Senator Levin from Michigan asked him if there were any stockpiles, not just large stockpiles,
any stockpiles of chemical or biological weapons in 2002 in Iraq,
he said, no, we have no evidence that there were any large, small, teeny tiny, minute, nothing, all these things.
And by the way, if you notice how John McCain, the one side of his face now,
the one where he had the tumor removed, who's going up,
it's like a gigantic balloon.
If you notice that, he left cheek, chopped tobacco.
Wow.
Is that what it is?
He's got a big chon as cheek.
But man, he's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
Heechnut.
Girl's on McCain.
Hopefully, he'll endure his, uh, maybe he'll endure his carry.
Uh, it says somebody, please tell me the US Army Corps of Engineers didn't have Zalva Halliburton
of overcharging for gas in Iraq.
These are all the same towns who planted malalucatries everywhere to save the Everglades.
Vote MacGurren, acid amnesty and abortion, it says Todd Hollywood.
I'm a Todd must have gotten his part of that good show.
Sure that I've got.
Please play Pink Floyd the barber.
You got it Todd.
We got Pink Floyd the barber.
It's a matter of fact.
I tell one of those this.
I don't know if you put it in your pocket here.
Would you just relax?
I'm not.
I mean, you think that I know where everything is.
And when I'm there, I haven't got a clue.
Because is that it?
Yeah.
I got it here.
I'll play it here when I'm ready.
Like Linda Blair would say in time.
Okay.
How did you find that sofa?
I put it in the.
You got to have something.
Sure.
Because I knew you were going to take those discs back.
So I put them in the system.
I'm from rustic Mayberry RFD.
He went on to become progressive rock's greatest.
Yeah, we'll play in a minute.
I'm just giving you the T's there.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I haven't taken too many calls today.
And that's okay.
I think I'm going to read in the next hour.
It's a ponderous though, isn't it?
The Michael Moore article.
Oh, the might go one that started out so funny.
Yeah.
I'll give the T's again to in case you missed it.
Michael Moore says you say the Zerder I say more dessert.
Friends, I would like to apologize for referring to George W.
Voices of Zerder.
What I meant to say is that George W. Voices a Zerder and election thief,
a drug driver, a WMD liar, and a functional illiterate.
And he poops in his pants.
In fact, he shot a man in Tucson just to watch him die.
Actually, what I meant to say about the New Hampshire last week was that
we're going to have Bush for dessert come November.
I'm always mixing up dessert and dessert.
I'm not sure.
I'm sure many of you have that problem.
And it goes on.
That's just a tease.
Michael Moore for dictator for emperor.
That's what we need.
A man with some balls, OK?
A big fat man, which is what we can relate to,
who doesn't look all that good, which most of us can relate to,
but who's got a big pair of balls and a big mouth,
and is not afraid to tell it like it is.
Maybe those gay guys could give him a makeover.
Yeah, we can have queer eye for the Michael Moore guy.
Right.
For the fat guy.
It sounds okay to me.
In fact, maybe we can get that picture from the Indians.
Oh, I forgot he's not gay.
Four minutes to know we can get that Spanish language
to the radio guy.
He's not gay, but he's just Cuban.
For me, for a new in a QM, we got the mad dog at 2.
Don't forget my close good friend, the mad dog.
All right.
You long at 2 o'clock to tell you how the patriots are going to kick some
Carolina ass on Sunday.
Nothing to be finer than to beat up on Carolina.
Somebody forgot to tell the Leafs that last night.
Hey, if you're thinking to find a new car or truck,
well, if you want to save really big, I invite you to visit
Armstrong's Toyota homestead located on US1,
just 20 minutes south of 836.
Armstrong's Toyota homestead is worth to drive to say thousands
on brand new great Toyota's.
Check out these great prices.
And O4 Corolla loaded, including air that you own for just 1290.
What is it?
12990.
You got that?
Well, the way this is written out is enough to make me want to kill somebody.
Just 12990.
And O4 came with air automatic and more, just 16990.
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra of the safest truck in America?
From just 14990.
When you buy your new vehicle, the Armstrong's Toyota homestead.
You get a free sun pass and don't forget these guys.
Where the first dealer in the area to offer free batteries and tires for life.
General manager David Richett and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you
in a great new Toyota 2-day.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference.
They're locally owned and operated.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
The service department is even open late with nights to late to make sure your service work is done.
Conveniently located at US1 and 2903th Street in homestead only 20 easy minutes south of the old 836.
So if you're fed up with those mega dealers who overpromise and under deliver then here's what you ought to do.
Called David Rich Armstrong's Toyota homestead GM right now at 305-242-3247.
305-242-3247 Armstrong's Toyota homestead.
Drive a little and save a crap load of cash on that great new Toyota.
My, and Lord, this is 435-60.
Way and way and way.
This is Dick Keney.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of 1 hour movie.
Haley from Rustic Mayberry RFD.
He went on to become progressive rock's greatest and best groomed artist.
And now all his best loved songs are available on one CD.
It's the very best of Pink Floyd the Barber.
Welcome to the machine.
Every Pink Floyd the Barber song has been digitally remastered in this CD box at that time.
Above the rest.
Money, get away.
Get a good job and a good pay and you're okay.
Say you could be a barber like me.
The very best of Pink Floyd the Barber contains all your favorites.
Like, have a cigar.
And if we tell you the name of the game.
Open.
We go ride the grainy trade.
Oh yes, I like games.
As well as this Pink Floyd the Barber classic.
Run like heck.
Say Barney.
Oh, they catch you with a back seat.
A try to pick Hilma loose loss.
Oh, Andy.
Andy's gonna sit you back to Edby in a cardboard box.
Oh, you're gonna win.
The very best of Pink Floyd the Barber is not available in stores.
Call now.
There you go, Palli North to charge.
Club 0-2 at 560 WQA.
I don't know.
Should we leave this pool up the rest of the day and just save the other one for some other day?
Why not?
I don't like the other one anyway.
You don't?
Do you?
Yeah, I do.
Who would the Democratic candidate have to be for you to vote for Bush?
Well, say it.
We'll say that we can do it.
I like, let's keep the other one up.
All right.
Tomorrow I want to do one about is professional sports ready for gate players to come out of the closet?
Huh?
That's a, that would be one of them on our sports station.
On our all sports and our very macho sports station.
Okay.
Very.
I don't want anybody to get confused just because of this show.
I think this is some kind of a bag radio station or something like that.
Ironically.
For the fact ship station.
Well, whatever.
I'm a homo.
Anyway, this chronic who was a fax in us a few days ago about, oh, do you, the ratings are this because you do want to just relax.
Okay.
Chronic.
At least the admitties are chronic.
And again, he's worried about the ratings.
Since you mentioned Panthers hockey on QA and considering that their standard TV ratings are nil,
one of the numbers difference in that evening slot between broadcasting a Panthers game and say the big show from last night.
Well, same difference.
Nothing.
Neither one of them gets any audience.
All I can tell you is in the summertime that Marlins had a three something at night and then the fallbook going from Marlins to the Panthers, it's like a one, one something marginal.
Anybody interested in that Panther flyer game tonight?
No.
Come on.
Let's get with it.
Well, yeah.
Tells wrong with you.
Our good regular fan sir Mark says I'm sure remembering when Matt Fudge jumped on you for passing on that erroneous factual report that Catherine Harris died in a party.
Playing crash, which we corrected within a matter of a couple of minutes by the way.
I wonder if he'll pass on this far more egregious error by douche limbaugh since it involves well known facts of public record from the New York Daily News, the Elisa Lipsi, a Karaz, a Karaz article, whatever it is.
Intellectual oops.
It says the vast right wing conspiracy is looking to attack.
Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for things he did.
Yesterday, Republican pundit Brian S. Wise who writes for the website intellectual conservative.com.
Widen the battle by slamming Vietnam, vet Kerry for opposing the war in Southeast Asia, even though he helped kill 21 innocent Vietnamese civilians as a Navy seal.
Unfortunately for Wise whose column was titled on yesterday's rush limbaugh radio show, he got it wrong and badly.
The long ago incident involved former Nebraska Senator Bob Kerry, a congressional Medal of Honor winner, who's today president of Manhattan's New School University, former senator from Nebraska.
No real explanation, just an honest mistake wise emailed me yesterday. I'll take my lumps like a man.
Right.
Rush don't make mistakes, okay?
Now maybe a few pills, something like that, but other than that, he don't make no mixed mistakes.
Just keep that in mind.
Speaking of the stakes.
Yes? What did you think of the mistakes on the Fudge Report? I'm going to say it again.
Jolie permitted not dropout. That's number one.
Number two, Kerry didn't be deemed by only 6%. It wasn't 36 to 30. It was nowhere near that.
Not 30.
Post to that. And all he does is he puts a bunch of crap on that so-called website of his, which is very ugly and black and white and grotesque.
And then what it turns to crap, he just erases it. Like I never was there in the first place.
Number three.
As opposed to putting out a correction, you know, like we did with that Catherine Harris story.
By the way, I just heard a story about her.
Did you? Can't tell you.
Okay.
Had something to do with the train.
Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Oh, what's wrong with Ted Kennedy's dose?
Not a damn thing.
It's like collapsing.
Well, maybe it's maybe it's rubbing it with Dan Rathers. Maybe then rubbing their noses together.
I think he got a better shot at John Warner who's on there right now.
That work integration to chat.
And you know how nervous David Kay is also?
He is sweating.
Yeah.
I think they, when he sat down, there was a three by five card that said,
don't say the wrong thing because the chair you're sitting on is wired.
Have a nice day, David.
Yeah.
Well, the chair is wired.
Oh, what the hell is that?
I'm wired.
And guess who's got the remote control?
I give up.
Cheney.
Here's Ray Denzel, Washington who says,
have either of you read the Da Vinci code book at all.
Oh, Jesus Christ, almighty.
Are you out of your mind, Ray?
I highly recommend it.
A real page turn involves the Catholic church and the Holy Grail a version that I was unaware of.
Great story.
Just finished dude.
Where's my country by Michael Moore now?
Now, can you believe that the same person would read dude.
Where's my country and the Da Vinci code?
Apparently that Da Vinci code is not what I thought it was.
What is it?
It's a anti Catholic church book.
Come on.
That's what I heard from my caller recently.
I thought you had some caller that read it.
I don't really like that.
I thought the Da Vinci code was to explain.
That's what I thought to.
The whole all that biblical bullshit.
That's what I thought too.
Because there have been so many books like that.
Okay, well let me set this aside.
In fact, what I'll do is I'm going to the books through I'll look it up.
There you go.
I'll take a puket.
I'll leave through it and see if it's something I want to entertain.
And I mean, if it's some of that crap,
oh, you don't want to read something you disagree with, right?
I mean, if it's that ridiculous.
If it has any of the religious bullshit in it,
I'm not wasting my time with it, right?
Life is too short for stupid baby crap.
Once you get past the age of five,
sandy claws, the tooth fairy,
the Easter bunny, other than Dick Cheney,
who thinks the Easter bunny is dangerous
and has weapons of mass destruction.
He has eggs of mass destruction.
I hear their Easter eggs.
Yeah.
You just have to find them.
Right.
Right it down on your aristonic,
or right it down on your...
Oh, and you know what I forgot to mention?
This is important.
See, I am all out of sync today from the way the show started.
Have I told you that for years?
When you start off and you're like,
this combo in the beginning,
you never ever recovered.
In other words, that day just right it off.
Right it off, folks.
Move on.org.
Did you get your email?
Yes, I did.
How come you didn't mention it?
Because you get your email.
Why should I?
Well, I got in the middle of my pile here.
I got heavy duty piles, man.
By the way, Channel 4 is showing duty on here.
Have they apologized for that yet?
No, they're going to run a edit matter back.
Nobody wants to see crap on here.
Okay, nobody wants to in the middle of their evening meal.
Sit down with a family.
Turn on the news there.
And in the other room,
and while they're sitting there to their chat,
covering on and duchess potatoes,
look up and see a pile of baby poop in a car seat.
Right.
Nobody wants to see that.
We know what crap looks like.
Okay.
You know what it looks like?
Yeah.
And you don't have to worry about it.
Oh, geez.
Over the last four days,
something incredible has happened.
It's from my move on.org email.
CBS has received over 340,000 emails in phone calls
asking to stop censorship.
Clearly, a huge number of us believe that CBS has refused
to run our voter fund,
while allowing the Bush White House to run an advocacy
out of its own is just plain wrong.
And you are absolutely correct, sir.
Columnists and editorial pages are writing about it
and on Monday, FCC Commissioner Michael Comps issued a statement on it.
These folks understand that this issue isn't just about our voter fund's
ad and ad by people who are for the ethical treatment of animals
with censorship as well.
At heart, it's about free speech.
Now, you're probably not too unhappy about the PETA ad being PETA.
Man, whatever.
And hearty says that it's about free speech.
Huge companies like CBS that can relax us to the publicly owned
airways have to air opposing points of view.
CBS still refuses to run child's pay,
but together we can increase the pressure on CBS,
and through the power of the internet,
we can make sure that millions of people see the ad
and learn about the controversy.
As a first step, forward this email or the original message
that's attached below to your friends,
asking to check out the ad at moveon.org.
It's got all the links, all the stuff.
In fact, this goes on for pages.
It's got talking points that you can put in your letter to CBS.
It's just a pile of crap, man.
And of course, CBS owned by a viacom.
They're sucking up to the Bush people because it's all about the FCC
and it's all about allowing them, you know,
pushing through that legislation in spite of the Democratic opposition
to try to force the hand of all the rest of us
to sit back and be raped even yet again by the big conglomerates.
So they can own more and more stations.
They can own newspapers in the same markets.
And pretty soon, you'll have four companies that own every goddamn radio,
television newspaper in America,
plus your pop-up toast, you'll have the same propaganda on it,
and your microwave too.
And the public sits back and,
but more and more are catching on,
which is why we had that record-breaking turnout in New Hampshire yesterday.
Yes.
While we double last year,
the four years ago, it was turned out in Iowa at the Caucasus
because, and they're trying to make a startling catch on.
Oh, something's going on here.
Wow. Something is really heavy-duty going on.
There's a passionate,
and did you see the questions they asked,
the exit pulling in New Hampshire?
No.
And like more than two-thirds,
I think it was 71% were opposed to the war in Iraq.
Oh, that? Yeah, it's all the report.
All those things about the economy is two-thirds that it's going
in a wrong direction. We're in the Schmidt House economically.
They're not pulling anybody with this Wall Street crap,
which can be easily manipulated by their millionaire and billionaire friends.
No, they're not buying that.
And of course, by the jerks at CNBC,
who aren't business-detribled,
will penalty you a bunch of crap.
Because if they penalty a more crap,
and the market goes up,
then more suckers will win it by more crap,
and that increases their ratings.
Not to mention, of course, that CNBC is owned by NBC,
which a general electric can also just like Viacom,
got their head off the FCC's ass.
Pretty damn dangerous, man.
It's pretty a scary radio business where out of business,
this is one of your few places, man.
And that's why, see, I think that some of these bush people,
they want me to think that we're just spinning our wheels
and wheels in our time.
So we'll stop talking about it.
Right. Just like the ones that fax in.
Oh, Jean, you know, we like so much better
when you're not talking about politics.
And this is really porn and we're saying,
and we might, you know, don't worry.
All you other people out there with your titty crap,
we'll have all the pictures out there pretty soon.
When's Miguel coming in with that stuff, by the way?
I don't know. I haven't seen him today.
About the Hot Couples contest.
That's going to be starting again this week.
So those of you who only go to our website to look at the cartoons
and funny pictures and naked pictures,
we got some post-anaked pictures coming soon, man.
They're coming soon.
Squirtin' for you.
You will be too.
If your carpets look like somebody had an accident on them,
regardless of whether it was watching Channel 4 or not,
here's the answer for you.
Call my good friends at Drive Concepts,
because they're the best in the world.
They've got an exclusive patented method.
That's why they call it Drive Concepts,
because they dry clean your carpeting,
just like dry cleaning your clothing.
Nobody else does it nowhere,
and it's the best way to go,
because they suck out even the deep-down dirt
way down there in the fibers of your carpet
that you can't see with an naked eye.
But believe me, they really have pain in the ass
on your carpets,
and your carpets when they finish their look brand new,
they'll smell them any fresh, they'll grind a couple of hours.
You will actually believe that somebody just performed
a miracle right on your floor.
What was that movie?
Was it Endless...
It's not worth it.
Endless nights?
Endless love.
Endless love.
Remember, they were performing a miracle right on the floor,
and she was watching it.
Anyway, call today and see how I can say
15% on your next carpet cleaning.
Ask about being put on the stand by list
when you call Drive Concepts.
Nobody does it better,
and you don't have to worry about scams or ripoffs
because they give you a written guaranteed price
upfront before they start doing their unbeatable job.
I've been using these folks in my house for over 20 years,
because I know that nobody knows where it doesn't like these folks.
Call them toll-free, call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
You'll never press your carpets to anybody else again,
or walk onto their website at Drive Concepts.com.
I am the local, this is my city.
The radio is on your side.
Kill me.
Kill me.
We're changing the poll, Eric.
We're putting Dean instead of Gary.
I think I did it again.
I got really bombed.
Then married my friend.
Oh, baby, I was nice when we went.
So I don't know if it was until May 10th.
I might lose half my money,
because I didn't sign a free-night.
I told my lawyers, I got drunk again.
I was half in the bed.
Thought he was just in.
Oh, baby, baby, whoo.
I said that I do.
I had too much to lose.
I can't hold my liquor.
I got drunk again.
Last time I did that.
I kissed my dad now.
Oh, baby, baby, whoo.
I popped up you course.
Then married some door.
I said, and he loves.
From 18 to 560, now you remember Bob Goulacore has had that penis problem.
The term he was one of the first folks in for Viagra.
When I'm Larry King, talk about his limp penis.
That's why I'm thinking that if they find out that John Kiri's got like a penis pump or something like that.
Not good.
No.
Absolutely not good.
I want to change and that's all Eric has to do.
Be very civil.
I already printed out the first half result.
Just for fun.
Just because I don't want Howard Dean to get upset.
I mean, if you watch today's between Bush and Dean, who gets your vote?
That's all he's got to change is one word there and change it on the poll, right?
Right.
There you go.
503 votes on the first part on part Uno.
Kiri had 366, 72.7% in a head-to-head matchup with Bush.
Bush 91, 18%.
I wouldn't vote for either one 26, 5, 1%, and I'm not voting period 23.9%.
Probably illegal aliens.
By the way, I understand that they're going to have a voting precinct at the Kendall Town or country mall this year.
They'll be voting booth right in the booth.
A voting peo hole.
Anyway, the book DaVinci code is anti-church as this faxer who arrayed.
faxers it back.
Anti-church.
Anti-church.
How about your copy when you're done?
Well, how come I don't understand?
I saw a piece about it on TV.
I'm not one of those people that jumped to conclusions, but I'm like, I'm sure I saw a piece.
I'm thinking that you're thinking the same thing that I'm thinking in that side.
I'm thinking the same thing you're thinking.
Yeah, the same thing.
It's something that it's some other book, some other code book.
What's that?
What else could it be?
No, there was another book.
Well, this book was a bestseller.
It was number one on the New York Times bestseller list.
But then again, so was Pete Rose.
Well, somebody will call in and tell us.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I'm voting for Carrie.
Yeah.
Okay.
You're kind of scary.
Oh, that was Dr. Judy Dean.
Just doing a voice.
56670560, trying to throw us off the track.
Pound 560 on a AT&D.
And they read the DaVinci code and tell us what it's all about.
Maybe a little more articulately than Ray,
who's foaming at the mouth on the facts.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, how's it all now?
Okay, sir.
All right.
Listen, there was this one bit that you played where they talk real fast,
telling you all the crimes that push out, committed.
Yeah.
And the way that we get a...
No.
No.
We'll play it on the next break, though.
How's that?
Can you do that?
We can do it.
You can do it from there.
Because I don't have it.
Tomorrow morning, you can feed it to me.
Yes.
I keep forgetting to do that.
WDQAM Book Club.
Hello.
What's up?
I'm voting for Kerry.
Kerry Wood.
WDQAM, hello.
Now, what is that?
What is what?
What do you want?
I don't understand what's just happened there.
QAM, hello.
I like Bob Radio, I think you think so, though.
Boy, you're getting really weak, man.
Your lame.
Your material was always bad before, but you can barely speak now.
Go back to the cab, okay, Pally?
We got some Haitian pads.
I think the passengers want to take your ass for a ride.
WDQAM, hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
Good afternoon.
I'm the Reginald Veveran Jones and...
Yeah, good.
Blow out your ass.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, 9.
Not there.
Well, this is pretty lame, man.
Pretty lame.
5.670.560.560.
How much is that?
You have to read that.
Michael Moore caught him pretty soon here.
You know what?
Okay.
Well, we're not building a pool.
Do you expect these people have anything to say?
Do you?
We just had a big primary in New Hampshire last night.
I just asked a question about a book to Da Vinci Code.
I guess nobody had anybody read it to him.
That'd be good.
So we'll try to find out about Array, but the verdict is still out.
Because I can't imagine that anybody who would read Michael Moore,
do, do, or is my country, would be reading some pro-religious bullcrap
Catholic Church propaganda, can you?
No.
Not really.
WDQAM, hello.
Fuck you, man.
Like I said.
WDQAM, hello.
I've got to book in my hot little hand.
And?
And I haven't read it yet.
But I have read it.
Let me turn it over to you off.
There we go.
I haven't read it yet, but I did read a review.
And I don't remember the reviews saying pro or anti-catholic at all.
But let me read you the first paragraph of the inside of the jacket.
Okay.
This tells you a little bit about what it's about.
That's how it was a good place to start.
While in Paris on business, Harvard's symbologist Robert Langdon
received an urgent late-night phone call.
The elderly curator of the Louvre has been murdered inside the museum.
A baffling cipher found near the body is Langdon and a gifted French cryptologist
Sophie Newsie, sort through the bizarre,
sort through the bizarre ridgers there, stunned to discover a trail of clues hidden in the works of DaVinci.
So it's just a good murder mystery.
It's a fiction book.
Yes, it's fiction.
And I don't think I don't think it's leading one way or the other, but I haven't read it.
But from what I can take,
and did you ever hear of a guy named Vince Flynn?
No.
Okay, he wrote a book called Separation of Power,
and that was also on the New York Times bestselling list.
And he says the Vinci Code sets the hook of all books and takes off down a road that is,
and that is as I would say.
No, you give me enough.
You don't have to go any further.
Okay.
I'm not, I appreciate that.
Save me a lot of money, Paul.
Thanks.
Okay.
See you.
See you saved me a lot of money.
No, he saved me money.
That you would be borrowing it.
You would be borrowing it.
Sixteen votes on Dean and Bush.
Okay, the new poll is up there.
Let's see how Dean does.
I'm going to save that other one.
Did you save it?
I know.
Oh, don't tell me I've schmitcanned it already.
You know me how I like to tear stuff up like that?
I do know that.
But Eric will still have it.
We'll still have it.
They're all saved it.
Because I'm sure his hell didn't.
He can be manufactured to you.
Oh, that's where it's going to be.
It's not a floor, George.
One phenomenon.
It's not a floor in about twenty different.
Oh, don't be picking on CD again.
Just when we're starting to make up a new audience again.
We're featuring her.
Where is that poll, George?
Oh, what the hell?
So anyway, we had 503 in the first poll.
I'm sure we'll do a lot more now because we're going to keep this stuff all the way to the morning.
I can't find it.
I do find a Michael Moore article.
You say the dessert, the dessert or I say more dessert.
Oh, here it is.
I saved it right here.
Man, am I a genius or what?
503, carry 72.7%.
Bush, 18%.
18 for the Bushmeister.
Never then saw dust.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, buddy?
All right.
All right.
Last week when you were talking about all the low-carb stuff and the week before that when you were going about those bars that gave me the trot.
Yeah.
Well, I've been on the low carb thing.
I've lost 30 pounds to dance side.
Great.
Excellent.
Great.
I'm rolling up my roast beef with cheese in it and just eating that in no way.
Right.
It's getting more.
So I'm in wargreens the other day and I see these low carb things.
They've got a whole little section of it now.
And I'm going, oh, cool.
Let me take a look.
And I said, well, yeah, I've got to be careful.
And you'll set the sorbered taller.
I'll kill you.
And so will the malt that's all in the...
If you're allergic to it, it will.
Well, I've got a bad stomach as it is.
Oh.
Yeah.
So I see a couple of companies that just know the lack of effects.
Really?
So I buy them.
You know, they're expensive.
They're like $2.99 for these little bars and whatnot.
So I said, okay, I'll try a couple of them.
Because I'm chosen for some chocolate and some nuts.
I'm like that.
Some nuts?
Yeah, some nuts.
But not on my chin.
So I eat them.
And I'm driving home in my truck and all of a sudden.
No.
Oh, tell me.
I'm telling you.
Dude, I almost didn't make it to the head.
And every time I see this, then I read the wrapper.
Molta tall, sorbered tall.
Oh, God.
I was wondering.
All the talls, all the talls you could think of.
All the talls all the time.
All the talls all the time.
And I was holistic.
And I delivered stuff for a living.
I delivered kosher foods and all this other crap.
Oh, it's very, very, very.
And I'm sitting there going, how do I replace my truck seat with a toilet?
I mean, that felt bad, I felt.
I'm in my truck 18 hours a day.
And I felt like I was on the toilet for 26.
Don't say I didn't know how you keep away from the carbs.
That doesn't have a chance to absorb.
Yeah, read the labels.
Read the labels.
Dude, the tall, yeah.
The print was still fine.
My tri-bocals didn't work.
Well, the good news is you can probably film the sequel to Transpodding right in your truck.
Oh, Jesus.
Good luck, Patty.
Don't do it again.
All right.
Great job, son.
Let's see.
Oh, it's a thief spotting.
27 past noon at 5.60.
QA, you say Deserter.
I say more Deserter.
What a crazy new world.
We're support radio 5.60.
QA M.
Speaks from the Universal Rage.
And load our nation's earth.
We need less.
The freedom of conscience and religion.
And a race and dignity.
And every life.
If they didn't have to find two countries that are continuing cost of over $1 billion per week.
Stim the US for a plus and effectively bankrupt the US treasury.
Shattered the record for the largest annual deficit in US history.
Seven economic records for most plighted bank rates he's filed in N12 month period.
Set the old time record for the biggest loss in the history of the US soft market.
Is the first president in US history to write their office with a criminal record?
Set the old time record for most days on vacation in any one year period.
After taking off an entire month.
Presided over the worst of 30 failure in US history.
Is supporting development of a nuclear tactical bunker busser.
A weapon of mass destruction.
And is breaking the nuclear arms treaty.
Sorry, nuclear arms treaty.
In a state of the Union address.
Light it up our reasons for attacking Iraq.
Then blame the lies on our British friends.
Set the record for most campaign fundraising trips via US president.
In his first year of office.
Over two million Americans lost their jobs.
And that's when continues every month.
Set the old time record for most foreclotures in a 12 month period.
A pointed more convicted criminal's with administration than any president in US history.
Set the record for least amount of press conferences than any president since the advent of sales.
Presided over the biggest energy crisis in US history.
And refused to intervene when corruption involving the oil industry was revealed.
Presided over the highest gasoline crisis in US history.
Cut healthcare benefits for war veterans and supports a cut in duty benefits for active duty troops.
And their families in wartime.
Set the old time record for most people worldwide to simultaneously protest in public venues.
15 million people.
Shattering the record for protest against any person in the history of mankind.
Broken more international treaties than any president in US history.
Grown with the numbers of his cabinet of the richest of any administration in US history.
His poorest millionaire, Condoleez Alain, has a chevron oil tanker named after her.
He's the first president in US history to order an unproven, brilliant attack.
And the military occupation of a sovereign nation.
And did so against the will of the United Nations.
The majority of US citizens and the world community.
Created a Ministry of Homeland Security.
The largest bureaucracy in the history of the United States government.
He's the first president in US history to have the United Nations remove the US from the Human Rights Commission.
With two the US from the World Court of Law.
Refused to allow his sector's access to US President of Board of Tainees.
And thereby has refused to abide by the Geneva Convention.
He's the first president in history to refuse United Nations election inspections.
He's the old time US and world record holder for receiving the most corporate campaign donations.
His largest lifetime campaign contributor.
And one of his best friends, Kennedy Blay.
Presented over the largest corporate bankruptcy falling US history.
His political party, he's the N1 Prime Minister and corporate attorney.
To assure his success with the US Supreme Court.
During the election decision.
As protected as friends at N1 and Halibut against the investigation or prosecution.
More time and money was spent investigating the monocle of Winsky affair.
That has been spent investigating one of the biggest corporate ripoffs in history.
Going to most of the people of the US after the World Trade Center attacks.
And less than a year later, made the US the most hated country in the world.
The largest failure of diplomacy in world history.
He's the first president in US history to have a majority of Europeans.
70% knew his presidency as the biggest threat to world peace and security.
And changed the US policy to allow convicted criminals to be awarded double in contracts.
And that hits just keep on coming.
From Q56, it's the way that we screwed up.
That's all part of the daily plan.
Part of the ambiance of what's going on today.
Let's see.
This is from the India Times.
Okay.
Okay.
Will W. Dump Dick?
That's the headline.
Remember the guy called yesterday said that the rumor is not that Giuliani is going to be his running mate?
Yeah.
While Democratic rivals battle for the presidential nomination,
any succession of grueling primary elections, Vice President Dick Cheney appears to be fighting to secure his spot on the Republican ticket behind President George W. Bush.
The Vice President who's a parent moderation and 35-year Washington experience reassured voters worried about the
callowness and inexperience of Bush during the 2000 campaign is seen more and more by Republican party
Politicos as a drag on the President's reelection chances and what's expected to be an extremely close race.
The reasons are simple.
Instead of the moderate voice of wisdom and caution that voters thought they were getting in the Vice President,
ongoing disclosures about his role in the drive to war in Iraq and other controversial administration plans,
depict him as an extremist who constantly pushed for the most radical measures.
Absolutely correct sir.
How do you like that?
Maybe they're going to dump Dick.
That's what that line says.
Well, W dump Dick.
Well, then if they dump the other one, then maybe they'll have something.
Right.
Maybe they just need to eat some of them bars that this last truck driver was talking about.
They both do a big dump.
They've already been dumping on America for three years plus.
Let's see.
It says I really enjoy the men's sports format of WDQM as well as the behind the scenes reporting that takes the listener into the locker room.
I would also appreciate if you could tell me the name and address of the mall you were talking about.
That is great.
At about 10.45, I tried my best to locate it on the mat quest and couldn't find it.
Directions from West Palm Beach Fire, the turnpike would be ideal.
All right.
All right.
Yeah.
Which one of our sports people is that from?
Let's see.
Here's the fact that says Da Vinci code did.
First of all, W well and Del Rey and everybody else.
Thanks for the fact.
It's in the calls, but it's a fiction book.
Is there any chance I would read it by looking at it?
No.
No.
See the movie?
No.
Da Vinci code deals with these suppositions and alternative gospels that Jesus Christ married Mary Magdal and had children.
These offspring and their legacy are the holy grail.
I'd rather watch Monty Python again, I saw.
Allegedly throughout history, the church had destroyed all books and evidence of these grailed children, even including murder says W well and Del Rey.
How do you like that?
Even including murder?
Oh my God.
Wow. The church wouldn't do anything like that would they?
No.
Presidents and cardinals don't have people murder.
Who's being naive now, Spic?
Marty and Miami says, Paul will be a good one.
Well, sports except athletes coming out of the closet.
The first one to place his vote will be, boomerow Brian.
He'll probably continue by saying, when I was playing,
there were no gay sex acts in the locker room.
Please, he's probably the first one to throw in a complete pass with the soap and locker room shower.
Boomer, O'Brien, who's that?
Draskin, who's that, John?
I don't know.
I know Boomer, a syson.
Right.
But this one says, boomer, O'Brien.
By the way, Boca-Brown is great, but that pink Floyd bit's got to be the stupidest.
First of all, he didn't do that bit.
Uh-oh.
Marty, you were doing okay to the guy to this one, Marty.
Then you dropped the soap, right on Boca-Brown's bald head.
He didn't do that spot.
Please get rid of that.
I think Boca's really reaching now.
Why he may be reaching for like a shotgun to throw your crap away, because he didn't do that bit?
I don't like it that much either.
In fact, I only played because somebody asked for it.
I'm trying to be like a nice guy.
Not the usual bastard that I am, but just trying to be a nice guy and help people get through the day.
That's all we do.
We're not going to make no changes in life.
Are we?
No.
But, I will tell you this, we are tracing everybody to votes on our polls for Bush.
And come election day, man.
We're going to be guarding your doorway.
You're not going to be able to get it.
Right.
We have theirs.
Right.
91 votes.
Now the election is between Dean and Bush.
Got it?
Got it.
Between Dean of the I have a screen speech.
65, 71.4%, Bush 11, 12%.
Now, why is that?
I don't know.
Maybe the Bush people haven't figured out that we reset the poll and they haven't come back yet.
I wouldn't vote for either 110.
And I'm not voting period 5.
I think that we've been freaked earlier.
I think that about 11 is the right percentage.
Oh, no, no.
I think they get, yeah.
We never get freaked.
I think we're getting freaking freaked is what I think.
I don't like that.
We're getting freaked.
But that's right.
We can't say freaked on here anymore.
That's what the Michael cops just said.
We got the cops listed now.
Like a PC.
You'll just have to cops to play.
Let's do the break a little bit early because how long is it going to take me forever to read this thing?
And I apologize because I don't have, I got about 90% of my voice back from this nasty.
Cool.
It's the flu.
I feel fine.
Really?
And I know it's just not even all that stuffy.
But you know how it like hangs into your throat?
Yeah.
Your nose hangs in your throat.
It hangs into your throat.
What you would know.
But I know.
I've heard about those things.
21 to 1 at 560 Q.A.M.
Why do I keep doing that?
I know.
This is 20 or 560.
Q.A.M.
Absolutely.
Don't like all the hard burn.
Don't know, don't every time I see.
Don't know, don't know.
That's retarded him, which.
Don't know, don't know.
I've seen he.
He's president of the ****.
Rapalthe kid bustled in an arching of an idiot.
I don't know why they were just wantons young.
But now he's here.
First grown to them for years.
With president of ****.
Oh, what I did to the vote was more.
And get to we voted for one.
Here you want this.
Don't know, don't live strumming stupidly.
Don't know, don't live strumming stupidly.
Don't know, don't live strumming stupidly.
He's president of ****.
You don't care what I'm talking.
You got him in my hooker, and you're the christian.
I know what you're talking.
You and I, but how no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With president.
24 16 till one.
We got mad dog.
You two the hunger from the Super Bowl and Houston and four.
And then we got the 6 30 Panther preview Panthers and Philly don't forget game times at 7 o'clock tonight.
On Waxy 7 90 we got her at Cooomba basketball against Notre Dame 80 K after all that and join Mark overnight.
And then the morning it's absolutely well, the unspeakable one.
Michael Morris says you say the Zrder I say more dessert friends.
I would like to apologize for referring to George W. Bush as a desserter.
What I meant to say is that George W. Bush is a desserter and election thief, a drunk driver, a W.M.D. liar, and a functional illiterate.
And he poops his pants.
In fact, he shot a man in Tucson just to watch him die.
Actually, what I meant to say up a new Hampshire last week was that we're going to have Bush for dessert come November.
I'm always mixing up dessert and desert.
I'm sure many of you have that problem.
Well, well, as George W. would say, it's time to smoke him out of their hole.
Thanks to my humorous introduction of Wesley Clark tend to get days ago in New Hampshire, and the lug headway, the no sense of humor media has covered it, there were 15 million hits this weekend on my website.
Everyone who visited the site got to read the truth about Bush not showing up for National Guard duty.
The weird thing about all of this is that during my routine I never went into any details about bush skipping out while in the guard.
It's not like it's the biggest issue on my mind or facing America these days.
I was just attempting my best impersonation of that announcer guy for the WWF, asking the cheering crowd if they'd like to see a smackdown, which I call the general versus deserter.
You can watch it here hardly anyone in the media show in this clip, because viewers would suddenly see the context of my comments.
When the press heard me use that word deserter, though, the bells and whistles went off, for this was one of those stories they knew they had ignored.
And now it was rearing its ugly head, truthful head on a very public stage.
Without a single other word for me other than the D word, the immediately got so defensive that looked at many viewers like they, the press maybe had something to hide.
After all when I called Bush a deserter, how did they know I was referring to how he's deserted the 43 million Americans who have no health coverage?
Why didn't they assume I was talking about how Bush is a deserter because he's deserted the working people of this country who've lost 3 million jobs since he's taken office?
Law wasn't obvious to them that I was pointing out how Bush has deserted our constitution in Bill of Rights as he tries to limit freedom of speech and privacy rights for law-abiding citizens.
Instead they've created the bruhaha over Bush's military record, often without telling their audience what the exact charges are.
It seems all they want to do is get Clark or me or you to shut up. We've never investigated this, and so we want you to apologize for bringing it up.
While I'm glad they've gone nuts over it because here we have a commander in chief who just took off all the uniform to go to work for some Republican friend of his dads.
Now sending our kids over to Iraq to die while billions are promised to halibut in the oil companies, 20% of them are National Guard and reserves, and that number's expected to double during the year.
They've been kept in Iraq much longer than promised, and they haven't been given the proper protection they're sitting ducks.
Six more dead yesterday, by the way.
What if any of them chose to do what Bush did back in the early 70s? Just not show up.
I've seen Republican defenders of Bush this week say, yeah, but he made up the time later.
So can this week's, so can today's National Guard's been do the same thing? Just say when called up to Iraq, I'm not going to show up, I'll make up the time later.
Can you imagine what would happen? Of course, none of them are the son of a congressman like young Lieutenant Bush was back in 72.
Today, move on, Dr. Orgis put together its response to this issue, and I'd love to reprint it here. It lays out all the facts about Bush, and the remaining unanswered questions about where he went for many, many months.
Here I would appear to be the known fact laid out recently in considerable detail on documentation by retired pilot in the International Guard, first Lieutenant Robert A. Rogers, and in a 2003 book, The Lies of George W. Bush by David Korn.
One George W. Bush graduated from Yale in 1968 when the war in Vietnam was at its most deadly and the military draft was in effect, like many of his social class and age he sought to enter the National Guard, which made Vietnam's service unlikely and fulfillment military obligation.
Competition for slots was intense, there was a long waiting list. Bush took the Air Force officer in pilot qualification test on January 1768, and scored the lowest allowing passing grade on the pilot aptitude portion.
Two, he nevertheless was sworn in May 27, 1968 for a six-year commitment. After a few weeks of basic training, Bush received an appointment as a second lieutenant, a rank usually reserved for those completing four years of rot, or 18 months of active duty service.
Bush then went to a flight school and trained on the F-102 Interceptor fighter jet. Fider pilots were in great demand in Vietnam at the time, but Bush wound up serving as a weekend warrior in Houston, where his father's congressional district was centered.
A Houston Chronicle story published in 1994 quoted in Korn's book as Bush saying, I wasn't prepared to shoot my eardrum out with a shotgun in order to get a deferment, nor was I willing to go to Canada, so I chose to better myself by learning how to fly airplanes.
Three, sometime after May 1971, young lieutenant Bush stopped participating regularly in guard activities. According to Texas Air National Guard Records, he had fewer than the required flight duty days and was short of the minimum service the oath of guard.
Records indicate that Bush never flew after May 1972, despite his expensive training, even though he still owed the National Guard two more years.
On 4, May 24, 1972, Bush asked to be transferred to an inactive reserve unit in Alabama, where he'd also be working on a Republican Senate candidate's campaign. The request was denied. For months, Bush apparently put in no time at all in guard service.
In August 1972, Bush was grounded, suspended from flying duties, for failing to submit to an annual physical exam. Why wouldn't he take this exam from a doctor?
Five, during his 2000 presidential campaign, Bush's staff said he'd be called to in doing duty in Alabama, and then returned to Houston for still more duty.
But the commander of the Montgomery, Alabama unit, where Bush said he had served, told the Boston Globe that he had no recollection of Bush, son of a congressman ever reporting, nor are there records as there should be supporting Bush's claim.
As to the press conference in Alabama on June 23, 2000, what duties he had performed as a guardsman in that state, Bush said he couldn't recall, but I was there.
Six, in May, June and July 1973, Bush suddenly started participating in guard activities back in Houston again, pulling 36 days at Ellington Air Base in that short period.
On October 1, 1973, eight months short of a six-year service obligation and scheduled discharge, Bush apparently was discharged with honors from the Texas Air National Guard, eight months short of a six-year commitment. He then went on to Harvard Business School.
Documents supporting these requests, released under Freedom of Information Act request, appear along with Rogers article on the web, and then you've got a website you can click and I've got the link.
In the absence of full disclosure by the President or supporters, only the President and perhaps a few family or other close associates know the whole truth and they're not talking.
Bush was apparently absent without leave from his assigned military service for as little as seven months, according to the New York Times, or as much as 17 months, according to Boston Globe, during a time when a half a million American troops were fighting the Vietnam War.
The Army defines a deserter, also known as DFR, for drop from roles, as one who is AWOL 31 days or more.
Well, there you have it, someone who gets some special treatment and now that special someone believes he has the right to conduct a war using other not-so special people's lives.
My friends, I always call it like I see it. I don't pushy foot around. Sometimes the truth is hard to take. The media conglomerates are too afraid to take this on. I understand, but I'm not. That's my job and I'll continue to do it.
And when I'm wrong like to think about Bush pooping his pants, I'll say so. Yours, Michael Moore.
And for all we know, maybe he did poop his pants. He must have.
It's on our website, the entire thing and you can click on some of those links and read more or not as the case may be, depending on how brainwash you want to continue being.
Let's see, three most popular counties pushed for ballot paper trail. Thank you, Gary and Weston.
Florida's three most popular counties took a rare unified stance that is weak calling for the state legislature to require a ballot by ballot paper record of votes cast on electronic voting machines.
Hallelujah. Let's hear it. All right. Palm Beach, Broward and Dade County commissioners, dissatisfied after spending millions on touchscreen voting machines.
Since the two mulchers 2000 presidential election, that's the fixed one. Agreed paper printouts are the only way to instill public confidence in touchscreen ballots.
They try county coalition voted unanimously to send state legislators a letter endorsing a paper trail. I hope this gets the legislative body to understand what we're concerned about.
That's at Palm Beach County commissioner Bert Errinson who raised the issue with the meeting on Monday.
And it goes on about the race being decided by only 12 votes. The audio audio anyone in January six special election for Brown Brown and Palm Beach County say, well, you know, people trust the elections.
They don't think they trust those machines with no paper trail. No.
Now, it says the quiet voting systems was made Palm Beach County's touch screens is developing a printer that says what had about $500 to the cost of the voting machine about two and a half million for the county's 5000 machines, but the printers have not yet been certified by federal or state authorities, which makes it nearly impossible to have them ready for Florida's fall elections.
There you go. So catch him if you can. And we want.
151 votes on our second poll today. We did the carry against Bush earlier. Let's see carry had 72.7% push 18% which we don't believe. And now it's how our deans turn.
If the election were going on right now between Dean and Bush, would you vote for 151 votes 100 for deans 66.2% Bush 25 16.5% 11.2% said I wouldn't vote for either one of them and nine people said I wouldn't vote period. Now, why do you think that this graph is only 5% so they wouldn't vote for either again with Kerry and 11.2% so they wouldn't vote for either one.
I don't know. You think maybe that's because they think that Dr. Dean is a little underqualified and overmedicated.
Well, I'll say it again. He made a magnificent speech last night. This is the problem with him. He's a little spastic. You know, his performance in debates has been getting worse and worse and worse. And every month and a while, he'll make a speech to his, you know, his groupies. And he would be fantastic. Say all the right things.
Maybe we should withhold judgment till tomorrow night in South Carolina. The big debate tomorrow. You're going to be watching. I'm going to try to catch a kitchen if you can.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQA and Hull. Hello. Yeah. How are you? Okay. How you doing? Palette's just third call this half hour.
5 6 7 0 5 60. That must be Reverend Jones doing what I was. Reverend Jones. Yeah. Now, what is that happening? I'm lying to there. Do you see that? Because that's the primary line. Oh, that's Josh getting the number.
Josh doing what? Getting the number. Yeah, I'm going to publish it. Okay. That number. Yeah. Oh, you and Reverend Jones, man. I think the two of you will be just fine. You are. You all have a great time. You love it. WQA. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you see the story in the favor of the day about the Indian Minor League picture? Yes, sir. We've had it on many, many times. Sir, it's a hit. I didn't know he was Hispanic. Did you? I guess he's recon.
Japanese. I thought it was a little Japanese myself, but maybe he's just one. Maybe he's Colombian. You know, some of them Colombian Indian kind of guys. Right. They have the kind of. They got the yellow look. Chinky look to him. Bad complex. You know, maybe wants to change a complex. No, the locker room a little bit. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and horizon wireless line. WQA and hello. Neil, I know my friends. Pretty good, sir. Hey, CBS Dan Rather. Last night. I was in the
night. Redeemed themselves, man. It's about time. Dan Rather, eight o'clock at night when everybody came on with special reports saying there was no still all puffed up. No, he was all right. But he came on while everybody else was going to be part of the body.
But I'm very indeed in this net. He came on and said right now we don't have enough information to declare any kind of winner or say who's leading us what and we will leave it at that.
I mean, he finally grew up there. I think. I think CNN came on and they were like, Breckler, I think CNN was like trying to suck people into watching all night because they kept saying, oh, well, it's going to be much closer than we thought. And it's going to be very tight and.
All right, long. All I was never closer than 12% all right. I have a they came on at 8 p.m. said they just closed. We don't have enough information to say who's doing what or where. I mean, they were like, I was like, one. Maybe they got the message from Joy's other or something could be. But they got a message from Santilla.
You know, being your blood. It brings all over you nice time. Maybe that's where they got that part of it, but I'm open like that. I found respect for Dan. Rather my friend. Well, I slow. I just knows this. He went to. Thanks a lot. Pally have a great day. Do you have any idea what he said?
He said that that's we said what's the frequency? Kenneth. Oh, by the way, speaking of dikes disrupted another official telling us now that we know we've disrupted them.
You asked the launch new offensive in Afghanistan where we just had more Canadian soldiers died the other day to them feeding them. And there is a sense, but not a hard fact, not hard news that they feel they are getting closer that it is just a matter of time.
All right, Barbara star with that important information. Just a matter of time before we close in on Osama, I think like two days before election day, we're going to come up with him or somebody who looks fairly close to him.
You wouldn't know any really tall skinny guys. Yeah, like anybody in that we know no. Oh, I'm a tree Crawford. Oh, tree Crawford. Oh, that's Osama. Oh, sorry, tree better for the hair.
Yeah, I have like a burka. You know, I shot the overmiss of the sky. So we'll never know. I'll just try somebody out. Look at that. We got Osama. All right. Everybody's safe. Go to work in your burka. Right. And you know what we do with them? They allow kind of don't you?
The big brother brains will over you nice. I release suit right all over their burka five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T or judge rule Schwarzenegger loans illegal.
Judge rules California governor armed Schwarzenegger four million dollar campaign loans were ill eagle. He broke a state law during the closing weeks of the recall race.
I think he's going to investigate it himself just like those charges of a right I think we should have a recall when he took out four and a half million dollars in bank loans to help his cash start campaign according to a preliminary ruling from a superior court judge.
If the decision on Monday's upheld the governor could be forced to pay back loans out of his personal funds. Ah, a chunk change man. Four and a half million will make terminator ten carries around.
They can pick that up out of the cookie jar out of the couches on all five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line don't forget which is the kindle time of country mall about six thirty.
WQA. I'm hello. Do we topics again WQA. I'm hello QA. I am hello. Hello. Yes. You remember it's wrong. I remember you. Yeah. I remember you.
I remember that. No, I don't. Oh, short memory. WQM. Hello. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hello. Go ahead, sir. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Oh, if we weren't anything here today that that that Georgia the straight man, right? That's what we're trying to say. What does that mean?
What what does that mean? I was Reverend Jones. That's what that means. No, when you if you say that one more time I'm getting up and walking out. Okay.
Now going back to that Ron. Yeah, had you forgotten him? No, that caller. No, that is him. It's him and his friend. They're tag teaming. No, no, it's not rare.
I want I want Josh to take a baseball bat. See your memory. Your focus is so narrow now. You're forgetting some of our good friends from the past. No, I'm not. I'm not talking about this guy here. I'm talking about the one before him. Okay. Right. Okay. That's his buddy. No. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. I'm not I'm taking the couple months off. I say dollar runs. Yeah. I'm taking a couple months off. All right. How's he doing? By the way? He's still gay and crazy. WQM. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'll remember when George was out. You asked the beast who he was going to vote for for president. Oh, wait a minute. I got into the break. Look at it. It's already 1 o'clock in 560 Q. A.M.
Why in local sports. We know what's going to be good. You. A.M.
1 to 2 hours.
Yeah.
And they blow up everything
And rotate us the hand for your money
Yeah
Blue was too much stuff that it's not funny
Back then, the strategy was no way to stop it
The car bombs and hijackies
These are just a few of their favorite things
They fight over land they should ask pretty please
And their desert type world
There's a real violent breach
Well they wear some the older and the
Air up, take us they have all your money
No but so much stuff that it's not funny
And the West face destroyed and the
Guys is the worst thing it's so fun
Their body smells like they just
But funny
Air up, take us they have all your money
One of the good ones
One of five, it's our big one or two
Our starting a little bit late
I got so carried away reading to Michael
More thing there
And it was like almost the end of the show
It was a central lady
We lost more to you really?
Yeah
I love Michael more man
He's just he's the best
5667-0560 now Josh
I want you to have like a Louisville slugger
A big big baseball bat
About a 36 incher
I'm ready
Well he's start your models
And if somebody in there I don't want to mention
A names but if somebody says that's Reverend Jones
I don't care who it is
Okay I don't care if it's Gilbert great
Or who it is
If he says I want you to like just smack him
As hard as you can
Right where his brain used to be
Okay
All right
Good
5667-0560-560 on it
See let me say it again
And you're having a difficult time adjusting to this
Let me say it to you
Take and of course in your case it's not too much
Take the money to the bank
Yeah
And take it to the bank
Put it in there
Right
And hope that it grows
Fast
Soon
That's all
That's it
Right
Anything else
Forget about it
Okay
Right
Yeah
He's not getting it
I can tell already he's still resisting
Let me let me see try it this way
Oh God about it
Okay
See that
Yeah
Forget about it
Are you certainly one listening to him
Absolutely
He knows this crap
WQM Hello
Hi
WQM Hello
Hey yeah how you doing buddy
Okay
Uh doing surveillance stuff
I'm going to get out of school
The broadcasting is like becoming
Yeah
I'm in a joc myself man
In fact I'm wearing one right now
That I was thinking about that last night
I don't know why I guess it was pretty boring to snow it in
I you know some spots are so bad that they're good
You know what I mean
Right
It's camp
And I think you're good friend Dick
Well, I've never met but he's got a grace
He's got a grace sense here
A little bit in coherent
I'm not him
He knows
Does he always in coherent
Sure
I mean this jocke jocke
He's in radio
He's heard recordings of himself
Well the fact that he's in radio that long
I think you know it's a good excuse for why he sounds like that
WQAM hello
The bush every day bush bush bush bush bush
Bush bush bush that's it bush bush bush
WQAM hello
Hi
QAM hello
WQAM hello
Hi
How are you?
Yeah
This is great
See you get all bent out of shape
I don't enjoy all of these folks
These are our friends
I know that
Don't you understand these are our friends
And of course if these are our friends
We certainly don't want to see our enemies
But these are our friends
This is South Florida man
WQAM hello
I'm a good person
I'm a good person
QAM
I'm a good person
I'm a good person
WQAM hello
WQAM
Spaghetti na pa'estano
Queenie
There's another one
I love that spot too
Don't you
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Pretty embarrassing
How does my
Those D-fo spots used to do for them
Wistoranti's ataviani or whatever the hell I was
That was pretty good
Multibenny
It was multibenny
It's why he sounded like that
197 votes at a pulse
You need to lighten up a little bit
Where the hell is just
No you're not
You're just
Josh is he lighten up a little bit or not
A little bit
A little bit
Not enough though
Not nearly enough
If you
In fact what
The deal is now
The deal is now you've got to like smoke a big fat one
Before the show every morning
So be a pre-reported
I had a policy against that
But I think that's a good idea
I think starting now would be a good time
And just you know ease into it
Relax nice
Nice to know mello
I'm relax
I'm what you're talking about
Why?
Just don't understand you're love affair with somebody
I know it has nothing to do with a love affair
It has to do with the fact that it doesn't make any difference
I know that
I know that
I don't
Just relax
Relax
Just
Just take a big hit of that bomb there
And just relax
Which reminds me
What are always all the raki men smoking there
Have you seen those pictures of the raki's and bagdad?
Yes
The old men sitting around the second
Looks like something out of Alice in Wonderland
What are they sucking on?
I mean what are they smoking on?
I don't know
Be interesting to find out
Out of that hookup
Presumably it's not
I heard a lot of them say something about
I poppy
I don't know what he meant by that
Must be a very strong tobacco from what I hear
All the way
In the back alleys
You got the hashish in there
I'll be damned
Oh look at this story disrespects me
West Palm Beach
A jury rejected a man's claims
That he should be compensated for a sleep disorder
Sufferate since he was served the wrong
Superter restaurant in West Palm
Donald Johnson
64
sought 55356 bucks
Where they come up with a number you'll have to guess
From the Shownies restaurant change
I love Shownies strawberry pie
The jury instead awarded him
407 bucks for medical bills
He oughta been on Judge Judy
She'da kicked his ass out
I love Judge Judy
I thought it'd be great
Johnson of Lake Worth said he had to have an emergency medical treatment
95 after eating clam chowda
When he'd ordered potato soup
He said in a allergic reaction
Nothing with psychological and sleep disorders
He rejected a $1,000 settlement in 99
I thought it was a silly case
Shownies attorney Charlie Rice said yesterday
Rice argued during the trial that Johnson's anxiety
Much than from other experiences
Including a prison term for sexual activity
With the trial under 12
And his public listing is a sexual predator
You think that might have a little something to do with it?
Maybe he has to do with his neighbor's anxiety
The six persons jury decided after the four day trial
That Johnson was 90% negligent
Reducing Shownies share the medical bills to 407
Reducing Shownies share
And when you go to Shownies, you know what you ought to do?
Share, share and share rice
Especially if you're cheap like all those old parts in South Florida
Old Jews, Old Cubans, Old French Canadians
Cheap
WDQAM, hello
Hi, I wanted to place a vote if I could
For
Well, I'm not sure if you still have the topic running
Who would I vote for?
What Democratic candidate would have to be running for me to vote for Bush?
Oh yeah, we're going to put that on that other podium
Oh, okay, eight off hit work
No, no, it's uh
What how do we ask it?
What Democratic candidate?
You like now where the hell I word it
I got to hear someone just hang on a second pal, we're a little slow
Who would be the Democratic candidate have to be?
See it would be kind of hard for eight off Hitler to be the Democratic candidate
Because number one, he's not alive and number two, he wasn't American
But other than that
I get your message, we understand, okay
Eight off Hitler and George Bush ever seem together
No, I understand
We're a little bit hard though
A little bit harsh when we're trying to like lighten it up a little bit
Some of you people are resisting now
Keep it light
Like that old guy told me that first week at KAT
27 years ago, almost 28 years now
Do you realize March 1st is 28 years?
Fig anniversary date, cut off, George put it on the calendar
It's on there
And do not have any of those contrived fake calls
Oh happy anniversary, Neil
This is Regis Filvin calling out
I don't want you to do that again
Heed to tune me out to 5, 10, 20 times
No, I'm just tuning you out of it
In fact, I bet you Reverend Joseph's son is a card
No doubt
And maybe just heed to just too hysterical
Okay, no
It's that Cuban blood again
It is
I'm not
You are
You're a nice, I'm not hysterical
I'm giving him your home address
I'm so melancholy I could pass out right now
Oh
In fact, I just
In fact, chicken maceball soup sounds good for lunch
I just did
Today is the first day and day
In three days I can really go out
And like to a restaurant get that out of here
And I just have a nice bowl of maceball soup
It's a nice big balls for lunch
It's cold enough to climb in it
And then I'll see maybe at the Kindle Town of Country about 745
In the old tea room
Oh wait outside
With your ear
With your own glass of rain
You'll have the ear to the door
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need
It's the only one mortgage from financial group
The benefits are incredible
Zero closing costs
Zero application fee
Zero credit bureau fee
Zero discounted points
Get yourself the new low interest rate
of just 1.25 percent
If you have 100,000 dollar loan your payments are a mere
334 bucks a month
If you have a 200,000 dollar loan you pay only
$668 a month
And don't forget
Once you be financed or get you a new home mortgage from financial group
You will never ever pay closing costs again
So call them today and get all the information
There's no obligation
Call 1-800-940-LAND
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve
And then move to that next property
Without any further cost or expense
You pay zero underwriting fees
Zero dock fees, zero closing costs
Even when you move to another property
If the new low financing rate of just 1.25 percent
With the only one mortgage from financial group
I never pay closing costs again
Let me say it again for details
Call them toll free
1-800-940-LAND
That's 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
The Renequal Housing Lender
Restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly
4.21-APR
That's my
And look
This is 435-60
1-800-840-0
Now you have a criminal record in our police files.
Then we have you, can learn to help yourself.
Look around you all, you see our dilated eyes.
If you're getting stoned to it in your own home.
And yesterday you, Mr. Darpungal, smoking gun just even though your own.
Whoa whoa whoa, God bless you please, Mr. Darpungal.
Once I'm in hope, sure not, walk away.
Hey hey hey, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey.
Hearts gotta be by tomorrow, they'd come me down low but George,
18, 560's got the good crap.
9-11 commissions as it needs more time to complete inquiry but the Republicans say,
we don't think so.
The Independent Commission investigating the 9-11 terror attacks announced yesterday was seeking an extension of the deadline to complete the investigation until at least July,
raising the prospect of a public fight with the White House and a final report delivered in the heat of the presidential campaign.
Oh my God.
The White House and Republican Congressional leaders have said they see no need to extend the Congressional mandated deadline.
Now except for May 27th, then a spokesman for a speaker, Dennis Hastruth, said yesterday that Mr. Hastruth would oppose any legislation to grant the extension.
In other words, it's not important that we really find out what happened but that we get it over with before it gets too close to the election time and it's too embarrassing.
How much longer should I do this? I don't know.
Oh.
The Commission said Tuesday that it was-
That was apparently the right amount of time for the door to open up.
Oh.
Oh is he offing? That's why did that.
That's why did that.
Was it muff?
Was it muff for the-
Oh, you're right.
You're right.
You're right.
It's another power outage.
That's why did that.
I love it.
See, I could do that anytime.
But after yesterday, the only problem would be that no, how could I say that the aback of power failed?
Just make beeping sounds with something.
The Commission said Tuesday that it hadn't received a commitment from the administration for public testimony from the White House officials including
Condoleezza Rice, the President's National Security Advisor.
The panel said it was still negotiations over the possibility of testimony from President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney.
We are telling the Congress and the President what we needed is to do the best possible job said the panel's chairman Thomas Kane Republican who was former governor in New Jersey and announcing the panel's decision to seek the extensive at least two months.
Much work remains and some hard work in finalizing the report.
But the Republicans say, on all, there will need any more time.
Get it over with now. Whatever you got, that's it.
That's all you're getting.
So obvious. Does anybody care?
No.
No way Jose.
233 votes on the Dean Bush poll.
It's Bush Bush Bush.
That guy to call before he only wishes he had Bush every day.
He only wished like what's a month will be good in your case.
233, the elections today and it's between Dean and Bush.
What do you say?
Dean 157, 67.3%.
Bush 42, 18%.
He's back 18%. Again, do you believe it?
No.
I would vote for either one of 25.
What?
I think that's the percentage.
That's it.
I wouldn't vote for either one of 25 and I'm not voting period nine.
So I carried it about what four or five points better than being so far.
But we'll boost it up. We'll juice it up.
Let's sex it up a little bit for the governor.
W. Q. A. M. Hello.
Hey, you know, Uncle Neil.
Okay, sir.
You're headed on the head before.
You know, you're saying before that you're preaching to the choir.
But if we just be apathetic and we sit it with our hands underneath that circus,
then they're just going to keep on getting away with all of this crap.
So it's just a matter, you know, keep on doing what you're doing.
But people have to get up off their horses and they've got to go out.
One of my things that they're going to do that, well,
the only thing that gives me hope is that they have those big turnouts
and Iowa New Hampshire record breaking.
And if people are going to get out of that kind of freezing weather to do something.
Right.
The people are probably being floored and we're talking to the wrong people
because you know, you got the most apathetic dunderheads in Florida.
They got their heads buried in the sand.
This is the place where they stole the election.
If there's any place where people really ought to be pissed off and fired up,
it should be Florida.
Well, I'll say this.
When I pick up people in my head and I'm talking to people from around the country,
I generally say two thirds of those people have set up.
You got a third that I still, you know, they got the civil spoons up there wherever.
But I'd say a lot of people really off that up.
And if we don't, you know, do what we have to do, then it's, you know,
like again, you say you're talking to a choir, you can't change the world,
you can't do like what Randi's trying to do, God bless her.
Oh, it just a matter of, you know, you know, do you know the she introduced Clinton the other day?
Oh, you have to be kidding me.
Yes, she did.
Sunday she was the one that introduced her.
And at the Macawerina, she introduced Bill Clinton.
Yes, she did.
We have a lot of information to go on.
Oh, my God.
Well, anyway, it's just a matter of people.
I'm going to jump out of the window and I'm a very high floor.
I'm going to jump out the window right now.
I'm sitting right now.
Hang in there, Pallee.
You have a good day.
And you too.
My wife's having a good one till it gets fired up when I hear someone say that.
Pallee, Pallee, Pallee, Pallee.
She's the great white hope, the great Jewish man.
Randi.
Wow.
Is that shocking to you or what?
She said if I may not.
That the strike penis Jim, you know, since you got rid of him.
Mm-hmm.
She's really put stuff a little bit.
She's going places we leave to that baggage.
She's doing it, man.
And if we're for rush, keeping her off that syndication, she'd be on from coast to coast.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
That's what I'm hearing.
You go, girl.
You kick some ass, Randi.
I still say the one thing.
I mean, all of this other stuff aside because she's become legendary in a mind of 60 old Jews in Palm Beach County.
But when she called Bob Green basically to stick it up his ass, that's why I said,
you go, girl, I got some respect, okay?
Even your wreath, you're never got as much respect.
But then when I found out that Jim had a technicaler penis, that kind of, you know, start like eroding.
The big boy in?
Yes.
Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I agree.
All right.
Well, now go over.
I want to be a homo, just like you enjoy.
All right. Great.
Come on in.
I'll meet you at the Amal.
Meet you at the Kendall Town of Country about 755.
We're worked up to then.
Q-A-M. Hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes.
Mr. Rogers, well, I'm not Spanish.
Anyway, that's okay.
The, the, the two, three, of course, is okay.
It's more than okay.
In fact, that's preferable, by the way.
Two weeks ago, there was a news conference with Candelice, beans or rice or whatever.
Yes.
Yes.
You're talking about the president.
Yeah.
It came up that Hollywood was stealing money, you know, from the taxpayers.
Yes.
And he said that where the president said if it's proven that Hollywood was stolen money from
the taxpayers, we will make him give it back.
Right.
And then he'll give brand new contracts again.
No big contracts.
But then?
That's your mentality.
You know, they don't even know that stealing is a sin or a crime.
It's like, you know, or the whole of that or a crime part.
You're going to have to throw the crime part.
How about the crime part?
To crime part.
They don't really have a good to them.
It's like a whole of that gets caught.
All the punishment here is to give the money back.
I mean, they, they, they are really gangsters.
Amen.
You said it well, Pally.
Have a good day.
How do you, oops, sorry, it wasn't Spanish.
Funny.
It was after one at five, 60 WQAM.
And like I said, the American public doesn't give her, well, maybe they do give a crap.
And the media just are distorting the anger that's out there.
Because when you looked at the exit pulling from the hamster last night,
man, the anger was palpable.
You know what that means?
I don't either.
You could feel it.
You could smell it.
Oh, God.
A lot of angry people just eating a whole bunch of damn chili just so they could just vent.
I hope they did it in the shower because like I've always told you,
that's one of the most enjoyable things in life.
Oh, in a nice hot steamy shower.
If it's a good one.
You have it lived.
Oh, God.
You just want to stay in there forever.
You wish that that aroma would linger for like at least a half an hour.
Well, well, at least 10 minutes.
Antaresta diabetic is the way to go, and I don't mean that kind of go either.
Now it doesn't have any of that stuff in it.
Antaresta diabetic is a truly delicious meal replacement drink that happens to be made
for people like me with diabetes, but anybody who wants to cut down their sugar intake can drink it.
Antaresta diabetic is sweetened with splendor.
Thank the Lord.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Which is made from sugar, so there's no nasty aftertaste like you get from Aspertaman's saccharine.
Randy introduced Bill Clinton at the macarena.
I am just going to lose my mind.
Wow, what in the world is going on?
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry.
Antaresta diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life,
plus fiber and antioxidants, yet it's low and saturated fat and cholesterol.
Antaresta diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free.
Oh!
And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition.
You try and rest dieted that if once an eye guarantee you, I'll bet George's life on it and I ran these two.
That you'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before.
You can pick it up all over town because more and more people are chugging it down,
publics, Walgreens, records, Navarro, Sardano, CBS, and other local pharmacies too.
In fact, the makers of the social you're going to love it, they'd like to give you some to try for yourself
that two pack with vanilla and chocolate, one of each.
All you have to do is call Tool Free and they'll send it to you for free.
1-866-368-3739 or you can order online at antarestaabetic.com.
Just click on where it says free samples.
When you call, tell me that Neil sends you for the delicious one,
get yourself an additional special gift as for mentioning my name.
Call them today, Tool Free, and try it, you'll like it.
1-866-368-3739.
My, my, and local, this is 420-560.
2-866-368-3739.
It's, are you having to leave now?
Look, if you had one shot, one opportunity to lose all the weight you gained last year,
every pound with one program, put your cap shirt, or just let your pants rip.
Bro, time's in sweaty, big cheeks, fun charming belly,
you tighten your sweater already, mom's beginning, your purpose to observe it that you're way too heavy to drop pounds.
Resolve this, you won't be beginning with your gop down, must be,
kept low cow, when you open your mouth, you really must not allow another dog with proud McDonald's purpose now.
You can't run out now, but Chinese think out now, you're bad, the streetality opens to you.
Nope, you'll need the calories, nope, your soul matters, you won't give up that,
as you know you won't have it, you know to hold back on the patch,
you're doing it, hold the race back to the ladder, you know, you want that,
then listen to slang again, then again, you better lose some weight in the New Year,
the moment you know it is the second stomach overflows,
you know they get one shot to drop another size, you know,
and your obesity's gone for a lifetime, you better lose some weight in the New Year,
the moment you know it is the second stomach overflows,
you know they get one shot to drop another size, you know,
and your obesity's gone for a lifetime.
See if you would have told me that Randy was taking care of all of this,
we wouldn't have had to waste our time with all this,
save the world from the fascist business,
we should just re-broadcast excerpts.
Right, that would be good.
Wow, word, wow, word, wow, word!
Why didn't she tell me she had everything under control?
Damn it, she's got it down.
273 votes, the elections today, it's Bush against Dean, who gets your vote?
Who cranks your chain?
Who screams the loudest, okay? Who's the biggest screamer?
Dean 184, 67.3%, carried at five points better.
How do you like that?
How do you want to know why I think this is just my opinion?
Because Carrie's one needs of the caucus and his primary last night,
and they're believing now he's more electable,
which I think they might be right.
They're getting a little bit nervous.
Oh, there's Dennis Cassini.
What are the convention Larry?
My plan for the long has been to...
How many votes he got?
About 30, man.
Gallagher gets wherever I can.
That's all he said.
He's hanging on, you know, poor Dennis.
I feel so bad for that hair piece, I mean for him.
Dean 184, 67.3%, Bush, 50, 18.3%, same, Freepers.
I wouldn't vote for either one of them.
About 30, man.
10.9%, and I'm not voting period 9.
Okay.
That's what percent Lieberman got in the New Hampshire.
Yeah, yeah.
That's what Robert Creeper reported this morning.
Even though it came in a very tight tie for third there.
Oh, 5670560, pound 560 on a AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Neal, I just see you.
Speaking.
Neal, boy.
Yeah.
Listen, about your ratings.
You know why you went down so much in ratings?
Why could that be, sir?
Why don't you just play it to us?
Well, no, look, honestly, from a true listener.
Right.
It's just the hatred that gets me.
Just what I hate, Neal.
I hate to my friends before.
Hey, listen to Neal, he's funny.
He makes fun of the whole world.
Wireless, it's just hatred.
What makes you hate it?
Right.
It's true, buddy.
Look at your books.
Well, let me answer this.
How come you're still listening, Schmuck?
Neal, I come in.
How come you're still listening if we're so full of hate?
In between all the other shows commercial,
I switch around, and I wish you a funny,
because I want to listen to you.
No, we're not funny anymore.
And you're sorry to kick there?
You're absolutely right about the beastlies.
And that guy Gregg Rees.
Why do they put him on?
He's a loser.
56070560, pound 560 on a AT&T.
That was Pete Bouldery doing a voice.
It was.
You can hear David Ross like poke him in the behind.
Why don't you like literally?
I don't know.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
Are we playing?
WQM, hola.
QM, hello.
QA, yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, how you doing?
I'm all right.
Not good, I'm glad to hear it.
He's just being friendly, friendly old guy.
WQM, hello.
Yes sir.
I got you.
Joe, you got him straight, tripping move.
I got him what?
You got Joe, straight tripping about that character
that he does on the radio.
Oh, you mean you?
Yeah. WQM, hello.
I'm voting for Bubba Boy.
WQM, hello.
Hey, um, nice to form around.
Don't care what they say.
Can you repeat the information about those skew ones?
What they doing?
And I think I'm in the news about the one.
You want to know what they're doing?
What they're doing?
What they're doing?
What they're doing?
We're doing each other.
Westland, JC Penney's in Westland.
Six thirty-night.
Be there or we square, okay?
Now watch out when that big fat guy comes in, opens up the door and says,
You're looking for glory hole.
Look out for him.
He'll steal your lunch dinner and the breakfast.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, five sixty on the eighties.
Well, we need an hour like this.
The pressure is great.
Don't you understand, man?
The pressure is great in the granted state.
And you're just taking it for granted.
Wally says, actually the trickle down theory works the way it really is supposed to.
The rich make more money, drink champagne and piss all over you as well.
Wally says, you can't say piss on a radio wall.
You okay?
So clean up your act.
Or we'll report you to the God, the MFCC.
And you and the A People from Seat Channel will both be going down.
You're going down.
Trust me when I tell you, you are going down, Wally.
If you keep that up.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
Five sixty on the eighties and T-line we got.
The important stuff starts it too.
We get back into the sports stuff.
Dolphins this and dolphins that.
I couldn't believe that yesterday morning.
I mean, I want to pick up my good friend Joe Rose on blockhead because we are going to get along.
We're pretty tight.
But when he, when I'm listening to those last couple of minutes there.
And dolphin intensive.
Hey, guess what?
Give it up.
Give it a rest.
We don't want to hear about the goddamn draft.
Nobody except a bunch of sick people.
We want to hear about the dolphins in the middle of January.
Okay, or even the end of January.
There's only one football game like for months that counts.
And that was this weekend and it often day in and it.
Oh no.
And let me also tell you this.
Unless you get a real quarterback which isn't going to happen by pulling some re-trend.
Schmuck from off the street somewhere and they're going to happen anyway.
So forget about it.
How about Brian Greacy?
Come on Brian get up.
Act like a man.
Okay, quit falling down.
Schmuck.
Like father like son.
That's what somebody told me.
I can't tell you who told me that.
But somebody inside.
Somebody inside.
I'll tell you off the ear.
21 till 2 at 560 WQ Amateurs.
One of those things.
I just don't want to hear about the freaking dolphins.
I know it's a lot more exciting than you know.
Squeeze it and squeeze that pig skin.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you're squeezing for a good night's sleep.
Here's the answer for you.
Dylomactrus.
These people are the best.
I would call these folks for many many years now.
Not quite that long but almost.
And you ought to be doing the same.
Celebrate the new year in real comfort with a great new macrerson.
Dylomactrus.
So you wake up in a morning feeling refreshed.
You'll be looking in the mirror and say, man, that was a mahaia.
And you'll probably look at a mirror and say, man, am I misguide?
But at any rate, Dylomactrus is proud to have had it stirons and fosters.
They're already strong champions.
Your lineup, stirons and fosters, is the finest mattress made in the entire USA.
And now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight.
If you make that call real quick, call 1-800-MACRUS right now.
And of course, Dylomactrus carries all the other top names too.
That you know and love like temperedic, king coil, cimin, cili, cerdida, get them all.
Choose from dozens and dozens of models at low, unbeatable, everyday discount prices.
So if you're a schmuck out of those betting in departments, Dylomactrus and get ripped off,
if you're smart, you'll call Dylomactrus.
Those are the only ones that let you choose a two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule any day,
seven days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m.
So with low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal.
It's easy to see why Dylomactrus is ranked the best in the universe in customer satisfaction.
So if you want to get you a great night's sleep at the old mattresses,
just make that one easy call, 1-800-MACRUS.
1-800-MATTRES or online, it's mattress.com.
Buy the local, this is five cities, three of all yours, come.
Q&A!
Oh, sports back radio WQL!
That's no s**t!
It can't start the last hole, doesn't know it's too quick.
In everyone finds where wondering who's the s**t?
Ooooooooh!
Cause it really doesn't matter, Dyl gets off tonight,
when it's the Christian night, really though.
Take the job and never die, and get the hell out of our life,
Just go away and leave us all alone.
And stars in this hole, who we know will get quick.
In everyone's minds, they won't be ready, who's the s**t for.
You're probably wondering why I played that for them,
just thinking about this, all of that.
Why does FCC business and all these finds, and they're trying to come up with more words that you can't say and ban more language and take away more of our freedoms?
Here was probably the most pornographic report ever put out by any government anywhere in the world,
and they were a good one to talk.
That's all I can tell you, man.
Butch of hypocrites, butch of FNHPGrit, few can hypocrites.
Can I say fucin? I just did.
Here's Sebastian who says, dear Mr. Neal Rogers show,
which is an interesting way to start.
Right, it's like Mr. Rogers.
Right, Mr. Rogers.
I'm an act of fishermen and boaters.
Did you see the bill that was passed for the helping of South Florida Bay Area Signs?
As a matter of fact, Sebastian, the answer is no, I did not.
No.
Governor Bush has passed the bill that the city will spend $350 million in nautical signs for the South Florida Bayes.
Now, I can tell you that there's nothing wrong with the current nautical signs,
and the voting traffic is in no way a problem.
Even on its busiest day Sunday, you can be in and out of the bay less than five minutes with no interference.
$360 million question marks several exclamation points.
Sounds like Jeb is bad or worse than his brother.
Between the two, they are sucking our country dry.
They're sucking our town and country dry.
The problem is that we Americans are getting bit over and drilled by Bush.
Just thought you'd like to know.
Thanks Sebastian.
It's like all the pork in this budget they passed a couple of days ago.
And you're going all the websites.
Oh my god, all these millions and millions of dollars of pork.
And does anybody do anything about it?
No, because they're all a bunch of crooks.
See, I'm going to tell you right now.
I don't want to get too political because my good friend is taking care of all of that.
But see, I've told you for a long time that Democrats are a bunch of emotional cripples.
They're weaklings, which is why so many people like Dean and still out of them do,
because he didn't pull any punches.
He just opened up a mountain.
You know, let it all out.
Sometimes a little bit too much.
But they're too polite.
See, that's another reason I love Michael Moore.
He doesn't give a crap.
He's not polite.
Too polite.
When people are dying for no reason at all based on lies,
why aren't the impeachment proceedings going on right now?
And now, of course, that this con over there in England with Tony Blair,
that they've covered that all up real nicely,
and they're going to say, oh, you see?
We didn't sex it up at all.
We had the goods.
We know what was going on.
No, they didn't.
Everybody knows that they sexed it up, especially Prince Charles.
He was sexing it up with the boys.
The more in Iowa, the case of Clyde Lamar pasted tooth,
backs up the offentism connection between pot smoking and memory loss.
See, that's another reason you ought to be smoking a big fat one in the morning before the show starts.
Oh, I'm just going to be a lot of it.
When we start taking calls, then you forget all the voice.
Like kind of like Sheridan on Passons,
when she forgot who Luis was for a couple of minutes.
Maybe that's why you forget all the voices.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Where's the baseball bat, Josh?
So you just need shock therapy.
That's what you need.
You need the beastly corporate shock therapy that will.
I thought by now you would at least have made some progress.
You have to not care as much as they don't care.
I don't care.
Don't you understand?
Greg doesn't care.
The beastlies don't care.
They care about, look up on a wall there.
What does that sign say?
Just give us the fukin' money, right?
That's it.
Only here one squarely person in here.
What?
There's only one squarely person I'm hearing.
Who's that?
Yamama.
I'm going to give you her number.
I think she can stop her number.
I actually have her number.
I think she's got her number.
Pace 18 was passing and passing through a security checkpoint.
At Polk County Court, that's not in Florida.
That's in Iowa.
Last week when it came time to empty his pockets.
Pace was heading to hearing on a prior drug and traffic charges.
Apparently forgot the small bag of marriage a weenie is pocket.
Oh no.
Along with items like pocket change and keys,
Pace apparently tossed the bag into a plastic tray.
At the security checkpoint, much of the surprise of court employees
was said, oh, where'd you get that?
Can we have some?
Perhaps realizing it was caught pot handed,
Pace allegedly took off and ran the length of the court building,
which is always a really good idea, before ending up cornered by deputies
at the lock revolving door.
Pace was arrested and charged with drug possession and resisting arrest.
His initial appearance on the charges set for January something rather
than Polk County Court.
He also spaces a February 18 trial on the original charges.
He was said to appear for and he was allegedly caught with a pocket full of pot.
A pocket full of pot.
How much?
I like that.
There's a bit for both of Brian, a pocket full of pot.
Right?
Why not?
I think everybody should have a pocket full of pot.
5.6705.60
Pound 5.60 on the 18.
I mean, the thing about the steroids, yeah.
Here is the president of the United States,
making his state of the Union address where at war with Iraq,
even though he says it's over, right, war in there.
A Taliban are still running around, loose in Afghanistan.
We may have to rev it up there again, as old looks like.
We have all of these yellow and orange alerts
that everybody's pissing their pants because they're afraid we're going to get another terrorist attack.
And he is taught, and of course, we're running up deficits so massive that they'll be paying for him for how many more hundred years?
5.30, man.
For 1,300, what sounds like thousands of years to me?
And what's he talking about?
Steroids.
And about how we have to clean up the sports world
and we have to be better role models to the young people in Yadi-Adi-Adi, all right.
Better role models than other AKA like a big fat liar like he is.
And all of his pizons, all of his partners in crime.
So anyway, how's Kind of Liza doing?
She's on the tanker.
I hear she tanks up a chevron.
That's what I'm here.
150 at 5.60, 10 before 2.
See, I think about that now, I start getting angry myself.
You're right. You're right.
I'm a good one to talk.
I start to see that's what I got to do.
You've got to block it out.
How about some electro shock therapy sounds good?
Oh, right. Let's do it.
We'll do it like a group, group electro shock.
We'll hold hands and create a circuit.
And you'd like to hold hands with Sheridan.
I'll guarantee you that.
Sherman.
And Hank, I'd like to hold hands with Hank.
Not that Hank.
Not that Hank.
I'm talking about on Pajans sometimes.
150.
How about alligator rooms?
You want to hold hands with him?
No, thanks.
Maybe you can hold hands with him during your next lunch.
He'll pick your pocket when he buys your lunch.
That's the idea.
Hold it both in his hands to keep his hands out of your wallet.
Oh, man. I'm going to pee on his grave.
Well, what can I tell you?
Hey, listen. Don't forget. No hockey season next year.
He's probably going to be working there in some capacity.
Jannator?
Oh, man.
That's the best thing.
If I could tell you you just took it.
What's the Jannator's name, Jerry?
Here?
Yeah.
Rick.
Rick.
Rick, the Jannator. We got some bad news for you.
Well, aren't Rick. Remember they both start with an R.I.
Okay?
R.I.
He's got to do something.
By the way, Denise Popman shop already.
Okay, you're an impediment to my enjoyment of the game.
You make me sick.
Denise, you're an idiot.
Thumb frog.
Hey, if you're on any of those low carb diets like the adkins
or the Skatkins or the Sugar Buster,
these South Beach diet.
Oh, oh.
Or any of the other ones which everybody and their brother knows,
just desperate for.
Here's a story that you're going to love.
Delights away.
It's a book of because it gives you so much variety.
I've told you this for years now that everybody can go into a supermarket
and get all the meat you want, all the cheese you want,
all the eggs you want.
But if you want variety, something with some taste to keep you on the street,
and you're all path and stay good with your low carb diet.
This story's got over a thousand low carb products in stock,
just for you, including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers,
chips, brownies for all you brownie hounds,
chocolates, ice cream, pasta and sauces, ketchup,
cheesecakes and more.
And they offer the widest selects in their open every day,
seven days a week from 10 to 10.
And you can always try anything in the store before you buy it.
They got a friendly knowledgeable staff that was dieting inside an out end.
They have the complete line of adkins products that are on sale today,
next Purrum and every day.
So if you're on one of those low carb diets, no matter which one it is,
you'll fall in love with this store.
I guarantee you I'll bet George's life on it again.
In fact, I've had great life on it too.
The lights of West Book are there on the other end.
In fact, we'll throw the whole beesleazin and Bob Hermuth to top it all off.
The lights of West Book on the northeast corner of Glades in 441,
right next to Boston Market,
column toll free, 1-877 Low carb,
that's with the WLOW CRB,
or on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one de-lights of West Book
as your official adkins retail center and man,
is he singing a different tune hour or what?
WLOW CRB,
we're sports radio fighters of UAM.
On a lollipop little boy.
!!
Bought you better!
You're supposed to miss big posh time!
Would's grace to be recently dead
mare- alle
No doubt.
No doubt!
Oh!
Oh!
Ooh!
Easy, not easy.
Oh, right.
158 at 560 WQM, the man, the August, it's in by now.
What did I hear most this morning about Tom Brady?
He's got a great ass.
Did you hear that?
No, I didn't.
I couldn't believe that.
Yeah, right before he started talking about that picture for the Indians,
who's, you know, made the porn movie, but he's not gay.
Right.
And he said something about man.
Oh, man, would you like to be in the locker room with Tom Brady?
Because he's got a great ass.
I couldn't believe that.
Oh, that's correct.
Absolutely.
Wow.
Maybe he's coming around or just coming out.
Anyway, mad dog's coming up next to, uh, into a crazy bout, uh, Howard,
but he's, uh, got to work with him.
So he just lifts his lip.
What's he going to say?
Hank is on a four who despises Moe a hundred times more than I could if I tried.
You know what I mean?
Well, I was shocked by that.
321 votes on his second pool.
Now, if you tune in late, shame on you, number.
See, we learned a lot here today.
Number one, I'm an angry bitter man.
And number two, the beastlies never should have hired George because he just smucked.
Right.
We learned that today.
All of these things, all of these things.
We're taking home the same amount of money today if we wouldn't have found out those things.
But thank you so much for enlightening us.
Okay.
It's important to us to know that.
503 votes on the Kerry Bush deal.
Kerry got 72.7 percent.
Bush 18.
Wouldn't vote for either one to 5.1 percent.
I'm not voting period 3.9 percent.
I'll have the first 500 three votes.
On the dean, Bush so far, we got 321, which we put that under a noon.
And it'll stay on it all tomorrow.
Dean 219, 68.2 percent.
Bush 57, 17.7 percent.
I wouldn't vote for either one of them, 34, 10.5 percent.
And I'm not voting period 11.
And usually, in that case, it's probably just as well.
3.4 percent out of 321.
Did you see the difference?
No.
The vast difference?
Oh, I know what that is.
No, Dean, Kerry did about what?
Four points better, so far.
Four and a half points.
And that's because they're not quite so worried about the John Kerry yet.
Quite so scary.
And the heaven heard his wife talk quite as much as they've seen.
Dr. Dean's wife, and quite frankly, Miskai would be a...
Would be an understanding if there ever was.
Bye, bye, bye!
The middle-rights show on Christ's, the only QAF, might be for Larry.
Gang rape is funny.
