From that hemorrhoid.
Oh oh!
I'm a greybait, there's ain't a place to be.
Reds are missing the life for me.
For the rest of you are sent worldwide.
You might end up in one of those vacant piles.
Oh no, except you came out today.
Why, what a terrible place to stay.
Got all the love you've got to give it all to you.
Now you said what a criminal thing you do.
Oh!
Go down!
Go close!
And pass me on!
On their heads, woman's stripes!
They've blown a star their light!
I'll pull brave, don't go there!
I'll pull brave.
You've got a 1032 at 560 WQM hats and early start today is this is amazing, isn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah!
You saw it all whipped up to a frenzy about it.
I had thrilled and excited.
But the good news is that we got another Marlon game.
Marlon's win every day now.
It's just that they did have that one blip there in that double-header in Chicago.
But other than that, they seemed to win almost every freaking day.
Can you help me fish?
Did the Cub's winner lose last night?
Of course asking you, I'm taking my life in my hands.
They lost.
They lost, so that means only, and what about Houston?
I don't know.
What about Tell Me Houston?
You just start on top of these things.
You think that you'd be checking out things quite?
I'm looking at the race, you know.
I know that Houston's a game that we're two games back.
I know what's going on here.
Two games back?
Yeah, we're two games back.
No way.
Yeah?
No chance.
How's that two games back of the Wild Card?
Gold to verify it, right?
Yes.
No, no.
Guess what?
I'll bet you Greg Weed's life on it that they're not two games.
I know they're not two games behind the Cubs because pending the outcome of last night's Cubs game,
they were only like a...
Well the Cubs aren't leading the Wild Card, the Giants are.
The Giants are.
Well then, how did they sneak in there?
Is the very bonds taking more steroids again?
Yeah.
I bet your Bobby's turning over and is grave.
At any rate.
So we got the Marlins and the Expo.
It's from US cellular field.
That can be park anymore in Chicago.
Marlins on deck at 130.
So we'll kind of step aside a little bit early, which we're kind of...
He used to start late and leave an early.
We're used to that.
And then we got Mulhawry David, which we thought that would have been the end of that nonsense
between after the ball game and seven o'clock the big...
Oh!
...at seven and it he can't do that.
Then I'm looking at the schedule now.
We got a Marlins Expo's double-headed Marl,
but unfortunately for us it doesn't start till 230 to pregame.
And they got Mad Dog 2-2-2-3-2 Marl.
Do you think a hot shot like the Mad Dog is coming in for a half an hour tomorrow?
No.
No chance.
Half an hour, my ass.
So we got that at 230 and then I'm looking at the Thursday and Friday as I got this new schedule
in fact to me and excitedly I looked at it and...
Oh no.
I see Mulhawry David, I'm Thursday and he's going to Friday.
I don't see any sign of the Humber.
I don't see a hide in the big fat Humber on there and it's starting to give me really porked off.
Get with it, Greg, you idiot.
Man.
They just never stopped today.
The insanity never stops at WQAM.
That's our motto.
We should have billboards up there all over town.
The madness or maybe even promoting the fact we got stern on them morning.
I want to stick that on there too.
Now we don't want to do that.
1661 vote and by the way the guy and four of the other day on the guy in Atlanta were really impressed by the fact that you can keep refreshing over and over again 80 million times automatically and like do stuff those stats.
Eric likes it because he's making a lot of extra money from that.
Or unimpressed.
All the computer nerds all the time.
They just...
That's better than the earth.
They sit around naked all day sitting there with their little computer keyboard.
Which people ethnic religious, etc. treat women the worst.
That was a good pull we took yesterday.
Thank you very much.
Muslims, a thousand and forty-six.
How do you like that?
Are your schmuckeds out there.
62.9% say the Muslims treat their women like garbage.
Like chattel.
They all deserve it.
Now that moved up to second place and you've got something to be ashamed of yourselves.
You moved up really quickly.
Yeah, after that it was like an afterthought.
And I guess that answers the reason if you wonder why I asked that question in the first place.
That's it.
You're right there.
Just like the Bible.
Men wrote it and therefore women are second-class citizens.
Just like the laws.
And the constant of men wrote it and therefore women are like...
You didn't get the right to vote in this country till 1928.
They all deserve it.
124 of them nasty smelly bitches.
White trash, 93.
Blacks, 93.
Don't treat their women too good.
Orthodox do 78.
Oi!
Frank boys 45.
The Catholic Church 42.
Jocks 40.
We like to beat them up and slice their necks and do things like that and rape them.
Stuff like that.
Right.
Hispanic 40.
Japanese 28.
Mormon 16.
And Italian 16.
I'm an ajala-mazant.
Italian 16.
Can you be hard on that?
I don't think the Italian men treat their women too good.
But then again, what do I know?
Right.
Well, what do I know about women?
Okay, we got speaking of women.
We got a listen malano on these speaking of Italian women.
A listen malano.
And you'd think with a name like that, maybe she was born in Milano, right?
But she wasn't.
Close, she was born in Brooklyn.
That is close.
Yeah.
The 7th, 19th, 1972, which makes her 31 plus.
There's a naked as a jabored picture of a listen malano.
They're on a heated curtain, your Rogers.com.
Today, if you're over the age of 100, you have lots of civil forms of ID.
Because otherwise John Ascroft's going to come and just slap you on the ass and take you away.
Unless he likes you, he might slap you on the ass again a couple of times.
Here's her filmography.
She's right now filming Dyna Topey, a person of the Ruby Sunstone.
She does a voice.
She does a lot of her voices.
Did you know that?
I did.
You did?
I did.
Well, you know, I got those cartoon and Kitty watching kids.
You know, Jimmy Neutron went to lose in Kaboom voice.
Vicky Roberts, former child star.
She was in that.
Kissed the bride.
Buying Macau.
Oh, that must be the Oprah story.
I guess what?
I'll probably don't care how many cars you give away.
You're still discussing no talent, cow bitch.
Diamond Hunters, the TV mini series.
Lady and the Trantou scant's adventure.
Voice again.
Oh, she's been in 80 million mislustros.
Honors, pages and pages and pages.
Melrose Place, of course.
Of course.
Hugo Poole, Billow, Utopia, Jimmy Zip.
Public enemies.
The very Velasca, Gloria D.
Oh, a whole bunch of still-
What is it?
What?
In Brace of the Vampires, the only one you need to know about.
Well, whatever.
Hot lesbian vampire action.
I see.
Well, one good thing today is we don't have any leftover spots.
I guess they must have taken all their breaks like good the boys and girls there on the
Stern Show this morning.
All right.
Eat all their veggies.
They did all their breaks, got all their spots in.
By the way, you know, those hurricane stuffers that I was supposed to get in for the big storm.
It's not coming.
Of the day, we're also expecting it to continue to pull farther on up to the north.
It looks like the same rate.
We're still looking at it moving maybe eight miles per hour.
So we should start to watch some of the hurricane warnings told down by later on this afternoon.
Yes, anyway, we escape that.
But those hurricane tutors I was supposed to have up for sure on Saturday.
You think they're up yet?
Today's the only Tuesday.
And the answer is no.
No.
But it's the South Florida FNWay.
1039 at 5.60 QIM.
We have now the Stern Show.
Me and Rodgers, good morning and we take the baby.
We're going to the storm tomorrow, the clock for Christ.
We're going to the West.
We're going to the West.
I like Neil's pole.
New on the Geriatric Channel.
You came here to put me in a home.
And the makers of Tiff My Ride.
It's Tiff My Walker.
Whoa!
Shizzle my nose.
Yes!
You're like Shizzle!
This water is funky.
I want to get wicked.
I can fly.
You can fly, man.
You can fly, man.
You can fly.
Tiff My Walker.
Brody does.
And the patch will collapse me back.
Close the door.
I don't come, boy.
I don't come, boy.
I don't come, boy.
I don't come, boy.
104045 at 6.60 WQM.
Happy Tuesday.
So anyway, speaking of that, our poll question and thanks to the listener out there,
thanks to the yesterday's sensational idea for a poll.
It's two good polls in a row.
How do you like that?
Wow.
And it's the only Tuesday.
How do you think you will die?
Did we ever do this one before?
I don't think we ever have.
Well, how do you like that?
I'm pretty sure we didn't do that one yesterday.
It either be full.
Well, that puts a lot of pressure on me to the rest of the week.
How am I just about to call and sick tomorrow through Friday?
Yeah.
How do you think you'll die?
Old age or natural causes?
That's all one together.
In fact, we already got some votes on there.
Some might as well take a look at it, right?
Right.
Since so we just got it up there.
Old age, size, natural causes.
This is 12 out of the first 27, both that just trickled in.
Heart attack, six.
That's right.
Boredom 4, cancer 2, a traffic accident 2, and a terrorist attack only 1, and an a hurricane
only 0, not me.
Right.
But I've actually been taking that same poll like four or five days ago, like Friday.
Oh my god.
Hurricane might have played a hit a few more.
Oh, as a matter of fact, I'm glad I mentioned the hurricane because we got Lucian Newman from
CNN.
The more you think that all the stuff that you saw during Francis was something all
appeals into what significance compared to this bitch they got there.
Pinar del Rio Cuba.
Yesterday and then again this morning, although yesterday was a little bit better, she nearly
got blown right off the screen, but she was really.
This is just an example of what is happening in all of the seaside towns here in Pinar del
Rio.
The residents were evacuated, at least today in advance of Hurricane Ivan, and they are not
being allowed to return here to pie and pick up the pieces until the weather improves and
until the seeds repeat.
It is still unequally beaten on their side.
I see them.
Then they could blow off the screen.
That was beautiful.
Anyway, I'll tell you Josh may not be real good with these baseball scores and for me.
I was right about that one.
At least he's consistent.
He's full of crap.
It comes back to Pirate 7 or 2 yesterday.
Well, there are two games out there, two games back at that part of it.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Why should you be completely right?
A little bit of correct information can't be all bad.
He was right about what he was right about.
Yeah.
The Marlins are two games behind the Wild Carvinghander Giants, and the Giants are half-game ahead
of the Cubs.
So you figured that out.
And like I said, it was one game pending the outcome of the game yesterday that comes in
the Pirates, which the Cubs won 7 or 2.
Instead of what Josh scored, it's just pedaling around a lot of propaganda about the Cubs
lost.
Unbelievable.
Here's a good story.
Man eats grandsons corpse.
The Zambian police have arrested a man who had zoomed, cooked, and ate part of his grandsons
corpse, please say.
Police spokeswoman Brenda Monsamba said a hundred-filed the man eating pieces of flesh in a graveyard
in Malambo, a favorite in 70 miles north of the capital, Lusaka.
The man has zoomed the corpse and cut off some flesh, which he cooked in a pot and started eating.
We went to the grave of his grandsons and verified that he had exhumed the body when
tempest old Reuters yesterday.
When tempest said police had no idea why the man who had no history of madness started eating
his grandsons who died in July.
The man who was maybe hungry.
The man who started with interfering with the dead body, it also suffered trespass in the
graveyard.
Interferring with the dead body, it felt like that law that Arnold is passed in California,
no more necker and no more necking in the graveyard, no more necker or filio.
So you can't eat a little bit of it.
And here's a story even more grotesque than that.
You think that was the disgusting gross weight of your this?
In molten Alabama.
Now we know why Hurricane Ivan is on a way toward Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
all you mugwomps out there.
You're going to get yours.
Are you in bread mugwomps?
Probably, and in fact that's probably why it was struck in this.
Just missed because God sometimes misses he has in your miss.
Probably the poor bastards in Punic Gorda.
That was really meant for Nichols for Myers and the Beasley's no doubt.
Especially you, Joyce.
Damn it.
Oh, can I say that?
Better called Joyce as you can see.
Damn it.
God.
When this is in molten Alabama, you think they're molten in Alabama?
When the global never imagined the cost of a John Kerry Janet with bumper stickers would run so high.
This is what America has come to boys and girls.
Global of molten didn't pay a cent for the sticker that she proudly displays on the rear windshield of her Chevy Lumina,
but set across to her job at a local factory,
have had angered her boss, Bill Gattis.
Gattis, a Decatur bankruptcy attorney, owns and environment a cellular insulation company in molten.
Gattis didn't return phone calls from the Decatur Daily News about the Ledsters Day firing.
Global said she can sell the Deloitte, but then changed her mind about going to see
and she said she is cried about the incident, and must do without income for three weeks
while the 700 employment transition decides if she's eligible for compensation.
Global said she was averaging 50 to 60 hours a week on the plant's bagging machine.
The lady there at the unemployment commission said that she's never heard of a firing like this
ever before, Global said.
She gave this account of the story.
We were going back to work from a break my manager told me that Phil said to remove the sticker off my car
or I was fired, she said.
I told him that Phil couldn't tell me who to vote for, he said, go tell him.
She went to Gattis's office knocked on the door, entered it on his orders,
Phil another man who works there were there.
She said, I asked him if I had removed the sticker we said, yes I did.
I told him he couldn't tell me who to vote for, when I told him that he told me I own this place.
I told him he still couldn't tell me who to vote for.
Global said, Gattis told her, get out of here.
I asked him if I was fired, he told me he was thinking about it.
She said, I said, well am I fired?
He hollered and said, get out of here and shut the door.
She said her manager was standing in another room and she asked if if that meant for her to go back to work or go home.
The manager told him to go back to work but he came back a few minutes later and said, I reckon you're fired.
I reckon.
Isn't that good?
I reckon you're fired, he either worked for him or John Kerry, Global said.
I took off my gloves and threw them in the garbage and left, Global said.
Though she said I'm floyd uncertain if she'll get her job back, Global said.
She doesn't regret her decision to keep the sticker on her windshield.
I would like to find another job but I would take that job back because I need to work.
You said it upset me and made me mad that he could put a letter in my check expressing his political opinion.
But I can put something on my car expressing mine.
She was referring to a flyer that she, this is incredible.
She was referring to a flyer that she said, get us placed an employee envelope through mind them of the positive impact that President pushes policies ahead on them and employee at the plan to wouldn't identify himself confirm the contents of the letter.
Global provided a copy of the flyer that says, just so you know you will know because of the Bush tax cut, I was able to buy the new hammer mill.
I was able to finance our receivables.
I was able to get the new cat skid steer. I was able to get the wire cutter. I was able to give you a job.
It further says you've got the benefit of the Bush tax cut everyone did.
What a bunch of mugwomps man. Unfricken, un-failable.
Unbelievable.
It's becoming merceness and wild. I'll tell you that right now.
5.670560.560 on me. For one of the more or less singular wireless lines, why could a few calls in here today now?
A little bit more relaxed than yesterday when we had to just fly through this thing.
Right. Right? Yeah, because we had to cram all those extra spots in.
That was heavy duty. As a matter of fact, now that you mention that, let me take a look at the, oh yeah, she's done it again.
There you go again, Drill or whatever you are.
The water Nazi, she's done it again. She's crammed four minute breaks three of minimi, one to one thirty half hour.
So those of you who wanted to be part of one o'clock, you're excused.
Well, thank you. Bye.
On the outside.
Oh, because we got that Marlon pregame coming up at one thirty and we sure don't want to sacrifice anything in a spot because that's our motto at QM.
Spots be us.
This as long as we get the spots in, we don't give a flying crap about anybody or whether we can get the information right or servicing our cars.
And by the way, Adam, I still don't hear any more about those shutters. I should have been thinking about how that whole thing's going to end.
I think it's going to end in a very ugly way.
Line nine is with this WQA and hello.
Yeah, what is it?
Yeah, okay. Thanks.
What was it? That was it? WQA and hello.
What the shit, I'm on the other.
Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
I call you this is good because we're going to get a whole lot of good calls in here to do.
Right?
We missed that restaurant since they closed down. Which one is that?
Shizzler.
Yeah, the Schizzler.
Got lots of shit there.
All you can eat.
Lots of what?
She's here.
Oh.
What do you think I said?
I don't want to go there.
I think I can smell some.
I think it's coming from the south.
Maybe I should start, maybe I should start singing some of the songs from the song of the South.
WQA and hello.
Yes, my name is here.
Yes sir, sounds exactly like your voice.
Thank you. I was about to go in an Alabama that wants to job over that.
Because she's not so record over there, I don't think she can talk when we lose that.
She's stupid. She's stupid as a...
She's a...
Yeah.
She's a winter water or settlement. I don't know.
Thank you.
You get right on her.
Okay, call a good lawyer if you can find one.
Of course it'd be one of them.
They're at home judges.
Yeah, they're one of them.
Yeah, I'm a judge.
Probably knows Mr. whatever's name was, Giza or whatever's name.
Where it overall is under his cover.
You bet.
WQA and hello.
QA and?
Yeah, I want to ask you what a month warm is.
WQA and hello.
Hi, silly.
Look at the mirror, Jackass.
WQA and hello.
You're good.
Yes sir.
You know, I just wanted to point out in case I don't know if you actually catch any of the Howard show at the end.
No, I do not.
Well, I didn't think you did, but I just wanted to say, make mention that, you know, Duff and Clarence or whoever it is that's pushing the button.
And when they get going, it really makes for quality radio, you know what I mean?
No, I don't know what you mean.
They've just pushed the button and it drops and it drops and you can't hear anything.
So all you hear is the...
You can't ask an honest question.
Seriously. I mean, you're not in the radio business, right?
No, not at all.
Even though you're not in it, you're just on the outside as a listener.
Yeah.
If you were in this business, would you put a program on the air that you had to have two people sitting in a button?
In other words, you had so little confidence that you could error the content of that program that you had to keep pushing a yellow button and dumping and dumping.
What would be the point of doing that? I've screwed up the whole line up of the entire radio station to put a program on the air that you can't allow to be on the air.
Well, what's the point in that?
So five.
What is it?
So five perhaps?
Oh, so five.
What a game to set.
Neal and another thing.
The girl that says the American F in a way, can you play that whole thing?
No.
What whole thing?
Oh, oh.
The voice man only thinks he's talking about it.
Yeah, the one that we did the...
That's the American F in a way.
I'll have to redo that just like I did the drop there.
I'll redo it for you just to make you happy.
The voice man has other things in there that we can't play.
Likewise.
Polls.
Really?
Okay, so like I said, no, but have a great day.
No, we can't stay or play anything anymore.
Thanks basically to one Ojiyan Provocaturan town, who evidently is up to his old tricks again and spread it.
See, this is one thing about the religious genetics.
The self-profane, holier than vows.
Oh, we're better than you are and you're a bunch of pervert.
But in the meantime, they just can't even live up to their agreements.
And no matter what it is that they say, they're lying through their teeth.
So we're on the...
Okay, looney tunes.
We're on to your crap and you just can't restrain.
You can't control yourself because you're obsessed with me, obsessed with this program, obsessed with Howard Stern.
It has nothing to do with cleaning up the airways.
And the idea that all of American broadcasting is going to have to come to a screeching halt.
And we have to have two people sitting on the yellow buttons because of one individual
who has decided that it was appointed himself as the moral sensor for mankind on acceptable is what that is.
Trust me when I tell you.
1056 at 560, because if one person wants to break an agreement, then the other one very easily can.
And really unleash a torrent of truth about who's responsible for why you keep hearing them dumps on Howard Stern's row and why that goes on.
Trust me, like I said.
Anyway, if you got a business here, if you're in charge of ordering ink jets, thermocarbon paper and supplies,
I want you to pick up their phone right now and call 1-800-2879-212.
That's the number 4-A laser recharge, the toner recharge cartridge specialist.
They provide service support and maintenance for most makes and models of machines to make them run just like brand new again.
When you call 800-2879-12, you'll save money in all your printing and office equipment supplies.
For those of you who haven't called, what could you possibly be waiting for?
When you call 1-800-2879-12, you'll be dealing with just Bob, who's been supplying business in South Florida with what they need in most cases within 24 hours.
A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing to all the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are remanufactured, not refilled.
Any schlep on a street corner or anywhere in the world can sell your cheap refilled cartridge, but you only get what you pay for so why buy a crap.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only way to go.
Write down this number and call these folks as soon as you can because they'll save you a pile of money.
800-2879-212-A laser recharge, part of their individualized service.
I know for you, no questions, ask satisfaction guarantee.
So whether it's toner, cartridge, all of these...
All of these things.
Just pick up that phone and call just Bob and Alaser Recharge toll free 1-800-2879-12 or log on to their website, alaserrecharge.com.
1-800-2879-212
1-800-2879-212-A laser recharge.
1-800-2879-212-A laser recharge.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
This November, make your voice heard in a Syrian 90-deruptive way.
This November, softer active on.
Hello, I'm Phil Collins, did it? Please join me and my other adult contemporary friends and softer off the phone, will you?
In their right glory.
That's right, Phil. I'm Gloria Asesco.
Get on your feet, come on and make it happen. Register for soft rock's of votes today!
If you stop playing attention to the issues about the same time you stop playing attention to music, then you adjust the time we leave to soft rock devolved.
Sir, I'm Terry Srockett from Hoody the Globe Fish. Remember me?
Yeah, it doesn't matter. As long as you remember to soft rock of vote. Don't you agree, Michael?
Hey, I'm Michael Bolton. And if there's one thing a man loves more than a woman, it's his right to express political opinions, just outdated as his taste in music.
So whether you're in the dentist's office, an elevator to supermarket, or at grandma's house, get down, but not too loudly or rhythmically, and register to...
Soft rock devolved! All right!
It's a 1-102, who I like that. What was that? Drop a ball.
It was a little... A little like stir bonus. I love this fact we just got. This is a great idea.
Reminds me of that cab ride I told you about. I had that one night. Did I take about that?
You're a complicated cab driver who was falling asleep. I covered a lot of territory anymore. It's not complicated.
Yes, well, he was falling asleep at the wheel and it was about 2.30 in the morning. I was like, uh, uh, kept clearing my throat real loud as if to say,
are you a wakeer as it's just a my assuming because you're weaving all over the road. Maybe you're just a bad driver or both of these things.
No, just your imagination. Maybe you're a fool.
Anyway, the fact is I want to die the same way my grandpa, the bus driver, died in a peaceful sleep. Not yelling at him. This is so great.
Not yelling and screaming like his passengers. That's great!
And of course it would have been the same when I cab ride back from a woodbine. I would teach me to be plunging my brains up.
And never would have done it again. Anyway, how do you think you will die? That's our poll question today in Magnificent.
How come our audience don't face us in more polls, man? We get some great ones from this crowd. Not that many, but when they do come in, they're pretty good.
How do you think you'll die? Old age-sized natural causes leading the way 45. Wishful thinking. That's what I voted.
144 I got in good genes. I can't get them on, but I got good genes.
Heart attack 41, cancer 25, boredom 16. Oh, and especially in the afternoon.
Come on, bring the hopper back. We're here, please. Let me just finish the poll before I go off on that.
Traffic accident 9, terrorist attack 5 or in a hurricane 3.
Look at the fact. Are you watching CNN? No.
Did you see the blubber on that kid? Oh, there we go.
About like a 1920 year old guy. Not a bad looking kid as a matter of fact.
He had boobs like even Oprah's aren't that big. I mean, just think of the boobs.
Yes. Let me see something else.
That's what I'm talking about. That's what you're looking at.
Oh, look at that. There's boob chamby.
Anyway.
Now, what that was always going to talk about the hopper, I was going to go off on that and then you interrupted me with a bunch of boob.
Look at those porkers, man. Look at that fat.
Oh, look at that. Oh, geez. I'm not that fat. Oh, well.
Anyway, fat. Let me just tell you right now, fat is gross.
Taking from somebody who sees it in the mirror all the time I get out of the shower.
I look at it. Oh, geez.
Gross. Tess. Fat is really nauseating.
All right. I thought I wanted to make any of you other fat people beside anything you'll be real bad about it.
Because I know it's frustrating and very difficult. And, you know, you feel so.
But one of them things, man, fat is bad. It kills you. It looks like crap. Fat people are just...
And you know the people that really break my heart.
What we've talked about this before are like people who really would be very, very great looking people.
Male, female in between, understanding.
Right. And if they were so fat, right?
You know what I mean? If not for.
Yeah. If not for the fact that they had all that pudge on their...
Right. That is tragic.
Yeah.
And you want to say to them, God, if you lose about 30 or 40 pounds, I might like, you know, have to come see you again.
You want to. Sometimes I do.
Do you really? Yeah.
Well, how about...
Car bomb and fat. So, you keep interrupting me. I'm trying to talk about my good friend, a hopper and you keep interrupting me with the...
I keep a move stuff and fat.
How can it... is it possible? First of all, I mean, I know my agent is Shlomp.
You know, he's obsessed with his, uh, phagotry and phagoreal.
That's all he knows in baseball. That's basically it.
But, uh, what kind of an agent and a lawyer could have a hopper, a big child like him that's on TV, nation wide, everything?
That allows this practical one where we keep reading like Saturday, there was another very jackass piece about,
well, Hank Goldberg's at home, but he still hasn't heard from Greg Reed and he's still going to know whether he's coming back.
And I mean, how long do you put up with that? Sure, he's getting paid for not working, but in the meantime, he's got like all these years invested in the marketplace.
Probably, uh...
About 30 men.
And, uh, like the end of the misty little waffling on this?
See, I just don't buy this idea that I'm going to sit back and allow any of these sports franchise people to decide who I'm going to have on the year.
That's what really thrust my ass.
It's like before I started on this station, there was Christina Moron, the voice of the almost-of-fun panthers.
By the way, midnight tonight, that's the end of hockey for a long time.
But, uh, at any rate, uh, remember this, uh, well Wayne's going to be very upset.
He won't allow an average of your riders, never's on the RQM, because Wayne will pull it off and it's right away.
Well, I didn't happen.
Nor should it happen.
Just because we have a bunch of sports franchises on here, the idea that we let any of those people decide who can be on the year,
because, you remember the first hang-suspension when we were on this station?
Were we on, or was it before we came here?
I don't know which one the first one was.
Oh, it's because he mouted off about screwing up the water.
No, I was the real friend.
We were enjoying a nice vacation during that.
Well, at any rate, they made up this bogus story about he ripped the food in the press box at PP Park,
and that's why he was suspended.
Does anybody believe that, Charlie?
Oh, you know?
So, I think it's getting really old and ponderous the fact that they keep finding ways to suspend the fat humper and wither without pay,
and then they screwing over the audience.
Remember the pull we took last week, covered you forget?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe it was when I was down there two weeks ago.
I think it was.
Yeah.
Who the audience wants to hear in the afternoon?
It's not even close.
Then last, way, way on the ass end of that pull with just a smidgen, not barely even showing, was the guilty and his former partner in crime.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Mo.
And the most time goes by, the more we keep wondering, what is going on in this place?
When is this main?
When is Gregory Reed ever going to get his act together already?
And talk about lies.
Oh, well, I'll get to that later.
Talk about a man who couldn't tell you a straight story if his life depended on him.
Now that the assault weapon band ran out of midnight last night,
if you bought an AK-47 Aninusian stuck on both inside of the building,
you can't tell you the truth.
Here's a fact from Devon, who says I have a huge problem with John Kerry.
The biggest one being where the hell is he?
He seems to disappear at times.
No kidding.
As much as you and I hate her, Neil, John Kerry should have skinny ass.
What is it?
Have his skinny ass on big Oprah show talking to soccer moms about health care and education?
He should be on MTV telling kids that he knows what wars are like
and wouldn't send them to die for no good reason and without a plan.
He should be on Leno and Letterman, not that dead lizard, I'mus.
He and John Edwards should be all over America,
any other liberals who have a venue in the public airways.
Someone should really kick his ass in and give before it's too late.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Absolutely correct, sir.
I guess what?
It looks like, see, I told you this before the show, and I've said it,
I'm going to say it again over and over again after I mentioned it.
I look for the QM fan right now at the show station just west of I-95 on Sheridan Street.
The one over there by where Paxen used to be,
where we used to work at WIOD, which we hate like poison,
just west of Sheridan Street on just west of I-95 on Sheridan,
the big show station right by where George lives,
stop by to pick up tickets to the Mars Moms Expo's Game of the Pro.
They don't have to spend the wheel, they don't have to kiss them,
they don't have to go on the lips and do anything else.
How do you got to do this and say, hey, how about some tickets for the game tomorrow?
You got them, right?
Right.
Do it right now.
Now, what was I about to say?
Oh, when Kerry blew it big time.
They gave him that opening, you could have driven a fleet of Mack trucks through it
when they asked him if you knew, I mean, this is after they're admitting finally
these Nazis in Power Ho have sacrificed over a thousand American lives over there
and countless thousands of Iraqis lives, liberation by decapitation,
emancipation by palpitation.
And they said, if you knew back when you voted,
cast that vote to give the president power to go to war,
that there were no weapons of access to destruction,
that this whole thing was based on a pack of lies,
would you have changed your vote?
Oh, no.
And everybody's like, did we, is, do we need a hearing aid?
I mean, do we really hear what we thought we just heard?
Say it again?
Oh, no.
That was it.
Although I will say this, that the draft arch and stuff that's finally coming out,
which we know about for a long time, but the media desperately didn't want to tell us about it,
that's starting to have a little impact, because newsweek last week,
before the draft arch and stuff came out about Bush,
and the real fact that, beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was a wall and didn't show up,
he was 11 points at last week in that pool now,
and newsweek's new pool only five points.
So maybe there's like a little, a little tiny ray of light at the end of the tunnel.
You're looking at what your binoculars with a mob pal, a martelloscope,
and wait out there.
And of course, it's seven weeks from today's the election.
Seven weeks from today, accounting?
No.
So I don't want to be nervous, Carrie,
but time has run out, sweetheart.
Better kick it in a gear right now.
Better crank it up a notch or two, sweetheart.
And like Marine Dowt said yesterday, what the hell happened to a John Edwards?
They got him in a broom closet somewhere.
He was supposed to be the olden boy.
Maybe he was still in the spotlight.
And while what spotlight?
Carrie sure is a late-most spotlight.
We need to put, and of course, poor Baba, he's at home in Chapacol recuperating,
probably getting some service every now and then,
and certainly not by the ice princess.
Anyway, some more bad news from Iraq.
Bad news, dead Iraq.
A salons day launched two daily assaults at Iraqi police targets,
killing 47 people in a car bombing at a police recruit line in Baghdad,
and 12 police officers in a drive-by shooting in Bacobah.
Where's that Bacuba?
In his al-Hanis website, today,
post-aclaims a responsibility for both the tax-buy group
affiliated with Jordanian militant Abu Masha'abalzar Karui.
Oh, not again.
Deadly attacks against police targets have been a constant
in the Iraqi insurgency.
He has rebels attempt to intimidate Iraq.
He's in torrent from during the fledgling government security forces,
whose growth and power are important to Iraq's future stability.
Future stability, my ass, okay?
You've got a blood bath going on over there,
and it's getting worse every single day.
And the public says,
oh, but he's so good on that war on terrorism.
And all the reports point out that he was a total failure in a war on terrorism,
that there is no real war against terrorism,
and don't confuse the public for the fact
because Oprah gave a card to every bitch in the audience yesterday.
So, bug off.
And we're boxing jury's springer.
Well, speaking of jury's springer, oh my god!
I want you to know, how did I almost forget about Angela Huda-Chek?
I beg your pardon.
Not Darcy Huda-Chek.
Chuck.
Angela Huda-Chek.
Huda-Far.
Don't you know this Texas woman?
Did you see her on there?
No.
What show did they have her on last night?
I'm going to tell you this Texas woman,
the daughter disappeared, the 12-year-old daughter.
Okay.
And the stepfather, the stepfather wrote love letters and said he was madly in over the daughter.
And now she's elected into Disney World and she's been all over and, huh?
No, I don't know about that.
Oh man!
You talk about a, it was like an on-air audition for jury's springer.
I have never seen such a mug-wump woman in my life.
I just, I can't believe it.
And she got a little bit nervous when the daughter told her,
well, daddy, meeting the stepfather,
the daddy touched my poopy.
Mm-hmm.
But she don't think he ever done it again.
Her boy, 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 W.A.
I'm happy Tuesday to him.
Marlon's there kicking ass, baby.
Now the cut is of one yesterday, 72.
Don't let Judge Court just be any more phony balls for his impact.
Whatever he tells you, the opposite is true.
Take him to the track, whatever horse he bets, just cross it out.
Okay?
Haven't he picked it until there's only one left,
and that's the one to plunge your guts on.
Working that game today, Josh.
He's just Josh in here.
I think his brain is about the size of a...
See you.
Oh, speak of that.
If you're on the Atkins, the South Beach Sugar Bus,
there's many low-carb sugar-free diet.
Head for the Lice of West Booker for years now.
The Lice has held thousands of low-carb dieters out there.
Get rid of that disgusting fat I was talking about only moments ago
and achieved their weight loss goals.
And now the Lice of West Booker celebrating their 14th big fat anniversary
with special discounts, about the 50% off on low-carb products
like carbohydrates, like curbsense, and lots more.
And is the anniversary super special?
You can save half off on all Atkins brand foods and supplements too.
Don't forget their fantastic slices of low-carb bakery items like cheesecakes,
reds, rolls, brownies, and lots more.
And as always, if you like, and this is one of the great things about this store,
you can sample anything in this store before you buy it to make sure you like it.
They got an knowledgeable staff who knows who they are,
and they're open every day until 10-2.
Don't forget that guaranteed lowest price policy on all.
Atkins carbolide-curied-delight products that they will not be under sold.
The Lice of West Booker you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441
right next to the ubiquitous Boston market, or column toll free at 1-877-LowCarb
or on the web it's lowcarb.com. That's L-O-W-C-A-R-B.
Don't forget the Lice of West Booker, the one and only, your official Atkins retail centers.
You're the engine wheel Roger.
And this looks into a firm on 560-50-LU-A-R.
Then, nail Rogers.
And welcome back to Jeopardy 2097.
I'm Alex Cadet with this, which is our winner for the past 92-earth years and Jennings.
Maybe a pleasure to be here at Alex Number 5.
Oh, it should be noted that during the great space battle of 2042,
Mr. Jennings was reanimated as a cyborg, who's won a grand total of 987 quadrillion dollars.
Ten category fees.
I'll take things on me. I know for 10 million addicts.
Enter. This rare plutonium isotope was what is 94.11-J.
Correct.
And for say 5, I'm now going to give the answer to all the other remaining questions.
Well, that's Heidi Irregator.
What is underarm, what is death-cut-bye, what is the answer to our collectivist death-cut-bye?
The well-joined is tomorrow for another totally addition of Jeopardy 2097 followed by a few at his sphere of fortune.
Living 19 at 560 W.C. and I have something coming off the printer right now that you're going to just love.
All right.
Here it is.
Oh, okay.
A lot of pages of this two pages, okay?
Got the first one on my hand right now. I'm going to reach back and grab the other one.
Got it.
A business school professor who taught George W. Bush at Harvard University in the early 70s says,
the future person who told him that family friends had pulled strings to get him into the Texas Air National Guard.
Abu Gharr raised this chicaneery, this farce, this big ass,
so that there's another in a long series of lives continues to be unmasked and just in the nicotine.
Yoshit Surumi, in his first on-camera interview on the subject told CNN that Bush confided in him during an afterclass hallway conversation during the 1973-74 school year.
He admitted to me that to avoid the Vietnam draft, he had his dad, he said his dad's friends,
skipped him through the long waiting list to get him into the Texas National Guard Surumi said, he thought that was a smart thing to do.
While the campaign hasn't responded directly to its Surumi's allegations, White House Communications Director Dan Bartlett said last week,
every time President Bush gets near another election, all the innuendo and rumors about President Bush and the service of the National Guard come to the forefront,
in other words, they start getting a little bit too close to the truth.
Yoshit said in the past that neither he nor his father sought special treatment for him, any allegation that my dad, after his special favors is simply not true, he said 99.
Surumi said Vietnam was a hot topic among the 85 students in his class when he was a visiting associate professor at Harvard from 1972 to 1976.
He now teaches at Brook College in New York.
What I couldn't stand when I told him that he was all for U.S. continuing the fight with the Vietnam War, that means he was all for other people, Americans to keep fighting and dying, but not him.
Kinda sounds like what's going on now, don't it?
A little bit, with all his buddies, the chicken hawks, the neocons, the lunatics.
Surumi got to know Bush when the future President took his economics environmental analysis for management, EAM,
it required two semester class from the fall of 1973 to the spring of 1974, Bush's first year at Harvard's Business School.
Surumi said he remembers Bush because every teacher remembers their best and worst students and Bush was in the latter group, lazy, he didn't come to my class prepared Surumi said he did very poorly.
Surumi concedes that he disappears of Bush's politics, he would let her the editor of his hometown newspaper, these stars they'll inquire that the writer of the President claims to be a compassionate conservative.
Somehow I found him to be totally devoid of compassion, social responsibility and good study disciplines to Rumi said what I do remember about him as he was all the kind of flippant statements that he made inside a classroom as well as outside.
Surumi said he's not working for any Democratic group or for the Kerry campaign, the only activity I do is to vote for a Kerry, he said.
Surumi has been speaking out against Bush by giving newspaper radio interviews, the professor's comments come as former Texas politician, former state house speaker, Lieutenant Governor Ben Barnes, I said it was he who got pushed into the guard, yaudi-audi-audi-n, anybody who don't want to believe it, you're just farting in a wind storm, okay?
You're farting into that big jug and a hurricane in the Gulf, now what's all this other stuff you said?
Wow, stuff, it's about a hooligan, it's a pages of stuff.
It's a little interesting.
It is?
If you live in Boca.
Well, let me just read it cold here, okay?
Oh God, well, let me give it a shot, okay?
I have to trust your judgment on this, all right?
Which is sometimes okay, and then of course sometimes.
When he speaks principal Jeff McKee said, now what is this from? Where is this from?
I don't know, from the fact that she...
No, I understand that Boca principle under fire for making references to God.
When he speaks principal Jeff McKee said he presents his true self, a man who prays to God.
Oh God.
But to this may as several teachers, Mickey is spoken of God at staff meetings at least three times since he became Boca Raton's high school principal year ago.
It's a start of Bible Crest for students also has made some parents question his devotion to religion-free public education.
This is a public school, and this is for the son of the son of the...
I see, thank you.
Earlier this month, Mickey told teachers he had asked God to help find a May 4 language instructor and sure enough she appeared.
He knew this story might offend some on the staff, but he said he feels compelled to present himself honestly.
Well why doesn't he pray that that hurricane Ivan doesn't go into the Gulf and just vanishes up in the air so all and people are going to die there in Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, and going to die?
Why doesn't he pray for something useful like that instead of some stupid asses of foreign language teacher?
Sure.
I don't think there's anything wrong or one constitutional with acknowledging God in public he said.
The president talks about God frequently and that's the problem.
I believe it's appropriate for public officials to make references to God as long as a particular church isn't being promoted or put down.
Why can't they stop? Why can't of the God squad? Why can't they stop it?
Mickey called public education God's work and made other references to God to teach your meetings last year.
He also tried to start a class this year called inter-arching to the Bible.
Well that's like a particular religion. He must have been talking about the Koran, wasn't it?
He took two and felt crappy in the morning.
The classes approved by the state but he canceled it because of a lack of student interest.
He said he might try to be a next year.
Karen Vicki, Captain, a complainer, Mickey about the course and has since been monitoring his performance.
We're monitoring you.
She said she asked him why he thought it was important that public school students learned the Bible.
He said it was the greatest book ever written and to me that shows some prejudice of Captain A. at Roman Catholic.
I'm not anti-religion anyway. She said but if I wanted my children to have religious education, I would have sent them to Pope John Paul the tooth high school.
A small group of teachers through his criticizing the principal who came to Boka from Spanish River High and Boka.
They say his religious references make them uncomfortable. They feel squeamish.
Kind of like watching them snakehandlers, they feel squeamish.
There should be freedom from religion in the workplace and heg homeohannis whatever who teaches art.
He's crossing the boundary all the time.
The line between religion and public education establishment, the first amendment seems simple, but in practice the line is less clear.
Said Michael Carr spoke to him for the National Association of Secondary School.
But this goes on and on and on.
It's just too much. Keep it out of the schools.
Okay? Keep the focus on the superstitions, out of the schools, out of the casinos, out of the public places, and go out into a broom closet and pray with a bunch of crap.
Okay? Pretty or fictitious, wishful thinking God.
That's aistic evil God that impeded all these horrendous diseases and all of these plagues, locusts and all of these things.
Not to mention all in creepy crawlies too, and cockroaches.
Stuff like that.
That's a bad news speaking of cockroaches. What a great segue. I guess he was back on the floor to battle it for the time being.
Oh yeah, really?
Old 65 Corvere Drive and Ralf Dator. We just can't make him go away.
You know what? The same old turds just keep showing up.
You turt! Year after year.
Independent presidential candidate Ralf Dator was back on floor to his belt yesterday as a candidate for the Reform Party, but that slot is still shaky.
Almost as shaky as he is.
It's quite a rollercoaster ride. It said Kevin Zeece, a native spokesman in Washington.
The state's top elections official directed local election supervisor to include Nators name after she appealed a court order to the contrary.
Although circuit judge Kevin Baby ordered Secretary St. Glenda Hood last week to remove Nators name who repeal Monday to the first district court of appeal suspended that order, Baby has the power to reimpose his order and the state Democratic Party, which had challenged Nators placement on the ballot immediately last time to hold an emergency hearing to do just that.
But he's busy out on the West Coast and we're screwing around.
Most Democrats in any Republicans even agree that Nators presence on the 2000 ballot cost gore, the presidency, not to mention of course the Fony Count.
That's so really correct.
How do you like that? And Jim Bush says, well, probably his name ought to be on there because otherwise Kerry might win the state and that would be bad.
You know our fat ass governor, Jim Bush, that way.
27 past 11 at 5.60 WQAM. I got the wrong copy here.
Oh. Well, no, I don't want to do that to our good friends at broad concepts. They've been on with us for a very long time.
And I want to make sure I got all those other phone numbers right.
You know the ones I'm talking about?
No, which ones? The wrong ones?
No, the special ones. The wrong ones in the copy that Troy usually provides for us.
For many years now over 25 as a matter of fact, right conscious sets us help keep your carpet clean and healthy over 20 years in my house.
They've been doing it. And right now, bright concept stands ready to help you return your house to normal if you've got yourself water damage from Hurricane Francis.
They've made arrangements to be a staging area for water damage restoration services.
Help us come in from several northern states within abundance of equipment to help with the restoration process.
So if you need help, first try the main dry concepts number toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1.
That's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1. If you can't get through, try 9 5 4 2 1 4 69 24 or 9 5 4 4 4 4 4 92 76 or 9 5 4 2 1 4 69 23.
Again, if you got water damage from Hurricane Francis and a lot of you folks did dry concepts is waiting to help you restore your home back to its normal state.
Nobody will do a job like they'll do for your column. If that toll free number 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1.
That's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1.
You are a seasoned meal Roger.
For rest of your work, I'm going to ask you to do a amp.
Biking.
Absoluted.
Yes.
I'm going to ask you to do a amp.
I'm going to ask you to do a amp.
I'm going to ask you to do a amp.
I'm going to ask you to do a amp.
You just become loved.
I said, hey, Amber, let's go back Christmas trees.
A little bit later on, I'll go on and kill Link's spring.
It's got to take me.
Oh yeah, I'll marry you.
But first, there's a little thing I need to do.
I said, oh yeah, I will be engaged.
As soon as I get over my homicide old dreams.
Send you the video about Amber and Scott.
Two or three years will never pass like that.
1133, 27-o'-o'-noon and five stays.
Don't forget, go to that QM van right now as I speak before them tickets are all gone.
Are they gone yet?
I assumed they're not because they were told it's that they were.
QM van is at the Shell stays in Waitin'on.
You just rise to the I-95 on the Sheridan Street.
Stived by to pick up three tickets for tomorrow's Marlon's Exposed Games.
The double header with the Pro tomorrow.
In fact, maybe they'll give you tickets for both games if you talk real nice, but I doubt it.
Anyway, remember Pete McCloskey?
No.
Pete McCloskey, who represented San Francisco Peninsula in Congress, he was a Republican from San Francisco in 1967-83, earned a Navy Cross Silver Star.
Two Purple Hearts is a Marine Rifle Platoon leader during the Korean War.
And wrote this column for the Mercury News on a West Coast.
He says, if you're a true Republican, you'll vote for Kerry.
Although I'm a lifelong Republican, he writes, I'll vote for John Kerry on November 2.
The choice seems simple on the traditional principles of the Republican Party.
I first met John Kerry in the spring of 1971.
Each of us was just back from Vietnam.
He has a Navy officer and I as a member of Congress, and we're appalled by what we had seen there.
I found Kerry to be idealistic, courageous, and above all else truthful to a fault.
He demonstrated courage in Vietnam, but as Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. once said,
the courage to speak against verbatim opinion and civil strike is often greater than that demanded on the battlefield.
During Kerry's public career after his election of a Senate, he has clearly grown and matured, I believe he's incapable of delivered the seat or dissembling.
This alone represents a refreshing hope for return of public faith in our government.
That Kerry has attained the solid support of former Secretary of Defense William Perry, with whom he has worked for years on issues of nuclear proliferation,
can furnish his ability to study, listen, and reach sound judgments.
The primary issue in November will be who can best lead us in the bitter struggle against the Islamic fundamentalists who perpetrated 9-11 and were willing to die to kill Americans throughout the world.
The Iraq occupates this cost thousands of new suicide bombers to join the G-Hod against us, with Kerry as President,
the nation will properly be focused to battle away from Iraq and against the true enemy Al-Qaeda.
As Kerry has stated, we desperately need the cooperation of every country in the world, friend and enemy, where terrorist selves can germinate and operate.
We need to be more humble in asking for this assistance, a return of these speaks softly but Kerry a big stick philosophy of Teddy Roosevelt should be far more effective than the bluster, bravado, and shock and all firepower of the Neocon advisory who have come and geared White House foreign policy.
There are many other reasons to support John Kerry. The incredible budget deficit is projected to be 2.3 million dollars or more in the next decade.
This respect for the United Nations, international law, and these Geneva conventions, secrecy and government, all of these things are positions Kerry would certainly reverse.
As a Catholic, Kerry assured to maintain the constitutional separation between church and state, recognizing that while indeed we are nation under God, everyone is free to choose his own faith in God.
Or not, in which he left out.
He will also end the inordinate secrecy that is characterized as a administration that seems inevitable that a matter of importance is our national energy policy could be decided in secret by vice president, it seems incredible that I say inevitable.
It seems incredible that a matter of importance our national energy policy could be decided in secret by vice president, big Chinese energy task force, individuals who is very names of him with help from the public.
Kerry's record on environmental issues has superb an area where the Bush administration has been a disaster.
Finally, there is the matter where John Ashcroft and prospective judicial appointees who could undo Roe vs Wade, a woman's right to choice in many of these civil liberties we've earned over 225 years.
Each of the four going reasons for supporting John Kerry is based on traditional Republican values, a fiscal responsibility, limited governmental intrusion and accountability of individuals.
In truth, John Kerry and John Edwards come far closer to the Republicanism of Teddy Roosevelt, Earl Warren, very goldwater, George Worsley, Alderineus, even Richard Nixon, then does the president incumbent.
Ending secrecy and bringing truth on the speed back to the White House serves reasons enough to elect Kerry and Edwards.
How do you like that? Well said, how come he ain't saying that? That's what I'd like to know.
Well, he's another one of those cowardly veterans. Yeah, right.
Man, how come they're not articulating their vision? How come they're not attacking? And I don't want to keep going through it because it's so damn frustrating.
It's so damn frustrating. Oh, sorry, Joyce. I didn't say that I was thinking it. You idiot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get about, oh, we got like less than two hours to go. And of course, once we get to one o'clock, it's finito, finito, baby. The ballgame's over.
What we can do is really blogging through. And that let Josh play the rest of the spots that we can both leave.
Yeah, that's a good idea. Stern can do a wide-how can't I?
Right. 20 minute breaks, baby. We just won't do any breaks from now until like about 1, no quarter to 1.
That was just lump of all in there from 12, 45 to 130. How's that sound? Oh.
I just don't understand this. That's going on. I do not understand.
And the one thing that I want everybody who's listening to me right now to make it to listen very carefully to what I'm going to tell you.
Okay. And this is beyond the shadow of a doubt. Wait, let me turn the TV on.
I wanted to think about a guy who's standing on the 15th floor balcony of a big hotel.
Let's go to sweating pool. Okay. Overlooking the pool.
And he goes to the edge of the balcony. He's got a bet. He's got a $10,000 bet with his buddies that he's going to jump off of that balcony into that pool and go right splash in the middle and come out.
The big smile on his face. Okay. The only problem is he doesn't look to see if there's any water in the pool. That's Greg Reed.
And Greg Reed can sit with a straight face or with his finger in that hole in his head or whatever he wants and tell people that he had a discussion with me about how the Howard Sterns show was going to impact this show and the station and the Audi Audi and all of these things.
And he's telling you crap. Okay. Because he I haven't had any conversation about anything of any substance for more than like 30 seconds when he sticks his head in the door on the road occasion when I'm there.
Thank goodness. In fact, the last time I had any conversation with him was that phone call I got from him.
When I was sitting right here about how he's decided to terminate George Rodriguez because somebody was like holding his feet to the fire and wanted your ass fired because he had the audacity to fax me those emails.
Those were amazing emails from people ripping him an ass. I don't want to mention the name on here. Remember that? I'm sure you do.
I forgot. I had to go to bed as usual for the 400th time to save your little ass. That's the last conversation I've had of any significance having to do with this show with a station of anything, anything other than hello and goodbye and usually an even hello or goodbye.
So he can be talking crap out his ass about how he did this now. He just hopped right into this thing and now now let's suffer the consequences. Now let's see how it's going to affect everybody and how to help we deal with it and what are we doing? Who's on first, etc.
And so on. Even rainman. That's right. Even Dustin Hoffman and rainman had a better concept of a clue what I was going on around him. At least he knew the good underwear was a cameart and Cincinnati anyway.
Well, that's what you think. And by the way, don't ever get in the phone with him.
You're listening to all the new Roger's exclusive and unbiased.
For us, they're beautiful. Congratulations, satellite.
The way he wears his head that's feeling a little like a tree.
He'll make you feel like a child.
Oh, get ready for more Donald Trump. His fancy pet house sweeps. His pet is good to be.
I wonder who he'll come on. On the apprentice to with Donald Trump.
Who will be the scissor of the world's high waste they bring back Sam. No matter who makes his room Trump won't give a damn.
He'll make you look like swine.
Who's watching Caroline. He'll make a blonde child.
Yeah, that's the man that is out Trump. On to 100, 40, eights.
He's got a big old run.
All the playing on champs because he's Donald Trump has show the limbo scene.
Still wins Joe that's genius. And why is the strong?
He comes back strong as a disguise Trump.
We don't ever know what it would be like to have a fully-hero house.
But to be in bed with that hot boy you can now.
Oh, the way he wears his hair that's feeling like a tree.
He'll make you feel like a child.
Oh, he is getting ready for more Donald Trump. On to 100, 40, eights.
How long?
In fact, he puts the MAM in man. What does that stand for?
What's he do about nothing?
People who have a lot of money, no, nothing wrong with having a lot of money.
Even if you stole it like some people did.
I'm not interested. I'm not impressed.
But it's been it enjoy your life just get out of my face.
Right? Why do we care about those people?
Why do we care about what's his name and what's her name?
What's your name?
I don't know. Opera.
While driving my, here's the fact from one listener.
While driving my 15-year-old home from a private brown county high school.
He asked if I thought President Bush might get reelected.
I told him it is very possible.
Oh, I hope not.
I asked how come you're asking and he responded.
His social studies teacher told him that if Bush were reelected,
the draft was going to be reinstituted.
So now my son is actually about the election.
The war in Iraq and the draft.
Well, that's good. I hope your kid votes several times,
even though he's not old enough.
He's close enough.
Right.
And, and, one has to wonder as much as we may agree with the social studies teacher,
what kind of stuff is that to be telling the students in class?
Right.
Nothing right?
Don't disagree with it, but that's the truth.
We agree wholeheartedly.
But what kind of business is that for the social studies teacher?
I don't know what school it is, and it doesn't say it.
It's probably just as well.
To be telling the students that if Bush were reelected,
the draft was going to be reelected.
We, we wholeheartedly disapprove of it.
He teaches China that, but don't stop until I turn November 2nd.
Right?
Right.
Totally inappropriate.
It's like it's inappropriate for the God Squad to be indifficient.
They're bullcrap.
They're focused, focused, into a public school, especially.
Outrageous.
300 and some on votes on a pool there today.
317.
How do you think you will die?
And of course last two or three weeks,
so all this hurricane crap going on,
I'm sure that's been rambling through some people's minds,
wouldn't you think?
I think so, yeah.
I'm dying on the air.
Right.
118 out of 321 say of old age and actual causes,
heart attack 89, cancer 54,
and don't forget God invented a lot of these things.
Most of them.
Vortem 41, and I think we invented that.
Traffic accident 11, in a hurry teen 5,
or in a terrorist attack?
Oh my God.
Only 5.
So I guess this audience isn't getting sucked into that bush,
a hysteria machine, as far as getting everybody all whipped up into a frenzy.
Oh, we're going to die.
The terrorists are going to get us.
We've got to keep bush in there for another 50 years, you know.
First him for four more and then we got Jeff for eight more years after that.
Then we got George P after that for eight more years,
and then we'll all be dead anyway.
No, don't forget the wealth.
Oh yeah, I forgot about her.
She could be the first rip-wort and roaring snorting the president.
No she wouldn't.
She would be the first snorting president.
We sure all know about that, don't we?
And then the response from my old turds like Bob Novak,
well we all know about his youthful indiscretion.
His youthful indiscretion was like 40, right?
Youthful indiscretions by fat ass.
Well what a great way that is just to say,
well I'm not going to talk about those things anymore.
I've learned my lesson today, right?
That's great.
Vortem 18, damn.
I bet you said Bundy would have probably been glad to say the same thing.
So I learned my lesson today.
You know that crap no more.
He did the same thing.
Remember that interview?
Sure.
Satan in pornography.
That's right, Pornow done it.
And just imagine how much of our tax money we spent before you finally fried his nasty
oil ass.
God.
Katrina Van den Hovel left the nation rights.
Ex-Nator is speaking a native being back on the floor to battle.
Hopefully only temporarily.
Well nobody in the week before the absentee ballots did language outside of the day.
Ex-Nator leaders changed tune.
If there was ever any doubt that Ralph Nator's former supporters understand
that redefining Bush's the top priority for progressives in this election, it ended this
morning when the overwhelming majority of Nator's 2000 National Assistance Committee issued
a strong statement urging support for John Kerry and Janet Woods in all swing states.
Among the more than 75 signers are Phil Donahue, Nolm Chomsky, Barbara Aaron Wright, who used
one of her New York Times' Comed to come out against Nator, Jim Haitar, Randall Robinson,
Howard's Inn, Tim Robbins, Eddie Vetter, Susan Sarandon, Ben Cohen, and Colonel West.
This urgent call comes into time when it appears that Nator campaign is qualified for the
ballot in some 23 states, a minimum of 10 which are considered swing states.
Nator will probably also qualify for several other swing state ballots by the time of the election.
In a race which remains both close and highly polarized, any of these states could end up as the new Florida
and tip the electoral college vote to Bush.
God forbid, that's...
Ew, God.
While the 75 plus signers include a spectrum of views all are united around the single proposition,
ending the national nightmare of Bush, as Nolm Chomsky describes the stark choice,
help elect Bush or do something to try to prevent it.
A number of signers also stress the importance of working to defeat Bush on behalf of the world community.
We're not just voting for ourselves as political strategist Steve Cobble, the entire world
wishes they could vote in our presidential election, so they could vote against George W. Bush,
against preemption, bullying, and unilateralism.
Well said Katrina, well speaking of Katrina Robinson on Channel 6,
who does a good job?
So, muff Lindsay this morning between pressing that yellow button, 80 million times on the Stern Show
and butchering up that show, which here's no choice.
It came in to giving the report that Ms. Norkross, once again the other day, was trying to bring it back again
with a little escrow on Hurricane Ivan.
I'm going to tell you there's a special place in hell reserved for weather ferries like you, Ms. Norkross,
that keep... you know, see, that's why Ms. Norkross and Ms. Kamala are just like the Bush people.
Keep trying to put the fear of crap into the public, steer the hell out of them, okay?
So they'll keep, you know, right on the edge of the other seats, keep tuned into their bull crap.
This is... I got a lot of stuff here I'm going to read today, it's good.
No, it is good. I mean, we could take some more of those great calls, but you heard...
We're not building any poll today. I'll give you an example.
WQA, and hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'd like to talk to Neil.
You're talking to him. This is Zahee.
Um...
Yes?
Is this Neil?
Yes, it is. That's what I just got through saying.
Okay, well, you're saying the race...
You ring the arc or the race is closed. The race is not going to be closed.
I...
Sir?
Yeah, okay. Good. See what I'm saying?
Yeah, that's right.
There is the evidence I needed to continue with these bedtime stories today,
because we actually have almost a little bit of a show today,
because Stern finally, uh...
Finally ran out of gas at 10.30, and we got like three hours today.
How do you like that?
Oh, all right.
Kerry stuck in political quagmire, right? It's Tim Harper.
No more listen to Terry Harper. You used to play for the Montreal Comedians.
In the Toronto Star No, let's say, he says,
John Kerry has lost in the fog of war and can't fight his way out.
While the near legendary Republican attack machine has received much credit
for ensnaring the Democratic presidential challenger in his own Vietnam,
where Kerry has braided his own nuisance in his demons with today's war in Iraq.
US casualties have topped a thousand.
Baghdad was engulfed in one of the deadliest days of the war yesterday,
and there were growing suspicions that the US military has ceded
large swaths of territory to the insurgents in Iraq,
so they won't be in the bloody battle during the electoral homestretch back home.
Still, Kerry's muddled message on Iraq has done the near impossible,
pushing up George W. Bush's approval on his handling of the war
with only 50 days left until election day,
carrying meanwhile has become a dream for political satirists
and the proverbial fish in the barrel for the Bush War Room.
The man vilified as a waffler, played right in that perception
of the stop and pencil venue where he waxed rapsodically about a local restaurant
which brings the daily special of the table with no menu.
That's the way it ought to work for confused people like me
who can't make up our minds, he told supporters.
The downturn for Kerry many believed started August 9 when he walked right into a trap.
He was asked a simple question,
would he meet Bush's challenge and answer yes or no,
then the question whether he still would have voted to go to war in Iraq,
knowing what he knows now.
I'm ready for any challenge, Kerry,
to respond and answer it directly.
Yes, I would have voted for the authority, I believe it is the right authority for the president's app,
but I would have used that authority as I've said
throughout this campaign effectively.
For many including his Republican opponents,
that sounded like he was saying that even knowing that there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq,
Kerry still would have gone to war.
But Kerry had during the Democratic primaries characterized himself as an anti-war candidate
as he felt that he from the then-insurgent candidacy of Howard Dean,
and again last week in Cincinnati he called the US led attacked a wrong war
in the wrong place at the wrong time.
In the same speech he reeled against the cost of the Bush War,
$200 million that they tell us we can't afford after school programs for children,
$200 million in Iraq, but they tell us we can't afford health care for our veterans,
$200 million for Iraq, but they tell us we can't afford to keep the
$100,000 police officers we put on the street.
Yet just over a year ago he was asked by NBC's Tim Russell
whether spending on the Iraq war should be reduced.
No, I think we should increase it, Kerry said,
by how much Russell asked,
by whatever number of billions of dollars it takes to win he replied.
Kerry has promised to reduce troop levels in his first term,
never been a year within them within six months.
Yet when Kerry marked the thousands US death in Iraq last Tuesday,
a milestone seemingly tailor made to give his campaigns some traction,
he appeared to have bought into a Bush-chained humanitarian mantra
that war in Iraq was a war on terror.
He honored the dead who gave their lives on behalf of freedom in the war on terrorism.
This came after the Democrats spent months criticizing Bush for linking Iraq and the war on terror,
even though there's no evidence that Saddam Hussein had anything to do with 9-11.
A spokesperson dated way later explained Kerry was referring to parts of Iraq
to not become breeding grounds for terrorists.
Kerry has made the transformation from a candidate on both sides of Iraq
to a candidate who is totally incoherent on Iraq's
at Bush-Chainy spokesman Steve Schmidt.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell related it restated on Sunday's
Meet the Press that there was no link between Saddam and 9-11.
Kerry tried to recover with a statement that Powell had come clean
and was time for all the Bush administration to follow suit.
In a time magazine interview published this week,
Kerry said his goal is to bring troops home within the first term and within the first year.
He also said, I've been consistent.
I wouldn't have taken the country in the war the way Bush did.
I would not put young Americans in harm's way without a plan to win the peace.
I would not have interrupted as abruptly the effort to build alliances with other countries.
The frustration for Democrats watching time run down in this race is that Bush,
the man who did more flopping and flipping to sell his war,
has had a free ride for the past month.
Last week Bush went as far as he has yet in the campaign,
saying that if Kerry had his way, Saddam would still be in power.
So there it is what I said before when he written better than I could probably say.
Or not, as the case may be.
Three minutes to limited fire, those tickets gone yet or what?
Don't know.
But why not?
You are listening to Neil Rogers' gig,
conclusively, on 560, on all five.
Mr. Cheney, I'd like to relax my every mayor Magdalene beside my balls
while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome one hour.
And heeey.
The GOP convention has taken New York City by storm,
and now they're coming to Broadway.
It's Republican thumb musical,
starring Tori's W. Bush and Dick Cheney.
We're a couple rich men, but we're nowhere near as rich as Kerry's wife or his son.
Republican thumb musical.
The great white way has never been this white,
and the grand old party has never been this old.
76 is the average age in this room.
76 can ever take a couple years.
Listen to what people are saying about Republicans thumb musical.
I laughed, I cried, I worried about Dick Cheney's help.
I've got a bad heart.
The doctor's not bananas charred.
And the odds are saying I'll never live to see our second term star.
It's George W. Bush and Dick Cheney in Republicans thumb musicals.
Join them as they entertain, inspire and explain their fiscal policy.
Hail Baro, Hail Baro, We share love, taparo,
because that's how the bills get paid.
And get your voice through the boss, George W.
Don't miss, we're Republicans thumb musicals.
Now preparing for another four year run at the Rose Garden Theater.
There, come on three at five, 60 W.
Come, some emotional cripple out there, dissentists of facts, who says,
Neil, this is by far the sickest pool you guys ever did,
Yuck, with a unhappy face drawn on it.
I figured we'd get that eventually.
Some people just don't want to deal with it.
But like everything else in life, you have to deal with death with a sense of humor.
I mean, you're going to have to deal with it someday anyway.
There you go, and we were Lord, of course, made sure of that.
So take your silly or unhappy face and go jump off the balcony,
and then you can find out just how much fun it is.
Don't forget that Q&A is waiting on you right now.
I can't believe we still have tickets for that game left.
That's embarrassing.
The Marlins are only a couple of games out of the wild card
just to give them a half pack of the cubs right on everybody's ass,
making a move.
Look for the Q&A right now at the shellstaking just west of I-95,
ensuring the street stuff I'd pick up tickets to the Marlins X-Fodes,
double headers at PPP Park.
You can forget about it as far as television catchphrases are concerned.
What do you think is TV?
You haven't seen the story here.
Nope.
Don't cheat.
What do you think is television's number one catchphrase right now?
Hmm.
You're fired.
Right.
Very good.
That's impressive.
You're pointing out, have you noticed that?
I'm referring to Trump.
He wears those big suits, but...
Well, that's the way.
If you were listening to that bid, I just played a little while ago.
That's hot petnull, but that's so he's talking about a 267 pound lawn for whatever he said.
Yes, indeed.
Well, per cramp.
A lot of money, but he's still to me.
I mean, who cares about him?
He is so terminal.
I'd rather hear about Scott and Lacey Peterson.
I'd rather die a wicked death than ever hear about them again.
Lacey Peterson turned a death?
Yes.
According to a new list issue yesterday of top TV buzzwords,
the favorite expression from these sopranos is so yesterday,
forget about it, that it's been replaced by several new phrases
this past TV season, including Donald Trump's message to Lacey's on the apprentice,
as well how her David would say.
Oh, totally, totally.
You're fired at it.
Trump spained his missile notice, topped the TV buzzword list issued for the 2003,
2004 season by Global Language Monitor, a group which keeps track of word use.
Oh, I bet you'd choice what I'd love to get in touch with him.
Go!
In fact, some choice words for Joyce.
Oh, what are your enables for buyers at the Beesley headquarters?
We just can't say any of them on the radio.
Yeah, right.
First there's, in other course there's, Global Language Monitor head,
Paul J.J. Payak, said that close behind your fire did it,
was Mess O'Portemia used on the Daily Show with John Stewart to describe events in Iraq,
and Gurley Man, a favorite expression to the right opponents used by Governor Arnold California, Schwarzenegger.
Some of the others in the top 10 were wardrobe mouth function.
We know what that's all about.
That bitch.
Infectious disease from the ever-expanding CSI detective series franchise.
My favorite is that CSI, OJ, I like that one a lot.
OCD for months obsessive-compulsive disorder and extreme makeover from reality shows.
Payak said that the words that are no longer hip include, forget about it from the sopranos,
and voted off the island from the survivors.
Another, you know, that you can be sufficiently hip and cool and everybody will think,
wow, I'm going to be impressed.
Not.
Let's see, here's a fact that says,
last night I was watching Channel 10's sportsdam with several in Manwich.
They had this segment with Paul Castro and Oven where he go to the Metro Zoo to size up the dolphins next week opponent.
Is Channel 10 at Desperate where they have to put a no-tell and how it's certain wannabe on the air waves?
He was trying to be funny, it was horrible.
I'd rather watch a police academy marathon than to see that turret on the air.
Is what it says, Castro no-paisy funny?
No.
Is he amusing?
No.
Is he entertaining?
No.
Is he have numbers?
No.
But I've been, you know, Channel 10, that's them.
Anybody that were put by Lauderdale talking about eating f*** on you, you know, what do you expect from them?
Well, we do like that a lot.
And we're not talking about the coordinates and about the updates and the maps anymore because, you know,
as far as working in Ivan, why should we worry about that?
I've got about it.
Right.
To see there you go, that fit in real well right there.
Once in a great while it comes in handy, especially...
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Him.
5, 6, 7, I don't know what they should because we only have about an hour and 20 minutes and then that one to one 30 half hour, that's really desperate.
WQM, hello.
All spots radio.
Hello.
Not there.
WQM, hello.
You know, it actually plinches things up.
Oh, oh, wait a minute.
Spinal files, what's this?
Oh, oh.
I see the dots.
Yeah.
I'm fortunate nothing is happening.
Yeah.
The other one happened to you before, has it?
Well, I'm seeing the dots but nothing is happening.
So push up one and see what happens.
I got it.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was also on that sports jam last night.
Yeah.
Yeah, he was just saying how you noticed he was an Iatus lately.
Yeah, I saw my hiatus road when I was down there last week.
See, I think you read about it.
You read about it.
So what does this mean?
You've lost one with me.
You might have to reset the computer.
Okay.
Restart it or whatever.
Okay, here we go.
Socio for no see.
This whistle of tune or something while I'm doing it.
Now, there it is and I don't see the dots yet.
Now, maybe there they go and I see the lines just saying.
Still not working.
Oh, yeah, it is.
Hey, Neil.
WQM, hello.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Listen, I'd like to thank you for those tickets at the morning.
I'm from the last night.
Yeah, I got them.
I got them.
Listen, I called for your boss after they complained that it's the latest company in your
lifetime, but you never return to the call call.
Yeah.
What a problem.
What a shock.
We'll look into that.
We'll get a committee to look into it today.
Yeah, this thing is working again.
I'll have to do as we said to you right.
Oh, thank God.
Well, I mean, geez, the last thing you would want to do is not be able to take some of these
fine calls from our software to audience.
That's the bread and butter, the meat and potatoes, man.
Of what it's all about, ain't it?
Okay.
Hey, listen, call and Greg Reed and wait for return call.
Be like waiting for the shutters to go up on my house.
Never get any more information about that?
Did Adam come in from our sales department breathlessly with an update on how come about to be put a little bit about?
No.
And that's because that's the South Florida FNW boys and girls.
Oh, yeah, we're going to have that up for you.
This weekend, for sure.
Just in, you know, it's a damn good thing that that storm took a U-turn.
I think they must have known who I was doing business with.
Took a meet her.
Man, oh, man, that is just so typical.
The South Florida way into a business.
I'm going to have to call action line, I think.
If things don't get straight up and by tomorrow, things, if I don't have an answer, I'm going to call.
Action line.
Line is what I'm going to do.
And then I'm going to show some of the liars off that Alicia Bridges.
WDQA, hello.
Yeah, Neil, I want to let you know how you're, your girlfriend Joyce is over there on the West Coast.
Yes.
I was watching my brother Bear did me film.
Most very short and had the extra, some extra DVD collection.
And at the end, they had to make a funny, they had a couple of updates.
But it's at the cartoon, they had the Bear's way into each other and making the farting,
to show him fart, smoking, everything.
Yeah.
This is being watched by little kids.
Well, don't make me ask you that.
A little kids are here for the sounds.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, they're actually one, I mean, not that I care for the farting.
It's just ridiculous how juvenile, your buddy Joyce is being out there.
Yeah.
You can see that stuff on a DVD with kids, maybe.
Absolutely correct.
But you're, I mean, we are on there such a, a stop-o-like mandate from the West Coast.
You have no idea.
And it's so ridiculous.
And this bitch is about qualified, qualified to decide what we can say and what we can't say.
It's my late little aminten, my, the, in fact, even he and his death and his little urn wherever he is right now.
He's more qualified than she is.
Well, you should let you know that, Neil.
And what if she has no kids, when that part comes on, if she censors the fart noises from the kids from the first time?
He's proud of it.
And they're farting up a storm right now over there in the West Coast because of this conversation.
Have a great day, pal.
Did you do, buddy?
Duffery at no farts.
In fact, maybe they got a big sign like that with a circle with a slasher over there in four miles.
No farting sounds.
Woo-hoo!
I mean, whatever happened to your sense of humor, Joyce, the FCC isn't going to find us if we play farting sounds on the radio.
Okay, stirring his playing farting sounds up the ass, if I can say it.
Can I say that?
No.
Oh, like I said, up the shoot.
Yeah.
Just like the thing is, there's that woman at Yahoo Traver Trash woman on there with the missing daughter last night on National.
I don't know what show was on.
MSNBC, one of them.
And talking about how her, her husband, the girl's stepfather, tucked her poopy.
Hmm.
Are you like that?
I'm thinking, we can't even play farting sounds.
And here, of course, it is cable, understanding, say quibi.
Never the last, the fart humor that he was talking about has been part of regular TV kitty-
Of course!
Of course!
Of course, in fact, it's really ironic because during the Super Bowl, the same Super Bowl that we had the Janet Jackson flap, all of that crap about the flap.
Because I mean, there was, we got to write on our website still, a picture of the Olympics.
Now, how come when at the Olympics swimmer, how come when her booby went popping out there?
How come nobody raised a big stink about that?
Well, because that was, you know, accidental, athletic competition thing.
Oh, I see.
In other words, a breast is only evil if it's intentional.
If you're flaunting it.
Right.
But the same piece of flesh, the same nipple piece of skin, if you should accidentally have it pop out, like on Worldwide TV in the Olympics, then it's kosher, okay?
Right.
Looks like National Geographic.
Yeah.
Well, that's because that's on Tubertoe Television.
We're the Founder's Church.
We are Rogers, mornings in the day.
And we're the Round and Flop, the Pirates.
We're the Chewie.
And we are Rogers, the Eaters now.
It's the movie so wild, so horrific that you just can't stop watching it.
Alien versus sexual predator.
In one corner, a bizarre creature who looks like he came from outer space and makes noises that you'll never be heard on Earth.
In the other corner, an alien.
You're just like me.
The band is you know it.
You know it.
You're just like me.
I'm an alien versus sexual predator.
He couldn't.
They stopped by the police.
He couldn't.
They stopped by the courts.
So they said an alien.
Oh my God.
What's wrong with him?
He's already gone.
Cool.
The alien?
No.
I'm going to chat with him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hold on to a three-order year UNC Alien versus sexual predator today.
Alien versus sexual predator is rated MDD N-O-13 for Michael Dunday, Nobody Over 13.
Oh yeah.
In Hylia, it's um, what the hell was that?
I don't know.
It did again.
That was great.
It's Alien versus Alien in Hylia and Sweetwater.
From 17 to 560 WQM 130, we got the Marlins in the Montreal Expose.
Big gain at the P.P. Park and then double headed tomorrow starting at the 305 Pregame 230 tomorrow.
We get out of here at 130 today.
How do you like that?
Oh.
I like it.
The Mensha and the Voter.
This article in the Washington Post is so on target for our soft-floored audience, something they can relate to.
And of course you have to be crazy if you vote for a boy.
Absolutely.
Besides that, Florida neurologist Mark Swoodleoff was taken to the US.
He went back when one of his patients with an advanced dementia voted in the 2000 presidential election.
The man thought it was 1942 and Franklin D. Roosevelt was president.
The patient's wife revealed that she had escorted her husband into the booth.
I said, did he pick?
And she said, no, I picked for him, Swoodleoff said.
I felt bad.
She essentially voted twice in the Florida election, which gave Bush that alleged 537 vote victory in the White House.
As swing states with largely population such as Florida Doug, here up for another presidential election,
a sleeper issue has been gaining attention on medical, legal, and political radar screens.
Many people with advanced dementia, kind of like our general mangler, appear to be voting in elections, including through absentee ballot.
Although there are no national statistics, two studies in Pennsylvania and Rhode Island found that patients at dementia clinics turn out in higher numbers than in the general population.
That's great!
That's scary.
Now if you wonder why people like Bush are winning because it's only the crazy people that are voting.
About 4.5 million Americans have Alzheimer's disease, the most common cause of dementia.
Florida alone has 455,000 patients.
Concern is growing that people with dementia may be targets for partisan exploitation and nursing homes,
and other facilities, even without abuse, family members, and caregivers may unduly influence close elections.
Precisely because Alzheimer's disease insidiously erodes the ability to make reason judgments, or that must be what Greg's got.
It's somewhat unnerving to consider that patients with dementia may routinely contribute to selecting the leader of the free world,
Victor W. Henderson and David A. Drackman wrote after the 2000 election in the journal Neurology that's Victor Henderson,
in a relation to Paul Henderson, who scored that goal in 1972 to give Canada that boring win over Russia.
Many people with mild dementia are able to understand the issues in an election, but experts say there's no way to test voter competence,
while many states have lost governing, and by the way, Paul Henderson, a born-again fanatic religion, is too I should point out.
While many states have lost governing, who is eligible to vote, attempts to disenfranchise voters with dementia could face constitutional challenge,
unlike driving, which is a privilege, voting is a right.
So even if you're crazy as a bed bug, you got a right.
I think it is a very important issue. I think it's striking how little law there is on the subject,
said in Irwin Scherminsky, a political scientist in scholar-adduced university,
although they state that an eye-foding rights to people in cable of understanding what was at stake,
he said the legal challenges are going to be on how best to find.
And of course, in Florida, where you can get your driver's license renewed on the internet,
even if you're 145 years old, and you're a triple-MPT, and you've got deaf-dummin-blind problems,
they just send you a brand new sticker in the mail, no problem.
So why shouldn't they let the dementia ones vote, right? Anybody who can get there?
How could they vote worse than the non-indetationalists?
In addition to which we probably won't count their vote anyway, unless it's the way we like it.
Still got those tickets at the event?
I guess, yeah. That would be scandalous. Well, how many have we got?
About 30, man. A lot.
What we're doing? Well, evidently. Either that or we, or we're just talking to ourselves now.
That might be it.
Voice team knew of abusive Guantanamo. Maybe that's why we're not getting this in sacred calls that we always get.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Sorry.
Stay. That's what, how, man, am I on top of it or what? How I feel better?
Because that was one of them.
Voice team knew of abusive Guantanamo. Evidence of prisoner of use and possible war crimes.
And you know what really frosted my ass before I go on with this, which is very important.
Yesterday we did. I thought it was pretty good for. We had a lot of votes on it.
1600 and so on. Which is amazing because we were only on like a couple hours yesterday.
At the very ass end of the show, we finally got a lady to call.
About how come women are treated so poorly in the which groups treat them the worst, the shabbiest?
One woman.
Yes.
I remember back in the day, man, when we were on a real radio station, we always had, and that wasn't great, a two-sharing women video.
Considering it's AM radio, right?
We always had a pretty, and we had some women callers. We don't have women callers. We don't have women listeners. We haven't got squat.
We're just vanishing right in the thin air like Ray Malayan, who I'm sure he wasn't in a movie.
We are keep saying he was in the invisible man. Claude Rains. Claude Rains.
God.
I mean, wouldn't you think that there would have been a lot of women?
They were all waiting for Oprah to buy them a card. I must have been there.
Yeah. They're not listening to AM anymore.
Really? No, Mo?
Not for any.
Who goes to a party?
WQAM. Hello.
Hello. Hello, man.
See, I told you we got a lady. I told you.
Hello.
Neil. Hi. Yes. I just want to thank you for the tickets.
Oh, you got some tickets still. Yes, I did.
Not the free ticket lady.
And he had like a fistful of them.
Oh, Danny? Yeah.
You had a fistful. I'm surprised you heard that.
Yes.
Well, I hope you enjoyed the game.
I will. Thank you very much for offering them.
You're so welcome, bye-bye.
Okay. Bye.
He had a fistful. Who's out there in the van? Is it Miguel?
Though it's Frank.
Oh, Frank. I heard you know I had no fistful.
No, no.
Why not? WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How old are you?
I'm Ryan.
I was watching sports day last night.
And I have to get my wide angle lens corrected because that fat part of that is not working.
When he came out, I tried to be funny, but she's not.
It broke my wide-screen TV.
Oh, but you should send the build-up.
Yeah. Well, he lives in a big house. Maybe get afforded, huh?
There you go. Okay, pal. Thanks to the good news.
We don't care about him. He's small potatoes.
Just another pretender. Just another one.
I'd be ripping off everybody else's material.
Why they would put him on air, beats the hell out of me.
But you know, I'd like us. They'll all take the money.
And so will he.
Evidence of prisoner abuse and possible war crimes of Gitmo
reached the highest levels of the Bush administration's early as autumn of 2002.
The Donald Rumsfeld, the defense secretary, chose to do nothing about it
according to a new investigation, publicized exclusively in the British newspaper
The Guardian, Yes, Turred Day.
The investigation by veteran journalist Seymour Hirschkost,
one former Marine at the Canterbury Calling sessions in which guards would
F would depain these as much as they could by inflicting pain on them.
That's F as in f*** right.
I want you to enjoy some of that out of shape.
The Bush administration repeatedly assured critics that, you know something,
we ought to like put our feet down. We want the fart sounds back.
Okay, we ought to demand that.
There are a couple other words.
Yeah, like f*** bag and the other bag too.
Right. And also scum f*** right.
Yeah.
The Bush administration repeatedly assured critics that inmates were granted
recreation periods, but one Pentagon adviser told Hirsch out for some prisoners
they consisted of being left in straight jackets and intense sunlight
with hoods over their heads.
How do you like that?
I don't believe it.
No one would have had a f*** but that thing.
Yeah, they left their hood.
Would do such a thing.
Oh, let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some bars and a bad treat pack.
I don't care if they hate from my actions.
You choose to the torture,
cause they're just playing their game in the past.
It had to be worse with the dumb who's saying.
Hirsch provides details about how President George W. Bush signed off on the establishment
of a secret unit that was given an advance approval to kill or capture an interrogate
high value suspects, considered by many to be in the finds of international law,
an officially unacknowledged program that eventually was transferred wholesale
from Guantanamo to the Abu Gharr prison in Iraq.
Hirsch had broke the stir of the meal I'm asked to bring in the Vietnam War
makes his revelations in the new book, Chain of Command,
which leads senior figures in the Bush administration
far more seriously implicated in the torture scandal than had been previously apparent.
A CIA analyst visited Gitmo in the summer 2002,
returned convinced that we were committing war crimes
and then more than half the people there didn't belong there.
He found people lying in their own feces of CIA sort of told Hirsch.
I'm sorry, lying in their own f***.
The analyst submitted a report to General John Gordon aid the Kamaliza rice.
General Gordon was troubled and one former administration official told Hirsch
that if the actions that Gitmo ever became publicly would be damaging to the present
and the article goes on its own website.
And Kamaliza continues lying through her teeth and of course she's got a big gap in her to lie through, man.
She can tell almost as many lies as Greg Reed to that, so I can't get.
Otter teeth.
Does she have a husband?
I don't think so.
26th pass known at 5.60, but at QAM.
Never see her with Charlie Christ?
When you shop for quality footwear,
a great selection professional service is only one store that should immediately top right into your mind
as Brandy Shoes and Poppano Beach.
At Brandy Shoes you have an unbeatable combination,
the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes, the best service they give you a personalized service,
they take care of your feet, and the best prices in town period.
All the top names in the shoe business they got them.
Rock ports, floor shim, SAS, Spirit, Timberland naturalizer, and lots more.
And you find that Brandy's customers keep coming back over and over again to stock up on a whole bunch of shoes
because they can't get a better deal anywhere in town.
Brandy's is open daily nine to nine Monday through Saturday and every Sunday 10 to five you'll find Brandy's at 12, 19,
or Federal Highway Poppano Beach.
Always worth the trip no matter where you live in South Florida and they continue the big SAS sale.
This weekend at Brandy's all great men's and women's styles are 25% off,
so come into the store or check them on the web at BrandySews.com.
This is the Rocks. That's political.
We'll come back to see what we can do.
I'm dying over here.
She's watery-sawy-sawing.
Looks like they've played the roadside.
Now from the body roll ball,
Barbara Bush has bought it down,
and I still love her, I still love her.
I still love her.
It happened when she realized
she raised more women on clouds.
Barbara Bush has bought it down in ice.
And she said,
let me hold and crack me
and she ran for her eight-sick dancing
she could throw she in.
And she said,
how great so I am!
Why, you said,
say, why no boys?
What might be marrying a woman
full between her thighs and thighs?
Body down is mine.
She doesn't need just for us.
I've been seeing all these before.
I've been seeing all these before.
She's women when she's gone.
Barbara Bush has bought it down in ice.
We've been seeing all these before.
And she's more like a man,
she's beautiful.
I've been watching boys,
she'll be rich and fat.
And she's more like a man,
she's more like a man.
A big guy,
five red boys,
three red boys,
nine red boys,
nine red boys,
nine red boys,
nine red boys,
nine red boys,
nine red boys,
nine red boys,
32, 20,
let's get away from the Marlon pregame.
All right, let's hear it.
463 votes on the poll.
It's about death,
as in,
I'm dying over here.
How do you think you'll die?
Old age, natural causes,
167.
What died in your sleep would be okay
when you get to be about 91?
Right.
Heart attack, 128.
What?
Nothing.
I didn't say 91,
but because my mother was 91,
when she asked,
she didn't die in her sleep,
she had a massive heart attack.
Okay.
I'm just telling you,
she didn't die in her sleep,
although 91, and she was in good health,
I don't want to go through it again.
You are heartless,
miserable, bastard, you.
You probably didn't even cry
when your mother died,
and didn't go to the funeral.
Right.
Old age, natural causes,
167.
Heart attack,
hundred-twenty.
Georgia was going to cry
when his mother dies,
only because it took so long.
Heart attack, 128.
Cancer 76,
Bordom 61,
Traffic accident, 17.
In a hurricane,
eight, especially if you keep watching
Brian Orcross and the
other weather-fury junior,
Miss Kamal,
and in the terrorist attack,
only six.
So this audience,
and all whipped up,
that they're going to get killed
by some terrorist attack.
Although,
after you hear this story,
I might undervere a little bit.
This story is just so perfect.
Government experts are investing in a claim
that an armed nuclear bomb lost
off the Georgia coast at the height of the Cold War
might have been found
and therefore spoke from the CBS today.
We lost a nuclear bomb.
Oh, just nothing big.
The hydrogen bomb.
The hydrogen bomb was lost
in the Atlantic Ocean in 58,
following a collision of a B-47
bomber in F-86 fighter.
A group led by retired Air Force Lieutenant Colonel
Derek Duke of Statesboro, Georgia.
Oh, don't let me forget to talk about that.
What?
So, Angela,
either found a large object under
a water near Savannah that was emitting high levels
of radioactivity,
according to an AP report.
The group said he used radiation
and metal detachment equipment to search in area
and was saw sound off Taipei island
where the bomb reportedly was dropped.
Air Force spoke to Lieutenant Colonel Frank Smolinsky,
a relationship of Brian Smolinsky,
the hockey player played in Michigan State,
said Monday that it's only prudent to completely evaluate
the evidence from the group's search.
By the way, no hockey season.
Oh, Statesboro, Georgia.
And I went back in the day.
I mean, long ago,
back when we used to get a lot of phone calls,
we had people that we'd like to talk into
and was a lot more friendly environment,
and not the kind of,
everybody hates everybody in Florida.
Yeah.
And I was talking about,
with doing UN baseball,
we went up to a Statesboro, Georgia.
And I don't know what...
I don't know what team we would have been playing
some girls team up there,
which Ron Fraser was pretty clever in every guard.
We'd always start this season by playing Buffalo
and all these girls teams, you know,
that went in like the first 20 games in a row.
And I'm bulk up the...
And not the thing anything away from Ron.
But anyway, so Statesboro,
I went up to the broadcast game,
and there was a place called the Statesboro Diner.
And lo and behold,
much to my amazement I find out when I came back
and mentioned that on the air,
that's a very famous place to Statesboro Diner.
Something happened there once.
Like a shooting?
No, I don't know.
Maybe like somebody got wild diarrhea.
I don't know, but something happened there.
For some reason it's fairly well known,
the Statesboro Diner.
Never heard of it.
Not as well known as that other place
in a place that I can't think of.
Well, what is that?
Oh, in the Cherry Hill, New Jersey.
Now, you've heard me talk about that place.
What place?
And it's a restaurant that I get.
It's like a very upscaled dinnys.
Oh, Ponzios, is that what's called?
I'll take your word for it.
I think that might be...
Oh, my phone's ringing.
It might mean that the bulk of Brian Visk is down.
We can only help.
What place do you need?
No, I'm not going to go and get it.
I'll get it tomorrow.
We can...
I mean, everything...
Separate that last bit.
Every bit I've played so far today is something new.
Right?
Because finally we're starting...
I mean, this hurricane is through everything up, man.
And even in places where there wasn't any hurricane,
there's a community of scoops.
Oh, we can't do anything now.
There was that big hurricane, you know, Francis.
Yeah, but you're in like a...
a Topeka.
Well, we were worried about it.
Friday is the 270th anniversary of the signing of our Constitution.
To celebrate that happy event, the White House has announced
that scholarly history and Lin Cheney, the wife of the vice president,
the one that wrote all those bull-dike novels,
the one with the bull-dike daughter, will speak at Gunston Hall
plantation in Northern Virginia.
Gunston Hall was the home of George Mason,
whom the White House properly described as the father of America's
Bill of Rights, in relation to Perry.
I wonder if he was a Mason, you think he did that secret here?
I don't know.
Mason wrote the prototype of the Bill of Rights for Virginia's Constitution in 1776
and it was his intransigence that led the adoption of those rights
as the first 10 amendments to the Constitution.
The anniversary comes as the Republican Senate leadership
is considering with breathtaking political cynicism,
bringing back for a vote a constitutional amendment
outlawing flag burning.
All of these things.
Oh, my God.
It is no coincidence that the last time the amendment made appearance
was during the 2000 presidential campaign.
Weave that flag, oh, we love America, God bless America,
and all the ships that see.
The Senate calendar was so jammed and the lawmakers so far behind schedule
that it's left itself no time to finish its mandatory duties,
yet the leadership feels that there's enough time to take another
whack at flag discreation.
It's okay to burn a flag, but not a flag,
endured Bush's America.
Unless, of course, it's Lentan, he's daughter.
She's got an extension.
Just like they do from the Vatican, you know.
Right, they give you a special dispensation.
The whole point of which is the fourth Democratic senators,
John Kerry and Janet, where's the party's presidential
and vice presidential nominees in time to actual party Senator leader,
the knockoff campaign to return for Washington for a vote
that can be portrayed to the gullible as somehow unpatriotic.
You can vote to let people burn the American flag.
You've come a pinko bastard, you?
The Supreme Court is ruled simply and correctly
that flag burning is political speech,
and as such has the absolute protection,
the absolute protection of the First Amendment,
thank you, Mr. Mason, it says,
flag burning is not really a problem.
The actual incidents of which are rare.
It is disproportionately denounced rather than actually done.
And defining this equation is tricky,
especially given the widespread commercial and decorative use
of the flag.
More importantly, tampering with the First Amendment opens
the way to those laws of the kind that less than a
democratic government's imposed a shield themselves from criticism.
Given her credentials, Lin Shaney's the ideal person,
Gunston Hall, the ideal venue,
and Constitution Day, the ideal occasion to denounce
this latest attempt to undo George Mason's handiwork.
How do you like that?
Yeah, just wasting our time.
We don't have time to take care of the important things, okay?
Just as the Chinese say, pochking around.
They say the love that's the impact they do,
they do that a lot too, pochking around the Chinese.
20 before 1 at 5, 60 WQA and my God,
so little time, it's always so little time on this show,
but we're not complaining about that.
We just like to get our act together here.
And they still have more of those tickets to give away?
Currently, yeah.
Well, how is that possible?
See, well, I don't want to pick on Frank,
because I don't even know who the hell he is.
But once upon a time, we have an idea of just how many tickets do we have?
We have to get a lot.
Yeah.
So in other words, they've given away a lot?
Yes.
I don't want to keep promoting this,
and then fight out that nobody's showing up out there.
I'm just banging away on the drum with no thing on it.
We have bails of them apparently.
We've had bails, reams of them.
Was Jackie out there?
Bailey.
And speaking of that handful,
you're not going to Jackie, are we so?
Yeah, I don't know if you could find it.
We're looking at 10 inches.
Of snow.
Right.
In January.
That's what he was talking about.
Hey, I just don't want to get Joyce all bet on her shape,
because she has such an erotic bitch over there, man.
She is just, uh, more and more like that.
And I wonder if she can't handle a farting sound.
I think that she feels that she hears them.
She's actually going to start smelling them.
I think that's the problem.
What?
It's something to think about.
Twenty before one at five, sixty, WQM.
Hey, all you horse racing and poker players out there, fans.
Poppano Park racing and poker is just a gambling action you want.
They got it.
Located a half mile from both I and I.
DeFive in the Florida turnpike.
Poppano Park is easy to get to investable.
Poppano Park features free admission, free general parking every day.
In fact, Poppano Park is so famous that even Elmer Comrad is going to make you come back there this season.
That's what I'm hearing.
Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Friday and Saturday at Poppano Park.
Poker starts at noon till midnight.
Live racing gets underway at 725 every Friday and Saturday at Poppano Park.
Also, every Friday and Saturday, the poker room features tournament action with special Texas Holdham and Seven Card stud tournaments starting at noon for our you old studs.
Poppano Park harness track is also open every day, seven days a night a week for the best insomelcasting.
Harness, Thuribut, Highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and wager on.
Greg Cramer is God, baby.
And Kevin Wallis seems too bad either.
Poppano Park, a block south of the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race schedule.
Go online at Poppano Park dot com or just give a call.
954-972-2000.
Poppano Park, first power you can plunge your gut cells.
Poppano Park, first power you can plunge your gut cells.
Kau, they don't come any better than Neil Roberts.

De
My ears are so pigmented I can't see with
Okay.
Uh, you have a good feeling about that.
I'm going to have a good feeling about that.
Nothing like that.
Having duty, maybe I'll tell you.
Oh, don't get upset, you're a s***.
What is that?
What is that?
The van's gone.
What does that mean?
The tickets are all gone.
I think I'm tired of sitting around.
What are the other?
Well, what does that mean?
The van is gone.
They got into the van and he drove off.
So it's not there anymore for whatever reason.
Right.
Well, don't wait until you know if we give away all the tickets or whatever.
This is starting to get to be like a GD-Waring here.
You know what I'm saying?
The tickets are gone.
You don't know that?
I do know.
Maybe he just had to go take a wicked dump or something.
He should know how to do that in a gas station.
Or do we say that then?
What the hell was that movie where that guy was killing people in the trailer of the
gas station?
What movie was that?
Oh, what was that?
You know what I'm talking about, too.
That was a very...
I didn't want to end the movie then that, but that happened.
We're in the motel.
Hiding in the motel.
And then he put the door...
They chair up against the door and rigged it so that when they open the door up the gun would go off.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, man.
Isn't this aggravating now?
Yeah, that is aggravating.
Man.
And anyway, somebody will know what movie we're talking about.
5670560.
Pond 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
Let's make sure these things are working out.
Somebody QA him, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
All right.
I explain to you that you know that ever since Howard Spurms came on the air, I've only been listening to you,
the Magdaas and Howard David, and I'm listening to Joe Rose in the morning and he is awesome.
9790.
Yeah.
Joe Rose.
790 ESPN, the ticket by the way we love.
He's a good buddy of ours.
He's a great guy.
Anyway, Mr. Neal, have a great day.
Okay, you too, good life.
Like I said, the photos are working.
Which is necessarily good news.
WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I believe the name of the movie you're looking for was most hell hell.
No.
No.
Here?
Positive.
All right, guys.
Follow the guest.
Thanks for the travel.
Absolutely.
Interact here.
No, that wasn't even close to what it was.
Well, it's something games.
Something games.
People play.
Yeah, it's now like that.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm pretty little.
I just thought not too long ago.
Now, wait a minute.
Maybe I'm getting two movies confused, but I don't think so.
Oh, it's possible.
Well, they went into the convenience store and they, um, he put the gun to the guy's head
and the pillow and different.
That's California.
Oh, that was California.
Well, see, I watched that right around the same time.
Right.
I watched it originally long ago with Brad Pitt.
That's a good movie.
Yes, yes, indeed.
But, uh, you know, this was around the same time that I watched that last time.
I don't know what that was.
I don't know.
I know it was that.
I'll keep it.
He was killing people in the tea room with a gas station.
Well, he didn't have anybody to pay for the gas.
Right.
So, what the hell is he going to do?
This guy.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Neil, if I have to see that I saw to his head, don't come on TV anymore.
I'm going to go.
Ah!
WQA and hello.
I need a poll.
Oh, WQA and hello.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Uh, the movie thinking about was that a joyride?
That sounds like it.
That's it.
Joyride, that's it.
All right.
Put the trucker with the CB radio.
Thanks a lot, Kelly.
Thanks.
See you.
Yeah.
You going somewhere?
No, just a minute.
Now, what was the word about the guy that came?
Oh, a really creepy movie was on that screen TV that you don't get about the guy that comes
back.
He died in Vietnam, but he comes back somehow by sucking the blood out of like vampire out of
other people's bodies.
Don't carry it.
Now, what was the name of this movie, Joyride?
Yeah.
I'm looking it up in my book because I want to make sure, okay?
I'll see who is it.
I'm running.
Jewels, verns, rockets, the cockamoon.
That's not it.
During the other center of the earth.
I saw that.
Joyrideers.
Now, how old is that movie?
Maybe it's not even in this book.
Two or three years old.
Oh, I didn't miss book then.
Well, I'm sure that was it.
And it's what's seen.
It was okay.
It was all right.
It was not like, you know, great classic movie.
It was not like, you know, great classic movie.
It was not like, you know, great classic movie.
It was not like, you know, great classic movie.
It was not like, you know, great classic movie.
It killed a couple of hours.
560-560.
Pound and let's say I'm thinking of something.
No more tickets.
Sorry about that.
If you've vittled around, wasted your time.
If you're on your way over there right now.
Oh, geez.
Please come back with a van.
No.
No.
They're gone.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Anybody mentioned suicide?
Hey, that's a good idea.
Suicide.
That's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
That's a beautiful thing.
Especially when you're on a Q.A.M.
That's why I keep in mind.
Thank you.
Russell with it daily.
I'm going to say it in a few minutes.
Suicide.
Man, oh man.
You work at Q.A.M.
It's never far from your mind, OK?
In fact, let me just put it this way.
One of two things, the both involve AP.
I never far from your mind.
Either murder or suicide.
Yeah.
Speaking of people who read, now I mentioned this.
I thought I put it on the website.
I guess I didn't.
Wait a minute.
You just said murder.
Murder is good.
That's another one.
Not on there.
Suicide or murder.
OK.
So many ways to die.
Because God, of course, he's a clever little devil.
He's got all kinds of things in store for you.
I wonder if Adam and Eve farted, you think?
Of course they did.
How do you know that?
Maybe they're...
Hey, listen, she only started farting when she was eating that apple off the tree.
They were all natural, baby.
And like I always try to tell you, the sin wasn't the apple on the tree.
It was that pear on the ground.
That effect with all that fruit they were eating, you'd better believe.
They were regular.
So many things.
Too much fruit in the garden of Eaton, man.
I'm telling you that right now.
You know that there are people who actually believe that story?
I know them.
Oh, please help us.
Please cracker, please.
Oh, speaking of crackers.
So the pork crack story that we read yesterday,
I apologize for the very bad reading, but the copy you sent me was one of those...
What the hell, that's what that is.
Like off-center printing, it was just like...
Those are bizarre.
It was off.
But the LA times, I guess, I don't know, maybe I'll send this to Eric and maybe not.
I thought I'd email the team to have on our website today.
Did you put these on?
Are they Josh?
Yeah.
And the televangelist Paul Cross attempts to keep the cues of Christ,
if the LA Times was not one of them?
Now you can remember that I've got a photograph.
No, I don't.
In my bad, I probably didn't.
I did print it out though, because it was printed.
So for that, I wanted to read it against a very long story.
And of course, we ain't got no time.
Like I guess who would say we ain't got no time,
because we just got...
And between 1 to 1.30,
we want you to stay glued to your radio,
because we have a lot of great spots for you.
Right?
He helps you out.
You're all good.
It's all good.
Nobody thanks this or sent us a poll for tomorrow,
which really irritates the crap out of me.
I mean, I'm sorry, irritates the **** out of me.
Well, if we got a quote on there,
I think we can say it a couple of times.
Correct.
Okay, that's it.
Not...
Not in the same five-minute segment.
You can't say that.
Sorry.
But anyway, Paul Cross is accused of a homo affair,
and then paying this guy off.
425,000, and the guy allegedly was trying to extort millions more out of him,
because he's got the millions and billions.
God only knows how much he's got.
Paul and Jan Crotch on the TVN.
The Christian Broadcasting, let me tell you right now,
there are a bunch of fakers.
Even the Quakers that turned out were fakers.
And we thought they weren't all too bad.
And then of course, we found out that Nixon was a Quaker.
So forget about them, screw them.
All that gold times scam.
That's where it's at.
And you people out there that just refuse.
You refuse to be bothered by the truth.
Don't confuse you with the truth.
Take the first page of that silly old book.
And read that first page, you'll say,
what kind of a bunch of morons wrote this garbage, okay?
The larger light through the day,
and the lesser light through the night.
But I'm hoping he made the stars also.
Well, guess what?
The larger light we call it, the sun, is a star.
You ass-white.
I'm sorry, I'm not saying.
I'm not really sure about that one yet.
We have any dictums on it.
Better not ask.
Better not ask?
No.
Oh no, one thing we've discovered is we won't ask,
and then they can't tell.
Or sometimes they probably still will try to tell.
We just don't ask anymore, because if we say to muff or clearance,
well, I throw it over there if we can say, you know,
whatever the word is, and the answer is always, no.
You can't say this, you can't say that.
I can't imagine what fit I'm going to be playing after the top of the hour.
Can you?
Can you write it?
Exclusive.
Where is the 160th?
The world is too low.
I have no idea.
If you're all the lady, I'll get one of you to destroy.
There was a neo-polka, but it neutral your brain.
No, you're the president, you know.
Nothing better than a poor head.
It takes a sentence by the soul in the fact,
you'll be the speaker, you'll be one poor head.
Or you can't say that.
If you're locked, where we come,
if you're all the Christian,
it will be safe on the air,
we'll be considered a sinner.
Don't put the president down.
Don't forget it down.
For the head, you'll strike the body.
Don't step back from my back.
You'll be the Christian, you'll be one poor head.
If you can't say that.
Then I make you scream.
If that person's a lord of stone,
will be a Christian.
If we find you again,
I take your eyes into the breakboard.
If that's all I know,
you'll be a church of gold.
Or I could have my baby,
you'll be a church of gold.
Or I could have my baby,
you'll be a church of gold.
you'll be one poor head.
Can't say that.
Because it's the easily effin' way, man,
because Joyce is just hyperventilating,
and they're way over the top.
Which is why Muffa's sitting in there
during the stern sure every morning.
He's got his thumb on him, man.
And he's bangin', and he's pushing.
And the button too.
You know what's there we didn't even talk about,
but before we get to that,
why is it that when we do this half hour,
we got like 85 spots in a half an hour,
that you look after like one of the really things.
Just remember, let's work.
I was looking for some music to play going into the ballgame.
Like yesterday, it's equal park,
I thought was a magnificent selection.
Right, it's always a favor.
But we don't want to do the same thing again today.
And I came across one that I know our audience hasn't heard since about
40 minutes ago.
Alright, yeah.
Why do you manage to cut a 2.7 listeners out there?
It's a 4 million time.
I know.
Why do you love me so much?
No.
See, I thought you'd play some gas,
who since you mentioned them earlier.
Oh, I'm looking at your, oh I know.
Well now there's so much crap on this back.
How about, that isn't no good.
Oh, here's a good one.
What?
Here you go.
The Herman's vermin.
Or how about some a little more macho than Herman's vermin.
Please, let your bergs, there you go.
Oh, look at this, I can't believe what I just found.
I don't know where the hell I was hearing it.
You know, bust up by the Hollies?
Of course, great.
I know tomorrow is a hole.
I know that much tomorrow is a hole.
What's that?
The most underrated rock group of all time.
Never done it.
Okay, good idea.
They're going to say, let's definitely, the Beatles.
No, listen, we don't care what they say.
We know what we're talking about.
The Hollies is a perfect choice for it.
Yeah.
And I thought, somewhere they were playing bust up.
I don't know where.
And I thought, God, that's a great record.
I love that record.
I love that record.
And there's also, because I don't have bust up right here.
I might.
The computer I've did this sounds like my story with speakers is,
you're peeing your pants.
When the hell did this stuff?
The seed is going, the streamers are going to be going,
they're going through the door,
the movie is coming from her,
they're going to be shimmering around the floor.
Oh, they'll be floating and ringing and going through my head.
Swing, keep swarming, just like a thing.
Just burning from the lake.
I got to go back.
Fuck!
Now she's in a scene going through the room and swaying to the end.
Then across from the same era, there's always...
Okay, I don't want to start any arguments, but we can continue right now.
The best music any decade, the 60s, there is no contest.
There's nothing even close.
Bitch better have my money.
I'm telling you, there ain't nothing even close to the screen.
I'm not going to argue with that.
I mean, every floor you're in, there's no other place.
Nevertheless, I, you know, I get back into it.
Now, one thing we never talked about today,
and we don't have a lot of time to talk about anything this half-hour,
because we got that Marlon pregame coming up with Dave Ann Borg,
and the lovely Booster.
Man throws in from from card, then dies in crash,
and they've been showing that video how many times an hour...
Fuck, third man!
It's too bad that this guy killed himself,
because I think a lot of us would have loved to have lined up to do the job for him.
Right, I'm not sure he had that in mind.
Green Bay Wisconsin, a man threw his fiance's eight-month-old daughter out of a car,
as he fled police after being accused of domestic violence,
authority set the girl strapped, and a car seat was unheard,
but the man later was spedily injured in the crash.
I thought he had committed suicide.
Yeah, by crashing into something.
Oh, I see. Well, it's an interesting way to do it.
Maybe he must have ordered our poll.
Dana Betton, 23 Dodson.
They treat us after the dramatic highway chase that ended when he crashed his fiance's car
in an unoccupied squad car.
At one point, he slowed down, opened the car door,
and dropped the baby in the car seat on the highway,
sending the seat template for the middle of the roadway.
And they've shown it on all the news that were maybe a billion times just today.
As the baby was flying toward me, I noticed that she was crying very hard,
and looked scared.
Wisconsin State Patrol, I can't imagine why.
If you were tossed out of the back seat of a car,
wouldn't you be crying fairly hard and a little bit of scared?
I have been and I was.
Said Wisconsin State Patrol Sergeant David Karelano and NBC State
should issue a shared video of the incident over and over again
until you want to puke your gut set.
Fortunately, she was seat belted into the child seat
so that it is as slip forward in a highway and then rolled over.
She escaped with no injuries.
A major miracle, unbelievable.
Sheriff Sergeant Dan Parvato told the post-cresson
and an avalanche in Wisconsin that the man had first tried to put the baby
out of the car on the shoulder, but the car door was in his way.
He eventually pulled back into traffic and pushed the baby out of the music,
celebrating.
His car was jerking back and forth, Parvato said,
I don't think we can say that, Kimmy.
I didn't know what he was doing.
He seemed to care for the baby.
Then the chase continued, speeds up to 90 miles an hour.
The pursuit ended on US 41 when Vettin had a minor collision with the vehicle
and cracked into a round occupied squad car.
The car he was driving rolled over and was pinned underneath.
He died at a hospital in Green Bay.
I have no life.
Cadillama spoke to the baby's mother.
My mother said the girl was doing just fine.
His mother was very devastated.
I don't know everything right now.
He said it was her fiancee in violence.
She's very upset.
Oh, we're fine.
They're fine by the FCC.
I mean, why should they be indifferent for months, right?
106 and 560 WQA.
Right now, Armstrong, Florida,
Homestead, Monster, Clear, their lives and sell off all,
each and every remaining 0-4s.
Here are just a few of the great deals waiting for you right now.
In 0-4 F-150, pick up your pages to buck over invoice.
New 0-4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice.
Rangers, Crown Vix, Taurus, and Focus is all waiting for you.
It's just a buck over invoice only at Armstrong, Florida, Homestead.
And when you buy a car there, man, they get more value for you
because they have their exclusive tires and batteries for your life program.
That is absolutely correct.
They give you tires and batteries for life.
And the value goes on because right now,
they'll give you a free floor to sun pass with any car you buy.
Press for time.
Armstrong, Florida, as your time is valuable.
So just give them a call and shop by phone at 305.
247-51-12.
They'll even deliver your new vehicle,
write to you in your storm shelter,
read your host, and your home, your host.
Armstrong, Florida, Homestead, locally owned and operated.
They treat you just like family.
I guarantee you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere.
No maintenance, which no phone ideal,
just fantastic service and the best deals in town.
Armstrong, Florida, Homestead, you'll find them at 307-25.
South Fixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the OA-36.
Check them on the web at ArmstrongCars.com.
Grab a little and save thousands on your new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
If you're listening to the new vehicle,
the new vehicle Roger is exclusively on 5th-Sekil,
the new team is here.
And jointly, Pompeo Santupe.
I got crispy, I'm a fever-sairy cow.
If the fridge in the state was not for me.
They held a big invention, and a Z-in for free.
I had no idea what I was about to see.
Or they were speaking in town, that's what,
but that made me a little,
This kind of fun,
to run to take it out of my mouth,
to run to run to sleep in time.
They got me bullied,
and I come here to leave them from size to size.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
I'm a bad boy, I'm a garbage man,
I'm a bad a garbage man,
I'm a bad
I'm a bad boy, I'm a bad boy,
But I can't put all the rubbish all the time,
?!?
As a fact from Kathy who says I call only once in a while because I usually work jobs
that involve the phone and the phones are monitored.
We intend to have jobs that more like that more than men.
Why see?
Which is why I would have called in and the choice of employers for your poll yesterday.
But about the meridol status of Dr. Rice, she's never been married.
Uh oh.
However, there's that infamous incident in where she was overheard in some kind of a fashion
show where she's looking to refer to President Bush's, my husband.
As far as a poll idea, this is a way poll idea here from Maccati.
If you could go back in time and spray or neuter one person who would it be.
She got Jo Jackson, father of Michael, Janet, who I germain though a Vance de Mishbaja.
Towards 8W, Bush, that Nazi love ambassador, who I was the father of Shrub and Jeb and you on all this plan.
I mean, proud.
Martin Sheen, father of Emilio, Esther Vez and Charlie.
Sheen.
Don't we like Emilio, Esther Vez and Charlie?
I know what you're saying.
The entire Sheen slash has to that as family.
They never stole no freight trains.
What's wrong with Emilio, Esther Vez?
He was not moving the outsiders with the Seatown, the South alone.
And just because Charlie Sheen liked, you know, the hose.
And Matt Dillon, right?
Like the hose?
Sure.
Who does it?
Marlon Brando, father of Christian, who had a little bit of an ear problem.
The daughter would kill herself and then all of these other things.
Well, Christian had a little bit of a temper.
Madonna heard two kids having a trouble getting it, it says, but that's a good choice.
I'm tired of her ass.
And the rest of her two.
Well, I'll put that in my pocket.
It's a good choice there, Kathy.
That's a very good choice for a fool.
But tomorrow, most underrated rock group of all time, I think that's a good one.
We could get a lot of territory with that.
And the good news tomorrow is we don't have any, we start whenever Howard Stern gets stunned,
but then all the way to two o'clock, it's a bonus.
Where is Wednesday on QAN?
You are the CEO Roger.
I'm in the school of security.
R1566, QAN.
Yes.
And everybody, a separate body, all the time.
That you do have so well time in our center.
For his high-prepareed, innocent, and hostile.
Go, head down.
Where is everybody, a separate body, all the time.
You turn right in my tolerance and fear.
Where a bitch wears, is your friend's eyes so gray-gaze.
I'm Play Go, one few years.
Too bad, they're added to flight-seller.
When I'm a shadow, they threaten us by you to the balls.
Then, in the grandloff, was rush hour.
I throw in the silver cow, too, that I throw.
The aiming, a separate body, a separate body, all the time.
So how does it take you to do something that's really easy to walk in from top of the door?
What's funny, that poker brine boy, can't stay mad at him too long, you know, about 30 seconds.
I'm sorry, man.
He just run a rubber ball spot.
Anyway, 604 votes, your disc showed up.
How do you think you're going to die?
Old age example causes, 206.
Hard attack, 163.
Cancer 97, boredom 74, especially in South Florida.
Oh my god, tedious and freaking ponderous.
Traffic accident in 24, and a hurricane aid, terrorist attacks six, suicide four, and murder two.
Only two.
We just put those lines to up there, okay?
So they got time to think about those.
Now, the deal is, every time we do a show, anything to do with music, a good segment, a huge segment of this audience gets very bad out of shape.
Because wow, that deal is tasting music, sausage and old fart.
But see for this thing tomorrow, I think we got to cover it because you got Josh, there was a young punk.
You got you who's like somewhere in the middle, middle age punk, although gray is the good.
And then of course me, the old fart, I mean, old is the thoo's land.
I'm sorry, walking with the father.
So we cover, I would say we cover like from the 50s to like 50 minutes ago.
Right.
Between the three of us, among three of us, excuse me, among two, including.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm looking for something.
There's a lot of cuts out here that I subscribe if I want to play.
I mean, I could, but what would be the point?
Most of these suck.
Oh, still a black.
Do we want to hear her?
No.
Guess what Canadian Songstress is still sold more records than they are the one in history.
You'll be very upset to know which Canadian Songstress is?
Yes.
Alive.
Alive.
Oh.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
There's a cave.
There's a cave.
Cady.
I'm going to say that.
If I'm going to just take the arm like the arrow.

cycles
