Long-howing.
You are here to my Emmy Ford Lutterdale.
Hello, I'm the General Manager of this radio station.
And today is Rasha Shana, the Jewish New Year's.
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths,
we've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year.
Hey, hey, happy New Year!
Hey, hey, hey, that's it!
Go home!
Okay.
There, back, your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Rasha Shana and I, with their greatest hits out of Sakaapat, the synagogue.
My rubber jacket, when it's just a piece of baby,
I'll wear it, I'll wear it, I'll wear it, I'll wear it, I'll wear it, I'll wear it, I'll wear it.
Yes, Rasha Shana and I is reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of hoppin Hebrew Hicings.
That your name isn't good for you.
This album should be in every orthodox rocker's collection.
Rolling Stone gives it five stars of David.
Yeah, I wonder wonder, who wrote the book of shows?
Sakaapat, the synagogue, new from Rasha Shana and I, available at all record stores.
We'll cut right when you get here.
Don't pass over this album!
The Hebrew!
Oh, hey!
1044-560 WDQAM, Happy Wednesday, to me.
I think the only way we're going to be able to salvage the format of this song is
like to take a break just about immediately if not sooner, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I do.
I know.
And we'll do the other one like it about 56.
So, stand by because we got a lot of spots to play and we got to get those spots in
so we can cash in the cash and get the money so everyone can get paid.
And at least those who are still working at QAM.
Now, we're going to show you a lot of your mornings in midday.
And, we're going to show you a lot of our fights in the midday.
Where are you, Drudge Packing?
FPL is already to answer your questions.
Here is FPL spokesman, Yeldy Killawatt.
I can assure you we're doing everything we can.
Oh, what's the reason you turned the power off before the storm hit?
It was a precaution, I mean, you have a chance.
Why is the park to Palm Beach County still without power?
We're waiting for the winds to be less than 35 miles per hour for last night, like no wind.
Oh, yeah, we got to steer it.
And the quick power has been restored to West Avenue.
It was only after 10 minutes.
That's because those people have much better than all of you.
They don't even got a make-ease in.
But then that, I can assure you we're doing everything we can.
And we got thousands of truck stations on the border out of Miami.
The dangerous on the public.
Why is that?
How good will that do?
I got it.
I'm the boy to my emergency operation manager.
Hey, Mo!
Wake up!
I can assure you what I'm doing everything we can.
Can I go home now?
Yeah, who hasn't arrived?
I like the closest press conference.
Are you announcing a new slogan we follow from the post office?
So sunshine and that's about it.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
10.50, 10.40, 11.50 WQAM, happy Wednesday to it.
Good news. The Marlins won again yesterday.
The even better news is we got a double header at PPP Park today.
The bad news about that is it doesn't start till a 305.
So the pregame's not till a 230.
It says that my schedule Jim Mandage from 2 to 230.
Is anybody believe that the mad dog, a big hot shot like him, is coming in for half an hour?
No.
No way. They'll throw a curse or somebody in there like that.
Kill a half an hour.
Yeah.
The celebrities like Jim Mandage don't come in to do a half an hour.
It's kind of like a warm-up for the pregame show.
Do they?
No.
No.
Anyway, that's the deal.
The good, even better news is we find out that the Marlins have another double header because of all these dang hurricanes on Monday in the first game starts at 105, which means Monday 1230, we exit.
Do you know about that?
No.
Do you know about that?
No.
Do you know about that?
Anyway, bad news from a rack again.
Seems like bad news every day.
Another dead American Marine.
More than 200 US troops were wounded in Iraq the past week.
The Pentagon said yesterday in the total since the invasion was launched in March 2003 is now 7245 injured.
Of the 219 wounded the last week 81 were returned to do the 130 others were not.
The number of Americans killed and wounded is grown rapidly amid an intensifying and increasingly effective insurgency.
There were more wounded over the past five months, about 4,000.
Then in the first 13 months of the war put together when there were 3,300.
The number of Americans killed as of Tuesday was a thousand 18 out of 2019.
That includes three civilian employees in the Department of Defense.
It does not include Army Specialist Keith M. Mopp in 20 of Batabio, Ohio, who was captured April 9th.
His fate has not been officially resolved.
And the beat goes on.
Even though mission has been accomplished boys and girls, everything is really great except for those few little problems there.
Abu Gharram.
They started all that crap.
Why?
Why do you only read the bad news coming from a rack?
Right.
That's right.
Okay, here's all the good news from Iraq.
Listen carefully.
That's it.
Beated curtain today or do I do the poll first?
I don't know.
I'm going to forget how I do this.
Here's yesterday's poll result.
How do you think you will die?
1591 people cast their vote on this very pleasant topic.
Old age or natural causes.
I'm dying over here.
591.
Hard attack?
420.
I'm dying over here.
Cancer 226.
Board him 171.
I'm dying over here.
Traffic accident 66.
Suicide 50.
In a hurricane 27.
Murder 22 or in a terrorist attack.
Oh my God.
Only 18.
So, evidently, the neo-Raj's audience isn't whipped up into a frantic frenzy like Tom Rigid
and so the others in the Nazi Bund would have us be all whipped up into.
Because if they can keep us as scared and in a panic, then of course we'll say, oh yeah,
we need four more years of this so we can be protected and safe.
Let's be safe.
Elkie Summer, she's safe.
She was born.
Look at that.
Did you know she was born on my birthday?
Wow.
I did not.
Well, now we just discovered this November 5th, 1940, which means she's two years older than
I am and that means she's really old.
Born in Berlin, one of my favorite cities in the world.
What a great city.
Oh man.
That is a fabulous city.
It is beautiful.
The people are beautiful.
The food is great.
Then brought worst man.
There ain't nothing like them German winnie.
Anyway, here are a filmography.
Let's see that makes her like I said, almost 44.
I mean, I'm sorry, 64.
Her movies include Nithmus Unz.
Yeah.
Well, that's a lot of Truman stuff here, man.
Flashback, Dappathas Spiel mit An, Alice Nurt Tharnung, and a whole bunch of other Truman stuff that I can't pronounce.
Destiny, Ryd, Severed Ties.
We've had to be reading a bunch of German stuff on the era of Russia, Shona.
Himmelsheim, Adventures Beyond Belief, Phanna Stasian Mystery of Animate for TV, the TV miniseries Peter the Grey.
Well, we all know who Elkie Summer is.
I'm even wasting my time reading this crap.
Prisoner of Zinda, the Dublin McGuffin, the Pleasure Seekers, the Treasure Seekers, Nightingale, Sangin Berkeley Square, the Fantastic Seven, Top of the Hill, Aisitsun said Boulevard, Man in Pajama,
Inside the Third Reich.
Now we're getting a little more timely.
No, it's posted to Abu Gharrab.
Okay, here's the deal on Hurricane, I mean Tropical Storm Genie.
Are we pronouncing a Genie or a Genie?
I don't know.
Well, why not?
I haven't been watching the news.
Shame on you, Mr.
Just because Ivan is going to blow the Gulf away, I mean, we ought to start worrying a little bit more about Tropical Storm Genie now.
Because by the 5 and 5, 30 and 6 o'clock news is tonight, I guarantee the weather ferries will be hyperventilating in the forecasting it's going to come blow right through your living rooms.
Guaranteed.
Genie, during Hurricane's strength as rain bands reach Eastern Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, we just can't catch a break, you know what?
Nope.
Just another good reason to stay the hell out of that whole area.
When it doubts stay the hell out.
A hurricane warning is an effect for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands again, damn it.
Man.
A hurricane watching a Tropical Storm warning an effect for persons of the Northern and Southern coast of the La Republic of Dmiticana from Cabrera, South to where to Santo Domingo.
Tropical Storm warning remains an effect for the British Virgin Islands, St. Kits and Nevis.
Tropical Storm conditions also affecting other locations in Northern and the Leeward Islands.
Or some people say, Louard Islands and I have no idea why they say that.
Why did they say that?
I don't know.
And anyway, Genie is moving toward the West Northwest near 8 miles an hour.
And this motion is expected to continue during the next 24 hours.
On this track, the center of Genie will pass nearer over Puerto Rico later today.
It's going to be a lot of blowing weekends.
Maximum is sustained winds near 70 miles an hour with higher gusts.
Some strengthening forecast in the next 24 hours in Genie could become a hurricane before passing over Puerto Rico.
Estimated minimum central pressure at 9.91mb, which ain't all that bad, but nevertheless, it ain't all that good.
And if we have another hurricane, the forecast track map, we got off of the Ivan one because it has nothing to do with you folks.
And we ericked a good job of putting a Genie on there for you.
Good job, Eric.
As a matter of fact, it would seem to me probably there's a new one up right now or in a few minutes.
So if you're worried about track in Genie and you worried again for the umpteenth time, this is getting pretty freaking ponderous if you ask me.
Would apply wooden, the water and the generators and the batteries and the flashlights and the portable radios and all of these things, man.
It's getting really just a little bit ponderous already because the Lord works in mysterious ways.
And he's still punishing Theresa LaPort and all you bastards in Florida for fixing the 2000 election causing all these innocent people that he did now because the W Bush and all his lying Nazi bastards.
That's right. That's just my opinion.
Lee Cowell, Aaron's coming.
Prepare yourself for the ultimate showdown of evil.
Alien versus predator.
Look for your lives! Wait!
Look at that!
Get ready for nightmare and elm three and Jason's for Friday the 13th!
That's right.
The ultimate showdown of evil just got evil.
It's Alien versus predator versus Freddy versus Jason.
There's evil everywhere!
Wait! That's right behind the children's hall!
That's no towel! That's a chucky from childhood!
Now the ultimate showdown of evil isn't just evil.
It's ultimate.
It's Alien versus Predator versus Freddy versus Jason versus Chuckie.
This can't get any serious.
Oh yes it can!
It's the guy from the Texas Jameson Magiker!
That's it goes now.
It's Alien versus Predator versus Freddy versus Jason versus Chuckie versus Leatherface.
What are they all waiting for?
I think it's over who gets top billing.
This summer horror has a really long name.
Kill this.
Alien versus Predator versus...
Well, you get the idea.
In theaters now.
Yeah we get the idea.
11.02.05.60 WQAM.
Like I said, Marlon's the next boss.
Doubleheader at PP Park.
Get out there today to just screw off from working and go and see the Marlon games.
Now what are they?
The Cubs won last night.
I don't care what Josh says.
I know the Cubs won.
Everybody in the race won last night.
San Francisco won.
I know that's the Giants won.
And Houston won.
That's right.
What about the Padres?
Are they still hanging around?
I guess they're close.
They're there.
Yeah they're there.
And they won.
See he's trying to calm me down.
They're there.
Anyway, oh it's big of a coming me down.
Guess who was on Hyperventilating on CNN about a half an hour ago.
And I was lucky enough to get some of that on tape.
You won't believe when you hear this voice.
Yeah, the surf, which the waves have changed over the last couple of hours.
Also we've acquired this win gauge that we've been using to unscientifically monitor the wins.
Because actually true wins can't be obstructed.
They also have to be at least 33 feet in a year to get true measurement.
But we've been noticing already that we've seen an increase in about 10 miles per hour since this morning.
You know, it may be as a result of Charlie.
And the fact that a lot of people presume that the course of Charlie
deviated some of the first American Center would certainly argue with that.
It may also be that a lot of people saw what Francis did to the center of the state.
The anxious Ricky Tiki Sanchez on CNN.
It's the first time I see an monitor.
Have you seen him on CNN before?
No, it'll be for today.
And hopefully it'll be the last time if we're lucky.
Maybe he'll get blown away right there in the beach.
Wouldn't that be a shame?
Anyway, speak of that Ivan deal.
And of course, now it's a category four, but it's got 140 mile hour wins and it's burrowing right up the Gulf.
And they we don't know where because it's kind of like wiggly wobbling a little bit first to the west and then a little bit back straight north.
And they're not really quite sure whether mobile is going to get the big blow or maybe Nalene's the big easy and going to be so easy.
And people are streaming.
They're pouring out of there.
So if you have any friends or relatives in New Orleans, I'd call them right now and say goodbye and wish them the best in their afterlife.
Would that be a good idea?
Come to get the hell out of there is what I would tell him when a doubt get the hell out.
Now this story in the Houston Chronicle news.
I don't want to say that they're well, maybe they're not exaggerating.
Could be really bad.
Says more than 1.2 million people in metropolitan New Orleans were warned to flee is 140 mile hour hurricane Ivan churned toward the Gulf Coast threatening to submerge the below sea level city during what could be the most disastrous storm to hit in early 40 years.
Oh my God.
Forecasters said Ivan blamed for Lee 68 deaths in the Caribbean could reach 160 miles an hour strength and a cat five by the time it blows as sure as early as tomorrow morning somewhere along the Gulf Coast.
The National Hurricane Center is posted a hurricane warning for a 300 mile swap from Appalachia cola in the panhandle of New Orleans and Grand Island, Louisiana.
New Orleans, I guess they're not going to have too much of that southern company next couple days, right?
No, they'll need to be drinking it.
I'm not going to be enjoying it too much.
New Orleans residents streamed inland and bumper to bumper traffic and agonizingly slow exit is amid dire warnings that Ivan could overwhelm the city with up to 20 feet of filthy chemical polluted water.
Traffic on interstate 10 from Louisiana was stopped and go today all the way to Houston where the hotels are filling up fast.
Walter Maestry, I wonder if he's kind to the ex-cans of city athletics shortstop.
Walter Maestry and emergency manager in New Orleans, America's most vulnerable metropolitan area has 10,000.
This is just amazing. I don't even know if I want to read this.
Oh, go ahead.
America's most vulnerable metropolitan area in New Orleans has 10,000 body bags ready in case a major hurricane hits.
As Hurricane Ivan's expected past shifted uncomfortably close to the low-lying urban soup bowl, Maestry said yesterday he might need a lot more.
If a strong cat four storm such as Ivan made a direct hitty war in 50,000 people could drown and the city could cease to exist.
This could be the one Maestry said you're talking about the potential loss of a major metropolitan area.
Well, then where the hell are they going to have the Marty Grah?
If we don't have no more New Orleans.
I guess Texas.
Marty Grah.
Now they just ain't got the right kind of mugwumps in Texas that they got. They got cowboys in Texas.
They don't have that good key, June cookin'.
Join George and the Boca Brian today for Happy Hour.
Oh, George wants to tell you a big son and they got up.
I only wish you could.
Wait a minute.
If we could say all the things on here that we talked about before the shore be there.
Have a 20 share.
Oh, God.
You only had the inside poop.
Inviteers a lot of poop going on a QA in these days.
What's the latest poop on Hank?
Does anybody know?
No.
Every day I ask and every day I'm told the same.
By both Clarence and Muff.
The Muff, myster, who's busy sharpening his dump finger up.
They know nothing.
Of course we already knew that.
I've seen some embarrassing crap in my life, but the way that that whole situation is being...
I would say handled, but mishandled is so grotesque and outrageous and unacceptable.
And it's just...
They're no words to describe it.
It's just idiotic.
And I asked another question.
Well, I don't want to go into it.
About what our sales department is selling.
What personality are they selling in the afternoon?
It's kind of like a bait in the swiss.
If you're buying the Hank Goldberg show and you wind up with...
That.
I mean, come on.
Get serious.
Unless we're giving about a 90% discount.
Join George and Boka Brian today for Happy Hour, 5-7 in the PM at Treasure Island.
Located off the Palmetto, just north of the 120-second Street exit.
This week's feature will be Stephanie Evans.
And maybe you can get up close and personal, uptight and out of sight with Stephanie.
5 o'clock this afternoon.
Okay, here's our poll for today.
And we need a whole bunch of additions on it.
Because I see we got some votes already.
But we only have four choices up there, including one that I've ever heard of before.
I've heard of Daddy Warbuck, Spend him a Heard of Daddy Warhol's.
Believe it to George.
Yeah, the Daddy Warhol's.
Holly's 14, Sublime Eight.
Daddy Warhol's in Supergrass, don't have any.
Supergrass is either a group or something George is trying to buy over at the Barbershop later after work.
Both.
Most underrated rock group of all time.
That's our question today.
I voted for the Holly's.
That was my pick yesterday.
Of course a lot of you punched out there with no the Holly's from Buddy Holly.
But that's the way it goes.
Okay.
So we need a lot more for that list.
5 6 7, 0 5 6 10.
And we don't want any big name group.
We don't want nobody calling it.
Oh, the Moody Blues.
The VGs.
You know, underrated rock group.
In other words, one that doesn't have a lot of notoriety.
One that almost nobody talks about.
One that ain't going to be whatever.
You know what I'm saying?
It's not that complicated.
But a lot of you will make it that.
Because it's just your style.
It's just the way to stop floating to do things.
It's, oh, well, we didn't really understand the most underrated rock group of all time.
Very simple.
And hopefully some group that somebody other than just yourself has heard of will be nice.
That would help.
WQA and Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Unfortunately, I don't have any vote for your poll.
But I did want to call on reference to your friend Rich Sanchez.
Yes.
I thought out little to weave an avid term all last week.
Yeah.
You're 100% right.
He's about five feet four inches.
Got these BDI tips staring at my wife.
Check it under boots.
I was right in my head off.
Why is your wife got big boobs?
Well, she just had them done.
I see.
Well, I mean, you know, not bad.
Congratulations.
It was so funny when you played that.
I said, man, I got to let him know that.
I guess he was with his kids.
Why might even play a little bit?
Or it may just be the people who are watching.
On television and seeing this huge category for storm coming in what they presume to be their direction.
Little more.
And I guess those people are really nervous because they don't want to wind up dead like the guy that Rick hit in front of the stadium.
You own his car unbelievable.
Hey, what's the hockey game?
Why?
No, I did not.
Well, why would I dignified?
He's a primit Don is the, you know, the hockey it later on this afternoon.
They're going to be officially announcing the lockout and the season's going to be canceled.
And they might not even have any hockey till 2006.
They're saying now because the two sides aren't even talking.
So the idea that I would, I would dignify them by watching a bunch of dog and ponies show a meaningless game that of course here in Canada.
Oh, we won.
Aren't we, Greya?
Who the hell gives a crap?
Screw that is what I say.
And by the way, don't send the Panthers any money.
Have a great day.
Yeah, send the Panthers some of your money for those season tickets.
Of course, season that's nonexistent.
How many months have I been telling you that?
About 30, man.
Jesus, God Almighty.
It's like going into a restaurant and they were charging you for a great juicy steak upfront.
And then you give them the money to say, well, we don't have any steak.
Yeah, but I just paid you for it.
Well, it's kind of like paying for hurricane shutters upfront and then finding out they were not going up until after the hurricane clears.
Stuff like that.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, I have no idea.
Oh, man, I'm biting my tongue so hard it's bleeding big time.
WQA and hello.
I got a band for the pool.
Yes, sir. Go ahead.
What?
I said, go ahead.
There do always call them out.
Got them out.
Yeah, okay.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, like I have a name for your poll for the day.
Yes, sir.
Sweet.
Sweet.
That's the sweet.
That's the sweet thing.
I was talking about them this morning.
Okay, got it.
Great stuff.
Thanks, Pally.
Thanks, Dave.
Okay.
WQA, hello.
QA and?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
Okay, two questions.
First of all, for your poll, Queen, QUE and with Freddie Mercury.
Okay.
They weren't really that much on the day.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I was looking for this morning.
Yeah.
Bigger than God.
Right.
Well, at one point they were, but I'll give it a move right along.
Yeah.
I heard the big on Mercury is what I'm hearing.
The other thing is, regarding to the NHL contracts and everything, just out of curiosity,
because I went on the NHL website and they don't have anything basically based on
onto what the players associations are, what they're trying to accomplish.
What they throw, what the owners want is a salary cap and a players association
don't want it because there are a bunch of greedy selfish bastards and Gary
Vettman's a little dweeb twerp and Bob Gooden has gotten him by under his thumb.
And as a result, they're in an impasse.
They're not, they're farther apart now than they were six months in a year ago.
There's no chance.
In fact, my, my suggestion for this hockey season.
They've got about it.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
Right.
And don't send the Panthers any money or any other hockey team.
Did I watch that game last night?
I wouldn't watch any of these primitons.
I mean, just outrageous unbelievable.
Keep screwing over to fans, the pain public.
Scrum.
Okay.
A meaningless stupid ass game.
And by the way, from right away, I read in the papers this morning.
It was the same as the NHL, what's ruined the NHL holding and grabbing and clutching
at a bunch of crap.
And there he is again.
True measurement.
You and I built, talked earlier about this and this is certainly something that is important.
And that is the, um,
our two-clutch deluxe for extensions.
To the new Rogers exclusive.
And the new one.
And the new one.
And the new one.
Florida sucks.
These guys are KVS.
The guy that pushed their fans up.
One day, his public share said that I'd say that my friend.
He's got a pain in his eyes.
He serves his country while it was a POW.
But in 2000, what's more than the trailer is due to?
We call this right by trucking and drag this door to two.
And our kids are putting him.
And he gives him an honor to join the KVS.
How can he put up with that crap?
What's the people in his fingers to support the little stinker?
The genre of KVS.
Talking about the KVS.
John Lepinny.
It's 1118 and 560 WQIN.
Anyway, this is going to be difficult this poll.
You know why?
Was that?
Well, because you're going to say, well, all they're very popular
in their Narok and Rool Hall of Fame and everybody knows them.
I'm going to say that.
Yeah, you are.
For example, here's one that says from Grumpy.
Undoubtedly, the greatest unsung rock blues group is the animals.
In fact, I was playing a little of that yesterday, remember?
Which I would reach back there and get it better too lazy.
Also, don't knock the brits.
Oh, this is from some Brit.
Well, like I said, don't put them on.
Everyone knows the animals are in big, huge group, right?
Yeah.
Are we putting them on or not?
Well, whatever you want.
I mean, the question is underrated.
So if you think they're underrated.
Yeah.
The animals.
You see, we didn't say what our group should have been more popular.
That's true.
Underrated.
So even for that liny Brit, for that silly as a twit,
who's probably full of Schmidt, we'll put that on there.
Don't bug me again.
Okay.
And I'll say whatever the hell I want about you, silly as brits.
And isn't that nice that Batman was there on the Ebalcony,
just in case the queen came back from Valmoral?
What a bunch of crap.
Good thing the terrorists don't have to worry about all that security there,
it's fucking impalicative.
They ever want to go after that queen.
Baby!
And all the other queens inside there.
Elmer says, could you please, please add radiohead your poll?
It's done.
Is it done?
It's done.
Good.
The kinks.
See, it's the same as the animals, right?
I don't know.
I mean, I like them a lot.
I'd love them.
I think they were underrated day.
They had long history.
Long history.
Long history.
Well, put them on there.
All the way up to MTV Day.
Put them on there.
When people talk about the greatest rock groups of all time,
do they talk about the kinks?
Not the greatest.
Underrated.
I said groups, groups, plural groups, like maybe the top 10,
the top 20, the top 30, the top 30.
The top 30, man.
Like I just said, put them on there.
Just for kicks.
The kinks for kicks.
And here's a good one.
This is exactly the kind of group I had in mind.
The kinks is Gary.
Crowded House.
Indeed.
I already stuck it on there.
Love Crowded House.
I mean, that's exactly the kind of group we're talking about.
Also, it says on your internet stream, instead of getting blessed,
blessed silence during your breaks, we're getting that majorly baseball disclaimer.
What does that mean?
Majorly baseball disclaimer?
The recording that we can't stream the, uh, the Marlins because of this.
Hey, Gary, you're always bullied.
You can always bully him.
Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
Just calm down.
Okay, we're doing the best we can on a horse ball station, with a horse ball central manager
and two intermediate group balls who don't know my S from their elbow.
Okay?
So just relax, Gary.
We're doing the best we can.
And I think under the circumstances, we're doing pretty dang good.
You know what I mean?
I got so much stuff here, and I'm never going to get in because this dang poll I come up with,
is, uh, we're going to have 80 million, which is good.
That's the idea of it.
I have a whole bunch of Monday and everybody vote.
But I got it mentioned this first.
Explosive founded contractors, bags of JFK.
Oh my God.
A government contractor was carrying highly explosive Soviet munitions from Afghanistan that
were not detective until he arrived at JFK airport.
Federal officials be saying today.
Sean Marshall, a medic for defense contractor, Dying Corp arrived at Kennedy on August 19th
from the United Arab Emirates.
He was tried to board a United Airlines flight home to California when he was pulled aside
for routine security check.
A search of his bags by federal screeners found what police bomb technicians described
in an FBI complaint as a Soviet projectile point detonating fuse and a surface to air
and air to air cartridge.
Just the kind of stuff that most of us would have in our sack.
Federal officials said they could not comment yesterday on the risk that the munitions
posted a flight that the city police bomb squad determined munitions were highly
explosive according to the FBI complaint.
Oh, that's no threat to a flight.
Little bomb like that blow up a big jet like that.
I don't think so.
Well, Marshall also had 550 caliber bullets and four small arms cartridges which he did not
declare to the United as recorded by law according to the complaint made public yesterday.
The Transportation Security Administration Office is a search marshal's bags called
police for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which operates the report.
The fact that the TSA located these explosives in the kit, the system is working.
They said, right.
Of course, the fact that he was at, you know, came, came in and they didn't find him till he landed.
That shows it's really working on it.
The FBI sent agents to arrest Marshall at his Riverside California home after the bomb squad
analyzed the munitions and dime-corp official said Marshall had no involvement in its training operations.
A Port Authority spokesman said he couldn't comment on why Marshall was released.
He phased his charges of placing explosives on their craft and trying to place ammunition on domestic flight
without notifying the carrier.
Could face 20 years in prison of convicted.
I say just shoot his ass.
That's right.
I think it's about time we could push he footed around with all these terrorist types
and would be terrorists and people with dangerous.
Here's one that really pisses me off and I'm sure that it's accurate.
Most underrated Jethro Tall.
And let me ask you one simple question, okay?
Okay.
Are we out of gas?
That's steely dead.
I know.
But every time I think of steely dead, I think of Jethro Tall.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because I hate him both.
I, same genre.
Real?
Same era, huh?
Same genre.
Yeah.
Okay?
No?
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Okay.
Bye.
Steadily dead.
That is jazz rock.
I know steely, dan.
Steely, dan.
Are we out of gas?
Are we out of gas?
Steely, dan, blows, okay?
If you think I'm putting steely, dan on there, man, I'd rather put Ricky Tiki Sanchez under me
from putting steely freakin dan.
Didn't suggest it.
Put his Jethro Tall.
I'm Tonya.
I'm like.
I'm not going to argue with you.
Okay, because you are the as you are arguing.
All right.
11 o'clock this morning,
a couple of storm Jeanne,
much of the dynamical guidance calls for Jeanne to turn northwestern,
even northward after 48 hours.
On the other hand, the,
well, the GFDL is a left outlier.
What is that?
No idea.
Calling for Jeanne to track across the library,
public and Dominican abomas,
what is this?
Like I'm supposed to understand what that list of mumbo jumbo
from the National Weather Services all about
from the Hurricane Center?
I have no idea what that means.
I looked at the,
and by the way, nice job there, Eric.
Eric put the 11 a.m.
tracking map up on our website already on your rages.com.
And it looks to me like it's moving farther further away
from you folks, more to the east.
And that would look like if you take a few get it right there.
Yes, it does.
Air full.
So this, again,
this is our friend that taxes all these things
as if we don't have computers,
but thank you anyway.
But the quit underlying and trying to get me all whipped up
into a frenzy and get the audience all worked up and pissed off.
I'll say it again,
Jethro Dull Steely Dan, same era.
Okay.
That's not same genre.
That was a misspoke, but same era.
Yeah, are we putting Jethro Dull on there?
Yes, Jethro Dull, I just got through center.
And you can put Steely Dan on there just to show it
a good guy.
I am put Steely Dan on there.
There'll be some idiots out there vote for him.
And by the way, are we still out again?
Yes, we are.
Good, although the stations are back open now.
No WQA M. Hello.
Frankie Lyman.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
Oh,
Frankie Lyman.
Frankie Lyman.
What?
If Rockwell doesn't stop taxing, I'm going to go get him.
Good.
We can't really say.
We're going to say.
We're just going to get him.
We just put Ron on the sofa and just chain him there.
He'll never get out.
Hey, I.
What was I just saying before you interrupted me with some crap?
Are we out of gas?
Something extraordinarily important about some group and all.
I just just never get it again.
Uh oh.
Yeah, it'll never come back.
It was like life and death.
Something about Steely Dan.
Isn't that what it was about?
Yeah, we're going to say something about Donald Fagan.
Were you going to make a joke about his name?
Is that what you're going to write?
No, I just was going to say that they still suck.
Your name's a Neil Rogers.
Correct.
I'm by surprise.
QAM.
Neil God.
Absolutely.
Good morning.
Good, good, good, bye, Theresa LaBore.
We're going to move to you, No more.
We can cut our lucky chain.
You don't got no job, No more.
So back your desk and mosey out the door.
Yes, look, it's a scary horror.
You don't treat your yeast infection.
I don't think I got a mention.
We had enough religions lost by you.
You know, it's stupid, Pascoony.
Your old unspoken ass now.
So forget the hell out of hell.
You're not welcome in the dark, it's hard.
Happy old canon.
Even culture with the shady stage.
That is one less county to read,
beginning for the opans.
It was just stupid bitch.
Oh, find something else.
Can you like passing?
You get smelly to the moon.
11 30 at 5 60 WQ AM 88 votes on the pool.
Oh, before we give you the poor result,
the poor issue was crucified for problem
in 2000 presidential election.
If it was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for you
to resound.
It's only.
Two weeks after Palm Beach County voters rejected her,
they said, bye bye, Theresa.
You silly ass bitch.
You evil doer.
Supervisor of elections to Lisa Lapor
isn't apologizing for past mistakes
or recognizing over missed opportunities.
Instead, she had harsh words for South Palm Beach County voters
who came out against her in droves
and the Democratic leaders who pushed her outstored.
The whipping up especially of these South County Democrats
into a feeding frenzy over the year 2000,
the 2000 general election just be
curgitating all that played a major role in her defeat.
Lapor said Tuesday, it's just amazing.
You can do everything right for 30 plus years.
About 30, man.
And you have one albeit not small incident
and you're crucified for it forever after.
I don't see people should forget it,
but you can't change it.
So you need to concentrate on the future.
You can't go back.
And that's right, just like a Miriam elephant and Broward,
you can't go back in there either again, honey.
You're done.
You're out.
Audio is over there.
Proteins do we.
Plenty of factors contributed to her round.
We don't want to go into the whole backyard of that.
But the fact of the matter is the voters spoken.
They said, get lost.
You've been competent.
You're an idiot.
Take your butterflies and your air,
connect the dots and air,
roll ballots and get lost.
Stick them right in the moon, don't shine, honey.
Get out of our face.
You idiot you.
Anyway, the poll result.
So far.
What is the most underrated rock group of all time?
Good question.
Thank you.
88 votes.
Holly's 26, sublime 25.
That's where the horse races are.
I'm glad to see so many people out there
agree with me on a Holly.
Isn't that amazing?
I'm shocked.
Since I'm the one that's got such crappy taste in music alleged.
Well, you can't help it.
And by the way, I looked it up in the book
because I know that I played a monseid at the same time.
And it was a jathrotol.
There are only two hits,
Bungle and the Jungle and Living in the Past,
both of which sucked big time.
72 and 74, okay?
Stevie Dan, do it again in 72.
Ricky D'Aulus, that number 74.
Then of course they lasted longer.
They were around after that.
So when I say same era, I'm absolutely correct.
And same genre as far as I'm concerned
because you know, you see you don't understand.
There's one word that sums them both up.
Yeah.
Oh, I see.
I didn't know you meant that genre.
That kind of genre.
In other words, is crap, pseudo intellectual crap.
I wasn't arguing the era thing with you.
Bungle and the Jungle, my ass.
Then we do have Franky Lime.
Do we have Franky Lime into the teenagers on there or not?
Are you kidding me?
We better have it.
That guy's gonna come to the station and get Josh.
I'm not kidding you.
Franky Lime in the teenagers.
That guy's obsessed.
I think he wants Josh.
It's a good thing he don't live in California
because if he dug up Franky's body,
he got to know what he would do with it.
Although I think I got a pretty good idea.
Anyway, Holly's 26 of Lime 25.
Steely Dan 11.
See, I told you they belong down there.
A lot of people like Steely Dan.
And hey, a lot of people like vanilla ice cream
and McDonald's too.
Fine.
More power to you.
The Kings 8, the animal 6, radio head 6,
Jethro Dull for suite for suite.
Supergrass 3, daddy warhol's one.
And Crowded House don't have any out of the first 94 votes.
Are you people crazy or what?
Yes.
Obviously they think they're rated just fine.
Crowded House is great.
I like Crowded House.
Maybe they're a little bit too fave for this crowd.
I'll give you another one.
Why you won't agree?
Probably not the belong on there.
I was gonna say REM.
They're huge.
They're gigantic.
Wait, yeah, but hey, you like REM.
You must be gay.
Remember that call?
Sure.
What an idiot.
Oh, yeah, you must be.
Well, guess what I am.
How do you like that?
And I do love REM.
And they actually make music that says something.
I know that's unusual, but they make music that says something.
And that last big hit,
what the hell was the name of that?
That unbelievable video.
Vision of Sure Plums.
No, seriously.
What was the, well, it'll come to me.
10CC, what do you say to that?
Sure.
Yeah, why not?
I could live without them, but they're okay.
Yeah, that's what they do.
One of the most underrated groups of all time
is Crazy Horse with Nils Locker
and Danny Witt and Ralph Molina and Billy Tal.
But they were also near Young's backup band
in the early 70s.
Crazy Horse.
Okay.
Shirley Peters used to go to the Crazy Horse
with all her girlfriends to see all them naked guys.
See what one looked like.
Put Husker do on the pole.
Husker, Husker do.
Husker do.
Oh, I see Husker do is in 23.
He's got to something like that.
Yeah, band from many Apple is in the 80s
that influence tons of bands
that go to Nirvana.
Oh, God, and notes be saying Nirvana.
They're so overrated that they're
no words even to scribe it.
How's he doing, by the way?
He ever healed up yet or not?
Not, not.
Chronic Rick, why do you keep sending me his facts?
As you must be, I must have done something
really evil to you, you know?
Oh, I didn't know the facts.
Every day Richard Mason, I mean, if it was from Perry Mason,
we know about him.
BAMING!
Raymond Burr.
In fact, I heard that he had a burr in the saddles
when I heard.
It burr.
He's got three.
See, you know, it's also, please like Greg Reed,
and at least we know what time of America starts.
Well, if you're listening to Air America, Rick,
then all I can say to you is that's one more reason
to have to read your stupid ass Chronic Paxes on you.
Okay?
Air America, my fat pimple ass.
God.
Nothing like hearing the goddess the day afterwards.
Waaah!
And then hear all the whining on there
without Frank and Frank Lee Spey.
And that broad that I just can't believe that she's even,
I can't believe he's the one who's on there.
What's her name?
The Frinkly Emperor.
Oh, yeah.
She's really great.
Ow, that was a funny bit.
You just played.
You think Harry's got a chance?
Hi.
Who?
Let's say could you please add Maurelion to the list.
What the hell is that?
The Rillian.
The Rillian on me.
Oh, what you said to him like you like,
did he say that like in kind of a condescending way
like I'm supposed to know who that is?
Maurelion, dummy.
Never heard of it.
Yeah.
I put you Maurelion times, man, that they're great.
Okay, put them on there.
Probably no such group.
They're probably like Minamina.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
I'm never going to get to all this good stuff here.
Damn it.
Well, I got to do this one.
Yeah, play a little bit.
Ma-ma-ma-ma.
That's had a big argument about that.
You don't want to solve about.
Ma-ma-ma-ma.
What's already true?
Yeah.
I love it.
George W.
It's almost as good as Nanna.
Hey, hey, kissing goodbye.
But nevertheless, George W.
Bush's commanding officer in the Texas Air National Guard
wrote memos more than 30 years ago.
But, third man.
Objecting the efforts to gloss over the young lieutenant's
shortcomings and figure and take a flight physical,
the officer's former secretary said Tuesday night.
But Mary and Karnaux of Houston said she thought four memos
unveiled by CBS News Live week,
or four juries, not copies the one she typed at the time.
Nox 86 worked for 23 years at Ellington Air Force Base in Houston,
served as a typist for Lieutenant Colonel Jerry B.
Killian, who of course now is dead.
Then Bush's squadron commander and several other officers.
You see, the most interesting part of his deal is,
the big argument is, oh, well, what about the typewriter
and are these the original ones?
That's not the question.
The question was, were these represent
what actually was being said?
And the answer is positively,
in a brief interview yesterday,
she confirmed that Killian had concerns about Bush's fate
to take his physical exam in 72,
which prevented him from flying.
He might have had a little bit of a nose problem.
And about efforts by higher ups to protect the future
present from the fallout, Nox told several newspapers
that Killian kept the personal files on Bush and other
topics in a desk drawer as a way of covering his back
and anticipation of later questions about his actions.
She retired in 79 before Killian's death,
said she didn't know what became of the files.
So there you go.
So she said the four letters that they're shown
look like forgeries, but nevertheless,
they represent accurately what he had written
and what he was saying.
And they knew that we had an A-Wall drunk,
a coach, Norton, future president.
See, again, they keep focusing on the wrong things
because they keep letting them change the subject.
Chains the subject.
The fact is you've got a draft dodging vice president
and president without any shadow of a doubt.
And they're attacking, and then they're big attack
under opponent is because he was a Vietnam War hero,
and because he came back and protested the war,
which of course was the right thing to do
because anybody who would not remember knows,
it was one of the most horrendous rotest mistakes in history.
Even more grotesque, at least to this point,
than the invasion of the illegal Iraq attack.
Oh, yeah, he's just like Jane Fonda.
Don't know if she did a better workout, obviously.
WQA, and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You're going to request you putting Joy Division on there.
Joy Division.
Yes.
OK.
Wonderful group.
And you know, Tom also had aqua long and motor,
was it motor?
Look, a motor breath.
Oh, a motor breath.
You're so sorry.
Why did you do that?
That's almost as bad as hearing rich Sanchez again.
OK, thanks a lot, Pai.
OK, got it.
We got it.
We're going to have 80,000 names on his poll,
and you can peruse them and choose them,
and quite frankly, most of them lose them.
You're listening to me, you old neo-Rodgers.
Exclusively on 560-Q-A-Band.
Coming up tonight, on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood
Celebrity Music Bography profile story.
In one song, he mentions banging seven women.
He was Lou Bega.
A little bit of money got him out of his eye.
A little bit of a rigour by my side.
Well, I do not want to brag, but Lou Bega is cavalier
about his mega hit, Mumble number five.
A man like me, so many appetites,
and I must snack often, though.
God is this guy for real.
Desperate to get a viewpoint which conflicted
with this obnoxious mother f***ing.
We sought outside kind to his Dr. Jane Oh, man's suck.
This Lou Bega is a dysfunctional sex addict.
He has delusions of brand or into severe phallic obsession.
He should be castrated and forced to eat it.
I mean, really, you don't catch me having sex with seven men
ever in my lifetime.
Clearly, we are attempted to spread it Lou Bega had backfire.
So we went the other way and found porn star Ron Jeremy.
Jesus, that's f***ing fantastic.
You know, I don't think I ever did it with seven women
in my whole career.
I mean, at one time, four was the most they gave me.
But then it kind of evens out because I was, you know,
let's just say I bet Lou Bega didn't put it in all the places I did.
So for me, four women was more like 10 or 12.
You know, come to think of it, that Lou Bega is an f***hole.
Who is he to say he's better than me?
Will you listen to this typical man?
They all have to whip out their things and brag about who gets to do me.
I mean, not me.
Oh, hell, yes, I mean me.
Do me, Lou.
Of course, my lovely.
For that is what I do.
I serve as the lovely ladies.
Oh, Christ, we're back to him again.
Well, somebody please kill me.
It's a big juicy, sopping wet look at show business tonight.
On the inside of behind.
Martha Stewart's got a big air sentence ASAP.
I mean, that it's best days are still ahead of it.
Okay, good.
Blender doesn't make you want to go right to Kmart.
If we still had that Kmart out there by the sawgrass and buy all that Martha Stewart stuff.
No, Kmart.
12 bunch of sheets and linens and tablecloths and...
Bath nets and lingerie and pink slippers, stuff like that.
Baton caps.
Somebody says, how about Berlin with Terry Nahn?
It just kind of takes my breath away when I read that.
Take my breath away.
Yeah, why not?
Sure.
They're okay.
See, I got a good one.
Nobody will know who they are and they really were excellent.
And I think they're done.
I think they're finito, which is...
I don't know what time it's a communist bunch of crap.
Band on a naman.
A rate.
Remember I played some of their stuff on the air?
I don't think you liked it, but then you didn't like anything.
No, not me.
Band on a naman.
But I won't put it on there because nobody in this audience will know who they were.
I won't put it on there anyway, just like for kicks.
For German kinks.
Band, can you spell band good?
Ona, O-H-N-E, Naman, N-A-M-E-N.
Got it?
Josh?
No.
Band, B-A-N-D.
Yeah, you got that part.
Ona, O-H-N-E, Naman, N-A-M-E-N.
Band with no name.
Band on a naman.
Great.
In fact, I got some over here.
I'm going to play a few seconds of it just to aggravate the audience.
Let's see.
The Padres lost you, Ignoramus.
Well, how am I supposed to know?
That's Josh's department.
He said they won.
Don't be given me no Ignoramus crap and for the pool, Marshall Tucker Band.
That's a good one.
I didn't say I liked the lesson.
That's a good one.
You have me both.
Uh, that's for a giant.
That's for the overrated pool.
Right.
But in our, look, we're asking for their opinion.
Like I said, a lot of people like a big Mac, okay?
A lot of people for lunch today are going to go to McDonald's or Burger King, God forbid,
and eat that famous Anus Burger, whatever it is.
Giants are half came out of the cubs.
Astros are one behind the Giants.
Marlins are two out and a pod raise are three out.
Thank you very much for where we just seem to be having a lot of pro.
And I don't know why because I should just look at my problem in my morning newspaper,
the national post, which I get delivered and I really hate that right wing rag.
But the, uh, they always, for some reason, don't have a lot of the scores tonight before,
even though some of those games are over like by 10 o'clock, but they go to bed early.
All those right wingers go to bed real early.
Jay says King Crimson, there you go.
That's perfect for our pool.
Who knows?
I'll leave them.
Uh, uh, see now didn't I say this at the beginning of the show, the moody blues, Dave
the cop.
You are just, you use the, you take your cardinals and stuff and by the way, stand,
use you'll still plan.
What about your cunning, him?
The moody blues.
Now you can't put the moody blues on there.
How can you say they're underrated auditorium filling bigger than God?
Right.
The moody blues, my God.
I think, I think Dave the cop probably goes to bed and sleeps on white satin sheets
because he saw obsessed with the moody blues, don't you?
Spends his nights on white sat.
Yeah.
I didn't want to say it.
Here's the poor, poor result so far.
I'm so sorry I said it.
God, we only got a little over two hours to go here, but hurry up.
Of course I could save a lot of this stuff for tomorrow.
Oh, and I got some great news.
Okay.
Just to show you that John Kiri, even though he looks like Herman Munster and Fred Gwyn
and the same guy, Kiri hires Alabama one fired for sticker yesterday.
We had to story about the woman, Alabama, who got canned in some mug one place by some
mug one boss because she had a carry sticker on her bumper sticker on her car.
And she got fired and did it.
Well, Democrat John Kiri has a new campaign working, helping him drum up support, Alabama.
After hiring a woman who is fired for displaying the presidential candidates, bumper sticker
on her car, Kiri called Lynn Goble yesterday after reading a newspaper story describing
how she'd been fired last Thursday from her job, packing cellulose insulation at a molten
Alabama plant.
Goble said her former employer told her she could either work for him or for Kiri.
She said, Kiri told him, let her know that as of today you're working for John Kiri is what
he said.
He was proud of me, pretending for what I believe in the newly employed 40-1-year-old
set of her quick phone call with a candidate.
Goble said, Kiri did offer too many details about a new position.
And after having seen her, I'm sure it's not the prone position.
She'll be helping the campaign and maybe traveling in the list of gets close to the election.
How do you like that?
Nice going, John.
Good to tell you something.
Oh, he's so weak.
Oh, here's a good one.
Now this is good.
I mean, even though of course, see, I don't know.
Maybe it's not so good.
The doobie brothers.
I mean, they're big.
Yeah.
And then again, the animals are big, huh?
No, because that's one of those bands.
It's good for the poll because that's one of those bands that people argue about.
See, this is a very tough one, but that's good because that's the idea of a poll if we
all write.
But if it's so obvious that what's the point of putting the poll on there, you know,
kill time, if it's a poll, it's like all these different shades of gray as the monkeys
would say.
How about the monkeys?
It's just a joke.
Just a joke.
I just said that.
That's a joke.
Oh, you know, so I was already on there too late.
The monkeys did have some good songs.
Yeah, they did.
But even though they were like mostly non-resistant, except of course for Davey Jones who played
a mean tambourine as opposed to a green tambourine.
Right.
How about the lemon piper's?
Just a joke.
You got to say just a joke real faster.
Josh gets it on there.
That's on.
Yeah.
The lemon piper's not to be confused with the lannin sisters.
They also stuck the arches on there just to stick this.
Yeah, the arches were great.
In fact, didn't they do that sugar shocker bit?
What is the most underrated rock group of all time is our poll and don't forget also you
can take a look at that 11 a.m.
Tropical storm genie which may become hurricane genie.
Just in case you're a little bit nervous these days, a little bit unsettled and glued with
all this crap that's been going on lately.
Hollies 33, they continue being in first place.
I'm going to during the break.
I'm going to reach over and grab that disc, play just a 10 seconds of Hollies, 10 seconds
of the animals and even maybe 10 seconds of band old and almond.
Hollies 33.
So actually as I recall a couple years ago when I played that, you liked a couple of
of their songs.
Band of the number.
I didn't know.
They're dance.
Pretty good.
And you love that video where they mocked the Catholic church and they had the nun.
Oh, and he was running around naked and the nun was like, oh my god.
And she kept looking and looking.
Hollies 33 sublime 31, the kinks 18, steely day in 17, they should burn and hell.
Jeff, Jeff wrote tell 14 and then they won't have to worry about if they're out of gas.
Radiohead 11, the animals ate sweet six super grass five.
That grass.
It's super.
10 CC for Huskadoo.
Huskadoo 3.
Berlin 2.
It sounds so stupid saying that Huskadoo.
Is that like you get all in V East garage?
It's good.
Bible crazy horse to crowded houses got a pair of band or nomads got one and that wasn't
my book because I would I would have changed it.
I would have voted for them instead of the hollies.
Hollies don't need my help.
Band or nomads got one.
God bless you.
Whoever you are out there, somebody would great taste some crowd.
Good.
You I'm tell you right now you would love to tell you right now.
You love it.
In fact, when Al Goldstein sends you over there.
I don't know if he's at an apartment there.
You can stay and I know he sure is.
I don't think he's going to stay here.
Maybe he has a homeless shelter.
He can stay in that he hangs out.
You hostile division one.
Now look at the way he's spelled that million.
I thought you were giving him the facts.
Is on these so we could at least close to spelling it right.
It's got LL I O when he's got.
I think that's how they spelled it on the facts.
No, they did not.
One, Betty were holes one and no votes yet for the dooby brothers out of 150.
They got no votes.
The dooby dooby dooby.
Man.
I thought this crowd was into doobies.
King Crimson none.
Marshall Tucker band none and Frankie Lime and the teenagers don't have any yet.
We put it on there for you.
Puts and you need to vote for it yet.
What is your story?
I have no idea.
I probably can't afford a computer.
Huh?
He probably got a he'll probably go to the Internet cafe.
He'll get around to it.
Library.
Three WQ and hello.
I have no idea.
WQ and hello.
Yes, I need a register.
Yes, sir.
Speaking.
Oh, yes, just like to tell you, Grant, Bob Browell.
What was it?
Grant Funk Railroad.
What is he saying?
Grant Funk Railroad.
Oh, Grant Funk Railroad.
He sounded like he had four pounds of mushrooms in there.
I don't want to repeat what he said the way he was saying it.
Grant Funk Railroad.
I heard what he said.
It was just like that.
Oh, it was kind of like that.
Like he had a shoe over his supuss.
Yeah, that's a good choice.
Sure.
Huh?
Love Grant Funk.
Well, micro-guarded.
Somebody cue him.
Hello.
Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
Listen, I don't have a suggestion for the poll, but actually wanted to ask you about a similar
one.
You had a while back.
Right.
A couple of years ago, you asked who we thought were the worst new artists.
And I suggested Macy Gray.
And you basically ripped me a new one.
And not because we like her music, because we just like Macy Gray, because she's funny.
That's all.
But I mean, she's awful.
She's awful.
Yeah, that's the idea.
She had him to Zima.
Oh, there's so many bits now that come to mind that I should be playing.
And the girl from with Mpussima and all these others.
That'll work.
Yeah, and the Macy Gray bits too.
OK, Pally, when you were right.
She sucks.
But we like her anyway.
He didn't get it, sing.
Yeah.
They say my voice is that just perfect, Miss.
Between the munchkin and seamy dicks, you try to understand what I say.
I love to stand by my foe.
Words that I'm singing are clear.
I won't go sound weird till you're down here.
There is nothing wrong with my throat.
And my tongue is free of car fun clothes.
The only thing that I know is clear.
This culture has made my career.
OK, I got a little bit of play a little bit of some of this.
In fact, during the break coming up, since we have nothing but commercials and breaks
all the time anyway in the show, we don't have any show left.
I'm going to find that Vander Naman did.
Oh, we also have Moody Blues on here.
Oh, man, this might just be the greatest song of all time.
Let's do that again, not.
Oh, that'll only take about six or seven months.
Then we won't have to worry about these stupid pain and he has pulls anymore.
This could be, like I said, I do like nice and Broadway.
Yeah, which is the BG song.
Oh, it's fucking good.
I'm trying to see.
My, my, my.
Oh, you know, I'm going to be a little bit more.
But I will say this and I know that sounds really bad, especially on your AM radio.
But even if we're on your FM radio, it didn't make any difference because when that came out,
I would say 68, 69ish.
I'll look it up in the book.
I thought I was a distraught key on WTPS in Kalamazoo, Michigan, no less.
And I remember playing that on the year and I thought to myself, that sounds awfully like distorted.
Like were they listening?
I mean, when they mastered that thing, were they listening to the sound of it?
Am I wrong or right?
No, no, you're right.
It's that distorted on purpose sound.
Oh, I'm way off on the air.
I guess we were playing as an oldie in 68.
It was 32765.
Reach number 10 on the charts.
And just a great.
66 yet.
65 Ryan was guessing.
So you're wrong, Brian.
Let me say it again.
32765 right here.
And what was I talking about?
Night's on Broadway.
That was the beat.
I was talking about nights in White satin.
Yeah, a lot of nights, so many nights and so little time.
That's what the Brits say.
So many nights.
1156, four minutes till noon at 560 WQM.
Don't forget, we had announcement on who's going to be doing 2 to 2 30 because I'll bet Greg's life on it.
It's going to be mad dog.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
I'm not going to be doing it.
Short and paladin and swiftly
The girl with empathy might keep smoking.
And when she passes, she flicks her ashingos.
When she smokes, she's like the chimney
That shoots up clouds on snow.
So nasty that when she passes, she passes gas and goes.
That was a redberry open package.
That was a redberry open package.
Short and paladin and swiftly
The girl with empathy might go smoking.
And when she passes, she smiles with big yellow teeth.
I sure hope there's no more raspberries in this, don't you?
Oh, raspberries.
Yeah.
Right.
What's the other way?
What's the other way?
What's the other way?
What's the other way?
Oh, but there are me so smoking.
How can she tell where she's going?
Yeah, she would give them a bloody.
But each day when she has to go pee,
she sees on the can and lights three.
Short and paladin, physically
The girl with empathy might go smoking.
And then she flashes that smile with big yellow teeth.
And dunk underneath.
She just cannot breathe.
It's only a wheeze.
1203.
Can I have a light please?
At 560, Pevina Q.
I am.
Got a bunch of fangs is here.
NRBQ, it's his best unknown underweighted.
Should have been a big band kicked major ass as herald.
And we'll put it on there right immediately.
NRBQ.
All right.
BQ.
NRBQ.
Right.
Neil Ranger's barbecue.
PR Ralph, your good close personal friend says.
So by now, Mad Dog has forgotten that his Michigan wolverines
lost to the holy Irish.
He must be pissed off.
Michigan lost to Notre Dame?
Yeah.
No.
For a girl's school?
You got to be schmittin' me, man.
That is embarrassing.
To this Notre Dame team, I'll let's set the Brady Quinn man.
He's dangerous.
See, Michigan's upset because they stay up for the good looking quarterback
when they head to Tom Brady.
Maybe it's the Brady bunch that Michigan's on.
Well, that's good.
That's bad.
He says, I have one f in comment for Greg Reed.
Bring back hammer.
Get rid of the hole.
Bring back hammer.
Get rid of Mo.
He says, doesn't he have an early bird special go to?
His morning show was bad, but it's afternoon show.
Just drives me to drink, says PR Ralph.
He is not happy with you, Mo.
He is peowed and pissed off and fired up.
Here's one that says the talking heads.
That's exactly what we're talking, right?
Here's one that says cream.
No thanks.
I take mine black.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Cream is another good one.
Perfect example.
Mm-hmm.
And let's see.
Here's one that says how about rush A?
Alex is a good old Canadian band, rush.
Excellent choice.
When you agree?
Yes.
Okay, yes.
What?
I didn't say you liked them.
I said they're underrated.
But you don't even like band owner night.
What's the name?
It's the name.
It's the name.
It's the song that the sun is going to bring.
It's the name.
It's the name.
I don't want to be the one in all this pain.
Don't talk to the band of the war, Jack.
Yes.
Yes, for good.
You know what?
Anything George don't like, they're gay.
Yeah.
Bye, baby.
What guys have placed slots in it?
Let me see them.
Yeah.
I don't want to be the one in the world.
I don't want to be the one in the world.
I don't want to be the one in the world.
I don't want to be the one in the world.
I don't want to be the one in the world.
I don't want to be the one in the world.
I don't want to be the one in the world.
I don't want to be the one in the world.
I don't want to be the one in the world.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now she can't seem to enter the world.
Okay, it's enough to holly's.
Hullies were great and they are leading the way right now.
37.
We've got a real hot race.
You don't have to wear this.
I guess you don't have to wear this.
The blind to ridiculous is got 36.
Yes, the blind will beat them.
Why do you say that?
Well, that was my vote and they're better.
Well, I guess what, Josh, with all due respect,
we don't give a fine crap about what your vote was.
That doesn't mean it's going to be number one.
Although it was a good choice.
You just discovered a whistle.
You don't have the air that I breathe on that CD, do you?
The air that you breathe on the CD, well, if it is,
it's looking pretty nasty.
In fact, it's like that water.
They were talking about in all lanes.
The air that I be, why would that be on here?
Because they did that.
I understand, but this is not, there's, this is a,
oh, I thought it was the 60s.
25 smash hits and you have to be very careful
where you say that from the, from the 60s.
I mean, it's got some other good stuff.
Remember the other day I played,
going to the Marling game.
I played one of my very favorites of all time.
And I certainly wouldn't put them on the poll
because it's not a great group.
But it's all faces and a memory of their smash.
It's a good part where he hangs out.
And I'll tell you another good group too,
although we won't put them on here.
And I better not mention the name because
you guys should put it on there right away.
From the British invasion.
Searchers.
They put their hands.
And how about Marmelade?
Not.
And here's one that definitely belongs on there.
Tell you right now.
Huh?
Even though you don't like him,
and I'm not that crazy about him either.
You say it in like the Turtles.
The Turtles, baby.
Can he spell it?
I love the Turtles.
And when I said I was going to play the little bit of the animals too,
because that Brit, you all have said about it,
I don't play Eric Burton in the animals.
I wonder if Eric Burton, man.
He sure has a lot of roots on there for Brian.
Bring me for Brian.
I'm a bigger grassroots fan than that little bald head.
It's for a pro-pro-pro-bate.
Grass roots is a magnificent choice.
He put, tell me, there's a good one when you're scared of Friday.
No.
Oh, and you know who else we probably would put on there
if Rick Shaw were listening right now.
That's just a joke.
Okay, good.
Okay, so many groups and so little fun.
It's been one of those shining...
But when he starts saying in German, that kind of leaves.
And of course we got the Jew holidays coming up anyways
to the Jewish audience, his busy going and doing their thing.
Now let's see, I've forgotten it's been so long since I've been in
all that Jewish crap.
Russia's shown our new year.
What are we supposed to do besides go to Shul and pay the adoes
so that we can get in there and they won't kick us out?
What are we supposed to be doing?
Party.
Oh yeah.
And eating a lot.
Then we have to have the home kippers so we can make up for it.
Let's see, on the panel it says,
Joy Division is listed as division.
Not that it's going to matter.
Joy Division is listed as division.
I guess Eric's going to have to change it and pay the rest out on that.
Joy.
Well, God's just getting the Tony's food right now so I'm covered.
Chronic Todd and Hollywood says the winner has to be
and this is a great choice, Todd.
XTC.
And I sure wish I had that with me right here.
Do you have it somewhere there?
We have something somewhere.
Let me look at my music.
What is the name of that thing?
God...
Dear God.
The name of the song.
Dear God, that's it.
Do we have it?
One moment please.
We can play that thing all the time.
Dear God.
I got 10 XTC songs in here.
My finger tips doesn't matter.
I love them hard.
There's your D-G.
Oh, and that's it.
Yeah, but that's not as good as.
Oh.
It's also a little bit more level on this thing, too.
Anyway, that's making plans for Nigel.
They actually had hits in other countries, not here.
Oh, well, of course most of the good groups have big hits in other countries, but not in America,
because they're not commercial enough and because the stations won't play them.
And so nobody has any idea who they are.
So as a result, American music basically about 90% of it blows.
But that's just the way it goes.
And of course, like I told you before, the show I was watching like MTV.
And MTV don't play any videos.
They don't play any music.
Okay.
Much music plays videos.
All the other versions of MTV play like MTV, too.
They play music videos.
But MTV, they're too busy, schmoozing and losing.
They've got that jackass running around.
What's his name again?
Carson Daly.
Yes.
Running run.
What an idiot he is, man.
He just makes me vomit.
He's got such an arrogant attitude.
See, if you're going to be arrogant and have an attitude, you better have some talent to go with it.
If you got a big ego, you better really produce.
You know what I'm saying?
Because if you don't, you'd look like a jack wipe.
By the way, do you check with Joyce to make sure we can say ass wipe?
No, I did not.
Well, I'll say a lot today just to make sure in just in case the market says, oh, you can't say that.
What is the most underrated rock group of all time?
It's a great poll.
If I say so myself, we got 236 votes, even though we only got about two minutes.
Holly's 39.
What did I tell you?
Sublime 35.
Josh is going to go home and vote again.
He's going to cheat.
I just know it because he wants his way.
You know, he's one of those stubborn little bastards that wants to get his way.
See, I told you, I told you.
He also told us the Padres one last night.
Yesterday he told us the cups lost when they 172.
So the fact that, you know, good guy just bad information.
That's Josh.
You know, he means well, but problems.
That's because he works at QAM.
The Kings 29, Steely Dan 23.
Are we out again?
Why do they suck?
You know, the same people like Steely Dan, I guarantee you they like pulp fiction.
Guaranteed.
I'm not going to argue.
No, you know what I'm talking about?
I do.
It's a state of mind.
It's a very true thing.
It's a true thing.
Are you sure?
Oh, I don't forget they put mayonnaise on their fries and amste them.
Uh, Jethro, call 17.
See, they're like side by each.
They're Steely Dan and Jethro, call.
I told you, you just, I don't know what you're talking about.
You just like to argue.
Man, no wonder your wife hates you.
No, I don't like to argue.
Uh, radio head 16.
The animals 13.
Then good group.
Now, what was they?
Don't tell me.
What was the, what was the, uh, uh, house of the rising sun?
Yes.
A house in New Orleans, but not for much longer.
That could be one of the grand.
See, see how this all fits in together.
There was, there re re cutting it.
There was a house in New Orleans.
Right.
Used to be radio head 16.
Animals 13.
Do be brothers 10.
Thank God the do be brothers.
Starting to get a little recognition here.
Sweet eight.
King Crimson six.
Super grass five.
Rush four.
Berlin four.
Husk husk.
Husk.
Husk.
Husk.
Husk.
Husk.
Husker par.
Very good one.
H10, Uala.
Vamos, hello?
It kind of looked like Reb Le.
and none yet for STC talking ads in NRBQ which just popped up on it.
Those lives have been destroyed by crooked record companies.
Stars like Mr. D. Clark over here.
You can plainly see why we need your help.
Over here we have Danny Lopez, who's sang rhythm for the govones.
Every now and then I try to help them out.
It's okay Danny.
Okay, I'm down. I will help you.
I want to ride a love you like I do.
Please show your support by sending your checks to 442 Glenwood Avenue in Surf City.
Our email address is brunzwick.swan.
For more information just call beetwood45789.
Thank you.
Call 18 at 560 WQ.
I don't forget to do a George and little bald headed Volca Brian,
old chicken neck today from 5 to 7 and a half hour treasure island.
Located just off the Palmetto, just north of the 120 second street exit.
This week's feature will be Stephanie Evans that's at 5 to 7 noon.
And when you're there George will tell you all about that other place.
Won't you?
Sure, brother.
I'll hit one.
Oh no.
You see how they?
Everybody do.
They just pop in and just give it a try.
Well, see, I mean they really don't qualify and they got a tremendous number of hits I can't think of any other ones.
I just want to mix used to play that song and it goes to sure I'm being punished by God.
Because what was that all about?
I bet there's somebody mung on the CD, you know?
I've got pizza cheese out there.
Oh man, I bet you Jeff Cohen done it.
I don't see any marks, any tracks and any raid.
Speaking of crowded house.
Somewhere deep inside, something got to hold on you.
It's pushing me aside.
Oh, and speaking of other groups that I can't even find out what cut this is on here.
Nobody has mentioned that we're really glad they didn't.
Yeah, they're rated.
That's what they could do.
Yeah.
And anyway, yeah, no, I don't have the zombies.
Somebody says the zombies.
That's a good she's not there.
I do have a Greg Green Coral Springs.
She's not there somewhere.
Probably there in the studio.
Here, I don't have like a whole bunch of music.
I've got you know a few here and there.
It's amazing how many they do have, you know?
I look for it, but it's not there.
She's not it's not there.
Well too bad zombies.
Good group.
Hollies are still hanging out of a lead.
In fact, look at the kings of guy right now.
But third man.
I just blow right on by.
Okay.
I'm not really sure that they ought to be on there.
Paul Waldman writes, Gurley man, George W. Bush is a coward.
Absolutely correct sir.
He's strong.
He's resolute.
He looks evil.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
Where do I sign while Bush said, how do I get out of this?
Vietnam was hardly the last time Bush would show himself to be something of a sissy boy.
In fact, when you begin to think about history and unmistakable picture emerges, George W. Bush is a coward.
I don't use the word lightly.
Speaking of someone born too late to be drafted, I can't say whether I would have been braven up to follow John Kerry's course in a Vietnam.
But Bush's cowardice doesn't only emerge when his physical safety is at stake, although he's quite happy to proclaim his courageous indifference to dangers that'll be faced by others i.e.
Bring him on.
Let's look at some other cases.
When Bush was told that America was under attack by terrorists, he froze like a deer in the headlights, sitting there listening to my pet goat for seven interminable minutes.
Before someone came and told him it was okay for him to get up and start doing something presidential.
Ask Bush partisan about this.
No, they're spinning.
Will generate enough centrifugal force to suck in anything in the room that isn't bolted down.
He was trying to reassure the children they'll say and project strength.
When Eric flashed your hell of a sign that read, don't say anything yet.
A real man would not have complied as Bush did.
A real man would stop and said, it's been wonderful to meet you children, but I have to go and go to check on the status of the country he was supposed to be leading.
When the 9-11 commission wanted to question the president, he ran like a little girl who just saw a spider.
First he said he wouldn't testify, then he said he would talk to them but not under oath, and only for an hour.
Finally he agreed, but only so long as Dylan recorded the session, and Dick Cheney came along to veil a lot of things got uncomfortable.
These weren't just the actions of a man who had something to hide.
They were the actions of a man afraid to answer for what he did and didn't do, and what kind of a wimp can't be questioned without his vice president by his side.
Bush has held only 12 solo press conferences in his presidency if you were than any other modern president, and you can rest assured there won't be another one between now and November.
A real man would take questions from the press even if some of them are going to be confrontational.
At his last disastrous press conference, Bush couldn't bring himself to admit to a single mistake he's made in office, real man admit it when they're wrong.
No one decided voters, let alone Democrats, are allowed into Bush campaign events, less the farcical as the president events included questions that isn't accompanied by a full sum praise of Bush's greatness.
A real man would have the guts to encounter voters who don't already love him.
Bush's representatives are now pushing to eliminate from the schedule of debates the town hall schedule to take place in St. Louis.
According to news reports, they're concerned that though the audience is supposed to consist of undecided voters, a carry supporter might sneak in and get to ask a question.
What kind of wimp is scared of answering your question from someone who supports his opponent?
After all, Bush is supposed to be the president of all Americans, not just those who support him, but he doesn't seem to have the guts to look the voters in the eye.
Since September 11th, polls have shown President Bush raiding especially high, whether voters perceive him to be a strong leader.
And there's no doubt that Bush knows how to appear as strong, put him in a flag suit or cowboy outfit, and he's in 7th heaven.
The frontier justice catchphrases will tumble from his lips, dead or alive, smoke him out, get him running.
But when it comes time to actually demonstrate strength, Bush withers and fades.
And of course, he was a cheerleader in high school. How girly is that?
Pretty good stuff, huh? He's a girly man.
El Presidente, a real girly man, a coward, a wimp, a draft dodging piece of crap.
Some little piece of good news here. New polls show as the Bush bounce fading just when we were getting ready to kill ourselves.
More than a week after the Republican National Convention and the wake of new questions about Bush's National Guard service,
the race for the White House is once again tightening, thank the Lord, just as pollsters and strategies for both campaigns had predicted it would.
A new monitor, TIPP poll finds Mr. Bush and Senator John Kerry currently tied among likely voters nationwide,
with each receiving 47% of the vote in a two-man race, each receiving 46% when Ralph Nader's added to the ballot.
The poll was conducted September 7th through the 12th, has a margin of error 4%.
Immediately following the GOP convention, polls showed Bush would lead anywhere from 7 or 11 points, but that
the bounce seems to be fading and the Bush is fading too, is more recent polls cut as lead down to 4 or 5 points, yada yada yada.
How do you like that? I like it. Well, there you go. So we got a shot.
This Jimmy Johnson would say we got a shot. And Jimmy Johnson said also speaking of Sissy Boys,
Ricki Williams is a piece of crap is what he said.
You are listening to me, you Roger. Exclusively on 5.6.8 AM.
Abu Dharam Rebun.
Oh my God, how long ago we left sweet sky.
Her hands never cold, she's got better days for such.
She's so oily, so oily and old.
Looks like the Quaker Roast's die.
Smells from the body revolves.
Barbara Boych has body fell and eyes full of her eyes popped out.
It happened when she realized she raised more criminal clouds.
Barbara Boych has body fells and eyes.
And she's touched me, old and cracked me.
And she raised more criminal clouds.
She's a troublemaker and she's so rich.
So why they want to say what no boys,
what's like she's carrying an apple and all between her eyes and eyes.
She has a feature called,
and that she's always surprised.
She's winger when she talks.
Barbara Boych has body fell and eyes.
She gave us your voice and your voice.
It could be high enough that it could cut part of this peninsula off.
And that's something that officials have warned people about.
And that's why many of them have actually evacuated.
And she's a troublemaker and she's so rich.
And she's so rich.
And she's so rich.
And she's so rich.
And she's so rich.
And she's so rich.
Maria J. Wix.
Maria Loughin.
Yes, he's hurt the most terrible bad boys in the Kales Navy is what I'm hearing.
12.33, and isn't it great that we get a little bonus for the audience to get to your rookie Tikki Sanchez's voice once in a while?
I'm seeing it.
Look at me like he's gonna get blown right into the Gulf.
Yeah, let's have a party over that.
It's like there's no escape.
I got one for it.
In fact, I got two for it.
I think what's all I do with the other one.
Oh, here it is.
Do you hear it?
Here it is.
Here it comes.
Take your hat on my bag.
Just your absentee.
Baguette.
Baguette.
Baguette.
Baguette.
This is pet shop boys.
Yeah.
How about the pet shop boys for all the modicone's out there?
With or without teeth in there?
And I got another one.
See, I got that there.
When you went to the modi blues thing and then when I said R.E.A.
And we said, oh, they're jagged at it.
Well, modi blues are jagged at it too, mister.
Yeah.
I didn't say that.
You just put them on there.
You suggested who?
No, not that neither. They're big.
How about the guess who?
Say, I like them a lot.
I think they're very underrated.
Well, there you go.
And I agree with that, the guess who, which I got some on that over there, which I'll...
And how about...
How about...
Even the most off-order, we have tend to not be crazy about the two of us.
How about a lot?
Yours cold as ice!
For a underman, get that on the right away, Josh, you're else.
Kobe I, Girl's Silence.
This is from the New York Post today.
Kobe Bryant, who of course now is off the hook, at least for old times sake, temporarily,
reportedly admitted to cops that he'd take a shot at paying off the teenage hotel worker
who accused him of rape.
I'm in the worst-effing situation, Brian, said, according to a sealed statement he made
a short time before his arrest, which was obtained by sports illustrated.
Then he told the officers he'd see if the then 19-year-old woman,
who worked at the spa where he was staying in Colorado, would accept hush money,
according to the state-match.
The superstar went on to tell cops that another NBA player would tunely paid off his sex partners to keep them quiet.
He added that the player was not identified and paid up to a million dollars to avoid situations like Brian's.
Kinda sounds like the...
The...
Freak-O-1.
Brian told cops he didn't have to pay any such crimes because he treats a woman with respect,
therefore they shouldn't be saying anything, as I said, according to the statement.
The loose-lipped LA Laker guard rambled on the officers as they questioned in the hotel's parking lot
the morning of July 2, 2003.
Two days after the hotel worker said he raped her.
He raped it at her.
He talked about how he first denied having sex with her, but then he admitted holding her the worker around her neck from behind
before, deepening, the kinky acts they engage in, according to the statement.
This is from his own lips.
Holding her around her neck from behind, from her behind.
He insisted those acts were consensual.
He also reportedly admitted cheating on his wife, even before his Colorado Trist,
revealing that he had engaged in a steamy affair with a girl in Virginia named Michelle.
Michelle, not killin' obviously.
Can you even imagine that?
Oh, sorry, it's a little lunch hour, I apologize.
The LA Lakers star won a court victory in the rape care while we know that.
The civil case against him is now pending.
Legal experts said they wouldn't be surprised if the two sides reached a financial settlement before it goes to trial.
If it is tried in civil court, there'll be no rape.
She a lot of rent, the 20-year-old woman's sexual history from being used against her.
She could be faced with allegations of sex roms and encounters with dozens of men, dozens.
All right.
Anything that moved, man, land posts, fire hydrants, store-dogs.
In fact, as she came up here, she probably get into the Royal Canadian Maldives.
I'm actually she ain't got nothing on Scorando.
David Gates and Brad, that is sweet, eh?
Yeah, look at the book, Brad, on there.
I love bread.
Yeah.
I love bread, I like bread.
Yeah, I see.
Chicken and kale for me?
Lasagna for you.
David Gates and Brad, great group of very, very ugly guy.
And of course, very syrupy music, not the kind of music that most of the real men are audience like, but I like no ballads.
Yeah.
But they're point ballads.
Let's see, DB and SC says, having finally realized that either Bush or Kyrzani would be present for the next four years,
have installed a well-stocked king-sized bed to hide under.
Can we put counting croes on the list?
Well, I can't see why not.
Can you?
Sure, we'll put them under.
Yeah, they won't get any votes, but we'll certainly put them under to make you happy.
So you're under the bed?
You can be smiling about it.
5670560, pound 56 on the Verizon Marlison singular wireless line, eh?
Line 9, WQA, and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, for the poor traveling wheelbarrow.
There you go, traveling wheelbarrow is.
And one more thing, Neil.
Yes.
I think, uh, what did you ever do to me?
WQA and hello.
How about the Ellen Parsons project?
Excellent choice.
Very, very good.
Thank you.
You know, thank you.
We never want to thought of that for some strange reason, even though I...
It's crossed my mind.
And why not?
But that I forgot.
I got it here somewhere.
I do believe.
I do believe.
I have a lot of other records.
Great group.
5670560, pound 56 on the Verizon Marlison singular wireless line,
and the parents or a duck or anybody come in and tell us who's going to be on the other side.
Nobody can tell us.
You crazy.
No, it's you, man.
And just this morning, I was screaming at that child, what kind of a radio station we don't even know what the schedule is.
Well, maybe the mad dog will come in for a half hour.
What do you think?
Oh, no chance.
No chance.
He don't come in most of the time anyway.
Comes in whenever he feels like it.
Cocktail.
That's right.
That's the way to do it, man.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Come in for a half hour before the pre-game show to warm it up.
Why don't they have the crow come in?
Huh?
Yeah.
He smells pretty good every once in a while.
Let's have the crow come in.
567.
Oh, age 560.
See, the best part of that drop in is that even he's laughing at it.
Even he knows what a bozo he is.
That's the best part.
He's kind of like cracking himself up.
He does have a sense of humor about himself.
He sure does.
And he smells like lilacs, like a French warehouse.
WQA, hello.
What about the spinners?
The spinners.
All right.
Excellent.
Love the spinners.
All right.
Don't you love the spinners?
You love the spinners.
See, now we probably aren't going to get too much like into the Motown groups.
The four tops.
The spinners.
The, uh...
What's the spinners?
The Isley Brothers.
Yeah.
How about the Isley Brothers, man?
Yeah.
They won't get any votes, but yeah.
Twist and shout.
The Beatles.
You know, I now begin to understand why the Beatles met a wicked end, three of many way.
Two of them died.
Ringo Star still looks like that.
And of course, it's a Paul McCartney.
He's the only one who's got anything going on, not much.
Plus that pain in the ass wife.
No, right?
Peg, Peg Leg.
Yeah.
At any rate, now that was bad.
Poor George Harris.
Now I like George Harris, and he was okay.
I got my mindset on hearing that song again sometime.
I think the reason I like that song so much is because I played it on Zeta, man.
That was a great year on Zeta.
And the morning was fantastic.
With your friend, the bird, and old captain Dave.
That was fun.
Until of course, PD Boulder made it like a hell.
And then of course, Tim Williams.
Who, you know, just happened to be the son of law of the owner of the radio station.
He became general man.
Nice going, Tim.
And you still are an idiot, baby.
You are a low-run.
You are a sippledon.
You're pathetic.
You are pathetic then.
And you're still, I'm sure, pathetic now.
If you're still alive.
When that be something, if like some of the people in this business that just,
you just hated like poison.
There we go.
Yeah.
Thought I had it in the car.
Rubber band man.
Is that what you're playing?
Yeah.
All right.
That's it.
That's all I got.
I don't think we can say rubber anymore.
No.
Call the Joyce and find out.
There's a playing game.
Ask her in.
She's probably got a few running around under dance.
That's all I got to do.
Oh, he's laughing at you.
You're going to talk it out.
I'm not going to talk, I'll be there by the skinny.
That's all I think.
Where does it start?
Oh.
That starts like in between beats.
Man, there's no way to talk that baby.
I've never even tried that one before.
And anyway, it's funny before one.
And this thing is just flying by.
You see there are some benefits to have an external go on and on and on and on.
And the only bad thing is we got no early ball game today.
We do have that game at 10 30.
Right?
You're asking me?
Now why did I write down Elkie?
Oh, that's right.
Elkie Summers to be the curtain today.
That's a fine picture in case you haven't perused that.
Take a good picture.
Nice.
Take a good, good old Elkie.
You want us into Neil Roger.
It looks like we're on 560.
Q-A-M.
It stinks.
If I have any town.
Here.
At 560.
W-Q-A-M.
Dude, man.
Nobody likes to get up in the morning.
But let's face it, party all night, sleep all day, mix Johnny one unemployed convenience store worker.
That's why you need the Rock and Roll Alarm clock.
No wippy beat beats here.
Just gut wrenching, high decibel screens from today's top rock artist.
You'll await to Bruce Springsteen and Joe Cawker.
Chris Robinson from the Black Cros.
And for the true comato snooze sound, there's the Who Alarm.
Oh, that's a wink.
You have called them more.
You're a warm food man.
Studies show stoke brains respond to the Rock and Roll Alarm clock.
Get it now and hit bang your way into a new day.
I'm dying out of here.
Club 45 at 560.
Somebody faxed and says the day park five.
They were pretty good.
Okay.
You don't like the day park five?
I'm just fine.
Well, I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I'm just fine.
I think last year when we had the whole SARS-Dingo
and I'm here in Toronto,
I mentioned that they did the free concert with a half a million people who showed up.
And the Burton Cummins came in with a guest soon.
I kind of like reunited.
And it was a very embarrassing.
You sounded terrible.
I was just couldn't believe it.
I mean, I could say it was great.
They had it on TV.
Oh, man.
You kidding me?
It's just...
I could have said...
I love Burton Cummins.
I love the guest who I might be one of their biggest all-time fans.
Okay.
But they sounded really bad.
Group offers 50 grand for proof of Bush service, the founder of the Group Texans for Truth said yesterday,
that he's offering $50,000 to anyone who can prove that President Bush fulfilled his service requirements,
including required duties and drills in the Alabama Air National Guard in 1972.
And of course, we're all wondering why he wouldn't take that physical, you know what?
Right.
You don't think it could have been because of those problems that he had during his youthful indiscretion days, do you?
That he don't seem to want to talk about anymore.
When he was really young, you know, like 40.
The Group won me be 30.
I would say...
But 30, man!
The Group made the announcement as Bush was in Las Vegas to address the National Guard Association's convention.
Today would be a fine day for him to finally have to answer all the questions that we have dug,
that have dug him since he entered public life.
The Group's founder, Glenn Smith, said in a statement,
Bush is dishonesty about missing from service during Vietnam, goes to the heart of his presidency.
He was dishonest then, just as he's misleading us about why we went to over the rack, he said.
He dodges responsibility then, just as he dodges responsibility for Iraq today.
White House Communications Director Dan Bartlett has said that the fact that Bush received an honorable discharge means he fulfilled his military duties.
Bartlett has dismissed questions about Bush's services, partisan attacks, in other words, don't confuse us with the truth.
Smith said the controversy about whether documents obtained by CBS News alleging the future president failed to obey in order to undergo a physical exam
and failed to complete his service in the Alabama Air National Guard was irrelevant.
Authentic or not, they don't really answer the question about where Mr. Bush was when he was supposed to be doing his duty in the National Guard, he said.
And of course he is absolutely correct.
On Monday, First Lady Laura Bush said she believes such documents were probably forgeries.
You know, they probably are altered and they probably are forgeries and I think that's terrible release, you said,
in an interview with Radio Iowa that's Sirope Bitsend.
Oh, pretty tough on the First Lady, aren't you?
That's Ashley, one of the risks you take when you run from public office or when you're in a public eye for any reason.
And that's obviously a lot of things are said about you that aren't true and that's the drawback.
That's the one thing that's not great about serving in public office, he said.
She said, he said, she said.
CBS News has said it stands by its story and will continue to report on it.
White House Press Secretary Scott McLean said yesterday the president has seen the documents and has no recollection of any of them.
He has convenient Alzheimer's just like Reagan had and then of course got punished and gave them the real thing.
White House spokeswoman Claire Buchanan said the First Lady's comments, not me, the White House has done an investigation into the authenticity of the documents,
but that news organizations probe to raise questions about whether the documents are real and it's a good scam.
CBS reported that the memos were written in 72 and 73 by Colonel Jerry Killingme know that.
Yada yada yada, we know all this other stuff in here.
Right? Right.
These are cowardies, a draft dodger, and the fact that he's attacking a decorated war veteran who
have enlisted and served this country proudly and well, volunteered to serve while others were running off to places like Canada, a while other people were finding all kinds of excuses to dodge the draft and drop the dead like Bill Clinton, for example, and like Dick Cheney know less Dick Cheney, five deferments know less, count them.
Uno dos tres cuatro cinco, Cinque, huh? Yeah, count them.
How do we count the ways that these Neocons, a dodged drafts, you can't even say that.
Care from Tuntai. Well, it's because of this story here.
A couple arrested in Charleston, West Virginia for wearing anti-boost t-shirts to a July 4th presidential appearance.
Zine America, baby.
Foul, the federal lawsuit yesterday, alleging their first amendment rights were violated.
A arrested for wearing anti-boost t-shirts to a July 4th presidential appearance.
Hitler would be proud and Hermann Gehring would be beaming from ear to ear.
Nicole and Jeff Rank were removed from the event of the West Virginia capital in handcuffs after revealing t-shirt with President Bush's name crossed out on the front.
Nicole Rankshirt had the words love America hate Bush on the back, and Jeff Rank's said regime change starts at home.
Regime. Their lawsuit was filed in federal court by the ACLU attorneys.
What is at stake here? Transcend politics, Jeff Rank said it in news conference at the Capitol, and this whole story really is pretty rank if you ask me.
What is at stake is the right of all Americans, Democrats, Republicans, Independence, all Americans to peacefully voice their dissent to their government wearing t-shirts.
Mm-hmm. Without any press.
Any potty sayings on them, even?
No, I just got through reading what it said on them.
Right. Not even anything that that Joyce would make us bleep off the air. How do you like that?
Cock-a-a. They didn't have to take the dump-button theory with them.
Trespassing charges filed against the couple were later dismissed. The City Council and Mayor Danny Jones have publicly apologized. How do you like that?
The lawsuit names Gregory Jenkins, deputy assistant to the president director of the White House Office of Presidential Advance, and W. Ralph Basham, director of the U.S. Secret Service as Defendants.
He saw him and he wanted to bash him. The couple wants to judge to declare unconstitutional any policy that led to their arrest. They're also seeking unspecified monetary damages.
Maybe a few million would be good.
About 30, man.
Yeah. For a start.
We'll take one by half.
Okay. That'll do.
10 for me. Three for you. Two for Josh. He's a punk.
Spokesman for the Secret Service, New Year's Department of Justice to whom a White House Spokesman directed question declined to comment.
Both said their agencies don't comment an ongoing litigation. The ACLU filed a federal lawsuit in September last year against the Secret Service seeking an injunction against the Bush Administration for segregating protesters as public appearances.
The Secret Service had to agree to stop the practices. Jeff Rank 29 said he and his wife were the t-shirts because when you see the president speak on TV, he's usually shown surrounded by pervents supporters only.
While we wanted to hear him out and while we wanted to see him in person, we didn't want to be edited the tally of Bush supporters that day.
Nicole Rank 30.
But 30, man.
Initially, it was dismissed from her job with FEMA, but was re-hard after the charges were dropped.
How do you like this comment as much as craft these Nazis, these fascists, these boost-stepping elunatics that have taken power in America by stealing the election?
And by taking away every single right they can, peace by peace, turning the Constitution to tatters.
God, here's one from German, who says, no, he's not a German, that's his name. Maybe his name is Germann. Germann Tito. Remember Germann Tito? No.
Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes and their song Wake Up, everybody should be the Keri campaign thing song.
You want to put Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes on there? No, not really. I don't either.
I mean, yeah, wake up. It's time for Kerry and his people to wake up. No question about that. In fact, who was it that ripped him an ass?
I got this through here somewhere. Here it is.
Long time Democratic insider Tony Quello, lashed out of the Keri presidential campaign, characterizing it as a campaign in chaos.
It's kind of like QAM. I see tremendous similarities there, don't you? Yep. That's right.
With yet another appointment of a former Clinton administration staffer to Kerry's team on Tuesday, Quello argues the problem is worsening, not getting better.
There is nobody in charge. Now listen to the comparisons with what's going on at QAM, okay?
There is nobody in charge and you have these two teams that are generally not talking to each other as his Quello, who ran Al Gore's campaign, where we need the 2000 presidential race.
As Quello and other detractors see it, there is a civil war within the Keri campaign just like there was at QAM.
The war between the sports nerds and those of us who are not part of the sports nerd fraternity.
Senator Ted Kennedy's former chief staff member is Mary Beth Keehold, the Kerry campaign manager and veteran Democrat strategist Bob Schramma, real loser, are announced with recent additions who served under President Clinton.
Here are two groups that have never gotten along and have fought and it's a lot over money said, Quello, because in the Democratic Party, the consultants get paid for the creation and the placement of advertising Republicans only pay for the creation, not the placement.
Quello, a former congressman who served as host majority went for Democrats from 87 to 89, does not question any of Kerry's staff's sincerity in wanting to once he president bush, but his comments highlight a long standing battle within the party for national campaign control.
In 88 to caucus, Schramma is involved in 92 Clinton, nothing to do with Schramma, they don't want Schramma in any way, Quello says, in 96 they don't want one not one Schramma in any way.
In 2000, Gord doesn't want the Clinton people, we go forward 2000 for all of a sudden it's the Schramma Kennedy people.
And Quello adds that the Kerry campaign staffers are in serious trouble now, so now they want to bring in the Clinton people.
The Democratic scuttle but has long been filled with concern over Schramma's losing streak, he remains all for seven in presidential elections from George McGovern to Michael DeCoccio Al Gore, from Tipper Taker to Everton, sweet Scott, 10, everybody else in single digits so far.
Hello, this is Delaries and you know, mom will be listening to a angel near edges I want to.
In that power company, you put the utility and utility, Florida, paradise and life, there isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you.
When a storm threatens, we can count on you to turn our power off long before it gets here, leaving the rest of us to marvel at the blue glow of exploding transformers, providing us a historical perspective of 1957's technology.
And in the moist heat of tropical darkness, the weakening batteries in our radios broadcast your latest press release for South Florida that says your trucks and crews are ready to roll from the Alabama State border.
And the question in everyone's mind is, huh?
So as we search for the appropriate answer to how many FPL emergency crews does it take to change the lifehold? Florida, paradise and life, this birds for you.
In that power company, moose, absolutely correct.
Okay, that's too a little out of your little of some steam. Let's invent those of you who are pissed off and part up waiting for our days and weeks and months for them to finally get around to get your power back on.
Of course, by the time they do that, the next big blow is coming along. I've been remiss. We ought to take about 100 calls this hour, at least to 300.
I'm sure there are many, many more names we need to get in this poll. I just thought that maybe some of them stories worth getting on.
I did you.
Always. 567, I'm sure my golden like me hates that. Well, he just can't stand that stuff.
Oh, he likes them a lot better than adding names to the poll. I'm sure. Too bad. Like I said, let's get 700, 800 names added on that poll this hour.
And I think he ought to pay that price is kind of penance for not knowing anything about the geography of Cuba last time that we were talking. Oh, man, that was so embarrassing.
He's telling me Guantanamo Bay is an Western tip. The other ones are by that hurricane by Ivan. Oh, he knew it was a tip.
Man, all he knows about is like Guaya Barras and beans. That's basically it has beans that you enjoy the beans.
WQM, hello. Don't talk about beans. Joyce will get upset. OK. WQM. Hello.
You. Yes, sir. How about our screw in and the poll smokers?
I bet that the QAM. Hello. Hey, no, how are you? OK. How about the Smiths? The Smiths. OK. And not bad. We can handle it. Thanks, Pelly. See you. How about the Smiths? Right. We're out of it. Buffalo Bob Smith.
WQM. Hello. What about the remote? What about him? I think he did. Yes. He's dead. I knew that. I just kind of a rhetorical person. We can put the
remones on there. We got some remote fans out there. Maybe. But I'm sure why not? What do you think? Sure. What? WQM. Hello. WQM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Super tram. Excellent. That is maybe one of the best ideas to the whole day. Thank you so much.
Have a grocery. And you too. One. Super tram. Oh, it's a matter of fact. See, it's amazing with the very teeny tiny. I wouldn't say library would be quite, you know, an exaggeration here.
That I have here in my beautiful studio that works so well. But just amazing that almost every time something comes up.
And I'm stalling because this thing doesn't see what I want to work.
Oh, we're back. Oh, this is from. Yeah. Oh, they're left for foot from that. No, you.
Oh, that gun is falling. Oh, geez. We're going through the TV. I think this is the best song of all time.
This moment. Oh, she. I like it. I found the part.
I'll tell you what else I like about all of this. She's not a group. It's just happens. Happens to be on. Maybe that.
I'm over that you really ought to like a lot more than you do. I don't want to hear anything about the ending. I don't want any excuses. There's nothing negative about Magnology man.
Jason Robars is turning over in his brain.
You look like. That song is so morbid. So perfect for that movie. It's just. It's great. It is depressing. It's morbid and it's very long. So if you feel suicidal. If the hurricane's actually really depressed.
Oh, here's the best record of all time. That's a level on this computer here. Too bad. It's okay. No, it's not okay. I don't. I tell somebody about it, but you know how that goes. Yeah, they don't care. They hate us like poison. Too bad. The feeling is mutual. Okay.
Is this the radio network where Larry King used to work before he became a big. But sucking expert. You.
Somebody QA. I'm hello. Yes, sir. About Frank Marino. How can you rush? What is it? Frank Marino. My. How can you rush? And the guess who?
We got the guess who Frank Marino. My. How can you rush? I'm. What is that? A joke suggestion? Because I've never heard of any of. No. Somebody QA. I'm. Hello. Can I be on the pole?
Yeah, we'd like to stick your ass on a pole. I'll say that right now. Okay. In fact, we'd like to see the top of it. Come right up through your skull where your brain used to be. That'd be great.
WQM. Hello. Neil. How about the fantastic two? The what? The fantastic two. The look. Yeah. WQM. Hello. A meal. Yeah. A couple things for those who love a martial talker. I hear they're playing in homestead range and a hurricane this weekend. Yeah.
Also, my choice for the poll is the late night band when Bill Clinton was against saxophone. Very underrated. Yeah. There you go. Okay. I think they're out of material. I think they maybe Miguel looked out. They don't have any more names for the poll. I thought there'd be like thousands.
But people they wanted to put in the poll. Wouldn't you? I would have thought maybe with their more interest in showing us their. Pimpley asked and they are giving us anything. Which is fine. Okay. We only got. But we do have all the way to two o'clock today. Which is excellent. So we probably could look at a lot of ash in that hour.
Tell me Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm nothing to say. I just want to hear super crap again. Oh, man. Well, you know, his wishes. My command. I just love super tramp. Another great. See, see, and to me, I mean, there are a lot of these like REM and moody blues. They don't really belong on it. But we put a mind because like you people happy. You know.
But I mean super tramp. If you were to ask one of the tap 10 20. A goose. Who'd have a say super trap? Right?
Oh, they would be watching me. Oh, then they sent me away. Have you. Okay, it's enough. I like to play the whole soundtrack. In fact, why would you just play the audio from Magnolia for the rest of the week? I never got tired of that song. How could you get tired of that song? First of all, when do they play it? This magic play? What? I have no idea. I gave up on all come on. No, tell me you know, listen to tragic. One of the two points seven and our good.
A friend, a good captain friend, Ricky Tiki. Shaw. What would be the point? What would be the point is that you can hear a build me a buttercup by the foundations and the righteous brothers 40, 50 times every day. What's wrong with that? I got that. I like. Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon Marlos cellular wireless line singular. When I say singular wireless. Don't forget to enjoy Georgian. Bokeh Brian today. 5 to 7. The camera.
Let me go. We'll be there to him. I get a lecture on the side. 5 to 7. During happy hour, a treasure. I'm located right off the Palmetto just north of the 120 second street exit this week's feature will be Stephanie Evans.
Is she came to like day 11? They got a similar act. Yeah. I heard they kind of horse to run to get as well. I heard that said 5 this afternoon. They're both straight shooters. WQ and hello. Kind of like Peter North. Yes. Let's keep the super time coming. How about dreamer? Dreamer. Yeah. Okay. Put them in a vibe.
I'm going to place the sing along with that one. WQ and hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Yes. How about 10 years after? How about 10 years after?
I said the great idea of calling me in about 10 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 Verizon wireless singular wireless line WQ and hello.
How about Brutal? Yes. In the headless to always. WQ a.m. Hello. Who you con? WQ a.m. This is WQ a.m. Sir. Your computer radio station from the new millennium. What can we do for it?
We'll ask about. Underrated. What do you mean? The most underrated band. That's the. We're earth. Okay. There we go. We finally got around. Okay. But what do you mean? Well, I mean, what do you mean? What do you mean? Underrated.
What is a look at that? There's a what's your name? What's a bill? Hummer there on the beach right now? Get blown away? See, they just can't stop. They had that brought under the.
You see a new man again today just just I mean the whole that outfit. She was wearing a poncho. She's the Hanse with a poncho just getting torn to tatters as she's like hanging on for dear life. I'm telling you, the day's going to come. That one of these batches is going to get blown into the water. The golf the ocean somewhere. And it's going to be bye bye. Well, that's what it's.
It's going to be like a Ricky Tiki Sanchez. Oh, God. You think that when the Marlins one or celebrations and so forth, you ain't see nothing yet. And speak of sports. Don't forget. No hockey season. You can say goodbye. Kiss the Panthers. Goodbye. At least for a long, long time. So if Alan Cohen or any of those go in the organization and you'd lost as well, I can.
Why your money just don't forget about it. Right? And look at that. Just changed dramatically over the course of the last hour. So and we received a report not long ago that not here. We don't want to alarm anyone.
But about 200 miles offshore. They have registered one wave in excess of 34 feet. So you can imagine.
Would like to like Rick Sanchez to a long, category four storm would bring with it. You heard Bill mentioned moments ago, the 68 people who've perished in the Caribbean in the Grenada area and also in Jamaica. Grenada, by the way, they still have 90% of the homes that have been damaged as a result of this storm.
Why is he on there? What is the purpose? Well, I know he needs a job. But what is he doing on there? Is he going to be the CNN hysteria specialist? Is that it?
Hey, he's got to do something.
12 minutes after one at 560 and I'm sure that by now, Clarice is coming to give us an update on the two to 30 schedule.
Yeah. Oh, I mean, no. Stay tuned.
You're listening to Neil Roger exclusively on by 16.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful. Here's what people are saying about the Simu Slim Diet.
The stimulus slim ad showed a blurry before picture of his fat lady in a bulky sweater. And in the ad care picture, she's turned sideways and sucking in our stomach.
I thought it's got to be a scam. It is a scam. But unlike other scam diets, the Simu Slim Diet actually simulates the appearance of weight loss.
If I try the Simu Slim Diet, he looks at me. I look great as long as I turn sideways and sucking in my gut.
And the Simu Slim Diet is perfect for men too.
I look like I've lost 40 pounds on the Simu Slim Diet. I'm also turning low.
Don't go to the trouble of actually losing weight. Just look thin with Simu Slim.
117 at 560 WQAM. Martha ready to do time. You ready for that? She, huh? I'm ready for it. I wonder if she is.
Martha Stewart said that they shall start serving your five month prison sentence as soon as possible order to put her nightmare behind her behind.
The homemaking expert entrepreneur said the decision was hard but necessary one for her to get on with her life and her business.
And that she was anxious to get back to work as soon as she could. The best word to use for this very hard and difficult decision is finality.
And my intense desire to put this nightmare behind my behind both first man professionally Stewart 63 said.
And a news conference this morning at Martha Stewart living on the media headquarters in Manhattan. I must reclaim my good life and I must return to my good works.
What are those about that?
Dressed in khaki garb and a timed emotional Stewart called the prospect of going to prison and giving up her freedom frightening and difficult.
Othien seen nothing yet. Wait till them big mamas and they're going to hold of that bitch.
Stewart was sentenced in July to five months prison and five months of hospital. We know that.
Like Eric Idol says. She's an uppity rich bitch and stick arrest in there.
WQAM. Hello.
Yes sir. One for the poll. Two if I can do it. One.
Little feet. That's a little feet. Oh my god. I'm so sorry you said that.
I know you don't like them. Quick way to behind. Thanks. Oh little feet. Man.
The only thing I can't say worse than little feet is smelly feet. This whole thing with smelly people. I just I don't know why that is.
Now they say that as you get older certain senses get weaker and other ones get stronger. Maybe I should my sense of what they say smell.
Huh? Is that what the old people are always complaining about things they smell about their toe jam but they smell bad.
Like and you notice that the ones like that we're a bag they don't seem to be able to smell it.
Right and you were trying you were trying to give me this on dance about how people don't can't smell their own bad or older.
I just I just I don't understand it. Trust me. Why? How? Because that's how smelly. If someone smeared two pounds of elephant crap all over you you'd smell it after a certain point you would not.
So in other words if you just walked around and didn't wash it off right there a few days it would be just like a party.
Well man there must be an awful lot of people running around with elephant crap from your time because god yeah don't think they smell like crap.
I just I've always said if you can't look good and a lot of us never will I never did. At least smell good right you know that makes it a little more pleasant to be around you know.
Other than people like the crow are going to complain see he wants me to smell good I put it right for you but not too good okay in other words find a happy medium okay quite a picky day and you give it some instruction.
I'm not smelling decent but not too good not like the lilacs not like you not like you took a bath and cashmere bouquet and about 400 pounds of it.
God wash it off WQ and hello.
You know God yes sir.
One group and then one idea for the poll.
Yeah how about the bg's.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And do Americans state that we could get by without illegal Mexican help.
Yeah there you go good question excellent do we think we can get by without illegal Mexican help.
Let's ask some of the beaters what they think.
560.560.
This is great because it shows that after this hurricane thing we a lot of people there who kind of like out of touch and no electric and kind of like laws trying to put their lives together the business back together.
But this is a good sign because every 2D fruity every not job and the audiences out there now that's good to hear right.
Don't you feel better about life.
Oh yeah every day you bet WQAM hello.
Not there WQAM hola.
Oh yeah hello hello yes sir.
I think the meal please speaking.
Oh Neil thank God a beaters calling you.
Can you give me all the ass licks and I love you Neil.
Tell me to QAM hello.
How about the group not gonna not gonna.
WQAM hello.
Hey Neil how about how about the front hole surfer can you put them on your phone.
Okay WQAM hello.
I think it was serious.
Good morning Neil how you doing.
Yes sir. Good.
Fan for your poll.
Frank Zappa and the mother's own invention.
Hey that's good.
Is a matter of fact I'm so impressed that he said that and now let's see.
Did I try to play this before I think I was able to play it.
I had to like.
I'm gonna get it.
Hey there people I'm Bob.
Look at it.
How proud.
This is how I'm the Q is boy and sound.
My car is fast.
My teeth and shiny.
I tell all the girls they can kiss my honey.
Here I am at a famous school.
I'm resin sharp and I'm acting cool.
I got a cheerleader here once they help with my face.
I better do all the work and maybe later I'll make the roll.
God I am the American prince.
I do not think out too explain all my hands on some of the bits.
That's a good morning.
I'm getting a good job and be real rich.
Now I'm thinking I'm stopping it right there because I'm not so sure there's anything in here that we do dump out.
I bleeped it.
It's already pre bleeped.
I think it's clean.
Are you sure?
No, let's give it a try.
Yeah.
Women's liberation.
Game dreaming all across the nation.
There it goes.
I tell you things all I was not ready around my company.
This night by the name of the president.
She made a little speech then.
All she tried to make you say when.
This part of the book.
I'm not a ballman.
I spent you there.
I guess it's still a dog.
But now it's you.
Okay.
When I think closure.
Oh yeah.
I had one duck but I used mine.
I don't know about anybody else but it was all right.
It's a love song.
Yeah, you did one however good job on bleeping that one up nice.
Excellent.
Man, in fact, I think you did such a good job that you have
been sitting right on Duff's lap and I several eight months in there.
And the morning when stern is on.
Just make sure we get everything out.
Wow.
WQAM.
Hello QAM.
Yes, sir.
I get a group for you there.
Yeah.
They're out of California to call love.
Well, no VE.
Nobody knows.
They're all over me.
But they've been pretty boring to me.
Okay.
You love love?
No. Never heard of love.
Okay.
We need to leave it on.
Somebody QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
NRBQ.
NRBQ. They're already on there.
Thank you.
Already on there, ain't they?
Yes.
I should probably give it a results on the pullboard.
It's going to be yakening up here about poor Frank Zappa who's still dead.
What is the most underrated rock group of all time?
I'm sure it's all never doing this again anytime soon.
I thought it was going to be great, but 467 votes.
Sublime 50.
Holley's 45.
The Kings 43. We got a nice race going on here.
And also still within shooting distance.
Thiele Dan. And of course, if anybody deserves to be shot.
Well, maybe they'll run out of gas.
Yeah, they just shoot the gas tank and then they will run out of gas.
You're right.
Jethro Tal has got to look what he's got.
3rd man.
Rush 29. The Dooby Brothers 26.
Radiohead 25.
But we got a lot of names on this list.
No way. The animals 20.
And again, they don't really belong on it list, but that's all right.
Cream 15.
King Crimson 12. Sweet. Sweet.
11.
How's he doing, by the way, Frills?
He's still alive.
First I know.
Cockin' Ed's 9. The pitch off boys 8.
Crowded House 8.
Grand Funk Railroad 7.
Marshall Tucker band 7. Berlin 7. Supergrass 7.
Guess who's 6?
They ought to have a lot more votes in it.
I know we put them on late, but they should have a lot.
And they also don't belong in this pool.
Do you think?
Who cares anymore?
Oh, we don't care.
XTC 6. Joy Division 6.
Merillion. Merillion. Whatever that is. 5.
XTC 5. There were Moans 4, 4 and 4.
The Turtles 4. Bandroin and Omen's got 4.
How do you like that, huh?
Here.
Veer.
Who's could do has got 4.
I think I'm trying to get in the hang of that.
They've parked 5, 3.
Traveling Wilburys 3.
Daddy Warhol's has got 3.
Daddy Warbox ain't got one yet.
The Smiths have got a pair.
The Islay Brothers 2.
Oh, I got one for you.
The Thompson Twins.
Okay.
You don't like them?
I mean, I did and then, you know, they destroyed it.
I mean, they're only around for like 5 minutes, but they're pretty good.
I like them.
I think Brothers 2.
Counting Crows 2.
Bread has got a pair.
NRBQ's got 2.
That he just called it.
Crazy horse 2.
Frankie Lavin and the Teenagers got a pair.
And he's still really dead.
The spinners have got only 1.
And we just put up mothers of invention, very earth and the zombies don't have it.
The zombies we put up quite a while ago.
They have the big nothing so far.
She's not there though.
No, that anymore.
Boy, did they play that on Zeta?
Oh, that PD Bulger, man.
Thank goodness that nobody put CCR.
Oh, thank God for that.
And how can we don't have little feet on there yet, man?
Because we weren't good.
Why not?
Just because I hate them like poison and PD Bulger played that little...
Yeah, little feet up the ass in Zeta.
Rip that guy for suggesting it?
Yeah.
But nonetheless, there are people they were popular.
They sold a couple of records here and there.
Don't ask me how.
Hey, speaking of little feet.
When you shop for quality food, where great selection and professional service, what a segue, man.
It just astonishes me the kind of crap we fall into.
You know what?
The only problem is when we come out, we smell unlike Reg Reed.
There's only one place to get your feet taken care of.
And that's Brandy Shoes and Pompato Beats.
The biggest selection of men and women chooses to wait and for you.
The best service is always.
And the best prices in town that are always unbeatable.
And Brandy's you find the top names in the shoe business.
They got them all. They got Rock Ports, Floreshime, SAS Spirit, Timberland Naturalizer, and Louts More.
And I guarantee you, I'll bet Greg's and Duff's and Clarence's lives all on it.
That whatever you're looking for, whatever style is in stock right now on a shelf, ready to slap on your smelly feet.
Brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday 9 to 9.
Sundays 10 to 5 and you'll find them at 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Pompato Beats.
It's always worth the trip no matter where you are.
And all this week at Brandy's again, it's a great time to buy SAS because all great men and women styles continue to be 25% off.
So be sure this week to get into the store or check them on the web at Brandy's Shoes.com.
Sneak to Neil Roger Fates, gloomfily on 516-2-0-0-0-0.
Push, PAP, THE MOU!
That's the candy. Not only did I approve this, but I strongly advise you pay close attention.
If you know what's good for you.
How are you going?
This was Johnny two times.
They call me Johnny two times because I say everything two times.
Two times.
I was employed by certain parties, certain parties, to perform a service for my company.
So I can't say whole because I'm a soldier.
You got to think of the boat on the red computer machines.
You think of the same?
We get your prints.
So we know who you are.
That's right. We know.
So we find out who voted but I dreamt of Johnny Kerry.
He will be visited by one of our associates who will proceed to shovel power down your throat and chuck off your legs with a shovel.
A shovel.
So if you don't want to get a hoi, vote for Bush.
And if you don't believe me, read the paper.
Read the paper.
Well, let me tell you something, my crud, Mick Fran.
You know, I'm thinking because that music is from the movie obviously.
And I'm trying to think of where in the movie that music is from.
It's driving me nuts.
That little interlude there?
Yeah.
Didn't they use it more than once?
I don't know.
But I mean, I'm trying to think of even one would be good, would pacify me for the moment.
I don't know.
I know.
What is it?
And Godfather too, when they're doing the, hey, I got a free carpet for you.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
When Clemensa takes it in there to the house where the people are away and break into the house.
And they hold up that gigantic carpet and bring in the carpet out there.
Absolutely. Very good. That was outstanding.
Almost as good as, do you know who I am?
I'm Mo Greene.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Bad news for some of the people with their shutters.
Maybe it's not such a good idea to put up shutters.
I don't know if you heard this story about the priest in the Forlardale.
No.
Catholic priest was killed in a house fire at Tuesday night last night after efforts to rescue him were hampered by hurricane shutters covering the windows.
Boy, that's tragic somehow.
The Reverend Jorge Sardinus 53 apparently tried to fight the blaze with a gardener hose before he was overcome by heat and flames.
FAAAMING! said Forlardale police sergeant Alfred Lures Jr.
No relation to Don Irvine Jr.
Neighbors called to report the fire on the 3200 block of southwest 20th court at 10.30 in the PM.
When firefighters arrived, they found heavy smoke and flames coming from the house.
They had trouble getting into the house because hurricane shutters still powered most of the windows and in the sun center.
They got the pictures here.
It really hindered our efforts again in the house.
FAAAMING!
If there's a lesson to be learned, take your shutters down after a storm in case of a fire.
Wait a minute, weren't they telling us to leave our shutters up until like just five minutes ago because of Ivan?
They did.
We've only had the all clear one Ivan for about just a few minutes.
FAAAMING!
FAAAMING!
Right?
Sardinus was an art professor at St. Thomas University in Miami and a priest at our Lady of the Lakes Catholic Church in Miami Lakes.
The priest, Louis said, he was found unconscious on the floor near a bedroom and paramedics administered CPR before taking the Broward General.
His dog was found dead inside the house.
Damn!
So you got a Catholic priest and a dog.
Now if I had my brother, I'm sorry.
That was bad, wouldn't it?
Pennington said Sardinus took down only a few shutters after recent storms to allow light into the house.
Louis said for a lot of day a fire arson investigators and police homicide detectives were investigating the place but they had no reason to suspect foul play.
Pretty upset about that dog, I'll tell you that right now.
And speaking of upset, this bitch, well of course I shouldn't be talking about such stuff on a reverse or show not the Jewish New Year.
Oi!
But I will anyway.
Your favorite.
Oh, are you a speed wagon?
I can't stand them but that's a good one for the bowl.
Put it on there.
Ario cheese wagon.
Yeah.
Almost as outstanding as the Durand Durand but not quite.
Ario speed wagon.
We'll put it on there to make you feel better about your life.
We'll can't about your taste such as it is.
Fresh from her acclaimed reinvention tour, pop idol Madonna embarks today on a spiritual pilgrimage to Israel to practice her newfound faith in the mystical Jewish cabala.
Cabala?
Cabala.
Cabala.
So I was trying to say it wrong and now I'm so confused about it.
I can't figure out which one is wrong.
I really don't give a crap.
It's all a bunch of crap is what it is.
Okay.
Kushmer and Tukhles as they say in China.
Orthodox Jews are afraid of the growing popularity of the movement among non-Jews.
There's nothing more than a trend that to me.
Call up Joyce and four Myers and Naples wherever she is over there.
And ask her if I can say, Kushmer and Tukhles, alright?
That goes your cup with Elisino about it.
Third, a call up by Dr. Judy Dean, show explain to her.
I gotta play that.
Orthodox Jews afraid the growing popularity of the movement among non-Jews is nothing more than a trend that
demeans their religious beliefs.
There is nothing that could demean the beliefs of Orthodox Jews.
Trust me when I tell you or any of the other devout of any religion sect,
unabobble miceys, fairy tales, bullcrap.
Madonna who recently adopted the Hebrew name Esther, oh my god, did you know that?
Yes I did.
Her name is Esther and she's going back to school for a semester.
She's very humble.
And then at the end of the term we can test her.
You test her.
And then she'll come to your house and test her until you can't stand it no more.
She adopted the Hebrew name Esther, whereas a trademark,
Kabul are red string on her wrist.
What is that supposed to do?
To remind you of what?
That you're Jewish?
Yeah, that you think you are.
Has said she's serious about her belief in Jewish mysticism,
irritated by accusations that are afraid there's nothing more than a celebrity fan.
Oh, she certainly wouldn't do nothing like that, not that bitch.
No, talk about smelly.
Yet for many of her fellow followers of Kabul or at least those congregating around Judaism's Western wall,
the libous test will be just how much fabric the material girl wears over her arm shoulders and legs.
She should rest modestly instead of showing off her body coming in one woman,
selling books about the Kabul and near the Western wall in Jerusalem,
one of Judaism's holiest sites.
I can't believe they even let women near that.
Don't the Orthodox Jews throw rocks at the women that go to the wailing wall?
Yes they do.
Let's hope they throw them at her.
All for Orthodox Jews frowned upon women wearing pants,
let alone the raunchy anatomically exaggerated boosties and fishnet stockings,
synonymous with a Madonna concert.
They took one look at that and they would go,
fat Madonna whose itinerary was kept under wraps for security reasons
was expected to celebrate the Jewish New Year, Russia,
Shanaid, a luxury hotel in Tel Aviv,
with about 2,000 fellow Kabulists from the LA-based Kabulist center.
Oh, what?
Where did this come from?
You know what this reminds me of?
It's that, it's that time.
My whole life, my whole life, I went, you know,
mind and my whole business rolled in long singing the song.
All of a sudden they became this thing born again Christian.
I never heard of such a thing.
And all of a sudden my whole life as a dietary Jew only,
and a rule in long having gone through that phony baloney business
with the bar mitzvah and all that nonsense.
And now it's this Kabbalah, where did this come from?
Cheers.
Pops star Brittany Spears and other bubblehead,
who exchanged an intimate kiss with Madan, an MTV award show.
Maybe that's where they got the exchange.
Or maybe it rubbed off on her.
Huh?
Oh, I got a line.
I know you doing back in the day,
probably would have tried to get away with it.
Not now you want to.
Let me tell you right now.
You didn't pass the mustard test.
Brittany Spears and Hollywood actress Demy Moore
also are followers of Kabul, although neither will be joining Madan in Israel.
I wonder about Ashden Kuchikuchi or Kuchur,
since he's doing Demy Moore allegedly.
He really irritates the economy.
There's just some of these people.
I don't know what it is.
He bugs me.
Good.
He bugged.
Nah, I'm just Tony.
He just gets on my nerves.
And what's the, and that show, that 70 show?
Have you ever tried to watch that show?
Yeah, there's a girl I like on there, but it's not a funny show.
Well, I guess I could have liked him two of years ago,
or he's starting to get really bizarre looking like this spaceship has just landed.
But that show is just every character runner is,
I'm not going to say a little over the top, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like that simple and queen, that the beener queen or whatever that thing is supposed to be on there.
See, one good thing about TV that I really appreciate is that they don't,
they don't bring on these exaggerated stereotypes.
You know what I'm talking about?
In Judaism, Kabbalah means, and I say it right?
Yes.
Kabbalah means literally, I don't know how you say it,
and frankly, I couldn't care less.
What has been handed down?
Oh, writings dating to the middle ages and oral teachings.
Can we say oral?
No.
Oral teachings which are held by the faithful to describe the two nature of God
and man to reveal the secrets of creation.
In other words, buglemicies which literally translated means old wives' tales,
word of mouth, fables, even ase up to be embarrassed.
Madonna's Kabbalah's congregation which is described to a new age brand of mystical Judaism
were to pray and meditate over the holiday observed the Umkipper fasting next week.
Are you going to be observing Umkipper?
I'm not.
I'm going to be eating like a pig on that day.
I'm going to be like, picking up cheeseburgers, bacon, pork chops.
That's how I'll be observing it.
And by the way.
I'm going to be eating so much truff next week.
I'm going to rot and hell an extra 100,000 years.
How do you like that?
I'm going to like it a lot.
Now you can't have two sets of dishes.
And by the way, tell Gary Sarner for me, Castle Hoist, when you see him.
Okay.
Yeah.
Give him a big, bright smile.
20 till 2 at 5, 60 WQM.
This is one of those times on many of you might need help fast.
Thankfully, Donald Macris delivers the same day all across South Florida.
That's right.
Same day you call him.
When you call 1-800-Matris, you'll choose from the deepest and wider selection of bedding.
All available for same day delivery.
Call 1-800-Matris right now and get you factory direct prices and immediate delivery.
And as always, you still get to pick the date and two-hour window for your schedule to fit when you're going to be there.
And Donald Macris is on time, 99.7% of the time.
Donald Macris has ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
These folks are winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourists of Excellence Award.
They give you an unbeatable deal all the way around, including the top names in the business.
They got C. Lee, CERDA King Coral, Simmons, Temporpete, even, Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
Everybody with a brain is calling them and you ought to be doing the same.
If you have a need today for a new bedding, go put it off a minute longer.
Log on to their website, mattress.com, or make that easy toll-free call.
Just sit near on your fat lazy ass.
Call 1-800-MACRIS 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' exclusive story.
It's May 8th.
8 AM.
Come in, pump, pump, pump.
Oh, I don't know what it is about.
Now, why are there little voices or big noses?
Goofy, hearts, tiny little meckles?
I don't know. They just rub me the wrong way.
And I shall let his alimpsen every speech.
He'll love, he gives it in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
Stewing hatred through the halls, bustin' people's lots of ults.
It's in the news.
Oh, Hillary hates Jews.
You won't catch your life in a menorah.
No.
God, she must have a wonderful aura.
One she speaks, I wanna cry.
Could use a good rap I get in the news.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Hillary hates Jews.
I guess the mad dog is gonna be on.
Can you take a look in there and see his inability?
He's in there. He's in there, we just gotta report.
You've gotta be kidding me.
I wouldn't.
I am amazed and just shocked.
Aren't you?
He must be in there for other reasons.
Maybe he's a recording stuff or, um, huh?
I don't know.
Maybe he's in there.
It is not payday.
It's not even close to payday.
Oh, just throw guesses out.
Man.
How the mighty have fallen.
I cannot believe that.
Big name will beloved from coast to coast, from pillar to post.
Superstar.
Probably the number one ex-jock broadcaster in the country today.
Now that Pat Semeral is like fading into oblivion,
when you think who else would be?
What about the minister of Goosa?
Yeah, all right.
Or that obnoxious Tim McCarver that won't shut up.
No, I think, uh, Mad Dog's right up there.
And anyway, he is there today.
It's like a bonus.
Oh, right.
For the audience.
30 minutes of the Mad Dog.
Well, I guess he's probably doing it just so we can say to me,
see, I'm only on for half an hour, big shot.
And I'm still getting paid.
Yeah, good point.
Five women whose husbands died in a 9-11-2,000-1 attacks
on the World Trade Center through their support behind John Kerry yesterday.
Oh!
Same Democratic presidential challenger would keep America safer
by refocusing US efforts to defeat Al Qaeda.
The Quintet who were joined by a survivor of the attack on the Pentagon said they've been re-buffed
by President George W. Bush in every attempt at a proper investigation
in their husband's death and said it's solid the memory of their loved ones
to have the war in Iraq linked to the attacks.
After watching the Republican convention in New York,
I'm scared said Kristen Brightweiser of middle to New Jersey,
who husband, who's husband Ron died more than three years ago.
I'm scared that my daughter, who's five years old,
is being handed a tomorrow that'll be a war for a lifetime.
My husband was killed in 9-11.
I know one who's my daughter, 18 years from now,
when she's living or working in a big city
and it's payback for our actions in Iraq.
I'm scared about what could happen over the next four years.
Security and remembrances of 9-11 were centrally Republican convention held in Mirace.
Six kilometers, what is that?
Like three and a half miles from New York's ground zero,
and Homeland Security has become the cornerstone of Bush's V-Election bid.
Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani,
the York governor, George Patekin, a litany of other speakers to the Republican delegates
that Americans could remain safe under a second Bush term,
while Kerry would offer a mushy response to terrorists
that would make the country more vulnerable.
But the woman who came forward yesterday said they had a fight
to convince the Bush administration to agree to the 9-11 commission,
then thought to convince him to properly finance it,
then had a fight and to give it enough time to do its work.
They say the war in Iraq has become a recruitment tool for terrorists
that are on striking the U.S. again,
and his loud Osama bin Laden and his followers to regroup.
We spent 14 months begging for a commission to be established.
Listen, we found it was President Bush who thwarted our efforts at every turn
said Patek Kassaza of Kulsonek, New York, New Jersey.
Laurie Van Akenami's Brunswick New Jersey said the Bush administration took its eye off the ball
by invading Iraq before its work was done in Afghanistan
and al-Qaeda training campster is still operating.
And you'll listen to this and you'll read all of this,
and you'll read all of these bedtime stories,
and you'll open up your book or newspaper or anything.
You'll go on our website and you'll ask yourself,
how is it possible that the Democratic Party could be so inept?
How is it possible that John Kerry couldn't be 15, 20, 30, 40 points ahead?
Whatever. Am I right? Yeah.
And you have to have a way.
You have to end it to them. They may not be good,
but at least they're consistent.
And guess what books are coming out today speaking of that?
What's that?
The family by Kitty Kelly.
I think that's really interesting that the name of her book,
unveiling all the truth about this disgusting family
going back all the way to George Herbert Walker, Bush,
Gold Grandpa, who never met a Nazi in light.
The family. Don't you see something there?
I don't get how many day go, give me a walk,
grease ball, gumbas come out of the woodware.
Yeah.
That comes out today and also the other one,
and see more Hersh Bookers out today also.
So I'm going to go out and get those immediately leave not sooner.
And maybe even once in a while,
since we occasionally wrap in some of these bedtime stories
when Miguel's not there because he doesn't like it,
we read a few excerpts from that.
Good.
Kitty Kelly's the family.
And of course that Sharon Bush, the former daughter-in-law,
man, she's trying to cover her ass big time.
And they tried to make Kitty Kelly look really a moronic
in the audience like they always do on CNN this morning,
try to put her in her corner, which you wouldn't have any part of.
And she said, well Sharon Bush is trying to like her,
we can't what she said because she's scared.
And who is that bimbo on CNN with her bimbo?
I was in search of generic bimbo number.
Yeah, generic bimbo.
And oh, we're scared of what?
Scared of what?
Oh my god.
So there you go.
It's in the bookstores today,
the family by Kitty Kelly,
the real story about these grave robbers.
And of course they got some real serious plans,
some devious plans for the next, let's see,
for eight, sixteen, for the next hundred years.
Like I said yesterday, they got fat ass governor Jeff Bush.
They want him to have eight years after this bozo finishes,
if the world is still on one piece.
And then they got George P.
Once he quits driving around in circles
and his girlfriends in the parking lot.
Ten minutes before.
And like you said, maybe no well.
Once she gets out of rehab,
hey, if it was good enough for W,
it's got to be good enough for her, right?
Sure.
It kind of runs in the family.
Maybe they have a nose problem.
Yeah, there are nose runs in the family.
That might be it.
If you're on the Akin South Beach,
Sugar Busters or any low carb sugar free diet,
we want you to head forward the lights of West Bokeh
because you're going to love this store.
It's all for you.
For years, the lights has helped thousands of low carb divers
achieve their weight loss goals.
And now, the lights of West Bokeh
are going to be celebrating their 14th anniversary
with special discounts of up to 50% off on low carb products
like carbolite, purity light,
carb sense, and lots more.
And as the anniversary is super special,
you can save half off at 50% all the rack and food brands,
brand foods and supplements too.
Don't forget the great selection you'll find at the lights
of low carb bakery items like cheesecakes,
breads, rolls, brownies, and all kinds of other great stuff.
And don't forget, you can try anything in the store.
Just taste a little sample before you buy it.
They have an knowledgeable staff that knows low carb dieting
inside and out in their open daily till 10.
Don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all
atkins, carbolite, and purity light products too.
Do you like the West Bokeh?
Well, positively, absolutely not.
Be understood.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades
in 441 right next to Boston Market,
or, by the way, how many sides do you get with your
main order at Boston Market?
Or column toll free at 1-877-LowCarb
or on the web, lowcarb.com-L-O-W-C-A-R-B.
That's the light to West Bokeh.
They want and only your official Atkins retail center.
Now it's turn show.
We are Rogers' mornings in midday.
And, we're gonna run a clock through fights.
She way out.
This has been The All Rogers Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Michael Jackson has asked the judge in his trial
for permission to speak out about his alleged mistreatment
at the hands of the set of Arbore Police Department.
It was awkward.
They pre-opted me for my worm-cozy California king bed
while I was watching re-wrugs of mighty orphaned power rangers.
They starved my mansion like I was the dumb was saying.
They were calling me horrible names like,
hey you, and stop running, and sit right there.
I tried to defend myself by saying,
I am rubber and you are goo.
And whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you,
but it did not stop them.
They spilled my mail all over my furry white bunny slippers
and smashed my bubble-making machine to smithereens.
I tried to keep them out of my secret room
by throwing pixie stick dust in their eyes.
But they kept coming.
It was a nightmare.
Why are the police allowed to treat people this way?
I am an upstanding citizen who wants only to have his privacy
and an occasional sleepover theme party.
Who should say my guest didn't want to play the popular party game?
What's in my pocket?
That is my business and the business of the family's defense attorney,
not the police.
I have bruises on my new nose and red marks on my butt-tops,
though that's not from the police.
They shackled my wrist and shoved the bashi ball into my mouth and said,
who's bad?
Actually, maybe that was a dream I had last night.
Never mind.
So please, please, people, you need not be roughy and for the same nasty things to me.
Sticks and stones may break my elephant man bones,
but names they also hurt me.
Okay, we got the man dogs, Danny.
Might help me along for a really pressure packed half hour between two and two and 30
to Marlon's on deck at two, three and then we got the level header at PP Park,
exposing town, and of course both of those games forget about.
No problem, right?
Yeah, no problem.
Marlon's sweet. That's what George predicts.
Anyway, here's the result in the poll so far.
We got 538 votes, most unirated rock group of all time.
We apologize for some of the ones on here that really are much too popular to be on here,
but nevertheless, sublime 50, Holley's 46, the Kings 44,
Steely Dan 42, and believe me, if you heard their music, you'd be out of gas too.
Rush 38, Jethro tall 31, Dubibrothers 29, radio hit 25, the animals 23.
Cream 19, King Crimson 12, sweet 12, sweet.
Talking heads 11, the pet shop boys 10, Smith's 9, 4 and 9, Crowded House,
and we left Hanson off of here.
It does the joke, but before he puts it on there, it's just a little joke.
4 and 9, Crowded House 9, Super Bass 9, guess who ate only 8?
Grand Funk Railroad 8, Marshall Tucker Band 8, Berlin 7, Duet Division 7,
Ramones 6, FTC 6, Counting Crosby having 5.
Meridian 5, TTC 5, D-Clark 5, 4, Counting Wilburys 4, Turtles 4,
Band on a No-Mins got 4, how do you like that?
Who's renew is got 4 and the other ones believe me.
Tiny teeny tiny potato.
Bye bye bye!
I was going to show you Roger's Man's Swords on Round the Cross.
You can't believe it!
My Emmy's fourth blood in it.
I'm on my count.
I'm on my count.
I'm on my count.
I'm on my count.
I'm on my count.
I'm on my count.
