Third, the leader of the Earth.
Oh, what's the problem, Officer?
The floor is from the vehicle.
It's from the vehicle.
If you're God-drying without a seatbelt,
you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authorities who enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new laws in effect now, so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this.
They are only following orders.
It's for your own protection and the never-ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorists act such as mouth noise,
purpose, and fighting.
But be annoying to others.
So under Patriot Act 2,
eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
It's not the best-edited ministry mankind that it'll do with the work for us, huh?
Yeah.
You're probably sitting there wondering,
boy, he had bleeped that farting sound out or not.
Yeah.
That's why I've played it.
I want to show off my great job that we're able to weaken.
We're schizzles.
Yeah.
Anyway, plus I like that anyway, a lot that bit.
But now you didn't tell him off about that dinner.
I missed that.
I got that was all messed up and screwed up.
No, I thought.
I forgot.
I figured you wouldn't.
No, I, well, we had all this other.
See, deaf human realizes this is not only the operations manager,
but he's also the part-time sales manager because Scrooan don't do it.
He doesn't do it either.
Yeah.
He don't do it.
Not that anyway.
She's busy managing other things.
But in any rate, so that's part of his other job.
And every day when he comes in,
I have to jump all over his ass,
which is another story about all these sales problems.
What is piece of copy?
Yeah, it's just garbage that we got a bunch of slackers back there that we don't want to do any work.
It's just an ongoing thing.
Never going to change.
And there's really not much point talking about it,
except that I enjoy doing it, just to give them a real stilch-worsome reserve collectively.
I think they all brought tie-drecked diseases,
what I'm thinking.
Well, when they're as close as they are over there.
They're all sitting in a little pubic-close back there.
Anyway, George probably took,
I don't think I can come closer to that pole that George took yesterday.
Maybe the definitive pole.
Eric came up with that one, and I laud him loudly.
Did he really?
Eric came up with that.
That's right.
But once Eric got to be turning the reins of control over to Josh,
as a matter of fact, now that you mentioned that,
when is he going to finally cut loose through this insanity,
this obsessive behavior of his,
where he refuses to just turn over a lot of that work to a Josh who's just aching and dying,
not so much to do with the work, but to make a few bucks off it.
Oh, he is aching and dying.
Right.
What is that going to happen?
Anytime soon?
Oh, no.
I avoid because I don't want to call Eric and I,
because it's the first of June, and I made a resolution just about 30 seconds ago,
that once June first comes for the rest of the year,
and Eric and I don't have any verbal communication.
It just is better all the way around, you know what I'm saying?
Hmm?
Sorry, I'm really angry.
It just makes for a happier existence.
It's June number one, folks.
Oh, right.
Boy.
I can smell it in the air.
In fact, that schedule we had the last week with the ball games
is pretty good tomorrow.
We got a nice schedule too.
We got a good scan going, which we like a lot.
We got Marlon's pre-game at 12.30 tomorrow and in the game,
I want to clap the reds into Marlon's again, 105.
What is it by 8?
8-game series or what?
Seems like they've been playing the reds forever, but at any rate.
And that's saying, then we got the trends coming at 11.30 tomorrow morning,
the Arbitran.
Oh, that's a big radio news today, by the way,
before we do much of anything else.
Although here's the result of your Eric's pool yesterday.
This is almost as good, but not quite as paper or plastic,
which is a little spastic.
Yeah, we considered that.
In addition, now, are you talking about regular potato salad
or like German potato salad, which is a horse of a different color?
Well, tell us about German potato salad.
Maybe I don't know about it.
It's white.
Okay.
In fact, if your potato salad isn't white, it's probably like rancid.
No, I don't know.
This is because there's some murderers and pickles.
What?
Mustard and diced pickles.
Or yellow pickles?
Oh, the pickles are green, but they, you know, it's not going to turn green.
No.
It's the mustard, mostly.
The potato salad still should be a white.
Otherwise, it's probably got a lot of botulism and cramping,
and I would throw it out.
Either that or get ready for a quick trip to the emergency room.
What the commerce of potato salad be?
Here's the definitive poll all these years.
Oh!
And leave it to Eric to come up with that.
White, 406, yellow, 330, 736 votes,
even on the Indian out of question like that.
That goes to sure our crowd, huh?
Such as they are.
Well, before we get to the thing about milk,
karmizin, how it's stirring, all of that latest excitement.
Yeah.
Other excitement.
Carbom exploded today in central bank that outside the office is the
payfiat if you need a Kurdistan, which is located just outside the green zone headquarters of the US-run coalition.
At least two people were killed, 20 were injured, meanwhile.
As a matter of fact, the bomb was just one of several blasts heard in the capital.
Just after we port circulated, if Ghazi, Mashal, Agil, Al Yawar,
I always liked those guys with four names, one of them hyphenated.
Ghazi, Mashal, Agil, Al Yawar, current head of the Iraqi government council,
and been selected as president of the interim government set to take power on June 30th.
Not good, man.
Another blast followed by Gunfire,
a mushroom cloud, 100 feet building into the dusty air hanging over the city.
See, back when Bushmeister was talking about that mushroom cloud,
we didn't realize he was talking about over Baghdad.
Coalition aircraft were being heard flying over Baghdad.
Elsewhere, a car bomb exploded near the US military base in northern Iraq today.
11 Iraqis were killed, 26 were wounded in the explosion.
It's emancipation by decapitation is what it is.
No, they're growing pay.
Thousands and thousands and thousands of dinner raki so that we can democratize the wreck
and make them free for the rest of the world, all this other crap.
It's really sad, and the world sits back and we wouldn't like that.
Trying to do no matter what they tell these people, like Abu Gharram.
Mel Carm is an outed viacom.
Or I also want to mention it right now speaking to radio news.
Al-Frakin is working for free.
That's how well Air America is doing.
They did good, they did numbers, but like I told you before the show today,
we don't need Air America in New York City.
John Kerry and the Liberals don't need any help in New York City
or in winning New York State in this year's election.
They'll be in New York State by a landslide, just like Gord did.
That's not a problem.
If you're going to counteract Russia and Bah and Bill O'Reilly,
and all the other right-wing massies on the Air in America,
Sean Hannity, all of these clowns,
then the way you have to do it is be like syndicated national.
You're all over the country.
Not just in markets where like, you know, Kerry's all we...
What's the point? What is that accomplished?
Even if they were still on the Air Chicago and L.A.
Does John Kerry need help in Chicago or L.A.?
No.
Do you know what I'm saying?
What is that?
Assuming that the whole concept was made sense,
which it didn't in the first place, it's just so Al Franken's
going to be working for free.
It's better that in passion, facts I got last week about,
always shows getting better every day while he's working for free
so that they can keep the thing on a year.
Now we just hope that the goddess...
Waaah!
That she don't have to work for free, because I don't think that's in her game plan.
Huh?
I don't think it once you took that gig she had the idea that,
well, we just won't get paid, but we'll save the world for more bush stuff like that.
I don't think that was part of the deal.
It's a labor of love.
Anyway, there you go, just like Eric, it's a labor of love and neurosis.
They don't come much more neurotic than Eric.
I've seen that right now.
And I'm not going to...
Don't come here, please.
Because it's June 1st.
I just drew the line in the sand on my calendar.
You're doing a fine job.
That's a great pull question if...
Yes, good George.
Yeah, I loved it.
Yeah, I bet.
White or yellow?
Mel Carm is in resigned.
I'm expectively today is President and CEO of Viacom Corp.
The company also announced that Chairman and CEO,
Oh!
Sumner Redstone, the company's largest shareholder,
has indicated that he'll relinquish his role as CEO in three years.
The media conglomerate named Leslie Moonveth,
Chairman and CEO of Viacom Units CBS, and Tom Freston,
the Chairman and CEO of Viacom's MTV cable networks,
is co-present in Co-Chief operating offices.
Yadda, yadda, yadda, you see.
Oh!
Oh!
Carm is in his repeatedly reportedly class
with Redstone in recent years,
his contentious contract negotiations
got played out in media reports a year ago.
At that time,
Carm is in got a contract.
This is kind of like the Florida Panthers.
Extend everybody's contract and then fire them.
And then have to keep paying them off of her forever and ever,
although this time, Carm is in quit.
He got a contract extension through 2006,
but it reportedly also took back some powers granted to him
at the time of Viacom purchase of CBS and May of 2000.
It goes on and on and on.
Redstone 80 has got 71% of icons,
past 8 shares now.
Why that means anything to anybody?
You've croissants out Florida,
hard-sturning on the year no more.
Thanks to Clear Channel.
By the way, Glenn Garvin,
if they heard you're a real bull, okay?
Finally, last week, he wrote a column,
which I had missed until I saw a rebuttal
and led us to the editor in the here this morning.
What an idiot you are.
Oh, well, Clear Channel is never anopoly.
They only own 1200 out of 10,000 radio stations.
That's not a monopoly out.
Right.
Ended billboards and all the venues for concerts,
all of these things, you know?
No, they don't have no monopoly on music.
In addition to which it's got,
the entire numberism was really as relevant.
It's how many they control in major markets.
That's what's a scary.
Like in South Florida,
that if Glenn knew anything about radio in South Florida,
he'd be writing about that instead of a bunch of crap.
About some frontline that documented around PBS.
And the rich-aid's in transit, it really is.
Glenn Garvin, another in a long list of losers at the Harold.
Howard Stern gives sure a redstone thumbs down.
According to the New York Post,
Howard Stern told his listeners last Thursday
that Sherry's going to run the company Not Mill.
Seven of them, he knew something.
He then added that Viacom President C.
Oh, oh!
Mel Carmison would leave the company
which he did this morning because of Sumner Redstone
and Sumner's daughter,
who I understand is really difficult, Howard said.
The newspaper was on to say that Stern,
K. Rock Sales Manager Frank Flores,
and a con-executive Sam Ben Ruby,
all believed the company of Carmison goes.
Well, he left this morning, so we'll see.
We've already made a pact, Stern said,
trans-dizing state and general manager Tom Q.
Sonoff, for not being on board.
Mel is going to remember that you wouldn't walk out without us.
That guy who gave you your start,
United Good Royal, knew bleep you, he said, meaning the GM.
Sherry Redstone, 50th's director of Viacom,
and president of the current company,
National Amusements.
So there's the reason that Carmison leaving Viacom
is significant.
As Stern is threatened in the walk-course,
that goes on every week.
He's been threatened to walk out for how many months now?
Not sure, man.
In addition to what he and I,
you got Paul and Old One there,
in South Florida now, which when the numbers come out tomorrow morning,
he'll let him 30 when that trend comes out.
Then you're really going to see two months without Stern.
And of course, then the following one when the next trend comes out,
that's going to be the real biggie.
You know what I'm saying?
There's another there on there,
the numbers will come right back up.
Yeah. Oh yeah.
No, you're missing the point.
But you'll see two months of their performance on Zeta,
minus the Stern competition.
That ought to be really, really interesting.
That's what I'm thinking right now.
How many people want to hear this stay-old recruitment theory?
Probably it's after 10 to 5, 60 WDQA, man.
Also, don't let me forget to mention,
even when I'm doing this poll,
because we've done the decision times.
About the world's most beautiful women.
Yeah. WDQA and hello.
Thank you for your time.
On the nail.
Yes, sir. Good morning.
When is this?
I didn't catch George yesterday,
but did you see that piece about bushy holding
to Dom's gun as a trophy?
Yeah, we handed it on our website.
Yeah, thank you.
In fact, we had some interesting articles about the Freudian significance of that.
The world's most beautiful women.
This is another one of these,
this poll is so ridiculous.
Now, where does it say in this article,
who did this poll?
The fashion industry experts.
But it doesn't say what organization,
it's got to be in this article somewhere.
It's a really poor article,
because it's a national post,
which is a crappy paper.
But in any rate, we'll get to it.
When you hear who they selected as the world's most beautiful woman,
you are going to, well, you already know because I told you,
but it's cute and juicy.
It's very, very aggravating.
And it's all subjective, obviously.
But the person they picked shouldn't even be in the top 100.
Unless you, well,
1013 at 560 WM by now,
you should know about balance for a little.
And what did you say?
I didn't say anything.
You started with him again?
Welcome.
God.
Oh, I checked out that thing about the beer and the bottle and beer in them.
Balance for life is all we're talking about, right?
Would you stop so I can do this spot already?
Please, this is one of the worst pieces of copy ever saw in my life,
which includes a lot of territory from this ill-depraement.
I don't need any extra help and screw it up.
Now, a big issue for most people on balance for life is you
and you do the five-day plan of the seven-day plan.
The five-day plan does not include the weekends,
but what if you just want a few meals in Saturday and Sunday?
The seven-day plan's got all the meals,
but what if you have dinner plans for the weekend?
It's all or nothing.
Well, now, if you understand that,
balance for life has created the six-day plan.
On Friday night, you'll get one sack for the entire weekend,
so you can choose which meals you want to eat and when.
The best part about this plan is since balance for life is the only meal
for the service that offers you choices.
You can choose meals from either of these Saturday or Sunday menu.
And to add to this plan, if you tell the wonderful people
at balance for life, and that's what they say about themselves,
where you're going to eat out, they'll think of which items
on the menu are balance for life approved.
What a complete service, and balance for life is working exclusively
with a few local restaurants, the label menus,
balance for life approved, so move over atkins,
the zone is the way to go, plus keep an eye out on the website,
balanceforlife.com for new and exciting changes too.
Log on now and register for that newsletter at balanceforlife.com
or call them full-free and try to figure out what this is all about.
Call 1-866-2254543.
That's 1-866-2254543.
Why am you local?
Here's 4th video, 5th season, you ain't, you ain't.
Abu Garret, were you drugs-packing?
Yes, back home.
Oh my God.
Oh God.
You're first, will a place you can land so that you can.
A boy beat me in them, now you said you,
so that if you need to find my you, be absent in your mind,
George Bush.
Your positions that say, because John Kerry is up to your fate.
It's those questions about the National Guard that might leave
your rep, you station sword.
I just want to say you're not AWOL and you can put your not a AWOL.
What a funny thing to feel, it's Harry can't find,
where you were in that one ear sign, you party then you went,
and you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
you went, you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
you went, you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
you went, you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
you went, you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
you went, you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
you went, you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
you went, you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
you went, you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
you went, you went, you went, you went, you went, you went,
Audrey Hepburn,
Paul Definitely St. me,
Walter Soller As the most, we see, what's…
We see, what's the, what's …,ivosanna oversa to us,
пока carbide, moreClose carbide, oh, well after Golge is
pulled out, more Corp.
Alright, well I think John.
Gary Br geldiman Who's Paul Davins has a great
Internet Hempholict, Dick Leero muchtir,
Had like a... she's like a pinhead.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
Like a tiny little head on a little scrawny body and the...
The oddie Hepburn was a fine actress.
Don't get me wrong about that.
We liked oddie Hepburn.
She's still alive, no less.
But the idea that she was the most beautiful woman of all time.
Oh, I see.
You know who would compile this?
Evian.
The water people.
Well, maybe they're drinking something beside Evian or maybe they're spiking it with something
because you have to be out of your mind.
You want to hear the top 10?
In fact, I get... it takes some...
Kills in good time.
We had the whole top 100 here.
Oddie Hepburn was the number one.
To live Tyler's number two, which is lovely as she is.
The idea that she's the second most beautiful woman in the world is just...
Annoying to me.
This is of all time, keeping my...
Ever thoughtry.
Yeah, oh yeah.
I'll let that end again.
So does...
Everybody.
Yeah, so does Rosie O'Donnell.
So does screw-in.
Kate Blanchett.
I'm sorry, Blanchett.
No, she's not.
No, she's... Kate Blanchett.
Sorry.
Angelina Jolie.
Okay.
Grace Kelly's number five.
Natalie Inbouliya.
I have no idea who that is.
Let's be in singer.
Is she...
No, let's be...
Well, she plays at the Liz Fair concerts.
Or the... which we'll call it?
The Lizzie Fair.
She's cute.
She's very plain.
Juliet Benosh.
Benosh.
Okay.
She's beautiful.
Howie Berry.
Yeah, howie Berry is pretty, but not a top town.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Huh?
She's okay.
No.
Yeah.
No.
No.
I wouldn't know.
Hot, but not...
There's a difference here.
We're talking about the top...
The cream of the crop, baby.
We're talking about the top ten most beautiful women ever, ever.
Yeah, they're...
They're better looking people than hell.
Well, that's my point.
Hellenic Christensen, Elmick Fierce, and Cameron Dia.
Hello, Cameron Dia.
Cameron Dia.
You just blew right past Elmick Christensen, who's one of the ugliest people I've ever seen.
Well, I...
And if we take...
I got a bigger face to fry here.
We got a full four-hour show here today, but even so, we got the crap to do.
Plus, take some of these really great calls like this one.
I'm a line nine.
QA and hello.
Mr. Lawrence.
She's a famous female pornography superstar.
Oh, great.
Uh-huh.
We're not...
This is...
She's a name, though.
Oh, brother.
You know something new people are sad.
Does that tell you about my psychic powers?
What do I start?
What little drop into that I start to show today?
Huh?
It was...
Where's the video?
See?
And I just played it because I never played it, so I played...
You know?
Where's the video?
And sure enough that I get that...
We're not doing this.
We've done this a million times.
Stop turning, man!
We got our own pole going.
We'll get to it eventually, but when I'm good and ready, we've done this one too many times.
This is because this is the newspaper.
It doesn't mean we're going to do it.
Although it'll be easy to do.
But we've done it just recently.
Just a few months ago we did this.
That was great, though.
Yeah.
It's so typical, man.
So perfect.
Choke on my hoagie from Howie.
Yeah, choke on this.
Princess Diana.
Oh, God.
Gag me with a prune.
Kate Moss.
What does she weigh about 36 this week?
Charlie Starran.
I'm now starting to get up a little bit.
Scarlett Johansson.
I wonder if she's related to Ingham Marg.
Oh, by the way, that NHL out of business, I think.
That is the worst effect.
You call that the Stanley Cup freaking finals?
Oh, my God.
No wonder nobody's watching in the States, eh?
In fact, it seemed to me that most people here ain't watching either.
What a piece of crap.
Tampa Bay and Calgary.
Coma inducing.
My buddy there, Brad.
What's his name?
What's his name?
I can't even think of it right now.
See, that's how boring it is for me to become a what's his name?
Brad Richards.
Oh.
Scarlett's the only goal of the game really last night on a five on three.
And that's it.
No more action, no more goals, no more nut, not even a lot of great saves.
It's just nothing, nothing to do.
Terminal.
Serious tied to games of peace.
Who cares?
Isabella Rosalini.
I like her a lot.
I think she's amazing.
I know a Lawson.
Beyonce Knowles is one thing.
You know a Lawson?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm just going to go down the list and read you the names of people that are going to make you gag.
Madonna.
Okay.
I'm gagged.
Nicole Kidman.
She's okay.
Are you remembering what this poll is about?
Yeah, no, but the most naturally beautiful woman ever.
Here are some of those other people they have on their own.
Jennifer Lopez.
Hold it.
Julia Roberts.
Kylie Minogue.
No, no, no, no, no.
With its paltrow.
Kate Winslet.
No, no.
I'm just going to say.
I'm just going to do the ones that just, uh, um, some of these people I never heard of.
And Jackal and Kendall, the own masses of Marlena Dietrich.
Marlena Dietrich.
Talk about Butch.
But, uh, Penelope Cruz.
Diedo.
I almost said, Dildo.
I can't say that in them.
I call it that.
Shad.
Dildo.
Yeah.
Ingrid Bergman, who would, I mean, you talk about who is the Butchist of them all.
Greta Garbo.
No.
Uh, let's see.
Grace Jones.
Oh, that's it for me.
That's not what I thought.
That's where I take this and I wipe my ass with it.
I mean, that's just, that's bad.
The most naturally beautiful woman ever, Grace Jones.
Holy moly.
I think even Gracie Allen would be better choice than that.
That is bad.
Here's our poll today.
What was the best movie death scene of all time?
Now we're talking.
Something you can seek your teeth into.
Hmm.
Now let's see.
Who did this?
A critics poll was published last Thursday and we're just getting around to it now.
Well, that's okay.
All the polls all the time.
Or when you call in, you can also, if you want, for the other list too, even though we're not doing a poll on it, because it'll give you something to say.
Some are regressed the life he took, but he's ready to build his own.
His liberty, however, will be brief.
A native of Costa Rica, as the more it must be, detained by immigration officials in Miami, till it can be deported to the country of his birth,
a process that could take days or even months.
When he arrives in Marlola and Catoe's society, he barely knows.
Costa Rica.
Maybe he can hang out in the ring for us, or with those little girls.
At 42, he is never owned a car.
Never been out on date.
He used the cell phone or held a real job.
That sounds like great Jackson.
Right?
Yeah.
I'm not as young as I used to be.
It sounds like Robert Creeper.
I'm not as young as I used to be, as a more said in the prison that I view.
I'm wrinkled by have gray hair.
His case through international attention in the 1970s,
some of his attorney, Ellis Rubin, made the sensational claim that the 15-year-old
had been driven and murdered by violent television crantios.
I noticed this during the Sun's Channel doesn't mention Ellis Rubin.
At least not so far, just as his attorney.
How about Ellis?
Now, he's in here a little later.
I know.
The publicity's seeking the self-aggrandizing Ellis Rubin.
TV intoxication.
Had it been a treat earlier, Zimora Fancy's, he might have wanted to make up for a lost time going to parties and meeting different women.
Now, all he wants to find is someone with whom he can start a family.
That's what I've missed the most and what I want the most.
Zimora, who's seen his brothers and sisters rubbed through short prison visits,
now I'm getting out and I have to make my own moral.
Zimora's case gained widespread notoriety as much for his lawyer's TV intoxication defense
as the novelty of the TV cameras in the courtroom is,
the first to be televised, critics later to spare Zimora's attorney, Ellis Rubin,
for turning the trial into a media circus.
Absolutely.
Rubin claimed the teenager couldn't tell the difference between reality and fantasy because it is obsession with the television show Kojak.
Yeah.
Too many lollipops, I think.
Fures convicted Zimora and their 14-year-old friend Darrell Agrell of murdering and robbing Eleanor Hagrid,
he'd been using the 172 beef to go into the Disney World.
Zimora appealed his conviction charging that Rubin made a mockery of his defense
and was only interested in self-promoting publicity, but in Atlanta Federal Appeals Court, I've held a verdict.
Today, Rubin stands by his TV intoxication defense.
I regret that defense didn't work through Rubin said if I was allowed to introduce that today,
then there would have been a different result.
Rubin said he wishes Zimora well, he should have been released years ago,
Hagrid's family members disagree.
Zimora may feel that he can put his common murder behind him, Hagrid's daughter wrote in a letter
to the Pro-Commissionalized Month, but the Hagrid family cannot put it behind us,
not only to be brutally murdered in Elberleaves, the lady who took out the family from us.
Hey, how come he wasn't off back in those days?
They were frying people, all coming with an execute.
Too young and all that.
Yeah, all of these things.
Polic crap.
Get back to Cross the Bika where you belong, Ronny.
We got enough dirt bags already in South Florida, okay?
And take Ellis with you while you're at it.
TV intoxication life, fat ass.
There were the name, have Jerry Springer back then.
Right, I'm getting loaded right now, speaking to that.
90, I'm getting toxic in, bad for the Iraqi TV, that's killin' me.
Nice, rotting my brain as a matter of fact.
Abu Garib.
19 till noon at QAM.
Nobody wants to think about themselves getting cancer, heart disease, these things never happen to us, right?
Well, you're wrong.
It can't happen to you or somebody in your family.
It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if detected early,
while there's still a chance to do something about it.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy,
coronary heart scoring, and full body screening exams that can detect cancer,
other like threatening diseases, and they're early stages.
Doctors before they're as needed.
I did the heart scoring and the full body screening a few weeks ago.
The full body screening is like a virtual trip through your body, like what was that movie?
The early to the center of your way.
Well, in intestinal voyage, yeah.
For all your imaging exams, call Hollywood Diagnostic at 9.5.4.9.6.6.36.
The center's for a test that can give you and your family peace of mind,
and then if there should be something wrong, you can catch it early enough to do something about it.
At Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer you statively our imaging equipment with open MRI,
high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine, and much, much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving community for over 20 years.
The facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you.
For example, if Ma falls down and breaks a leg or a neck, they can come right to her and help her out.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4.9.6.6.3600 for your imaging exam today.
Like I said, it could be one of the most important calls you might ever make.
It could be a life saver. Call 9.5.4.9.66.3600.
You're my high-end local. Here's the 420 O'Fight's assistant, you and you, A-M.
Roger that.
Hey, boys, you my friend. He's calling.
A guy like him has my friend.
A table screen. I'm playing.
I'm playing.
You see all of me, my back's right and both my face and my naughty face.
I'm three boys three, my two men.
Should I move your down, but my head shall not last just now?
Can you see them now?
You get to see what makes you know I'm trying.
I'm trapped with status, take a moment, my friend, you're very funny.
You're the center for so few, but I'd show them chocolate.
And I know what makes you wake one hand when I'm trapped with.
Can know the whole body to see me stop now.
Listen to this Bush-myster crafter at the White House.
It's funny dawn on me that the war on terror now does include Iraq.
It didn't before.
Right. That's what it does now.
It did not include Iraq year ago or March, but now it does.
So you're going to show you what comes around, goes around.
5.6.7.05.60.
What was the all-time best movie death scene?
We've ignored our pool badly here.
We just haven't been laying on it.
Psycho to shower scene 50.
The godfather, son of a-claws away, sent in a minute more like a piece of Swiss cheese.
That was interesting to the ballgame.
Listen to the Yankee game, I believe, on the radio.
Of course, he was in out of two, the toll taker.
He's a toll taker if they bend down real fast.
He's in a lot of two things.
Right, right.
Now, ductile misuses at the toll taker bends down real quick.
It means one or two things.
The godfather, son of a-claws away, 36.
That's a strange love ride to bomb, 28.
Slim pickens.
Draw, it can't like South Florida radio, slim pickens.
Draws Robert Chaggett eaten by the shirt, 27.
Alien.
Alien comes popping out of John Hertz' chest.
25.
Scarface.
The chainsaw seen in the bathroom, 22.
Americanist reacts, curb stopping, 15.
The godfather, more takes that bullet in the eye.
You have to do the glass, 13.
You're reversible, the fire extinguisher in the rectum, that's with the capital R.
Correct him.
No, not that one.
Passes the Christ, the Jews killed Jesus, 10.
The Jews killed Jesus.
That's a good start.
Casino, Joe Pesci, stabbing with a pen, 7.
Now, let me tell you about that, the one in the god, the good fellow, Godfellas.
God almighty, I'm so sorry I took this pool.
Die hard, 30 story fall.
Not 30, man.
4.
Star Wars, Palpatine, kills Darth Vader 3.
Looking for Mr. Goodwright, Goodbar, Richard Gears stabs Diane Keaton, and well deserved 3.
All of it should have been the other way around.
And Lady and the Caves, the eye-gouging one of 259 votes.
Richard Gears just leaves me limp.
I like Diane Keaton a lot.
Yeah.
What's not to like, right?
She's good.
She's great.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Now, yes sir.
Yeah, I was having a spirited political debate with a couple that did owe heads in my wife's family over the weekend.
Uh-huh.
And we got to debating Iraq, of course.
And not only do we have some sort of top-secret rationale for the war,
that they're not allowed to tell us because it's a different reason.
Why so?
Uh-huh.
But another problem we had is that wedding party that was attacked with the missiles,
that, apparently, was really a training terrorist camp.
And I'm open-minded.
I'm willing to accept it maybe, you know,
they're saying that I'm a victim of the liberal media.
Right.
They're saying that there are plays I can research that from maybe a couple independent sources.
We can research what?
You can research fantasy that somebody made up?
Well, no, I just want to see articles written by maybe the BBC or somebody that might be...
Yeah, it's cardio-roggies.com.
Go online and read our website every day, and you can print out a whole bunch of good stories.
But see, it all bugs me.
Why would people waste time with that?
I don't know.
I have no patience in my life for the right-wing lunatics, okay, for the next jobs.
Why would you want to debate them?
Well, I can see because he doesn't have a clue of where he can research that,
that the wedding party was some kind of a, uh-oh, please.
A terrorist exercise.
The burden of proof is undone.
And don't forget, even bad people get married.
And have party, sure, and breathe.
Even evil doers have a wedding.
That's a bring life.
And those little kids that die while they're just, who are pinnaking the Espy standards,
that's all they were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
All of these things.
It's, uh, it's just, it's pathetic.
And just like Washington and Schmott pay, that whole thing with the new, uh,
the supposed interim government taking over in a practice morning and watching that Schmott pay head there,
would have thought he...
I think that was Prince Bandar.
With a, with a, no, a sure thing, with a, with a phony mustard, with a stunt mustache on,
I think it was Prince Bandar wearing a Groucho glasses, or one of his hundred cousins.
Yeah, or Bandar Bush Jr., I don't know which one it was.
Let me say it again, the Saudis who got a taste of their own medicine again this weekend,
and believe me, they're gonna be getting a lot, lot more.
Because they're after the Saudi world family. That's who they want to get out.
And quite frankly, that's not also bad.
Nope.
The only problem is when the evil doers take over, we should have been there first.
That's the problem instead of sucking around with the Saudis.
Instead of being in bed with the Saudis, like this Bush maister right here in his whole family,
they got some Ashpaha.
That's where the problem lies, a big part of it.
You need one of those crooks.
And all this human sacrifice, it's just amazing to me, huh?
This guy standing up there in a white house lawn, and this press squatter,
he up and up and, yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, nobody wants to ask any tough questions.
Just like at the Pentagon, it's the same thing.
Once in a great while, John Roberts or somebody like, you know,
grow up here and ask, ask a tough question, maybe try to follow it up.
But other than that, they just sit back in the middle of the bullcrap from Rumsfeld,
and all these other liars.
Here you've got the attorney general, John pardon me, I'm busy covering a statue,
Ask Caw.
Fools this impront due press conference last week to announce breathlessly,
even though they don't raise the terror alert, which would tell you something right off the bat.
If there was this imminent threat, would all this stuff come out this summer?
Why didn't they raise the terror alert? Because they know there's no imminent threat.
It's a phantom group that basically doesn't even really exist.
Like that story I read said, it could be one guy with a facts machine.
They took credit for this. They took responsibility for that.
Like a power outage last fall, and they had nothing to do with any terrorism.
They know what caused it.
It was with some of Bush's buddies that were in business in the, uh, in the industry,
in the energy industry.
And by the way, we found out who was in on those meetings yet.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, this is the most passive, the most docile media I've ever seen in my life.
They just sit back on their ass and now the New York Times find out,
well, we apologize. We apologize. We got sucked into. Yeah.
The all my analogies drive the 64 T bird off the Grand Canyon for our pool.
Okay, got it. We got it.
And other dead scene.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous line.
I wonder what Rinfuel will think of all of this.
Hmm, hmm, hmm.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Are you doing your Russian personation again? Yes, sir.
Yeah, listen, I got no one for the pool. How about the right.
Appetitation scene in the Omen.
Oh, yeah.
How's that sound?
I like it. Okay, thanks.
All right, we're not supposed to be talking too much about the
cavitation nowadays. It's so bad.
It's so popular.
It is popular because a lot of sick people like you.
Well, you did it for research though.
Right? You didn't do it for a boy.
We're sick.
No, yeah. No desire to see any of that.
And now, but the people out there who watch faces of death parts
once or a thousand, they just couldn't wait.
They were online.
I, you know, all I could.
And then come to fight out that the whole thing was stayed anyway.
It looks like the Nick Bird thing.
He was already dead.
He was drugged when he was sitting there and then by the time they
shook the thing off and you know, he was, you know,
how were they did it?
He was already dead.
And then they're going to like, saw the head off.
And who were those people?
Now, I got to be honest with him.
Now, I was a carry guy.
That guy really impresses me.
Right?
There's a guy who lost a leg.
He was dead once.
And now he comes back and he's chopping his guy's head on.
And he grew his leg back.
Right?
So not only is he dead, but he didn't lose his leg and he's there.
Chop it in.
And we know it's him because we have recognized the voice on the audio.
Even though CNN said it definitely wasn't him later in the day,
the CIA said, oh yes it was.
And he said, oh, okay, what do you say?
We want to stay on the air.
Very, very suspect.
And the public says, oh yes, yes, master, yes, master.
Whatever you be saying, yes, master, you know, like a bunch of,
no, a bunch of obedient lackeys.
That's what most of you people are.
I mean, you and I, we were in America.
You know, we come up, we put a lot of work in here to put some stuff on our website every day.
That people ought to be reading.
And this guy calls me up.
Well, you know, anywhere I can read about the, we got stories from the BBC in a garden
and they independent like real newspapers and a village voice.
Not just from the freaking sun, sentle and a hero novels never put any of those stories on here,
unless it's just a local story.
There it is.
Take maybe 15 minutes of your precious time every day.
The amount of time it would take to have like an extra BM.
In fact, just drag your PC around the old magic room there, okay?
And have yourself a good time.
In fact, you read some of these stories that will probably, in fact,
maybe I can do that for my mother.
That'd be, maybe the health for a lifelong problem, you know, her obsession would not have it enough bowel movements.
Maybe that might be the answer for you.
Yeah, you sit on the can reading these stories and whoa, man.
That's, ah, ah, ah, ah.
See, you just don't get it.
You don't understand.
But that was Gwakomoli.
Yeah, that was Gwakomoli, huh?
Maybe it was Gwakomoli going in, but on the way out, I think I might have been something else.
Wow.
It was green.
It was green, all right.
You're going to be doing a green apple crisp if you play that thing again.
At any rate.
Three minute, what am I getting all the tempo about?
It's a radio show.
So we're not going to change.
We're not going to make people smart.
We're not going to make people think.
We're not going to make people open up their minds.
They got this bozo, this dupe.
That is, that is peace.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, boy.
We're going to send him to Abuba.
Hey, by now, y'all know about balance for life when we know a big issue.
For most of you issued, you do the five day or seven day plan.
I've been wondering about that all weekend, you know what?
The five day plan doesn't include the weekends.
But what if you just want a few meals and Saturday and Sunday?
The seven day plan has got all the meals.
But what if you have dinner plans in a weekend?
It's all or nothing with that seven day plan.
But now, if you can understand this, follow it.
Write it down.
Take some notes.
Now, balance for life is created into six day plan.
On Friday night, you'll get one sack for the entire weekend.
So you can choose which meals you want to eat and when.
The best part about this plan is since balance for life is the only meal delivery service
that offers you choices.
You can pick up meals from either the Saturday or Sunday menu.
And, and to this plan, if you tell the wonderful people at balance for life where you're going to eat out,
they'll tell you which items on the menu are balance for life approved.
What a complete service because balance for life is working exclusively with a few local restaurants
to label menu items balance for life approved.
So move over atkins, Dr. Bob, watch your step.
The zone is the way to go.
Plus, keep an eye out on the website, www.balanceforlife.com for new and exciting changes too.
Like maybe a new owner.
Log on down register for that newsletter that's balanceforlife.com or column toll free.
1-866-225-4543.
Please pass on the Boba Ghanouche.
That's 1-866-225-4543.
This is Mark Morgan, is the 12-1 hour on Q-8M.
How dare they drag the good names of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture trip?
Abu Dhar, Rick,
Don't lie, all the Harper,
Don't come to the top of every time I see.
Don't come to the top of every time I see.
Every guard, they give witch food,
Don't come to the top of every time I see.
He's President of the bull,
Repel against muscle pain,
And in our taking advantage of it,
I don't know why they all want to scum,
But not easy,
First person to ask for use,
With President of the bull,
What is that?
Hey, Brad.
Oh, what I can do,
Don't move on small,
And get to me your bullet hole,
One.
If you want this,
Don't move on little,
It's running stupidly.
Don't move on little,
And this girl,
Get rich here.
Don't move on little,
It's even the present me.
He's President of the bull,
Yeah, don't care what it's all,
You got him in by a hundred bucks,
With Christmas cards,
Oh, what about you and I,
The helpful things,
We're not a great leader,
With President of the bull,
Repel against muscle pain,
Well, three of five, 60,
WQAM, happy Tuesday, two,
The mad doggy,
Two, we got the hopper at the bell monitor for the saffron,
In New York,
Oh, he must be having some kind of a week, oh, week.
I know for a good day, Johnson, be calling Friday,
But the bell monitor on Saturday,
As Marty Jones is going to win the triple crown,
There's only, I think like eight, eight or nine horses
And you feel something like that.
Marlins on deck at 630,
Fought about a raise at the Marlins at P.P. Park,
Right up the street,
There at 705, he can't get a game.
You know, these promos that were running,
He's one of our best,
I've always been embarrassed by those,
And it used to be just on the 80K promo,
He's one of our best,
I mean, you know what I mean,
It's just, what is that?
What is that from?
I don't know what you're talking about.
The promos that we have for like,
I don't hear them,
Oh, they're sportsmen.
And now we got to do one for the,
For the Hebrew hammer,
And they're using the same path,
They make clear,
It's just clear it's go away,
Don't go away, man,
Just slink off it at the sunset
And they don't have a great life.
Okay, go squeeze your, uh,
Price plate.
You get lost.
Man, it's just the tragedy.
Little child radio.
Speaking of radio,
Office politics give liberal radio a rocky start,
Says Jacques Steinberg of The New York Times.
Even by the chaotic standards of a new media company,
Air America Radio's first two months of broadcast,
You've been convulsed.
The fledgling talk radio network has replaced five top executives,
It's been taken off the air in two of its toughy markets
And lost several crucial producers by late April,
Torrent and former executive civilized week,
The company was perilously closed to running out of money.
It has since refused an infusion of cash,
Though it's not disclosed how much or from whom.
The roiling in air america's front office
Is undercut its continuing assurances
That it has the financing and leadership to survive,
Thanks to presidential election in November,
And pursuit of its goal of establishing a permanent liberal counterpart
To rush limbo on his radio cohorts on the right.
In a sign that the privately held company's financial was
If not fully abated Al Franken,
The network's best known star said in an interview last week
That he had agreed not to draw salary, however temporarily,
Making him an involuntary investor.
We had some bad management, Mr. Franken said,
Then we got some good management.
Right! Still Mr. Franken is tongue only partly in ticketed,
It's a little fuzzy to me exactly who's in charge.
Huh!
The turmoil of the Chevlight on the network's corporate cofure
Lying very mismatched collection of managers and investors,
Including Democratic Party fundraisers, Internet entrepreneurs,
And radio veterans who had turned out to not get along especially well.
Even as the network was fighting an audience with its blend of humor and commentary,
Many of the principal businesses relationships were dissolving
The flurry of charges and counter-chargers.
The most serious concern how much money or america actually had on hand
When went on the year March 31.
In early March, the network's chief executive Mark Walls said
That the company had raised more than 20 million dollars
And up to keep it broadcasting for months and not years before making a profit.
At the same time, Mr. Wall said that the network's primary backers included Evan and Cohen,
A venture capitalist who was the network's chairman and recs-
Sorenson, a business partner, Mr. Cohen,
Who was the chairman of progress media, the parent company of Air America.
But an interview on Friday, Mr. Walls said,
I was misled about that number, the 20 million.
Mr. Walls refused to say who had misled him,
But he said that he resided in April because the company wasn't transferred.
I was unable to decipher how was being operated.
Kind of like our company, in other words, a bunch of people that don't have any idea what they're doing.
Only in our case, they don't have, they're kind of like Greg Readwithout the horseshoe, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Less than a month later, Mr. Cohen and Mr. Sorenson would previously operate in radio stations together in Guam and Saipan,
Resigned under pressure from the company's other investors.
You know, this article goes on and on.
Not once does it mention the goddess in here.
The only real broadcaster they have on that whole thinking network, and it doesn't mention her at all.
It does mention about how the numbers they beat Rush would WLIB in New York,
3.4 and at one month in the month of April.
Rush'd have a 3.2 and they had a 3.4, 2554.
How do you like that?
Of course they had a lot of publicity and a lot of, you know, height in the beginning,
but nevertheless, that's pretty good.
The only problem is if they're not making any money, they're losing their ass.
While the networks are waiting release of figures from arbitration for other cities,
KPOJAM, the clear channel station that carries its program in Portland, Oregon,
informed error America executives by email and lady,
probably it's ratings appeared to have tripled last month.
How do you like that?
I like it.
A station executive, Mary Lou Gunn, did not return its telephone message left their office on Friday.
Mary Lou's Gunn.
The network, which is all secured on the satellite radio providers XMN's series,
has found an audience on the internet.
Its first week, let's just tick on the audio programming on the America website
more than 2 million times according to the real-world digital media provider.
It's cleared the audiences there, Mr. Frankenstein.
It goes on about reading Carapelo and this one,
and now one but it doesn't, that makes it negatus at all, not whatsoever.
It says interviews with more than a dozen people currently are formally affiliated with
Air America made clear that the network had been hobbled by the figure of its early principles,
some of whom had been drawn to the venture by ideology others for business reasons,
and to forge common ground.
What we say are a lot.
Here's a bunch of non-brushed-ass people getting into broadcasting.
There'll be like a bunch of people walking around with no shoes on, opening up a shoe store.
Right.
Now, I know them, I know them.
Eric, emailed me an interesting story over the weekend.
I'm going to send you this story.
Did you see it?
Christian Sassian talks about what I was going to say to me yesterday.
Did you talk about it?
No.
That's right.
You just played music yesterday.
It took the easy way out.
Good going.
Good choice.
But this, you see, I'm going to say it again because very few voices anywhere in this country
are going to tell you the real truth of this religious bullcrant.
You're watching the Oro-Dashirites, Simasunis, and the Kurds in the way,
and there's all this other bullcrant, people for the American way.
All these religious factions over there in Iraq, how they can't get along,
you see this insane slaughter because the Taliban, cleric, and Pakistan got shot and killed over the weekend.
And so now right away we've got a shooting kill a bunch of other people because it's the wrong
goyem and the wrong Muslims.
The religious people are the crazy people.
And now you'll notice that Bush, what did you just start again?
The faith-based initiatives.
He tried, they didn't fly the first time.
So now he's bringing that around again.
And you want to know why he's bringing that around again because they're scared,
smithless, that the religious right, you know, the core base of the support for them on the right,
that they're not going to be highly motivated because they let them down.
They didn't really go after that.
The constitutional amendment to ban game marriages.
They didn't do this.
They didn't do that.
And so now they got to do something that it's a motivate them to come out in November and vote.
And speaking of crazy religious people, I don't know where the hell I saw it.
But there was a piece on the news over the weekend about the all the closings,
the church closings in New England and Boston, the Catholic church.
Yeah.
And they claimed by the way, they said, oh, well, it's not because of all the money we had to pay off
because the settler was a abuse truck and all those lawsuits and right.
See, first of all, it was the abuse settlements.
And then the donations became much, much less.
People said, in fact, they showed a bunch of New Englanders with a heavy accent.
I'm not giving another dime to that bunch of our great-rovers.
I'm not giving.
And so people stopped giving.
So a bunch of pedophiles, which is basically all the Catholic hierarchy is anyway.
It's just a gay club and pedophile club.
Yeah, but to see the reaction of the old, these old fogies from the churches
that had to be closed down, see what they did was they sent out a letter to each diocese.
Oh, you're going to be okay.
We're going to have to close you down.
Which is whatever the case might be.
And to watch these people wailing in hysterical and the catawalling and the psychosis,
you would have thought that somebody just took away their shaman tissue.
The catlet bawling?
Wow.
Based on what?
Why is that such a big deal?
Why is that so important?
Oh, no, you wouldn't understand.
Oh, I don't understand.
They're not going to go to heaven now.
It's another fraternity.
It's another club.
Why is it that they're not going to go to heaven if they don't go to church and tend to lock down the street?
What differences make what building they go to church in?
They got a drive further.
What differences make what pedophiles up there standing at the altar?
How can I try to talk about your crap with his dress and his silly outfit on sticking wapers in their mouth and drinking all that wine?
They will throw them by the way.
Let me say it again, people.
Don't be drinking out of the same cup if you're smart.
So we got this great stir.
I'm going to get into this.
Christian's succession talks sparked a lot of reaction.
Hundreds of Americans, national news media, contact activists looking to form a new nation.
Maybe Bush could be present at that nation as he says it.
Nation. He talks like an illiterate douffers.
Do you want to know why?
Because he's an illiterate douffers.
Because he's an illiterate douffers.
Great job.
And look all.
How's his unhubble work?
How's his unhubble work?
How's his unhubble work?
How's his unhubble work?
You weigh in.
Oh, there's a race.
Almost a mile high.
I feel like she is trying to make a difference.
Gonna be your wife.
I'm as hot as an old lady.
Oh, I'm not my load.
The load is going on now.
I'm talking to my sheep.
She's gonna die with me.
I'm a guy defending for the dirty.
I'm gonna be the top.
And if I succeed, I'm a woman with me.
You're the one who follows my life.
You're the one who's alive and aware of the world.
And if you know what I'm told you,
you've got some day and end of heaven.
You're the one who's dead.
You're the one who's alive.
Welcome.
No living to the end.
And it comes.
If you want to make your promise,
I'm meant to place Michael Drops himself in the end of this race.
Tony used that body a lot.
He had a body wash.
1217, although that's a slippery bottle.
If you drop that, maybe you're in big trouble.
The original story on this,
Christians looked to form new nations within the US.
Now, both of these stories are world net daily,
which is one of those, well, one of those.
But at any rate, wacky, I think, is the, would be a kind word.
Christians looked to form new nations within the US.
Same-sex marriage called last straw,
prompting plan for one state to succeed.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Calling the approval of same-sex marriage in Massachusetts,
the straw that broke the camel's back,
a group of Christian activists is in the beginning stages
of an effort to have one state to succeed
from the US to become its own sovereign nation.
Our Christian Republicans declined in a way
pagan democracies as Cory Brunel,
president of ChristianExodus.org,
a non-profit corporation based in Tyler, Texas.
There are some issues people just can't take anymore,
and same-sex marriage might finally wake up the complacent Christians.
Brunel is leading the charge for a peaceful succession of one state
from the Union that had originally considering Alabama,
Mississippi, and South Carolina through their relatively small
populations' coastal access, and the Christian nature of the electorate.
Brunel says South Carolina has been selected as the target location
of what a magnificent choice.
Nothing could be finer than to stay out of South Carolina.
The plan initially calls for at least 12,000 Christians
going to be anchored in political campaigns to move to the Palmetto state.
We're not an invading force where reinforcements for Nell
tells World Med Daily, saying it would be a waste of time
to move to liberal-minded states like Massachusetts,
New York or California where conservative votes would be diluted.
According to the Christian Exhibits website,
which has slated for a major relaunch next month,
Christians have actively tried to return our entire land
to its moral foundation for more than 20 years.
We can categorically say that absolutely nothing's been achieved
if you disagree, consider this.
All of these things consider them.
All of these things.
Abortion continues against the wishes of many states.
Children may not pray in our schools.
The Bible is now welcoming schools except under strict
federal guidelines.
The Ten Commandments remain banned from public display.
Sodom is now legal and celebrated as diversity rather than perversion.
Preaching Christianity will soon be outlawed as hate speech,
and being heres will be ported upon us in the very near-queer out near future.
All of these atrocities continue in spite of the fact that we now have
the right people in places of power.
Indeed, far right.
Indeed, the occupant of the White House is a professing Christian.
The U.S. Attorney General is believed to be a devout Christian,
conservative, controlled, both houses of Congress,
and Republican presidents have pointed seven of the lines of
Supreme Court justices, including parents token Thomas.
The idea of moving thousands of people to affect the voting in one state is not new,
as the world meant that the Bailey is previously reported
the free state project had goals of restoring certain personal liberties
and limited government without succeeding from the union.
Last year, a group of 4,500 libertarians decided
New Hampshire would be the best state.
Bernal and Aunt Teacher and Cellphone D list dresses
in not looking for bloody battles at workplace in the American Revolution
in the Civil War, but rather seeking a political divorce.
It's got to be different today, as it's got to be peaceful and brokered.
But he admits that the federal government decides to use military forces to stop the effort
than it can't happen.
Already, a dozen people are actively working on the projects
and 50 hundred emails of support are being received
and the whole goes according to plan.
Bernal is hoping that a constitutional convention by the year 2014
with the president of the new nation, a great nation,
still to be known as South Carolina, elected in 2016,
which is also a presidential election year in the U.S.
He says the nation would be founded on Christian principles
and the people writing its constitution would have to hash out details
to safeguard it as a Christian republic.
For now, Bernal prefers to shy away from these specifics on the proposed law,
precise laws governing the country, independence first details later he says,
and then the follow-up to this very briefly.
In the wake of the exclusive report this week about this,
that I just read hundreds of American citizens of contact
and group of Christian activists looking to succeed.
It's on least of a rise to Coray Bernal, president of christmixodus.org.
It's been an incredible response and nothing I'm used to,
it's fairly gut-wrenching for me.
Good, wrench this.
Go see Mr. Gut-Renche.
Bernal and like-minded believers are looking to encourage,
well, we know that already.
And it's got a whole bunch of the emails that they got.
Some which are of course encouraging others to just rip them and ask.
Here's one for example.
Here's one that says, go yourself.
You are no better than the Islamic fundamentalist bastards
that hold 99% of the Middle Eastern nations in an iron grip named with ill.
How do you like that?
I think it's a good idea just wrong state.
Yeah, I guess I'll show them something.
How about there to North Dakota?
Shout to Coda is what I say.
Shout to Coda.
Well, North Dakota'd be good too.
Now let's see, where's the, where's the, what's your call?
What do you call it?
Mount Rushmore, South Dakota.
South Dakota, I was gonna get that confused.
Now let's see, here's something I don't think too much of a sense of the code is pardon me,
but I just, I mean, here's a good rule of thumb.
There is nothing in North Dakota.
Nothing.
Hmm, at all.
Even George McGovern was in South Dakota.
Right.
Even Tom Daschal is in South Dakota for the time being.
Yellow grass.
Huh.
It's snow.
Well, I got carried grant and who was in, who else was in there?
Was it Tippy Headwin?
No.
North by Northwest?
Who was in there with carried grant climbing on the face of Mount Rushmore?
I don't know.
Oh, come on.
I never saw it.
You never saw North by Northwest?
One of the great Kitchcock movies of all time?
Busted.
So, I believe, Moli, I can't believe that.
So, I've heard it go.
I've heard it go was okay.
I don't know North by Northwest.
It's your window.
Never saw it.
Was that the one with the camera?
I didn't get back to our pool.
Who?
Was that the one with the plane?
North by Northwest?
The crop.
The Crop.
Yeah.
Never saw it.
Thank you, dude.
I did pretty just, huh?
I saw that scene over and over again in the movie shows.
Yeah, they were trying to, they were trying to, like, keep carrying it.
They found out that it was having an affair with the, who was it?
Who was it?
That British actor.
I had that surround last week.
He was, uh, over there was.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
He was a killer.
What I like was after eight in the shark went out.
I like that.
That.
Dr. Strangelove.
Some pickens rides the La Bamba.
36.
Alien.
Alien comes out of John Hertz, chest 36.
American history acts curb-stop in 23.
The Godfather, another one, mode takes a bullet to the eye.
16.
Irreversible.
Fire extinguisher in Eul rectum 14.
Casino, Joe Pesci's standing, God would have pinned 12.
Well, let's talk about Casino and the good fellows again, not.
Casino, the Christ, the Jewish Kill Jesus 12.
Star Wars, Palpatine, Kill's Darth Vader 9.
Tell me Louise is moving to drive the Carbiter Grand Canyon 6.
Looking for Mr. Goodwrench, Richard Gears, Stab's got a key.
I'll just let you know.
That's about that.
And we'll have Eric Change it, because it just verified it.
It's tell better than it's stabs in the end, not Richard Gears, even though they're both in the movie stuff.
Oh, I like Tom Verge, but I can't stand Richard.
You're not feel better about it.
Yeah.
If Richard Gears were stabbed, I'm Keen.
I feel really bad.
We'd probably have to turn all in Jerbal's loose.
But Tom Verge, that's another story.
In fact, Tom Verge was in a really good movie about the clan.
What that was about Mississippi, not Mississippi burning.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do.
Or he was like a spy on the clan.
He was like a great part.
He was a good movie.
He said, how do good movies tell Verge?
He's good.
And anyway, so that's got a couple.
That's our poll so far.
We have a lot more on here, only on Whipped Up.
You know who got me Whipped Up was that caught up with that crap about his ditto head relative.
Yeah, what is wrong with you people?
Okay, you're not going to change their mind.
It's a religion to them.
There's no room for discussion.
It's like saying you're going to have a discussion with Lord Ash Limbaugh.
There are places to discuss about who he can get to replace Willman.
Get him to support him.
Otsis, forget about it.
Okay?
It's a religion.
They are closed-minded.
And all these hysterical, oh, well, you've just been brainwashed by the liberal media.
Right.
There is no liberal media.
You got that your America thing struggling like crazy and then preaching to the choir,
they're on a New York City.
Well, big deal.
Congratulations to you.
Okay?
Like New York needs some help voting for Kerry.
It just doesn't make any sense to me.
So you'll purly, so you'll conceive and purly play it out.
That holy America thing.
And you only only broadcasted they got going on there.
And she never gets mentioned in the articles.
I mean, even Katrina Van den Hoel and Nation wrote great things about her.
But all these other articles about all of their problems as well.
We got to hear about Al Franken, engineering Carapelo and Jimi Krennari,
and Al Franken, and the fact of the matter is they're not broadcasters.
But nevertheless, who the hell are we to talk to QM?
How many people we got in your heart, aren't broadcasters?
Not 30 men.
There you go.
I mean, basically what we got like Mandit says, Jews and Jocks.
26 past noon at 560 WQA as your company's suffering from regulations and increased labor costs.
Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business, payroll administration,
Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services, and risk management.
These are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation, call them at 1-866-0-Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands many fastest human resource management.
O outsourcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice,
which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to the people that Oasis outsourcing.
But Oasis outsourcing makes your business more profitable if you want a free evaluation,
the obligation just call that toll free number, 1-866-Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Call Oasis outsourcing.
Call Oasis outsourcing.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
All right, put the prisoner in the chair and strap men.
What are you going to do to me?
Is the power ready?
Yes sir.
Let the fridge.
What is this?
What is this?
Oh no!
Is this what I think it is?
Oh no!
What is this?
I'm not taking it!
Shut it up!
I said you're shutting up!
No!
Oh no, oh no!
I'm not taking it!
I'm not taking it!
I'm not taking it!
I'm not taking it.
I'm looking up.
I think it's even worse saying North by Northwest.
I'm looking up right now.
I am the one just popped up.
Carry Grant and, yeah, I just flew by that thing.
Where the hell is it?
Carry Grant, even more recent, like I said James Mason.
James Mason was great.
Leo G. Carroll, remember Leo G. Carroll and Topper?
No.
Yeah, you've seen that.
The TV show Topper?
No.
Must have seen that on those old retro channels.
Oh, you don't get them.
Well, well anyway, that's it.
Marta Lando was in that too.
It was also very good.
Great actor, Marta Lando.
I'm the rated.
Great heart.
At the end, they devolved Mel Gibson.
All we can say about that is, oh, man.
What a shame.
This is John and Columbia South Carolina, who just obsessed with this show.
John, what are you trying to tell us?
I have no right.
And then he says, PS Vanishing Point honorable mentioned very newman 1971.
What happened in Vanishing Point?
I never saw it.
I didn't either.
Josh A. Never seen 1971.
No chance.
As far as the critics says, bring them on.
All right.
Bring them on.
5.670560.
Count 560 on EAT and T-Line.
Here's the more suggestions.
Yes, yeah, I knew this was going to come in there.
Steve says, the Godfather, a Michael Schoots, McCluskey and Celetzel,
and Louise Restaurant in the Bronx.
Yeah, you can't leave that out, right?
It's a double-dry old drawer.
And I'll kill them both.
And Godfather, too, when young veto kills Dampanucci in the hallway.
Members messing with a light bulb.
Yeah, but I'm thin.
So they say this all the way.
What?
It's not as good as Dunchichi O's death.
That was the best one ever.
Yeah, you're right.
But I think the best and most brutal killing was the gladiator when Maximus in his first solo arena battle,
ironically in the Middle East, beheaded his final combat with two swords.
Yeah.
What do you think?
No.
Why don't you think good about gladiator, including any of the deaths?
But what do I want to say?
Well, that's what Steve says.
Don't be arguing with Stemy, he was doing real well.
I think that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, here.
Got some good stuff here.
Oh, and well, I never got to nothing about Chicago and Walmart.
Good.
Never got to that last weekend, probably just as well.
It's too depressing.
You mentioned it.
Did I?
Yes, you did.
Great.
That's what we need is a Walmart on every street corner, a wall green on every street corner.
Anything that begins with letters W-A-L, like a gigantic wall would be good.
Like the Sherone is doing over there, which is a Jewish Berlin wall, the wall of love.
Right.
The wall of love to keep everybody else out of your other holes out.
That's what it's all about.
WQA, and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you doing?
I got an obscure one for your Paul.
OK.
But it was rather brutal.
He and Godfather too, and Michael sends Carlo to Rodriguez.
And I believe it's Clemens' who puts the wire here in the curry.
Right.
And it's enough to ink him all the way into the back seat.
He carried cars around and said, oh, hi, hi, Carlo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was a pleasant one.
Exactly.
Not bad.
No, it wasn't good, but you leave it to your imagination then.
It was very good.
And Anne, not only that, I give you another good one.
How about when Luca Bratzi goes to visit Bruno Tataria?
In Saluzzo.
And pretends he wants to join the family.
Oh, yeah.
And he sticks the knife in his hand so he can't get away from the bar.
And then he gets zero different behind.
Good choice, Paul.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
That is a good choice.
So which move on from one or both of those, huh?
Godfather won.
See, we're saying Godfather won.
And there is no Godfather won.
We don't care.
We call it Godfather won.
With you like it or not.
It's just a different way.
We have references.
Godfather won.
What's his name?
Luca Bratzi gets it.
And Godfather won.
Carlo gets garrited by Clemens.
How do we want to put it?
Carlo gets it.
Everybody's getting it.
There.
Yeah.
Oh, hi, Clemens.
Hi, Carlo.
But I'm being that said just to put the garrits.
The elephant really knew what garriting was until I saw that.
That was an accident but nobody got hurt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, we never got to see Tessio get it.
We didn't need to.
See, there was a part of the greatness of that movie.
There were certain things they didn't have to show you.
So anybody who thinks that there was gratuitous violence in the Godfather,
there could have been a lot more.
For example, the montage when he kills the heads of the five families,
I mean, it was all very quick, you know, where it comes off the elevator and about
the gun to blazing.
And then when what's his name?
Barzini is walking up the, you know, coming down the stairs.
When he shoots a sheet all of his guards, all of his...
And he starts walking back up the stairs again.
Until this day, it was Barzini all along.
That Marlon Brando, man, there is a real piece of work.
It's so bizarre.
He's one of those people that you'll never be another one like that.
That's her dang sure.
A lot of people, you know, they have their imitators there, whatever.
Although I'll tell you, who did try to be like Marlon Brando and failed very
miserably, and that's Matt Dillon, who's always fancyed himself as like a young Marlon Brando.
You ain't no Marlon Brando.
It was in one good movie, though, Matt Dillon.
What was it, the drug movie?
Drugstore Cowboy.
Drugstore Cowboy.
It was good.
Even with him, and it was pretty good.
The train with Deborah Winger says, will, he says, right.
Barringer was the racist trans...
And that was the movie.
It was very good.
Mostly Zod sign occupied government.
He lived in your Paris Island South Carolina.
He was great in platoon.
Somebody to watch over me and shoot to kill.
Right.
We love Tom Barringer.
Good act, isn't it?
And wasn't he also, you'll be embarrassed when I took him, but also I think he was in, I believe.
Any in the cruisers?
I don't remember him in there.
Of course, I try to block that movie out of my mind.
With Michael Paré.
Yeah, through it.
Michael Pate.
Oh, let me just look it up.
Also, Tom Barringer was very good in at play in the fields of the Lord, which is a good movie where you get to see Olive Darryl Hannah.
Olive her talents.
Yeah, every one of them.
Even Valley.
Any in the cruisers, here we go.
Quite a blurb on here.
It says 1964, the band of poised for national success when singer Eddie addresses Carofa Bridge.
His body is never found.
Q, 20 years later, the inevitable cruisers revival.
And a rock and roll mystery ensues with renewed speculation over the singer's fate.
Over long live sequences of the band threatened to take over from the fairly reasonable story line, and relationships don't have the chance to develop.
Add to this the fact that the band sounds more like Springsteen than Bill Shannon.
It all seems a little unrealistic.
Close and settings too seem as strange as the anonymous, where it works in the present in the shape of a sharper rock and a various band members had made out of 20 years on,
would have made it more interesting out of the other.
Loki and despite the music rather like a Loki.
Loki and despite the music rather like a...
Now who's in it?
Tom Barringer.
Okay.
In fact, he's listed first.
Tom Barringer, Michael Parrey, Joel Panopthaliano, who I think is kind of George's and a public home of June.
Good day.
Matthew Lawrence, Helen Schneider and Ellen Barkin.
Wow, here that noise off back is Ellen Barkin.
Because she's a duog.
Anyway, it was a bad movie.
The Nazi, let's see, what to say, the Nazis at the end of the Raiders of Lost of Arc.
The Nazis at the end of the Raiders of Lost of Arc.
Milton Adams.
What is it?
They melt.
Oh, okay.
They fried them.
Well, the arc melted them.
Speaking of Nazis, what a great segue.
John Ashton writes in the moderate independent, go ahead, try and tell me they're not Nazis.
Am I going to have time to do this?
Because this is not one...
I don't want no interruptions.
No, no, I'm not.
I'm going to do the break.
I don't want no readers to interrupt this on this one if you catch my grip.
Mad Dog coming up at two o'clock, then the Humper at the Belmont.
Boy, this is going to be a great Saturday.
It would be a nice little change, a little...
You know, it's providing you that the world doesn't end between now and then.
Even George's all booked up about a triple-crown one, aren't you?
I'm sure of it.
I'm proud of it.
Not a bum yet at the world.
21 to 1 at 5.60, G-A-M.
We are Sports Radio 5.60 at G-A-M.
Jose Padea, let's see what's he got.
Elkata, bag on the other hand, he's got four thousands of all of these bad things.
The Scanners of the city, what an aura man.
Mad Dog, the crowd may not be great on camera.
You're in hate with the more trash.
I would say I feel great with the better way to raise that door you're in pain.
I'm currently not right because we hate them.
Or something that we know they did not do.
But you'll find a much the occupation.
Now we're all screwed.
Here's kind of a stoppage, Jesus.
A decade of dreams.
And while I come by far, blind to their face.
And those they get amazed.
That's where they're in a pile.
There was all that home in the city, Jesus.
While we were sweet all that straight, that's far too harsh.
In great legal apology for child.
Like the world you only bought in shorter.
Who else would please be called?
And it's coming to you.
You're like that, Bullbide.
I've been hurt like rubber on a ladder they've got.
Man, what exactly could you do?
So, Jose Fedia, they're going to have a press conference early.
We finally got one right.
Aren't you proud?
I'm thrilled and excited.
Now, Stephen had for a lot of personal interest that he sent the anthrax mailing dough.
And we ever catch the person who did that?
No.
And Osama Yamala?
No.
And Jose Fedia?
No.
I mean, whoever.
No, we were all morturing this to Dia Gai, where we probably.
In fact, he probably spent some time at Abu Ghar Reb.
Anyway, John, as asked in the moderate independent rights,
deemed whoever you wanted terrorists and round them up.
Locked them up without having to prove they even did anything for as long as you feel like
without letting them talk to a lawyer or even their own family.
Send them off to camps.
And then forget even the most basic human rights and morality and flat out,
torture these suspects.
The Bushland voyines have spoken, according to a just released ABC News poll,
most Republicans, 55% say physical abuse is acceptable.
And this number's not just bush-brained Republicans,
but all Republicans, including moderates, when you just pull out the pro-war bushies, it gets even better.
Among Americans who strongly feel the war was worth fighting,
have state torture was acceptable.
Have state torture is acceptable, not just abuse,
such as sleep deprivation, hooding, noise bombing, punching, kicking,
and sexually humiliating, no, that was what was considered only abuse in this poll.
No half of pro-war Bushland-Bob-Brand American say all out torture is acceptable.
Those who argue against comparisons between the current administration and its supporters
in 1930s Nazi Germany make the case that our present government
may be rolling over constitutional rights and launching offensive wars,
but they would never become as horribly cruel any moral as the Nazis did.
It was an upload our president made comments that led to death threats against
three innocent American women, primarily criticizing his policies.
Remember the Dixie Chicks?
It wasn't that up on, he passed an act that said he can discard all constitution protections at his whim,
merely by calling someone a terrorist.
No, it wasn't even enough when he set up camps, of course, just outside the country,
as Hitler did in Poland to keep the two nice against elsewhere.
No, none of these direct parallels were enough, and Democrats and Independents are not innocent either.
According to poll, 40% of independents think torture is acceptable,
and 27% of Democrats agree.
On the good news side, two-thirds of Americans' theme abuse
are acceptable in all cases, including 75% of Democrats,
and majorities of Independents and Republicans when moderate non-bushy paper public
are included opposed torture.
But come on, folks, 50% of Bush-Brandt-Pural war Americans think not just some abuse,
such as hooting, kicking, punching, sleep depriving, but flat out torture is just fine with them,
and not much less than half of Independents and Republicans are fine with it as well, torture.
And no, it doesn't even really matter who we're talking about getting tortured
or why they were awarded what they were not involved in.
As ABC reports, views on torture and physical abuse are virtually identical,
whether the targets are suspected terrorists or suspects in recent taxing in US forces in Iraq and Afghanistan.
So there you have that.
Not only don't they have to be known terrorists, they don't have to be suspected terrorists,
for these people to be okay with torturing them.
As long as someone, somewhere, feels like suspecting someone or something,
half the Bushies say it's okay to torture them.
As Independents, we have the moderate and independent, welcome a variety of views and readers.
We welcome conservative Independents, liberal Independents, Democrats, Republicans, Greens,
people of any beliefs, or partisan persuasion who are looking for news coverage
that puts truth in what is best for America above all else.
But we absolutely do not welcome anyone of any persuasion who believes that torture is acceptable.
You inhuman barbarian asses are no better than the terrorists scum we're fighting.
You're not Americans, but amoralist anarchists who don't believe in even the most basic of human rights or rules of law.
And as such, you are the lowest scum on the face of the earth, deserve to be given the treatment you can don for use on others if you're a breed.
You are Osama, you are Sodom, you are the Nazis period, no useful human being,
whatever condoned torture of anyone for any reason.
Yes, you claim the high roads, you can take the low road.
You claim to be good Christians, and then act without even the least bit of human dignity of morality.
Jesus offered up the other cheek you condoned, punching that cheek while the man is naked, wearing a hood,
and being forced to masturbate in front of growling dogs.
You claim to hate terrorists because they know operate by basic accepted rules of war and human rights,
and then you say you're just fine doing the same.
You claim to be one of the ones who can define and dictate American values and family values,
and then openly state that what you re-embrace are terrorist values, anarchist values, and in human torture values.
You knew the torture we were staring to find out about was occurring, and you were glad for it.
We told our readers that before, and now it seemed confirmed in this pool.
While ABC News reports all of this without alarm, we had moderate independent call Asian Air who one of you out as the unhuman,
un-American Nazi-like scum you are.
In our ranks, the two thirds of us who have basic human values, the mix of us from all political persuasions and parties who know that torture is never acceptable,
are here branded together, and make sure you lowly trash will no longer have a hold on the government of the greatest most moral nation ever to grace the face of the earth.
Bush brand, torture condoning scum, your days are numbered as we Americans join together to restore nation's good name,
and remove from power those who don't believe in law, morality, and basic American values.
Wow.
Too bad they didn't really come out and say what they were thinking, right? I hate it when they hold back.
Yeah, that should be read. Oh, you tore it up.
Oh, it's on our website every day. It's on our website. It's on our academic and academic and again, from the moderate and independent John Aston.
Great article right on target, tells it like it is.
Like I said, arguing with people who have closed minds, there's no difference. It's a religion.
The whole right-wing thing, man, that's why the religions are at the forefront of the whole deal.
And the rest of you who want to join on that bad bag of man, all I can say is heaven help the rest of us.
Oh, look at this. Here's a came out of the closet. It is the old dick chain.
Elegence officers and national security personnel could share information about potential threats.
The FBI and the CIA often failed to share critical information. And in some cases, the visions within...
Okay, this is Patriot X5. This is the moment when they come out and take your dogs and cats in your kids away and tap your phone and stick like little cameras in like number in the prisoner.
Right. Cameras in every room in a home. And instead of an immune system number, you have to be a lot of numbers though, I guess.
Steve Bushinney meets his end in the wood chipper, Fargo.
Okay. And speaking of that, what about it? And once upon a time in America, what about it?
That's when James Woods, what we didn't actually see it though, was it already...
We just saw the Zitz flying. Like that.
About a patch in focus. 5.67.0.5.60. That's a great movie. Just too long. And people are watching the patients who watch a 3.3.5 hour movie, especially the unexpected one.
Right. The original one. Kill a whole day for it on a boring weekend. You know? I have no idea. I have no idea. I have no idea.
Kill it all right. Yeah, in real. No, you don't like it? I liked it. It was too long. I'm going to tell us like twice try to get through it.
Come on. Tell us. Man. You do like noodles? I like noodles. Maybe if you had a little bit of a little bit of butter on it.
And an opium pipe. Let's see. What was the best movie Dead Scene of all time? Psycho The Shower Scene 75. They're just hanging on to that. Like crazy.
Genently. The Godfather. Siting gets it on the Causeway 67. Scarface. Chainsaw Scene in the bathroom 50.
Jaws. Robert Shaw gets eaten by the shark 46. Dr. Strangelove and Slim Pickens rides the bomb.
Unabamba 44. Stuff like it. Alien comes out of John Hearts test 43. American History. Extra curb stop in 24.
The Godfather more takes a bullet in the eye. Moe green 19. Casino Joe Pesci stepping with a pen 18.
Whenever did put color steps? What's his name again? Thomas. What was his name?
The Sicilian Godfather. Thomas. It'll come to me. It's done. Don't have a casino.
No. Don't have a casino. Was there real fight with a peg leg that got off by the Fony Prius with Neal Sounding Sun?
Yeah. Anyway, that's what we got so far. 56705 to 60. Count 560 on a 18 and see infrared in wireless line.
You know some seven-hour story about the Taser Gun on Low Girl for the last hour. Savin the best for last.
Go to QA and Hello.
It is. Be the George please. No, no chance.
Neal, you're picking me cold. Yeah. Yeah. Now I just heard you. Why do you want to speak to George?
I had a question about a song you played yesterday. Well, he'll tell you. He needs to be bashful. I have no problem with it. If it kills him, go for it.
No, it was an intro but she'll be too. Yeah. He meant. What is it? He meant so. A song that's not about any part of my body. He meant so.
I was sure it wasn't about mine either. Maybe my footprint. Is it like a great issue or something like that?
It's from the album. Sogno. How they pronounce it. Sogno. This is our goal. We're talking Italian now.
Yeah, yeah. So you don't know. Let's get with it. You're talking to the Italian Esperia. So you'll give it. I take you know.
If I say so, no, then he'll know how to start. So GNO. So no. So Gina.
Right. Thanks for the appreciate. No problem. Yeah. We'll get it. So you're playing Italian music yesterday. I played I played one but cell is on.
And now he's in the balance of the gangster rap song that I played just before it. I sure wish that everybody who goes to room with eating my favorite track to read their end of pizza plays across the street. Oh man.
It is just so outstanding. I know there's a lot of great restaurants all over Italy, especially in Rome. The food is uncomfortable.
I don't always people. I don't want to mention any names but all these people are giving us. Oh, our food is just like in Italy. No, it's not.
First of all, it doesn't exist here. They don't have the produce in America or in Canada. The produce doesn't exist because we don't have that rich old soil that make those right bread.
And then they don't have to be gas. You know, gas. Gas. That's right. Just like so many of the innocent victims were gasped in Europe during WW2 and all throughout. They don't have to be gasped. The mere people are too happy about it.
Yeah. They think life is a gas. No, but seriously, there's a track to read. What's the name of that street? It'll come to me.
I want to recommend for all our people to vote at Rome. This summer anytime. We write it down. I don't even know the name of the restaurant. I think it's called Traktoria Matriciana.
And it's right next to the Star Metropolitan Hotel. Just off the corner of the Via Vignale. And what's the name of that street? That's what that would tell us on. Come on, George. Oh, I'll think of it.
Not seriously. And right across the street is where the best pizza places in all Italy. S S S. Not S. Okay, you're laughing right now. It's got the real thin crust. They make it in the wood burning oven. It cooks in two minutes. It's so mom. Magnifico.
Sogno. 5 6 7 0 5 60. What a spick. WQ and hello. Yeah, this is Gabriel. I want to tell you what is it? Yeah, let's show you. Yeah.
I love it. Yeah. You see, is this a coming out of the announcement? Excuse me? How you doing, pal? Where you got nothing. I want to talk about the poll. Yeah. And what do you got?
This is the fire with Joe. You get beat up with the baseball bat. That was casino. Yeah, that was casino. You're school. What's the casino? I thought it was casino. I'm sorry. Anybody mentioned good fellows or casino? Yeah. Maybe that'll amuse you. It's okay for your brains out. Give us a loan with that crap.
Fine, I think I saw casino, but I don't remember the scene you'd be talking about. That's a long time ago. You beat him up into his brothers, cousins, something like that. It's just like alien. It's like the thing with Sigourney Weaver. I saw it at least a couple of times. I'm sure. But what year was that? Oh, 70. I don't know. 5 maybe. So, so let me ask you this. How come I remember like psycho? Maybe that's why like you said maybe you had your thumb right on it. Psycho was much and more greater impact. It stayed with you. You know, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
And, um, right, like in Alien, I remember the thing coming out of a signal or any Weaver. It's, but it didn't. But then why do I remember that? Maybe you jumped it. Did I dream it? It came out of John Hart. I thought it came out of Bob Weaver. In fact, I heard it smells like water. I heard it smell like it came out of Rick Weaver. I was just twenty oh five seconds. In William.
The world is your world!
History comes to life on the History Channel.
The youth is 1968.
Young men across America are ordered to serve their country and be a nom.
Starting tonight, the History Channel takes a historical and historical look back
as they reported to the draft board.
All right, listen up.
When I call your name, step forward to be sworn in.
Richard, change it.
Are you ready to serve your country son?
I'm sorry, pal, I've been better things to do.
Except those checks that took him to my gratitude.
Okay, who's next?
A rush.
This is real name.
Limbaugh.
Hahahaha!
Rush is the name, but you might know me as Jim Christie on KUDL.
Kudu has noodles of hits.
Here's a white boy with a questionable name.
B.J. Thomas.
Hahahaha!
B.J. Thomas.
Are you ready to serve your country boy?
What are you doing to this, my friend?
I'm one tough talking college dropout that charges my god,
given right to the fend it with my mouth.
Now if you'll excuse me.
You're not here.
No, no, no.
I'm not a fan of the world, man.
It's so big, I'm an even-dasted cleaner.
I'm a good-for-nothing.
Oh, I hate it, killer.
I am a treasured living like the white kind of a thing.
No!
No!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
101 at 560, it's her drug, and it wanted to.
So Jose Padeo, they're finding out one right.
Everybody turned out to be out kind of dirtbag.
All right, wanted to blow up buildings in the USA.
In the USA, guess who died?
I give up, hope.
In fact, we forgot to mention the two major deaths over the weekend.
Very, both died on Saturday, Archibald Cox and Sandhade,
of Watergate fame.
Oh, I saw the dashwood.
Archibald Cox, who was involved in the Saturday night massacre,
when Nixon told Elliot Riches in the fire,
and he refused to do it, and he fired Elliot Riches in,
and then they-oh, brother.
But he was not a crook, Nixon.
Oh, I'll be honest with you, Nixon was great compared to what we got now.
Yeah.
I said I would know reservations whatsoever.
So Sandhade, and Archibald Cox, both died on Saturday,
which was very unusual, and now, William Manchester,
author of popular biographies on Wednesday in Churchill and Douglas MacArthur,
and a chronicler of President Kennedy's assassination,
has died.
He was 82.
He died?
He had been in poor health, he recently suffered two strokes.
He died early today at his home, said Bill Holder,
spoke to him in a Wesleyan University, where Manchester was a professor emeritus,
kind of like what's his name in American beauty?
What's his name?
What's his name?
What was his name?
Professor American beauty, or a beautiful mind?
A beautiful mind.
Would I say American beauty?
Well, that's all the same, a beautiful mind.
What was Russell Crowe's character?
I forgot.
Ah, ah, see.
Anyway, let's see, here's the facts that says Tom Verger was also damn good and dogs of war
with Christopher Walken.
Pat Stomano's singing, I'm walking.
See, we don't want to hear facts, Domino anymore, like I told you.
So, Judge and Elvis, we've been too tough on the gang, man.
Yeah.
We take it all back.
No, I don't.
For your well, I do.
All right.
In his bank, well, that first of all, you didn't live through it, so what the hell do you know
about it?
I remember.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, right.
Tom played the keyboard guy and it in the stews who was called Tunesman.
John from South Carolina is correct about vanishing point, Barry Newman, Kleibon, Little and Dean Jagger.
Okay, you got that vanishing point?
Okay.
Says Kowalski, Barry Newman, X-Raceguard, Driver X-Cop, the Liters in 1970, Supercharge Dogs,
Challenger from Colorado to California.
Oh, I got nothing but coming up in a minute.
Along the way, Kowalski has flashbacks from his racing and police careers after two H-trackers
file a complaint against him he's pursued by the police.
Great chancings, Kowalski's got it by a blind DJ, Kleibon, Little Monter, Ring the Police
Radio's.
Kowalski turns off into the desert to decide what to do, naked motorcycle riding, chick pops up,
the police set up a roadblock California with caterpillar tractors.
After reflecting on his life, he accelerates short the tractors, but a Bing cult classic type movie.
So if you want to put that on your phone, if not, how about in the Hitcher?
Yeah.
Now, do we actually see anybody get killed in the Hitcher?
We just see Rucker Howard's finger in the fries.
So we see people, well, that's a good question.
No, we see the remains in the Volkswagen when he was hitchhiking.
We didn't actually see him kill anybody.
And we see the poor girl between the two trucks.
Yeah.
Right.
But we never saw anything really happen there.
About a scream in an hollering.
You're right.
So as much as we like to hit your, at least I did anyway.
Here's a thanks from somebody's chines hiding under the bed in Miami.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of Jose Padillo, one of your people.
At any rate, he had a little Latino in him.
Well, he was a little of this little vet, mostly a dirt bag.
I can't say a bag.
Concerning, Air America ran the admit it on the air.
The two of her pretext were missed.
I never thought Air America would last, but I did think it would make it to the election.
Randy will be back at J&O soon enough.
It says here, Gro was great in New York last week.
Unfortunately, he fought a pair of four years too late.
This Padillo looked like the John Doe number two sketch from the Oklahoma City Bombings.
Matter of fact, yes.
Hiding under the bed in Miami. Yes, he does.
How do you like that?
And remember what I told you about the Oklahoma City Bombing last week of the week before?
Yes, you said it.
I read a whole song in advance about how it just may have been that Nicholas was involved.
Three Nicholas was involved with Al Quayda.
How do we miss that?
How do we miss all of the obvious stuff?
All of these things.
Yeah, I don't get it.
Just somehow, somewhere, don't get it.
It's just like the child of a thing.
How many months about him screaming?
Everybody knew it. He was a crook.
He was an embezzler.
Yeah.
He was a low life dirt bag.
And now almost a week ago today or two weeks ago today,
they just got, oh, guess what?
We don't want nothing to do with him.
This administration doesn't know any nullity in bedblers.
He's given our secrets to Iran.
Well, 5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
The best movie, Death Scene of all time.
Don't forget tomorrow we got a gigantic day.
It's a short show because we got the ballgame pregame at 12.30.
But we got a big show tomorrow because we got those trends at 11.30.
We're going to give out numbers that haven't been invented yet.
We're going to give out fractions.
We're going to give out like, I think I'll read all the numbers for every station.
Maybe we'll like, maybe I'll just keep talking during the ballgame.
Maybe that'll wake that Dave Ann boring up a little bit.
So I guess that means Josh won't be there tomorrow.
That'll be correct.
That'll be correct because he's got to be over there like,
before each game he does a little routine for Dave Ann boring.
He's like a little son of a dance routine.
Clashes and things.
Come on Dave, wake up a little bit.
Pokes him in the ribs a few times.
He has him a couple of no-dose.
Man Dave, you are so freaking boring man.
Come on in, dozing up up and away as the foot would say my ass.
WQ Ann, hello.
Hi Uncle Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
I don't know if this death scene has been stagged because I just tuned in.
So my apologies in advance.
Okay.
The death scene with Leonardo DiCaprio and Titanic.
Oh, good.
Yes, when he thinks to the bottom of the seat.
All right.
That's a fun farewell.
As a matter of fact, now that is my favorite.
I didn't even think, but it's my favorite now.
All right.
Do you take suggestions for future polls or...?
Absolutely.
You can mean we would almost pay for suggestions for future polls or so desperate.
Oh, I'll do it for free.
It was just an idea I came up with, of how I'm listening to you and my Jewish background.
Oh, you know, your favorite Yiddish expression.
I mean, even the Gentiles love to...
Even the Glenn love by Yiddish.
They love to horn in on a Jewish expression.
You know mine, my thanks, so they are so much sugar.
Even the Glenn like Yeli.
I would just love to see Eric spelling some of them.
Okay.
So that's the future of future polls.
I know he's just full on that.
I'll be really exciting.
Have a great day sweetheart.
And happy to be with you.
I hate you.
Bye-bye.
I thought of doing that as a matter of fact was your favorite Yiddish expression.
I got like...
And what's that?
Yeah, talking off of the odd.
Can't say that one anymore.
We can't?
No, don't say it again.
567 has to do with Eskritori.
I call it a lot.
See, it's okay.
One thing if you people go on with your Spanish crap, you know.
But Jewish crap, that's a whole different ball game.
That's a whole different ball of wax.
It's a different ball of wax.
Only for Brookies doing it.
She's got a ball of wax.
Whatever happens to your babbling brook?
They keep watching me and there's a pizza.
I think she's the one that convinced me.
Don't do any more than personal appearances.
People are watching and there's a pizza lot.
They're like, da-da, here I am.
Da-da.
Like I knew who she was.
You know.
Like the day that Linsand will throw it up at the station with Ms. Farge.
And I had no idea who Ms. Farge was.
Because I'd seen him all the once in his life.
And that was also the pizza lot.
When he tagged along with Ms.
What's your name?
Lynn, Lynn, uh, Saint-Hole.
Remember that?
No.
Oh, you guys know I do.
I was there.
I just, uh, yeah.
No, but I'm talking about the day that she was in the studio.
And he drove her there and he said,
Oh, this Limer driver today, haha.
That's the day we went on to lunch.
That's the day we went on to lunch.
Who went on to lunch?
Me and him and her and Bocabright.
Ms. Farge, right?
He paid.
Well, he walked to his got all I Richard Mullen's scape money behind him.
I shouldn't eat that.
And there was a good lunch.
It was mighty wide of them to pay for it.
So I always see you're so easy.
All of a sudden he's got his violin.
I've been to your room or everybody you know.
I want you to say something good about him.
I said it was mighty wide of him to pay for it.
I didn't say anything else.
You didn't say anything good about her.
Somebody QA and hello.
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
I'm waiting for Neil.
Speaking to him.
Hey, dude, I got two for your poll today.
Two, okay.
All right.
How about Donnie and Cry?
Got it.
How about Sonia De Paul Busch?
Got it.
Oh, for two, man.
He's betting.
Oh, oh, oh, sorry.
Although I don't know.
Do we ever put the money in front of him or not?
I don't know.
We might have just mentioned it.
Did everyone on there?
We mentioned it.
And maybe it's slipped by Josh.
That wouldn't be the first time.
Of course, he's worried about going to the ballpark and they've all whipped up into a frenzy.
Come on.
Get excited, Dave.
I can't tell you what he does to get him excited.
Let's see.
I don't see it on there.
Body implied.
Huh?
Yeah.
Let's put it on there.
Well, let's put it on there.
Body implied.
Get there.
You're going to say, get there.
They get it.
And let's see.
We didn't put on.
I don't know.
There must be some other Godfather ones we did not put on there.
What would you put?
That Godfather is done.
Oh, my God.
Not done.
Not done.
Not done one.
The marker.
I can't think of that damn Godfather, 10 and Godfather's name at the color of the...
Nobody's called in by that.
Because nobody watched Godfather 3.
That's why.
That's why.
Just trying to forget it.
I see.
WDQA and Hello.
Eight years, you got Joe Pushing, Casino?
Yeah.
I'll tell you one of my all-time favorites was when E.I. Waller finally gagged on the canola.
That was...
I was going...
Oh, right.
I was giving myself high fives in the audience.
That's one for one of the...
When we do the porn, unnecessarily long death scenes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That one dragged on a little bit long.
Now the one I was really quick, thankfully, even though it happened too late in the movie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mary.
Bye-bye, Mary.
I stole a wave of...
I stole money on.
I stole a wave of...
I stole a kidney of E.I.
You lost, Mary.
And do something about that snows while you're at it.
Cool of somebody else.
WDQA and Hello.
Mary has kind of entered into a Mule Bowl.
Speaking.
You're speaking to him.
Oh, okay.
How about when Jerry Schmese gets it in reservoir dogs?
Never saw that.
Everybody tells me I should see it and I never got around to see it.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Phil.
Bye-bye.
Got it?
Got it.
Did you see that?
I did.
Yeah, we saw it.
We both saw it.
And...
Way over heights, I thought.
It's another quittin' turrentino.
Ah!
Like if you didn't like pulp fiction, let me just say this.
Pulp fiction.
Oh, that's better.
I didn't really have a problem with it.
I didn't think it was that bad.
I thought it was that blown.
People built it up to high heaven like they have with you.
And I thought, this is it.
Is that all of it?
It's like fiction.
You just don't know a squad if you don't like pulp fiction.
And guess what?
There's still eat mayonnaise on those fries in Amsterdam.
And John Travolta still makes me sick to my stomach.
Bye-bye, you local.
Come on, John.
You see some more school.
Come on, John.
You see it.
Jim Drug, whose name says it all.
Night of fact.
Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect.
Night of fact.
Isn't it time you experience side effects?
They cause loss of blood, loss of hearing, loss of virginity, vertigo, impotigo, impotence, and prison.
And shrinkage of the genitals, and large amount of the genitals, softening of the brains, softening of the stool,
loose tools, barstools, toadstools, huge free historic bats, sweeping out of the sky, eating your dog.
And halitosis, halibary, berry, berry, berry, nantelow, rectil bleeding, rectil numbness, numb nuts, chest pains, hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, small mouth,
small mouth, small mouth, or death.
Side effects is perfect for everyone, not intended for women who are pregnant, women who are men, men who are pregnant, children with dogs, children with dogs who are pregnant, the elderly, the young, kitty cat, Steve Perry, tadpoles, tadpoles who are pregnant and pregnant, and pregnant, and pauses.
Indus flavors like these.
Ask your doctor, a pharmacist, about side effects, and find out if it's responsible for the mysterious, postulent growth under your left arm pit.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
Dr. Beckham.
That would have said, damn it.
That's a nice service, you know what?
Damn good.
We're going to have them on as a sponsor or something.
That's a good deal.
Anyway, you asked, here's the story on this Jose Padilla, one of your people.
Jose Padilla, former Chicago gang member, now held as a terrorism suspect, sought to blow up hotels and apartment buildings in the US in addition to planning an attack with a dirty bomb,
radiological device, according to government documents.
And they just had a breathless press conference, only moments ago with the US deputy attorney general James Comey,
who started to look more and more like a young, young, young, young, ass-cock.
Did you see him on the screen?
Yeah.
Yeah, he looks like Ashkoff, who would like a makeover, and like some of that Reagan shoe polish in his hair.
The documents released by the Justice Department said that Padilla and now,
a kind of accomplice were to enter the US to Mexico or Puerto Rico.
Padilla and the accomplice were located as many as three high-rise apartment buildings, which had natural gas applied to the floors.
The government said, well, if they're coming from Mexico, they could have brought their own.
They would run two apartments in each building, see all the openings, turn on the gas,
and then they would have to make the building simultaneously later time.
Did I... how much he was involved in the Oklahoma City? You'll see.
All right.
Just remember, I'm the first one I told you, like I told you, also that off my chalibi was a crook against it.
The documents said Al-Qaeda officials were skeptical of Padilla's ability to set off a dirty bomb,
but were very interested in the apartment operation.
Top Al-Qaeda officials wanted Padilla to hit targets in New York City,
although Florida and Washington, these people were discussed as well.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
I'd like to have somebody come in your apartment building, some of you people listed in me right now,
and the lock-up hall of doors, see all the openings, turn on the gas,
it timers the light, blow up about a bing, huh?
Way to way to go.
Padilla was to conduct an internet search on buildings that had natural gas,
he'd open a bank account, obtained documents needed to rent an apartment.
The plot call for blowing up 20 building simultaneously,
but the idea said he couldn't rent multiple apartments under one identity without drawing attention.
Oh, sure. No problem.
I guess he didn't catch on too well, huh?
Just like Andrew Koonan.
I sure use your real passport, you're real named at the pawn shop. They're slow.
The FBI arrested Padilla, May 2002, as he returned from a trip to Pakistan.
The US government has designated him as an enemy combatant.
The Supreme Court is considering his case to determine whether government has the authority
doesn't the US citizen's enemy combatants, and it allows him quick access to lawyers or courts,
although his lawyers don't know him.
Sorry.
So basically that was just a work.
Is articulating and deraculating on CNN right now is his speech. He's deraculating.
Can we say that? No.
She's talking.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Psycho's 185, but the Godfather, Senate gets it on a causeway.
Let me see. What's the way it's worded again?
It's usually a two-out-the-audience for not understanding the question.
This is why I make sure how we are asked it.
What was the best movie death scene of all time?
Right. Not necessarily the scariest, but the most graphic, huh?
It was like the most disturbing, I think, is how we worded it the other time.
Are we dead? Or something like that?
We didn't do death scenes, did we?
Yeah. We did.
Come on.
Sure.
Get out of town.
Okay. Bye.
When that lady was very nice when she called and asked me about,
do we take poll suggestions?
I got this where when it gets to the point that Eric has to come up with our memorial day poll,
what color should Potato Salad be?
Yeah.
And George says, yeah, that's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
I mean, every single day, we have to go and build it.
Huh?
I wasn't going to do anything that had to be built.
You weren't going to build it up with Potato Salad or the poll.
Hope you put some onions in there.
And pickles.
I sound very honest with you.
I don't even like Potato Salad.
My mother has this obsession, this idea that I like Potato Salad.
Don't make it again. My I can't stand it.
It's boring.
It's boring.
Plus, it's all carbs anyway.
Well, I got a book and after the next break, I'll get any other room in my living room.
Okay.
That I think is the most, one of the most dangerous books ever written next to the Bible.
In fact, Shirley Tweeders and Tody Fields may have ghost written it.
It's about fat is okay and fat is not dangerous.
I got to get that book in a minute.
And of course, some of you people are always seeing you.
You see?
Yeah, I think that's okay.
That is okay.
You should know better than anybody.
Yeah.
Robert De Niro and the Untouchables to see with a baseball bat.
Got it.
We got it.
He asked the eggs exploding ahead in scanners.
Oh, that was good.
Didn't see scanners.
Oh, I love scanners.
Three of them.
You got the publics?
Yeah, that's it.
So that's the question.
What is the best movie that's seen in psycho one, the this magazine?
What else magazine?
Again, total film, July issue.
Got in Bible, kill some time.
Reservoir, dogs.
Somebody just suggested that before that I should be able to see the book.
And it definitely goes to see what I want.
Definitely to go by it.
Right.
Go ahead.
You know, what do you mean?
You're the one I think.
Tell me not to give it.
And if it's anything at all like Pulp Friction, I don't have that much time to waste.
I don't have much time left.
And much more boring.
But what do I know?
Yeah, Pulp Friction was so that was strictly a sued thing.
Real sued with Lexus.
Oh my god, Pulp Friction.
That was such a great classic work.
Work a crap.
Well, let me put it this way.
Nothing but gratuitous violence all throughout in between the enane ramblings of John
Travolta.
Reservoir, dogs, is ten times as foolish and ten times as boring.
And I didn't need to see Pulp Friction to find out that they put mustard on their,
they put mayonnaise on their fries and answer that.
I already knew that.
Okay.
For those people, those of us who get around a little bit, we already know a little bit about life.
Okay.
As opposed to those, I have no life.
Like that.
In addition, which who gives up flying crap if they put mayonnaise on their fries because those fries are going to kill you anyway?
Yeah.
French fries.
Because did you know that Zeke was a redneck rapist?
No, I couldn't care less.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
Is it Neil show?
Yes sir, speaking.
Oh Neil, come on.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
It's been seven years Neil.
As you want to catch it.
You warned me first.
Is it George?
No.
No.
Seven years for one.
Oh, Neil, this is Neil.
I'm sorry.
George was interrupting me.
So when he sent in this George, he's in there too.
Now what were you just saying George?
I said how you do?
Oh Neil.
No, you warned me about moving to a Yahoo country.
I moved to Fort Maris seven years ago Neil.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
And you told me not to.
I'm one of your darker compression listeners.
And you said you asked me.
You asked me.
You said what the hell are you moving there for?
And I said you know for a different lifestyle where you're right.
It is Yahoo country.
Oh, it's a different lifestyle.
Yeah.
You want to be in pretty good shape right now.
I wonder why you were probably being over there.
Oh, but listen, I have one recommendation for you.
You remember the death scene in Apocalypse Now with Kurtz with Martin Sheen?
The horror?
The horror?
George does.
Yeah, that's good.
Oh, you never thought of moving Neil?
I watched the beginning.
I've told you this a million times.
I just can't get into it.
I watched the first 20 minutes and so more, but I just almost fall asleep.
I go into a coma.
Okay.
Wow.
But he is right.
There's nothing like a small and neat comment in the morning.
Okay.
Okay.
Good talking to you.
Welcome back, pal.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You too.
See, there's a guy with seven years of an area came back to South Florida.
That's a good message.
You know, for a lot of you listening out there, as much as a lot of us are nauseated with South Florida,
and believe me when I tell you, I'm very honest about that.
It's just a horrible place.
But you move to Fort Myers, and you'll come running back and say, hey, this is paradise.
Maybe most on the Sun.
Absolutely.
Paradise.
Everything is relevant, you know?
South Florida is just a very, very frustrating place, and I'll say it again.
It could be just paradise for real if it weren't for the people.
It is, I mean, the climate in the summertime is a little on the sticky sides of what is 98 today.
Oh, you were telling me about the rain in this crack.
It was going to like, uh, let's say that.
I don't know.
I mean, how the hell would we know?
How the hell would you know what?
Oh, you have no windows.
Well, I want to get on a radar again.
This is a new thing with me.
I mentioned it.
I don't know why I haven't done this before.
I mean, I've done it, but I never really paid that much attention to it.
For checking the weather radar, like for example, here, for some strange reason in Toronto,
it can be the weather in Buffalo is a thousand times worse.
And there can be rain in Hamilton and Niagara Falls all around.
And for some reason, we don't get anywhere nearly as much.
It seems to like bypass, you know?
Maybe it takes like a litmus test and finds all the fruit flies out there in the streets.
Oh, let's not go here, okay?
Let's go rain and pee on somebody else.
But, uh, so I, like a lot of times, I'll just go, well, I'll see you on the radar.
Maybe another 20 minutes is all going to be over to rain, whatever.
And then you know what to go outside when the coast is clear.
So you want to say what do you say?
I don't know.
I just like to weather radar.
It's really neat.
You can put it in motion and put the motion in your, uh, task at hand.
And it's not bad.
Don't let me forget to get that fat book.
You're going to, you're just going to plot when you hear the premise of this book.
Fat is not bad, that it's all propaganda, the fat, big fat lies, I think is what it's called.
WQA and hello.
Hello, it's Neil there.
Speaking.
Hey Neil, I don't know if you have this on your pole, but one of the favorite things of mine was,
one flew over to Cookers' past after Jack Nicholson guys left the bottom of me and she put the pillow over his face.
Right, the pillow.
The pillow.
That's how it was really out.
It was pretty heavy duty, you're right.
If it was.
That's it for me though.
Thanks, Paulie.
All right.
Ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, that's the long center.
Cookers' nice Jack Nicholson gets mother.
How have you want to put it on there?
Hello, scene.
Hello, talk.
What do you want?
Chief, why you slice some of a bitch?
Mm-hmm.
And he was too in juicy fruit, except I was going to put this in the seafood.
What do you say after one?
Did he say juicy fruit or is it good?
He said good.
He said juicy fruit.
You see the word, juicy fruit.
Hmm.
You slice some of a bitch.
And the interesting thing about that was that he was in Evolencearily, the chief.
And there were a couple of the other people.
Wasn't Cheswick in there, Evolencearily?
Oh, it didn't Cheswick just die?
Yes.
The guy that played Cheswick, he was great.
Well, what?
I think I was misratchet.
That was a big scene when he found out was that most of the people including Billy,
the big, the big, the big, the big, the big, the voluntarily.
Right.
Right.
Most of them were not committed.
Anyway, in his case, he was.
He was.
Well, that's a great movie.
Anybody wants to see one full over the cookers nest?
Please.
Before you die, before they stick you in the ground, got to see that.
It is magnifico.
27 after one at five, 60 WDQM when you shop for quality food, where you speak,
probably taking naturally right to brand these because it's been around so long.
They do all the things right.
They give you great prices, fantastic selection, personal service.
The people who work there know your feet like I always tell you just by the aroma,
which could probably put them in a coma, but they put on a good act.
If Brandy shoes the best men's and women shoes the best names like Rock Ports,
Floreshime, SAS, Sparer, Timberland, Naturalizer, all the other top names,
and they got so many in stock, whatever you're looking for, I'll bet Greg's life on it exactly.
What you need is in stock in your size on the show.
Brandy's is open daily, 9 to 9, Monday to Saturday, every Sunday, they're open 10 to 5,
and you'll find them in a great same place that they do in it right for years and years,
1290, North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach, always with a trip to Brandy's.
And this week, all this week, it's a great time to buy sandals.
Give great savings on men's and women's famous brand sandals,
so come in to the store or check out for more information on their website at brandyshews.com.
More videos from BrandyShews.com
For a lot of they talk little boy.
If you're a stupid eater, why supreme is this?
You know that the forces pulling the strings in the government are closing down on all those great websites
we've become a ghost too.
Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on.
So now is the time to join the Nazi of the most good.
For just 899 a month, you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi,
Pastor Pryzen, the particular group C-Hate, and any subversive activity they may be planning.
So no matter what the racial, religion, or ethnic group you hate,
Nazi of the most is right up your alley.
Just call 1-800-SPIN-HED to order.
Order today and get your very own synthetic elf mustache to pressure friends absolutely free.
That's 1-800-SPIN-HED to order today.
It's alive, I am not, but not safe.
Nice to trip you, I mean, that bit.
1-32-5-60 WDQ-AM.
So anyway, I was gonna play because of the family few music playing in the background.
I was gonna play the theme, but I don't have it.
At least I don't have it on this disc.
Oh, this is bad.
These must be the bad for the intro fans.
Oh.
Oh.
I guess it was different than the $10,000 permit had a slightly different theme.
I mean, the same thing, but just done a little bit differently than the $25,000 permit.
It's not a different, little old.
Yeah, I think it's dependent on how bad bulls who...
Yeah, Bill Cullen was limping that day.
That's bad. Bill Cullen had a wooden leg.
Well, you're not.
He had polio as a child, he walked with a bad limp, but he never wouldn't leg.
You had sensitive bastards.
What? Well, I thought I read that somewhere.
And of course, you'll notice on the game show, on the game show network.
You never see him walk like from the podium over to...
You never see that.
Any time he's got to move from point A to point B, that's when they go to commercial.
Or they take a shot of the wall or something like that.
Okay.
What is going on over here?
Did you hear that?
I'll see if mine had been that disc. It might be me.
It might be this...
By the way, Alan Loven, the room where I just got as a cheat still dead.
Alan Loven and Betty White, that was kind of amusing.
I went from right down to it.
Anyway, if it sounds like I'm randomly getting this, because I...
And let's see, why are you accepting the government's assertions about Jose Podilla?
He may be guilty as hell. I don't know any of you.
Did I say I accepted I'm reading the news story from CNN that said the government says?
So what's my name?
Talk about a bunch of touchy people.
All this is from Mark again, chronic Mark.
See, he's off his feedmark because he facts that stuff last week that was a bunch of cock-up.
Hey, Mark, just relax, okay?
What I do know is that the government is chosen to try and buy press conference instead of giving the trial by jury,
notwithstanding the fact they've had him in the bag for over two freaking years.
Our esteemed justice department must have destroyed people through the press that they previously accused,
but can't make a case like Canfield the Enterprise Scholar, which I just mentioned moments ago.
Whatever Podilla's guilt, the government should shut their F up and make their cases in court not in press conferences.
But why, why did this say I'm accepting the fact? Who said that?
I don't know, maybe the other facts are ahead of the point.
He looked just like Suspect No. 2 there.
Yes, he did.
No, but on the city. Remember that?
It was just like him. He's the spit and image.
But wasn't he, you see, I hit the right thing.
He was the idiot mark by bleeding liberal Fred, but the fact of the matter is,
and spread the fact that we have more and no more justice in America,
and it's all a bunch of crap with kangaroo courts and courts and trials in the media.
And spread that fact. There actually are some evil doers out there.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
Yeah, Mark wasn't he being held in Gitmo, Podilla.
He said he'd like to get more.
Oh, speaking of that, so here's this book.
Big fat lies updated this role as it's written by Glen A. Gasser, PhD.
Now see back in there, I would have played some sounds with him, Bellashad,
a little bit, but I can't do that in a moment.
Glen A. Gasser, PhD.
Here's proof. I'm reading from the O'Jacket.
Proof that this is a paperback piece of crap.
That people can be overweight and still fit and healthy.
And this is guys, not even a medical doctor who is a PhD.
Well, anybody can be a PhD and write a book.
See, this is the problem with all this dieting crap.
Number one, nobody really has the answer.
And number two, a bunch of non-medical people write garbage like this.
Dr. Gasser presents updated evidence that people can be fat and fit.
There's no connection between fat clock arteries and obesity.
There was not necessarily healthier. That's what Karen Carpenter said too.
Good body fat protects you from heart disease.
You can achieve your natural weight without dieting and dieting can cause weight gain.
No Schmidt.
Here's a professor of exercise physiology and faculty advisor to the Cardiovascular Health and Fitness program
at the University of Virginia.
He's the author of three books, Elective Extensive, including Appearances on No.1 TV programs.
Also been widely quoted in sub publications as New York Times,
Lost the Year and Will, and Newsweek.
How do you like that? Glen Gasser, PhD.
Big fat lies. Believe you may. Anybody that says fat is healthy, it's swishful thinking.
All right? Full of crap.
Especially fat and diabetic.
But you know, I have a good idea.
I know all about it.
So don't buy that book.
Now, officers' taseries used a nine-year-old girl.
Here's a wonderful story.
Even though it was actually a stun gun, but whatever.
Same difference.
I'm stunned that you're so obsessed with that, okay?
Nobody really cares about that.
Now is not the time to make a nitpicking with that.
Because it's above and beyond the significance of the story.
Equally unacceptable.
A veteran south Tucson Police Arge in center investigation for firing his stun gun to subdue a handcuffed nine-year-old girl.
In addition, which way you don't understand is that the headline isn't written by the same person that wrote the story.
Right?
So the person that wrote the headline is the real hole who didn't understand the difference.
Anyway, at the request of Chief Sifsto Molina, the PMC out-of-share department is trying to determine if the sergeant committed a crime.
And he said a joke through the child's body.
The police officer used a taser on a girl about 5.30 pm.
May 8th, Molina said.
The non-leaf ol' weapon uses a pulsating electrical charge to immobilize the person for several seconds.
I'd be the first to admit you got a veteran sergeant, taging a nine-year-old girl.
It doesn't look like Molina said.
I wonder if he's came to Victor Molina who used to ride a cauldron Gulfstream.
The sergeant was one of the least two officers who responded to a call from the Arizona Children's Home, a school for a special needs showruns out eighth Avenue.
It had to do with the runaway from the institution that you've said you'd be trying to provide for the details.
The school couldn't be reached for comment.
But Molina said the facilities asserts a frequent calls to a 25-person department.
Molina said one officer initially responded to the call from the school.
The officer requested assistance from another officer, specifically asked that the second officer bring a taser.
He said the girl was handcuffed as the time the weapon was used.
The sergeant who used the handheld taser rains on duty is named as it being released.
While the investigation's underway, it doesn't involve an integrity, as Molina said.
The officer made a decision to do what he thought he needed to do.
Handcuffed a nine-year-old girl and then used the taser, the stun gun, whatever you call.
But I've been... yeah. See if this doesn't do the job sweetheart.
Wow. Well, whatever she did, I guess you won't be doing it again soon.
I told you to recover.
5670560, £560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM, hello.
Oh, juicy fruit. That's the quote. Uh-huh, juicy fruit.
Uh-huh, right. Michael Douglas is first the rectorial baby you.
What are you doing, a human voice? Can you believe that?
I'm shocked and dismayed. Yeah, what are you doing and try to try to join the human race? What is too late?
I have no line. I know, we know that. That was shocking. Amazing to me.
Besides, actually trying to contribute something to the program, speaking about something we're talking about.
It goes to show you maybe we're in somebody's people or in rehab.
Oh, yeah. Wouldn't that be something, huh? I don't think so. Don't hold your breath.
Line 9, WQAM, hello. Yeah, I want to pull my two cents in with Neil.
To right ahead, you're speaking to him. Oh, Neil.
You know, you're talking about somebody's diet books. You remember that local guy, Dr. Robert Haas, years ago, each to win.
And all he wanted you to do was eat carbs. Really? Yeah. North County Beach Kid.
Never heard of him. Oh, okay. Good book. Well, what do you mean how he went? But not refined carbs.
Uh, at last, we've not. It was all complex carbs.
Can I get like Harvey and Marilyn Diamond? That's fit for life stuff.
Yeah, kind of sort of. Um, I lost 70 pounds doing that trick. Did you really?
And then it was John McDougal who had that rice, uh, fetish that I just have all those people on my show years ago.
And I'm still fat as a pig. So you're not. I'm not. I'm not. I live out of state now. I live at San Antonio.
And I met you with E-Mac and Bolios if you can remember that part. Sure.
And you were sitting on the on the on the in the Doctor of Bay. Yeah.
And, uh, oh, sure. Oh, yes. And standing every one's right. But I'm sorry.
Anyway, um, I don't think anybody's mentioned, uh, from the movie Starface.
Look at you now. They're, uh, they're riding the car. They're getting ready to put a bomb and, uh, they don't want to bomb the kids.
We know how to label it. Don't worry. Okay. Al Pacino says, look at you now.
All right. Thank you, Lotta. All right. Have a great life. You two boys.
E-Mac and Bolios. Those are the days, man. On the Z day today's wow. That was really something on an FM on a real radio station.
Well, I'll tell you the numbers we had back in those days. Sure. Dwarf the numbers that some people got now.
Pulley. Yeah. And now what's the excuse going to be now that Stern is off and south Florida? What's the excuse?
And if you tune in late, now, Carmesan resided the C E, whatever he is of a biocon. He's done. He's out. He walked away.
And Stern has been threatening that if Carmesan leaves, he'll, he's going to walk. I've been searching all day on the internet to see if there's anything further about that.
Because you would have thought, although I don't really know if Stern is on a lot of a reason vacation or what the deal is, you know.
Because you would have thought if somebody's talking a big game like that, that the day they announce Carmesan's leaving, it's like, okay, guys, pick up all your goodies here and get your briefcase. Let's get out of here.
What do you say? But then of course you can't continue up milking it for all its worth and all the publicity.
19 till two, because you know, that's so disturbing because even Muff said to me this morning that over the weekend he was talking some friends or whatever about the whole, the, the showing of speech on a radio thing.
And they all think it's about how it's Stern. If Howard Stern disappeared from the face of the globe tomorrow, wouldn't be a little, any, any different as far as what this government is doing to us, to all of us.
And the people have already been canned because of it. 18 till two at 2 a.m. spring of the savings. Oh, this is the wrong spot.
But that spot's coming up in the next spring.
That's just a little freebie there for our friends at Armstrong, Toyota, Homestead, because Fatboy does a good job for them.
Nice going fat boys about time to get off your ass and did something. Let me tell you instead about dry concepts right now.
We've been talking about them for a long, long time at this town over 20 years. Nothing's changed. They're still the best in the business.
When it comes to having your carpeting, your furniture or draper clean, the only name to keep in mind is dry concepts because nobody does it like them.
There should have five technicians. You can trust in your home, they'll dry clean your carpets. Same idea is dry clean, you're clothing the stains go away and they don't come back.
They wear those five 95 for room scams because believe you mean that's the scam has been going on for a long time.
And don't dry concepts, no scams, no games they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the job.
And dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique so your carpets are drying just an hour and a half to so you really can clean today and still entertain the night.
And right now they're offering you an extra 15% off, they're already low price. When you call dry concepts, be sure and come you want to be on their stand by list, which can save you even more money off the already great deal.
Here's their toll free number is 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071, they've been doing in town since 1979. Nobody comes even close to the job they do for you.
Dry concepts call toll free 1-800-248-5071.
And law, this is for trail-fighted, and for you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and
or you, but you're'In My Christ That was The Order Of All, oh, Yes!
Is this theession of God? It's Right O'er Put H Tä Wea Lying Itmak's應, In It solchen
Is He' On You, In Holy The又? It's Without Jupiter, My Son?"
The bombs are still the bombs are still the bombs still
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
I'm not taking too long up there, I'll take picture below water
So forget to pick up ill, now she's got it, don't take
Take until the night ain't short, the boring food is all
But since you're gonna do it, don't come down on the shelf
The bombs are still the bombs still, can't keep it in the ground
The bombs are still the bombs, who exists for commands?
The bombs are still the bombs, who's behind them?
The bombs are still the bombs still the bombs are still the bombs
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
The book is getting higher, yeah
A creeping city, of ye..
Ake!
Ake!
Ake!
Ake!
Ake!
Ake!
Aup, the bombs are still the buildings in the ground
The bombs are still the trouble.
Inex75 replacement assistant
Ame!
UAZ really has access.
Ame!
Bme!
Bme!
Bme!
abe!
Bme!
B麼!
And for our presidency too, federal judges still want to go to create a partial birth abortion
ban act unconstitutional, saying the measure infringes on a woman's right to choose.
The ruling applies to Planned Parenthood clinics and their doctors to perform roughly
half an nation's abortions.
U.S. District Judge Carlos Hamilton Zoolink came in one of three lawsuits challenging
the legislation that abortion rights this unlast year.
The act poses an undue burden on a woman's right to choose an abortion she wrote.
Federal judges in New York and Nebraska also are challenges to the law earlier this year
but have yet to rule.
Abortion rights advocates expect a showdown over the new law of the Bush administration
at the U.S. Supreme Court and of course we know what's going to happen there don't we?
In 2000 by a five before majority of the Supreme Court struck on an abrasively term abortion
prohibition.
The law was unconstitutional because of which two broad made no second for the House
of the mother but that was before we had the kind of correct level see the kind of climate
atmosphere that we have in America today if he cures my drip.
Abougar rape right.
In fact that's where we're going to be sent out all the abortion doctors.
We're going to send them all to Abougar rape and slap their ass in the shape.
Psycho the shower scene and psycho the best death scene the most the best movie death
scene ever psycho 94 Godfather Sonny gets out on the causeway 79.
Scarface chainsaw scene in the bathroom 77 I hear when that happens.
Jawas Robert Shaw eaten by shark 56 alien alien comes out of a Sigourney Weaver's chest now 56
I just made it up.
Dr. Strange love the rides the bomb some pickens does 52.
America has to react to curb stop in 31 the passion of the crisis you skill Jesus.
Oh my God.
22 the Godfather motace a bullet in the eye.
Wow they didn't enjoy that.
Absolutely.
Oh casino Joe peshy stabbing with a pen 19th at that point I stopped anytime we get
back to Joe peshy it would have been a good pull to the inform for the Joe peshy and
good fellows and casino stuff you know.
Well what do you ever do to you.
He amused me.
I'll like a tool to be for you know is he's always the same character you know he's
a one trick pony man always the same WQA and hello.
Neil yes sir.
How are you doing today great sensational.
I was going to suggest because it's for your poll but I guess it's kind of late but
I'll throw it out the rain.
No I still can because it'll be on the other way anyway.
How about Charlton Hesson's reputation dying at the end of bowling for column.
That's my favorite.
How about for that.
I thought that was great.
I was going to suggest maybe we can set a stop car line and maybe we can let Oklahoma
and Texas to feed and they could be the Christian Republic and they can make Walmart the official
retailer the Christian Republic.
You son of a bitch.
I think you got to talk a little upset.
Thanks a lot pal.
Hey Neil.
Good choice.
Yeah.
Bowling for column by.
Oh look at how the time get away from this like this we need another three four hours
today.
We're just getting low.
This is good.
We made it up for tomorrow.
I got the long show tomorrow.
It's going to be a little bit like really an hour and a half show or pretend you do two
and a half hours tomorrow but then the trends come out at 11.30 so that'll kill a good hour
there.
I guess I'm going to even read numbers like this.
Just have a decimal point in front of me like Fox Sports for example or like maybe even
Mr. Eagle has a little tiny number.
That's what I heard.
You know who told me?
Little Brian told me that.
Anyway with a heat of summer here now and I was a great time to get out of that car.
You've been driving get into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota of Homestead on
US one twenty minutes south of the 36 it's well worth the drive because they're going
to save you thousands on new Toyota's and with rising gas prices maybe you want to
car with more fuel economy the legendary Toyota Corolla can be risk for just 119.90 or
lease it for just two or nine a month.
Need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate how about the Toyota Echo
lease prices just one ninety nine.
Need to truck the V6 Toyota.
Tumber regular can't can be leased for just two thirty nine a month.
Looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRS and Solarir convertible
now in stock at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead it's locally owned and operated.
They treat you like family and they're committed to making you a happy camper.
Their service departments even open late to late we'd next to make sure they get all
your work done for you and Armstrong Toyota homestead was the first to do off your
free tires and batteries for life now.
They're the first to offer your free replacement parts for life.
You heard me right tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else even thinks about
doing that.
So I waste time and gas driving all around town of those mega dealers who always let
you down just so you are good buddy David Richardson.
He's the GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead today for an unbeatable deal for real.
Armstrong Toyota of Homestead US one and two ninety third street in Homestead twenty
minutes south of the A36.
Drive a little and save a lot and that new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam
and
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
for
the
for the
a win by 15 lengths you watch.
That's my prediction.
I wanted to do this story last week and never got around to it.
I'm so glad it's in my pile today.
I got piles.
Judges sees little evidence to support antirax vaccine.
I guess the bear people can't make any more money out of it now, so why bother?
A federal, they're all for the, a, a cipro, right?
That's what they were peddling cipro.
Yes.
A federal judge said yesterday had significant doubts about whether the federal government
has enough scientific evidence to show that the antirax vaccine required for military
personnel either safe or effective.
Oh my God.
U.S. District Judge, M.A.G. Sullivan will decide in coming weeks whether to halt the defense
departments mandatory antirax vaccine inoculations.
Also criticized the government's review of the vaccine is one of the most jumbled, confusing
processes he had ever seen.
What a surprise, huh?
You got a bunch of liars and crooks and gypsies, tramps and thieves running our lives and
a public sits back like, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move,
look like that.
Sullivan made his remarks in a hearing on a lawsuit filed in March 2002 by six anonymous
members of the U.S. Military said the vaccine posed health threats that had not been sufficiently
studied.
It's quite, it's on our website somewhere like in the, uh, entrails in the archives.
It's on her.
And it's while we're taking a few cases.
So if it ain't the agent orange, it's going to get you to the antirax vaccine.
And I'd love to say that by helping next to Huproot 4, Marlon's baseball six to the
