Oh
Abu gha' Abu gha' Abu gha' Abu gha' Abu gha' Abu gha' Abu gha' Abu gha'
Abu gha' Abu gha' Abu gha'
He's right with Lumberjail
Oh
And I'm here
This is the
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
I'm gonna change the face of sports radio
Because now I'm the voice of the
Pantses
And an elephant of moderate radio
Oh boy
Yeah
I get likes to do here like that
Talked to the same three callers about sports
And sports
And sports
I even got lots of hilarious comedy things
Coach, coach, coach, coach, I'm a coach
And
Radio
Maybe I was a little out of light
The things I said, it like that.
It was, and I'm not gay.
You are right now, in an orphanage.
That big fat old guy they stuck me with kisses me like they used to do, but he's not you.
That's so sweet. You make me almost want to come back with you.
Gildy. Yes, but they, my life, was filled with joy.
Gildy.
And now I'm stuck when I go out of love and you're going,
You're my best sidekick and foil.
I miss how you talk like a girl.
Gildy. Yes, but hold you.
I miss you.
Oh, oh, oh.
That's it, I'll come back to my TV.
Oh, oh.
I ain't worth getting snacks on a show that's being held.
That doesn't mean you have a good time.
Well, you're waiting on the unemployment line.
Well, you have a little man call me a woman.
I'll tell you what the fuck.
You're gonna pay me.
1003 at 560 W.J.A.
I'm happy a Thursday to it.
It's a great day for us because we're off at noon.
Why are we excited about that?
Look at for some nasty thunderstorms in the Cincinnati area.
And that doesn't happen to be a domed stadium because I checked it out already, Josh.
What is the name of that stadium?
Great American ballpark.
Nobody cares.
Right.
I was thinking about this while I was in the shower showing you how old I'm getting.
Just about every like Pittsburgh used to have Forbes field.
Then it was three River Stadium.
Now it's whatever the new one is with nobody's going there because they still think.
Since then, it used to be a cross-leaf field.
Then it was Riverfront Stadium.
It was one of those cookie cutter stadiums that they all looked like.
And now they got this piece of crap, the great American fraud.
Every few years, oh, we got to have a little ballpark.
That's gonna do it.
Does it do it?
No.
No, but it flees a lot of money out of the public coffers.
Bad news to get started.
We'll get out of the way because the propaganda machine doesn't want you to hear this.
Three more US Marines killed in action today.
Yesterday, West of the Iraqi capital, US military said.
A statement from the command said the deaths occurred in the Ann Bar province while conducting security and stability operations.
No further details were released due to the security of the statement added.
So that number has got to be right around 800 now, doesn't it?
Right around there.
Right around their giver take.
But who's counting?
And about none of the people.
I just wonder what the number has to be, you know.
To get the people just foaming at the mouth.
And anyway, our poll yesterday, we had a number on there that was bogus.
And of course, when it's bogus, see, I have an automatic buzzer alert on my computer here.
We went a whole bunch of bogus of votes come in because Mr. Ego,
and I was not appropriate that somebody would call Mr. Ego,
had all these people pumping in those phony votes.
And he went from like 18 votes to 150 faster than you can say.
That, yeah.
Thank you, and Jeldie can let another one of those.
So we consulted with the judges and they said, you know,
and this is only the second or third time and all the polls we ever taken.
I mean, we've had a lot of people did with our polls, so to speak.
But we've never had to remove.
But just before the show, just like,
his name and those votes popped right off the poll.
Now, I'm sure that some of his sickle fans will be calling it,
oh Steve Neal took your name, he's so jealous.
Yeah.
I'm so jealous that I can't buy my way into a radio station
and nobody ever heard of before with about 40 old talkers listening,
but nevertheless, too bad Steve,
because he had really about the 18 votes and probably would have wound up with,
I would say, legitimate votes.
Dr. Neal.
He's off the poll.
What morning radio showed you listen to most before 10 a.m.?
That was our poll question.
Joe Rose, 399, in fact, now is it 402 that I take a peek of running a monitor there?
402, that incredible or what?
We'll take it.
Huh?
That's good.
What do you mean we'll take it?
He'll take it.
It's a lot more than...
Howard from Boca.
I'll tell you that.
We'll get to him.
He's down to list.
None, 395.
We got almost 400 people listening to the show.
Don't listen to the radio before 10 a.m.
Wow, we should get some kind of a gold star and purple jelly bean for that.
NPR 366.
You see, we do have people out here who give a flying crap about what's going on in the world,
which I think is something.
We just have a bunch of mouth breathing idiots.
Those are the callers.
The intellectuals out there, they're busy listening.
They have a life.
They don't have time to be calling.
The people call...
I have no life.
They have a problem.
Most of them.
Look at this.
We had quite a battle going on there.
Bob and Tom, 139, and Paul and Old Ron, 133.
Now, the interesting thing about that is they probably would say,
well, that's pretty close.
He has pretty close except for the fact that Bob and Tom aren't even on in Dayton-Broward County.
That's the amazing part.
If you live in Palm Beach County or maybe in North Broward, you can hear it.
What is that station around?
The Gator?
Right.
They must be greater.
And they probably, through it like to throw a rotten tomato at Paul and Old Ron.
But anyway, they beat him out, which is astonishing.
And of course, if Chief Channel would have had any brains, they would have probably
schmitcanned Paul and Ron and put Bob in the time on there.
I'm big 106 had a number.
But anyway, more Howard David only 61.
That's a disgrace.
Absolutely.
That is weak.
I mean, you go from 133 to 61.
Francisco Arruca had 43.
That's pretty good.
You know what?
For God that most people who speak English never heard of before.
And he does speak English.
He's on a Waxi 790.
Glenn Beck, rhymes with Todd Dreck, had 42.
Another one of those, Chief Channel cookie cutter, right wing rush wannabes.
Oh, and speaking of rush, I got some shocking news about Iroamerica.
Maybe we were all wrong.
You know what?
Maybe we got sucked in by the propaganda machine.
It's possible.
I got an amazing story in a minute.
But anyway, Glenn Beck 42, Lexington Terry 35.
If you want some Red Necky advice, just call up Lexington Terry.
And they'll make you sound just like Mary.
Tom Joiner had a.
About third man.
He's the hardest working man in Chobius, man.
Tom Joiner.
He's the fly jock.
Isn't that his thing?
He's the hardest working minister.
Show me.
Yeah, he's the fly jock.
He flies.
Unlike some who float.
Anyway, WRFX Dan Silio, who's syndicated out of Orlando, piped in on a fox's sport, such as it is 24.
The coast 22.
Even with Johnny Dark not working there.
And of course, did we leave that off of there?
What is it?
Two young Jews, two live, whoever they are.
Two the two sisters, whatever we call it.
Something.
Why 100?
That's 40, who's a real.
A real.
What 19?
Only 19 for a photo.
What?
That's not our crowd.
Carl Foster had 16.
You've got to be kidding us.
I think that may have been close to deserving a.
One of those.
That's pretty suspect when you think.
Hope.
You were exactly.
But Foster.
WRMF 15.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WBZT, Dr. Joy Brown in Palm Beach.
WCMQ FAMA4, no speaking English IE.
And LB Silk on Power 964, George Bated Good Point.
If we put Power 96 there, he might have had five instead of four.
But it's not our crowd.
Now that's not our crowd.
No speaking English punks.
That's not our crowd.
They're not going to listen to some old funny, deady talk show on AM radio.
That'll be the day when they do that.
Talking about politics and dead soldiers and all of this stuff.
They don't want to hear about that.
All they might be interested in some of them naked pictures.
Now we don't actually have.
We give you a bonus of boobies yesterday.
We don't actually have naked pictures today.
It's close to naked.
It's close to what teacher.
I know what it is.
Jesus got almighty for crying out loud.
He would like some kind of a dodging old fool, which probably is appropriate.
Anyway, we got tattoo.
See?
And he's looking up and going, he's in pain.
No, it's not that tattoo.
It's assembled by former TV commercial producer Ivan Shapa Volov.
There's a Shapa Valov.
Shapa Volov.
That's his name, Shapa Volov.
After auditioning hundreds of candidates at Moscow's most film studios.
Tattoo.
That's with OAKA Taty.
What?
I can't believe you say that.
Yeah.
Comprised Julia Olegovna Volkova.
Okay.
For 1985.
So that makes her 19.
And Elena Sargivna.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's only her middle name.
Katina.
Our A.K.A. Lena Katina.
They don't come no meaner than Lena Katina.
For 1984, which makes her about 20.
Land after an internationally fashionable word.
The teen pop duo delivered captivating melodies and controversial lyrics inside
up to Universal Music Russia.
May 16, 2001.
They debut single.
I've lost my mind.
Based on the story about a lesbian affair between two young girls became the first smash,
gaining international exposure to MTV.
Top five on the most requested video start.
After issuing a second single called Abu Garret called they won't catch us.
Their album 200 kilometers an hour in the wrong lane was released.
How do you like that?
So there you go, a little from the Almy Music Guide, a little thumbnail sketch of Tattoo.
So there they are with their wet t-shirts and maybe a little nipple action there.
That's the best we can do for it today.
Sorry.
Now, here's the story of the century.
And again, we don't really know if this is true or not because it comes from a very suspect web.
Well, I don't want to say suspect.
I've looked at this thing before and I have no idea how I found this.
I must be from the drudge retort with the tea with two teas.
Daily chaos is the website.
Aeroamerica pulls huge ratings in New York City at Portland and Moore.
Inside radio, prominent, oh, it's...
I should have done that.
I should have gone inside radio while I was during the break.
Inside radio, a prominent industry newsletter confirms what Frank and said on Monday's show,
Al Frank and S.M. New York numbers to curl about.
He did curl about beating Rush with 25 to 54's, which of course is the demo we all covet badly.
As Aeroamerica flagship W.L.I.B. did an extrapolated 3.4 for the month of April compared to W.A.B.C. Rush's 3.1 in mid days.
Oh, man, Rush is going to be popularly crazy when he hears that.
It says caution extrapolations are far from official.
That's okay. We'll take it. We understand.
Frank and also said Aeroamericas, the number one provider of streamed audio online,
with 6.5 million distinct listeners.
In addition, he reported that KPOJ Portland's in-house research showed Aeroamerica increased their cumulative audience by nearly five times.
I do like that. It's in other words, from 10 to 50.
No, that's good.
I also have it on Go to Therese writes Michael D on this marginal website,
that even though Aeroamerica was only on their couple of weeks, W.N.T.E. Chicago had the best spring phase one ratings that it had in the last 12 months,
though that was a pretty low bar. Spring phase one means the average ratings of February, March, and April combined.
Oh, yada, yada, yada. In other words, the month of April boosted them up.
Plus, on the majority, reports Sam Seder.
Don't pass him over.
Mentioned that they had increased their listenership by 170% moving WLIB from number 20 to number 10 for their day part.
How do you like that?
All right.
All this means even if April was just some peak of interest fluke in AAR,
where the full tomorrow, which looks very unlikely now, it says,
because the ratings, there's a huge proven audience for liberal talk that station managers are going to notice.
Michael D says, my larger hope for Aeroamerica has always been that it would prove that there's an audience for liberal talk,
and that it would help other liberal hosts get more syndication deals.
It would help other liberal hosts get more syndication deals.
I just mentioned that. We're not looking for that.
But I just mentioned that in passing just in case.
Oh.
Join the QMQT tonight, six to eight of the baby quarter-deck at 3155 South University Drive,
stop by for specials on Corona. That's one Corona.
Wouldn't prizes some really crap, and it's your last chance to win a trip or two to Cancun.
That's at six tonight at the baby quarter-back.
A push, pipe, to mouth!
Tonight, I'm Bravo.
Catch the new celebrity card game from the producers of Celebrity Poker Showdown,
featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Tony Ciprano, Darth Vader, and SpongeBob Squarepants.
Don't miss Celebrity 52 Pickup.
I'm ready, and it's my deal.
Ha ha ha!
Well, pick them up.
Ha, as governor, I appoint people to pick up cards for me.
Hey, I don't pick up nothing.
Cabbage?
Let the sponge retreat the cards.
Hey, I'm the dealer. You pick up the cards.
Hey, Mr. Ciprano, why don't you use the force to pick them up?
Ha ha ha!
The dark side of the force must only be used to conquer fast galaxies or to cheat at Blackjack.
And I can't pick up the cards unless the state legislates votes yes.
Maybe my pal Smith and Wes are gonna change your mind, eh?
Come here!
Perhaps my lightsaber will change yours.
I'm issuing executive orders requiring both of you to pick up the cards.
Executive orders?
Yeah! I keep them in my fists!
Do!
How about this?
How about hey?
Don't miss Celebrity 52 Pickup.
Because we're betting the pot it won't get picked up next fall.
Ten-Eighteen, it's maybe a piece of crap.
I'm just like a lot of other shows that around which inspired the poll today.
Actually what really inspired me was last night that American Idol crap.
Did you watch it?
Are you kidding me?
Oh. Did Josh watch it?
No.
Oh.
Scared a hell out of me there.
Anyway, here's the poll question.
What big hit TV show of the past five years do you think was the biggest piece of Schmidt?
We start out with five that I put on there.
I'm sure I left out dozens.
American Idol's already got 13 votes.
Survivor 11.
We added and do survivor this survivor.
That just general.
Okay.
Because it's all the same crap.
Ricky Lake 11, Millionaire 6, and Jerry Springer 4 out of the first 45 votes that they just discovered the poll.
No.
Now the past five years you're not meaning created in the past five years.
No, that have been on in the last five years.
They might have been on for ten years.
But if they've been on in the year and they're still on in the last five years,
or maybe they were on an off-wood in light.
Do you want to say?
Right.
Just don't start nitpicking, okay?
I think even they might understand the question all the way down.
Yeah, right.
Well, I'm just hoping.
Anyway, speaking of hoping,
just when he least expected Al Gore-Grope here.
How do you like that? It's America.
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture prison.
Gore called the president incompetent and said the war in Iraq has made America less safe.
Donald Rumsfeld ought to resign immediately as a chief architect of this plan.
Paul Wilkowitz, Douglas Fee, the intelligence chief Stephen Tambon,
all ought to resign immediately.
Our nation is at risk every single day.
Rumsfeld remains as Secretary of Defense.
Wow.
If he could have just pushed up like that three years ago,
we wouldn't have to be in this mess we were in right now.
Let's go back, let's build a time machine.
I mean, how is it that somebody who was as boring as Tappy Okam putting,
as well as the lock box?
Cardboard box.
What?
Lock box.
Yeah.
And as wouldn't as a lock box.
As a cigar store Indian.
And now all of a sudden he's got fire in Brimstone man, he got the spirit.
Maybe a little teeny tiny of a kid rub off on old scary John Kerry.
Although we got some good poll numbers for Kerry coming up in a minute.
We'll get to it.
WQM, hello.
Hey Neil, what's up?
Yes sir.
I just, I actually just call him to ask you if you had seen or heard anything about the Al Gore speech.
I have never in my life ever thought that.
Are you shocked?
Shock.
I want to go vote for him today.
But where was that four years ago?
Right, exactly.
This guy, I mean I just stood up and my eyes were watching him on C-SPAN.
I was mesmerized.
Right.
I wanted to throw confetti.
I wanted to buy him a best bottle of champagne and him in that bitch that he's married to could drink.
It was amazing.
I think they kidnapped the real out.
I think they kidnapped the real out Gore before the election.
Now this is the real one guy.
He busted out.
Well, is it possible that he feels that that's what we've not one ounce of pressure on him and he can say anything he wants?
Well, I think that's part of it.
And I also think that he realizes that Kerry is so damn wooden and so blase that somebody in the Democratic party's got to open up a mouth and go nuts.
I agree.
I just got, could not believe it.
I mean, Dean already shot his whole deal.
So not much left there.
But you know what?
You know, when you were saying months ago about Dean, like nobody's gonna vote for this guy.
They'll blast him.
I still agree with that.
And I think that he'd have absolutely no chance against.
Really?
Yeah.
Because they would, the way that they're carrying...
No, I'm not sure if I'm carrying a bar.
I'm not so sure of that because right now with all the stuff that's going on, you see.
This business of well, Kerry's just sitting back and letting him boost off the struck.
I don't buy that.
It's like an boxing match.
When you got your opponent on the ropes, that's the time you come in for the killing.
Just, you know, just going to the attack on the offensive.
But Kerry's kind of like sitting back.
And when he ought to be talking about all these things in Iraq and the things people are whipped up about,
he's talking about issues that are important like, you know, the gasoline price and about healthcare.
That's fine, but now is not the time to be talking about that.
You ought to be kicking ass.
It's true, but for them to be attacking Kerry the way that they are, I could only imagine what they would be doing.
If Howard Dean was there.
Yeah, they probably keep showing pictures of his wife and all the ads.
That would probably do it in the...
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
How dare they?
Yeah, great again.
Direct to good news of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture prison.
Abu Dhabi, who are called the President incompetent, said the war in Iraq has made America less state-garw.
Donald Rumsfeld ought to resign immediately as the Chief Architect at this plan.
Paul Wilfer, the German Chief, the intelligence chief.
I've even tammed on all ought to resign immediately.
Oh, our nation is at risk every single day Rumsfeld remains as Secretary of Japan.
Now, can you imagine Kerry making that same speech in the same way?
Yeah, I mean, I realize I don't want to pick on a guy because I will vote for him 40 or 50 times.
But I just somehow just... I don't know, maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe he'll just surprise the crap out of us.
Because the one thing about Kerry they always say is he's a strong closer.
You know, just like a ball club needs a good closer.
And he always comes on strong at the end.
Look what he did in the primaries. Everybody like this counted him entirely.
And all of a sudden from back in the pack there he came.
Like Dracula, like Frankenstein.
But anyway, former Vice President Al Gore called for the resignation of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld,
CIA Director George Tendet, and National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice in a fiery denunciation of the Bush administration yesterday.
In a speech at New York University he argued that officials including several Rumsfeld's top civilian deputies should step down
because of the situation Iraq is out of control.
Donald Rumsfeld auto-resign immediately he bellowed our nation at risk.
Every single day Rumsfeld remains a Secretary of Defense.
We need someone with good judgment and common sense.
Rice auto-resign immediately she has badly mishandled a coordination of National Security Policy.
This is a disaster for our country, he says.
Absolutely correct.
He says President Bush has exposed Americans abroad and Americans in every town and city way to a greater danger of attacks by terrorists because of his arrogance, willfulness, and bungling it stirring up.
Here's a quote from George stirring up Hornetsness that posed no threat whatever to us.
Say they're not it's the truth.
That is absolutely correct.
He said you don't have to justify voting for the war resolution because he was Vice President before and he wasn't in the Senate.
So when a Bushmaster came in there and this started all this crap he didn't have a vote.
So there you are.
I just mentioned these things in passing.
Oh by the way also and I'll just mention it in passing because this station in Muffie too happy about it.
Much too hockey intensive with all this jock strap and jock martin and Mike Keenan all the yeah.
Much too uh but I just have a real short thing because the Canadian papers and I guess much of the world, the free world,
is just ripping the crap out of South Florida and Alan Cohen in the whole organization and rightfully so.
But anyway really the local coverage was just glowing on the TV.
It wasn't real well interviews.
I see lots of speeches sounds like propaganda to me 26 after 10 at 560 W.
Come Marlins and the Reds from Cincinnati from what is that stadium?
Who cares?
Exactly.
Who cares Park is coming up with a pregame in noon game time 1235 Marlins 1 3 nothing last night.
Fully seem to win every day now though they can't shake them off their back.
Kind of like Muff City had the same problem with the doctors.
Hey spring at the savings right now and save like never before in a new car truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
They're on US one just 20 minutes out of the 836 and they're worth a drive to matter where you are.
Might be a few extra minutes before they're going to save you a lot of money.
Thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out the great least deals waiting for you as I speak this moment.
An O4 camera or 412629 a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 Highlander just 309 a month.
If you're looking for a truck how about an O4 Toyota Tundra.
It's been rated the safest truck in the USA.
You pay just 179 a month for 48 months.
And these are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun to get you with a great new Toyota today.
That's how anxious they are to make you a great deal and they'll do it.
And their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your work done for you.
Easy to find in their right at the corner of US one and 290th Street in homestead.
It's only 20 minutes drive south of the E36 and right now they're making you an offer you have to be crazy to refuse.
Armstrong Toyota of homestead offers you free tires, free batteries and replacement parts for life for the life of your vehicle.
That's right tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody else know where to be doing that.
So don't waste your time with those big mega dealers who have the big screaming car spots.
Y'all and carry on and jump up and down and then let's you down all the time.
For a deal that's unbeatable called David Rich to GM at Armstrong Toyota of homestead right now at 305-242-247.
305-242-247, drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
My and local this is for 205 city.
Way to way.
I tell you nothing.
Have it your way. I hate to resort to torture but you leave me no alternative.
Hold him down and put the phone up to his ear.
No, no, not anything but that please.
You have reached great Satan HMO.
No.
To be put on hold until you lose your mind and slam the phone down.
Press one.
No, please.
To be transferred to someone who will tell you your prescription is not covered.
Press two.
This is a human.
To talk to someone who will automatically deny your claim.
Press three.
Oh, you ought to buy a lady for Geneva.
To speak directly with the great Satan HMO representative who will make you repeat everything twice and then accidentally hang up on you.
Press four.
Oh, no.
Abu Gharr.
1032-560 WQM.
So anyway, the National Post Paper here is just end the other papers as well.
Ripping the Panther Organization in Al-Ancona major.
Wreck them ass and rightfully so.
I mean, and I also noticed even down there some of the columns, Greg Cotex, who knows nothing about hockey.
Just like Mo, how come Mo knows nothing about hockey?
He hates it like poison.
And all of a sudden he's talking about my keen and listen about, yeah, what does he know about it?
And by the way, it's Jay Bowle-Mr. not Bowle-Mr. okay?
Only Gellie says it like that so it's in the squeal of the lecture.
Bowle-Mr.
Bowle-Mr.
You idiot.
Mr.
Get it right.
Absolutely good.
Anyway, so this is a particular article talks about keen and actor winning the Stanley Cup in New York.
The Rangers, the first time in 185 years.
Ah, how they had a sue him and how he destroyed St. Louis, traded Kujo away for Shane Corson,
destroyed Vancouver in two years, and about everywhere he's gone, has left the trail of crap behind him.
Nevertheless, just the last couple of paragraphs I find most interesting it says.
The Panthers lead the league in freebie tickets, and even with that they play their home games in front of a sea of green seats at the Office Depot Center.
They once made it to the Stanley Cup in 1996, but have since become perhaps the National Hockey League's most dysfunctional organization,
and a prime example for those who say the NHL expanded too fast and frivolously in the 90s.
Then the Panthers chose to interrupt their in-state rival shiny moment this week with news of this sexy double hire coming at the precise moment
to lightning and grab whatever hockey spotlight Florida had to offer, and Mike Keenan gets another kick of the cat.
I didn't want to leave the game the way I left Keenan set on his big day, and says don't expect this Panthers to change now.
He ain't going to change his spots, Panther Leopard, whatever it is, okay?
So it's just more of the same machinations in Alan Cohen spinning his wheels and reaching out in all directions.
You know, maybe spend some money on some real players might do it, keeping somebody young players in the organization that might do it.
Because I got news for you, the St. The Ottawa Senators, I'll tell you that right now.
Anyway, that's enough hockey talk, because Muck gets really upset about it.
What big TV hit show of the past five years, you think, with the biggest piece of Schmidt that's our pull question, we need a lot more names on there, a lot more shows.
WDQA, hello.
Long live the Al Gore.
Yeah, let's have a revo. What do you say?
Oh, right. Go back to County.
Can you just imagine if they said, well, you know, because there was so much confusion in the Supreme Court that we found out that it was all fixed behind the scenes with the clearance token Thomas and Antonin Skull.
And all this crap, we're just going to have a re-vote like this weekend. We give it a whole weekend off. Wow.
You can see people who aren't even born yet running out to vote. WDQA, hello.
Hey, I got another show for the Paul.
Yes, sir, please. Let's put on Joe millionaire.
Joe millionaire sucks. Okay. Thank you.
Got it. We got it.
Okay. And we need, I would say at least the.
A third man.
Have a representative list. Now Cheryl, who's a good listener, she said, how about I'm proud to stand ever watch any of these now.
You know, we're not going to put that on there because Cheryl would all do respect.
Everybody has watched at least a couple of minutes.
At least some of these on here, right? Don't lie.
Yeah, right. I mean, you know, don't don't be put your nose up in here.
A little snooty like that. Like you never watch Ricky Lake for a few minutes or Jerry Springer for a few minutes just for comic relief and watching them throw the chairs at each other and watch them with that hook.
And see the best part about that shows is no one.
Those shows is knowing that there are people who believe it.
That's the best and the scariest part of it.
No, seriously, that's the crap out of me.
Just like how wrestling is.
Right. It's the same kind. It is.
It's the same group.
Literally and group.
Right. The same crap.
Oh, that's for real, man. That's for real. That pissed off. She would sleep with his boyfriend and his boyfriend was sleeping with his brother and all the other crap.
And they believe that garbage.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, hello.
Are you sure?
Good.
I have another show to put on there.
OK.
The simple life.
OK. The simple life sounds simple to me. OK.
Thank you. Probably for simple people. I haven't even know what that is.
That's the one with Paris Hilton there in Nicole Richie.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Paulie and Molly. Thank God I missed that. You're right, Cheryl. I'm proud to say I never saw that.
And as it used to send it to junk. See, I got to intercept here a lot of stuff because we only have two hours and boy, we're pretty pissed off about that.
I went, oh, we are just fooling at the mouth. We're so upset at Marlon organization, but a pregame show starting in noon.
Although if they want to do it every day, man, we give you the most solid two hours you ever hurt in your life.
I still say much three hours is plenty. OK.
I would be willing to extend my contract if they would cut me down like from 10 to one and put my dog on one to four, hang four to seven.
I'll do three hours and joke and do is two and whatever. You know, maybe joke and do three.
But that's I would be willing to extend it like another week or two.
Or maybe another show or two. I think three hours is plenty. Don't you impact two and a half was just and then we do this once before a couple weeks ago.
We had just a two hour show. I'm Tonya. I walked out of this room and out into the fresh air. And it's a beautiful day here by the way.
Paul cashier know but sunny and it's going to be like 2170.
With a smile on my face, I was just in heaven. I thought man, I just we just had a great time and it went by like lightning like greased lightning.
Sure. And what's happening like now, but I mean four hours like trying to squeeze too much blood out of a damn turn up.
Massachusetts senator John Kerry who went no alcohol. I'll tell you that holds an eight point lead over George W. Bush among registered voters in the very brand new just released CBS news poll.
49 to 41 percent. But one of the names currently bandied about is running made for him is that more bandied about is Republican senator John McCain.
And if he's on the ticket, it gives care in even bigger age when added to the ticket should be no surprise.
So in other words, if it's just carry against Bush 49 to 41, which is I guess Nader gets some of the rest.
I don't know what doesn't say they don't even include Nader on here, which is fine.
Let's see if it's carry a mechanic against Bush, chainy though, they carry gets 53 and Bush 39 so that opens it up to a 14 point age. How do you like that?
And wait to hear this. This is pretty interesting. Among those voters who have an opinion or of John McCain opinions of the senator are overwhelmingly favorable.
46 percent say they have a favorable you a McCain while only 9 percent unfavorable independence hold the most favorable.
Meanwhile, Republican voters are more likely than Democrats to be the senator in a negative light.
16 percent of Republicans do compared to just 4 percent of Democrats, 8 percent of independence. How do you like that?
So even though he's against abortion, he's in his oppose to gay marriage, all of the hot button issues that the right wingers are all whipped up into a frenzy about all those social issues, they still hate him because they realize that he's got a big mouth and he won't dummy up. He just won't go step.
I guess when you've been a POW and had all the experience that he said, he just don't go step really easy. He does the two step instead of a go step and that's the wrong dance, especially when you're at.
And if carry it, let's see.
Carry an Edwards see they made a mistake here, the way they got the CBS you made a mistake, but I understand what you're saying.
Carry an Edwards against Bush and Cheney, it's a 10 percent lead 50 to 40. Got it. I got it.
There you go. So that's the very latest CBS poll. There was a Zodzay poll. They talked about an MSNBC last night. If anybody out there's got it, please.
He's faceted to us 305 650198 because I can't find it anywhere.
And that showed that if the election were right now, carry would win an electoral college landslide with 330 some electoral votes.
How do you like that?
A lot.
So let's hold it right now.
And let's pretend that Al Gore is in fact Al Gore is going to address that we're going to put some monster makeup on.
How dare they?
Greg the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein, torture, prison.
I'll be going right.
Yeah. Nice going out.
Great. That guy was right and I'm right and you're right and we're all right. Where was this guy back three and a half years ago?
Mike, goodness. He would have just kicked ass.
Coming in on the heels of eight years of Clinton prosperity. All those blue dresses with a stains on him.
Everybody had a big smile on their face. All that pornography in the star report. What's not to like?
But no, he conducted himself like I said, like a like a zombie with his lock box and he invented the internet.
Bought by him. Tippers running around the censoring records and censoring every, you know, anything she can get her hands on.
Don't forget his walking mate.
Yeah.
I thought it was kind of a stalemate myself.
Anyway, speaking of that, he was almost as good as what was his name? They got it. Who am I?
Ross Perot's running mate.
Edmroll, uh, Edmroll Halsey or whatever's name was.
Stockdale. I know who it was.
I'm just trying to make a little acutely there and right away. Stockdale.
Stockdale. Stockdale. Stockdale.
You can just like guilty. Yeah.
You can just like guilty. You can a little bit carried away now. Just come down.
1041 at 560 WQM. If you've had a muskrat on your head.
Absolutely. Well, listen, people are laughing their ass off actually. They're running around just pee in their pants, taking a look at your head.
Well, listen, more than 35 years, Chuck Alpere has been doing it for guys both rich and infamous and in between because he's got the best system going anywhere that natural airline system.
Charlie's appeared on Good Morning America. The Today Show, CBS Morning News. He's got that patented natural airline system that offers you the most amazing natural airline you'll find anywhere and that's the key.
The hairline. If it looks like a dead animal's crawling around on your head, that don't look too good. If it looks like it's by colored, try colored.
If it's like a chameleon piece like Aaron Brown's got on, certainly not news network, then it ain't too good either.
But Charlie's new skin-like hair system is so great looking. It's a hundred percent undetectable. In other words, it looks like real hair like the real thing.
And Charlie gives you this unbeatable guarantee. You try a system for 30 days.
Not 30, man. After a month of you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting pod-at and clotted even by people you don't want to be pod-at and then return it for a full refund. No questions asked.
And keep in mind Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and trim.
So don't delay. Call Charlie Day and get yourself looking great. Call tool free 1-800-321-2413.
It's better than a mousey-looking piece. I'll guarantee you that.
Absolutely. Call 1-800-321-2413 or log on to CharlesNfere.com.
That's my life and locals. This is 4205 City.
Way to AM.
I'm going to have a look at the
Marlon game from Golden Showers Park and Cincinnati.
I'm watching this radar very carefully.
There's all kinds of rain all around. There was some heavy rain going through this morning.
But they'll play because come hell or hot water. We're out of here at noon, right?
Watch us.
Why? Don't be trying to call me at 12-002 because we'll be gone.
Friends, somebody says for the poll which I think is a good choice. Much to do about nothing.
And what about Frazier? Do we want to put that on there as well?
If you want.
With all apologies to my old friend Ron Frazier.
Let's put Frazier on there and Stuttering Gil says, meet my parents.
No thanks, Gil.
What the hell was that, meet my parents?
It's the show.
I know that.
That?
Yeah, of course it was bad.
Stuttering Gil also says, can you give a shout out to David and Aranta Aquaplons?
He's also a loyal listener. Can't do it, Gil. I'm sorry.
Let's say here's the fact that says I couldn't get to you there that they regarding Lexin theory.
I lived in Gainesville for school.
And unfortunately they were the only morning show on the only station for people on the age of 100 Danyahu.
They are completely derivative, totally predictable, and a shadow of Ron and Ron which in itself was the shadow of a skeleton dead for a thousand years.
Lexin theory, our injection mirror, that's exactly where they belong. It's their level. They're strictly small potatoes.
How do you like that? Just like Hamid Roth would say, small potatoes.
Now what do they call a small potato? Again, oh, we don't have time to get into that. I know.
How many times do we have to discuss it?
30, man. All farmers keep kicking it. We just can't remember what they call them small potatoes.
Now I think in some parts of the country they call them, see them potatoes.
I could be wrong, but I think that's what their little teeny tiny one.
So far American idols got 61. What big hit TV show in the past five years?
I think it was the biggest piece of crap we said, Schmidt on there.
198 votes American Idol 61 survivor 40, Ricky Lake 33, Jerry Springer 29, millionaire 17, the simple life 11, Joe millionaire seven,
and these other ones are going on there. I'm sure right now as I speak, aren't they? Yes.
Yes. Don't forget the game from Golden Arm Pit Park in Cincinnati.
Your marlins and the reds. For that thing with the Panther organization, that really is something.
You know what I just rated that one little brood because they're much better to feel too bad.
They're just raking over the coals and rightfully so the way that Alan Cohen has just decimated the remains.
He already he already bought a dead franchise and now he's just making an even dead.
Instead of making it better, he's making him better, but he's got the old jockstrap guy coming from Ottawa where he got booted out.
Go to the QA and roll. Hey Neil. Yes sir. What's going on man? How you doing?
What are you doing? No just stuck with your whammy show is pretty rough.
Yeah. That was on the last five years. That was a hard show. That was a hard show. No wrong. Guess what?
Sorry. What big hit TV show at the past five years? See there's just another guy wants to take a map.
You know hello without your big fat raccoon and have a great day. WDQ way in. Hello.
Not there WQ way in. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm fired up this morning. You got a few minutes.
You got got a few minutes? Yeah I got a full way. No I don't have few minutes. What do you got?
Well that's for anybody who can stomach the hand in the income show. I mean is that Sean hand in the.
Is this guy for radio? Yes. I mean I've never seen anybody. Hi. We're killing the likes him a lot. Well I guess so, but I want anybody just to get an idea.
Woodall Petsett. He never stole a freight train. He said the show is a gas and get out here already.
560.560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon. These people I want us to be referred to light bulb radio. Trust me when I tell you.
Ain't going to happen. I don't care if air America gets a 90 share more power to them. Okay especially our friend of God is.
And all that BS we had about oh she's retiring already. She's resigning and she's right.
I'm telling you man that these simple things who gather and meander on the internet.
There are no words to describe it. If you're one of those people that never has looked at a chat room.
If you've never looked at any of that garbage that goes back and forth between these overgrown children.
Do yourself a great favor and don't. Okay. Don't you'll have a lot. You're much happier life.
If you never look at that crap. It'll free you out. It will be press you and you'll wonder who are these people.
We're just screaming at each other back and forth and just. Back and forth all day long in the chat room.
Who are those are your neighbors. Those are the losers of society.
Man those are the drugs. Those are the Todd Dregs of the human race.
Anyway. Somebody QA him. Hello.
Q. I. M. Yes. Can I help you?
You're speaking to him. I'm you. How are you? How are you this morning? Good.
I just have two two shows that I think to be on your list. One is the popular in the back.
Right. Those two if you could add them to your list.
We sure can. And also if Al Gore would have acted like this four years ago. I would have it for him ten times.
Me too. I'd have voted a hundred times. Oh my God. Thanks for your time.
Thank you. Have a great day.
Anybody who didn't hear Al Gore yesterday. How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America.
I threw the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture present.
Gore called the president incompetent and said the war in Iraq has made America less safe.
Donald Rumsfeld, auto resign immediately as the architect of this plan.
Call our hope for will. Douglas Steve. The intelligence chief Stephen Tambon.
All auto resign immediately. The hard nation is at risk every single day.
Rumsfeld remains as secretary of the camp.
Goes to show you man. Some of them drugs will do wonders. You know what?
Yeah, which one he must have been over that barber shop.
Anyway, speaking of people who sound like they're on drugs.
Abu Garib. This is on our website and I just I absolutely got to read it.
Matt Bivens in the nation, the daily outrage column.
Abu Garuga question mark is the head. Is the head lie?
Abu Garuga. Abu Garuga. Abu Garuga. Abu Garuga.
The head of the camp. The head of the camp.
The head of the camp. The head of the camp.
The head of the camp. The head of the camp.
The head of the camp. The head of the camp.
The head of the camp. The head of the camp.
The head of the camp. The head of the camp.
The head of the camp. The head of the camp.
And third attempt sounded like Abu Garra.
Abu Gar. Abu Gar. Abu Gar.
Abu Gar. Abu Gar.
White House Aids who described the speeches and imported rest on the future of Iraq said,
Bush practiced twice on Monday before boarding his helicopter for a strip to the speaking venue.
If you want to see it for yourself, go to the White House webpage,
which it's got a link on it here on this article. It's on our website.
For the president's speech and click on the video, I've finished there listening 20 minutes into the speech
just at the two thirds mark and all the various mangled iterations of Abu Ghraib coming quick succession.
Reuters gets it basically right, but they don't communicate the look of angst that grips the president's face at his first effort,
which actually comes out Abu Gar.
Pause. President Bob said an internal struggle to shake free thirds syllable,
a truly anxious moment when one feels a stab a sympathy for the man and wonders if he'll be able to pull it off.
Reap finally blurt's out. Heavy sigh for leave. He did it. Hooray.
George W. Lowell expectations, boys and prizes and pleases us once again and to thank you all the other kind of.
And to thank you all had to practice twice before a Abu Gar.
Abu Gar. Abu Gar. Abu Gar. Abu Gar. Abu Gar. Abu Gar.
All right. Nothing like a girl man cry. You know, pretty sad.
This is the leader of the free world. Keep in mind.
Oh, he's speaking. We're trying. Speaking of crying,
Beasley Broadcast Group honors its own. This is a big story in radio ink. Beasley Broadcast Group selected Deborah Peck,
Resoli is the 2000 for business managers of the year. Is that their very own Deborah? Yes. You go girl.
You go, Deborah. Nice go. Sweetheart. Make sure my check is still on time from now. Okay. Quick dittling around with that clearance.
I understand clearance was also adjusting that package. Down in the accounting is what I'm hearing.
The one that had my check in it. Oh, 1056 at 560 WQAM. That's the diplomatic pouch we're talking about. Exactly. Right.
Yeah, they sent it in the pouch. Vum is not just regular ordinary TV. In fact, Vum is so great and clear that you probably want to have Vum buried in your tomb.
So you can watch it forever in perpetuity. Vum is high definition TV delivered by a satellite vision.
Hd receiver. The picture is so clear. So sharp. You won't believe it. It's look like Gary Sarner. Stand right in your living room.
And that's a scary thought. Vum is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Vum's got the most HD TV anywhere.
And provides all the equipment you need to to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience, including the satellite dish receiver.
And of course your remote and Vum's got over 30 channels.
But third man of HD programming. You can watch ESPN and high definition even. That's three times more than you get from cable.
And they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO MTV. Even your local local channels too.
The picture is so clear you can reach right in there and grab. Brad Richards by the armpit. Vum's got over 120 channels of great entertainment.
Vum even has exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you can't even get it all at any price from your cable or satellite company.
So with Vum you get all the stuff you got now plus all these great new awesome high definition channels to enjoy on your expensive TV set.
Call Vum today for limited time offer, which includes free installation, no upfront cost and no long term commitment. Call toll free.
1 866 848 8666. Don't forget you better do it right away because the offers just last a few more days till Monday, May 31.
So Memorial Day call today 1 866 848 8666 or find out more online at Vum.com.
Find a local this is five cities. The radio is all yours.
You win.
Freedom and say cheese tonight on CBS. They are an elite team of police detectives who saw mission is to crack unsolved crimes from decades past.
He was killed in 1971 and we're going to find out who did it. They won't stop until they find new evidence.
The DNA results are in they won't stop until they find new witnesses.
I think he saw something. They will stop until they find a cold case of beer.
What is it we knock off of the day?
I was like a plant. Nothing brings a job to a halt like a cold case of beer.
I mean the crime is gone unsolved for 30 years. What's another day?
24 hours.
Sam's day.
Cold case of beer. It's the drama you won't want to miss.
Unless you get sidetracked by 24 cans of brew.
I got some great news for you.
Yeah. I'm looking at Accu weather radar right now and it's Cincinnati.
There ain't nothing. There've been some nasty thunderstorms all throughout Kentucky.
Ohio to the Ohio Valley.
Ever been a Cincinnati?
Yeah. Pass through. Don't go back.
No. There's Lima, Ohio. Nothing could be finer than get to hell out of Lima.
There's a finley Ohio home of Joe Mars Jr. at any rate.
But in the northeast, Wilmington, Ohio, which I didn't even know there was a Wilmington, Ohio,
got some nasty heavy duty rain near.
But right now the whole center of the state is clear.
Oh, right.
Never have I been more interested in the weather in a baseball town.
What?
You know what this is?
Remember that other time we almost we got the false alarm that the game might be rained out and the O stand by.
And then of course it turned out there was like a pigeon floor or something like that and dropped a big one on Dave and boring's head.
That woke him up.
I don't understand. How does he stay so animated and excited without you there to hold his hand on the road games, Josh?
What?
Anyway, here's the facts that say.
Facts as fear freaking factor. It's just I've got a warm they can eat. There you go.
Okay.
Fear factor. You got it.
We got it.
Okay.
Sick twisted crap.
That's for people like a lot of SNM crap bondage bandage.
Here's one of Joe George is going to be too happy about but then again we don't really care about that whether he's happy or I'm happy.
It's your opinion.
He's a pranos the worst TV in the last five years.
It's as it blows.
And of course right now the current incarnation of it.
Yeah, you might agree with that from what you've been saying.
Right.
But it started out great.
Well, I don't want to debate about the sopranos.
You're entitled in this.
This factures in title.
It's opinion to okay.
Just relax.
I never thought just we got to get a bunch of names on there on the pole so we can feel a yo and let's put Steve came on your two.
See being a lot of.
He's got that world famous TV show that he used to have on cable.
I want it looks like it's shot through 85 feet of only him.
In fact, you can almost smell the photographer on your screen.
WQ a hello.
Hello.
I like to talk about down share will listen to.
I'm going to talk to somebody about who cares.
Okay, Schmendrick.
Okay, get a life you.
Puts you.
I have no life.
I'm not a little kid.
5 6 7 0 5 60 call up.
Carle.
What's his name?
Carle Benanas Bud Foster.
Okay.
Over there on W.O.F.
Call him up and talk about Don trail.
I hear you as well.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Tom 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
What big TV hit you over the past five years?
You think was the biggest piece of Schmendt.
That's our pull question.
WQ a hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I never wanted to be in radio.
I'm ready.
Okay, that's good.
Don't do it.
Here's line 9 WQ a hello.
Q a m.
Nobody there.
Boy, this is good.
WQ a hello.
How about the X-File?
They took it off the air because it was so close to the truth.
WQ a hello.
Yes, sir.
You're a comeback.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
I see there's obviously an inside job, right?
Sure.
Yeah, no question.
I think that was Todd Drex, boyfriend.
Although that's a good reminder though.
We should have our conference about that word.
Yeah, okay.
What?
We should have a little confab about that.
Now that the Duff his head is in test and Zal checked out.
We should have a little bit of a confab.
A couple of words that we need to add back on the list.
That we need to bring back in.
WQ a hello.
What the hell is the charge?
WQ a hello.
Wow.
Q a m hello.
Fuck you.
See, we only have two hours today.
So, I'm going to feel that they're sure it on time.
They've got to get in between now and noon.
Which is fine.
Kill some rational and time.
Dieter sues Atkins a state in company.
A 53 year old man sued the estate of Dr. Roberts,
the Atkins and the company that promotes his diet yesterday.
Well, I know who that was.
That was Paulie's boyfriend again.
He got all bent out of shape from where that called the other day.
The suit says following the Atkins diet for two years raised the man's cholesterol
so much that his arteries became clogged and required a medical procedure to open them.
The suit is apparently the first to involve the diet, the most prominent
controversial low carb regimen, and the one most associated with assertions
that followers could eat all the red meat and saturate the fat they wanted and still lose weight.
The plaintiff, Jody Groan, who's being assisted by Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine.
Oh, yeah, we know about them.
An advocacy group that supports a vegan diet.
Remember them?
Oh, yeah.
They're right in there with a Peter crowd.
He's seeking $28,000 in damages.
Mr. Groan said he was using the suit to tell other people about the dangers of the diet
and have its promoters include warnings in books, other products, and websites.
Mr. Groan of Delray Beach said that in two of the diets, specifically the 99 edition
of Dr. Rackens' new diet revolution.
After two months, he said his cholesterol shot from 146,
well, but a normal range to 230, considered in the hazardous range.
In October 2003, after three episodes of chest pain, doctors found that Mr. Groan had a 99% blockage
in a major artery and performed angioplasty and inserted a stent to keep it open.
Before starting the diet, he said, Tess showed his arteries were clear.
There was a bell.
Clear of any rate.
And Ennecozon here about the fact that this is a publicity stunt.
And this one said this and that one said that and the adiadion.
How many forced you to go on at that number one and number two, the physicians for a social responsible?
What is it again?
Physicians committee for responsible medicine. That's what it is.
Bunch of Peter people, a bunch of extremists, a bunch of them make everybody into a vegetarine
and all the anti-meat people.
Peter?
Yes, same crowd. Get lost with their homosexual agenda.
Then with their own agenda, with their fruitcake agenda.
560.560 on the AT&T line.
Let's get some more of these great calls in your line 9.
QA and hello.
Real world.
Real world, thank you.
See, there you go.
He didn't sound too confident. He didn't sound too great.
In fact, he sounded pretty crappy to me, but nevertheless, real world.
He went and doubted. He blurted it right out.
That's all.
Can you handle it?
No.
Can you do it?
Man, I'll miss it up to make like I said.
I think Jacques Martin was one of those called in pretrendoon Anglo-force.
Join the QMQD 6-8 tonight at the Davy Quarter Deck at 3155 South University.
Drought by for specials on Corona.
Win some really crappy low budget prizes.
And it's your last chance to win a trip for two to Cancun.
That's at 6-9 at the Davy Quarter Deck.
Come to QA and hello.
Yeah, how about the rise and fall of Joseph Gaggy?
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh man!
You thought Adora got some good stuff?
Like Al said, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Where's it being sold?
I don't know, but we sure want to find out.
I made him come back to town for some of that.
WQA and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
How about that silly show Becker with that duty head cut to answer?
What was the name of the show?
Becker.
Becker?
It was one of the worst shows.
I don't know.
Anybody that ever watched it?
Becker?
Becker.
Becker?
Becker?
Okay, thanks.
What's in it in the show?
Becker.
Drecker?
Yes.
Is it one of the very show named Becker?
You've got to be kidding me.
With Ted Anson?
Oh my God, he gives me hemorrhoids.
He knows.
He makes my...
He makes my...
Ted Danson.
Makes me nauseous.
You know who else makes me really sick to my stomach?
The one that was murdered the soap opera star that I can't think of what his name is?
That he can't act and can't sing and can't do anything else?
And he keeps showing up over and over again.
Ricky Martin.
Huh?
Ricky Martin.
No, not quite.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's see.
American idols leading the pack so far in a good choice.
Oh, you can't say that.
I just did.
82.
Oh, there's Bill Cosby again talking about those Francis.
American Idol 82.
Survivor 46.
Jerry Springer 42.
Ricky Lake 36.
Joe Millionaire 23.
The Simple Life 23.
Millionaire 20.
Friends 9.
Bachelor Red 4.
Bachelor 3.
Frazier has got a pair.
Meet my parents too.
Fear factor 2.
D'Lekker don't have any yet.
Tom Decker.
The sopranos in real world have none out of the first 294 votes.
Very important, Paul.
You better hop on it.
Okay.
This is really a very scientific research.
Heavy duty stuff.
Just like yesterday's.
Be sure we get the Steve Cain on there too.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about the show Spooners?
The Spooners?
The Spooners.
Yeah, and we're a little blonde kid.
What was that on?
Man, I must have been like a little kid.
We're like in the late 80s.
You talking about it?
Ah!
Oh man!
This is just the best.
You see, I'm not even going to go into it.
Don't fight it.
Don't fight success, man.
He's talking about.
He's over spooners, by the way, but.
What?
The Spooners?
The Spooners.
The Spooners.
The Spooners.
The Spooners.
The Spooners.
The Spooners.
The Spooners.
The Spooners.
See, there's a little baseball trivia for you, Josh.
You think you know something, huh?
How about you know who Carl Spooner was, did he?
Sure, I did.
You do?
Yeah, I got hit with a line drive.
Again, pitching against what team?
Cleveland Indians.
Yeah, there you go.
You can't talk me on ancient stuff, man.
When you're as old and funny, daddy as I am, I got all the old crap.
OK, in fact, some of it, I'm still trying to get rid of.
That's why I made all those trips when I was down there.
11 minutes passed, 11 at 5, 60 WDQM.
Hey, if you're still a little bit nervous about buying your macros over the phone,
I can't imagine why, because for over 25 years, millions of smart people have done the right thing.
They've dealt 1-800-MATTR-ES for the lowest possible prices on the best brands and betting.
The easiest possible way to buy you a great name, brand macros.
No risk because if it's not perfect in every way, just call them back for a full comfort exchange.
It's completely free within 30 days.
Boss, third man.
New extra fees, no strings attached, Dalai Macros is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
And we're winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torture of Excellence Award too.
When you call 1-800-MATTR-ES, you'll get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your schedule
and the best customer service in the business.
Why would you waste any of your time slumping from showroom to showroom?
You have to be nuts to do that.
Dalai Macros has the complete line of C. Lee, Sir to King Coral, Simmons, Tempura, Peter Gann,
Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
From Kennelist to it, Palm Beach to Fort Myers, Dalai Macros will deliver you the finest betting on the face of the globe.
We have to just make that one easy call.
Just reach right over Grab Your Own a thing and call 1-800-MATTR-ES,
log onto their website at macros.com.
Do like I've been doing for years and years, buying the smart way from our friends at Dalai Macros.
We are Sports Video 5-60, QAM.
Italian nothing!
Have it your way.
I hate to resort to torture, but you leave me no alternative.
Hold him down and put the phone up to his ear.
No, no, anything but that please.
You have reached Great Satan HMO.
No, no, no.
You can be put on hold until you lose your mind and start calling out.
I'm not bad. I already played that one, didn't I?
That's alright.
No, no, that's not the good one.
That's not the one I want to play anymore.
One moment, please.
Well, we don't want to end in two hours.
Sure, we don't want to play the same one twice, do we?
No.
Although we've built some great time.
Let's try this one.
Alright, put the prisoner in the chair and strap men.
What are you going to do to me?
Is the power ready?
Yes, sir.
No!
Hit the switch!
What is this?
Oh no.
Is this what I teach it is?
Oh no!
No!
Shut it up!
Yes!
I made it!
You shut it up!
No!
No!
No!
I'm not getting it!
I'm not getting it!
I'm not getting it!
I'm not getting it!
No!
No!
1117 at 560 WQM, I just checked that radar again.
There's just a little couple of turds in the year over this whole central part of Ohio.
It's as clear as the bell, okay?
So once they get started on here, then we are just then moves out.
Okay, and that's it.
Yeah, watch us run.
Right, like crazy.
Appeal score backs Oregon's assisted suicide law.
Oh, here's a little bit of good news for those to the left of Attila the Hun.
A federal appeal score yesterday declared the Bush administration has no right to interfere
with Oregon's assisted suicide law.
The only one in the country to allow doctors to help patients end their lives.
In a two-to-one ruling, the ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal said Attorney General John Ascroft
cannot section or hold doctors criminally liable for prescribing overdoses under Oregon's voter-approved death with dignity act.
But I bet you did Bush and B.P.O.d about that.
The Attorney General's unilateral attempt to regulate general medical practices historically entrusted to state lawmakers,
interferes with the Democratic debate about position-assisted suicide, circuit judge Richard Talman said.
He said Ascroft's threat to take action far exceeds the scope of his authority under federal law,
and Oregon official hail the ruling as a victory for the states.
In other words, the judge was saying that John Ascroft is a far-bicinigoy, I think, is what he was looking for.
How do you like that?
Nice going, Oregon.
And speaking of incoherent people, tape details Nixon drinking incident. Do you see this? I read the story.
Five days into the 1973 Arab-Israeli War, with the superpowers on the brink of confrontation, President Nixon was too drunk to discuss the crisis with the British Prime Minister,
according to a newly released transcript of telephone calls.
Henry Kissinger's assessment of the President's condition on the night of October 11, 1973, is contained in more than 20,000 pages of transcripts of Kissinger's phone calls,
as the President's National Security Advisor and Secretary of State records his privacy he had guarded for three decades,
the National Archives relieved him yesterday.
They showed the powerful advisor trying to manage world crises, even as Nixon's presidency, teetered from the Watergate scandal that were consuming demonstration August 74.
In October 73, the US Soviet tensions were peaking over the Arab-Israeli War, and British Prime Minister Edward Heetzoff,
who was called to White House just before 8 p.m., to ask to speak with Nixon.
Can we tell them no? Kissinger asked his assistant, Brent Scocrop, who had told her the urgent request.
When I talked to the President, he was loaded. Scocrop replied, we could tell the President's not available, perhaps he can call you.
Kissinger said Nixon would be available in the morning, when they sobered him up.
And that great? So Nixon went through some tough times, okay?
Old tricky dick.
At least he wasn't a cook, and at least I bet he could have said...
Abu Gharram probably could have said that.
Sure he could have, yeah.
Here's the fact that it says I'm a Democrat voted for Gore last time around, but his speech yesterday was funnier than any misunderstandings of mispronunciation.
Why does Gore and Whited Howard Dean always try to sound like Jesse Jackson whenever he speaks out to the Mason-Dixon line?
To me, Gore sounded like an out-of-work drunken backtist.
Oh, he is, it says.
Power to the people, good luck to the good guys, but go away, Al Gore, the downs user show it, the clowns who's are showing, and take Florida Panthers owner Alan Cohn with you,
Cohns of a feather for sure, alright?
I thought he sounded great, I don't know, maybe it's just me, but I thought he sounded pretty good.
How dare they grab the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein, torture President Abu Gharram.
Exactly.
I don't, I have a difficult time believing anybody who affects swear like this really voted for Al Gore.
Don't you?
Absolutely.
I think it's a dummy fact.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 from on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Only got another 40 minutes, let's pile up these names on a poll, okay?
What big hit TV show of the past five years to think was the biggest piece of Schmidt?
Big hit TV show, not the Neil Rogers show on Wami, not the Steve Mr. Ego show on the back of your cable thing.
Big hit TV show, man, and not the silver poon.
Somebody cue him, hello?
Yeah, I have a show for the poll.
Yes.
Go ahead.
I don't get to tell to Neil.
Sure, you're talking to him.
Oh, Neil, yes, okay, great.
We don't have any intermediaries on this show, man, when you hear the one said somebody's voice, it's me.
We'll rip the video.
Of course, it's me.
But first, play the Geldy Moan new thing again after, because that one I want to hear again, because I just caught the end of it.
Oh, we're going to.
What do you got for the poll?
Come on, let's go.
The poll, it was about a traveling fabric salesman, the Andy Rothman comedy in Variety Hour.
It was like, it was filmed in a warehouse like in the North Miami area.
That was a big hit TV show.
The Andy Rothman comedy get out of here.
567-0560, pound 566, I mean, what is this man talking about?
He must be on some of the same good stuff.
David, QA, hello?
Hello, man.
Hello, man.
Yes, sir.
Okay, stick to Neil.
Speaking to him.
Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
I got a little rush limbox fireport yesterday.
Yeah, it just happened to catch him when I was, uh, with a guy.
He was on Al Gore's butt about him mispronouncing.
Right, though.
To have a grave prison.
And then I just, I listened for another time.
I was trying to see if he would bring up the, uh, the Bush mispronunciation.
But as usual, he avoided.
Hmm.
Must have been an oversight in his part.
Yeah.
That's it.
Okay, thanks.
Maybe that big thing he's got with the Wilmos phone number on him.
Maybe gotten away, you think?
He's got that big three by five cardboard sign.
So he always has it just just, just can see, forgets the number.
American Idol 94 survivor 54 Jerry Springer 49 Ricky Lake, Ricky Lake with a big mistake.
48.
Are you really?
Let's take a look.
Oh, look at that.
South of Cincinnati.
They're showing some showers.
CCNN lies.
They're showing the national radar.
That must be old crap because I just looked on here moment ago.
You know, when you go on acuether.com.
And you can look at the Doppler radar and you can look at the moving images and put the radar loop with the loop deloop
and do the fruit loops and the whole deal.
And there ain't nothing there.
Okay.
Oh, look at that.
She's got the moderate risk and slight risk and all this other risk right right over since the day they're just to piss us off.
Well, guess what, sweetheart?
It ain't going to rain until at least 1215.
And we'll be long gone.
And I'm going to do it.
Other rain dance.
You know, the anti-ranet dance, right?
QAM.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, like you showed the great show today.
Sorry about the short show.
I know we got to do the mo and things.
Right. So we better get right to it. Right.
All right. Anyway, uh, big brother.
Big brother.
Okay. You got it, man. Thanks.
Big brother.
Got it. Got it.
Another show they brought in from Europe, which you know, all the shows they've run from Europe.
What was that dieting show?
Dieting show.
Yeah.
The one that was on my big fat ass.
I have no idea.
Really?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Oh, it said you'd check clearance out this morning.
Is he got the pear-shaped ass around?
We're still working on that.
You notice that's why he stayed away today.
He went home, he looked in the mirror, he put his pants down to his knees, which he has a lot of practice doing that.
And uh, looked at, you know, he took the mirror in the front and the mirror in the rear and all that other.
And uh, she ran off pear-shaped ass.
Sorry.
Who got on?
WQAM, hello.
Who got on?
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Meal?
Yes.
Uh, the Osborne.
The Osborne.
Okay, there's somebody don't like the Osborne. There's always a first-ever thing, okay?
I think that's un-American to say that, but this guy says the Osborne.
And he certainly is a British.
So it's un-British, if anything.
Like I said, it's a piece of crap.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how about a downpour?
Bob Ross, Detroit painting.
What is it?
Bob Ross.
Bob Ross.
Bob Ross.
Bob Ross?
Ross.
What the hell is that?
You never heard of Bob Ross?
No.
The Detroit painting, a guy with a big afro, the painted tiny-
5667456560.
First of all, he's dead.
Second of all, he was a very nice man.
Yeah, who that wasn't?
Bob Ross.
Bob Ross.
I know Katherine Ross.
He painted Bob Ross.
I know Walter Ross, senior and junior.
I know Reg Ross.
Huh?
Ross Perrino.
I know Archie Nile, senior.
Who now was Bob Ross?
Get that afro.
I don't know who that is.
He painted Patel's Land.
I missed all of these bad shows.
He painted so much.
I don't watch.
Well, that was a big hit show.
That was a big hit show.
We had to give you the big hit, okay?
We were going to look at Bratzie after some of these people today.
The guy with a silver spoon, whatever that was.
But he did draw happy trees.
Oh, I understand.
He drinks tang.
What?
That's the one where I heard.
See, there is more than one way to skin a cat, Muffo, okay?
There is more than one way to skin a cat.
You would just pee your pants if I told you my finance.
I told you this before the show.
No, I didn't.
I forgot to tell you.
My financial man was a great guy, but he shouldn't listen to the show.
Okay, he's the another one who's a big bush supporter.
Big, uh, oh, he's good for Israel, all I crap.
So, I talked to him yesterday afternoon and he tells me,
well, um, I heard some of you show this morning.
Boy, you were using some really foul language.
You better watch.
You said, be careful with all the stuff that's going on.
You know, and I should have said to him, just stick to all the financial stuff what you know about.
Let me stick to the radio.
Okay, I've been doing it about a long time.
Just relax, okay?
Schmuck.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM when you looking for great shoes.
Don't go schlepping around any corner shoe store.
Go to a place that you can trust for the best deal all the way around.
The best name brands.
The best prices.
Sales people are really know your feet inside and out brandy shoes in Pompovich.
They got the top quad names in the shoe business.
They got rock ports, floor shine, SAS, spirit, timberland, naturalizer, all the others.
And with brandy's humongous selection, you're out, out guarantee you'll affect our batch of Greg Reed and Clarence's life both on it.
That exactly what you're looking for.
They got in stock right this moment.
Brandy's is open daily nine till nine Monday through Saturday.
And every Sunday, 10 to five, you'll find them at 1290.
North Federal Highway in Pompovich.
It's always worth the trip because they give you such a great deal all the way around.
And all this wicked Brandy's take 20% off on all famous brand men's and women's boat shoes.
The boat of them right when the left one come into the store of his and online at BrandySews.com.
This is SportsWedding on Fyvesick.
You way up.
It's day off if I am the town.
Fyvesick's home.
WQA.
Coming soon, it's the movie we've all been waiting for.
Brad Pitt as a gladiator.
It's Troy, the classic story of, well, it's based on the epic hole by Old Whocair that's Brad Pitt and a gladiator of that.
I am a killee.
And now we must engage in hot, sweaty, man-on-man combat action.
George!
Listen to what the critics are saying about Troy.
Rex Reed called it the field-mine self-hit of the summer.
Rex Reed said, past me the Trojan's honey and in the words of Rex Reed, if you see only one.
Homo, a Rodic gladiator movie this year, see Troy.
And a tank from the rear.
It's muscular man, in leather skirts are your Achilles heel.
Then, France to a theater near you to see Brad Pitt as you always want to see him in Troy.
Troy's made it hard for...
BAMING!
1131, just a half hour away from that Big Marlon pregame show.
I checked the radar things are looking a-ok and Cincinnati at the Goofball Park.
Speaking of Goofballs, here's some more bad news.
Six US soldiers have been diagnosed by the military with permanent brain damage from anti-malaria drug using a racquet of Afghanistan.
And health officials must reassess its safety, since Senator Diane Feinstein of California.
She said the drug, called Neflokwin, has serious risk that have not been adequately tracked by the Pentagon, the Peace Corps and other government agencies that distributed.
She told cheesehead Tommy Thompson, she's concerned that six service members have been diagnosed with permanent brain stem damage from being given this drug despite the fact that alternative drugs might have been chosen to prevent infection.
And did you read the article we had on there the other day about anthrax about the vaccine?
That it's not effective and it doesn't work and it's, yeah, we have no evidence that it works.
But it made a lot of money for somebody.
And of course, all that simple, it made a lot of money for our friends at Bayer.
Which you notice that story that came out the other day about women in breast cancer.
And if you take Aspen every day, it reduces your chance of breast cancer.
And of course, be sure and take Bayer Aspen because they went out of gas.
Right, they have days.
And speaking of that, you're going to like this story again.
Here's for the second day in a road.
What didn't they yesterday?
Where that great story about Israel by somebody in Israel, it was just yesterday.
Okay, well, here's an even, good, another good or one.
Mom, just as good from the LA Times.
See, what's important about this story is not just what it says.
It's very short, but who wrote it? Jessica Montel.
She's director of the Israeli human rights organization, Bitselom.
I think whatever that means.
Something about Goham.
Anyway, she says throughout the last week, the Macabre exercises been running through my head.
I imagine I have five minutes to get out of my house never to return.
What will I take with me?
My wallet and checkbook, a change of clothes for the kids, the photo albums,
my daughter's favorite doll, diapers, bottles, and five minutes I'd never get it all out.
In my quiet neighborhood in West Jerusalem, this exercise seems absurd.
No one has been with me at a moment's notice.
It's just an hour away in the Rafa refugee camp on the Gaza-Egypt border.
This scenario has been played out hundreds of times over the last week.
On May 15, 16th, the Army destroyed 116 houses in Rafa, rendering more than 1100 people homeless
according to our organization's estimates.
It then began Operation Rainbow in which a demolition and additional 67 houses over the last week.
Since January, the Army demolished 284 homes in Rafa, leaving 2,055 Palestinians homeless.
The demolition of houses generally takes place in the middle of the night without any warning to residents.
Dozens of Palestinians have told us of awakening to the sounds of tanks and bulldozers at their doorsteps.
They grab their children, leaving all their possessions behind.
Israel says the demolitions are necessary that in the last six weeks, Army tunnel-busting units have uncovered and destroyed eight armed smuggling tunnels around Rafa.
Had they not done so, Israel claims more civilians would have died in escalating Palestinian attacks.
Certainly, Israel has the obligation to protect its citizens, but even the most legitimate ends don't justify all means.
International humanitarian law, formulated for the most extreme circumstances of war and occupation, must govern Israel's actions in Gaza.
This body of law allows destruction of private property only in exceptional cases.
Now the military is seeking approval to demolish up the 2,000 more houses to widen the road along the border.
Such an expansive strip probably would make life easier for the Army, but it's hard to argue that the destruction of each one of these houses is absolutely necessary
or proportional to the benefit to be gained.
Clearly, armed Palestinian groups must be unequivocally condemned.
Attacks against civilians are grave breaches of the laws of war.
Yet no wrong against this can justify the suffering of thousands of innocent people.
Right, Jessica Montel, who's director of an Israeli human rights organization.
That's what makes the cheese binding to me is who wrote it.
Sure.
Oh no.
Uh-oh, what happened?
Just this little paper jam. No problem.
No sweat.
All right.
Let's see for the pool the dumbass weigh-ins brothers.
The weigh-ins brothers got a show?
Right.
Called the dumbass weigh-ins brothers?
Something like that.
I see.
Oh, sure. If they weigh in brothers.
The weigh-ins brothers.
It is? Yeah.
Phew.
Let's see. I dea for pooled the most.
The New England Voice and Radio or TV. Wow. Wow. Wow. I got an idea.
Ow!
Okay. I'll put that in my palm pool pile. Thank you.
Here's another one says, uh, worst show last five years.
Registrar's Midgina. It's on it right now. It's got a bunch of votes.
And also who wants to wear it? Wow. I guess all of you.
The end of the cool show will zoom to the top of the list.
How can we let that piece of crap off there?
It's a hit. It's a hit.
As Dave Ann Boring would say, but much less enthusiasm.
It's a hit.
It's a big fat juicy hit.
Big, uh, hooter hit.
Ooh.
What big hit tee? I almost, uh, I'm, uh, hung on my, uh, thinger.
What big hit TV show the past five years you think was a piece of schmit?
American Idol 100 and everybody in their brother was watching last night.
I guarantee you that right now.
Or they except us, the three of us.
Right. American Idol 100 Survivor 61,
Jury Springer 55, Ricky Lake 41, Joe Millionaire 35.
The simple life has got 34 Millionaire 22, friend 16, the Bachelor 11,
Fear Factor 8. Here eat this worm.
The Osborne 6, the Bachelor Red 5, Fraser 4, the real world 3,
Sopranos 2, Big Brothers got a pair, meet my parents to add Becker.
Glenn Becker.
Becker, whatever's name is, has got one.
There's really a show called Becker.
Yeah.
That is a shocking when you come right down to it.
Don't forget to join the QM QD tonight from 60 Lambs.
You're going to look, that's a shocking.
There'll be at the, uh, at the Gravy, uh, Dwarf deck.
Easy.
There'll be at the Davey Core to deck at 3155 South University Drive.
Stop by for specials on Corona.
Win lots of really low budget prizes to pretty diverse, but it's also your last chance.
Abu Garret would have tripped for two, two.
I was going to say a trip for two to two.
Abu Garret to Cancun, that's a six to 90, Davey Quarterback.
Five, five, and local.
Here sports radio five, 60, she went, you A.M.
Little number, I wrote the other day, well, not duck hunting with a judge.
Where?
Thank you very much, the FCC.
Thank you very much for finding me.
Five thousand bucks a week.
So I'm really out of luck.
As more than high a device was judging me.
So you very much the FCC.
For proving that free speech just isn't free.
Clear channels, a dear channel.
So how it's done must go.
A term, a general, ascroft doesn't like strong words and so.
He's chanting twice as much as all the drugs for rush limbo.
So he wants so very much.
So you very much the Mr. Bush.
For your rowy curly sitting on your tush.
For Halliburton, Enron, all the companies who hail.
Let's send them a clear signal and stick marker straight in jail.
She's an upper tier rich rich and at least she isn't.
So you also very much.
So you take this cherry too.
You and everything you do.
Your pace make her must be a fake.
You haven't got a lot.
As far as I concerned you're just a pasty face, don't fall.
And as for Condoleez, she's an intellectual touch.
So you also very much.
So you very much the EPA.
For giving all the Lasca's oil away.
It really is a bummer when I can't fill my hunger.
The osomes and the no-go zone now that Arnold's here to say.
The nuclear intercaims are going to take place in LA.
So you also very much.
So what the planet fails.
Let's save the great white males.
And so you also very much.
All right.
1144-16 till noon in the Marlon pregame show.
Marlon's after reds in Cincinnati where it is not raining right now.
Anyway, remember that call we had a couple of days ago to guy who all he said was Michael Moore socks.
That was it. That was a mentally of his material.
Right.
Filmmaker, Michael Moore receiving death threats.
Oh no.
Michael Moore's controversial documentary hasn't even been seen in the US.
But that isn't stopping the more basures already.
Already Apple Plactic.
The Gatfly filmmaker's beginning death threats over Fahrenheit 9-11 says the source.
People have been flaming his website.
FAMING!
Says the source really ugly stuff.
Moore's reps didn't return calls for comment.
But another more source who knows nothing of the current threat side.
It wouldn't be surprised you got threats after bowling for Columbine.
There you go. It's the American FNW.
We don't like what you're saying so.
What a bang, you know.
Come me up.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
We got time to get a few more names on his list.
What big hit TV show the past five years of the past five years?
Not which 85 shows.
Not which couple it doesn't show.
Which big hit TV show the past five years?
You think it was the biggest piece of Schmidt?
The big QAM. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know the biggest cheerleader for a micromor-bashing is Phil.
Yeah.
The other night he was making fun of him saying like,
he's fat.
He's way listening to that crap.
He's, uh, hello.
Exactly.
Okay.
WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You also forgot there was one other comment that Gore made yesterday.
And that speech that was very good.
That he quoted one of Bush's advisors that we're in the rain of the Mayberry
Maccabellies.
Huh.
That I thought was pretty funny as well.
Okay.
Oh, how do you buy?
Thanks.
Thanks.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Through Addenaine to the pool.
Through it in.
It's the show.
Uh, the weakest link.
How about that?
The weakest link.
We don't have that on there.
It's a shocker.
Thank you, sir.
Have a great day.
WQAM.
Mrs. Robinson.
Let's suck it, correct.
Yes.
Nasty, miserable bitch.
Maybe she's the one at the money that Eric Idol was singing about.
I'd like to see her get attacked by Monty's Python.
56670560.560 on the 18th.
Don't forget we're going to be taking you to a tinkert bell park in Cincinnati at the
noon for the pregame show with the most here.
The great bookshombie in the coma inducing Dave Van Boring.
It's up, up, and away.
Well, WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Hey, let me ask you a question.
How come we don't have time for questions.
Okay, sir.
We got a very definite agenda here.
Let me ask you a question.
Now, let's talk about silver spoons.
Let's, uh, but it'd be better but a bit about, okay?
You guys just can't get with the program with the agenda, man.
You better start.
You better start taking lessons and do something.
You better start taking lessons and do something.
You better start taking lessons and do something.
You better start taking lessons and do something.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You better start taking lessons.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
You are a turd.
I would be the first to acknowledge we allowed the Liberation of Iraq to subside into an occupation.
And I think that this was a grave error.
And in some ways a continuing error said Pearl, former chair of the Influential Defense Policy Board, which is Vise's Dependegon.
With violent resistance to the West-Led Occupation showing no signs of ending, Pearl said the biggest mistake in post-war policy was the failure to turn her back back to the Iraqis more or less immediately.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
In other words, hit and run.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Long beat state.
Old confusion.
Old confusion.
Old confusion.
Old confusion.
Old ancestors.
Old states.
Old faces.
Old faces.
You know, can't let it happen
You're gonna have to face it too
Just to go and see the sign
You can't read
You're gonna laugh
You're definitely speaking
Your heart feels
You're gonna change
You're gonna kiss
You're gonna hide
You know what I'm trying to write
You can't be seen
But where we out the door
Is all you can read
And there's a story
I was out there
And I'm gone
You
You're talking mine
And I will go on with you
You're all gone
I think I think that you're
Me and you are still
But yeah
You're all gone
So if you're the truth to say
You can't get in nothing
You're gonna have to face it too
You're gonna have to face it too
You're all gone
I think I'm gonna have to face it too
For future episodes keep this one in mind
And it's five minutes and fifty eight seconds while
Oh, right
Of course
They know the cards are yours
You're all gone
You're all gone
You're all gone
You're all gone
You're all gone
How dare they
Drag the good name of the United States of America
Through the mud of Saddam Hussein
Tortured Privat
You are not alone, guys
Back to them
I'm out of here
I'm out of here
I'm out of here
I'm out of here
Mind is where I'm facing
Did you like the feel we last once again?
Mind is where I'm facing
Okay
Mind is where I'm facing
To the world
Mind is where I'm facing
To the world
Mind is where I'm facing
To the world
Mind is where I'm facing
To the world
Mind is where I'm facing
Mind is where I'm facing
To the world
Mind is where I'm facing
Mind is where I'm facing
To the world
Mind is where I'm facing
To the world
Mind is where I'm facing
To the world
