Yes! Yes!
Hi, this is Janet Jackson and my new album sucks, so I've got one of those here.
You got that coffee, huh?
See!
As I said in New York, I love coffee animals.
See, they capped in the back half.
That's why I'm opening up my chain of coffee item up places called Starbucks.
See, Starbucks!
Starbucks!
We've secretly replaced Janet's coffee with piping hot, Folger's Crystals.
Juan, you got those gloves on?
See!
How I got coffee?
Ah!
Yes!
Hey!
Yes!
How about those Patriots on our gig of the score at least part of it?
Almost exact on Friday.
They had the other part a little bit off.
I said the Patriots 33 and Carolina 10.
Patriots got 32. The only problem is Carolina got 29.
They did have 10 at one point.
In fact, when it was 21 to 10, in my mind I've figured let's see, 24, 27, 30,
four more field rules and we got the exact score of 33 to 10.
But that wouldn't have been nearly as exciting.
No.
But of course we all know the Patriots are just lucky as low would tell you.
Man, what a piece of crap he is, you know.
What a miserable nasty rotten piece of crap.
Am I right?
Am I right?
Am I right?
See?
God is punishing me.
Right off the bat.
Oh, it's going to be that kind of a day and I don't have any security.
Because we got the sleeping Jesus up there in Orlando who's got more excuses than Carter's got pills.
Hey, listen, Eric, cut the crap.
Okay, you're not fooling anybody.
You may be fooling George, you're not fooling me.
He was up watching the game eating like 20 pounds of tostitos and Doritos and Cheetos
and probably two or three pepperoni pizzas, you know.
During the Super Bowl.
Because fat folks, you know, we don't need the excuse to overeat.
But when we have one, then you really like, pick out.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know who you're kidding, Eric.
Your blood sugar is probably about 850.
He has nothing going on that website today.
Although I, we have to result from the weekend.
Every other website in America, even the guy named Christian Science Monitor has probably got the Janet Jackson teeth hanging out there.
But not on theorodgers.com yet.
No.
Because Eric has got this new deal.
Well, he was doing this.
Whoa, he's doing that.
Well, do the stuff I'd like you to.
Okay, it's a labor of love is what I'm here.
Please.
And worry about the other stuff later on.
You and the McGill always hatching up stuff behind the scenes.
Always, you know, nearly lost us all our jobs there about a year and a half ago.
And now he's said, whoa, he's working on the hot couples.
Okay, forget about the frickin' hot couples.
Let's get with the goddamn radio show.
Okay, it's on every day.
Monday through Friday, 10 to 2 at least for the time being.
Jesus, Eric, man, are you pathetic?
Is he pathetic or what?
Huh?
I'm sorry I wasn't listening.
He was like, yeah, the hell you weren't.
The hell you weren't.
In fact, you were the one that said it this morning.
Oh, it's calling him on his cell phone.
And he said, even the phone number that took into his classmate bag
and he was an answer in that.
And what did I tell you?
What did I say he was doing?
Sleeping?
Sleeping, right.
Sleeping because as you get fatter and fatter in your blood,
I know.
Trust me.
You have no energy.
You just roll off her into the corner like a big ball of fat.
And just lay there like a tub.
Anyway, we asked on Friday before we get back to Janet Jackson.
And like Joe said, selling a couple extra CDs,
the new CD just coincidentally happens to be on the program director's desk
all across America this morning.
Right, just an accident.
And just coincidentally, the producer of that whole halftime show for MTV
just coincidentally said in all the media yesterday before the Super Bowl.
Or there's got to be a major surprise during a halftime show.
And now the question is, was it just an accident where we were supposed to see that
Tiddy or not?
Oh, man.
I think right there in that one millisecond that was that epitomized America today,
2004.
That he tidemized America.
That tidemized what's going on America, abreast.
And everybody's all a titter over it like, oh, it was Janet.
Even though of course it had the, what it, it wasn't a nipple ring.
What was it?
It's a piercing.
It's a solar starburst up here.
Whatever the hell it was.
It was her starburst.
Yeah, she's pedaling at to her starburst crap.
And all of this garbage about Justin Tinkerbell, you know, he and Brittany,
if it weren't for the fact of Brittany, so hot, he and Brittany have become,
it's like almost like Ben and JLo.
You know what I mean?
In other words, don't wear us out with that crap anymore because nobody believed in the first place.
Justin Tinkerbell.
Only one thing we want to say to you Justin.
Bye, bye, bye.
Don't come back soon, okay?
As Carrie would say, don't let the door hit you on a way out.
How come he doesn't say don't let the door hit you in the ass on a way out?
Oh, ass.
Come on, let's say a little ass, John.
Carrie looks like he's got a stranglehold on.
In fact, the new pulls that they had out today, which it all depends on who you look at.
I think he's got like 50% in Missouri and 40% in Zona.
You ready for that?
Wow.
Now he is about five points behind Edwards and South Carolina.
We'll get to that eventually.
A lot of numbers.
Patriots win 32 to 29.
Let's hear it.
Let's get credit where credit is due.
Let's stop it all at Dolphin Wine.
Oh, come on.
They're awfully lucky and then there were a couple of calls in that game.
Yeah, right.
John, I'm mighty mo.
You are such a guy.
About five foot nine of turd.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You ever see a turd five foot nine tall?
Well, that's him.
Somebody let a big one lose.
Caller ones in that.
Have you really?
Sure.
Probably you were letting one out this morning.
I worked a lot of time.
I worked a lot of time.
I remember.
George was, oh, that's right.
Yeah, but we got that little turd in sales, Todd Dreck.
You're not full of anybody, Todd.
Send me the same copy and putting a different date on it.
Man, are you a jerk or what, huh?
I should be in a much better mood except that I started out this morning with Eric.
Eric, Eric, I just...
I was in a fabulous mood this morning.
I come in here right away.
Everything on our website is a piece of turd.
A lot of turd running around, you know?
You turd.
That's for you, Eric.
You turd.
You're nothing but a big...
You turd.
Pub.
You turd.
Stop by concerning with Miguel and Bokobrine and everybody else.
Get with the program.
You turd.
That's what it's all about.
That's what our number one priority.
The audience is out there hanging on every...
You turd.
Turd.
What's your ultimate lesbian fantasy we asked on Friday?
Two famous females that you'd like to see together.
How come we didn't have Britney Spears and Janet Jackson?
Say, we weren't thinking.
Or the objection and Justin Tinkerbell.
There's two ladies.
Which came in after the show, Anna Cornicovia and Britney.
Because that one the last time we did this.
Did it really?
Yeah.
Well, nobody...
Too late.
Too late.
And don't be sent to stuff to Eric after the show to add on there.
He's got a full plate already, okay?
Who me?
Although his mommy did teach him to clean his plate.
Ultimate lesbian fantasy.
But it's taken me an hour just to read the results of the poll, which is good.
Charlize Theron and Britney Spears, 139.
There's the winner for you.
But it was pretty close to the Olsen twins.
I wish I knew who they were, 119.
What if they're ugly?
What if they do the syrup?
Stupid little kitty show is before and they're teenagers now, I guess.
Yeah.
And uglier by the day.
Oh, wait a minute.
Are they minors?
Uh, coal miners.
Miners daughters?
I don't know if they're 18 yet.
Well, Jesus Christ of the night 18.
You want to see him in a lesbian fantasy?
What is with you people, man?
I don't want you to be in it.
What is with you people?
Americans so freaking repressed.
That's why everybody...
If you could see, and probably a lot of you have already this morning,
CNN, MSNBC, between the two of whom, every hour they're showing Janet Jackson's movie.
About third, man.
At least 30 times every hour.
Slow mo, freeze-framed.
They've got like a little blotch over it or something.
Maybe she's got a bad complexion.
Maybe she's got that disease or brother's got.
That skin thing in them.
A little vigo.
Whatever the hell it is.
Jessica Simpson and Brittany Spears 81.
Or she was their last night, Jessica.
See, I didn't...
I know this comes as a shock.
I didn't watch the head time show.
I was watching other stuff.
Me too.
Who the hell cares about?
They got like marching band.
What we need in America is a lot more big fat tuba players.
Have you ever seen anybody play the tuba who wasn't a big fat tub?
Now they mention it.
No.
Oh, God.
By the way, for college football, I don't mind seeing college because I'll turn it off anyway.
But I don't want to see college marching bands and big fat tuba players during the Super Bowl.
You get it right.
Those are susophones.
Oh, I see.
Jessica and Brittany 81.
Brittany Spears and Jenna Jameson 79.
Jenna Reno and Ann Bishop 75.
Halle Berry and Angelina Jolie 57.
I don't think Jenna Jackson made it on any of these, did she?
I thought she was on the knee.
Oh, well, we'll get to it.
Shania Twin and Faith Hill 53 tied with Anna Cornelholy and Shakira 53.
That's an interesting pair.
Halle Berry and Sandra Bullock 52.
James J Bullock, I'm sorry.
Brittany Spears and Jolo 51.
Jessica Alba and Halle Berry 45.
These are some pretty good pairings like Monica Lewinsky and Hillary Clinton 40.
Catherine Zeta Jones and Jennifer Conley 38.
Charlize Theron and Jessica Beale 34.
Elizabeth Montgomery and Barbara Eaton 34.
Serena and Venus Williams 28.
Also Jolene Blaylock and Jerry Ryan 28.
Tina Louise and Don Wells 27.
Christine Aguilar and Shakira 26.
Lucy Louis.
Lucy Lou.
That's how you spell it.
That's how you say it.
That's how you spell it.
Lucy Lou and Lisa Ling 25.
Who the hell are they?
Chase.
Oh, Beyonce Knowles and Jolo 22.
Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton 21.
Eliza Dutkou and charisma carpenter 21.
Jessica Simpson and Lil Kim 20.
Jolo and Vida Guerra 20.
Oh, Johnnie Corrin.
Show me some pictures of her after the show.
Who?
Josh did.
Josh did what she was.
Yeah.
Hot smoking.
Big ass.
Anna Cornelhoid and Serena Williams 19.
Catherine Zita Jones and Jack Lensmith 18.
Pamela Lai Anderson and Lonnie Anderson 17.
Kathy Lee and Kelly Rippa 16.
Rosanna and Star Jones 15.
Tyra Banks and Rebecca Stamos 15.
Connie Chink and Greta Van Sustrin 15.
Catherine Zita Jones and Beyonce Knowles 15.
Janorino and Judy Dean 15.
I like that one.
That's my favorite.
Live Tyra and Kate Blanchett 15.
What is a million of these?
Keep going.
Everybody got at least one.
Jolo and Mariah Carey 14.
Lonnie and Chloe from Smallville.
That's Lana.
Oh, Lana.
Lana, my ass.
Lana and Chloe 13.
Sharon Grace Jones 13.
Scoranod Bo Griffin 12.
Linda Trip and Monica Lewinsky 12.
Ann Marie and Randy Rhodes 10.
Wow!
Michelle Fyfer and Charlista Roan 10.
Vinda Hamilton and Lesley are twin sister 9.
Wippie Goldberg and CCH Pounder 9.
Like to see her Pounder.
Jolo and RuPaul.
Look at the way we spelled RuPaul.
Is it all one word like that?
No.
I don't know.
Josh Gess 7.
Nancy Kerrigan and Tonya Harding 7.
Abyen Barbow and Lee Merrwhether 7.
Jennifer Connolly and Darrell Hannah 6.
Ask to ask Jackie Johnson and Patricia Andrew 6.
Michelle Gillon and Sally Fitz 6.
Chelsea Clinton and Dr. Judy Dean 5.
Alicia Keys and Overelle Vien 4.
Jamie Pressley and Brittany Daniel 4.
Ann Haitian Janorino 3.
Candy Crowley and Judy Woodrow 3.
Man, would she smother her in 2 seconds or what?
Judy Steinberg and Janorino 3.
I think Judy Dean and Janorino is Rick Rutsen.
Christine Aguilar and Michelle Ravrigas 2.
Ricky Laken, Cardney Wilson 2.
That's before Cardney lost the way to court.
And Kirstie Ali and Shaka Khan won out of 1500 plus votes over the weekend.
Well, he's to kept you off the streets until the Super Bowl festivity started.
I like the commercial with the...
And I don't know what it's for either.
See, it's for some soft drink with a kiltz.
What a guy would have killed his standing over the...
The... thing.
The sewer grate.
And he said, boy, the sewer is great.
I don't even know what the hell the soft drink was.
See, that happens on a Super Bowl every year.
Is that some of the commercials that are the best ones,
at least in terms of being funny or whatever,
but you don't know what the product is.
So, they weren't so good.
Follow my drift.
No.
So, that was the poll from Friday.
And I'm glad we killed some good time, because Eric has just left me in the lurch again.
Don't let him give you any more excuses, okay?
Tell him to piss off.
Next time he gives you a bunch of crap like that,
because we know he's just sleeping in day after day now, okay?
He wasn't doing nothing for us.
10-13 at 5-60, he's probably doing porno sites on the side.
Guaranteed.
By the way, we'll put some links on there for you.
Hey, if you're fat like Eric, see, there's a good example for you.
You got Eric, who's gigantic and doing nothing about it.
He tried a couple of years ago, we lost an ounce or two,
but he's still fat, he's got a blood sugar about 9.50.
Maybe 9.50, maybe 9.
About 3rd man.
Yeah.
And he can barely even function anymore.
Being fat is not where it's at.
Now, everybody in their brothers tried to pedal you some other diet these days.
There's that South Beach diet.
Forget about that.
That's just a rip off of you.
Know what?
Balance for life makes it easy, because they do all the figuring,
all the calorie and carbohydrate counting.
They check out the glycemic values of all the food they put together,
and then they prepare for you.
Fresh, delicious food.
Nothing frozen.
Nothing pre-fat.
No additives.
No chemicals.
No crap.
And they deliver right to your door a little black sack every morning by 6 in the AM.
They're on time, by the way, unless some other people.
And in your black sack, there were three delicious meals and two great snacks,
even a 16 ounce bottle of water, and plenty of food to keep you full and happy
and satisfied all day long.
And if you stay with it, you'll watch the way to pour off your ass day after day.
The lovely Katrina's lost close to 20 pounds in balance for life,
and you can do the same or more.
So whether it's 10 pounds or 50, a hundred or more,
this is the easy, delicious way to lose that weight, and it really works.
So call Balance for Life and Get Started Right Away.
And this year, make your new users resolution reality after all, finally.
Call 954-568-3229.
That's 954-568-3229, or get more info on their website at balanceforlife.com.
My life and look all this is 420560.
You way, you way.
Come on, baby.
Come play with these titties.
Okay.
It's a press break.
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team.
They're a flood the ball from goal to goal, like no one's ever seen.
Absolutely.
They're on the ground.
That's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put Ben Gay in their
jock.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
No.
Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands.
Absolutely.
They watch the game and all they do is mown and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have faith feedler.
That quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised.
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Jake calls his signals and he brews.
The dolphins have no defense in their offenses at joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
Tell always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than park marks on high zingas that we face in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
Oh what the hell.
Thirty two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
You know a beast made a good point this morning before the show.
We were confabulating a little bit in between him.
Tell me that Moe was an asshole.
He mentioned a very good point.
That is that the dolphins ever did win a Super Bowl.
Again, what would anybody have to talk about in South Florida?
What would they be bitching about?
And QA would be out of business.
What would they talk about?
I give up.
No Davey and Danny and all those other things.
So thank goodness it was the Patriots and not the dolphins.
Not that I want to rub it into.
You bet.
I'd like to just stuff it right up all those silly dolphins right up there but man.
All the way to their throat, all the way to their Adam's apples.
Anyway, here's our poll today.
Especially the ungrateful bastards that people don't appreciate talent like Moe.
Absolutely.
Well they're awfully lucky.
You know his calls.
Yes, stick it up your ass.
Okay.
You silly old coot man.
You disgusting piece of crap.
Man.
How's it like to live with that for about 30 minutes?
Oh.
Much less 30 years.
Oh thank you.
Which of these is most important to you?
I love this poll today.
I think it's got possibilities.
My next orgasm.
The presidential election.
Will the dolphins make the playoff next season?
Will the panthers make the playoffs this season?
No.
Where are the WMDs?
Will the US allow Gays to marry?
Will the government take away my guns?
Will I go to heaven?
Will I burn in hell?
Or when will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth?
Those are the 10 choices on today's poll.
I like that.
It goes to show you that I have a sick mind, which everybody knows, but I'm proud of it.
In fact, we got some votes on there already.
Let's see what kind of audience we really have.
Nine, the presidential election.
Seven, my next orgasm.
Squirt, Squirt.
When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth?
Four.
Probably when her next CD comes out.
Will the dolphins make the playoffs next season?
One, will the panthers make the playoffs this season?
One, and where are those WMDs?
One, and will the US allow Gays to marry?
One, out of the first 24 votes.
Now, let me rip CBS for about an hour, okay?
They make me sick.
It's enough to just see tears pouring from that CBS eye.
What are the disgraceful performance they did?
First of all, they started in the first five minutes, and we've got L. Presidente, W. Is on there.
See, this is the same network that wouldn't take the move on.orgad because it was well political, and all this other crap.
But they put the president on there, spew it a bunch of mindless crap about Houston, this, and Texas, and a lot of other garbage.
That had nothing to do with anything.
Then, we are treated to two of the most unbelievably incompetent.
I mean, if this is the best CBS can do, they should just, they should give the rights to broad to MTV.
At least they'd spice it up a little bit for, and it fell next year.
Fox and MTV.
No more CBS.
When your best broadcast crew is Greg Gumball, who'll be on any shadow of a doubt, is so coma-inducing, so terminal, and so incompetent.
And the only reason he's there is because of Nepotism, because he's Brian Gumball's brother.
And the anxious Phil Sims, who's now become the Tim Macarver of football, and constantly, like, right to the end of the game.
One of the key plays in the entire game was the kickoff that went out of bounds near the last kickoff by Carolina, that gave the waitlin' a ball on the 40-yard line.
And instead, here we're re-showing the previous play and the touchdown, the guy was wide open, and Phil Sims is fine.
I realize he's not directing the telecast, but that's his part of the ambience.
And here Phil Sims is, bop bop bop bop bop bop.
And I tell us about where the goddamn ball is, you morons, it's out of 40-yard line, which was the key to the pay for his being able to get down, feel the kick the winning field goal.
Nice going Adam, again.
They just sucked.
And then, of course, in half time, a lot of people are talking about, everybody's talking about Janet, because America's so repressed.
It's a booby, it's a titty, look at that.
But there was also a streaker before the start of the half time festivities, but did anybody ever see it?
Of course, I know they always say, well, we don't want to show the speakers because it'll encourage other people to do it.
But man, they did everything but put a black screen on there of the test pattern, water, chron-kite space, everything over the screen to make sure that we couldn't see it.
And here all the commotion is going on and you see all these security people running around.
But God forbid we should really make any specific illusion to that, right? Just a couple of veiled references.
Because they already had America so titillated anyway with Janet's booby there, I mean God forbid we should talk about naked people running around on the field.
Right?
Right.
Of course, you know, it's very quiet because he was so mesmerized by the entire proceeding.
I was?
You could be one of, you didn't see any of it?
Not a second.
Man, you are so un-American, it's dangerous.
I wear it.
You just, you better get with it, Mr. Proud.
Yeah, are you really going to put you on a banana boat and you're asked back if you don't cut it out?
Yeah.
Or you watching older castor movies?
I forget what I was always watching that movie that I told you about.
A really bad movie.
Oh yeah, here's a bad movie, by the way.
What's it ever again that was recommended by the audience?
David Gale, is that it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wouldn't mind watching life at Crystal Gale.
Okay.
But David Gale, so really sucked, huh?
He had to.
Well, sorry.
Yeah, well.
They can't all be great.
No, they can't.
Why not?
Well, because if they were all great, then there would be, if all guys looked like Tom Brady, then there'd be no ugly people.
And there would be no good looking people.
See what I'm saying?
I think.
If all the females looked like Britney Spears, there'd be no, uh, but anyway.
A good point.
It made me appreciate every other movie I ever saw.
All the good ones, even Magnolia, starting to look a little bit better.
1027 at 560, by the way, to Patriots, their world chance.
I just thought I mentioned it again.
5 and a local, this is 560.
The radio's on your side.
The KUAN.
M-O-N-D-A-Y-A-S-U-C-K-S.
You ignore that.
You idolize them.
And now, you can join them in their most personal moment.
Just when we made you think reality TV couldn't get any better than finally your ass, Fox presents Celebrity Toilets.
Watch all your favorite celebrities go do-do.
Rosie O'Dock.
Dr. Phil.
Oprah.
Trista and Ryan.
Oh, thank you.
Barry's Hilton.
And Coulter.
Even the Christ-like George Boy.
Now Mr. President Boy.
Oh, thanks, Andy.
Yes, all the celebrities we tell you to like, and you do do.
Only on Celebrity Toilets starting this fall on the other side of Fox.
10.30 if I'm 60 WQAM.
He's back on a good stuff again.
Good.
Hot couples contest starts today.
Did you know that?
Yeah.
Sorta?
Well, kind of sort of, and now we know.
Well, Eric was up all night working on that.
Try telling you that.
Woo!
Yeah, well, we'd prefer that he would be up all night working with me.
In fact, get a good night's sleep once in a while, okay?
Fatso?
I email him the stories by latest 536 o'clock tonight before, but he's got other priorities
which we don't even know about.
In fact, I understand he's going to be putting all the words to condolese on there pretty soon again.
Let's see.
Today through February 13, you can submit your entries, and it can be whatever, right?
It can be a hot, heterosexual couple.
It can be two women, two guys.
No animals, though.
Right.
We all have our preferences as to what they can submit.
Yeah.
And if you think you're hot, well, we'll find out because then we'll vote for the hottest couple week of February 16th during that entire week.
And whoever has the most votes will win.
Email your pictures to contestatneorongers.com.
Pretty simple, pretty basic.
Even though it took Eric hours and hours to put this together, I'm sure.
Contestatneorongers.com.
Couple with the most votes wins their choice of these surprises.
Trip for two to Heedonism in Jamaica or Trip for two to roll, Oasis Casino in the Bahamas.
You choose either one of those.
The second place winner obviously gets was everyone who was left over in third place prize.
They did it for two at the pizza lot.
So with all the respect to Jeff, I mean, that's nice, but there's quite a come down from first to second place to third.
But I'm sure that Jeff will commiserate with you when you have dinner there, okay?
And maybe also look at some other pictures you got.
All the contest rules on our website, Neoroges.com, which until today we've been very, very proud of an Eric's done a masterful job until today.
But nobody's perfect, right?
Right.
And especially him.
I don't want to get, you know, get you in trouble with him because I know the two of you have mended your fences.
Yeah.
Boy, you sure are.
You sure are.
I'm not jumping into this, man.
Okay.
You don't want that phone to keep bringing, whoa, why not?
Those were great days, man.
Just don't ever call Eric.
Don't ever call here again.
Wow.
Oh, yeah.
Which of these is, yeah, in fact, we're bringing a Venerable back if you don't watch it.
If we never get him out of rehab.
Which of these is most important to you, the presidential election 40?
What an audience, man.
Yeah.
They got their thumb on it.
My next orgasm, well, let's see, 43 now for the next president.
27 for my next orgasm, scored, scored.
When will I see Janet Jackson's other T21, which may be connected to number two?
Will the dolphins make the playoffs next season?
No.
Seven.
Where are those WMDs?
Six.
Will the government take away my guns?
Three.
Come on.
Will the US allow Gaze to marry two?
Will I go to heaven, two?
Not if you...
Well, I wonder if those schmata heads went to heaven.
The 244 that died in the trample and the trampoline.
A high level of heaven.
Did you see the head, the news star on that?
No, I was...
When they showed the head, Hancho or schmata head, saw Schwartz, whatever his name was.
And he, Mohammed, saw Schwartz, I believe, was his name.
He said, yes, 244 people have passed away.
They passed away.
What a way to put it.
They got trampled at that, you asshole.
You idiot.
Let's see.
Will the Panthers make the playoffs this season, too?
And will I burn in hell?
Not in this crowd.
No.
No, if we would have had...
If you were listening, then he might have to vote on that.
Maybe when he gets home.
Will he burn in hell?
Absolutely.
You know, he will.
Believe me.
So here's the story that everybody's talking about.
Now, let's see.
Here's a poll.
Which is the following sporting event?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, thank you.
Now, but it's a sports poll.
See, and we, a lot of our people don't understand.
Number one, this is not a sports show.
Thank God.
And number two, we have a lot of people in this audience who don't care about sports.
It's just like George.
Just like Hardass little George, who didn't watch any of the...
Even a halftime show with a booby and with a commercial's nothing.
Zero, not a moment.
Here's Tom Brady again.
Still looking good.
Nice going, Tommy.
I bet you this touchdown pass.
There it is.
Wide open in the end zone.
At any rate.
Janet Jackson exposed a halftime show.
CBS apologized yesterday for an unexpectedly R-rated end to a Super Bowl halftime show.
When singer Justin Timberling tore off part of Janet Jackson's top exposing her breast.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
That was PG-13 at best.
Exposing what looked like at least part of her breast.
Oh, my God.
Exactly.
I could have said a better myself for the front part.
CBS deeply regrets the incident.
Spokeswoman Leslie Ann Wade said at the network received several calls about the show.
You know what the people were saying?
Oh, my God.
And some of the people were saying, well, can we see that again?
The two singers were performing a flirtatious duet to win a halftime show.
At the song's finish, Timberlake reached the cross-jaxons leather gladiator outfit
and pulled off the covering to a right breast.
The network quickly cut away from the shot.
Didn't mention the incident on the ear.
Of course, Timberlake said he didn't intend to expose Jackson's breast.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Who are you, kitten Justin, huh?
I think the same number of people believe that is believed that he might be heterosexual.
BOT-3DMAN.
And believe that he was doing Britney.
BOT-3DMAN.
Yeah.
Likely Sturry.
The guy from MTV promised dudes in all the everywhere.
Even in a weekly reader, it said, hey, be sure to be watching halftime show
or something outrageous is going to happen.
But no, he didn't intend to expose that teeny.
No way.
I'm sorry that anyone was offended by the wardrobe malfunction during the halftime performance
that he's superbowl to...
Yeah.
That's right.
It was a wardrobe malfunction.
Yeah.
The whole top was supposed to come on.
Right.
Yeah.
And the bottom, too.
I'm sorry that anyone was offended by the wardrobe malfunction during the halftime performance
of the Superbowl, Tinkerbell said in the statement.
It wasn't intentional.
I did it as regrettable.
He said, oh my god.
This is hysterical.
Wade said CBS officials attended rehearsals of the halftime show all week.
And there was no indication any such thing would happen.
The moment did not conform to CBS's broadcast standards.
We'd like to apologize to anyone who was offended.
We'd like to apologize.
Yeah.
The Superbowl halftime show, which also featured P. Diddy, Nellie and Kid Rock, was produced, of course, by MTV.
CBS's corporate cousin and the Unch's Viacom.
We were extremely disappointed by elements of the MTV produced halftime show, Joe Brown,
NFL executive vice president said that we're totally inconsistent with assurances our office was given about the content of the show.
It's unlikely that MTV will produce another Superbowl halftime.
MTV issued a contrite statement in which it also apologized.
Well, here's the exact statement.
I got it right here.
It'll take about two seconds to read it.
It says, the tearing of Janet Jackson's costume was unrehearsed, unplanned, completely unintentionally.
And was inconsistent with assurances we had about the content of the performance.
MTV regrets this incident occurred.
We apologize to anyone who was offended by it.
That's it.
Speaking of apologize.
Yes.
You want to apologize to Eric?
You should apologize to Eric.
About what?
Look at not only is the link up, but you should go check it out.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Click on the link to the contest and then look at the pictures.
There are some sample pictures already of a couple of couples on there.
Okay.
That you should see.
Where the hell are they?
The rules are listed and there's a link there that says, look at the pictures.
Okay.
And it's already got a couple of couples.
Okay, just relax.
Boy, you're sure easy, man.
Yeah.
I'm been trying to tell you that.
Oh, okay.
Like I said, Eric, you're an asshole.
I mean, this is what he was up all night doing.
Oh, that's not it.
I'm just going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to
say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going
When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth 29? Will the dolphins make the playoffs next season? No. No, 10. No
They won't. Where are the WMDs eight? Will the government take away my guns for God damn it. Will the US allowed Gase to marry two? Will I go to heaven, two? Will the Panthers make the playoffs this season? No.
Two, and still nobody is worried about where I burn in hell.
I'd start thinking about it, Eric.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
No.
You don't bring me just those.
We stopped playing football.
You hardly watch, wimble, then anymore.
And you had like, jaw on Valentine's Day.
I remember when we changed each other's for you.
Hell, hands while losing soil.
And you have Mr. Miss Oh just right.
When we caught our air so pretty one day.
We were just like Jimmy Big Bang.
And you don't bring me just those.
Just anymore.
You licked me like I deserve.
Almost touched my liver.
But lizards don't count anymore.
You just mount the door when I go away.
They be our new member.
When we both put that tractor, I caught the fur balls.
And I spit like a guy.
Well, I caught myself and I'm getting bored.
I tried to think we could grow.
Eric nights like a guy.
Eric nights like a guy.
You don't bring me just those anymore.
Oh, where who gets the truck when I tell you goodbye.
You won't give it to us.
You'd better leave the chainsaw.
Cause you don't bring me to those anymore.
I got some big news thanks to my friends here.
I'm going to give it to you.
But I wish there was some more information on this.
Did he give it to you?
He had a printout that he was.
It wouldn't fax.
Here's real radio in Atlanta.
A 1.5.3.
The Bob and Tom Morning Show.
Which they're great.
We love that.
Oh, look at this.
Ferrell has got a gig.
Nice going, Scott.
How do you like that?
I'm clicking on my copy now.
I am so excited.
I heard that he stopped at most house to tell him.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay.
Anyway, he's in Atlanta.
Scott Ferrell, 10 to 3.
I'm not trying to piss anybody off.
I'm trying to get another skin.
Said Ferrell manages to do both.
My show is never boring.
Even if you're boring, ever, if you're boring, nobody will listen.
Is this what he said before?
This is...
He says, if you're boring, people don't listen.
If you're not boring, people listen.
If people do listen to Ferrell, you'll be hooked before you know it.
This is the same blurb that we had on our website or whatever.
Or wherever we were promoting him for two minutes.
Remember?
Pretty much.
A former Atlanta resident, Ferrell has decided to return and listeners will no doubt embrace him again.
Oh my god, look what he sandwiched between one good show and one nightmare.
Bob Atom in the morning, which we love them out of Indianapolis, syndicated in the 8-Minute Stations,
and in the afternoon, oh god.
Can you believe it?
The Schmidt show.
Between a couple of really funny guys who are off the wall and Ferrell, of course, is out of his mind.
And then you got a right wing asshole on there.
At night, 6 to 7, they got the Kimmer.
What the hell is the Kimmer?
Never heard of it.
Atlanta's favorite bad boy, the Kimmer.
He's only on for an hour though because he's getting old, I guess.
7 to 8, the Kimmer regurgitated.
They got, oh what a station this is.
It must be Clutchy Channel.
The best of Bob and Tom, 8 to 10 p.m.
Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
From 10 to 1.
In other words, they have more than just one right wing show.
And Coach to Coach, they have him overnight.
Wow, wow.
Good luck, Scott.
You'll need it, baby.
Wow, wow, wow.
So Ferrell's got to get in Atlanta.
I'll take your children.
I'll sell them to some Haitians.
Good.
Okay, here's the fact that says, you know, you're right in the oil.
That was the worst broadcast of a football game period.
Absolutely correct.
And I've ever heard much less being a Super Bowl.
They were either hung over from the parties,
reading the Sunday funny papers while occasionally looking at the telepropter,
just plain dull-minded.
Well, when you think of the word dull, Greg Gumball comes to mind immediately
and Phil Sims, which, you know, he's articulate.
He doesn't shout out.
He's the nice, the nice pot band of football.
It says that maybe the end of Super Bowl audio,
just show breast and make farting sound.
Guarantee, even though they get those gigantic ratings,
we'll double the audience.
We'll have 20 billion people watching.
Even if fetuses will be tuning in.
It says, and since we're on the subject,
if you pay close attention to pre-game shows and all the networks,
which I don't because I don't watch them,
they've all become a contestist so you can pick the winner of the game.
Like a private office pool between Jocks on TV.
You know, Jock.
Who gives an F who thinks who's going to win the game?
It's an endless move.
Nothing works here.
He wants my cigarettes.
He says, he's losing his mind.
I don't blame you.
I don't blame you.
CBS is the evil eye, man.
Yeah, I'm glad that they...
And of course, you know, they're just faking it too,
because Vyacom don't want to piss off the White House,
and those movies are all of fundamentalists.
Just when they're on a verge of getting everything that they want
and buying up every radio and TV and newspaper in America,
they don't want to like piss anybody off now.
Be a bad idea.
Which of these is most important to you,
we ask it today.
We got 10 fabulous choices on that pool.
206 votes and about a half an hour.
That is shocking, George, if you ask me.
Is it shocking?
It is.
I'm glad you asked.
Oh, commercial winners, let's see.
And what was my answer?
And I said, boy, she...
You go, Donkey.
We turn our attention back.
That's super vol-
You go, Donkey.
Oh, Darren Kagan, shame on you.
You silly...
She's okay. I like her.
She's cutesy.
She's cutesy, but she's not like a bubble-minded idiot like Solidae.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, and look at her.
She ain't too cutesy.
Who's that broad?
Are you watching CNN?
Probably.
For the fly.
Wow, man, oh man.
That looks like Belagosi and Drag.
That's...
That's Belah.
That's Belah.
Anyway, which of these is most important to you,
the presidential election 84?
My next orgasm 57,
George Quert.
When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth 38?
Can we say TITNO, TIT?
Well, the dolphins make them play off next season 12.
Where are those WMVs 8?
Well, I go to heaven five.
Only if you say I'm uphill, Mary's.
Keep rubbing and beads.
Will the government take away my guns five?
Five.
Five are worried about that.
Well, the US allowed gaze to Mary 3.
Well, the Panthers make them play off this season two
are very concerned about that.
And nobody is worried about will they go to hell?
Will they burn health out of 214?
You better start worrying right now.
You better make your peace with the Lord, okay?
You better get on the right side.
That's the far right side with the Lord.
I heard Moe made his peace with the Lord.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
See, the Holy Peace.
In fact, when I saw that thing the first time I said,
Good God.
Last night during halftime,
I zipper my hand in my last jar of acetylene,
simultaneously malfunctioned.
Well, are we set our condolences to you, okay?
I got news to you.
For anybody who could have been titilated by that millisecond.
Of course, now, just in case you missed it the first time alive,
they're showing it over and over.
And they got like a little black out, a little blotch on there, you know?
And it's on the side.
Although maybe it's not a blotch, maybe she does have that skin disease.
What is it?
It's up on Neil Rogers.
In Pantigo.
Any blotches or splotches.
What's on our website?
Something's actually on our website.
We only have about two thirds of the stories from Sunday.
I don't want to start picking on Eric,
but he really pissed me off today for real.
I don't see it on our website.
I don't see no Janet Jackson.
I don't see her breast.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, look at that.
Nice work, Eric.
We actually have an in-motion.
It puts the motion in her basket.
Oh, it'll play around.
We got the vididio.
Yeah.
Now, now, what is that thing on her nipple?
See, we didn't see the nipple.
And quite frankly, all the simists that's going on about that.
If you don't see the nipple, it doesn't make any difference anyway.
Right?
Isn't that the criteria in America that we can show the female nipple?
But you can show the bris.
It's a ring that goes around the nipple.
With a skewer going through the nipple to hold it on.
Yeah.
All right?
Yeah, but if you know where Justin was wearing that ring before,
she put it on.
Oh, man.
Smaller than I thought.
And that, yeah.
Believe you me, he don't have the asperadist to do it.
He is just gruesome.
But anyway, there it is on our website.
In case you didn't see it, and we don't block it out for you, okay?
So here's a word for all your little kids out there.
Make sure that they watch it.
I mean, make sure you don't go to neowriders.com
and watch Janet Jackson's breast being unfurled over it, over it, over it.
You might start getting, and then you will have to worry about your next score.
Scorchism.
Right?
Right.
Maybe we might solve that, come up with a solution for you.
He is just ripping that thing and ripping it.
Yeah, then we go to close up, and he's ripping it again.
And like I said, Eric, you're the best man.
You're a little bit slow sometimes, but he's okay.
Sooner or later, Eric comes around, you know?
Oh, guess who was suffering chest pains?
Are we going to take any calls today?
I know it's a Monday.
QAM.
And the islanders throttle the crappy pants there's four to two.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Come on now.
That was a big game, by the way.
Does anybody care?
No, only him.
He's depressed.
See, that's a long good thing about South Florida sports.
Everybody can be perpetually depressed.
The Marlins, if anybody cared about it, that would have kind of like sued some minds,
but nobody really cares about that.
So they pretended for a couple days they really cared, but we know they don't.
So all the Marlins are the world champions, but that's not the one we want.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
The Marlins could lose every game, and if the dolphins just made the playoffs,
that would be a good pull to take.
Which of these would you be willing to make as a trade-off?
The Marlins lose every game, and the dolphins make the playoffs.
Huh?
Or would we have to say the dolphins get into Super Bowl?
Because you know, they sure are not going to win it.
Ha ha ha ha.
Right.
They don't care about the Marlins.
If it were not in the dolphins in Carolina yesterday, man, it would have been a massacre.
And that kid, Jake Del Homeaux, that quarterback for Carolina, he don't get the credit he deserves.
I mean, he threw a couple of, they're toward the end.
It was like, we just refused to lose, man.
They were starting to really piss me off.
We refused to lose.
It was a hell of a game, but then everybody's talking about breast about T.D.'s
because America's repressed, I mean, any Western, like in Europe.
Any country that had like breast on TV would be, it wouldn't even be news.
There's breast all over your TV.
In fact, when you buy your TV, there's a couple right on top.
Just to keep you occupied.
And that's one of the reasons people in Europe aren't out shooting each other with guns
because they got their hands on top of the TV.
Right?
Right.
Instead of putting your hand on a Bible, they put their hands on top of the TV.
So anyway, I started to tell you guys who's been hospitalized with chest pains.
Who has been hospitalized with chest pains?
You'll have time right now.
I have to play after the break.
Teamwork!
Marlins and laws!
This is sports radio crisis!
You way, yeah.
Check out!
That very man-alow.
He's had a ton of hits.
But none as painful as the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose.
Ow!
And now, Barry's singing about it in his brand new CD can't smell without you.
With fractured versions of Barry's hits like Ko-Fa-Kavana.
I broke my, broke my banana.
And now it's the size of her banana.
As well as a remastered and really nasally version of Mandy recorded a moment of impact.
Oh damn it!
My nose hit the wall now and taking.
But that's not all.
Barry Manalow's can't snow without you is swollen with hits.
You nose and love!
Like, I break the snars.
I made it through the pain.
Looks like I broke it.
And a title track with Barry's trademark hook.
You know I can't smell without you.
I can't breathe without you.
I can't stiff and I can't pick.
It looks like my face was hit with a prick.
Barry Manalow's can't smell without you.
Swalk into a wall mark.
Ow!
And pick up a copy today.
So guess what's hospitalized with test pains?
Who?
Come on.
I just gave you a little clue there.
Barry Manalow?
Yeah.
Tom Svain's California.
Barry Manalow was hospitalized after suffering from chest pain due to stress.
His public is said.
But then, 57 was hospitalized.
Then after returning to his home from New York where he and the co-writer Bruce Sussman had taken part of two of the most grueling days of arbitration and lawsuit overwrites to the musical harmony.
Harmony ran into the Philadelphia.
He was canceled in November because it fell short of its capitalization.
A 97 production at the La Jolla play out in California also faltered and closed after mixed reviews.
In other words, it sucked.
I say.
That show, which is music by Manalow and the book and lyrics by Sussman, is about the comedian harmonists, the group of singers, popular in the last days of Germany's Vimar Republic.
Oh, that must be making a comeback because you feel like the Vimar Republic.
Stop.
Manalow told the New York Post at the time of the Philadelphia cancellation other than the death of my mother.
This is probably the most devastating day of my life, maybe even more so because it affects so many other people.
Well, I would tend to agree with that other than the death of my mother that would probably be devastating for me too, although she hasn't died yet.
How's that pull coming so far?
Eric, let's see.
Which of these is most important to you?
We got 261 votes. Are you ready for that?
I'm ready.
The presidential election 100.
My next orgasm 75.
I'll speak in a president's.
I want to thank all of you for working so hard.
My next orgasm 75.
I want to see Janet Jackson's other T-44.
You can see Janet's T-right there on our website, baby. It's moving. It's flopping around.
And Justin keeps whipping it out, whipping it off.
Well, the dolphins make the playoffs next season, 15.
No.
Don't worry about it.
Where are the WMVs 8?
Well, I go to heaven five.
Well, the government take away my guns five.
Well, the panthers make the playoffs this season four.
Well, the US allowed Gastamer 4.
And finally one out there who's finally started to think probably, probably Eric voted while I burned in hell.
Starting to worry about that bad. I'm 261.
Here's some more dead people.
WQM, hello.
I just talking to you. You hear that?
I heard it.
That was Janet.
WQM, hello.
Ladies and gentlemen, Alan Font.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil. I can't.
What's he being candid with me or what? What is it, sir?
I can't find the Janet Jackson thing on internet.
On our website?
Yes.
Not possible.
I went to NeilLadris.com.
Yes. How long ago?
This is second ago.
And it comes up main menu and accounting and searches and related topics.
Yeah.
Huh?
What are you talking about?
Oh, wait a minute.
Internal server error. What's this all about?
Now what's going on with our homepage?
Just a moment.
This guy could be right.
I'm not getting anything right now.
And you want to know why?
Probably because it's overloaded.
Maybe I could have put it down.
I can't reload it either.
Do I go to WQM or do I go to NeilLadris?
No, I don't go to QIN, I don't know.
That's the worst website you'll ever see in your life.
Just as Josh, you'll see it.
You don't want to see that piece of crap.
Just keep trying. Keep pushing it, right?
Uh, evidently there's so many people trying to get on there right now.
We may just be on overload.
You hear that?
So just keep it. It's on there, man.
Okay, thank you.
Just keep hanging away at it.
And the website too.
Oh, we don't want to do that, do we?
Today I'm going to think I got my page otherwise.
Oh, look at this.
It's just getting all spastic and everything now.
Is yours?
Yeah.
Wow. This is great.
We're destroying it.
How many million hits are we getting?
BOT 3, man!
The error will make about four or five bucks today by the end of the internal server error.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Internal server error is what it's saying.
It is just spasged out.
Anyway, here's some dead people while you're looking for Gen Jackson's booby.
Isn't this sad? Isn't it?
Although it is, it is much better than the original because the original was like about a half a second.
Throwing on toad.
Yeah.
What they keep showing over and over again.
There's David K. by the way, who said they're all a bunch of liars.
Ed Sheyaki died.
Sheyaki Zagaki Ed Sheyaki.
Legendary Philadelphia DJ who during the 1970s,
was suffering attention to new artists like Bruce Springsteen, Billy Joel, and yes!
At radio stations like WMMR,
WI-O-Q and WMKG,
but especially recognizes the first to see the talent of and promote Bruce Springsteen.
Oh, he died January 29th of unknown causes while visiting New York. He was only 55.
BB Patton died.
Evangelist Bible teacher and college founder hosted the radio program The Shepard Hour from 1951 to 87
and the TV show The BB Patton are beginning in 1976.
Died in California January 24th after a long illness in Oakland, the age 90.
Oh, that's old enough.
Dick Holly, newscaster at WMC TV in Memphis.
From 1951 to 1993, he had a long run.
Best remember for his coverage of the death of Elvis in Memphis in 1977,
and was one of the most recognizable faces in the city of Memphis.
He died January 29 in Memphis of Heart disease, 8.79.
And,
Don, Hardboiled Haggerty.
Are you still getting internal server error? Yes.
Well, what's going on there? I don't know.
Don, Hardboiled Haggerty, pro football player turned wrestler,
then actor who played for the Packers Newly Fifties under real name Don Stansock,
who became wrestler Hardboiled Haggerty during the 50s and 60s,
where he held the US title of version of the World Heavyweight title
and several versions of the World Tag Team titles,
who turned to acting and appeared numerous feature films like HB Haggerty,
like Painter Wagon, Earthquake, Dirty Harry and Foxy Brown.
And on TV shows like The Incredible Hulk, Happy Days and Starsky and Hudge,
died January 27th at his home in Malibu, California,
from a fax of a broken neck.
Suburban June 2003 was 78.
Not too good to have a broken neck, you know? No, I always.
Well, the thing is, make it a little bit of a comeback now.
It's a problem. See, all we need on that website, man, Eric,
if you want to make a fortune, let's just put a bunch of porno on it.
One is what I did. Did I say that a couple of weeks ago?
Let's just put some porno on there, man. Just a breast.
Not even attached to anything. Just a couple of boobies.
What do you think the whole idea was behind this contest when I cooked it up last year?
No. I understand that, but we can't, the cops don't go out for it.
In addition to which I want to be kind,
I mean, some of the people we had last year
would be very stimulating. Trust me when I tell you.
Very stimulating. Some of the other people, God bless them.
Less stimulating. I'll be very diplomatic.
Less stimulating. Although, some of the other people in the audience
would be looking almost anything if it was alive or once was alive
or maybe thinking about being alive, that would already be stimulating.
Look at this way, I think. There was something there for everybody.
I can't get nothing on here. I got mine back.
You do? The polls and all that. The regular page that we look at here.
Oh. Mine? My page? Yes. Well, I'm working on it.
Edwards and Clark see new gains in pool. We got seven big primaries again tomorrow.
Boy, every week we got some. No, mine just keeps saying internal server error.
Now, what is that?
I don't know. Did you finally get beyond that?
No, I still, I got the page to display, but still it says internal server error.
Oh, no. I think we're destroying the server.
Anyway, Edwards and Clark, now I could give you the numbers on this pool,
but they're not up to date because they changed the, they put it on their website, MSNBC.
I think they're in league with CBS.
I think that most of us believe that NBC has something to do with MSNBC
that they're the parent company, but I think they're in affiliate CBS.
That wicked evil crying eye because they put on their website these numbers,
which are from yesterday, but they've changed them on their telecast.
So in Missouri, Carrie was at 43. He's got 50% today.
But if you look at yesterday's numbers, Carrie 43% Edwards 14,
Dean 7, Clark 4, and Julie Rubinzelne got three.
He's not doing anything anywhere.
Although he's got very good endorsements from newspapers.
Oklahoma, Clark 24, Carrie 24, dead even flat foot, Thai, Edwards 16,
Lieberman 6, and Howard Dean's only got 5% in Oklahoma.
South Carolina, Edwards 26, Carrie 24,
but the new one today showed Edwards ahead by 5, 30, 25.
Clark 9%, Dean only 7%, Sharpen 6, and Lieberman only 5% in South Carolina.
How many Jews in South Carolina?
That's who he's got. And Arizona.
Now this one shows, let's see, Carrie with 36,
but the brand new one today showed him with 40 points.
40%, Clark 25, Dean 13, and Lieberman again,
sucking wind with only 6% in Arizona.
How many Jews in Arizona?
About 30, man.
And it's the same 30. They just keep moving around.
So that's the latest we got those big lets see.
How many liches would take to get the WMD center of a W?
Why? To get to the WMD center of a WPOP.
Do you understand this?
I understand where they're going, but it just didn't work.
Okay.
It's way beyond me. It's way beyond my scope.
I can't get back on here now.
I just want to think we're making some progress on our website.
We might have to take a couple of calls while we're waiting for this to be booted.
Huh?
So we find out about it. See what the hell's going on here?
They're going nuts with Janet's movie.
It is the video. I just got a little chat thing from Eric.
No.
WQA M, hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah, something to me.
Speaking.
How you doing man?
All right man, how you doing?
Come back to Paris. I said that folks are fine.
I blow it out to your ass.
Is that Russian?
Yeah. He said Paramachi Paruski.
Ah.
WQA M, hello.
Hi. Am I going to have it?
WQA M, hello.
QA M.
Well, all of a sudden I don't know where we're here.
Like, frantic ring.
Like that frantic flashing.
I thought they might have something to say.
WQA M, hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
This is Gary from Philadelphia. I haven't heard about Ed Shaki.
He would be a pronounce it Shaki.
Haven't thought about him or heard about him in years.
So thanks for that update.
He was a disciple.
He was the guru of...
Was that a high-proud student Shaki?
Shaki, Ed Shaki.
Maybe he invented Shaki radio.
Well, he was the guru of rock and roll in Philadelphia for years.
He didn't go up for...
Even before Ellen Fried?
Well, no, no, not.
But down Fried.
No, we're talking about a different era.
But in the 70s, maybe late 60s, everybody knew Ed Shaki.
And everybody who came into town to perform were interviewed by Ed Shaki.
So started going.
Well, there you go man. We're on top of it.
All right, thank you.
Thank you Gary. Have a great day.
Start bringing the bad news.
Well, I mean, if you want to know about dead people, man, we know it.
We got our thumb on it.
Let's see.
How's that pull coming?
Of course they don't care about the pull.
They just want to see Janet's movie.
It's a movie. It's a movie. It's a city, mommy. It's a city.
Seriously, if...
I'm glad that only 10% of the American public has got passports.
Because if more than 10% realized how inversing this was,
we might have a revolution. That would be bad.
Yeah, over that be good.
Which of these is most important to you?
The presidential elections. See, they want a revolution. 114.
They want Justin to come in.
Hey, Justin, come back only.
We don't want to see any more of your singing. Just say,
BYE BYE BYE!
The W, okay, then we might even change your attitudes about Justin,
but I don't think so.
The presidential election 114, my next orgasm 85,
when will I see Janet Jackson's other TD 58,
which you might be able to connect number two and three?
Will the dolphins make the playoffs next season?
No.
16.
Where are those WMDs 10?
Will I go to heaven seven?
Will the government take away my gun six?
Only if you go to heaven.
Will the panties make the playoffs this season five?
Will the U.S. allow Gaze to marry four and will I burn in hell three out of three or eight?
3008 votes and less than now, man.
They're power, they're power pushing it now, you know what?
They're power pushing it, yanking it, twisting it,
and it's all because of Janet and Justin Tinkerbell.
1113 is five, 60 WDQM.
What do we got today? We got the mad dog at two.
You got the Humber and Vegas.
Another tough assignment for Hank today.
Becoming four and seven out there in Vegas.
Nice work if you can get it, Hank.
Hurricane Hotline at seven, the big eight to ten,
80K, ten, and Joe and Mark overnight, two to five to eight a.m.
As a lead into the anxious one,
you know, president stays less than two weeks away.
That means that the mall stores and showrooms will be running those phony mattress sales.
You know the ones where they double the price then pretend to give you half off.
Well, if you really want rock bottom prices on the best mattresses around 365 days a year,
pick up that instrument right now and call 1-800 mattress.
That's the number for my good pizons at dollar mattress.
There's no phony sales, no bait and swish, just every day rock bottom prices on the complete line of silly.
Serta Simmons, King Quarrel, Temporpietic, and now, Steerings and Foster.
Choose from dozens of models at low-everyday discount prices.
You can rest easy and enjoy a great night's sleep by calling 1-800 mattress right now.
Only dollar mattress lets you choose a two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule any day,
seven days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 a.m.
Dollar mattress is proud of their overall customer satisfaction record.
With low prices, same day delivery, free set up and mobile, it's easy for even a mole-round to see.
Why dollar mattresses rank the best in the world and customer satisfaction?
So what are you waiting for? Don't get sucked in by all those phony ads.
Do what I've been doing for years along with George and Bokobrine and Miguel and even Fatboy.
We've all made that call and we're pleased to do it.
Call 1-800 mattress. That's 1-800-MATTRES for a great night's sleep for years and months to come.
Or check them out online at mattress.com.
Live and local. Here's sports video 560, she way.
She way.
How the sound of the doctor Dean and his wife make it low.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
1117 at 560 WQAM.
There are hoot, you know what?
Oh, speed of the jacksons and you don't think that she's trying to cover her ass, do you know?
I don't mean literally.
What?
Well, no, she knows that the gravy train may be like a fall in a park pretty damn soon.
So she's got like, sell a couple of CDs, 10 or 20 anyway.
I've got her own money though, if any of them do.
Let me say it again.
None of them want off of that gravy train.
Okay.
Keep that in mind.
Keep that right in the forefront of your mind.
Yeah, but it's not like she's the toya.
No, while the toya course now has really changed her tune, even more than Dr. Ankins.
Authority search home of former Jackson producer.
And celebrity justice has got a little bit of a blurb on his, but not really worth the...
Not worth talking about.
Authority search the home of one of Michael Jackson's former music producers for an hour
Saturday, but refused to disclose how or even if the search was connected, the B.S.
Charges, the entertainer is facing.
So like I said, I better put the other thing out.
They were looking for documents and records of phone calls and stuff, you know?
They were in there for four hours.
Sheriff's Investigators from Santa Barbara County, where Jackson's cases unfolding search the
calabassist, residents of Markshire Fell, between three and four in the afternoon.
Well, that's not true because they said they were in there for four freaking hours just
rummaging through crap.
So John Capri, depending with the LA County Sheriff Department, the home is in LA County.
She fell who produced Jackson song.
What more could I give two years ago?
Was not home during the search entertainment night report on its website.
Santa Barbara Sheriff's spokesman, Sergeant Chris Papis, declined to say what the research
warrant was executed, citing a gag order issued in the case.
Jackson, why we know that.
So Michael is worried about all them, a little children and Jesus,
and Janet is bearing it there on the Worldwide TV on a Super Bowl.
You think the people around the rest of the world were equally impressed?
No.
No.
The people that can turn on their TV on over the air, even here in Canada, you think they were impressed?
No.
You can see boobies all over the place, man.
They're all going to laugh at you.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, now there's that lesbian fantasy that we had from the poll on Friday and this one,
she looks a little bit like Christina Aguilara but not quite as mousey.
In fact, just to prove it's not her, they have a whole block of cheese next to her
and she's not even looking at it.
No, seriously.
She's looking more like down.
Ha!
But anyway.
Yeah, we're going to put pornographic pictures on our website every day, why not?
Yeah?
That's the answer, Eric.
Well, the hot couple's contest will be like the soft core, the prelude to that,
or play.
There'll be a little bit of internet for play and then after that we'll have like some kind of an ex-rated picture
on there every single day because obviously if you could see the response,
well you can see the response on that page.
Oh my god, it's unbelievable.
We may break all records today.
See, when we put something on there like the bush thing that had the buttons on there,
which I thought was fabulous, you know, and that was great.
And that gets some response, you know, people are interested in that,
and it's fun, they play with it a little while.
But when they look at these pictures, they play with it a lot more.
Right.
Not everything explodes.
Exactly.
Squirt, Squirt.
Anyway, bush to pick panel.
He finally caved in.
But he's going to pick the panel.
You think Henry Kissinger might be on it?
There you go.
And Richard Perlin-Paul Wolfowitz.
They sound really qualified to be on that panel to investigate.
President Bush was given several minutes of free air time to talk crap on the CBS
before the Super Bowl yesterday in front of a worldwide audience of 40 billion people,
really ashamed.
He will name members of a commission to review pre-war U.S. intelligence about Iraq's weapons programs.
A senior administration official said today.
The senior officials said the president consulted some appropriate lawmakers
about the appointments for a bipartisan independent commission.
Many such previous panels have involved compromises in which the president named some members
and congressional leaders select others.
Bush could name the appointments as soon as today,
but they also could come in a few days as the White House scrambles
to arrange security clearances and other procedures for the panel members, yada yada yada yada.
So they don't want up like Dr. David- what was his name in England?
K.
No, no, that's the one here.
Oh, Dr. David Kelly.
They don't want to wind up like that.
Very good.
Now is he came to R. Kelly?
Not R. Kelly.
Maybe you're a-
Oh, and I got to get off this Playboy TV.
It's even starting to distract me a little bit.
She's got it off.
Big. Right in front of the-
I mean, right up to the camera almost.
In fact, it looked like the camera lens was stuck almost between her cheeks.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line,
our Hot Couples contest.
The first of-
appear.
First of two starts right now.
You can go on contestatnearroaches.com, email your pictures to that address.
And we'll be taking, let's see, through February 13, which is what?
Friday.
To the end of next week, right?
To Friday.
And then the following week, that'll be the week we'll let people vote.
In the meantime, they can start taking a peek at it.
This will be starting to get an entry.
WDQAM, hello.
Carolina's a girls team.
Right.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Yes, sir.
What's everybody complaining about?
What's the call television to boo, too?
Excellent points, sir.
Yeah, that's why you watched it.
56670560.
I thought that those last two people were the same person, aren't they?
I thought so.
Simon's twins, perhaps.
56670560.
You notice nobody like that one little of the mumbler there.
Carolina's a girls team.
Nobody will ever give credit to another team because that would be bad.
Look at that.
It's a great game or what?
It still was good.
Edith Ventiteri from 41 yards after having an rough start.
There's Robert Kraft, great owner, great owner, great coach, Bill Bello checked the best
of the business, even though we had a couple of brainfarts yesterday during the game,
a couple of bad choices, but nevertheless, nobody's perfect.
And they still won.
And that's why I saw photos.
Oh gee, what could that have been us?
What could that have been us?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to get a quarterback?
What about the offensive line?
What about those receivers?
Remember?
Hey, Jay Fiedler's going to be the man.
He's gone.
He won't see him no more.
How's the pull coming, George?
Just fine.
How's yours?
Lim.
It's just, I'm telling you, there's more crap going on on this website today.
It was a slow start before we're sure making up for it now.
And you own apology, I think, to Eric.
I'm sorry, Eric.
Jesus, the way you were ragging on his ass this morning.
All morning, all of the cheese still sleeping at Fad Tubba Crab,
he probably ate like 40 pounds of food during the Super Bowl last night.
I can't believe you're saying those things about my good friend Eric.
Well, you know how I am.
I'm a little flirty-dew wet.
Just in Timberlake flashes Janet Jackson's breast to a worldwide audience.
CBS said, there is a game.
Sorry, as in Timberlake.
But they're blocking that.
Oops, it was a wardrobe malfunction.
Now wardrobe malfunction.
Wow, wow, absolutely.
CBS apologizes for too much skin.
They should apologize for too little skin.
In fact, all the networks shouldn't apologize.
Even MTV for too little skin, okay?
Right.
They want to get a really big view in audience.
And people are really care.
They really are sitting close to the TV.
Show us a lot more skin.
In fact, the opposed game show should have been in the locker room if he asked me.
WQA, hello.
Yes, I'm Emil.
Yes, sir.
If nothing else, I'm glad to see plastic surgery worked out well for at least one jacket.
Have a good day, sir.
Okay.
WQM, hello.
I love the way you lift my balls.
One of yours, George.
Obviously.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Did you call me?
WQM, hello.
Am I going to heaven?
No, not in your case.
Not after this call.
WQA, hello.
Me, no.
Yes, sir.
Damage, cool, everybody.
Come on.
Do you notice how they're all coming apart at the scene?
That's exactly what I expected.
They're coming apart at the scenes, and you want to know why.
Because the dolphins suck.
That's why I was just a football game.
It was nice.
Great game, very exciting.
We had got a little titty action in there to top it all off.
But it wasn't them.
Oh, there it is again.
And we apologize to anyone who was offended by it.
Anybody who was offended by it needs to leave the planet.
Okay, get on that first trip to Mars.
I mean, give me a break and grow up America.
That's the only thing I had to say to you is grow to hell up America already.
For example, while they're all talking about that, we have it on our website.
In fact, it was from yesterday.
US officials knew in May Iraq possessed no WMD.
Blair comes under pressure as Americans admitted it was widely known
that Sun America had no chemical arsenal.
Ready for this?
I'll read just a little bit.
I'm going to start doing a whole bunch of reading here.
Senior American officials concluded at the beginning of last May that there were no weapons
of mass destruction in Iraq.
The observer has learned intelligence sources policy makers and weapons inspected
is familiar with the details of the hunt for WMD told the observer it was widely known
that Iraq had no WMD within three weeks of bagged that falling despite the assertions
of senior Bush administration figures and Prime Minister Tony Blair.
The new revelation came as why not sources indicate that President Bush is going to
establish that investigation in the intelligence despite rejecting an inquiry
the previous day.
He's been pressured anybody's caving, baby.
He's caving.
He just wants to make sure that Henry Kissinger is sitting there with his thumb on the button.
You'll see, wait till you see the list of names of people are going to be doing this investigating.
This bipartisan group.
You'll see.
Okay.
Heinrich Himmer, Hermann Gehring, Kenny Leigh, Joseph Mangalon.
You'll see it from your names.
Henry Kissinger.
Here's a really bad joke that happens to be true.
What has 60 pounds of pasta covered with six gallons of marinara sauce and 40 pounds of ground beef mixed in it.
It's Pompeno Parks free spaghetti dinner and it's tonight Monday's February 2.
Sounds like tonight.
Tonight everybody who buys a Pompeno Park program gets a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the fourth floor players room.
Dinner recludes your salad, rolls in butter, a heaping plate of pasta with sauce.
And even if you don't want to raise program, you can still buy a coupon for just two and a half bucks.
It's the best bargain anywhere in South Florida. It's free for two and a half bucks.
And if that's not enough to get you a climb out to Pompeno Park then try this one on for size.
This Friday, February 6th, Pompeno Park will normally feature great nighttime harness racing action.
Simon will cast in the fabulous poker card room but it's the tracks 40th anniversary night and lots of neat stuff's going to be going on.
They'll have live music including Christmas Donald's tribute to the Elvis show.
Shane Lamar Entertainment's triple shot fan giveaways, free prize drawings, family fun night and teacard display and lots more stuff going on.
It all starts at 7 p.m. And you never know one of the drivers might expose his booby.
Located just a half mile from both I-95 in the Florida turn, fight Pompeno Park is easy to get to.
And best of all Pompeno Park gives you free admission, free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing in the poker room every open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon till midnight, live racing going to get Sunday way nightly at 7.05.
Don't forget to free spaghetti dinner. Don't miss it tonight at Pompeno Park.
For more information, 9.5.4.972.2000 or check them on the web at pompenopark.com.
My life and love all this is for 205.60.
You ain't too late.
You ain't.
Ah!
Ah!
Holy, holy, holy numbers aren't growing.
Our dean is growing to the shrine.
He has delayed and steadily in numbers now are dwindling.
Could it be he has a means by it?
So orders must be thinking what was the doctor drinking and he must have really bad eyesight.
Oh, we got it!
Michigan!
Our dean, Chris Radley.
We got it!
We got it!
New York!
New York!
Raaah!
Our dean, you're right!
Raaah!
Broken, broken, broken.
If those voters vote in, our dean is growing to the shrine.
It's worth blocking carries.
Look better than who he married.
A common dress is what the doctor needs.
The hopeful necked first lady should think twice before display.
Her big foe may come and more see thee.
Pennsylvania!
Ohio, Ohio!
Our dean is growing to the shrine.
Raaah!
Go to the border, California!
See thee!
Washington, Steve!
Our dean is growing to the shrine!
Raaah!
All right!
I love it.
1132, he's not doing too good in these seven states.
He's waiting, man.
He's standing out there in the sidelines.
And then when Michigan and Wisconsin, right, and the Wisconsin and Michigan, any play
sales?
No.
I give up.
Michigan and Wisconsin.
He's about to kick some ass there, man, and build up some of them delegates.
How many's he going to get?
About a third, man!
About a doctor, dean.
Nice try, man.
You got everybody whipped up into a frenzy and now step aside and make way for scary John
Kerry.
Isn't that the way it looks?
Pretty much.
Here's the deal again on our Hot Couples contest number five.
This is number five.
It is.
That's what it says here.
Hot Couples contest V, unless the V is like for neckline.
Where we are, you know I think it is number five.
Did we do two of the previous year?
I did two over the summer while you were gone then.
We did two after you got back.
Leave it to you to be doing a bunch of pornographic stuff while I'm away.
Keep it up.
Oh, let's see.
It'll February 13th through the end of next week to submit your entries.
You may have your pictures to contestatNearRigers.com.
And don't just, I mean if you're like, I don't want to say, anybody is eligible to enter.
Okay.
How about people that won before?
Are they eligible?
Not if they won before but if they entered then yes.
But if you enter it and lost and by all means give it another shot.
If you got, you know, if your embarrassment factor is very low.
In other words, if you're not going to take it personal, try it again.
Maybe a different position or maybe like where one of them burkas, you know cover up your push.
Or take your shirt off this time.
Then we can put those pictures on there and the week of February 16th you'll be able to vote on them.
And then the winner, a couple of the most votes.
And of course it's always, we don't, whatever you do is fine with us.
And there's no way for us to control it. It's on the internet.
Right. So they get all their friends and they each vote 200 times.
And that's fine.
We get a fabulous response on this. Maybe Eric makes about 15 bucks.
A couple of the most votes wins their choice of one of these prizes.
The trip for two to Heedonism and Jamaica or, or, trip for two to Royal Oasis, Cassino and Wittabahamas.
And then the third place, the second place winner gets whichever trip is left over.
And the third place prizes a dinner for two to the pizza loft in Davy.
All contest rules on our website, eoroges.com, and email the pictures to contestatneoroges.com.
And that's the name of that tune.
Oh, by the way.
Don't forget you can see Janet Jackson's booby just flapping and flopping and doing all kinds of things.
Did we go right a little note on that thing that he sent you?
No, we did not.
He just bitched at me about it.
He always, every time we do this, he always gets a lot of emails.
Having nothing to do with the contest.
Just people think that that's a good place to write bitchy letters and...
About what?
About whatever.
About they have a boil, Neil Rogers sucks, George Sucks, you know, stuff like that.
Yeah, well, come suck this.
Right.
Those are all deleted right away.
And it's not an avenue for venting requests or anything else.
So in other words, if you didn't get your best of CD or the key chain of one of those,
there's a good place to get a hold of Miguel.
Okay, contest at NeilRogers.com.
Because he doesn't answer his phone.
He's busy looking forward to reading.
He's busy sniffing the seat where she used to sit.
Ah!
Well, that's what I'm hearing.
That's what I was told by the beast.
Oh, I'm done.
440 votes.
Which of the...
Or was that the chair that Randy used to sit in?
Yeah.
Well, there's a contest.
Come on, Randy.
She's the goddess.
Don't be messing with her.
So what we're doing now, I know we have to make a change.
This year it's the politics and sex show is what it's going to be.
All right.
What's wrong with that?
Now, there's the kick again.
Bosh last night, Super Bowl,
John Kerry's New England Patriots.
Senator Kerry draws the larger lesson from that.
While the game was still in duck, Kerry told supporters
that a Patriots victory would prove that a New Englander
can win and sex.
How do you like that?
I didn't thought of that.
440 votes and just over an hour.
It's a staggering total.
We actually have an audience out there today,
which means they really must be depressed after the
Patriots won her second Super Bowl in three years.
Nice going, Tommy.
Nice going, everybody on that team.
Nice job, baby.
The presidential election, 156.
My next orgasm, 126.
When will I see Janet Jackson's other booby, 86?
We can't say tith.
Well, the dolphins make the playoffs next season, 23.
Where are those WMDs, 13?
Well, the government take away my guns.
10 now.
10 are starting to get a little bit nervous about that,
especially if the Bushmeister loses which he will in November.
When they take away my guns, not if Kerry gets in.
He loves his gun.
Well, I go to heaven nine.
Will I burn in hell six?
Now they're starting, now the honesty factors start to come in a little bit.
They're concerned will they burn in hell?
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because they've been looking at that picture, Janet, too much.
Over and over and over again.
Will the Panthers make the playoffs this season?
No.
Six.
And will the US allow Kays to marry only five?
Nobody cares about that.
Here's a really good, I might do a lot of reading today because I noticed the quality of the calls.
It's a fun.
Well, this ends going to be a good one.
WQM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Yes.
Does Neil speak to me?
Neil, have you ever seen Howard Dean and God's Hill in the same place?
Matt Bivens in the Nation writes the Daily Outrage and the donations for terrorists.
It's kind of short.
Although some other ones I have later a little bit long, short long in between.
Imagine if some bugaboo of the right Hillary Clinton say gave the keynote address of the charity event linked to terrorists.
Imagine if three whole days before Senator Clinton let her name it or time to the event,
the Hill, a quality newspaper that covers Congress had come out with a devastating report linking the charity event to a terrorist organization,
one that has killed Americans, sees the US Embassy in Workt hand in glove, would saw them.
Imagine if the Hill report under the headline, Terrorist Plan DC fundraiser also revealed that the Red Cross,
the purported beneficiary of the event was having nothing to do with it.
Imagine if two whole days before hand, what Republican congressman had demanded that a trained general John Ashcroft investigate the charity,
and another who had been invited to speak and out that he wouldn't.
Imagine if after all that Senator Clinton or Ted Kennedy or Howard Dean or Ralph Ranking running their boogie man of the right,
nevertheless showed up to give a rousing speech for a rousing fee.
And imagine if one confronted afterwards, he insisted she was simply helping the Red Cross,
and then when informed that the Red Cross days ago had publicly renounced the event, mumbled, I was unaware of that.
I don't know where that.
How long would it be before it was monster news?
Before TV anchors were asking Senator Clinton if she didn't want to distance herself from the Sodom Hussein Bacterist,
she was associating so chemily with.
Before thousands of email jokes all playing one way or the other, of the lameness, I was unaware of that,
were clogging up server space.
Meanwhile back in a real world this bubbling character was not Hillary Clinton,
but Richard Pearl advised the Pentagon key cheerleader for regime change.
Pearl school last weekend at an event for Iranian earthquake victims, despite a compelling report in the Hill,
that the event was favoring not the Red Cross, but the Mujahadin Yikkalk,
a group of state-government considers a terrorist organization,
and despite public complaints by two Republican congressmen.
Then again the reason for that terrorist classification is that the MEK favors regime change,
violently if necessary, in Iran.
So one could see why Pearl would find them more fun to hang around with than say those losers over at the UN.
In any case, Pearl hasn't been very choosy in the past about who signs his checks to say nothing of who checks he signs.
The Washington Post reports that the cheerleader of an attendant by more than 3,000 people at the Washington Convention Center,
generated enough concerns within the Bush administration that some officials talked of blocking it entirely,
FBI agents attended it, and the Treasury Department this week froze the essence of its prime organizer.
Asked about the controversy Pearl told the Post he was getting paid to help the Red Cross,
told the Red Cross that days earlier publicly we announced the event, he said, I wasn't aware of that.
I guess he's not quite the Middle Eastern expert he's claimed to be, though most of us had already figured that out.
Next up is the Nation.
When you stop playing that cornea applause, I like it.
Makes me feel like I'm not playing the cornea applause. Play it again.
That's right.
Okay, how's the poll coming? I love this poll today, man.
I haven't had a poll like this in years. Maybe we'll see him Tom Brady pulled it out there at the end of the game.
That's going Tommy and Adam and the Terry pulled it off.
Justin pulled it out. No, he didn't.
Pulled it off.
What a thought that first if you're going to pull it out you have to have one Justin.
We can borrow one.
Maybe he has like a stunt penis you think?
Strap on.
456 votes, which of these is most important to you?
Presidential election 164. Thank God we still have some people who care more than just about getting laid.
But my next orgasm 132 is right on the president's ass.
When will I see Janet Jackson's other T88?
Will the dolphins make the playoffs next season 23?
Will they?
No.
No, I'm likely.
Not with this crowd.
Where are they WM all we got?
Number 13 is there.
And look at that.
Where are the WM?
These 13. See, it's for Danny Boy.
Will the government take away my guns?
10. Will I go to heaven? 9?
Will I burn in hell? 6?
Will the Panthers make the playoffs this season 6?
And will the U.S. log-A's to marry five?
Out of 456.
You can vote on our poll but then you'll immediately want to go and check out Janet Jackson
into the Justin Tinkerbell.
As he keeps whipping it off and whipping it off and it keeps hanging out and flopping around.
You think they're for real by the way?
No.
Oh.
What about her, her boobies?
19 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
I'll tell you a place that's for real.
He lights a West Bokeh of the number one low-carb store in the world.
Everybody in their brother now is on some kind of a low-carb diet.
And that's why you want to find the store that will give you some variety because the problem with
Atkins and some of these other low-carb diets is that even though they can be effective for a lot of people,
it's hard to stay on them because they are, in a word, boring.
Not when you go to a Delights West Bokeh because they've got a worth thousand low-carb products in stock to keep your diet?
Interesting.
Some variety.
They got breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and lots more.
They've got the widest selection. They're open every day, seven days from 10 a.m. till 10 a.m.
You can try anything in the store before you buy it.
And they've got the full line of Atkins brand products that are on sale today.
Next, Sookas Easter Sunday, all day every day.
The number one low-carb store in the universe is Delights West Bokeh.
They're on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column at 1-877 Low-Carb,
L-O-W-C-A-R-V around a web at slowcarb.com.
There's only one Delights West Bokeh, your official Atkins retail center.
My life and more, this is 4405-60, the way you weigh.
4, 3, 2, last of all.
The Chinese Santa, Canada's face, that's a chain in the armor of the United States.
We're going to the Cockroboon.
We're getting back in the street.
It's been a lot like this.
I've been up the longs, going to Hell with this town.
I've been up the longs, going to Hell with this town.
I've been up the longs, going to Hell with this town.
I've been up the longs, going to Hell with this town.
I've been up the longs, going to Hell with this town.
The way you rush has passed from fire.
Point to that collision, land it bright, in his mind.
We are going. We are going.
Going to the Cockroboon.
We're going to build a phase where you can resolve, just like the 1990-99.
You think, Joe, you don't get your kid.
Go for the longs, with Octa-Sleeth.
We are going. We are going.
Going to the Cockroboon.
We are going, we are going, going to the Kakaroon.
13th of June at 5.60 WDQ in the man dog at 2.
But I'm looking at the schedule this week. The Humbers got a really tough schedule.
He's in Vegas today. He's off tomorrow because they got that bow is going to be doing
that special at the David Buster's, that Marlon thing or whatever it is.
And then let's see. Hank is in the studio on Wednesday then starting Thursday
he's on a Royal Caribbean. Flunging his guts out. Well, hopefully a couple of pounds of it anyway.
Come on, Hank, lose an answer to it. It only has any money but lose an answer to it.
Canadians to Bush, hope you lose it. Even before we know whom President Bush will be
running against this fall, Canadians have made their decision. Only 15% according to an
exclusive new poll conducted by McLean's Canada's weekly news magazine or is that
McLean's would cast a ballot for Bush if they had the chance. Only 15%.
And if Americans remain almost evenly divided 50% approval, yadda yadda yadda.
There is no such a d'arring on this side of the border. Just 12% of us north of the border
feel Canada is better off since Bush took office. And less than a third response
will admit to liking the world's most powerful man even a little bit.
Oh, you ready for that? I love it. How's it going, eh?
Javier? Bye-bye. I just didn't think about what I would say. Bye-bye-bye!
I'm going to put your part in. See you then right now. Bill Lee Snathoo,
Halliburton facing more scrutiny for Iraq deals. Oh no, that's got to be a mistake, don't you?
Bill's build 42,000 served 14,000.
I have it, that's just about meals, okay? Maybe they weren't happy meals. Maybe they were unhappy meals.
You know, the kind you pay double what you're supposed to. It's an unhappy one.
Also speaking of polls, since the audience, at least we got a few people out there.
But third man! For I still interested in the future of the world, I don't want to get anybody depressed
because we got the thing about the bird flu which I'll get to in a bit.
So where? Germany. Okay.
Lady, you came back from Thailand. All your petafiles out there if you want to stay alive
and don't be spreading all your disease to all the rest of us, go to Costa Rica.
Do not be go to Thailand anytime soon, please. Please. Okay.
It's for the birds.
Anyway, with an national poll, according to Newsweek, John Kerry has got a jogginger. How many points he's got to lead?
About 30? About 30, man!
Right. 45% of Democrats pulled nationwide support, Kerry.
Howard Dean is down to 14%, so it's 31.
And North Carolina Senator John Edwards with 11.
Kerry now strikes two-thirds of Democratic voters. 65% is the contender most likely to be bush in November and overwhelming 82% of Democrats.
View Kerry favorably. Now, this is coming at the same time that he'll president day has his approval rating slipping to historic all-time lows.
While Kerry is enjoying his bounce in the polls, bush's approval rating is at an all-time low in this Newsweek poll, slipping to 49% with 43% approving.
Are you ready for that? You following that? I'm following it.
43% approve. 49% say, fat!
Almost half, 49% do not want to see the president reelected in the fall compared to 45% who do, which represents a slight improvement in his favor over last week when 52% didn't want him reelected.
For the first time in the Newsweek, prologue majority, 54% believes the Bush administration misinterpreted intelligence about Iraq.
But a majority 51 to 41 also believes Bush didn't wilfully lie to the public. Right, and I got some fabulous Biden and Everglades in only 50 cents an acre.
Really? Yeah, you love it.
Let's see, Edwards is pulling strong against the president in a hypothetical matchup with 44% for Edwards, 49% for Bush. Where's the rest of them? Where's Kerry?
Well, this is about just too complicated, okay? We'll put it on a website. One of these days we'll put it on a website, Eric, when I get around to it.
Suspected birth, birth, flu case in Germany before I get to that, I guess I should do the other story about the fact that now I don't want to get people nervous right before I...
But the WHO, the World Health Organization, says that birth flu may pass between humans.
Not a good sign.
Two Vietnamese sisters who died from birth, flu may have caught the disease from their brother in Hanoi Vietnam, which will be the first known case involving human to human transmission in the outbreak now sweeping Asia, the WHO said yesterday.
The source of the sisters infection is not been identified, but investigations have failed to find such a specific event such as contact with sick poultry.
There's nothing worse than a sick bird or an environmental source to explain the cases WHO spokesman Bob somebody said.
What's his name?
Barker.
Bob Barker.
No other cases of people catching the virus from other people have been suspected anywhere else. But now this story, German doctors are examining the case of a woman suspected of contacting bird flu during a recent trip to Thailand.
The woman was taken by ambulance to a Hamburg Institute for Tropical Medicine for tests said fire department spokesman Peter Brown probably can do a Werner von Brown and Carol mostly Brown.
Another woman who traveled with her to Thailand was also taken to the Institute was not suspected of having contracted the disease.
Health officials in Hamburg were not able to confirm this suspected case. There have been 18 suspected human cases of bird flu in Thailand, 10 of whom have died.
The human cases have been traced to direct contact with six birds, but now we got the two in Hanoi, which are people to people, person to person.
How do you like that?
I don't.
So another, I don't want to say that if you see somebody from Thailand out there on the street or somebody who...
Hey, I just came back from Hanoi.
Run like a son of a bitch. I don't want to say that, but it's probably a pretty good idea. You know what I mean? I don't say that.
I just came back from Southeast Asia, run like crazy. I'll call 911 and jump into a goddamn phone booth and lock it real tight.
Which of these is most important to you? But I'm telling you that it's in an amazing how stuff... how crap happens.
Yeah, to me.
We started out today like fretting like crazy. You especially because you're a nervous nilly. Now actually it was me.
Because Eric was still sleeping and I knew he was sleeping his fat ass off, you know.
And this is a new deal because once they do it the first time, then it becomes...
Well, it becomes like habitual. Like once we've got a nose problem, you know, we've been through that last summer.
Once somebody, they doesn't show up the first time because they had a little bit of a substance abuse problem.
Then they start like making a habit of it and they become very unreliable.
So here we are sitting with nothing but our toes in our hand and nothing on our website, not the poll, not any news stories, certainly not Janet Ja, almost a Latoya.
Janet Jaxton's breast and now we're going nuts! How do you like that?
Which I think the less than it to be learned is don't ever sell Eric short.
Okay, he says we're being attacked now. What does that mean?
The website, you know, children, whatever their age.
Well, how do you know that? How do you know it's a children?
I don't know that. I'm just speculating he said that we're being attacked now.
You mean that by that worm?
By something.
Maybe the worm is trying to get into Latoya. Yeah, I did it again into Janet.
Same person, isn't it? They're all the same. It's all one person on Michael.
We're under attack.
Yeah, he's, you know, such a nervous Nelly anyway.
Do you believe him? Why not? Why would he lie?
Okay, we believe him.
WQA, hello.
Smith.
Yes, sir.
Hey, would that Janet Jaxton thing?
Yeah.
Yeah, that was surprised because if you really look, you could see there's a pacy of like a starlet getting over her.
Right, it's a starbuck thing.
Yeah, a starkey.
Starkey, right.
Oh, did you notice that? Yeah, we did.
I'm glad to see that he's, you know, looking real close, aren't you?
Yeah, if you look real, real close, I mean, put your like eye right on it.
WQA, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I have an idea for a coming poll.
I can just tell you about it.
Go ahead.
How about it?
Reverend Jones.
567.0560.
Boy, you out now. See, I deserve credit for that.
Yeah, I know.
I know it was him. I just not going to say it anymore.
Well, I waited about two seconds.
And then I said to myself, that's Reverend Jones.
That's a major asshole.
Who that is.
Crazy.
Yeah, up and coming.
As an up your...
Well, you're right.
This thing is really spastic.
I think we're being attacked.
Eric, we're being attacked.
Everybody out of the counter.
Everybody get under your desk.
It's cool. We're being attacked by a virus.
By a bug.
I don't really think we are.
I think we're just getting a phenomenal response on there.
Don't you?
No, just a little...
Colonel, server error.
Are you about yours?
What am I doing?
What?
I'm going to remove it.
I'm going to find it until you try to reload it.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQ
on a really spastic Monday.
It's great.
Just the way we like to start the week.
If your carpets aren't so great, here's the answer for you.
You know what to do by now.
But tell me about these people for over 20 amazing years.
In fact, for over 20 years, I've been using them in my house
because I know why call anybody else.
Nobody does a job like these folks at dry concepts.
If your carpets are a little bit worn out after the holidays,
if they don't look for a bright and sparkling and just like brand new,
here's the answer.
Don't waste thousands of dollars on expensive new carpeting.
Just call dry concepts and they will dry clean your carpets
and bring them back to life.
They'll make them look just like brand new,
like you had new carpeting laid right there on your floor.
And they'll be vibrant and color against off to the touch.
They'll smell a mini fresh.
They'll be drying a couple of hours.
And when a folks in dry concepts walk out,
they hand you a rose, you hand them a check,
and you'll look around and say,
this is like a miracle right on my floor.
Also, for your upholstery, your furniture,
all your drapery, all of these things,
they do an unbeatable job.
And they never rip you off.
They give you a guaranteed written price upfront
before they start the work.
Call today and see how you can say 15% on your next carpet,
cleaning with dry concepts,
asking to put your ass under stand by list
and save you even more than usual.
Nobody in the world doesn't like these folks try them once
you'll use them for years like I have.
Call them tool free, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071,
or check them on the Wicked World Wide Web at dryconcepts.com.
Find a local, this is 560.
The radio's on your phone.
You am!
Perala, hit beat at 12-1-0-1 on WQA.
And now, a word from Howard Dean's wife.
Hi, hello there.
I'm Dr. Julius Steibern,
wife and presidential candidate Howard Dean.
You can call me Judy.
Now judge Judy, that's a different misguide.
People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard.
Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa?
I scared a crap out of myself.
I make frown for this and I look like a shane of poonum.
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much yiddish, eh?
Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it.
No, I say that's a bunch of misogas.
For those of you who don't take a piece of yiddish, that means crap.
How is a good guy?
Though he's what you might call a loose cannon.
He's got a pretty bad temper on him.
I remember one time, one of our kids left a cap off of the toothpaste.
I thought he was gonna blow a gasket.
Zaveins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were gone in the corners of his mouth.
The event was sugar.
I spent 23 years with the shagits.
Most of the time he's a manch, but on occasion, I hate him.
I think my husband, Howie, would make for a very good president.
One of the things I'm a little peered about is that Howie doesn't let us have a TV.
I've run a watch section in the city.
I got a schlep down to campaign headquarters or to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white set.
I have never seen any program in color.
So I know Jackie Kennedy.
Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy.
I don't wear makeup.
I'm like a whisker away from being amish.
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign.
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints.
Anyway, Gazagazont, that's Yiddish for Dr. Judistine, but it's over and out.
Pete, for about the committee to elect John Kerry president.
Oh!
About two at five, sixty, WM, happy Monday to you.
I don't think we're being attacked by anybody.
I think we're just getting a phenomenal response on there, which goes to show you.
If we could just put some famous celebrity naked person, didn't I say just on Friday?
Yeah.
That we ought to start like going through the files we could put Brad Pitt with his penis on there again, which everybody's seen that.
What other famous we could have Paris Hilton on there, right?
Even though she's a skanky nasty needle-nose bitch.
Yeah, we got the video and all kinds of you named them.
We got them.
We got them?
Yeah.
Well, we're starting today, man.
Where it's going to be politics, the two Ps, politics and perversion.
Right?
Okay.
It's the PP show.
And no, I don't want that Pete tried calling it Friday.
No fake PP from Pepper Pines, please.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16.
Now, let me ask you this.
You think that we need a...
I mean, the idea that anybody should have to warn their children to see a breast.
I mean, is America really that backward?
Yes.
Is America really that repressed?
Yes.
Is America that really hung up on the filth of the naked body?
Yes.
Man, grow up America, man.
Grow up.
Pretty neat about for all of you in the job in Atlanta.
The only question I have in my mind, which probably is, you know, entered your mind too, since we found out about that.
Mm-hmm.
Mark it down in the calendar.
February the second, okay.
I'm assuming you're just starting now.
Although, I don't know.
Maybe he's been there for a while.
Stuff just founded.
Yeah.
And the website too.
What would be the only obvious question is, how long will it last?
Please, Scott, do not, I know that's bad.
Come on.
That's terrible.
Do yourself a favor, okay?
Cone it down a notch.
Like, do the opposite of emerald, okay?
Turn it down a couple of notches instead of up.
Right?
Bam!
Just...
Oh, isn't the word that where all those people die?
Yeah, it was.
5.6 said that was in such bad taste.
I didn't say that, just you did.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lime.
This is just a miracle today.
You can feel it.
It's the second of February.
It's our first show in February.
I think we need to put all of the other stuff that's transpired in last since somebody came to town.
Absolutely.
That's all I can be hind, okay?
Stick it in your behind.
Correct them.
Just forget about him.
WQAAM.
Hello.
Oh, wait a minute, Bob.
WQAAM.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
Did you have at this LA Times story on George Bush, the Grand Canyon, and Noah's Flood?
It's a great story.
The New York Times has it too.
Bush's Park Service lets each Christian sell both of them.
The book says that the Grand Canyon was caused by Noah's Flood.
So we handed it a couple of weeks ago?
Oh, you guys had that?
Yeah, we're way ahead of it.
Oh, because I don't know what the whole world will be talking about.
These Christian Waffles are taking over the whole...
Bush's...
Sir, I want to state this to you, Vera.
I want you to listen to me here clearly.
I'm not joking.
The ought to be talking about that.
The ought to be talking about the so-called weapons of mass destruction, which they now admit didn't exist and don't exist and never will exist.
But what they're talking about is Janet Jackson's breasts.
You're so right about that.
In Europe, they showed us all over the place and we don't care.
Anywhere you go, man, you turn on TV, your channel surfing here's a porn over here's a naked breast.
In fact, they've got, like in Russia, they have the naked newswoman.
She's stark naked while she's reading the news in Russia.
It's a...
And even less than half time in a Super Bowl, you could go get a lingerie bowl.
Many people have so obsessed to watch girls in lingerie tackle each other.
That's for sure.
Which goes to sure they're not getting much.
Okay, one thing I heard about, like on the Christian TV, I could...
They said this true.
If the story of Noah is false, then the whole Bible is false and I agree with him on that.
Absolutely correct.
It's the first honest thing they ever said.
Thanks, buddy.
See you on Mars.
What do I know what the Martians believe, huh?
Oh, I know what I was going to say before and I stopped because it's too depressing right on the thing with the bird flu.
Yeah.
See, Mars is a gigantic dead rock.
Can you stay alive on it once upon a time?
Okay?
Okay.
But right now it's big and dead.
And you know what?
Somebody the Earth will be...
Huh?
That's big and dead.
Yeah.
And the reason we know that, and of course moving to Mars, setting up counties on Mars won't change anything because one of these days, not soon.
Not soon.
Maybe in a week or two.
No, not soon.
But the sun will die out.
Like all stars die out.
Before that, it'll expand it and go all fall of the inner planets, including this one.
So it's just a matter of time.
So have a good time while you're still alive.
Okay? You're not going to be in heaven. You're not going to be in hell.
You're not going to be in purgatory.
You're not going to be on your renaissance.
It's just...
It just is.
And you can make up all the fairy tales and bubble noises and you can subsidize it and you can squint your eyes.
Have you ever seen a religious how they always...
The God squad, they always had their eyes squinted and they think...
They were in a real hard and concentrated...
That the Lord has got answered it for.
Of course, he almost never does.
So you don't know if you scrunch your eyes really hard, that means you're praying like intensely.
Right.
I thought that was only when you throw stones in the shoes at the devil.
At the big rock over there.
No, you got to keep your eyes open for that.
Stampede kills 244 at high pilgrimages.
Here is a classic and please, please.
Don't insult yourselves, folks, by saying, well, that's just that barbaric religion, man.
That's it. They're all the same.
Okay? Right.
At least 240...
Have you heard of it?
Especially those Middle Eastern religions like Christianity and Judaism.
At least 244 people were trampled to death and hundreds more hurt yesterday under the crush of worshippers
and one of the deadliest disasters during the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia.
You know what this is comparable to?
It's not.
You know in Pamplona, Spain?
Oh, yeah, yeah, the bull thing.
When they have the bulls.
Yeah.
And there's always a couple of people who give kill and a few other people get out of the board.
Great.
The Stampede occurred during the stoning of the devil.
Let's get a bad, the stone that evils.
An emotional and notoriously perilous, hard ritual.
Pilgrims frantically throw rocks, shout insults, or hurl their shoes at three stone pillars,
Exodus or is that Pilar?
No, that's right. You don't want to show.
Acts that are supposed to demonstrate their deep disdain for Satan.
They go ape shmen.
That's a powerful price to pay.
Yeah, maybe not him now.
The power of the prophet.
Oh, Hammond.
Safety measures were in place at the site.
One where fatal stampede's have been frequent.
But caution isn't stronger than fate.
Said Saudi, Hage Minister, Lee, Ead, Madani.
All precautions were taken to prevent such an incident.
But this is God's will, he said.
Ha ha ha.
Oh, yeah.
They passed away because it was God's will.
They're just as crazy as we are.
The Stampede broke out on one of two ramps leading to the 50-foot stone pillars.
Tens of thousands of people run the uppermost ramp, which is about the width of a five-lane highway.
Authorities said a few pilgrims fell causing panic as pressure build up in the crowd behind worse than a soccer game.
Monser, Al-Trickie of the Saudi general security forces said about 10,000 general security officers were on duty at the time.
Their intervention resulted in containing the pushing toward the pillar to prevent even more pilgrims from falling.
The same area was the scene of a similar deadly incident in 1998, 2001, and again last year.
It's becoming like a ritual, like a yearly thing.
But I have a whole bunch of people die because they're pissed off at Satan.
Yeah.
Sunday's tragedy marked the worst disaster at the annual Hodge since 97, when 340 pilgrims died in a fire at their tent city in Mena,
a minor near the Holy City of Mecca.
I thought Mena was in Dracula.
Was that a very good?
Yeah, that was Mena.
Nothing could be Mena then trip to Pasadena.
Most of the dead Sunday were pilgrims from inside the Saudi Kingdom who may not have been authorized to participate.
My Donnie said it was unfair how many foreign pilgrims died, but Egypt's Middle East news agency reported that 13 Egyptians were among the dead.
So there you go.
More crazy religious people.
I apologize for my redundancy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T horizon line.
We got a lot of crap going on from Monday.
I'll tell you that.
We got Janice Jackson's tip.
I'm going to tell you a tip.
Movie.
Teeny.
Breast.
Breast.
Now that's no fun.
Breast is on a chicken.
586 votes on a pool.
And we got a great pool for today which came out of nowhere.
I think I pulled it out of my rectum.
Which of these is most important to you?
The presidential election 216.
My next orgasm.
162.
Squirt Squirt.
When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth?
115.
Will the dolphins make the playoffs next season?
29.
Oh no!
Where are those WMDs? 17.
Will I go to heaven?
16.
Will the government take away my guns?
Uh-oh.
A dozen.
If your knee doesn't.
Will I burn in hell?
7?
Probably.
Will the US allow gaze to Mary 6?
Probably not.
And will the Panthers make the playoffs this season highly unlikely?
Only 6 out of 586.
I mean, listen.
I can't tell you what to look at.
What to be excited about.
You can't change humanity.
You've got to go with the flow.
That's what the Diana Ross said.
Go with the flow, right?
Right.
If the public likes mots of balls, you don't put like uh-
chitlins in your soup.
And your chicken soup.
You put mots of balls in there, right?
Okay.
That sounds good.
Yeah.
I do like a nice bowl of mots of balls.
Mots of balls.
Mots of balls and chitlins.
And it sounds pretty interesting.
That's for like Sammy Davis junior types.
And Rod Carrue.
From it is past noon at 560 WQAM.
Ham wanted to tell you about something really good speaking of the stuff to
a imbibein.
And that's indirect diabetic.
A truly delicious meal replacement drink that just happens to me for people like you
who are truly living with diabetes.
And man am I ever fat.
Ask me if I'm fat.
Are you fat?
Gigantic.
But anybody wants to cut down their sugar intake and drink this and enjoy it.
Antirex diabetic taste grade because it's sweetened with splendor, which is made from sugar.
So there's no nasty aftertaste like a year with asperate m in saccharine.
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition
just because they're in a big ass hurry.
Antirex diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you all
the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life.
Plus fiber and antioxidants yet it's low insaturated fat and cholesterol.
Antirex diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free.
And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition.
You try antirex diabetic once and I guarantee you I'll bet Josh's life on it.
You'll never go back to whatever you drink and before.
In fact the makers are so sure you're going to love antirex diabetic.
To give it away free full-size samples they'll send you a two pack for free.
One vanilla one chocolate.
Anybody who calls their toll free number.
One eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine.
You can pick it up all over town.
Publix Walgreens, Eckerds, Navarro, Setonos, CBS, not the local pharmacies.
But again if you'd like that free two pack one vanilla one chocolate.
Call toll free one three six what is it eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine.
Better give it again one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine.
Or faster yet order for yourself on their website.
Enterx diabetic.com just click on where it says free samples.
Tell them that Neil sent you by for the delicious one given additional special gift to for
Interacts Diabetic.
We're supporting you five to two a.m.
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story.
Salt and pepper made push it one of the biggest dance club songs of the eighties.
And to this day scholars still debate when the music history is tough as questions.
What could the song have possibly been about?
Well sadly I don't know if we'll ever really get to the bottom of what this song was trying to convey to the listener.
Pop music historian Peter principle.
I mean push it this can mean any number of things.
Push the door open for example.
Yes push that door open real good.
Push the button on that home appliance of yours.
Push the button real good.
Push the stuffing further into the turkey you see how deliciously open to interpretation the song is.
But one renegade journalist rolling stone rock critic Matthew Britney Spellas has shaken the music industry with his allegations that push it could be about the insertion of the penis firmly into the vagina.
Hey I looked at that song from every possible direction.
Then it hit me Christ almighty this song is about.
Oh my god please Matthew Britney's tell this is nothing but a bitter failed writer who wants to revive his career with these accusations of push it being about the act of sexual congress.
Next thing you know who'll be saying all those rap songs about entering women from behind are actually about entering women from behind.
Oh you're going to love this I can't believe this what you just facts me this is the best.
Feds outraged by halftime show mishaps.
Oh this is so American man unbelievable.
Is there more to this?
Oh there's another page.
Oh yeah I got to have it.
Honestly all there's one well I'll try to read through this thing here.
It's not a good fact.
Now is this for my benefit this diagram that you threw that you saw me drawing it because apparently there was some controversy and people were coming in and asking about what that was.
A lot of people think it's a pasty it's not a pasty it's a piercing so I had to draw it out for people after showing them the close up that I got here.
I see it's got even instructions George you're here pull nipple through the sun ring to push post you nipple to secure right and that's got to think it looks dangerous like a nail I sure hope she don't get like yeah that's the post what.
Exactly.
Oh I heard she got a big shot in her back dome for the show.
The cheat and a big target by the way the cheat federal regulator broadcasting today he is outraged by the super bowl halftime show they're taking away CBS's license.
I bet all they're not.
Which showed singer Justin Tinkerbell tearing off part of Janet Jackson's costume exposing her breasts.
Oh my god.
Tinkerbell blamed a wardrobe malfunction but FCC oh you know something seriously.
The guy that called before that I told him I mean.
Sure there got to be a part of it's there got to be like maybe 5% of the population we just have to find our own planet before it's too late.
Right Mars.
This is what your government is worried about innocent people are dying there were 56 more people how many?
How much people died in Iraq there were two yeah at least 56 with suicide bombers yesterday we had 244 crazy religionists to die in Saudi Arabia.
We've got the bird flu which we don't know we could have an next pandemic which could kill millions of people if it really does transfer from person to person if it can be transmitted that way.
And the FCC is worried about a booby on the super bowl.
This is just so like I said freaking American man FCC chairman Michael Paul call to the classless crash and the horrible stunt.
MTV which produced a show in CBS which broadcasted both so they had no idea that their half time shows in it would include such a display it was just an accident.
Anybody with a brain would know that CBS deeply regrets the incident spokeswoman Leslie and Wade said.
The two singers were performing a flirtatious duet to end the half time show with think about singing rock your body and the lines he sang at the moment of truth were I'm going to have you naked by the end of this song.
Of course that proves the other shadow of it out it was just an accident.
What was that think about it we should cross actions leather gladiator out and pull off the cover into a right place which was partially obscured by a sunshaped metal nipple decoration.
Wow the network I can't read this next sentence can you read it no it's that way my the network quiet quickly came away from the shot they came quickly and didn't make reference to it on a year.
In a statement FCC chairman Michael Powell said I am outraged at what I saw during the half time show the Super Bowl like millions of why should he be outraged takes a book to see what it all was.
Like millions of Americans my family and I gathered around the TV for a celebration instead that celebration was tainted by a classless crash and deplorable stunt our nation's children parents and citizens deserve better.
They should have seen both of her boobies they should have seen top right naked after the game in a locker room hanging out with his pals.
I've instructed the commission to open an immediate investigation in last night's broadcast you said following well.
Oh I want to lay in the floor and make moaning sounds I can't take this I can if this if this word joke I'd say this is very funny for sat.
Right if they like fake news that they have in the sites this is the end of the world right now they're this story.
I have instructed the commission to open an immediate investigation in last night's broadcast he said following it would be thorough and swift.
Earlier in FCC spokeswoman Suzanne Tetro said it was launching a routine investigation because it received complaints.
That the shot was too quick and they didn't get to see the other who to see if they match messages like with Jackson's record company and her personal pubicist were not returned this morning.
MTV CBS corporate cousin via comment partner in crime issued a contrite statement while I already read that which it apologize saying the incident was unrehearsed on plan completely unintentional and was this can inconsistent with assurances we had about the content of the performance.
At the end of the press release that was it you believe us.
Tinkerbell see the not intend to expose Jackson's breast.
In fact maybe you thought that the stunt was that it was really Michael and there wouldn't be any breast at all underneath that the thing.
I'm sorry that anyone was offended by the word robmouth function during halftime performance of the Super Bowl tinkerbell said in the statement it was not intentional and is regrettable.
Wade said CBS officials attended rehearsals of the show all week and there was no indication any such thing would happen. This is what we already had this part.
It's unlikely that MTV will produce another Super Bowl halftime ever those bastards those miserable perverts.
Over the air TV channels cannot air obscene material at any time and cannot air in decent material between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. the FCC defines obscene material as describing sexual conduct in a patently offensive way and lacking syringe.
The most serious literary artistic political or scientific value in decent material is not as offensive but still contains references to sex or excretions.
Now let me ask you something.
Yes.
Was her booby excreting anything?
Not let me squeeze it and see if it does.
I mean how does it even fit into the definition?
In an interview posted on MTV dot com that is before the show Jackson's choreographer guild deal deal deal though.
Talked about the show saying she's more stylized more feminine. She's more woman as she dances this time around.
There are I can't read what that says. Somebody has censored this.
There's something in there too. There's something in there.
And it's not breast milk.
So there you go. The FCC is investigating thoroughly so rest assured America those of you haven't a nervous breakdown because a partial naked booby was on the Super Bowl last night with billions of people.
Do you know how the rest of the world is laughing at us again?
There's a little laugh at you.
Well back during penis skate when all that stuff about boba and the blow jobs was going on.
Remember that group brother and the blow jobs?
And the rest of the world was saying are you people are kidding me you're impeaching the president because you got a couple of blow jobs.
You people have to be insane.
You puritanical lunatics. You religious nuts. You God squad. You Jesus freaks.
And of course they were.
Absolutely correct.
Wow brother I'm serious it makes me weak when I read crap like that.
Of course it's good off.
Escaping anyway it takes the pilot. Obviously had a tremendous effect.
We're going to break every record we ever had on our website today.
In fact Eric said he was getting an overload.
I think he was talking about how much he ate during the Super Bowl last night but he said he's getting an overload.
Never have an overload. Squirt, Squirt.
Sure. All the time.
So there you go.
America is obsessed from maybe they've been awakened from their sexual appearedanism.
Maybe they've been finally awakened to realize that maybe nudity on TV isn't such a bad idea.
And that all this you know dancing around the edges survivor island this surviving all this other crap.
We don't want to see all that crap. We don't want to see real world, the real people.
We want to see real naked people on TV over the air.
Not on cable. Not on satellite.
We want over the air naked people now by eight o'clock tonight. Right? You bet.
All right.
In fact if ABC would bring that back that who's hot or are you hot or whatever that wasn't are you hot?
Right.
And have all those people start naked and get rid of your buddy there. What's his name Lorenzo?
Lorenzo.
Lorenzo.
Lorenzo and his llamas.
That's you have an 90 share easy, right? Guaranteed. I'll produce it.
And you can go out and find the talent. All right. I'll be the scout.
26 pass note at 560 WQM. EF tear not a repair. Our people you can trust your car to.
You know, you'll put up the yellow pages to auto repair and you got 80 billion. Maybe not 80 but 30 million.
30 million different people that you want to take care of your car and got only knows what they'll do to it and how they'll rip you off.
You can trust EF tear not a repair. They're at 50 83 North Federal Highway just a mile and a half north of sample road and prestigious
Pompato Beach where they're having that free spaghetti dinner at Pompato Park tonight.
And EF tear not a repair experience. The difference that experience makes all the mechanics know their stuff.
Their certified technicians current with all the latest technology and most of them with the EF team for nearly 20 years.
Some have been there.
About 30 men.
EF team is over 200 combined years of experience and no job is too bigger, too small of the F.
Whether it's a blown fuse, a blown engine, anything in between from a 73 Toyota to an O4 Bentley.
EF tear not a repair. Does it all for you?
All jobs are meticulously thoroughly carefully double checked for accuracy by the shop format and every car is cleaned upon completion of work.
EF honors most extended warranties. They offer you a wide weight service. I'm most repairs to EF tear not a repair 50 83 North Federal Highway in Pompato Beach.
Be sure to ask about their 90 days. Same as cash. No interest credit card when you talk to these folks.
Call them at 9 5 4 4 2 6 99 26. That's 9 5 4 4 2 6 99 26. Be sure and tell them that perverted old Neil for the decal.
EF tear not a repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the entire U.S. of A.
And EF their motto is nobody cares more and nobody know where will work harder to earn your business.
EF tear not a repair. Does it all for you?
All jobs are meticulously thoroughly double checked for accuracy by the shop format and every car is cleaned upon completion of work.
EF tear not a repair. Does it all for you?
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
EF tear not a repair.
If you register now, you can have that new high-paying career in just four short months count them if you can.
All fast rain because now you too can have the big one.
You can check them out on the web first at fast train.com and then make that call and change your life and get you a big impressive paycheck and get a life call 1-866-fast-rain.
My, my, and local.
Here's sports radio 560, she's UAM.
Everyone.
There.
Are you?
Talkers.
What are we gonna do? I say talkers.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
We are all being screwed. I say listen.
She's so crazy.
She's so crazy.
She's so crazy.
She's so crazy.
She's so crazy.
The stand and fight for what's true, stand your winner.
Into so far so we can tell the FCC what the end of the day are near Roger.
And so far are on your side.
We have nothing to hide, young and old.
Get your opinions out and maybe the FCC will stay out.
Fuck fuck fuck fuck.
I'm a FCC in the fall and now I'm a FCC.
In the evening now no one knows what's worse, try them and sing.
We are the FCC to play.
I'm a FCC go away.
I'm a FCC.
Get off my back.
Let's see see.
Let's live our lives for real.
Let's see see.
Let's see see.
Go away.
Go away.
Always careful not to step on that.
We'll play that about once a year.
It's really campy.
No, it was not said it was WNC was before.
Really?
Wow that old.
Back when we had a 9-shear 12-plus on the WNC, yeah.
It's Indian years ago.
Frank Ex-Locado, our good friend.
And his crowd, whoever the hell they were.
Well they don't want to take credit for that one.
1249 and also wasting Wayne Hellendale.
That was a great era man.
Winds and Zeta, all of these things.
Big Arnie says that was the breath super bowl I've ever seen.
Nice going Arnie, you go boy.
744 votes on that poll.
I'm not ready for this.
You know, it is enough to just make me want to squat on the ground here and just drop a gigantic load.
Anyway, Bill Berkowitz, this will make you drop a load.
Slouching towards the accuracy.
Remember the government's faith based initiative?
One of President W's gifts to his conservative Christian supporters.
This week marks the third anniversary of the initiative, which after being opposed by both liberals and conservatives
and losing its director, faded into obscurity.
But make no mistake, the President marches on and is drive to shift social programs from government to religious groups.
After all, Stephen Mansfield writes in the introduction, which was recently published book The Faith of George W. Bush.
No one in recent memory has pounded that pulpit for religions' role in government quite like the 43rd President.
Bush's unapologetic religious tone and his willingness to speak of being called the presidency of a God who rules in the affairs of men
and of the U.S. owing her origin to providence also separates him from recent predecessors.
Since launching the White House Office of Faith Based and Community Initiatives, OFBCI three years ago, executive orders have been issued,
set us for Faith Based and Community Initiatives, who were established at seven federal agencies,
the Department of Justice, Agriculture, Education, Labor, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development,
and the Agency for International Development, websites were created, technical assistance and guidebooks,
helper religious groups, supply for government funds, and billions were earmarked for faith-based institutions.
It has not been smooth sailing for Team Bush.
While many conservatives eventually got on board, liberals continued to object to what they characterized,
as violations of the separation of church and state, and the potential discriminatory hiring practices by religious organizations,
fundamentally opposed to having gays and lesbians.
John DeLullio, the longtime criminologist and political scientist, hired to run the OFBCI, resigned after six months and later was the subject of an S-Ware magazine interview, highly critical of the administration.
A major crisis developed when the Washington Post revealed that the administration officials tried to solicit support from the Salvation Army by offering a firm commitment
that any legislation would allow religious organizations to sidestep state the local anti-discrimination measures,
barring discriminatory hiring practices on the basis of sexual orientation, and Congress is still batting zero when it comes to a comprehensive,
faith-based legislative package. On balance, however, Team Bush has achieved much more than most people think.
On January 15, the White House issued a press release boasting seven milestones for the President's initiative.
As originally conceived, Bush's faith-based initiative was to be the centerpiece of his administration's domestic agenda,
spearheading the final attack on the new deal in the war on poverty, transferring a host of government programs from government agencies to the religious sector.
Through reports and executive orders, the administration has laid the groundwork for doling out money to religious institutions.
Under the principle of equal treatment, the administration has tried to eliminate regulatory and administrative barriers that effectively discriminated against faith-based and community groups in the federal grants process.
Funding continues to flow for motion and for services delivered by faith-based institutions.
Last year, the President unveiled an initiative aimed at monitoring, I'm sorry, at mentoring children of prisoners, along with a $600 million program to help addicted Americans find needed treatment for the most effective programs, including faith-based institutions.
In last September, HUD received $8 million for housing programs and HHS nearly $20 billion for social service programs, a port to which our competitive grants thus allowing religious institutions to bid to provide services.
The administration also discovered religious hiring rights, another way of scurrying anti-discrimination laws, while providing backdoor support for faith-based organizations.
Despite the Salvation Army controversy, the White House has steadfasted its efforts to give faith-based organizations the right to discriminate in their hiring practices.
At least two pieces of legislation with religious hiring rights provisions were under consideration by Congress last year.
These school readiness act of 2003, HR 2210, laws religious organizations providing head start services to discriminate in their hiring practices that bill is now before the Senate Education Committee.
The $4 billion workforce re-investment and adult education act passed by the full House on a party line, 2204 vote, included a similar exemption of faith-based groups.
In November, the Senate removed the employer discrimination exemptions now in conference.
And now Florida Governor Jeb Bush has caught his brother Zeal for the role of faith-based groups in government.
This passed Christmassy, the governor presented over the opening of the nation's first full-fledged faith-based prison.
The governor participated in the dedication ceremony, featuring a Roman Catholic mass, and speeches by Bush and several clergy members that officially opened the Remodel Law Law T. Conger, a correctful institute.
The prison works within mates convicted of felony, such as burglary, hold-ups, car thefts, and assaults, and 80% of them are within three years of release.
Inmates represent at least 26 different religious faiths, including Roman Catholics, Protestant Jews, Muslims, Jehovah's Witnesses, Seventh-day Adventist Mormons, Rastaffarians, Adherents of American Indian Beliefs, and Buddhists.
This is not just fluffy policy, this is serious policy, Governor Bush told the London Daily Telegraph.
Americans united for separation of church and state are taken to the governor seriously, in mid-January the Watchdog Group filed a Freedom of Information request with the Florida Department of Corrections to learn more about the program.
Given the windfall of federal funding directed to a faith organization's groups committed to these separation of church and state will have their work cut out for them.
The omnibus spending bill contains $100 million for the access to recovery drug treatment program announced, $50 million for the mentoring of children of prisoners, and $48 million for the Compassion Capital Fund.
And the initiative is spreading to the states, but in January, Team Bush expected at least 20 governors would have faith-based offices or liaison, and in addition the U.S. Conference of Mayors is open to faith-based office as the 180 mayors, including the mayors of Philadelphia, Miami, San Diego, and Denver.
It may just be that involving faith-based groups in the delivery of social services is a trend quietly sweeping the country.
So there you go, God bless America.
No, God.
Nothing to make you want to crap in your pants.
But the FCC is going to take care of things on radio and TV, have no fear because Michael Powell is here.
Michael and his oozing powels.
Can you get over that?
No.
A government reaction. I mean, it wasn't bad enough to think with Bono, you know?
I mean, first of all, if you watch sporting events live, especially hockey games, which you know watch, but if you watch hockey games, and they have the mites hanging low over the ice, you can hear the sound of the sticks and the pucks and the hits on the ports.
And you hear every f-word and s-h-word and every word it's ever been invented.
How many times an hour?
About 30 minutes.
At least.
Nobody gets all been out of shape about that because I guess it's sports.
But the bearing of Janet Jackson's breast is today wasn't the sport they had in mind, okay?
It ruffled some of those pig skins up there in Washington with the God Squad and Michael Powell on the FCCR right there to make sure a major investigation is going to be held.
And your tax dollars are going to pay for it, by the way.
Yay!
Major investigation.
We're going to find out who was behind it.
What the hell was that thing really on her nipple?
I was just an in on it.
I wouldn't surprise me if they frie his ass to which I would say,
Oh right, yeah, he was the one who got him.
Well, it wasn't her fault. She didn't whip it out.
That's right.
She was just a dancing and singing and juking and jiving and doing her thing.
Try to sell her CD.
She just put jewelry on it because she had a hot date later.
That's right.
And he just whipped it right off of there.
Shame on you.
Pervert.
1256 at 560 WQM.
You got a laugh, man.
You can't cry.
You got a laugh.
It's a panic.
It's a hoot.
It's a hoot.
Hey, if you're thinking to buy a new car or truck, well, if you want to save a ton of cash,
I invite you to visit Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
Look either down U.S.
120 minutes south of the 836.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you are to save a crapload of cash on brand new Toyota's.
Check out these great prices.
An O4 Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12, 990.
An O4 Camry with air automatic and lots more just 16, 990.
Neither truck, how about the O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America, from just 14, 990.
And when you buy your new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead, you get a free sun pass.
These were the first guys in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for life.
General manager David Rich in the entire staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a brand new spanking Toyota today.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference their local willing and operated and they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
The service department is open late week nights to late PM to make sure your service work is done and done right.
Conveniently located at U.S. 1293rd Street in Homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
So if you're tired, if you're nauseous with those mega dealers who over-promise and under-deliver, then this is the place for you.
Call our friend David Rich Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM right now at 305-242-3247.
305-242-3247 Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead drive a little and save a crap load of cash on that brand new Toyota.
My life and love this is for Toyota by 60.
I'm going away.
I owe my favorite Republicans. This is Matt Drudge and it's time for the real skills may uploading.
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers power.
He's got box. Yeah, he's a billionaire. He can be down. And he's got waterproof hair.
And he knows a baby just too much higher. If you should rob all the dead you, that's you all fired.
Who can't you see you feeling Larry's gonna bring which one has to go?
He's taking double the show. This ain't no answer.
He's down.
We can fall through all through.
For Donald Trump.
You're like a show.
We can fall through.
You're about to fall.
We can fall through.
We can fall through.
We can make you jump.
We can fall through.
Hey, come on, Blake.
Mr. Drudge, you wanted 560 WQM Addog to the Humberham Day G Four.
Here's the facts from Lewis and Miami Beach. Could someone please explain to me how the team that choked the Super Bowl away is getting more in credit and respect than the team that won?
What? I don't know.
Makes no sense to me. Caroline gets a few fluke offensive plays. They're coach chokes. They're kicker chokes. They're defensively by former.
And this is crap, man. They played a great game, Carolina.
Jesus, I'm not a Patriot's fan. He says, but I can give credit where credit is due.
I don't hear anybody taking anything away from the Patriots except maybe Mo.
Absolutely. They were lucky. You know, they're always lucky.
Hey, Lewis, calm down. Okay. Let's see. Conclusion dolphins.
Dolphins, oh, and 16 next year. Life is beautiful.
Speaking of faxes, yes, the lady in Del Rey, who is trying for the third time to fax a 9-page, not funny facts.
Please.
Hey, lady in Del Rey, stop trying to waste our fax paper. Okay. We hate that crap.
That facts are back begging her to stop. And here it comes again.
Oh, no. Bitch.
Art says CBS hired Eridah Promo during the Super Bowl for its show 2 and a half men.
Apparently about a couple of guys raising a young kid. In it, they showed the kid sitting at the kitchen table while an attractive woman reaches up to the top of a kid.
And exposing her bare ass thong that presumably says her bare ass.
Spectum.
They then show her reactions out of the kid and the announcer comes back with some snappy repartee about the show.
Says it got my attention evidently. Ass is okay, but a T with a paste is not.
The S was much more attractive than that squished implant. Good point, Art.
And they's got another one, another website. Well, stick it over here. Okay, stick it.
Now we do have the we have a still shot, the big the big one on there.
Right, because the animation was part of the animation was screwing up the website.
But Eric's going to have a link to the animated one and also the close up.
So those of you who are really, really, I mean, desperate.
I just want to sit there and stare at a big.
I just want to read now. I just the squished implant. Yeah, I'd like to his verb.
And a squished implant with a thing over it over the nipple.
What is it again? A piercing. Well, not just a generic person.
What is that? Very alive.
It's a starfish. Whatever it is. And sit there and stare at that while rubbing yourself raw with a bill or bill or pillow pad or even better yet with an SOS pad.
Have a good time. Okay, it'll all be there on our website because it's politics and perversion.
That's the deal now in 2004. And we're going to give you lots more.
And right? That's what they want. Perverted politician.
Perverted politician. That's what we already got.
We don't want to get too serious because tomorrow is the heavy duty primary day.
And two caucuses. One of my things name is Michael. Those of those perverted primaries.
Which of these is most important to you? That's our poll question. We have 812 votes.
Holy crap, man. Can you believe it?
We might break a thousand during the show.
Now, we did break when you were on vacation one week. We did break 900. Remember Josh?
Yes, we did.
Yeah, we broke 900 one week when I think when the beast was sitting in there.
I think most of them were just protesting that he was in there.
Or maybe most were just happy that you were getting some time off. Probably that, yeah.
Oh, I said that in a very generous way. I didn't say we're happy that you weren't there. They might have been there.
Which of these is most important to you? The presidentially election 287.
They're whipped up about that direction. My next orgasm 223, which several of you might be working on right now.
We're looking at that. What is it again? That squished implant.
Well, I want to make sure I get it right.
Thanks, Art. When will I see Janet Jackson's other booby, TD 164?
And by the way, Michael Powell at the FCC says, don't be making fun of this.
This is serious business man. That's one serious fake squished booby.
164, I don't know when they see the other one. See if it's a match pair. A match set.
Will it often make them play off next season 38?
No. We already know the answer. Where are those WNDs 29? Well, I go to heaven 28.
And whom are going to be hanging with up there?
And what will the food be like? Will it be kosher?
Better be.
Will it be trache?
Yeah, better be kosher up there. Okay. Those of you who don't like Delhi, forget about it.
It's what it said in the brochure. Go out and screw your neighbor's wife and go to hell
because if you like Delhi, if you don't like Delhi, you don't want to be going up there.
Well, the government take away my guns 17. I worried about that.
In fact, they're probably polishing it right now.
Was it, will I burn and held 10? Will the Panthers make the playoffs this season?
No.
9. And will the US allow Gays to marry 8 out of 823 votes? You're right. We can make a thousand.
Let's put the big push on. What do you say?
All right. For a thousand. We don't make a thousand by two o'clock.
George will be on for the next six weeks in a row every day.
Not just on this show on every show.
On every station.
Oh, five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon, wireless line turned into a wonderful day. Did not tell you that right before the show.
Oh, that's right. You're happy?
No, I was till I sat down here till I realized that Eric was screwing up.
He was over time. He realizes he f'd up. He understands, but he's not going to do it again.
No more sleep in late. He's going to be getting up four or five in the morning now.
It works feverishly on this because it's a labor of love.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up?
How are you doing?
I'm not buying a whole Janet Jackson appearance period.
I think it's the whole Jackson clan stirring up the line up.
I'm not buying a whole pot.
Exactly.
I wouldn't be surprised if she was drinking some Jesus juice before she went up there on screw.
All right, man. Take care.
Good luck, you'll leave it.
Zined America, man. Is they saying little of Anna? Zined America? Know what they say?
Five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T.
Verizon, wireless line. If you'd tune in late, we got the big hot couples contest going this week.
Which ties right in there with the Janet Jackson squishy implant.
Hopefully you've got better boobies if you're going to send us some new pictures.
Right.
Dates to submit entries now through February 13.
You can email your pictures to contestatnearrojers.com.
Also, any personal messages you want to relay to Miguel, feel free to do that.
Contestatnearrojers.com.
If you didn't get any your stuff on time from our best stuff this year, any other year, just send them a little note along.
He'll be pleased to get it and he'll probably confabulate back with you.
Contest.
You can just block your emails at your website.
Make sure that your firstborn is killed.
Dates devote for the hottest couple of the week of February 16.
I'm kind of forgetting being seen on ancient.
We just put them up there as we get them, right?
Right. That's where we're going to.
Huh? That's how we did it before.
Moreover, that's how we're going to do it now.
We put them up there and then we don't let you vote until we get them all together, right?
Right.
Well, we can't because we don't want to give anybody a head start.
Right. That would be unfair.
I mean, the fact that they're going to have 85 of their friends vote in 10,000 times each.
Like I said, we have no control over that.
We want to make a disclaimer right off the bat.
If somebody appears to be getting 40 million votes and they look like crap, well, maybe that's in.
Looking like crap. There's hope for all of us.
The couple that most votes wins their choice of vote.
One of these two prizes.
A trip for Tudor Heedonism in Jamaica.
Or a trip for Tudor the world, Oasis Casino in Bahamas.
And the second place to run a rough gets to whichever trip is left over.
They get leftovers.
And the third place prize.
A dinner for Tudor the pizza lot, which will not be leftovers.
It'll be your actual meal at your order right off the menu.
How about fourth place?
There's leftovers at the lot.
You get to go with the river.
We did that in Michigan State.
There was a great restaurant.
Coral Gables was the name of it, which had nothing to do with Coral Gables.
Florida, I don't think.
But it was called the Gables.
Okay.
And it was a bar in the pizza joint.
And what we do because it was always packed on the weekends.
They were packing it there.
And so because we get impatient going and of course being college wise asses,
you always have to do something just totally unacceptable.
So we would take like people would leave like crust and stuff on the tables after they left.
And we would like to go around while we're waiting and waiting for our order to get filled.
We'd, you know, grab a crust here and a crust there.
You, right?
What?
I'm serious.
We used to do that back in our day.
Of course we also were.
I think drinking a lot of mysterbite to worship down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
We're going to start a campaign to take CBS off the air.
Not MTV because they got some good flesh on there, but CBS is going off the air.
WQA, hello.
It's George, my friend.
WQA, hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
I'm very looked like the out there.
These friends like a fudge packer.
Yeah, well, packed it.
It's okay.
You only wish.
You only wish you had the beautiful, lovely, whatever he's got, whoever they are and whatever
they are, whatever they got.
Just hanging all over your ass.
Jellis, putts.
5, 6, 7, I looked to me like we're just about out of calm here today.
It's pretty sad.
They're all busy on the website.
Is that it?
They're busy with each other?
Probably going to stay with all of them.
Maybe with each other.
And pull it at the same time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
They're line one.
There's something.
I don't know.
See what I mean?
I knew it.
QAM.
Hi.
Yeah, how you doing?
See, it wasn't even ringing.
I always know when a line one is messed up and appropriate that it was on there.
You know, the it.
WQA, hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what are you going to do when fish releases at WMD?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a...
Yeah.
Maybe he can stick some of them up your rectum.
That would be good.
God.
They're all out there, aren't they?
And guess what?
He ain't going to release any.
Well, it's something everybody said they don't have any.
It will be kind of like suspect now at this late date.
To say, oh, gee, look what we just found.
I don't know if anybody believe it.
No.
No.
Only that asshole would believe it.
See, I told you.
Oh, look at that internal server area again.
I better stop talking about that because every time I do it, all of a sudden,
if it's just...
It goes on over.
Give poor Eric a rest, okay?
How are we going to make 1,000 though, if we...
Well, that's right.
We can't make 1,000, like I said, hop on it.
That's why they're hopping out of line.
I say so much crap.
I forget most of it anyway, huh?
Which is probably just as well.
Hey, 12 minutes after one.
It's like a wife, you know.
They say so much crap and you try to forget about 99% of it.
Hey, President's Day is less than two weeks away.
Except the one line about, oh, I forgot to take the pill, honey.
President's Day is less than two weeks away.
That means that these mall stores and showrooms are going to be running the same phone
and the 20-matros sales they run every year at this time.
You know the sales where they double the price and say,
hey, we're going to give you half off.
Bigs think and deal.
If you really want rock bottom prices at the best mattresses 365 days a year,
then pick up the phone and call 1,800 mattress.
That's the number for the good folks at dial a mattress.
No phony sales, no BS, just every day unbeatable rock bottom prices
on the complete line of the top makers in the universe.
They got them all.
They got silly, surda, Simmons, Kingcoyle, temperpidic, and stirons of bananas foster.
Choose from dozens of models that will lower every day discount prices.
You can rest easy and enjoy a great night's sleep with one simple call, 1,800 mattress.
Why anybody in their right mind would go to those betting and departments stores
and help pay for that big overhead?
I have no idea.
So don't be a schmuck like them.
Call our friends at dial a mattress, 1,800 mattress.
Only dial a mattress lets you choose the two-hour delivery window
that meets your schedule any day, seven days a week,
from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Dial a mattress is part of their overall customer satisfaction record too.
With low prices, same-day delivery, free setup and removal.
It's easy for anyone to see, even a president could figure it out.
Why dial a mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
So what are you waiting for?
Call them today.
You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight, like I've been doing for years.
George, Brian, Miguel, Booker, Brian, whoever the hell they are.
Fatboy, they've all been called 100 mattress.
Get in the great night's sleep every night.
1,800, MATTRES, what do you say?
Or online, it's mattress.com.
My, my, and local, this is 420560,
you ain't, you ain't.
Moves, beacons, billy buns, Mama with the big gizzons,
cans, dugs, cantaloupes, sweats, or bull hoots.
Top heavy hemmissed, fiers, flesh, melons, warmer ears,
cops, stoppers, creamers, thingies, triple-d balloons.
Memories, ideas, I am, no matter what you call them,
we still love them all, no memories, ideas, I am,
is a little city, could be longing cities.
Agents, enchiladas, you can't stop us now,
we got a lungs, raisins, doosies, itz,
Monty Python, naughty bits, pod lights, snack tray,
big buffers, heavy sway, doing benches,
that's not all double-pubber cannonballs.
Memories, ideas, I am, no matter what you call them,
we still love them all, no memories, ideas, I am,
is a little city, could be longing cities.
Agents, enchiladas, you can't stop us now,
no matter what you call them, we still love them all, no memories, ideas, I am,
Okay, calm down.
On 17th at 5'60 WDQM, two suicide bombers
with explosive wired of their bodies struck the offices of the company's
two main Kurdish parties in nearly simultaneous attacks in the Iraq
yesterday, killing at least 56 people,
wounding more than 235 in the deadliest assault in Iraq in six months.
Elsewhere in American soldier was killed in 12 or wounded in a rocket attack
and a logistics base in Bala at 50 miles north of Baghdad.
You know, like I said last week, it just,
they're just numbers now.
No names, no nothing.
They're just numbers and the toll just keeps mounting and mounting
and pretty soon it'll be 600 and it'll be 700 and then it'll be 1000 before you know it.
Anybody care?
No.
Not really, not unless it's in their family.
I'm unless it's somebody they care about.
Let's see, Brian says Ray Tinkerbell and Janet Jackson next week is the Pro Bowl.
Ha ha ha ha ha, this is great.
Brian says I can't wait to see what Tony Bennett does to Katie Lang.
Ha ha ha ha ha, that's a beautiful thing.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
How are we doing on a thousand votes?
I don't know, we got 870, even 130 and 41 minutes so we can do that easy.
A lot easier when we can't get any calls here now.
Look at that phone, pretty damn deadly.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, hello, Neil and George, how are you today?
Okay, so you're a member of our call, you're in.
I heard last night on one of the news channels and off the off-hand remark that...
Off-color remark?
Yeah, off-color, you hear that all the time.
The Dean has taken more money from lobbyists than any other candidate in history.
I found all the ridiculous to me.
I thought they were saying Carrie took all of that money, not Dean.
I heard they took it.
No, Dean was saying that about Carrie.
Oh, okay.
Are there any figures somewhere, I know a website you can go and check and see who really is supporting all these candidates?
Good question.
Somebody will let us know.
I don't have no idea, but I'm sure there is somewhere.
Okay, it would be very interesting to see who really is.
We'll find out. We'll official around for you.
Okay, thank you all that time.
But I definitely was Dean saying that about Carrie.
You know, see, if I'm Howard Dean right now and I really care about the country,
I mean, granted he raised 45 minutes.
I mean, Internet, a lot of people put a lot of time and effort and energy into his campaign.
But the handwriting is on the wall, Howard.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Handwriting is on the wall.
Some people just don't want to read it.
Yeah.
What he ought to do.
I mean, he's in single digits and every one of these primaries and caucuses tomorrow, single digits.
He has no chance.
I mean, he'll pick up a few delegates here in a couple of there.
But I mean, it's just a fallen apart.
Right.
And by making these attacks on Carrie, all he's doing is helping the other side.
That may have been fine in the early days of this campaign.
But to be caring on like that now, it's not going to cut the mustard.
Totally only wants to do his rip down.
Carrie, you'll see tomorrow Arizona, Missouri, Carrie's going to win gigantic wins in those.
Also in New Mexico.
Is Dean going to win any of those five or those seven tomorrow?
No.
No, not any of them.
Six, seven percent is pretty much what he's doing all across the board.
At least he's consistent, kind of like Julie Burman.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
You know what we haven't done all day today?
Haven't touched line nine.
QAAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Excellent, excellent.
The thing I find kind of ironic with all these right-wingers is, man, it's like a syndicity nudity.
But you can see like the dead bodies are like the dogs who stay in the suns on TV, man.
Right.
That's why that's not one of American soldiers, though, only if they happen to be Iraqis and evil doers.
Yeah, man, I would get that, man.
Like I was listening to a fudge report, I mean, I'm sorry, but I mean, the guy that drove me, he's all planted up,
I mean, I don't know what kind of hairy's got up his ass or anything other, but it's just that hypocrisy, man.
Did you say hair up his ass?
Well, something, I don't know, something something big and mediate, I don't know.
But yeah, man, it's just this ridiculous, man.
I can't stand it.
Well, I'll see you at the board, man.
Yeah, right now, the B-butt-go-bell.
Pretty loud in that American cash.
I used to be worth a lot.
Yeah, I'm going to be a Taco Bell.
It sounds good to me.
Yeah.
If there's a Taco Bell around, not too far, I think he inspired me right there.
Especially since it's going to be 30 degrees today.
What's it going to be?
But 30, man.
Well, it's like a heat wave here.
It's unbelievable.
Man, it's like spring.
Just in case cash would open, so you can repeat that tomorrow, Paul.
Say it's getting mild in Toronto.
See something different anyway for your show.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget, make sure your kids, no matter how young they are,
take a look at our website today.
In fact, if you let your kids see a lot of nudity,
after a while, it doesn't make any difference anymore.
Revolutionary.
Like an Amsterdam, for example.
All those little kids, groups of school, kids,
they're walking up and down through the red light district.
And it's like, the mean of no more.
It's not a big deal.
It's like, oh my god, it's a tinny.
It's a movie.
It's a penis.
Yes.
WQM, hello.
Hey, about there, man.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to speak to the O. please.
Speaking.
No.
Yes.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
How are you doing, sir?
The half-time show was sensational.
If they want to continue doing that forever, be great with me.
I'm going to be a man.
Sit here.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Hmm.
I mean, really, when you come right down to it, the...
Because I don't watch the half-time show.
I would never watch it.
Yeah, me either.
Oh.
Because you're not watching the game.
But I mean, I flip over to other things and watch in the news a little bit.
I'm checking out whatever else I can find.
But from what everybody tells me, the actual incident itself was like just a millisecond.
Like about a half-well, you see it.
You see how long it was on there.
Not even a full second.
I don't think it all of a sudden.
Whoops.
Switching away from that.
And it did it for this guy.
Don't have it only for millions and millions of frustrated, desperate Americans who are just dying to see a booby on TV.
We're not talking about going out and redden a porn offlicant.
Some sleazy-danned store somewhere.
We're not talking about going out and peeping through somebody's window.
We're talking about just turning on your regular TV.
We're not talking about writing or subscribing to the Playboy channel, which if the government finds that out,
they'll take away your goddamn visa and master cards.
Look at that, Pierre.
He even said the board in count ever saw nothing like that.
What did he say?
I don't know.
I didn't hear anything.
Good. That's good.
I'm glad. I didn't hear damn thing.
I wasn't paying attention.
5, 6, 7, you know, a better start paying attention when I put that crap on.
I'll tell you right now.
That's plausible deniability on my part.
WQM, hello.
NEO.
Yes, sir.
I guess I don't have a spy report for you, but I just got back in the town from Vegas.
I was reading some old articles.
Yeah.
And I guess I counted country in Kendall.
Nothing new with the glory of the town.
Old news, right?
Yeah.
Old news, right?
Yeah.
Was there a joke of Royo signing down there?
No.
Not yet.
No.
Okay.
And one last thing.
I think I'll rather see Tinkerbell playing with Tom Brady's movie.
Okay. There you go.
Me too.
Tinkerbell and Justin Tinkerbell bears Tom Brady.
Just rips his, well, of course, Tom was in the locker room.
He was busy half time.
Probably refreshing himself with all of his teammates.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
But don't be talking about guys taking showers together naked.
It's stuff like that.
That's your bag.
It's not my bag.
It's more, talk to my dog when it comes in.
He'll tell you all about it.
It's like it really goes on in a locker room, as long as you don't repeat it.
Now, how many votes we got on there?
We got 888.
I love it.
That means we need a hundred and twelve via two o'clock.
But this might be tough today, you know?
We're not making it.
We can do it.
We need a thousand votes by two o'clock to break the all-time record to make sure that Georgian
on the rest of the week.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got 888.
Which of these is most important to you?
Presidential election 309.
My next orgasm 250.
When will I see Janet Jackson's other booby 181?
Well, that often's make the playoffs next season, 41.
Where are those WMDs 31?
Well, I go to heaven, 29.
Will the government take away my guns, 18?
Well, I burn in hell, 10.
Well, the Panthers make the playoffs this season, when health freezes over, 10.
And will the US allow Gays to marry?
9.
No chance.
No chance, man.
We don't want the wrath of the Lord coming down on a miracle.
And bad things start to happen.
26 past 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Welcome to Chinese New Year in with the M.O. Coast from now through February 8, which means
another six days.
Do you remember coasts for its traditional Chinese New Year specialties?
Holiday specials include?
Roasted duck?
Suckling pig.
Can I say that?
No.
Sweet and sour fish.
And in the sort of minute Chinese dumplings served every evening during the New Year celebration.
With each meal every kid receives a traditional Chinese New Year's lucky charm.
And, Air Moukot still has its regular but fatal ice waiting for you.
In other words, it's a gigantic feast even bigger than usual.
Start out with any of six different soups.
Try their great, great ompries like New York strip made of order through a sizzling Asian grill.
The brand new seafoods and jocque oysters on a half shell.
Alaskan stone crab, middle neck clams, jumbo shrimp, scampi, hand carb, prime rib, new Thai specialties too.
And they've got a full sound of bar, a brand new sushi bar and fresh from cocktail as well.
Don't worry about headaches at the Moukot because they use no MSG, no cornstarch, no crap.
They cook everything only in cholesterol for your oils as well.
And if you have any room left at the end of this fantastic feast, shovel in a little bit of dessert
because they got a full dessert station featuring Belgian waffles and pies and cakes and pastries,
ice cream dollar favorite toppings too.
They'll have to weed you out of there in a wheelbarrow but you'll have a big smile on your poos.
Three air Moukot's locations for you.
They're in sunrise, Pine Island of 44th Street, Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd and North Miami Beach.
And the intersection of Lomingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines.
Take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now and let the folks at the Moukot's
cook up a feast for you.
Take out and deliver available two, call 954-5723822.
954-5723822, it is absolutely unbeatable the Moukot's Chinese buffet.
Five and a look all this is five cities, the radio's all yours now.
QAM!
Five and a count, but you do have five six old WQA.
All right!
Five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look all this is five and a look
Here and there with our hands landed you are wearing weeds, so you are wearing a jacket-orange, here and there with our hands landed, you will be injured on that I'm facing in accordance with your attitude to the realization of your fathers how do you expect someone else would lose handwriting mushrooms?
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man. I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man,
They're like the ones that carry long,
Maybe fast and good,
Like the ones that carry long,
Not been thrown out,
They're being robbed,
They're all robbed,
They're being robbed,
They're all robbed.
Not to be outdone,
She had this yesterday afternoon,
Showing candy crullies of boobs
At 415 this afternoon,
A worldwide,
Alistair Crowley.
921 votes on the pool.
921, we got a shot, you know what?
Mark Caragosa is on TV right now.
There are no cameras in the courtroom in the outskirts of the house.
Has anybody cared about it?
No, no.
Even the tabloid stuff on that,
Not even bother reading it.
Why should we care about that?
We don't.
Anyway, on the MTV website,
I thought you might be interested.
Well, here's a picture of Janet and Justin,
But of course, she's not that bearer in it yet at this point.
This is previous to that moment.
The organizers of the Super Bowl have time.
Show had hoped that a surprise guest would get people talking long after the game,
But they wound up with one more surprise than they had bargained for,
As a MTV.
Janet Jackson's right breast was exposed at the end of her performance.
Oh my god.
After Justin Tinkerbell,
Who was expected to be the night's biggest surprise,
Pulled off a piece of Janet's costume.
As a result, the move,
Some 70, what is it?
As a result, the move,
Some 72,000 fans in Reliant Stadium
And an estimated 100 million people watching around the world saw more of Janet than expected.
I'm sorry if anyone was offended by the wardrobe malfunction.
Well, that's a Justin again talking crap.
MTV which produced a half time show us how to statement,
Which we already read, which yada yada we regret.
Jackson didn't release any official statement after the game,
But a representative told MTV News, she apologized.
Everybody's apologizing, okay?
Except of course, FCC Commissioner Michael Powell,
Some of the anxious lying bastard Colin Powell,
Says, we're gonna stick our nose into this, man, as deep as you can get.
We might even check up for Janet.
Correct them.
Make sure we get all of it.
We might even be more crowded there than in Mac Rugges.
Right, go ahead.
I doubt it.
Anyway, oh exhibit catches Maryland off guard, Maryland Monroe.
Okay.
And you see the headline and right away,
Oh, let's look at that,
Because that could be great for our website.
But it's not what you think.
Oh.
It's not a Berlin, a new exhibit of Maryland Monroe photo,
As many previously on publish,
Show the screen icon and some of her happiest off guard moments,
Not off clothing, but off guard.
In New York, far from the Hollywood glitz,
Cuddling with playwright Arthur Miller,
Shopping in Manhattan, or splashing at the beach.
She was splashing it.
Shot by Sam Shaw, Monroe's favorite photographer,
In a lifelong confinote,
The picture spanned 54 to 58,
A time on Monroe, tried to shed her blonde,
Sex bombshell image,
And moved to New York to study acting.
There she met Miller,
Who became her third husband in 1956.
And I'll say it again,
For a beautiful, beautiful woman like she was,
She had to have the worst eyesight in history of mankind.
Arthur Miller, Joe DiMaggio,
And who else was she married to?
I don't know.
No, at least she was screwing the Kennedys,
With her Alicia Goodtays theory.
She banged on goal, milty.
She did?
Yeah.
Oh my god, no wonder she killed herself.
Man, oh man.
She was a slut.
Well good, that's what we like.
Everybody likes a slut.
She wants to pound a time,
A slut was a derogatory term I can be getting old as I am.
That was a nasty thing.
She's a slut, you know?
But now, if you say somebody like,
With a Brittany, she's a slut.
Everybody goes,
Oh right, right, right, exactly.
By the way, in case you missed it also earlier,
For Ralph's working in Atlanta on FM.
Keep the job, Scott, okay?
Keep your nose clean.
That's my best advice to you.
Keep your nose clean.
We told that to be there, boy, but it didn't work.
Keep your nose clean, For Ralph.
Oh yeah.
Right.
That's your buddy.
For Ralph.
You're 928 votes.
On a poll, we need 72.
We might not make it.
We might not make our thousands more.
Oh, man.
Man, I'm looking forward to several days of rest.
I can use it.
Because today alone has been far wilder than we ever imagined.
You know, it never anticipated all this hysteria.
Plus the great cause, of course.
Of course.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good. How you doing?
I'm all right. Listen, that whole MTV thing.
I'm no prudent or anything, but you know the MTV and Justin and Danager.
There's such F and Liars that there was a max.
And what was he trying to do, a wardrobe function?
I mean, it's one thing.
I'm not a prudent.
I'm glad I got to see a breast.
But it's one thing to do it on purpose just for shot value.
And you know, expect that they're going to get away with it.
I hope they get fined.
I hope, you know, I hope that they get fined.
I hope that they get fined.
I hope that they get fined.
I hope that the CMESI cry until it floods in their office in New York.
I hope that Danager has the paddles right home.
F and Liars.
They're F and Liars.
You got them, man.
They didn't do it on purpose.
Amen.
Yes.
Because you figure Britney, who's just as that girlfriend got all that publicity when she kissed Madonna.
Right.
And he got a one-up her, you know what I'm saying?
He got one-up her while I doubt that.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
He ain't never going to have one-up nobody said maybe himself.
He's just an old smoothie that Justin, you know?
I'm telling you, he doesn't have a penis.
He just don't have one.
I hear you're life on it.
Oh, there it is again.
Overshadowed by little half-time show-sleeze.
We'll talk about the weapons of mass distraction.
Oh, and they're weapons of ass distraction, right?
Who is kidding, who, man?
This is good.
This is good.
Give us something else to talk about.
Give us the government something important to stink their teeth and do like a DOLFCC.
Maybe keep them off of our ass.
We're going to be a little long.
We're going to be a sports radio fighter.
You A.M.
RAAAAAAA!
RAAAAAAA!
Holy, holy, holy numbers aren't growing.
Our dean is growing to try.
The athlete and steadily is numbers now are dwindling.
Could it be he has a me as quiet?
Some quarters must think it.
What was the doctor drinking?
And he must have really bad eyesight.
Oh, we got it.
Michigan!
Our dean.
Go strong.
Go to the dean.
Go to the dean.
New York!
New York!
Our dean.
Go strong.
RAAAAAAA!
Golden, golden, golden.
If those voters vote in, our dean is growing to try.
RAAAAAAA!
Edward Clark and Perry is a better than who he's having.
A thomasrist is what the doctor needs.
The hopeful next-first lady should think twice before display.
Her big foe may gums and orcd.
That's a lady.
That's a lady!
It's RAAAAAAA!
The whole four-year-old is watching the DC.
RAAAAAAA!
RAAAAAAA!
RAAAAAAA!
Oh!
144 at 560 WQM.
I had 955 as last number I looked at.
Let me reload.
Well, my name reloaded.
A whole bunch of people on there.
A whole bunch of people on there trying to keep you off the air and keep me from having several days that I desperately look forward to.
White House withholds notes taken by 911 delegation.
More dishonesty, more deception, more government in the dark.
By your favorite Bushmeister.
The White House already embroiled in a public fight over the deadline for an independent commission's investigation of the 911 attacks.
Is refusing to give the panel notes on presidential briefing papers, taken by some of its own members official said.
Okay.
You got that?
No.
959, we need 41 more votes for 1000 before 2 o'clock at a world's going to come to an end.
The standoff is prompted the 10-member commission to consider issuing subpoenas for the notes and its further soured relations between the Bush administration and the bipartisan panel.
Lack of access to the materials would mean that the information they contained could not be included in a final report about the attacks.
We're having discussions on this almost hourly or at least daily said the commission's vice chairman Lee Hamilton in the end of Democrat.
We retain all of our rights to, I don't think he's from Indiana, I think he's from Ohio, isn't he?
He says he really is.
I don't know.
We retain all of our rights to gain the access we need.
This is a priority item for us to resolve. We're working to resolve it.
The disagreement is the latest obstacle to face the National Commission on Terrorist attacks upon the US, which is racing to complete its work by May 27 deadline after months of fighting over access to government documents.
It's called stone wallings, what it's called.
The commission is asked that the deadline be pushed back at least two months, but the White House and leading congressional Republicans are vehemently opposed to that idea.
Such a postponement would mean releasing the potentially damaging Commission report July 26th in the middle of the presidential campaign.
So keep in mind all you fair-minded people out there that is far more important for the president to get himself reelected and for the American public in the world.
We really know the facts behind 9-11 and how it happened and why it happened and all of these things.
This is so disgraceful. This is so outrageous.
This more than anything should have people pissed off and fired up, even more than Janet Jackson's fake boob.
Legislation to be introduced next week in the Senate with extended commissions deadline until January voting the election altogether, which is equally stupid.
That was John McCain's cock-eyed idea.
So in other words, we have the election. He wins the second term and we find out in January.
Oh, guess what? They're totally incompetent. They lied through their teeth. Wouldn't that be lovely, huh?
As if politics in any way shape or form should have anything to do with this, which of course the answer is no.
Man, never trust a guy with a cheek as big as John McCain. I realize he had the tumor problem, but he's a little cheeky to me, you know.
Talks out of one side of his mouth. Kind of like Marlon Brando.
This thing, I'm telling you, we are poor Eric. He's probably going to have to take a long nap. 9.67. This is going to be tight.
We're going to be 13 minutes and we need 33 votes to get to 1000. There it is again.
We're going to get back to that minute. Jenny, what do you think? What's wrong with us? It's Madonna and Brittany, you know, swapping a little spit.
Now it's Janet and Justin, you know, grabbing each other. What's going to happen next?
Well, who knows what's going to happen next? I mean, I think this is part and parcel of it.
Oh, that's why I got to happen next. Did produce this happen? I think they've been told.
I bet your target to analyze this now. I'm right. Yeah, we're analyzing it. We're not analyzing the game. Nobody's even talking.
Was there a game? Thank God. No. I thought the Patriots won a Super Bowl for the second time in three years. I thought they won their 15th game in a row.
I thought it went right out of the last eight seconds, but Anna, but it's here to 41 yard field goal and everybody who was for the Patriots, including me went,
all right, like that. But no, there wasn't any game. Oh, look at this. They got a whole spin team on here to talk about this.
It's the money, right? And he is and MTV are both owned by Viacom. The good news is what? We got the close up on the website now.
Oh, great. Okay. Go to the website again. We got the close up. I've been to a movie. The decision to go with MTV.
They know what they're about. If you play with a crocodile, right? This is like ESPN, right? Getting all bent out of shape because Russia's a racist instead of the crap about Donna McNabb. Same thing.
They can say, Oh, I'm sorry. We didn't know. But somebody at CBS was a little too naive. Right.
That there weren't going to get that something wasn't going to happen by having a bear breast exposed in the way that it was exposed.
This was not just somebody hiring me and putting me on here and not expecting me to say asshole.
Charge sexual event. And I'm glad it happened because we will know that this historical event will never happen again in the history of Super Bowl.
Next year, we're going to have Ronnie Millsap singing the God Bless America or something like that.
There you go. Excellent job. See they're dissecting it in their eye. Oh, it's just a beautiful thing.
It is so fukin' American. Man, it's just incredible. I can't get back on a website again now because you between the people try to vote to keep you off the air.
And the people try to hop on there again to see the close up of that. What is it again? That squished implant between those two things are just what do you got?
The wrong thing. That's you what I mean. We're on overload. In fact, if we can't get the actual number by one, we might have to cut into the mad dogs time a little bit.
I'd have to stand on about one about 30 men because we got to get to that thousand.
Ten minutes till two of you feel like you weigh about a thousand pounds because you're big and fat and you have no energy and you're wearing puppets for clothing and you're sick and tired if you're fed up with it.
Maybe fed too much but really fed up with it. Balance for life could be the answer you've been looking for. Everybody finds it's something different works for them and balance for life is working for a lot of people including the lovely Katrina who's lost about 20 pounds on it.
And you can lose that much and a lot more because they deliver right to your door all the deliciously prepared goodies a little black sack every day in your sack.
There are three gourmet meals to fantastic snacks of 16 ounce bottle of water. Play a fresh delicious goodies to keep you full all day long.
They're omelets and frittadas and meat dishes and chicken and all kinds of great stuff. Everything fresh, nothing frozen, no preservatives.
And you get to choose between two choices for each meal and snack every day. That's run the program that the only people that you do that.
So if you're really tired of all the other diets that just don't work for you. Here's the way to do it once and for all.
Make up your mind. You're going to lose the weight this year with balance for life. You'll start seeing results on that scale in a matter of moments. Call balance for life today to get started at 9.5.4.
5.6.8.3.2.29.9.5.4.5.6.8.2.29.
Or get all the information about their amazing program on their website balance for life.com.
If you want to learn more about the program, please subscribe to our channel.
And if you want to learn more about the program, please subscribe to our channel.
I'm a good player.
I'm a good player.
154.5.60.
Let's analyze the thing one more time. Let's have more instant replay and have a whole panel. In fact, maybe Larry King, you know how he always has those panels.
Have a whole panel on there to decide whether it was intentional or by accident, or like in freeze frame and slow mo.
Oh, look at that. We just distinct. Finally, just popped up again. I must be living right.
987, which means we've got six minutes for 13 more votes on there.
987. First time ever. Now, I don't remember during the alien days, but I don't think that our website was all at nearly as popular back in those days.
No, I don't think we ever broke a thousand during the show.
Which of these is the most important to you? The presidential election 347.
My next orgasm 274.
Squirt, Squirt.
When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth 200?
Will it often make the playoffs next season 44?
No.
Where are those WMDs 36? Will I go to heaven 33?
Would you go to heaven?
No.
No.
Will the government take away my guns 19?
Will I burn in hell 12 possibly?
Will the Panthers make the playoffs this season 12?
Will the US allow Gastomer 10 out of 900 A7 votes?
I want to see it for myself.
You know what I mean?
I don't mean the booby. I know the number. I want to see go over a thousand.
What is it that we have on there right now?
Nothing.
Oh, I thought you said that Eric put the applause up on.
I saw a couple of pictures like really clear shot like the big blown of those two standing together right after the rip, the tearing, and then a zoom in close up.
The nipple in question.
That's what it sounded like by the way when you ripped that thing.
Just like that.
You hear it?
That's right.
You weren't watching nothing.
See if you'd be watching and you'd find these spontaneous things that happen.
They're totally unexpected.
People just watch the head of the show and you could have avoided the game.
Was there really a game?
No matter a fact, I noticed that as the day is wearing on now, there is no comment about the game.
There's no comment.
Earlier in the morning there was some nishodventure with the field goal in Yadi Yadiata and Tom Brady and this and that.
But other than that, they knew what they were doing.
There was no game.
MTV, they know how to create a sensation.
I'm a little bit hesitant to refresh this thing because I feel like I'm going to be afraid because I refreshed it and it didn't come back.
Did it say yes?
Internal server error or something like that?
No, it's like an error.
Or you're going to burn in hell and you're never going to...
Internal server error, there's that damn thing in.
Okay, everybody get off of there.
Okay, because I think we can do it.
Get off our website.
Get off my cloud.
Okay.
I want to actually see it because this is a momental especially on a day like today which goes to show you.
When you get to work in a morning, folks are when you get out of the sack and your day starts and maybe you cut yourself shaving and you have wild diarrhea or very nasty constipation and you're sitting there squeezing for hours, nothing happens.
And you think, boy, this is going to be a really, really horrendous day.
I was going to say a crappy day but that wouldn't be the case.
A horrendous day and you never know.
So in other words, don't count your chickens until they are squat.
If this is not going to come back up, okay?
This page cannot be displayed.
Who are you kidding?
You must be dreaming.
That's what it says right on my computer.
You must be dreaming if you think you're going to see this.
Now, how about if I just go to the regular one of the mill?
Huh?
Should I try that?
You know what?
You know what?
It's not going to work.
Nothing to work.
No?
Okay, while I'm waiting for that, which it isn't going to happen.
Don't forget.
One last reminder that our hot couples contest the fifth one.
Starts.
We're going to have two more this year.
One now and one whenever we feel like it.
Today, through February 13th, the next 11 days, you can email your pictures to contestatnearrojus.com.
And don't forget if Miguel doesn't respond to you by returning your calls or anything about any other issues.
Be sure and send him a note on there too.
At contestatnearrojus.com.
This is called getting even.
This is called getting even.
And then I go, what?
For what?
For turning it down?
Yeah, that's it.
They devote for the hottest couple.
No, for the days he filled it on the show when you weren't there.
Oh, that's the hang of that.
I'll think of plenty of things in this case.
For a picket on Doreen so much, how's that?
The week of February 16th, that'll be the week you can vote.
And at the end of the week, whoever wins can choose their prize out of the top two.
A trip for two to Heedonism and Jamaica or a trip for two to the Royal Oasis, Cassino and Bahamas.
The second place couple gets whichever of those trips is left over, which is not Chop River.
And third place prize, they don't have Chop River, but if they did, they'd be glad to serve it to you.
A dinner for two at the world famous pizza lot.
Mine is not refreshing.
No.
Or is it mild?
Internal server error.
So we're just going to have to take it based on face value or maybe we just, they'll just have to tune in again tomorrow morning to get 10 to find out who's going to be up.
999, I got a mine.
999?
Oh, we got a minute and 10 seconds for one more vote on there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mine will come up.
So we got one minute and two seconds, one.
Huh?
Well, I'm never going to know anyway because I can't see the van.
I know it's a come on Jesus.
What?
Internal thing.
Yeah, no, it will not come back.
So like I said, the time is running out on George and you may be working a lot for the next seven weeks.
No, not me.
George will be on from six in the morning till midnight.
In fact, he's going to be working with his best friend in the building for the first time, which I think that ought to be a real hope.
Maybe hello in his bag and try it out.
I'll fill it.
I'll bet you will.
From what I heard this morning, you could probably, boy, I was cranked that overflow valve a little bit.
Okay, the mad dog coming up next to me, I know he's going to talk a lot about the game, not so much about breasts and stuff like that.
And Justin Tinkerbell and Janet Flid to this and this one did that and stuff like that.
And the Humper, another, like I said, tough assignment in Vegas at 4 of the seconds.
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah.
Thank you for watching.
