Friday you've pressed in. Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew
their Bible versus better? Well I have the answer to your prayers. From the
makers of YouSync My Martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy. Crucifixion.
Crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play. First someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and
the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful if you pick
a wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets nailed. And I'll take a guess. How about a
chair? Nope sorry Billy. I'm sorry Jesus. After three nails and one spear to the chest
everyone loses. But don't worry in three days you can play again. So run down to
your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
Why not play tonight? Comes with a small Jesus doll nails and a tiny spear fake blood
wouldn't cross and hammer not included. Crucifixion. A parodic of Trinity brothers.
Jesus Christ. 10101 at 560 WQM the Jesus Christ is read at big time now man. It's all
everybody's talking about either one of the two or three things. Jesus Christ. One is a
Colorado coach Gary Barnett the Arrate Boa coach at Colorado. Yeah what do you have to have
know they have training await coaches and their rate coaches. Oh there is again. I really
do and that's why I said I get lost here. You're you're done. You're out say goodbye. And then of
course there if they're not talking about Colorado you and all the rapists there and the athletic
subculture. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. The subculture subhumanist. If they're not talking about that they're
talking about Jesus Christ. Right. See even more is talking about it. So it's a pretty heavy
duty. Anyway here's the we have over 10,000 votes on our hot couples contest. Oh right.
Standing and at 155 this afternoon that'll be a finito and the top three couples will win a prize
first couple wins. One of those two trips whichever one they choose either hedonism and Jamaica
three night vacation all inclusive all meals and beverages except the air fair and personal expenses
or a two night vacation for two with the Royal Oasis resort and casino only includes air fair
to Gran Bahama Island you pay for the rest and all your office supplies too. And the third place
so winner gets a dinner for two at the pizza love and you can watch the members eat for free
and have your own fine meals. Over 10,000 votes. I don't think I want to like talk about the numbers
yet. Do I? About who's got what? What numbers we talking about? On the contest. Oh yeah no.
Well no it looks like the top I don't want to say it because if I say anything it'll be a
cue. You know you shouldn't have said that we'll wait till 155 and then we'll run it down. We'll
wait for the wins. And thanks to everybody who sent the pictures and we'll be doing it again twice
more. Don't forget since a goofball is there. What was that guy's name Larry something
that called us that day and said that he emailed the the thing to Miguel is picture and
I've got on the content. Somebody they'll make sure to get into the second. We'll make sure we
get them on the next one otherwise Miguel will be crucified right in front of the QM studios.
Take a hell of a movie maybe even a mini series. Hey and I know he's going to go see that movie.
If there's anybody in that building it's going to go see the Jesus Christ your movie. It's going to
be Miguel. Why do you think that about Miguel? He'll go. Won't you go? Actually yeah. I told you
that I know it or what and cast or even mentioned it. I'm pretty proud. All the Jesus does have a
beard that looks a little like. Jesus Christ. Talk about him in Aramaic. I see in Fidel. Infidel.
That's what I said. 1839 votes on our poll yesterday. What's your take on a religious right who are
really you people out there in radio land you haven't got any idea of what's coming thanks to
the Bushmeister and Michael Powell all this stuff. You it's only just begun and the excuse of
course is the little flap at the Super Bowl. That was just the opening they needed just exactly
what they were looking for. They'd like come down with the hammer. Hey stupid. Oh it's big in a hammer.
Tom jick has got a cute little thing coming up Sunday. See not only do I have the local papers
even though I'm distant away but here's Sunday's the question and answers from the TV book in a
Sunsental which is always the highlight for me because once in a while somebody in the business gets
mentioned even once in a while us. Here's a question to Tom jick. My grandson said there's a movie
titled The Hebrew Hammer on TV is this true and much channel is it on our unless Palm Beach. Here's
Tom jick is answer. I always thought Hank Goldberg of WQAM and ESPN was the Hebrew hammer.
That was funny. But the Hebrew hammer movie isn't a bio. It's not his bio. It's a farce of a
afflicted aired on Comedy Central Botanor. Authorized Jewish young man Adam Goldberg who battles to
keep an evil imposter Santa from doing away with Hanukkah as he did Christmas. It's unlikely to be
repeated until the holiday season next year says little Tommy. Hank Goldberg the Hebrew hammer. Hey
stupid. I like that. Maybe we can start the nickname the Hebrew hammer. You like that? Yeah.
It's kind of cute. I can't wait. Tommy's kind of like joining the human race again lately. I
don't know what happened to him. He got religion different kind. 1839 votes. What's your take on a
religious right we ask yesterday? What's your take on Jesus Christ? There's nothing but hate
Montgomery morons. 589 almost a third of this audience said that you're the whole religion thing is
a big racket 503. I don't mind if they would just leave me alone 266. They're full of Shiite 156.
They gave their brains a way to fakers under 19. I'm one of them praised God 110 5.9% of this
audience Bible thumping right wing wackos and more power to you. And the biggest perverts of all
and of course we know that's true 96 5.2% of nearly 2000 votes. Here's today's poll. Gotta be
timely man. I know we've done this before but I think since the names are expanding on this list
all the time and we can never do this too often. Especially when you talk about the athletic subculture.
What a joke. Yeah it's a subculture. Many like you know knocking women up and beaten the crap
out of them and raping them and doing these things. More and of course sitting around and
slapping each other and he asks with towels or with their hand. Just doing these things.
Who do you think is the biggest sports scumbag of all times our poll question today?
See now every time I start saying something I'm going to think about it the second time I'm
not going to say it. Every single time. No no I read him because I had a good line for that but I'm
not going to yield and well just as many people will assume we have to clean up our act. I want the
audience to understand that it wasn't just Mel Carmes and Infinity or they output out there in
Denver. Every radio company in America that's got like more than $10. They're like putting the hammer
down. They hit your hammer. They're putting it right down. Well it's happy because they don't want to
get it. Huh? It's a heavy hammer. You got a heavy hammer and you don't want to hold it forever
plus it's expensive and probably cost at least 30 40 bucks. How many?
About 30 man or 50 bucks. Who do you think is the biggest sports scumbag of all time and I've
got a list for you so far and you can add to this I'm sure but I think we got the pretty good ones.
Almost let OJ offer here. That was how could I do that am I dumb or what?
Colorado coach Gary Barnett who's never made the list before but I'm sure of good
lot of votes because it's the hype you know he's in the media all over the place now it's all
they're talking about his Gary Barnett and Jesus Christ in the same breath. Woody Hayes,
Jose Cansoco, Cecil Collins, Pete Rose, Darrell Strabbery, Mike Tyson, Jason Williams,
Hey Jason, how's your dog doing? Kobe Bryant, Bobby Knight, George Steinbrenner, H-Wane
Heisinger or OJ Simpson. What a magnificent list of scumbags. Isn't it? Yes and that's my own
a doing right there. It's my own let's see. Two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve, lucky 13.
So there's the list to get us started today. I guess I will take a peek before we do anything
else at that hot couples contest. Okay. No, no, I think you got it. Huh? You could peek at it.
No, I just I just want to see who the contenders are right now. Jesse and Jeffrey who tried last
year didn't make it. They have 2644. They're in first place. Carmen and Carlos, 2189 are in second.
Monica and Brian, 2018. So the battle for a second is still very much up in for grabs. And
Sarah and Sean who were off the big start, their fourth, nine, sixty five. And then it's way
back to Giselle and Rick P45 and unfortunately everybody else is way behind that.
So those are the top three are like or four whatever I said are in the running.
I mean, just passed that along. Anyway, the sixth rape allegation that the
Colorado University has got everybody up in arms of course because it has nothing to do with
Jesus Christ but nevertheless. Older Colorado police released records yesterday from
2002 of another woman who claims she was raped by University of Colorado football player,
bringing the number of rape allegations to six against players. It's part of the athletic
subculture. You don't understand that. I do. The beating, the abusing, the the meaning of women
losing up big dogs, steroids, all of these things. The allegation comes that after Coach Gary
Bernat was suspended from the pro and of course strippers and booze for the recruits. And then why not?
Huh? If there's a bunch of schools trying to woo you and if anybody out there ever go to
the school you come to their school and have a great time and be a real superstar jack. If you
try to get into jack, why not have strippers and booze? Huh? That would certainly be a great
inducement. Any 17 18 year old kid would seem to me. I could be wrong. But you're not. And even if
well, anyway, the allegation comes at ass here every time everything that I say everything
I'm going to think about a second time, a third time, a fourth time before we even break part
too much. In fact, we now have a new quota. We can only play eight parts per hour. We can only play
SBDs from the bottom. The good part of it is see, I can play them all at once. The bodily function.
Here's another one. Sneaked it out. The allegation comes that after Coach Gary Bernat was suspended
from the program for comments relating to another female player who religiously was raped of it.
University president Elizabeth Hoppen, on play went, did that Bernat was placed on paid administrative
leave because of his disparaging remarks about the university's only female place kicker, a Katie
Unida. Hoppen said in the context of the rape allegations, it's inappropriate to make statements about
the ability of the player. No kidding. They keep showing that statement he made the other day was just
mind boggling. I mean, she really was awful. She just was terrible. But that's not what a rape is said.
They liked it. That's what she was pretty. Of course, she might have been experienced by the time they
got to her. Anyway, getting back to this other charge, according to police records from September 29,
2001, the woman claimed a football player raped her in an apartment despite her telling them at least 10
times she didn't want to have sex with them. At least 10 times maybe even 30, man. The CU program has
been on the scrutiny for weeks after the deposition surface that three women claimed they were raped at
or just after a sex party in Boulder in December 2001. Nida, a CU of play skicker 1999,
nine told sports, illustrated this week that she was raped in it by a teammate that she was
verbally abused, harassed and molested by her fellow players. Remember at what was the military
school where they had the female look at it and which one was the young man that could have
fortress, something fortress. The citadel. Come on. Citadel. Very good. Fortress, a little word
association there. The citadel. And now at least they didn't rape any of them probably because
they were extraordinarily ugly. That's a bad thing to say, but it's probably true. They were probably
rape in each other though. No doubt about that. There's a lot of that goes on, especially those
semen out on the anabey. Oh see, I should have said that either. Well, let me ask you this.
Do we also now have to spell out some of these words because I was talking about the SCAMEN.
We see what we call the enable of recruits. None of your peri and double entendres.
Oh, okay. That's correct. I got a really, really we got to clean it up. Get the lava, get the coast.
In fact, even on the coast, they're going to have to clean up those liners that they're reading
because the Americas come under a whole new challenge chapter, baby. We're chilling. I got this
term. I have to hit everybody like a 70 rule. Just like now, what was it? The other company,
the Denver based one that said, oh yeah, yeah, that's right. And the thing I read yesterday about
imagine that everybody who's listening was like had was like a 70 year old child.
Right. And of course, in this audience, somebody else is in support of getting Christian 7 year old
child. Right. So be very careful in what you say and the way you say it and double entendres and
single entendres and the words and the sex and excretory activity and all of these things, huh?
Because it's just it's tragic. This is what you got with Bush and E. I keep trying to tell
you people that the fundamentalist have taken a country over and you think it's just a joke. It's
the truth. America's been taken over by a bunch of wing nuts, right wing, religious,
born again, Bible thumping nut cases. That's cute, right wing nuts. That's correct. Now,
I said nuts, of course, I was talking about nuts as crazy, not nuts as in nut and honey.
Stuff like that. And certainly not nuts is in 10, 13 at 5, 60 WQM. In fact, the whole thing is
going to make us all little nuts before we're here. I'm sure that but it'll give the middle level
management something to do and the upper level management. He can, you know, kind of walk around a
hall with his ear to the war like that, making sure who's naughty and nice. In fact, it wouldn't
surprise me that Maddie Bell would qualify to be the QAM, uh, filth police, right? Right.
Since he really, he did a good job about, what was the three summers ago, right?
About that. First time you were filled in when you're talking about, you know,
we certainly are not going to be talking about no more. Now, I'm just quoting what you were
talking about when he was all upset about. Hey, don't go quote me even Dwight Lauderdale, uh,
played that bid on Channel 10 news where they mentioned eating ass. So if it's good enough for
Channel 10 news, I figure it's good enough for QAM. Am I right? Oh, I'm sorry. Hey, if you're
looking for something to do exciting, get out of the house and go and get a little breath-taking
experience and jump up and yell and cheer at Pompadot Park and poker. See again,
be very cautious when you say poker. He does it. Cheer for your whore.
Cheer for your horse from the rail or enjoy fine dining at the top of the park restaurant as you
watch the only nighttime horse racing in Florida and plunge your guts out. If playing poker is
your game, then match your skills at Pompadot Park's fabulous card room. Live racing and poker is
going on five days a week, including today. Every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
live racing starts nightly at 7.05 like tonight and the poker room is open new to midnight every
live racing day like today. Coming up tonight is the second round of the 125,000 dollar Mac
Nobel trotting series and Saturday is the second round of the 250,000 dollar Alacopree Pacing Series
plus there'll be free prize drawings tomorrow as well. Even if you don't know Charlie Farber from
V Farber, you'll still have a great time. If you don't know Donnie Brainerd from Michelle Brainerd,
same person by the way. Or at least they sit the same way in a bike out the middle of the track.
Located just a half a mile from both I and I, 95 in the Florida turnpike, Pompadot Park is
easy to get to. In festival, they give you free admission and free general parking every day. Don't
forget the great food on the six floor dining room at the top of the park restaurant. Call Pompadot
Park for more info in their new racing schedule at 9.54972 2000 or go to their website at Pompadot Park.com.
Don't forget the poker room opens at noon today and live racing tonight 7.05 p.m.
This is CBS.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me.
That is how the bitch was someone else's wife.
The surly husband was the man healthy.
If I found out when it changed me with a dime, why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She beat you bad with her own bad.
If that's still the best out of me, people will be now.
So you're gonna have to be a bleep in there when he said the P word on I want to just mention that in past.
This past year belonged to you.
I'll give something for Bokobrine to do while it's counting his money.
Have him redo that with a little bleep in.
A lot of time to count his money.
As a matter of fact, I want to look on this list of words.
See that the FCC has made damn sure that we are going to say.
Yes, that's one of them.
So we won't be seeing that again.
I see.
Here's the fact that there's some nasty-ass looking couples on that page.
Well, that's your opinion, okay?
It says, kind of gives you a demographic view of your audience.
Doesn't it?
And the answer that is no.
There's some nice looking couples on there as well.
There's the good, the old, the young, and everything in between.
I don't know what that's supposed to be.
PS nice nips unsure and stone.
This fact is obviously never met a lot of the people in our listing audience that we have.
And yes, we have some very bizarre people out there too.
But then again, that's off Florida.
PSS, the Michael Powell picture is the most disgusting item ever posted on your site.
My gag reflex kicks in on viewing and we're delighted you're enjoying it.
Also, how can you leave very Lewis off your list?
Well, we just put them on there.
Didn't we?
Yes, we did.
Good.
And you're right.
OJ, it's an am good thing.
We did remember that.
A darn good thing.
It's a very good thing.
It's an excellent thing that I remember that or that you did reminded me.
OJ Simpson 29, the biggest sports scumbag of all time.
Wayne Heizinger, who never even wears a jack.
Seven, Colorado coach, Gary Barnett.
You see, if you're in the news, the hype gets you a lot of votes.
Four, Mike Tyson four, and it's small potatoes from there.
On the first, whatever we got.
50 votes.
59.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the 18 and teen Verizon wireless line.
Join Joe and Mark today from noon to two with the Verizon wireless.
Boy, there are busy beavers, men are getting around.
Oh, there busy guys.
Right.
Located inside wireless for wireless for you at 136 73 southwest 26 feet Miami.
Wireless for you at 136 73 southwest 26 feet Miami.
Stop out of when t-shirts and heat tickets and George tomorrow morning will be.
Oh, now this is this is too much.
Miguel, you're a jackass.
Thank you.
You're a crazy person.
Why?
Crazy person.
That's what I thought you said.
Now, this is just too much with George tomorrow morning 10 and noon at fast
per watt little credit off on 95 in Griffin Road.
Stop out of when fast per gift cards and other prizes.
And then Joe Castello tomorrow afternoon from noon to two at the firestone
tire located at 110 northeast eighths.
Wheaton homestead.
They'll have a race car simulator and a simulator.
Plus when the usual very low budget crap prices we have here to give away QAM
because we just don't have any cash.
The beesleaves are too busy spending it and so is Greg on those very expensive
impressive suits.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line WQAM.
Hello.
Our very first column of Friday.
This could set the tone QAM.
Online one they didn't even get disconnected.
They're there.
The radio's up in the background.
One last time.
Hola.
Buenos noches.
Buenos dias.
Neil.
Buenos tardes.
Yes.
Buenos tardes.
Muy bien.
Muy bien.
Let's go.
Let's go with it.
Come on.
All right.
Neil listen to the movie that's coming out the next little while.
I don't know.
You were talking yesterday.
I tried calling it with devil Norville was talking to people and
about the rabbi and the minister.
So we're going to take all their kids to see this.
You know, get the slow death of housing nails.
And here I'm saying these people are going to watch somebody get hacked to death.
Jesus Christ.
Exactly.
You know what is Jesus Christ?
But you know what?
They're going to all send their kids to.
We're going to be traumatized.
But you know what?
For God's sake, don't show them a breath.
You know, right?
And I was watching.
I was watching.
I forgot to say.
I think that was a subliminal slip on your property.
I think that's the point.
You know what?
I was watching TV two weeks ago on a Saturday.
And I had my five year old.
He was just sort of in and out of the room.
And all of a sudden there was something on
to discover your history.
And they were, it was a thing on the bombing.
On the terrorists in Israel, you know.
And they showed the people to go around to
pick up all the body parts.
And he wasn't in the room or I wouldn't have had it on.
And then he came in and I was doing something else.
And there was a leg of this guy.
And they explained how they knew it was the guy who had the bomb.
He slowed himself up on a bus.
And my little guy feasts this leg.
And I said, oh, don't worry.
It's only a movie prop.
You know, Jesus Christ.
Amen.
You know, but it's unbelievable that they
can show that stuff at five o'clock in the afternoon.
I was on a Saturday.
Right.
And nobody gets upset about that.
You know, I mean, talk about it for a horrific and
heck of a mess.
America's a finished man.
You can thank those fundamentalists
and all the Jews and West Palm Beach
are voted for Buchanan.
No, it's not.
America's done.
I believe what and and and it off.
You know what?
If you can't, if you can't believe the intelligence
that he's getting, then he shouldn't.
He shouldn't make his decisions on it.
Shooting.
Well, when you say Bush and intelligence
in the same sentence that's it.
Hey, listen, good luck.
It's good to get your holy nails for 1699 this weekend.
Jesus Christ.
5 6 7 0 5 16.
Of course, thank goodness that nobody else is
exploiting this situation.
It's just a coincidence that CNN is showing the Jesus story.
They murdered whatever the hell that's called this weekend.
I think it's Sunday, Saturday, Sunday, whatever day it is.
And the fact that we got Aswins, they coming up next Wednesday.
The movie is just coincidentally being released on Aswins.
Day and all these stories about Mel Gibson's father,
which we talked about yesterday and all these outrageous
anti-submitted comments.
And another saying that Mel Gibson's going to make 25 million bucks
clear profit on the movie.
When you say Aswins, you're referring to the donkey, aren't you?
Just leave it alone.
Okay.
And the donkey's asked to.
25 million dollar profit.
To which I say,
Jesus Christ.
So all the hype that's going on now, I'm sure that it isn't.
It's only because they want to convert the the non-believers.
And they want to reinforce the believers beliefs and give them
something very entertaining and enjoyable.
Seeing all the nails being driven into Jesus's hand.
Jesus Christ.
And all the whipping and thrashing and blood and guts in the cramp.
It's just it is so sick and so pathetic.
But like the guy said, and he's right on target,
the fact that for about a second and a half,
millions of people, at least the ones who are watching,
which is probably a very small number,
really when you come right down to it, because nobody watches half time.
They go to the toilet, they go get some beer,
they go do something.
But however many million people are watching,
of course, if they didn't see it then, they saw 50 million more times,
especially on our website where we have a nice picture of Sharon Stone today,
much better than yesterday's, if you ask me, much more provocative.
Yesterday's was tasteful.
Today's is tasteless.
So we give you something very everybody.
But the fact that they saw that and that has led to this is so unbelievable.
And a publicist, I still think most people are sitting back,
well, well, and they're all a little, and they're all world, world, no question.
And they just, they don't seem to understand what's going on around them.
I'm going to read this again, very short story.
I read it twice before I'm going to read it every day, I think.
This was from February 12th, L.A. Times, frustrated by the profanity and nudity on television
that culminated with Janet Jackson just in Tinkerbell's sexy Super Bowl dance.
Angry lawmakers wins, they meaning a two weeks ago.
Raise the prospect of expanding the fight against indecency on television
to cable networks for the first time.
Oh my God.
In separate simultaneous hearings, members of the House of Representatives
and Senate told members of the FCC and the President of CBS by Com that the fines could just be
the beginning of a new crackdown on profanity and decency on US airwaves.
Most immediately, they appeared headed toward passing legislation that would increase
tenfold to fine on TV and radio broadcasters who violate FCC decency rules to a maximum of 275
grand per violation.
A House committee is expected, well, this has already gone on.
Lawmakers, including Republicans, usually wary of government regulation.
In other words, hypocrites, raised the possibility of getting even tougher,
such as passing three strikes in the Roth the Air Law that would revoke the FCC license
of repeat offenders.
Reformers who focus on network television are missing 85% of the story
because 85% of Americans now get their TV program from a cable and satellite
said the anxious FCC chairman Michael with his gigantic pals.
Senator John McCain, Republican and Arizona,
favorite to suggestion by the Consumers Union, the Congress required cable and satellite operators
to offer all a card programming in which people pick and pay only for the channels they want.
God forbid you should get a channel like MTV, uh,
sneaking in.
Oh my god.
You don't want your kids to be seen all that perversion and of course,
toxic with Brittany, all that other stuff, all that body parts.
Congress would have to change rules governing the FCC before the
commission would expand its oversight of cable TV because cable is a subscription service that
doesn't use the public airwaves that historically has been out of the FCC's jurisdiction.
But in the aftermath of the Super Bowl halftime show, which is now a convenient excuse,
Congress may be willing to give the FCC greater authority over cable, which all we can say that is.
Oh my god.
Fly in local, we are sports radio five CCCC, UA-C-U-A-M.
Um, I urge everyone to complain to the station.
Freedom's there, freedom's there, let's bury our hands.
Freedom's there, freedom's there, let's bury our hands.
This is the biggest weapon I've ever seen.
That's an ascendant when it's a shadow of bad insincere.
Freedom's there, freedom's there.
Freedom's there, freedom's there, let's bury our hands.
1032 at 560, freedom is dead as a door nail, good luck to you.
And Bob Cronich, New Hampshire, thanks for your says, two scumbags for the pool.
Steve Howell and Michael Irvin, two excellent choices.
We got them on there.
Got them.
Kerry or candidate in 2004 was his Bob, I almost see it the border Bob.
Now I got a great idea to raise a lot of money for a band and pay rescue this year.
What we're going to do is compile a CD of all those bits that are going to be
summarily, you won't hear him no more.
In fact, the one that we just played, I apologize profusely because I had no idea that the
P word was in there toward the end, but I mean it's not a big deal.
But um, we're going to have to go through this DCS and they're going to have to be a whole
I dozens and dozens of bits that you're never going to hear no more.
I'll give you an example.
Shall I give you some examples?
Okay.
Sofa, King, right?
We'll hear that no more.
So what we can do, and even though some of these of course have appeared on some of the CDs
in the past, we can make a compilation of all the stuff that certainly is,
and we can put a big picture of Michael Palo de Us boobs on the cover would be good.
Defort Bitting Tracks.
Right.
The forbidden tracks that you can cherish and have forever, then you won't have to be
bitching about it.
And of course once we give it on CD, it'll be on, you know, people will be stealing it all over the place.
Yeah, a few people will donate and pay for it, but a lot of people steal it,
but at least they'll have it.
See?
Right.
Don't say that word anymore either.
They won't have to complain about it.
What do you mean by that?
As opposed to that B word that you used.
Seven-year-old children shouldn't be here.
Seven-year-old born-again children shouldn't be here in that B word that you used.
What was the B word?
I'm not going to say it.
Oh, bitch?
Yeah.
Oh, no, you can say bitch.
Okay, yeah?
Today, I'm going to be a side-of-the-year-old.
We'll say it a lot today.
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch.
Okay, so I'm like in South Park.
Now, what was I saying before you so rudely interrupted me all about going through here
and finding a whole bunch of stuff that we won't be able to play no more?
Because, you know, just like, I mean, here it is 2004.
People are starving all over the world.
Because people in America who can't have enough money to buy the prescription drugs
or pay their rent so they have to alternate from one month to the other.
We have American kids dying based on lies in Iraq.
We have thousands of Iraqis who I did on a war based on lies because of an illegal invasion.
To satisfy the neocons.
And yet, what is the government worried about?
Your government inaction and there's no appausity between those two words.
Your government is doing it, baby.
The word police.
The pot police.
The word police.
The Jesus Christ, your police.
It's really tried.
And then, of course, we got the gay marriage police.
Make no mistake about that.
The Bushmeister already, oh, yesterday says he's really pissed off and fired up.
I mean, he's peed off.
I wasn't saying pissed off.
Really?
Yes, you can.
Okay.
There you go.
Let's give a primer to the audience.
Okay.
So you understand.
Pistoph gets fired up when I hear someone say that.
You say pissed off just as they say.
As an expression dealing with your frame of mind.
Well, we use added to that.
It's the political, physical act.
Do you understand?
Because if anybody needs some direction, you're the one.
Just trying to keep you out of hot water because believe me, there are people in that building.
Absolutely.
You love to scald your ass in hot water.
I mean, it's all over your bottom and hot water.
President Bush's political directors told a group of prominent conservatives that the
president would soon publicly endorse a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
Baby Cannon, the anxious one who makes a brother, Pat seemed like Ted Kennedy.
Baby Cannon told Reuters she was one of several conservatives who heard the message from
political director Carl Roving Maniac two weeks ago.
We were told by Carl Rove that the president would support the constitutional amendment,
not just that he would endorse it, but also that he would fight for it.
Baby Cannon says, Bay which rhymes with gay.
Specifically, Rove told the alliance of conservatives known as the Arlington group
in a telephone conversation that Bush would back the amendment being put forward by
Colorado Republican Marilyn Musgrave and that his statement would come sooner rather than later,
which is why in the last couple of days, of course, he's expressed his outrage in dismay
over these grotesque things in California.
All these horrible things.
All of that.
And of course, that's why Laura Bush was out there in Santa Monica, the elementing this horrible
nasty grotesque thing that we must stop.
We must put a stop to it now.
Stamp out gay marriages, stamp out potty mouth words on radio,
and certainly stamp out the pot smokers and all the perifinities that goes along with it.
We got the sex police, the pot police, the word police, the gay marriage police,
the jaywalking police, the chewing your gum too loudly police, the smoking inside of a tavern police,
the smoking at the racetrack police.
So I used to tell that it was a police statement.
You say, ah, I bought that nail, sure it's funny.
You're living in a police state, boys and girls make no mistake of booting.
I'm not WDQM. Hello.
But Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Remember when Patrick Cannon in 1992 was a Republican convention,
talked about cultural wars and we all rolled our eyes and left them.
Look at this right wing.
Well, here we are, man.
And the interesting part of it is he's not on that side of it anymore.
He's not on that side of it.
No, you know, that's true.
I mean, ever since Ronald Reagan called Patrick a vegetable and right away Jerry Fowell and Pat Robertson
came out from under the rocks where they lived,
they got to talk about abortion.
And anything to, you know, look, unfortunately,
you know, I mean, Ironic that Reagan turned into a vegetable.
See?
Ironicly, ironically, it's unfortunate, rather,
that the average American is a fierce willing sloth and falls for this crap.
And there he is.
Yeah, I mean, it's just, it's amazing.
But I hate to say it's Patrick Cannon and the only time I ever agreed with him,
I mean, it turns out he was right.
We're fighting the cultural war while we're losing the Iraqi war.
Have a great day.
I have a good luck to you, sir.
I'll see you right at the border.
I'll see you at the Buffalo of the Peace Bridge.
Bring the Kobasa and the Chicken Wings.
What else have they got in Buffalo?
Oh, the Kimmelwick on Roast B.
Roast B. von Kimmelwick.
Whatever it is, don't get fat boy in there again.
OK, I had one dose in this morning.
I was two doses.
Oh, yeah, belly.
I think that's pornographic and I'm seeing if he asked me.
Hi, Fowie.
Oh, not gonna hear that, no, Moll.
Because it makes me think of three obnoxious and annoying fat people
who are Saber's fans.
And that really act forates me.
By the way, would somebody tell Rick Jenner at the number 26 in the Panthers
is Mike Van Rine and not Van Rinn?
Somebody please tell.
I love Rick Jenner at his one of the best.
But somebody please tell him to pronounce.
I had, I got to tell you this.
I should have told a clearance, but of course we were discussing other things.
I had a nightmare last night.
Yeah, I was broadcasting a high school basketball game.
Clarence was doing the color, although he never said a word.
He just sat there with kind of a dumb look on his face, like Clarence.
And I was broadcasting a high school basketball game on this radio station.
And the only problem was that I only had the names of some of the players.
And for some reason, I couldn't get a program.
And this kept going through my mind that I, and I was just making names up.
Jones passed it over to Edwards.
And, you know, I didn't know the first names of any of the players.
There were many of the players that didn't have any idea what the names were.
And it was the longest basketball game.
There were no fouls, no interruptions, no anything.
It just kept going on and on and on.
And I'm sitting there and Clarence is sitting there with a blank,
a very satisfied expression on his face, probably, you know,
fantasizing about the beast.
But it was, what does he, what do you think that means?
And I think, I think, I think that a shrink would, I think a shrink would
probably tell you there was definitely a correlation between that and some of the events
that are going on right now as we discover that the, the days of you're enjoying your radio or
TV or your cable or anything else are rapidly vanishing. Okay.
And of course, you got to understand that these people realize that time may be running out.
They can read the polls.
They understand that they're going to have to come up with something really spectacular
to stay in another four years with this crap.
And it seemed unlikely.
So, so while they've still crap, you can still say crap.
Just don't take one.
Okay.
But as long as they've got the, the wheels and in their hands right now,
they're going to start, they're going to grease them and they're going to start pushing
them as far to the right as they possibly can.
So I think that is a good idea.
Don't you have making a CD?
All the forbidden cuts.
Sure.
CUTS, the forbidden cuts.
Not only do we have to articulate very clearly, occasionally we might have to spell
something out just to make sure nobody misunderstood our intent.
And locals, this is 4.0.5.6.
Today you bastard.
I'm just going to say that I like street grants that.
Like a power one to know where to move that.
Like a power one to know where to move that.
They're on our website.
Is there one thing they haven't regulated the internet?
Yet.
Yet.
So what we're going to have to do is really put a lot of really risk-case stuff.
I don't want to say dirty and filthy and grotesque and titillating.
And I say that.
No.
On our website.
I like sure and stoned today and a really slutty kind of a picture.
It's a beautiful thing.
Went in down, check it out.
Okay, speaking of those slots and scumbags, who's the biggest sports scumbag of all time?
OJ Simpson 104.
They aren't going to touch OJ.
Because he killed two people.
A cold blood.
Everybody knows it.
We know we're on the OJ.
So is there anybody with a brain?
Mike Tyson 32.
Wayne Heiseng and 19 George Steinbrenner 10.
Excellent.
Bobby Knight 9.
Pete Rose 9.
Jason William 7.
Colorado coach Gary Barnett 7.
He'll be canned soon.
Jose Conceco 6.
Don't say Jose Conceco.
Gerald Strawberry 5.
Ray Lewis 3.
Kobe Bryant 2.
Cecil Collins 2.
Michael Irving appear.
Woody Hayes 1.
And no votes yet for Steve Howe.
Ray Caruth, which I didn't even know we put him on.
Er Loran's Taylor.
Didn't we leave somebody off?
Oh, we got Ray Lewis.
He's got four votes.
So there is your scumbag athlete.
It's part of the athletic subculture.
You must understand.
Drugs and raping women and beaten up people and guns,
shooting up things, dogs, people, whatever.
It's just partly athletic subculture in America.
They just have different altitudes.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Yeah, Dave Bliss, the Baylor coach.
I don't know if that's on your list or not.
He's small potatoes.
Don't you think?
I tried to set up one of his own plays.
Anyway, that's not why I'm calling.
I wanted to know what I missed at the beginning of the show.
What is going on with the crackdown on you being able to play and say things?
I mean, this is happening.
I'm just, I can't believe this is going on.
I'm here.
Did you're not going to be you?
But it isn't just me.
It's the whole country.
I mean, it's Howard Stern.
It's the Rodgers.
It's anybody that sports people on this station.
We got the word police and the sex police and everybody else after us.
And let's face it, when you start threatening radio stations,
the companies that own them,
they want to lose the licenses and the TV companies too,
which is why CBS and Bill Carmers and his ping in his pants.
So.
It's scary.
It really is scary.
It was so hard.
It's in a word for it.
It's unbelievable.
And of course, who's going to fight back against this?
Because you know, you got to look.
You got to Republican Congress.
A Republican president.
You got the colon pal son is the head of the FCC.
There's nothing to fight back with.
Well, I tell you what, you can't sit on that.
You go on the air and say this.
But you know, you people, everybody out there listening
that loves the show needs to call or write to the FCC.
And how ridiculous.
Oh, there's a lot more to be able to see about this show.
But not the ones who like it.
Well, some of the people who like it,
just start writing to them because I mean,
this is the only type to show that.
This is the only show like it in the maybe in this entire country.
I mean, I'm not saying this show is going to change that much.
See, one of the things that I can do,
and I'll pat myself a little on the shoulder
because I can't reach my back.
But you know, you have to know how to do it cleverly
and be a little bit intelligent about it.
So you're like kind of like hop over to your hot calls in the street.
And you know what I'm saying?
And we can show.
With Pharrell, he didn't do that.
You do that.
And you do it creatively.
He was not that way.
Well, because there's stubborn.
He's got a career death wish.
And I think he'll probably get candid in line, too,
which is sad because he's a good guy.
But he just, he just has a death wish.
And if you're going to be stubborn,
all you're going to do is keep shooting yourself in a foot.
There has to come a point where survival, you know,
means something to you.
If you're sad, you just have to keep stay on the ear
and fight and say the things that other people are thinking,
but can't necessarily say.
I'm doing it, man.
All right.
Thanks.
Thanks, Neil.
See, yeah, I mean, I don't want the audience.
Oh my God, the whole show and everything is going to know.
I'm not saying that, but there are some things
that we aren't going to be playing anymore.
Because we're not going to jeopardize.
First of all, I'm not jeopardizing my job.
I got less than three years to go.
And I need the cash.
And I'm not going to jeopardize what I got left here
because it just to be a stubborn jackass.
And oh, we're going to see this on the ear.
By the way, George happens to be a bad offender.
He played something at the end of the show.
Yes, did I remember what I held?
He likes sneaking those things in, which blesses soil.
It's really cute.
But it ain't going to happen no more.
No, you follow my drift.
I'm bad.
Good.
Well, you won't be bad.
You won't be bad too long.
OK.
Michael Jackson thought he was bad too, but not so more.
You know what I mean?
Jesus Christ.
He was bad.
At any rate.
In fact, I'm not going to get into specifics
because in fact, I might do the whole show on this today.
I'm not going to go into the specifics
because I said I wouldn't because they give me.
I asked.
I asked for it specifically.
I said to a clearance and a duck before the show today
about 20 to 10.
I said, how come it is because they're nitpicking
about a bunch of little stuff.
I mean, you know, pencils and paper clips.
And who's going to pay for this?
I mean, that's all these companies.
Not just Beasley.
They're all a bunch of cheap bastards.
And I said, well, how come they're worried about nitpicking
with stuff like that?
But in the meantime, Infinity and just about
every other company, Clear Channel,
every company that owns more than one half
of a radio station in America.
Now I was putting down these really tough guidelines
because Michael Polyne, FCC,
are on a rampage.
They're going, Ape Schmidt.
See, I can still say that.
See, that's what I'm talking about.
If he's a little bit of a common sense,
they're a waste to get around this.
I'm not going to be playing games with the F word, though.
More means screw you is good enough for me.
You know what I'm saying?
We don't need any F word reference until they make that
illegal, right?
Right.
Well, screw up when they tell us that screw.
Now, Nail is okay because you have to go out
and get your holy nails.
You can screw it by Jesus.
Mm-hmm.
Right?
So nails are okay, but screw all of some people out there
have a screw loose, which many of our callers.
So what if Jesus screwed to the cross?
Well, I don't want to speculate whether Jesus was screwed,
okay?
That's a whole different category.
And leave it to you to start.
I'm going to see what I mean about him.
He can't stop.
He can't stop it.
Stop it.
Nip it in the mud.
Rob, I love and speak.
Hey, I'm offended by that.
But I think so.
All of a sudden, just coincidentally,
it must have been my psychic powers.
Did you notice the way that went down?
Were you sitting in there when I asked about that?
Of course, yeah.
And Clarence Brettless, he says,
oh, you know, I was doing that taskable game.
So I wasn't here the other day, but we just got it the last night.
And I'm thinking to myself,
if you just got this list of guidelines
from Beasley Broadcasting for those of us on a year,
why haven't you given them all of us right away?
In other words, are you waiting for us to violate something
on air or get fined again or lose your license?
Why not give it to us all the way right away?
So we know what the hell we're doing.
Why not put the signs on the roads right away
when you build the road with a speed limit,
as opposed to sitting under the overpass,
with Smokey with his radar gun
to see how many tickets he can write.
And so all of a sudden,
on the fax machine, here came five pages of stuff.
And here's the part of the problem being here
that on most of these radio stations,
you don't have anybody,
I'm not just talking about QAAM,
most of these radio stations,
you don't have anybody who's really supervising the situation
who understands what these guidelines are.
Even the FCC themselves don't understand what they are.
I mean, that thing that came out with back in 87.
And again, keep in mind,
it's the thing about local community standards,
that doesn't mean anything no more.
It used to be that.
Now, the FCC considers whether an average adult listener
in the US would find the broadcast matter
apparently offensive,
and the FCC will rely on its own expertise
in determining the standards of the average adult listener.
Well, is there anybody in this audience,
is there anybody in the world who can tell me
who can define for me the average adult listener
in the US today?
No.
It's impossible.
There is no such thing.
And then I love the way it says in here
that they will determine for themselves,
the FCC will rely on its own expertise.
So in other words, whether they agree with you or not,
you lose because they just make it up as they go along.
Well, guess what, you're wrong.
You thought it was okay, but we decided it wasn't.
Says who?
Says them.
Oh, sorry.
But this original thing that came out with 87,
we're all fine in here somewhere,
about sexual activity and sexual organs.
What the hell is that?
It's in here somewhere.
Oh, here it is.
In order to be found in decent, the language involved
whether explicit double on tonned
and you end up with sound effects,
see that's not, I mean, you know,
if we can have a farting horse in the Super Bowl,
I'm sure we can have a fart on the radio.
So the problem too.
Most constituted a paddling offensive description
or depiction of a sex act organ or excretory function
in determining whether that,
no, I went through that again, but the average listener.
But there it is.
A patently offensive description
or depiction of a sex act organ or excretory function.
Again, they just made this up.
They decided this, let's see, 17 years ago,
they just made that up.
The seven dirty words with a George Carlin thing
which was like over 30 years ago.
That wasn't good enough because this gives them a chance again
to continue censoring,
which wasn't within their purview in the first place.
The FCC wasn't invented to monitor content on radio.
That had nothing to do with the FCC act of 34
whenever the hell it was.
That was strictly to monitor the technical aspect
of the business so that people weren't putting
on 50,000,000 radio stations and jamming out other signals.
That was the purpose of it to monitor technical aspects,
not to monitor language and content.
They had no business telling people what to say on the air.
And just like that bit we play, you know,
it's always the children.
I want a full investigation.
It killed you.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what it is.
The children.
As if anybody is going to ever say anything on the air
that comes close to what children hear every day.
It's just ludicrous.
It's just an excuse to censor and to apply to this
goody-to-shoes superphone immorality
which doesn't exist out there.
It doesn't exist.
There might be some people tell you they exist in their life.
Don't believe it.
Their lives are hypocrites.
I don't believe any of them.
Sure they are.
I know.
They're like a crap.
Don't do as I do.
Do as I say.
That's America today.
Don't do as we do.
Just do as we say.
Meantime they're ripping off the public Hall of Burton
and Bechtel and all their buddies at NRON.
All the stuff that's been going down.
Cheney doesn't want to give you any of the information
about his secret meetings.
Ashcroft is finally, you know, trying to stick it
to the abortion clinics and the doctors and their patients.
Don't confuse us with the Constitution.
Don't confuse us with the law.
Don't confuse us with your rights
because this is a new deal now.
We're FDR had his new deal.
This is a different new deal.
This is the raw deal.
Good one.
You don't have any rights left.
Forget about the Constitution.
Forget about rights because just like that lunatic,
which one was it the bald head one?
James, I can't think of his name, Wolsey.
Oh.
Remember him?
No.
Remember that thing I read that day
many months ago about how well if we have another terrorist
attack against the US, the way of life
that Americans have enjoyed the idea.
We'll be a thing of the past and we'll have to suspend.
We'll have to in other words,
marshal law and suspend all of our rights.
This is what they're just waiting for, you know?
Jesus Christ.
That's right.
Pretty soon, just like they're doing in Iraq,
they'll be controlling all the radio stations.
They'll put their propaganda on here.
They'll be, you know, having pictures of Bush
on around the clock instead of Sodom Hussein on the TV
and on the test pattern, it'll be the Bushmeister.
Maybe once in a while we get to see Jeb.
And even Laura, what a thought that is.
Oh boy.
She almost makes Dr. Judy need look, well, not quite.
She's just boring, Laura, you know?
She has no possess.
She's just really very Christian looking.
She's perfect.
She's perfect for him because he's real boring,
daughtering Christian.
You can't even imagine her doing any kind of a act.
But we know she did.
Well, at least twice with him.
We think.
Just keep going.
Give him the shovel.
I said, you're 30.
Judd, you're thinking about it though.
The thought police are going to come after you.
You're a squabble of love and spick ass.
I'm going to go right now.
You better just put a lid on it.
Okay, I don't know what's going to happen when I go on vacation.
Preacher.
So Bible, Bible story, good, Bible religion stuff.
Okay, do not be doing any eating ass.
Not be doing anything that has to do with any kind of
excretory activity.
Hello.
Yo, where do you go?
Are we both out?
We were one of the very best when it comes to that religious
stuff.
Debunk it, take your Bible and just go on like a preacher.
Just pretend you're preacher.
Jorge, man.
I am.
I'm changing my name.
And ask about bottom.
We're from a foggy bottom.
Baylor, what I would say.
Father Balum.
Right from Gaelum.
Or was it Salem?
Let's go burn some witches.
What do you say this weekend?
Come on.
I'll bring the nails.
I'll bring the eight at five, 60 WQ.
I'm just keep on it on him.
Get the baseball bat that Josh has got there.
Miguel, he's got a baseball bat there.
We're every once in a while.
We have to whack George with it just to calm him down.
Knock him down a few pegs.
If you're thinking to buy a new car truck,
if you want to save yourself a whole lot of money,
then I invite you to visit Armstrong's Toyota home state.
You'll find him on US one just 20 easy,
simple minutes out of the 836.
Let me draw you a map.
Armstrong's Toyota home state is worth the drive to matter
very late because they're going to save you
thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great prices and unbeatable deals right now.
In O4 Corolla, loaded including air that you own
for just 12, 990.
And O4 Camry with air automatic and more just 16, 990.
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America?
From just 14, 990.
And when you buy a new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota home state,
you get a free sun pass.
This was the first eater in the area to offer free tires
and batteries for life.
General manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever
it takes to put you in a new Toyota two day.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota home state difference
their local yield and operated and they're committed
to 100% customer satisfaction.
Their service department has even opened late week nights
to late to make sure that the service work is done
and done right of course.
Conveniently located at US one and 2.93th Street in
home state just 20 easy minutes out of the old 836.
So if you're tired, if you're fed up with those
mega dealers who over-promise and under-deliver,
then you do the right thing called David Rich,
Toyota home state GM now at 305-242-247.
305-242-247 for Armstrong's Toyota of home state.
Grab a little and save a whole lot.
I'm that great new Toyota.
My, my, and local.
This is Sports Radio by Sikki.
Way, way, yeah.
Friday you bastard.
I'm not a good, a right.
That's it.
I'm better.
You've been a stranger to me, you've always been a stranger to me.
You've always been a stranger to me.
Very good!
I'm not a genius.
My wounds were poor.
Take me
Am I good?
No, Brad.
 convincing dominant
We got a Hebrew hammer at four.
Should we start calling that every day, the Hebrew hammer?
Hank Goldberg at four, a seven o'clock,
past and preview, seven, thirty,
pastors at the penguins and what should be a gimme two points,
the penguins who are like a little girls team,
Eddie Kay at 10 and sporting news radio,
which very Jackson don't like too much,
too bad very we don't care from two to six in the AM
because it's cheap and because we lost DSP
and nobody cares anyway,
because nobody listen to that either, Barry.
What are you doing up two to six in the morning,
you idiot?
Have mommy tuck you in.
So here's one that says Bobby Knight
who's got nine votes and my feeding Bobby Cox,
he'd be a good one on there.
Bobby Cox will get some votes and I guess Dave Bliss is right.
Jay says the guy who called about Dave Bliss is correct.
He belongs on her.
He's one of told his basketball team to lie to cover up
the murder of one of his own players.
That is correct.
It was one of the premier scumbags
stories every coach, Baylor,
it just happened last year.
I remember it very well.
Like it was only yesterday, don't you?
I do not.
Dave Bliss, okay?
I hope he's enjoying what it bliss, not.
Let's see, here's one.
Chris in New York, we already have these on here.
Chris Lawrence Taylor, Ray Karuthi, also says PS,
I like big asses.
Well, congratulations Chris.
I'm real happy for you.
And you sure in America these days,
you said they have no trouble finding plenty of those
all over the place.
That's what Clarence said too.
He likes big asses.
Rick says I already don't need to abandon Perrestu
but I'll buy the new CD if and when it comes out.
I guess my favorite bit is band also if you see K.
Now actually I don't think so.
Okay.
Do you?
I don't think any of you know that's a pretty,
that's a pretty good stretch.
I mean, this business about double on time,
if you see K is a legitimate phrase,
I don't think you're right.
I'm a stretcher than you.
And if the people, what?
I don't think you're allowed to stretch it anymore.
Stretch this.
And if the people of the commission have that filthy
and dirty of a mind that they would have a problem with that,
well, I say, that's what I say to them, okay?
So please put that one on the CD of band bits.
I don't think that one's gonna be banned.
We'll have to have a committee meeting on that.
Lastly, I agree with the caller,
carry your candidate,
I'm coming over in a rap made of intertubes on the Niagara River,
maybe in a 51 Chevy truck.
Where can I find about?
About third man.
Steel drums.
Good luck to you Rick.
I'll see how it will fish you out.
Went into how it will fish your ass out.
How's that pool coming?
Don't forget 155, the hot couples contest.
We'll give you the names of the winners.
As we've got well over 10,000 vote on it.
Who do you think is the biggest sports scumbag of all time?
OJ, nobody can touch you man, and who the hell would want to?
147, my Tyson 44, Wayne Heising at 26,
Pete Rose 18, George Steinbrunner 13,
Colorado coach Gary Barnett 11,
Jason Williams 10, Josec and Succo 10,
Bobby Knight 9, Ray Karuth 7,
Darrell Strawberry 5, Kobe Bryant 4,
Cecil Collins 4, Ray Lewis got 4, Lawrence Taylor 3,
Michael Irving appear, Woody Hayes appear,
none yet for Steve Howard Bobby Knight,
and we've got a couple more going on there like Dave Bliss,
right?
Right, get with it.
5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line,
after sanctioning more than 2700
game marriages in the past week,
the city of San Francisco said yesterday
it's suing the state of California,
challenging its ban on the same sex marriages
on constitutional grounds.
Two judges already are considering challenges
from conservative groups seeking to halt the marriage
spree that began last Thursday.
The city's lawsuit asked that those cases
be consolidated into one case.
The city's asking superior court judge,
James Warren, to declare unconstitutional
two sections of the California family code
that define marriage as a union between a man and a woman.
City officials want the judge to determine
if we restricting same sex couples
from marrying, violates the equal protection
and do process clauses of the California constitution,
which by the way, that's exactly
what happened here in Canada in Ontario.
I just mentioned that in passing course,
that ain't Canada, but nevertheless.
Acting to further the equal protection
and on the screen, we are the audience San Francisco
went to court, but on the same day,
the New York City clerk disregarded
not only constitutional principles,
but also existing state statutes
by refusing marriage licenses to same sex couples.
Unlike California law, New York matrimonial law
does not restrict marriage licenses
to persons of the opposite sex
and view of leading legal authorities.
A 1997 report published jointly by three committees
of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York
and endorsed by the Association's Committee
on Matrimonial Law concluded
New York's court domestic relations law
is gender neutral.
They concluded that marriage licenses can
and should be issued now to same sex couples
under existing law, a supplemental joint committee
report by the Association in 2001
reaffirmed this conclusion.
Mayor Dick Dalian Chicago says he has no problem
with it in his time.
Bring it on.
Don't marry everybody, anybody.
But not the Bush-Mister because the event,
I got a great story from the anxious
some of the young moons washed in times.
Event gelco is frustrated by Bush.
He ain't going far enough
and they're threatening to stay home in November.
Speaking of the Bush-Mister, we've got a great
and of course all the other stuff that's going on
with the Jesus movie.
We've got a great picture of the last supper
right there with Sharon Stone.
Right.
Right underneath the revolver in between.
The last proceed.
The last supper in November 2nd, 2004
as the Bush-Mister says,
Bye, bye, bye.
Looking very much like Jesus with a different push.
It's a beautiful thing.
And we can only pray that it comes to a
come here, it comes about.
WDQA, and hello.
Hi, how are you?
Good, how are you?
I'm calling from Toronto about this game air.
It's saying it's getting on my nerves.
You guys are just screwing it all up.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean, we don't, we don't, we pass it.
It's cool with us.
Nobody cares.
Well, don't tell you guys.
Don't say it.
I had nothing to do with it.
No, but I'm saying I was just,
I just came in from Florida yesterday
or the day before rather than I was there
for like 11 days and it's on the news.
I'm just going to York every state, every city.
Nobody likes it.
Who cares?
Right.
I've been screwing up the country is worried
about what people are doing in their bedrooms.
It doesn't make sense.
I say let's bring back John Qurich and is what I said.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I think Neil should move here permanently.
He's complaining about sensor shaft.
Yeah, he's thinking about it.
Thanks, sweetheart.
See you at the Eden Center.
I'll be eating at the Eden Center.
5670560, pound 560.
I'll be sure and tell Neil about that.
Okay.
Okay.
Be sure and tell him.
Subscribe.
Follow from Toronto.
Well, that's great.
That's it.
She was 11 days in Florida and she survived.
Congratulations, sweetheart.
Don't do it again.
Don't get it alive.
It'll rot your mind.
WQA.
I'm hello.
Yeah, I'd like that a name to the bowl.
Yes, sir.
Roberto, Alamar.
Come back.
Did spinning an umpire faith made
didn't agree with the call.
John Hershbeck.
Yeah.
Okay, pal, you got it.
Roberto, Alamar.
He know like him because of the rumors about him, I think.
But nevertheless, let's get him on here.
Roberto Alamar.
He through means bitter.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, wait a minute.
Isn't that extraordinary?
Sure.
You didn't hear that, folks.
You just didn't hear that right now.
I mean, that's how silly all this business is.
And like I said, and I don't want to gloss this over
because we all spend at least 20, 30, 40 hours on this
and the days to come.
We don't really have anybody in that radio station
who understands anything about talk radio.
That's number one.
And number two, they certainly don't understand
all the nuance.
And I'm not knocking them because who could?
Who could really understand the nuances of these
dictums from the FCC and the various corporations
that trying to satisfy them?
And it's impossible.
You know, it's like I said, it's like building a giant
super highway and not putting up any speed limit signs.
It's obviously designed so that they can have a client
as a trev, okay?
That's right.
It's designed as a trev.
Oh, we got you.
We're going to find you.
And of course, those who would their criticize the government,
criticize the bushmeister and the band of Nazis.
Well, those of us, so you better
believe on this show, we're going to be really towing the line.
Yes, sir, cleverly and entertainingly,
but we're going to be towing the whole line.
And by the way, if you do CK, send her my regards.
I'm going to find a local, this is five cities.
The radio's on yours.
I'm going to be the same.
QAM.
Sit and head home watching Dwight Lauderdale.
Talking by how bombs are stealing 95s are railed.
When suddenly, with a bulletin to dish up onto the screen,
came his partner and bishop.
She said this just end to eyewitness news.
It's governor Martinez and the two lies.
Who will have more details coming up at 5.30?
He pulled them from the stores because they sold your tea.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Bob had heard the album and he was a Paul.
He said, thank you, Janet Reno.
I'm glad that you're called.
We've got to take a stand.
I guess this dirty rhyme.
Besides, it's really close to election time.
His Broward Judge, friends, said I will not fail ya.
Will censor any mention of Janet Tailia.
Yes.
Selling sex to kids going through puberty.
The two lies cruel.
Yes, they sold dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so, so, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
He get crap or butt to show he had guts.
The most of the people said this guy is a pus.
He rid the land of that noise pollution.
Even though it went against a constitution
and what did lose to durant all of the jobs.
So, ten thousand more copies.
At 12.95, he bought a brand new Mercedes.
It's really per-tee by the into the bank.
Cause he's so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
We're dirty.
It's 11.17 and we're proud of it.
Just take your radio and put it in a bunch of palm olive.
It's soaking in it.
Oh, the poor Jan, she's dead.
Anyway, I'm just reading a little part of this
cause I don't want to read the whole thing on the air
cause it's reading nobody's business and clearly I'll upset.
But anyway, in evaluating programming dealing with human sexuality,
Beasley Broadcast Group employees are expected to consider the composition
and expectations of the audience likely to be listening to a particular program
and the context in which sensitive material is presented.
Now, do you think that the people likely to be listening to this program
are looking for a goody-two-shoes show?
No.
Well, there you go.
I mean, of course, that's not the end of it.
But it's all over the place.
It's all kind of a degree.
Basically, they've put the fear of God, the fear of Michael
and those big, gigantic heaving powls into the brain
of everybody who was involved in anyway,
even the janitor's nervous.
I'm telling you, everybody is peeing in their pants.
He can't take his nose away.
Now they saw that flap on a Super Bowl
and now we have to like take a big,
we're already taking a drag-and-a-step into the Stone Age anyway.
Right.
But now we have to go back into the pre-radio and TV day
before they were even invented, even Mark Coney's embarrassed.
He doesn't know whether he wants to go through with it again,
whether it's even worthwhile.
And the thing about cable, the reason I keep reading that story,
is because just stop and think of the implications of that cable
and satellite, which are not over the broadcast airwaves owned
by the public, supposedly, correct.
It's a wire.
It's in the air.
It's out there.
It's pretty soon to have a license to breathe a fresh air.
And if you like fart and public, then you're going to get fined for that too.
That's excretory activity.
Excritory activity, man, and very objectionary.
Yes, me, especially an elevator, or a publics.
So what the hell are we talking about here, man?
When are you people going to wake up and sniff it and realize that,
I mean, nip it in the bud.
If you don't do it in November,
you'll never ever have another opportunity.
I guarantee you that.
You'll never have another chance to do it again,
because by the time Evelyn, they throw the rascals out,
by that time it'll be too late.
Rascals.
The rascals.
Am I going to say bastards?
No, I'm not going to say that anymore.
And they're not now rascals either.
Am I going to say throw the sons of bitches out?
I'm certainly not going to say that.
Can you do you the initials?
Can you say a so be?
No.
Oh, talking about South Beach.
S-O-B.
So be.
Evangelicals frustrated by so be it.
Evangelicals frustrated by bushes.
That article from the Song-M young moons washed in time.
So it's not from some liberal rag.
It's from a right wing rag.
President Bush left several million Evangelical voters on the table
four years ago, and again, is having trouble energizing Christian
conservatives, prominent leaders on the religious right, say.
It's not just economic conservatives upset by runaway federal spending
that he's having trouble with.
I think his biggest problem will be social conservatives
who are not motivated to work for the ticket,
and to ensure their fellow Christians get to the polling booths
at Robert H. Knight, director of the Culture and Family Institute.
You notice how every right wing group,
it's the Family Research Council, the American Family Association,
and now the Culture and Family Institute.
If there is a rerun of 2000 when an estimated six million fewer
Evangelical Christians voted in the pivotal year of 94,
then the Bush ticket will be in trouble, especially if there's no
native alternative to draw Democratic votes away from the Democratic candidate,
Adam Mr. Knight, whose organization is an affiliate of concerned women
for America, the CWA?
Their list of grievances is long, but right now,
social conservatives are mad over what many consider the president's failure
to strongly condemn illegal homosexual marriages being performed in San Francisco
under the authority of Mayor Gavin Newsom, that SOB.
Top religious rights activists have been burning up the telephone line
sharing what one privately called their apoplexy over Mr. Bush's failure to rack decisively
on the issue, although we are setting with support of constitutional
amendment if necessary to ban same-sex marriages, that's just not enough.
I am just furious over what's going on in California, and over what the president's not doing in California,
a prominent Evangelical leader confided.
He says he's troubled, he should be outraged.
If he's troubled, he should pick up the phone and call Arnold,
and tell him we want action against the rogue mayor who's breaking the law.
They can't possibly guarantee a large shirt out of evangelical Christian voters
if he does not do what is morally right, and take leadership on this issue
as he did the war in Iraq, said CWA president Sandy Rios.
She echoed other conservative leaders in blaming White House political advisers
and not the president himself for the failure to move forcefully against San Francisco's civil disobedience,
but the veteran activist and radio host at Mr. Bush could pay a steep price in November
for following his strategist's bad advice, from which we say, good.
The strength of this president is in his convictions, but are any ought to be convicted.
There are people that neither admire his indecision and lack of leadership on an issue
so basic as the sanctity of marriage Mrs. Rios to be saying.
Religious conservatives help Ronald Reagan win the presidency in the 80s,
and if Republicans retake 1000, 794, but complain they've had little to show
for their loyalty to the GOP.
Wait to hear who they quote next.
Hang on to your seat tight.
I'm not blaming the president, but religious conservatives have been doing politics
for 25 years, and on every front are worse off on things that they care about,
said Gary Bauer, president of American values.
That little Nazi bastard Gary Bauer, a little relation to Hank or Papa Bauer or Johnny Bauer.
The gay rights and that's Hank Bauer, not the Hebrew Hank.
The gay rights movement is more powerful, the culture is more decadent,
the life of not one baby has been saved, porn is in the living room,
and you can't watch the Super Bowl without your hand on the off-sweights,
without your hand on it.
Religious rights leaders say their constituents aren't likely to defect to the Democrats.
What is it issue here where our folks be AWOL, oh what an interesting word.
Whoa.
Well our folks be AWOL when it comes down to the election because they're not energized and motivated,
said, family research council president Tony Perkins.
I love his pancake houses, but I'm not too crazy about Tony.
Social conservatives call us around strong leadership.
That's what motivates and energizes them and on their core issues.
The leadership from the White House is not there right now.
Conservative Christian concerns with the White House leadership extend beyond homosexuality,
pornography and abortion to issues of art, education and law.
Sadie Fields, a Bush supporter in a Christian coalition activist,
she's heard grumbles that Mr. Bush stood aside while the man nominated for a federal appeals court appointment,
Alabama Attorney General Bill Pryor prosecuted that state's popular chief justice Roy Moore.
Mr. Moore of course was first of office after filing a federal court order to remove that 10 commandments monument from the rotunda of Alabama State's judicial bill.
Yadi yadi yadi.
So there is another one's no matter how far he goes to the right, it's still I could enough.
And even if he goes and sees that of course keep in mind that these are the Board of Game Christians,
and it might come as a shock to that Midwestern guy that called the show yesterday,
who probably was a phony anyway, but it may come as a shock to him,
but the Board of Game Christians aren't going to be all that crazy about this Jesus movie.
It's a Catholic thing.
Am I right?
Yep.
It's a Catholic thing and keep in mind what they said at Bob Jones University about those idol worshiping Catholics.
Oh, I know.
Oh, no, you're wrong.
You'll just say that is if you really believe it that the Protestants hate the Catholic.
And everybody hates the Jews.
WQM, hello.
Not there.
Shame on you, man.
You're going to burden hell for that.
WQM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, Pellie.
That's good.
It got cute for your pole there.
Okay.
I think my Albert might be on there.
Yeah, but we don't want to do broadcast.
There's somebody who suggested Mo, we're talking about jocks.
You know, people either who are owners or players or you know the jock right now.
Okay, well, how about a former owner of the Texas Rangers, George W. Bush?
That's the way.
I like that.
He might get OJ run for his money.
He's good.
You got a figure he's murdered more people than OJ.
Look at Iraq.
Not even close, you're right.
Yeah.
All right, I'm going to Pellie.
Good point, Pellie.
Thank you.
George W.
Put him on there.
Okay, let these people event.
He'll pass OJ like he's laying prone like he just stumbled there in the airport.
Well, it's them bad knees, you know.
He can play a lot of golf, but he has a hell of a lot of trouble running through that airport.
He said when he runs, it hurts.
WQAM, hello.
How you doing, Pellie?
Okay, Pellie.
All right, all right.
I want to ask somebody there is Lauren Phillips.
I think he's on there.
Oh, he's there.
All right.
All right, I'm going to say the way, by the way, Mohawar Davis, I'm bitch.
Okay, thanks.
No, Lauren Phillips is not on her.
Lauren's Taylor's on air.
Lauren Phillips.
He'll move way up that thing.
How could we forget him?
Out of sight out of mind.
Well, I know how I did.
Lauren's Phillips.
Well, that's because you don't, you're just not into this jock.
You better get with jock.
Sorry.
And you better start learning a lot more about the athletic subculture, Mr. BeForIt's Too Late.
Well, now that I know that there's all these sex parties and gang rapes, see that it's not anymore.
Not anymore.
Oh, damn it, I missed it.
Not too late.
You just came in right after...
Right after the deadline.
See, we didn't do any of that kind of stuff.
Because starting today, before the weekend, we better nip it in the butt right now, before the weekend.
No more of these wild sex parties.
No more of these booze and other things.
No more of these things.
In fact, no more sex period unless you have like a yellow permission slip from the White House.
Directly from Carl Roeven, John Ascroft.
That must have been for the football and the real macho sports thing.
Because when I was in track, we didn't have any of that kind of...
Hockey?
Hockey, right.
Baseball?
Sure.
Basketball?
Basketball?
You got it.
But not like track and field.
I don't know if you get Lauren's Phillips on air in Georgia, W. Bush?
Yes.
Good.
Don't forget to join Jill and Mark today, noon to two of the Verizon wireless located inside wireless for you at 136.73.
Southwest 26th Street, Miami, Staphyde, Wind T-shirts and some heat tickets.
Anybody interested in that?
No.
I'll go buy and see whoever's there.
Probably it's going to be, um...
What's John Mark?
Well, they're worth going and seeing certainly not Scott, but John Mark are worth going and saying hi to.
In fact, when you look at Joe Castella say, hey Joe, you looked just like what, how are Dean did about 30 years ago.
I'm a little off.
Clear sports radio 560.
She way up.
I had a check and pay.
One day she flew away.
To Tio on a weather moon is blue.
Double is blue.
Black with our right wing censorship.
There are words that mustn't slip.
Who truly tell you how I feel for him?
Let's feel for him.
So...
With the CK in Tio on a...
And I'll see you in Tio on a Tuesday.
All right.
Now with the CK, tell her I'm a story's name.
And the SEC won't let me sing this.
So on my road today, now if you see K, take her hand.
Can we say that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, if you see K, if you wanna...
Then I'll see you in Tio on a...
Go, go, go, but I gotta see you in Tio on a Tuesday.
Oh, right.
1130 at 560, there's nothing wrong with that.
Nope.
I'm telling you right now, that is my absolute...
I'm adamant on that.
Okay.
I mean, if...
When the day comes in America, when you can't say, if you see K,
then that's it.
That's the time to pack up just hop on the old banana boat
and head for La Republic of Dominican Republic.
Or throw it up.
Or maybe help and clean things up down there.
Yeah.
Although I wouldn't do it right now.
This is a great colony, just fact.
Me, of course, you only fast me parts,
so I went online to the SF gate, huh?
I knew you could.
Well, I printed the whole thing out, because it's long,
but I'm gonna read it anyway.
A lot of reading today, that's what it goes.
Because I'm really whipped up into an apoplectic frenzy.
Not really.
But you're back just to give me a little background
or what happened this morning.
I want you to know that I was the one who initiated
because I said, how come?
And again, it started over like paper clips and nuts and bolts
and minor things like that.
And like, you know, cutting...
Beasley's looking to cut expense here and cut there
and cut back on this.
And I said to Clarence, I said,
well, how come they're worried and they're picking
about little stuff like that, penny-any crap,
when everybody else in a business is concerned
about this crackdown by the FCC,
and worried about covering their ass on their license,
and making sure that we watch our peas and queues
and the Fs and whatever.
And they said, oh, do I guess what?
They just throw up.
You know, we just got it.
Of course, I didn't have it yet.
And if I wouldn't have brought it up,
I probably still wouldn't have it.
You think that Mo and Gelly had it this morning?
No.
You think that Joe Rose had it?
No.
See, to allow people to go on the air
and when you don't know what the rules are,
that's unacceptable.
And I've been trying to tell them that
the longest damn time, they don't get it.
Because these people aren't broadcasters.
They're not even close to being broadcasters.
You've got a guy walking around in a very expensive suit,
you know, going, boom, boom, boom, boom, like that.
And he's a broadcaster.
I mean, you know, the fact that a lot of other people
have made him look for a good and very respectable,
so we can have his sports bar with a microphone.
More power to him, I'm happy for him, you know?
And all those millions.
Because when you take away all those millions
where you got left, they say,
with him or without him, it's still the same thing.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
Anyway, you can say,
Mark Morpher, the San Francisco gig commas
has got a great column here.
And thanks whoever fasts this,
because otherwise I never would have seen it.
You can't see it all, right?
Right.
Is your religion unsanitary?
Is God telling you to love war,
loath gays, restrict women?
Join the godless throngs now.
This is great.
Is your God really, really angry right now?
Is your God telling you like it tells GW Bush every night
that you're unwanted, unprovoked,
an ultraviolet war against a nearly defenseless nation
is not only justified and righteous,
but is his deepest wish with the capital H?
And is your religion telling you like it tells so many
of the Christian right,
that homosexuals are a dire threat to humankind
and should be stopped at all caused before the so-called
gay agenda sneaks into the playground,
and the drinking water,
and the sponge bob scripts,
and starts covertly converting our blessed innocent head-of-road children
to a life of sin.
Or maybe it instructs that gay people are simply misled,
morally derailed by a hunky leather-clad Satan
with great hair and prada sandals,
and despite that said,
that fact there's still all God's children,
and therefore should be pitted and patronized
and helped over their sickness.
Is your religion telling you that women
who did it control their own bodies
and sexual reproductive powers should be shut down,
and re-stricted by legislation and deep guilt,
and electro-shock therapy like Sheridan,
and the doctors who treat them in prison
if not beaten with sticks and said on fire?
Or maybe you say no, it's not like that at all.
It's much milder and nicer than that.
Maybe your religion, like the Carefully Spoon-Fed Religion
of millions of Americans, is quieter,
calmer, a little more numbly sinister.
Maybe your religion, like so many modern incarnations of dogma,
is telling you simply to have faith.
Does this sound familiar?
Maybe it's telling you not to think too much
about the horrors and complexities
and odd sexual orientations of the world,
that they're simply too ugly and debauched
and convoluted to really understand from your mortals,
and if you just leave it up to God
and let him sort it all out,
everything will be fine.
This is the church line.
It's work for centuries. It's still working today.
God has a plan after all.
This is what they say.
He has an incredibly obtuse and impossibly dense master blueprint
that explains all the war and death and burden babies in Iraq,
all the cancer and animal cruelty, and Lynn Cheney.
And you are just too small on evolve to possibly understand
or do anything about it, right?
Well, no.
Because if it is, if your religion is telling you any of these things,
you might want to reconsider your options.
You might want to consider dumping the whole thing
and becoming one of the outcasts,
one among the godless throngs, one of the spiritually inquisitive,
one of the sacredly self-defined.
You might wish to radically change your perspective
and your worldview to forego the doctrines
and the pious gui safety that ev'ry sanctimonious religion
that pretends to know all the answers,
but go at a loan figured out for yourself
before it's too late, end up shriveled and miserable and dead.
As the saying goes, it's never too late to have a happy karma.
That great genius heretic Joseph Campbell summed it up best when he said,
the wicked thing about both the little and the great collective faiths,
prehistoric and historic, is that they all without exception
pretend to hold encompassed in their ritualized mythologies
all of the truth ever to be known.
They are therefore cursed and they curse all who accept them
with what I should call the error of the found truth
or in mythological language, the sin against the Holy Ghost.
They set up against the revelation of the Spirit
the barriers of their own petrified belief
and therefore within the vand of their control, mythology as they shape it,
serve the in only abiding potential individuals
to whatever systems of sentiments they have seemed to be the shapers of the past,
now sanctified as saints, sages, ancestors, even gods
to be appropriate to their concept of great society.
See, even according to our finest minds,
major religion is just terribly unhealthy, excruciatingly limiting,
causes brain polyps, perspective warts, fear blisters, hate rashes,
sanctimony dripped, chronic nose picking.
Of course, it must be noted that there are millions who believe
in a gentle form of organized religion, a tolerant forgiving Christian God,
persons who are warm and open-minded and who don't ever attempt to shove their beliefs
down anyone's throat, their kind and selfless and practice their beliefs quietly,
tenderly in their own non-toxic way.
This is glorious and good, this is not the slightest problem,
this is in fact to be encouraged.
But sadly, these people are strongly overshadowed,
publicly overpowered by the far more outspoken and well organized religious
fire breeders, who attempt to set these spiritual agenda for America
and delineate what actions we can take and what kind of sex we can have
and whom we can and cannot love.
It is these comically scrunched people whom we are now working to save,
and it is the call of any true patriotic open-minded American
to come to the aid of the misinformed and the lost, you know who you are.
It is not a pill, this radical change you might now wish to undertake,
it is not a program, it's not a series of eight-minute power workouts on VHS
or a stack of subliminal mediation CD's you play while napping and dreaming of
Donald Rumsfeld baking blueberry pies and a rubber chicken suit.
It is not a class or a book or a series of daily affirmations you stick on the fridge
and check off every time you suck down a yogurt drink or sneak a cookie.
It is merely a choice, a decision to drop the dead weight of a dead book
from the spinning modern kaleidoscope of your ever-evolving id
and see what happens, letting go, declenching, letting the spiritual blood flow
is half the battle, dumping stagnant doctrine and tired and the tired
patriarchal notions does not mean you must immediately pick up another system
to replace it. You want a new worldview, you want a fresh unbounded ideology,
as flexible and porous as you are, simply start looking inward at the one true God of the Self
and what a gift it is. It is a perspective slap, it's a chokehold on
spiritual timidity, it's a radical peeling back of falling away
an explosion, karmic whiplash, a massive transformational delch,
and it is desperately needed right now. Ask yourself this, what would happen
if you suddenly turned around and said you don't believe in that sneering angry
God anymore or in that specific nasty interpretation of Bible verse?
What would happen if you said, hey you know what, life is simply way too short
to think that this is all a raison that the church has all the answers
or that I just can't read the Bible as this profound curious, literary,
mythological funkorama full of sex and blood and death and random acts of kindness
and not take it also damn seriously or literally because that's when the trouble starts.
Why furthermore must I think that if there is a God, he must be well a male
and an angry misogynistic homophobic Republican male at that,
one with a thing for guns and trucks and repressed Catholic priests.
Why can't I not say we ignite the feminine divine in this exhausted macho world?
Would that really be so horrible, so confusing, could it possibly be worse than now
with all the hate and fear and pious finger pointing? The answer is shockingly clear, you can.
It's not too late, you can heed the call, make the change, intervene today
in a hardcore religious person's desperate life, present them with a new way,
a fresh path, introduce them to their own personal Jesus themselves.
You can teach them to be one of the heathen godless throngs of America
to happily self-define these spiritually adventurous, unafraid to take on a deeply felt,
difficult, messy, gorgeous type of individual spirituality, independent of dogmen's greed
and a scouting bearded father figure who pulls strings and random and builds monster warehouses
of guilt and dread in your heart like some sort of dour wallmart.
It's never too late, is it is your choice, won't you join us?
What a good article by Mark Morford and the San Francisco Gate today.
That's a great, secular humanist clap trap.
Exactly, that's why I like it, it was great.
How's that pull coming?
Well, let's take a look and don't forget $155, let me forget.
That'll really, that'll put us in a real pickle drum roll occasion.
Who do you think is the biggest sports scumbag of all time?
We're talking about players, owners, jock.
OJ Simpson 195, Mike Tyson 62, H. Wayne Highfinger 32, Pete Rose 24,
George Stambert, 16, Cal Marrider coach, soon to be former coach Gary Barnett.
He's got 14, Jason Williams 13, Bobby Knight 13, Ray Caruth has got, doesn't.
George W. Bush just went on, he's got 10 already, he's going to go zooming up there.
Ray Lewis 9, Darrell Strawberry 8, Kobe Bryant 8, Cecil Collins 5, Lawrence Taylor 4,
Michael Irvin 2, Bobby Knight's got a peer, a big peer, shut up Bobby.
Dave Bliss 2, Woody Hays has got the 2, Steve Howe 1, non-yet for Lawrence Phillips
or Roberto Alamar or Bobby Cox at a 454 votes.
Man, a lot of pressure, the pressure is building.
Can you feel it?
Let's send a few of those to Michael Powell while we're at it.
You're my name, you're all.
This is sports, we need a taxi.
You way, yeah.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Get a tower for Michael Powell.
The site of Janet's teach makes him howard.
So I'm thinking to see that now the FCC will save his all-from-nootity on the TV.
If it was love for his daddy, he would not be there.
So now he has to care about what's on the air.
Keep it in the stone age, put your burger on today.
And watch TV to study facts of American way.
Get a tower for Michael Powell.
The blue site of Janet's teach makes him howard.
So it's the buying his position that he got through nephatism.
What a spoiled and complicated square.
I want a full investigation.
The children, the children, the children, the children, the children.
I want a full investigation.
The children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children.
Michael Powell wanted nowhere to prove that.
Drunk a pound by a gallop, a little teeth pack.
He don't want you to air with a sheet of that.
Or they do want to think, go to St. Crap.
And I'm qualified as foil to fit the rat.
I can dig as I get from his old man.
That's to tell you where the hell is his hand-tapped goose.
Got a collar, got the clutch in, and those arise and play the rusty.
Same as a sword, going through the new to see that's gay.
Don't care who you think wee.
Michael Powell wanted nowhere to prove that.
And let me find it, let me find it, that he showed that.
He has a mind that will find him for that.
Violet is dirt, but he shapes it so bad.
He's a brand-of-cracker milk, and a long nap.
Thanks you the job that he got from his dad.
We got him all in his dead CC.
And he don't want the children to see a new to see.
That's your own responsibility.
He didn't hold mess up, a father knew it was death.
I don't want the baby shit, you're okay.
Michael Powell wanted nowhere to prove that.
He didn't like what he thought when he's that.
I don't want him with a feminine fat fat.
He was related to his from a boob, and he was that fat.
I'm just gonna see that likes to grab his dad.
Michael Powell wanted nowhere to prove that.
Michael Powell wanted nowhere to prove that.
What word did you say?
1144, 16 before noon at 560 W.D. Creme.
John says what you know about basketball.
You're right, John.
I don't know.
Maybe that's why I couldn't do that play by playing a basketball game.
Or it was a high school game.
I didn't know the names of no players.
Very strange dream.
But then again, it's a very strange radio station.
Alan Iverson is an excellent choice.
Thanks, John.
Also, while somebody on the side says Bill Romanowski ranks among the worst violent offender,
a fraud, a racist steroid using scum and an athlete.
Bill Romanowski got it.
Got it.
And here's the fact that it says,
Hi, Appali.
I have two things and gripping it tight.
Can I write that?
No, I can't write that normal.
It says what's going on at the University of Colorado?
Is all that's wrong with semi-pro?
I mean college football.
The coach condones the behavior.
And the jocks stand by side by side by side.
Oh, yeah, that was really something.
The 16 jocks that came and had their own press conference yesterday.
Oh, he's a wonderful guy.
I'm never still afraid of trained.
He's my leader.
Yeah, right.
It says pathetic.
I hope he's fired.
Oh, he will be.
I'm curious when it's summer when Fash is centered
or a congressman going to float the prohibition balloon.
It's coming.
It says, can I say that?
No, you can't and see with the board.
You can't say coming either.
Even in movies, you can't say coming attractions.
That's a double on time.
You know, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Don't forget George tomorrow morning in 10 to noon
at the Bass Pro outlet located off on 95 and Griffin Road.
Stopped by to win Bass Pro gift cards and other QM,
I'm a Chinsy prizes.
I'll be back.
I really have to cut back on those Chinsy prizes, right?
Because let's face it, our budget is shrinking faster than Greg's finger.
Something more valuable to offer than Chinsy prizes.
What's that?
The wisdom of the Bible for free.
At Bass Pro outlet.
Yeah, indeed, sure.
Okay, George is going to be preaching to the choir.
He's going to be ministering for you.
No extra charge.
Ministering and administering.
Arrive.
He will accept all donations by the way he'll have a small plate.
Praise the Lord in his head.
WDQA and hello.
A. N.O.
How are you?
I'm Don Zimmer.
He'll have a steel plate and say, good, how are you doing?
Good, good.
Did you check out the Sunsendale yesterday in the lifestyle section?
It was a page 3E.
The Sunsendale is talking about censorship this afternoon.
There's a girl there showing her her breast basically.
Oh, yeah, somebody mentioned that.
Yeah, somebody called in yesterday about that.
Oh, really?
Oh, okay.
Well, you better burn all the copies, man.
Whatever you do.
I know.
And don't want to fight them in your house.
They're all kept out.
He's seeing.
Yeah, somebody called in yesterday about that.
A booby in the Sunsendale.
Don't tell Michael Powell about that.
Even though the FCC has no jurisdiction over newsprint yet.
Yeah, over the books you read yet.
He can't deal with it, but we can get John Asgroff to come into like,
subpoena of the records from your library and your newspaper people.
Let's see.
Brown Brian Blades.
What an excellent choice.
How could we forget?
Also, the dog killer in the bedroom sneak.
Well, we got Cecil Collins on there and also Jason Williams.
We got those two.
But we did forget Brian Blades.
Thanks, Gene.
Good old Gene, one of our regular faxes.
Very creative.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, the, uh, the gawishing up of America.
It's just really scary what's going on right now.
Whether you want to believe this stuff or not.
I mean, whatever you want to believe, that's what I've always said.
You're fine.
Have a good time.
But don't start pushing on everybody else and don't use this excuse to, uh, spew hate.
But boy, this crowd we got now and this whole Mel Gibson thing.
What a, oh, you should have seen speaking of Debra Norville.
I saw a little bit of that last night.
I mean, somebody's got to watch that.
I guess she had, she had on the usual, you know, the believe that she had some rabbi
who was sucking up the Mel Gibson, probably got the hot form.
And then she had this other guy who was like, you know, another with a schmatton.
I said, orthodox Jew.
Who was just decrying the whole thing in Mel Gibson's father in a comments.
And Debra Norville was having a nervous brain.
I guess the rabbi, the other guy was just, there was a prop.
Because she didn't let him say 10 words when I was watching.
The guy that she disagreed with, she was just foaming.
Well, Mel said this and Mel, I think she's the one got the hot form.
Mel Gibson.
Because she was just a psychotic screaming and carrying on like a lunatic.
Well, he didn't say that.
He didn't do that.
Yeah.
Well, you know, some of this bears talking about again.
I read the article yesterday about his daddy and that thing that's going to be on Monday night on.
Oh, in fact, the guy, you know, who the guy was, Steve Fhrstein.
Fhrer.
That's the, and even the guy who did the interview on WSNR in New York.
It's going to be on Monday and Wednesday at 10 p.m. in New York.
Luliba.
That was the guy.
Anyway, Mel Gibson, even as he has sought to quote charges that his movie, The Passion of Christ is anti-Semitic.
Is 85 year old father discounted the idea that millions of Jews died in the Holocaust and said Jews were trying to take over the world.
It all may not be all fiction, but most of it is Hutton Gibson said of the Holocaust and a radio interview that'll air Monday night.
Now, we had the story yesterday, but there's some more crap in here.
It's worth mentioning again.
In case anybody missed it.
It's part of the big hype.
The 25 million this guy's going to make up.
Well, he put up 25 million of his own money.
Yeah, great.
And he's going to double it.
Coming only days before the opening of his son's film, February 25th, As Wednesday.
Hutton Gibson's comments inflamed the debate of whether the film will format anti-Semitic hatred.
Critics of the passion, including some Catholic scholars, have said it blames Jews for killing Jesus and caricatures them as bloodthirsty.
You know, those bloodthirsty Jews don't you?
All of them.
Mel Gibson denies that and recently agreed to remove the blood curse lines from the Gospel of Matthew, often interpreted to blame all Jews for all time for Jesus' killing.
See, it just...
I don't know what to be more upset about the Janet Booby or this stuff, you know?
Right.
I mean, even even the foaming at the mouth William Donahue from the Catholic League, who was on with Imas this morning, even he.
And he was just rabid as he usually is.
But even he said that anybody would go this business about blaming people for their predecessors, sins, or whatever, is insanity.
Sure.
Even he said that as he was foaming as he was wiping the spittle off of his chin.
A spokesman for icon, the filmmaker's production company, Aillary Ross said that Hutton Gibson had no influence on the making of the passion of the Christ or in the thinking of his son, who doesn't share those particular views.
Ross said Mel Gibson stuck by what he told ABC's Dianne Sur in the interview where at Monday,
that's my father O'Kare, I love him, he said, if they're going to try and drive away in here, it ain't going to happen.
Of course he didn't.
So he did, to the best of my knowledge, he didn't disavow any of those comments from us.
No, he just said, don't go there, girlfriend.
Yeah, right.
Steve Fuerstein, host of the syndicated radio talk show, Speak Your Peace.
Or Wear Your Peace, that's one of my likes.
Said he interviewed Hutton Gibson three times since Monday, personally, the interview's going to be broadcast locally on WSNR in New York, 620 Monday and Wednesday at 10pm.
He was totally cognizant of everything he was saying, Fuerstein said, this man has an agenda, that's the bottom line.
Hutton Gibson, a summer of home wife for June, is a self-described leader in the ultra-traditionalist Catholic sect.
Now that's the one that Mel just joined, I think we ought to mention.
Yes.
He's a traditionalist, a sect, a cult, and his daddy is a leader in the ultra-traditionalist Catholic sect that rejects reforms of the second Vatican Council,
including the Church's renunciation of the notion of Jews as culpable for the death of Jesus.
According to the transcript of the interview, we also blame Jews for everything from the Roman persecution of early Christians,
so fomiting the Russian Revolution to orchestrating an international banking conspiracy.
He or just someone to go out and hang, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, who just happens to be Jewish.
Mel Gibson's defenders, the announcing of the yesterday, is part of the whole Hitton Rod and Search Industry,
I'm issued by Gibson's enemies, in the words of William Donahue, president of the Catholic League for religious and civil rights,
who is as rabid as a raccoon in the woods.
The president of the company that speaks, that distributes speaker peace call yesterday for a boycott of all Gibson's films.
His actions speak louder than his words, said Zeff Brenner, a rabbi whose president executive producer of the Manhattan-based talk-line communications network,
a merc as largest indicator of Jewish programming.
Boy! He could come on sale of my father by disagree with his views, he didn't do that.
Most Jewish leaders have her relatively muted in their reaction because they know their place.
On the one hand, he's Sutton Gibson, a classical anti-Semite whose full of conspiracy theories and hate and perversion said Abraham Foxman executive director of the ADL,
that Foxman said it would be unfair to us grab Hutton Gibson's views to his son.
There are examples of parents who are bigots and children who are not in vice versa, so who knows?
Is this place? Nobody said? That's what they say in China.
Oh.
Still, the father's remarks may help explain why Mel Gibson has not gotten Jewish concerns, Foxman said.
I've been saying all along, I don't believe his anti-Semite Foxman said of Mel, I think he just doesn't get it.
Just like Greg Reed, he just doesn't get it.
All this gives a parsed explanation of why if he was raised hearing all these things about Jews,
it would be difficult for him to comprehend that which hurts us and pains us, said, Rabbi, a mystery or whatever his name is, Foxman, as he was eating his halivah.
Hey, when hell is Phorim already? It's in March?
Right. March 7th. Is that correct? I believe so.
No. 4th, 7th.
It's not like that. Phorim has got to get the home in touch already, okay?
That's the wish of this dietary Jew.
A little bit more on this. I don't want to dwell on this more than two, three, four more hours.
Coming soon with synagogue near you, the passion, the counteroffensive. This is in the daily news today.
Jewish groups across New York City are gearing up for the premiere of Mel Gibson's movie with sermons, forums and press conferences on the death of Christ.
The ramies to fight any suggestion that Jews, two millennia ago and today are responsible for Jesus crucifixion as if what differences are make?
Because if that was part of the game plan, if it wasn't for somebody doing it, then there wouldn't be no Christianity anyway and nobody be going to heaven.
It was God's plan. Right. That was the plan.
So whoever helped along, they ought to be, oh, thank you. Somebody ought to say, thank you all you Jews, all you Yid's.
Thanks a lot. Right. I'm going to heaven. You're going to hell. But thanks because without you, I could never have gotten up there.
I could never go on a scene seen Peter. Jesus was Jewish.
We are not in the boycott, but it's important to sensitize people with the concerns we have said, Joe Levy, regional director of the ADL, the movies, a modern day passion play and passion plays historically of any occasion for lots of anti-Semitic activity.
He said a week before the passionate Christ hits theaters Jewish leaders have been denuded with calls from worried community organizations.
They want to know how to handle it. Said Mark Weisman director of the test force against hate at the Simon Viesenthal Center.
At the Lincoln Square synagogue on the west side, word that Rabbi Ed Amin's was going to speak about Gibson's movie Saturday through a standing room crowd.
And they were given out free Delhi, too, by the way. That's probably why they showed up. Jesus is not exactly a topic you talk about at North of the synagogue.
He laughed, but in my eight years of Lincoln Square, I've never had a response like this. See that Jesus man. He knows how to draw a crowd.
Free fish. Only a handful of Jewish activists have seen the movie.
It's chronicles the last 12 hours of Christ life, but they have raised alarm about its message.
They believe Gibson false the Jewish high priest. KFs.
Yes, yes, rather than the Roman tyrant punches pilot, presenting Jesus to his death, their upset Gibson did not cut a line in playing.
A Jews are cursed by God. It's what the Bible said. They're cursed by God. I thought they were the chosen people. That's a different.
I'll read this comments by Gibson's father about choosing to sons, figured the public he denounced those remarks, has found the controversy.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi. On a course forever. Like I said, Miguel will be one of those women. He'll go out and see it. And was I right? Yes. I was absolutely absolutely right.
I want to give you a kiss. Absolutely.
Why are you surprised about that? He's one of the most he's a good kid. He's a I like him a lot, but he's one of the most.
Pathetically brainwash people. He is the poster child for brainwashing the Cuban stuff, the religious stuff, the all of it. He is just it's incredible.
It's amazing. In fact, don't forget when I come back to town. I got to go into quarantine for a few days because some of this might rub off on.
I will. You're sports video 560, you a. M.
Call me Mr. Moose and I've been in it. It will order now.
Jesus Christ for extra strength, Dex Edren. When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is a headache.
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world sends way under shoulders and some bloody, you're sick of spearing your side.
Jesus Christ that hurts. So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head, that's when I reach for Dex Edren.
Well, I don't reach for it. Hey, anybody got any Dex Edren? Hey, Jonas, could you throw a couple in in my mouth? Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake.
Extra strength, Dex Edren. Because the headache is a heavy cross to bear.
It's your way to say happy Easter to you. Happy ass Wednesday. Now let's see.
S Wednesday is a fairly happy. Good Friday's unhappy and yada yada.
And don't forget to go see that movie with Miguel. 5 6 7 0 5 6. Let's get about 200 calls in between now and two.
Because I've been rambling and I feel like really guilty. Don't I? I feel great. I haven't been doing my duty.
Oh, don't say that.
Yeah.
Task WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
And I was talking to you. Well, either they gave up or they just panicked. One of the other because I'm sure they had something really important to say.
WQAM. Hello. Hey, who's this Neil speaking? Hey, Neil. One thing on your pole. You should put what's his name? Don King on there. He definitely belong.
Don King belongs on there. Nice do by the way. And the other thing is with the election. I know how bush is going to steal the election this time.
And how's that?
A Chinese going to call in sick and pal is going to be on the ticket.
OK, whatever you say, that's going to really do it in the corner. No, you mean that liar. Paul. Yeah, that's going to do it.
5 6 7 0 5 60. More cities supportive of game marriage. I wonder why these articles I couldn't find the ones that I were looking at.
That's OK, Eric. I know you're under a lot of stress. I heard about yesterday afternoon on the phone. Under a lot of pressure up there in Orlando.
So you just come down and relax. More city supportive of game marriage officials say they would grant licenses if they could. But others urge caution. For example, Chicago mayor Dick daily said he would have no problems of hope County allowed game marriages.
Many Apple's mayor RT Ryback issued a proclamation in favor of treating gay couples. The same as that of our sexuals.
The mayor's in Salt Lake City in Patsburg, New York have also expressed support for same sex marriage. Salt Lake City. Are you ready for that? Oh, no. Holy moly.
These voices from cities large and small are writing a new layer to the actual debate over game marriage. They raise the possibility of other municipalities could follow.
Than Francisco's lead and then what others go. I'm going to do then. Then they're going to be peeing in their pants. I said peeing, by the way.
WQM. Hello. Q. I am. Not there. WQM. Hello. Not there either. One more WQM. Neil. Yes, sir. Did you mention frontline yesterday or that was on yesterday? No. Tax me if you can. The fake tax shelters that we think banks here in the US for using. Yeah. You didn't catch that. Did you know I did not? OK. And I do like Celia Cruz popping out there on the website now. She's doing a beautiful thing. Don't let.
Michael Powell find out about that. That's great. No. Of course I'll tell you one thing. She ain't got nothing compared to his. And the one under that with Justin and. And Janet was great too. OK, pal. I have a great. See.
See people are getting some real. If you want real entertainment, go to the roger.com. You won't get any radio. I can't wait to these people. That's right. Because if they could just arbitrarily say, well, we're going to have Congress pass them. So we can regulate cable and satellite. Then the week after that will be. We'll have Congress pass them. So we can regulate the Internet and content on it.
We can see a constant. And they're going to regulate the a newspaper. So magazines and then pretty soon. All I be the national review and stuff like that. And the Wall Street Journal. I would say the Christian science monitor, but quite frankly, they're not too happy with this crowd either. Nope. WQ. I am. Hello.
Senior. When is this? Two things. First, I'm sitting here rereading. I read it last yesterday, but I'm sitting here actually rereading the article you posted on there with by Pat Buchanan.
What did you know? And you know that when when you started agreeing with about 90% of what Buchanan says, you know you got problems. That's right. We are indeed. He has become a moderate. In fact, I would say that at this point, he's almost a little bit to the left of center based on what's going on.
And this country now unbelievable. I mean, this guy used to be the nut case. This guy used to be the creative. Keep in mind, whatever you would say, at least in many instances, at least he was the real conservative. He stuck with the old time conservative values and policy as opposed to this government. I want to stick their nose in everywhere and restrict everything that people do.
Absolutely. Well, in part of it was my other thing that I was going to touch on was the fact that my my belief is that what they want is one company will will decide what you see what you listen to and what you can read. That's right.
Another company will sell you the fuel and then they'll be Walmart. We'll sell you the rest of the room. We can have Chevron. We can have Walmart. We can have a clear channel and via common. That's right. And Haliburton and Vectel, that's all we need.
That will all that that's all that will run the world. Right. And these bastards will continue. Oh, can I say that? No, you just did. Don't go to get you to profit at our expense. So I hope you get out there in November, man. Okay, I'll see I'll see in Vancouver. You got a new have a great day, public.
Nice trees and scenery and beautiful not too bad of a climate out there in Vancouver and nice fresh air. Although the only thing in the area might notice a little weed here in there. The walking.
The cars were on the tool. Huh? That's people burning their lawn rakeings. Right. I thought they were like burning something else burning a big fat one. Well, they are nobody's paying any attention to it. Every now and then you'll sniff that here in Toronto to be walking down the street. Oh, somebody's a smoking a big fat one somewhere.
And nobody cares. Nobody pays any of them. I mean, I'm not saying that they really they're at least still planning the scenes for that. Paul Martin's got to get over 165 million dollars that disappeared over that scam.
But nevertheless, they planted the scenes for it. The decolonization of pot. We already got the game. Urges going on. How is it that that border there just across the border? We got a country that I'm sitting in right now. Canada, which is generally considered a very silly place with, you know, hockey and trolling and stuff like that. But nevertheless,
it's light years ahead in their education and their health care and their social attitudes. All of these things as opposed to the so-called great USA. And by the way, did not participate in the illegal invasion of a wrecking killing all those people, but it's helping participate in guarding Afghanistan and trying to help put that country back together again.
I just mentioned those things in passing. Any American public sits back and don't use TV is an excuse because all the solid networks are here from Buffalo, all global and CTV.
They carry a lot of American network shows. Same shows, same garbage, same crap, same fast food joints, same gun. But just a whole different altitude about life.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. See when when religious nuts get a little bit too carried away, guess what they call them here? They call them bigots. They call them religious nuts.
And they say, we're not going to put up with your crap in the US of a course, they make him president or somebody did the Supreme Court. WQ and hello. Yeah, hello. Yeah, I talked to Neil, please speaking.
Neil, one question. How does one man generate so much interest for 2000 years? What does that mean? Well, Jesus Christ has generated interest for 2000 years. How does he do that?
Because they have good salespeople because they made people an offer they couldn't refuse. Well, the point is, you ever heard that Crusades in a Spanish Inquisition? Yeah, but who, who hears about him today?
You're hearing about it right now. I'm talking about one man. So what, so what's your point? You can keep repeating it over and over again. But you don't have an answer, Neil.
I just got through giving you the answer, sir, but your ears are so full of crap that you don't want to hear it. I just gave you the answer. They had good salespeople. How can you, how can you miss when you made people an offer they can't refuse? But I'm being anybody want to go along with this program and believe there for retails. Well, we just have to eliminate you. Okay.
We can hurt someone. You would die. One last chance. Do you believe it? No, wrong answer. Wrong answer.
They were going to bring you the stake unless you read this passage. Right. Let me think about that.
Sure is how I hope he's not one of those Jesus Christ Jews, you think? If you want to believe those fairytales in that whole six story, which is one of the, I mean, when you come to all religions, I mean, Judy is, you know, God told him to smite all of their enemies and don't miss any even get them all, you know, all the religions are full of hate and sickness and killing.
But this story, this whole crucifix which the Christians, by the way, didn't invent the virgin birth and the crucifixion. I mean, it's not like from 80 million other religions, but the whole concept of that is so disgusting, so sick.
And then Mel Gibson is going to make it so graphic for you. See, if you believe this that he died so that he'll be, but give your city believe this garbage and subsidize our big business, our tax free industry. Well, then you can go to heaven, but he didn't die.
Well, he, well, physically he died briefly very, very many came back, but he had come back and he was going to come back. He made kind of a combo.
Just like Mar of Albert, since somebody mentioned him before, he went away for a little while, they made a comeback. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless. Let's hear from some of those Jesus Christures out there today. What do you say?
That 5.9% of this audience, the religious rightsters, let's hear from them. I mean, I hope you make a little more sense in this last guy who was like a dog chasing it still. How come for two? How many times do you say that?
I'm going to go into person. I'm going to go into person. I couldn't hear the answer to the question because he never shut up. WQA, I'm hello. Nail. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Turn that radio off.
Turn that radio off. I did. I did. I tried to turn it off. Turn it off. The government might come and do it for you.
Yeah, really. I tried to get hold of you a couple of three days ago. You were talking about something you touched on a few minutes ago.
The original movie rollerball, have you seen it? Yeah, a long time ago. That is what's happening to us right now. Right.
And when John Howes and Telles James Conn, it was never meant to be a game. We're living it right now. Right.
I mean, it's sad. You're living it. Okay. I don't want to rub it in, but you're living it. You're out of it. You've been. Yeah. Thanks, man. You can miss him. I'm out of it as much as possible. You know, once in a while, I'll like tiptoed out of a hamburger New York to Buffalo Raceway.
When that be a good way to do it. Sure. I'll just drive across the border. Go over to a hamburger to Buffalo Raceway. I lose a few bucks. Drive over to Batavia to batavia down. So I'll go to Finger Lakes Race track. I can turn the tracks. Then I'll go see my meet my maker. I'll go to a mountain to see Mark and maker.
And the 85 Gilmores. Anyway, you don't think Doug Gilmores one of those do you? No wrong sport wrong trivia. WQA him. Hello.
That's that line one again. It's always on the. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm pretty good. Oh my god. I can't wait. I got through to you. I just want to touch on a Jesus thing all day.
I was talking about I listen every day, but. Jesus and how come you know, if those are Jesus, put it this way. Why do we got to work up? Why are some people rich? Why are some people poor? You know, how can we have war? Don't forget to the meek shell inherent in the earth. Right.
I go to your nearest preacher and hand him over on your money. You know, you know, you know, I had to hand that past the way here ago of cancer. And you know, I used to have my state all the time. And every single time I was in cancer, you know, I totally look at things in a different perspective. You know, I mean, you know, my mother, that sick as well. And you know, I thought I do is I work and I work every day. And I hear people calling in today about this religion thing. They really get a step back and take a look at it. If there really is a God out there.
Things to be a lot different than you are now. Yeah, but you're not you're not listening to all those cliches. He works in mysterious ways. Um, oh, they're just dozens of them. And I got to ask for a similar question. You know, yes, sir. Okay, you got to put the jack in the box. Okay. We still on the approved list. You got to play. I was okay. Good luck to finally hang in there. Okay, but I love you, man. Thanks. Thank you. I always cliches. Let's see. He works in mysterious ways. Um, what's the meat?
He's going to hurt the earth. Uh, must be a hundred of them or least right. You call.
Third man. See, it was right next door. You got to have faith. Got to have faith. Um, my faith. Are you saved? Right. All of these things. Well, they could grab my Bible and go crazy. But we'll save that for tomorrow. Give me. You're going to start.
And I practice for my vacation tomorrow when you're at the best. Proven. George is going to be preaching. There he's going to be wearing all his vestments. That's right. I have a lovely vest.
That's going to be a beautiful thing. Maybe convert the masses. Best taxes we ever had from Gary in the spring. Good point, Gary.
But don't get in talk about see get everybody whipped up. Right. He doesn't know. Mel Gibson flick is just a movie. He says, can you believe that?
Oh, my God. No, no. No one.
And he'll have no influence whatsoever on people's views. Vs. Have a Christian versus Protestant versus in Jew versus you forgot about the Muslims.
It's a movie. It's a Hollywood entertainment thing. If anyone is making a big think about the movie. It's the Jewish community.
If they were smart, they would just ignore it. And of course you're right. But no, they have to draw attention. It wouldn't start a big commotion.
Or as we say, a big simmous. There is nothing new in the mail gifts and movie that hasn't already been discussed and
rest and rehashed over and over and over again. His movie will offer nothing new about the life of Jesus.
There has been no new historical evidence discovered, which Mel might have used this interpretation of the.
And of course, the stuff he made up all this fuss over a movie is ridiculous because the movie itself is ridiculous.
Inspirational with life of Jesus isn't something you find in a Hollywood movie.
To all the self-hating Zionists to relax and in the words of Tony soprano forget about it.
Nice going Gary and his friends excellent facts. Got it.
Dave. Right. Got it. He's got a stomach right on it. But then if we forgot about it, we wouldn't be all screaming the
else. And then of course we also wouldn't know about Mel Gibson's father. Right. We got to do a radio show.
Oh, brother. Heinrich Himmler, Jr. Doc.
O.J. Simpson. I thought that W would like pass him like it was standing still, but W's only moved into a week third place.
They really do hate O.J. Who do you think is the biggest sports scumbag of all time? O.J. 235 might
Tyson 83 George W. Bush former owner of the Texas Rangers, the man who traded away Sammy Sosa for a hot dog.
40 votes H. Wayne hyping of 40. Pete rose 32. Ray Caruth from the book of Ruth.
For 25. Colorado coach Gary Bennett soon to be former coach 19.
Title of the Jose Cansoco 19. How to side out of mind. George Steinbrenner 17 Bobby night 16.
Jason Williams 14. How's your dog Jason? Just a rumor, huh?
Ray Lewis 12. Darryl Strawberry 10. Colby Bryant 6. Cecil Collins 5. Come on Cecil. Take a peek at this.
Lawrence Taylor Ford. Dave Bliss 4. Bobby night 4. Bobby nights only got four.
Did I just read him? Do we put him on there twice? No. Yeah. He's got 16 and he's got four more.
Somebody put him on there twice. We've got 20. I knew he'd do better than that.
Bill Romanowski's got four. Tom King 3. Woody Hayes 2. Michael Irvin 2. Bobby Cox 1. Steve
Howell 1. And 0. We got like 5.98 almost 600 votes, but 0 so far for Brian Blades.
Lawrence Phillips and Roberto Alamar. I'm not playing that spitting thing again because that,
of course, it would be ex-critoria. Is it? Isn't it?
I think it is.
Well, I'll tell you another bit that we're not going to be playing no more.
All right. Can we hint? Oh, yeah. Well, that's gone. Damn.
So if our regular listeners out there, if you listen over the weeks and months to come,
we sure pray that you will. And there's certain things that you don't hear again.
Don't blame us. Don't blame me. Don't blame George. Don't blame Josh even or anybody else.
Revened up for clearance. Blame Michael Powell on the FCC. Okay. Blame George W. Do
something about it in November. See, the Clinton people at least had more important things to
think about. Although, of course, they were the ones who were in a Nazi who wasn't 87,
would have been Bush, senior. Oh, that's right. 87 was Bush senior when it came down with
this stuff about ex-critoria activity and all of this other crap. I remember the day that I was
on the ear and I and Z when that stuff came down and people couldn't care less. You know,
you know, I took care of it. Yeah. See, when you don't have any choices left, we're not your favorite
radio shows and TV shows and cable shows and everything is gone. And then you'll say, holy crap,
what happened here? What was I when all this went on? Let's sleep. WQA, I'm hello.
I got a name for our deal. Yes, sir. Go ahead.
Dennis. Be quiet, man. Dennis, Rob and Huffley, forget.
A great inspiration. Thanks, Pally. And the reason another reason we hate Madonna were
revolted by that open mouth kiss with Brittany. Oh, man. Get the damn Lysol and the
Listerine and the the Clorox and the everything. Just do that, push out.
Oof. Careful. WQA, I'm hello. Hey, and Neil, I had a feature in my use to point it out that
the dark ages, it wasn't by chance that the dark ages coincided with the golden ages of the
Catholic Church, meaning that, you know, when the people were the scaradest, they were more attracted
to the church. Right. Anyway, that was all you had. And thank you so much when they were the
most superstitious and watch out to walk under that ladder. Also, anyway, some of those I was talking
of that one car. He's in a better place. You know, when somebody does, he's in a better place now.
Or it was his time. It was God's will or the Lord called him home.
I mean, this is, I hear these things and I just want to cry. He's not in a better place when
somebody dies. When one of those soldiers gets killed over there, he's like 25 years old.
He's not in a better place. He's in a box. His bones and he's rotting. Well, maybe the
time for his life has been stolen from him by their growth and fewer and this other fewer,
all these viewers. Maybe the coffin is like one of those silk ones. No, he's still rotting in
maybe it's fine to weigh in. Take a look at some of the people that got into QAM. The worms always
get in sooner or later. WQAM, hello. Just look at our sales department, for example. QAM.
Not there. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil speaking. I can't believe it. I got one
for a suggestion for the Pope. I've been keen. Oh, yeah, we said that and I think we haven't put
him on to it yet. He's coming. Oh, okay. And in just in case you already had that one down,
what about time, Brenner? He's a real moan. He's on air. In fact, he's doing very well. You'll
be pleased to know that the timebrunners got a bunch of votes. Oh, for Craig. Have a great day.
Call back later and give us some more that we got on the list. In fact, go online and read a
few of them and call them back later and give us some more. Don't forget 155. We'll give it
a run down in the contest. Hot couples contest. An unbelievable, literally an unbelievable number of
votes. I'll take it one thing. Those people must have a lot of friends, all of them, or some of them.
Some of them must not have any friends. Well, or not enough. 10,884, which means almost certainly
will have over 11,000 votes by 155, right? When we get to the end of this. Now, would this be like exit
polling, if I was given a result, well, they can look online. It's not a secret. It's entrance polling.
Yeah, it's not an exit poll. It's an entrance poll. Oh, I don't say that. I can make something
out of that. See that? 2681 votes for Jesse and Jeffrey. They be leading right now. Second place.
Carmen and Carlos. 2365. You think they're going to catch him unlikely, but in any way, those are one
and two right now. And third, Monica and Ryan. Brian, excuse me, Brian. 2183. So it looks
fairly firm, although the second and third could be something that happened the next hour and a
half. Like they could find a whole bunch of friends. Fourth place right now. Sarah and Sean.
1055. I think they're, uh, so well, but they did a good job. They all did a good job. Thanks to
everybody who sent in their pictures. And if you didn't win anything this time, you can still
send them back in and try next time, which will be some kind soon, right? You can even send the same
picture or probably, you know, naked or I mean a little more provocative because of course,
that's on our website, which Michael Powell doesn't regulate yet for the time being. Table next week,
satellite the week after four weeks from circus. It's going to be your newspapers. And then we'll
roll up our sleeves like Ross Piro would say and do do do all over your internet. We'll take off all
them. Porno sites will take off all certainly near rogers.com. You want to the first to go, right?
Just wait till they get that great. Great. More pornographic than the Fudge report. Oh, I got a great
story about him. Oh, it's great from the D'Rudgery Tour, which is now one of my very favorites.
We have a link to it on our website by the way, the D'Rudgery Tour, with its very appropriate yellow
background as in yellow journalism. It's a beautiful thing. WQA, I'm hello.
How you doing? Pretty good. Okay, I just wanted to talk a little bit about the Jesus name.
Yes, sir. My name is Dwayne. Yes, Dwayne. Go right ahead.
You're on my now Dwayne. Yep. Okay, hold on. Yeah, I really wanted to know the guys.
You know, you, I mean, so what do you think about me? What is what is life start? I mean, you know,
evolution or the world of life start? I didn't really get it. I mean, what should you want
I ain't got no idea, man. How's that for an honest answer?
Keep hearing radio up a little louder. I've got no idea. The list of the sound of your own voice
something might happen. That can start some life. Okay, depending on where you put it. Wow. Yeah,
that's my opinion. I haven't got any idea. I'm going to waste one more second of my time
worrying about stuff that I'm never going to be able to know. We have got nobody knows. Nobody
knows. Mark right now, as I speak, are at the Verizon wireless inside wireless for you at 136.73.
Or is that 13673 Southwest 266? Six feet in my mind. I have no idea where that would be. That'd be like,
um, that way. Kindle over there. Cutleridge. I don't know. Anyway, stop by when you find it. Stop
by when some T-shirts and heat tickets as well. Any interest knows he tickets? Huh? No.
27 past noon at 5.60 QAM.
My life and local. This is 420560.
QAM.
Keija.
Well, he once wasn't username generally.
Guess she was in charge it was business here.
What's up, Norman and Trinity and that's not sort well,
I'm a shit, well now all of the Democrats are loving her
Ever since she said she might run for governor
Well there's just one question I'd like to ask of her
Why do you shake, can't arena, why do you shake, can't arena
Why do you shake, can't arena, why do you shake, can't arena
We got a lick for a shift, we want to take control
Uh oh
Bufferity 1 at 560 W. Kim now that might also be construed as insensitive
Right, but that ain't double in tonn right though?
No, okay
30 priests in Springfield have been accused of abuse dice
He says this just from the Boston Globe online Boston.com for those of you
It's a good website
In the past half century, 30 priests have been accused of sexually abuse in 70 miners in the Springfield diocese
Already reeling from recent allegations that it's bishop molested two boys when he was a parish priest
According to figures released by the diocese today
Church officials say they determine that any of the allegations were incredible
And six of the accused priests were under the supervision of religious orders outside the diocese
So they don't count against their quota
The report was released a week after Bishop Thomas Dupri retired amid allegations that he molested two boys
While he was a parish priest in the 70s and 80s, church officials have said they were unaware of the claims against Dupri while the report was being compiled
Former priest Richard Levine who was recently defrauded by the Vatican
pleaded guilty in 92 to molesting two altar boys in parishes in Western Massachusetts
In the 1990s and I also got to be careful how I say that too
In the 1990s, the diocese settled lawsuits for 1.4 million with 17 men who accused Levine of abusing them as children
Within the past two years, at least 15 other people have filed lawsuits against Levine accusing him of abuse
So that's like 32
So we got certainly more than his quota that I see has been named in more than
About 30 men
Lawsuits by people who say the reviews back priest, I thought we were in said that
So there you go from the Boston Globe
It just never ends and again, I still think you're only seeing the little teeny tiny tip of the iceberg
Careful
teeny tiny tip
5670560, pound 560 on the AD 18 and whatever it is and Verizon line
WQAM, hello
Not there, like I said, there's a special place in hell
WQAM, hello
QAM
5670560
Turned up a little louder
Hello
Yes sir
You
WQAM, hello
Hey, how are you doing today?
Pretty good, how are you doing?
I'm doing alright, you know, I read something yesterday, I'm going to state it straight out front
I'm a prover, I don't have a problem saying that, I'm a harmless prover
I enjoy the pure nature of things
Right, me too
I'm a pro, I'm a peepy, proud prover
And proud prover, exactly
And the people that I know, you know, the groups, news groups, you block those stuff, they're a harmless people
They want to, you know, see a little skin every now and then, what's the harm, right?
Exactly
So I think yesterday that now they're going to target the quote, spy cam
And up skirt, boy, you're tight sights on the internet, a lot of people to sue them
But I don't have a tube, but 99% of those that I go to, they're all contrived models
You know, shelling for the camera, showing you exactly what you expect to see
Yeah, I've seen, I've seen maybe three or four of them and then after you see that, you don't waste your time with them
And you realize that it's a bunch of crap
It's just a bunch of crap, but it seems to me they're prepping us for the possibility of shutting all those down
And they'll just go from there to there to there
And it's crazy because I watch the halftime that show, and again, as a prover, I didn't even notice it when it happened
And even if I had, I would have backed up my T-Vo, I would have copied the image, I would have posted it quietly
But instead, all the right wing nut cases, put it out there so it's viewed a hundred thousand times over the next week and a half
I mean, you got this big rape scandal, which of course is just one that they actually have reported on a university of Colorado
And these jocks, these dumb jocks are raping and abusing these women all over the place, which is going on forever and ever
And there's only like one million to one percent attention
This is opposed to the Justin Janet thing, which we saw over and over
And over and over again
At the same time that they were condemning them and talking about who was responsible for it
CNN, MSNBC, Fox, they all were shown in the corner of the screen
There we saw it again, every five minutes we saw it
At least 30 times
And I can't imagine how quickly they could assemble a committee to go over, I mean the next day they had a great sitting
And the Russian, I mean, right now hearing over Janet Jackson's booby-man
That's an email to Mr. Powell saying, I'll be outraged if you see the taxpayer dollars
Do this quote investigation
What's the investigation? She obviously, she knew what was going to happen
Because why else would you go and wear a piece of ornament on your nephil if you're going to do that?
Come for it, and who cares?
And who cares?
I mean, this is just pathetic attempt at her trying to rebuild her a dead career anyway
Listen, listen to me, I want to tell you this, the reaction in America by the media, by the politicians to this
It's embarrassing
No, but listen, this tells you the state of where America is in 2004, it's not a pretty thing, it's tragic
Can you imagine how the Europeans are laughing at that?
They are, they're peeing in their pants over it
They're laughing like crazy, so as far as I'm concerned, you know, at some point I'm never going to be able to find out the hospital magazine
I'm never going to be able to go to another country website
So, I mean, at that point I'm just going to drown myself
Good luck to you, pal
Thanks, we'll come fish you out, okay
Yeah, I don't know why I didn't get more exercise, I don't know if I'm going to change anything or psychotic about it
But it just leaves you limp and weak, I mean, thinking about the fact that there was all this hysteria, psychosis
Oh my God, on a family of viewing on all these children were watching you, and I'll say it again
All the bloodshed and murder, just forget about the TV shows, just on the nightly news every night
Where, you know, like Channel 7, if it bleeds, it leads, if they've got the tape of it, we're going to see it over and over again
That's okay, no problem with that, nobody's decrying that
And I don't think any of 14-year-old kids are killing their classmates in school because they saw Janet Jackson's booby on the Super Bowl
I couldn't be wrong, but I don't think so
And like the guy says, every, the Canadians man laughing their ass off in America
The Europeans who see nudity all the time on TV don't even think about it, not a big deal
Just wondering what kind of alluded, and remember the story I talked about that CNN aired once on a Saturday when nobody's watching
Once about the European attitude toward religion in America
And how they're terrified of the religious hysteria that's going on in America right now
They ought to be
They can't understand it, they can't relate to it, they don't get it
Be afraid
Yeah, exactly, and they are
Because they see this lunatic president and his neo-cons bombing away in Iraq killing innocent people, justifying all this aggression around the world
Rattling our spears, talking about the space race, nuclear weapons in space
And by the way, yesterday in the parliament here, Canadian screaming and hollering, you can be damn sure
They're not going to give one dime to participate in that crap, the space race
Which race is that? The white race?
Puse
Just watch yourself now, don't be manging any insensitive, in fact let me look at that thing again here
Oh yeah, insensitive comments by Guava Love and Spix man, not allowed
One strike in your out
The deliberate repeated use of expletives including but not limited to the so-called seven dirty words and then of course it lists them
It lists them, I'd begin with an M, one begins with a T, one begins with an SH, one begins with a P, one begins with an F, one begins with a C, and another one begins one with a C and one with a CO
Is in decent per se and should never occur, well guess what, F you, how do you like that?
See, one of the problems is, the biggest problem is that no matter what the cause might be, whether it's game marriages or anything
Anything out of the sun, there are always going to be those people with courage in Congress and of course that's usually an oxymoron
There always going to be those courageous elunatics, we're going to say, okay we'll stand up for this, we believe in this and we're going to fight for it
Even though it's not politically popular, but there is nobody in Congress who is willing to stand up for the First Amendment
They don't give me the song of dance about, well you know all these things aren't protected by the First Amendment, sure they are
Absolutely, it doesn't say they're a speed you have free speech except what the group of the Andrithal right wingers are
Right
Or anybody else decides is unacceptable, they're though asterisk
No, there's only our asterisk and Bush is doing it right now, he's risking everybody's ass
But nobody, whether it's Dean or Carrie or, and either side, that's why you have two political parties that suck
Nobody on either one of those parties has got the guts to stand up, the co-horns and say, hey guess what, stop the dance censorship now
Because that's just not politically correct, you can't be for perversion, you can't be for freedom to say whatever you want
And I'm going to say to you again, I realize that it's just you just can't say these things, you're not even supposed to think them
Other than libeling somebody which we already have libel laws on the books, other than that, you should be, and of course other than the yelling, firing a crowd of teeter causing a panic
Aside from those two things which have been tested in the courts repeatedly, other than that you should be able to say whatever you want
Whatever the F you want, can't do it, can't do it, man
Because the America is going further and further and further to the right censorship, repression, your freedoms are vanishing
And sure, you know, fun and games and funny sounds and all that stuff, but in the meantime, today is going to come when you won't hear any of this stuff
All you're going to hear is 24 hours of rush and rush sound of likes
What only junkies on the radio?
Only right wing junkies on the radio, pop in zits and pop in pills
While I'm going to get my nuts, the uniform and a bottle of beer
You don't have to be like the guy said before, Walmart and Chevron and Bechtel and Halliburton
And the cheap channel and Viacom as long as they go step in line and are good boys
So get with it Mel, 19 to 1 at 560 QAN
5B at the local, this is 560, the radio's on your side
QAN
Time once again for Dan, Quail's family values theater illustrating how to be traditional even in the 90s
Why should that dinner great kids?
Yeah, Mom, those are the best hamburgers you ever bought
Better than the pizza you had delivered last night
Well, what are you kids up to tonight, drugs?
No, Dad, I've got my bulimic group and tomorrow nights lesbians scout
Uh-huh, son, you need help with that scale model, serial killer you're building
Some other time, Dad, Cindy and I are going shopping for condoms
Oh, sounds like you're getting serious about that girl
Oh, Dad?
Well, I think your mother and I will relax and watch some far know movies
Gee, you two are the best parents a kid could ever have
Thanks, Dad
Oh, that's quite all right here
Thanks, Mom
That's quite all right, dear
Join us again next time for Family Values Theater
Where life is a figment of the vice president's imagination
Supreme Court agrees to hear the case of Jose Padilla
And the side of the Bush government has the right to hold him indefinitely in the Audi Audi
And defend him
Remember Jose Padilla and his magic briefcase indeed
Okay
Oh, and there's that Armstrong, what do you mean?
Man, that guy, oh, I don't want to say it
Careful, I think there are legitimate concerns for the potential political abuse of that status
That's just a guy looks like another Schwarzer looks like Armstrong Williams, I guess
That's not right
Are you being assertive?
I said, no, that's not, that's fine, that's it is
So you don't know your linguistics man, you better get with it
I'm building Weenie, your kind of linguistics
Oh, I see, you can't say that in a word
I'm going to, like, one last time do a few things today and just get him out of the way
Shake him out of my system
I got to, I have to get him out of my system
For example, we'll have an exorcism
That, you know, yeah
1246, I got some good news finally
We don't want to be too depressing and modeling here
Good news, Florida's Bobby Graham says he's open to VP nod
That good?
Excellent, you go Bob
As the field of Democratic presidential hopefuls, Neuro Senator Bobby Graham, who dropped out of the race last year, said he would accept the number two spot on the ticket if it were offered to him
All right
Good, to a thinking
I like it
Following a speech yesterday at the economic club of Florida in Tallahassee, Graham 67 said he would do what it takes to get a Democrat in the White House
I want a Democrat to be elected president, he said
If I can be in whatever way I contributed to that, I'll do it
Said the former president will announce in November, he would not run for election to Congress
And that includes Vice President of one reporter asked and he said
Yes, see
The former chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee and a strong critic of President Bush is the Iraq policy Graham abandoned his presidential bid in October
Saying he didn't have the money or organization to win due to a late start
And of course we know the AFL-CIO yesterday endorsed Kerry
Bobby Graham, I do like that
I think that's a good idea, don't you?
The Graham
Guaranteed winning in Florida, man, make no mistake about it
Stop and think about it, Edwards, do you think if he runs the guarantee winning South Carolina?
No, I don't
No, I don't think so
I mean you talk about Democrat winning for President South Carolina, you're talking about a miracle
Unmuroclay
560, oh let me get to the Dredgey-Port story here from the Dredgey-Tort
This is beautiful
And by the way, how come it's not on your website yet about Jose Peddi-M-Miss Fudge?
I'm busy packing a little bit, huh? He's probably packing for a trip for just packing
Matt Rudge loses advertising wake of Kerry Blunder
OO! Sound the siren says the Dredgey-Tort with a T
Matt Rudge has lost a long time advertiser in the wake of last week's groundless report
alleging that Senator John Kerry had an extra marital affair with a 27-year-old woman
AT&T Wireless has told online advertising for the Dredgey-Port
and responds to a complaint about its sponsorship of the site
We care about the places on our online ads
Appearing that site doesn't reflect the values of AT&T Wireless
Email Jeremy Pemble, the company's VP of Pubic Relations
Matt Rudgey-Tort is 1.2 million dollars a year from advertising in his weekly radio show
selling a single banner ad for $4,400 a day according to the September 2000 story in the
Aungxious Miami Herald
The loss of an advertiser comes during a week in which Dredgey's taken numerous hits for spreading the Kerry rumors
while making no claims it was true, passing it along simply because news organizations supposedly were looking into it
And of course he and Rush are both ringing their hands that that liberal mainstream media just won't bite
As Dredgey-Tort in Treek Surround the Woman who recently fled the country
reportedly at the prodding of Kerry the Dredgey-Port has learned
In spite of the lack of a single on-the-record source willing to back up the claim
The story spread within hours from Drudge to conservative talk radio shows
and the British tabloid press
aka Rupert Murdoch
As it began appearing in the mainstream US media
Kerry and the Woman Former AP Reporter Alexander Portier, both denied the allegation
Kathleen Parker, Dan Ken and the other professional journalist blasted Drudgey for spreading the story
Drudge is even more unreliable and wrong than it used to be and he was pretty bad to begin with
Michael Angel, a senior really wrote in the New York press and assured that we read
AT&T Wireless cancelled its Drudgey-Port ads after receiving a complaint Monday by Robert Caraway
who described himself as a Kerry supporter
I find your supporter Matt Dredge both distasteful and alienating email Caraway
by advertising on his site you are conditioning his condoning his current smear campaign against a very popular presidential hopeful
Though Miss Fudge is widely credited with being right on Newsweek's Monaco Winsky story
the self-styled Walter Winschle has made several infamous blunders over the years
For example reporting in January 1999 that a 13-year-old boy who looks exactly like a president
was a secret love child of Bill Clinton and a prostitute, the NATest proved it was a hoax
reported in August 97 that Sydney Blumothal had been in court on charges domestic violence
he retracted that story a day later
and making up a source in a May 2001 story claiming that Drudgey-Port Webmaster Andrew Breitbart
was a professor with a Kashmir Institute of Media Studies, a fictitious organization
and as an owner of the end it says this story has been edited to reflect a comment emailed of the Drudgey-Tort
by Jeremy Pemble after its original publication
we did pull out advertising from this site because it shouldn't have been placed on the site in the first place
independent of any recent articles that may have appeared on that site
so somebody obviously some right-winged asshole must have stuck some advertising on there
a bunch and when they discovered they said, uh-uh not for us, not you Miss Fudge
because you have a tendency to fudge the truth
just like Johnny Cochewin's going to represent Michael Jackson is a true
Michael is a true Michael is a true
no
Charles and Deerfield Beach has not to be left out of the religious fervor of the world
him to be swept up in these days
I'd like to quote you just one of the many great lines spoken by Arthur Goldman in the movie The Man in the Glass Booth
a Christian is just a nervous Jew who thinks he bought himself a number one insurance policy
that's cute
you don't like it?
that's fine
as I have in previous facts as I implore you to see this movie
you'll thank me in the end I'm sorry I mean after you see it
The Man in the Glass Booth, you ever hear that?
no
well I'm sticking that right over here I'm going to get it
I thought that was that stupid magician guy
I beg your pardon David Blaine
uh-uh
five, I think let me look let's see
oh yeah any mention of David Blaine is also an abeslie of programming content
Paulinho has been sensitive
any guava love and stick that says David Blaine is immediately
not sooner terminated
five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18 and T in Verizon Wireless
line just an hour from now
what is that John Edwards
between a man and a woman
so I think Carrie in particular is vulnerable on the issue
I will leave it right there Robert George Matt Miller thanks to both of them
I'll tell you one thing those white people all look the same to me
well I thought that was Armstrong Williams
so that guy gives me the creeps he give me the willy's
the willy willy is this WQA him hello
hey me how you doing sir pretty good good
um you put the car free well on the list
let's roll free well we forgot all about the trail
the choker
okay he's choking it
all right have a good you got a man thanks
we got let's roll free well
we didn't know I'm sure Josh knows how to spell all these junk names
because he's really he's onto that crap
he's got his head deep in there
five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18 and T
and that's probably why he got the job in the first place
because when he who hired you who hired you Josh
originally I interned on power and then Josh Darrow hired me
Josh Darrow
so he either he either hired you because you know a lot about it
or because he thought you looked pretty good
five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty
I'm thinking the latter is probably true
he's getting tired of the beast
WQA him hello
not there like I said
well there are going to be a lot of those people down there aren't there
down there
there
when it's your time over Yonder
WQA him hello
QAM
for these people slow today or what?
WQA him Ola
hahaha
it's the old monkey see monkey do again
you know but at least it not making guttable sounds yet
WQA him hello
hello Neil how are you?
pretty good
I'm just thinking about what you're talking about with the two
with the two Jesus issue
and coming from being once very involved in a Christianity
and then stepping back and seeing how many people including
creatures thought from both sides of them now
it's pretty scary
yeah I enjoy listening to you and George
and I agree with you Neil
there shouldn't be any religion it just creates hate
instead of love
if you could wave them if you could wave a magic one
and eliminate all religion in the world
and erase it from people's minds tomorrow we wake up
it'll be a beautiful place
thank you
thank you you too
until we came up with some other reason to hate each other
I mean you know man's just man's nature it seems to find some reason
oh you don't look the same
the color of your skin
you walk a little bit funny
you don't speak it in English
you don't speak it in funny
whatever it is
just in another way
and I mean anybody who reads a little bit of history
I mean just a little bit
this is what it's all about
killing each other forever
I mean that whole thing about the Middle East peace road map
and it's so ashenine
it's like the Janet Jackson booby thing again
you don't know whether they're laugh or cry
because these people come on there like they're talking
a bunch of three year old children
they don't talk to anybody in America
like we're adults
they talk down to us like we're little children
like Billy J. Cramer would say little children
just a cute
so tragic
yeah
oh well the road map this is a road map
and the meantime you know
Sherone is building the big wall over there
and there's more and more Jews say hey screw you
we're gonna put our we're gonna put our ass here
but they like it or not and the rest of us too
and the Palestinians are blowing themselves up
and they're killing little kids because they're throwing rocks
I mean what are we talking about?
it's never ever gonna stop
because they're religious fanatics
they're crazy people
and even the majority of people who live there
who are the religious fanatics
they don't want any part of it
but guess what they had no choice
they're surrounded by it
like all those get skis
they were the wailing wall throwing rocks at the women
who were trying to pray for you
wow the orthodox Jew is throwing rocks at the women
because women have no place there
that's what the Old Testament said
see when man writes
Bibles when man invents religions
he generally speaking throughout history
has left women out you know
way out there under fringes
well it's out of his object
well I don't know but that's okay
but in terms of having any power
oh in terms of equality
in terms of any
any recognition is like being on an even keel
no chance
now if women had written all the
bibles
god only knows what a boy would have happened
do you know what I mean
oh god
oh my god
pretty sad
but you believe whatever kind of crap you want man
and let me say it again
if you believe the garbage find
but you've been brainwashed
you just not doing any thinking
you're lazy
lazy people
take all this crap
oh yeah well the word says
yeah
take a look who wrote it
okay
in fact when you look at that
when you look at that movie
and I'm sure that a lot of you're going to go see it
I'm sure that Miguel will probably see it several times
I know Josh isn't going to go see it
oh you should have seen the face he made there
wow
he might go see Debbie this dear field
the hell of it several times before he goes and sees
that Jesus thing you know
yeah he'll see the passion of Debbie
that's the kind of passion that most people are looking for
okay I realize that's not in America today
that kind of passion
you know what I mean
Jesus Christ
in fact when I look at Mel Gibson
it makes me lose all of my passion
oh yeah
oh yeah
it makes me feel like she's
you am
Bonaspatino
since Felix neither has one Natasha
and I know you'll have to look for a motion squatter
instead we listen to the neo-rogest parent and balance
one to two hour
hehe
oh
who'll be coming down for seven o' pence and patise
a great day for the hey you shall accrust the USA
put your corner what is this right here
the scryandale who does a bunch of squares again this year
who say that Irish to oh god loves the aeush
and let's of course your gay
absolutely
you know you won't be marching upon Saint Patty's day
you can be a bum a bucket of stumps
sure and that's okay but you can't be aeushif your gay
no
Meliora high parryans
those emanants is great
have delivered the spread announcement upon the blessed day
sure a little bit of heaven fell and nestled in the sea
but you're gone straight to help a homosexuality
oh god loves the aeush
as long as men are men
except perhaps the love of cars we've never been sure of them
you can be seen in drunken herel and chunks will have it all away
but you can't be aeushif your gay
no you can't be aeushif your gay
don't even try aeushif your gay
why take the facts is just keep getting better all the time you know
those facts from Paul this may be the award winning facts of all time
and I apologize to anybody else who's this a great one
so saving this new guys and good ones
I'm gonna write this on this one
but before you frame a give a copy of it to like either Adam or Troy
because they're there are two of our salespeople actually might be
you know doing some business
oh it's real business not monkey business
right let me be before I do that though
this is just on the CBS website
carry grabs big lead in New York
senator john carries open up a big lead over john Edwards
among New York Democrats
with less than two weeks to go before super Tuesday
the pull from a Marist callus Institute for Public Opinion found
carry 66% to 14 over Edwards
among likely voters
ready for that?
okay
you got those numbers
66 to 14
for scary john care
done deal
in spite of misfudge
and him and no rush
he and rush and all the other way
oh gee nobody would buy that story
you're all a bunch of liberals yeah
all bunch of liberals like Russian Fox News
and misfudge all these people
George Will
Bob Novak
I will not
anyway wait till we get to this facts
oh it's Deer Uncle Neil from a guy named Paul
listen very carefully folks
then you'll understand what I've been screaming about
not that our not that our management people care about
that or at any level in that station
I scream about this to them all the time they just don't care
Deer Uncle Neil
I heard you make a casual derogatory mark about your
alleged sales force of QA and felt compelled to relay
a recent hideous experience I had
I'm a licensed insurance agent recently became associated
with an A plus rated company with billions and assets
and a major advertising budget
don't let me forget when I'm finished with this
to talk about the 50 bucks a week to book a brine
okay
or let me say it again I'm a licensed insurance agent
recently became associated with an A plus rated company
with billions and assets and a major advertising budget
radio advertising was recently suggested and being an
avid neely for the past 15 years
I immediately thought of my Uncle Neil advertising on your show
I spoke with the powers that be at the insurance company
who agreed and asked me to look into the terms regarding
advertising our products on your show
I went on the QM website and found the link to your sales
whole force and proceeded to contact the first name listed
your friend in quotes your friend Todd Dreck by phone
he returned my call proceeded to ask about the nature of my business
when I mentioned health insurance he proceeded to
require about coverage for himself and his family
explaining he was dissatisfied with the HMO he was with
through his wife's employer frankly he seemed more interested
in his selfish needs than my request for advertising information
I agreed to help him in contact and invite email last weekend
with a premium quote and links to additional information
I went on to request a meeting this past week
to further our discussion regarding advertising
I then followed up by phoning again on Monday morning
2.16 this last Monday once again requesting a meeting
to discuss advertising as a professional insurance insurance
sales agent for the past 23 years
I'm quite disappointed to inform you I have yet to hear back from the
aptly named Todd Dreck
I've never seen a more blatant example of incompetence, malphysian
and unprofessionalism which is the antithesis of what you bring to the table on a daily basis
for your lawyer listeners such as me
Mr. Dreck couldn't summon you a baloney sandwich
I'm so lonely correct sir
so I just wanted to bring this very unpleasant situation you were
attention and request your assistance in connecting me with
with a QM sales rep who might be interested in earning a living
assuming such a person a person exists
especially guards Paul thanks Paul
and we'll get either Adam or Todd right on it
Troy
okay what's wrong with Adam you said Adam or Todd
Todd well see I got a friend in the brain
get him off of it let me wipe the scum off
Adam or Troy on it
two guys who are here with a service the account
they'll do some real serious business
they'll they'll they'll do it
as opposed to Todd Dreck who just is stealing money from that radio station
every single payday he's stealing because see one word that's on his vocabulary
Paul and that's work it's alien to him he has got no idea what that means
that a fact and I can give an example and so let me
let me like I said I don't want to forget it because the thing that really
started getting me is I get a call yesterday afternoon from our operations manager
muff Lindsay
now poor duck was a good guy but always it's always fall into him he's just the
he's the pimp the the goal of between
when Greg has got something really unpleasant and it always is unpleasant when it
comes from Greg to pass along to one of us lackeys it's always duck that has to
inform us like back six and a half years ago when he had
tough call me oh Neil Greg wanted me to call you and tell me that studio won't be
ready by you right that was the first of them and it's never stopped
anytime I get a call in its duck or duff and clearance together on the speaker phone I know it's
tale of woe coming in from beastly broadcasting and from the
slimy s-grig weed who got no balls so the call is about well because of these
budgetary cuts because things are really tight they want to cut Bokka
Brian they're not going to pay him for four comedy bits and we're going to cut
it down to three well how much do they pay Bokka Brian for
for comedy bit every week stop and think about this folks just stop and think
about this I'm going to give them a clue if I can ever find the damn thing
here to hold it 50 bucks 50 bucks
now here's the guy that wants to advertise on this show on this radio station
a company that's worth billions of dollars and the sales holds don't even return to call
we take a look at our program log today and it looks like a vacation log looks like
going out of business sale that's the kind of job and they have meetings and meetings
and there's a lot of people holding the screens meet back there but in terms of really
getting down to business I wouldn't give you a nickel for that sales department I said maybe
Troy and Adam maybe I said Troy what about high boy like I said
I wouldn't give you a dime I wouldn't give you a penny other than the Troy and Adam
because you got a oh yeah high boy who's had that one account on this show
since he's been at the station oh hi appali who comes in and waddles in every
morning with his tails of buffalo and the saber is not a bull crap but never
takes care of business remember that great restaurant he had to deliver food that one day remember
that that went out of business a few weeks later that diner in broward somewhere oh my god
but then of course in his case so you know where there's no taste where there's no
sense there's no feeling am I rambling good oh that's great but here are guys they want
they want to and I don't care I'll make up the a few bucks for bokeh Brian for crying out loud
who's a great guy and is a very important part of the show and of course they would know that
because terrorists hasn't got any idea what the show is all about and certainly Greg weed hasn't
got a clue and that's where we could put the period as far as what the show is all about he hasn't
got a clue in addition to which like I informed our and I don't want to pat myself on a backer
getting to too much internal stuff but this nice little studio that was built for me here in Toronto
filled by the people at one of the local radio stations by the way not by our engineers all
of Julio Julio did build it down there and they shipped it up here and they put it together
and he came up here and helped finish it up Julio who's the departed you know because he was too
competent too fat how much of a good guy who cared about getting the job done and this studio
we've got all kinds of stuff here that's got to be replaced the toner cartridge is the drum for
the fax machine the all the supplies have I ever built them a dime no these are expenses man we
have expense forms have I ever built beesleys are dying for no I'm making some pretty good money I
can afford it I'm not going to nitpick with them over a few bucks but here's a classic example
of people who are penny wise and pound foolish what a great expression that is to describe the
beesleys and Greg weed there are people who are dying how many of these lovers have we had over
the years over the six and a half long excruciating years many yes I've had people come to me at hockey
and say who now can I talk to in yourselves the problem I want to advertise with you but nobody
will return my call but for fifty bucks a week man we got to make a big stimulus about that and
we got a screw broke a brine over a little bit fifty dollars a week for a multi a million dollar
company that's on the stock exchange bbg i my s wow and I wasn't going to say anything but then
this this fax just put me over the edge probably right over the edge worrying about little tiny
baby crap while our sales department is back there like that it's unbelievable it's unacceptable
it's unconscionable but that's what happens when you deal with the kind of management they're
walking around with their finger up each other's back home but bottom ass and that's what we got so
don't ask me about it no more okay okay that's it I don't want to get all whipped up it's Friday it's
going to be a great weekend or they show the Haitians are be holding again now one thing about
Haitians are always be holding okay how many votes we got here on this pool seven thirty eight no
votes yet for let's rels free well Lauren's Phillips how could Lawrence Phillips have none Brian
Blazing's got none Roberto Alamar none Denise Rodman won I'm going to have to play some of those
songs I guess to get these people with it bring back the memories Bobby Cox won Steve Howe won
Woody Hayes three Michael Irvin three Lawrence Taylor for Hill Roman Aske five they bliss five
Cecil Collins five Bobby night Scott the seven and he'll be coming along in a minute come on let's
get him only on there once Eric jesus we got Bobby night on there twice it's probably Miguel's fault
I'm a girl to this in the beginning remember Kobe Bryant seven Ray Lewis 12 Don King 13
Darrell strawberry 14 Jason William 16 Colorado coach for the time being Gary Barnett who's in
suspended animation 19 George Steinbrenner and Bobby night each have 21 so Bobby night's got
28 all together Josec and Succo 29 great Karu 32 Pete Rose 42 Wayne High Zingah 43 nice
going Baldi George W 53 Mike Tyson 102 and O.J. Simpson 284 just kicking ass all right
all right why did I get all worked up about that because it was such a great thanks for Paul man
see I'll say it again people in the audience they got at Neil he's really a character you know
I don't know all that stick about this like they stick about me and Moe was any of that stick oh
no none of it not not one I owe it which I quite frankly got tired of that already and
evidently he seemed to try to like calm down a little bit and be part of the human race instead of
getting everybody fired every day so I don't I don't even pay attention to him no Moe you know what
I mean what do you mean absolutely no Moe he's just small potatoes now how to side out of mind
with the sales thing man there's no stick involved in that I have never I've worked with some I was
thinking about this before before we even got that facts I've worked with some I mean radio sales
people to begin with are not generally the way you consider a real off-scale group
you know what I mean that's yeah that's the understatement of the century so I've worked at
KAT and IOD and WS news and I and Z I've worked with some real shady slime balls in my time
we call them self radio sales hole okay but I'm gonna tell you we've got a special lock on and
here at QM the likes of which you have seldom seen in your life and of course that revolving
door down there is a spinning like a freaking cradle take a look at that picture over there against
the wall that big gigantic picture and all the people that are crossed out are in fact one good
guy and even though he's a little shady himself John penis he's gone long gone Brian he's over there
a kiss on you know Schmidt kicking the music what do we got oh boy you don't want to know what we
got Todd Dreck that's what we got we got fat boy fat boy if he'd spend as much time selling as
he does waddling around the building talking about the sabers and his old days in Buffalo and his
operations maybe he might actually go out and sell something beside one account on his show in
six and a half years who might leave it out when you got that new broad there which I have no
idea who she is and she obviously has no idea what it's all about either because she's got that
one account she inherited on here and man is she servicing that is she doing a job or what
oh and you know who he left out oh my god speaking of scraping the bottom of the barrel
skipping oh wow I never in my life been a big peanut butter eater peanut bitter eater right
but if I ever came one I sure as hell would not eat skipping you might pass that along
okay on the right circumstances I sure would not come on it's after one five sixty
you I am
you
I
that night when she turned off all the lights there's no place where she could hide
all oh
J
want house
back
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
It's true.
Oh, yeah, you're gonna come after you.
And then he'll get away with that one too.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
One night.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Duddle, dessus, uh-huh.
You killed the code!
You killed the code.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Oh, I killed the code.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
Oh, yeah, he's gonna get you.
music
18 at 560 W.D. Crem. By the way, speaking of the stuff we were just talking about, did
we ever get a facts from Duff passing along the information I requested earlier in the
day?
Is that a joke question?
It was a rhetorical question.
Anyway, here's a great letter to the editor of the New York Times from George Montgomery.
I love this.
Advice to carry on exiting Iraq.
I don't love the first ends, but then again, each one is entitled a mistake or two.
It says to the editor, I'm a long time admirer of Thomas L. Friedman.
I disagree, however, with his advice to Senator John Kerry, relative to our army in Iraq, which
has summarized in this final line, and we will not run, column 3, 15.
The determination to stand and fight is tempting to political leaders.
The trouble with this appeal is that brave young Americans do the bleeding and the dying,
not the political leaders who committed them to a mistake in war.
Terrorists are killing American soldiers in Iraq because our army is in Iraq.
I hope that President Bush with the help of the UN will find a way to return Iraq to the
Iraqis and bring our army home.
Paradoxically, on the same page as Mr. Friedman's column, is a column by Marine Dow detaining
our Ahmed Chalabi, the convicted criminal Iraqi exile, snowed the neo-cons in the Bush
administration in believing that the American army could walk into Iraq on a post and that he
would be an ideal replacement for Saddam Hussein.
Replacing Saddam Hussein with Ahmed Chalabi would be comparable to replacing Jack the
emperor without Capone, such a development is worth risking the death of one additional
American. Thousands of young Americans bled and died in Vietnam to keep a serious
political frauds in power in Saigon. Let's not go down that road again claiming all the
wild. We will not run. How about a compromise? Let's walk out of Iraq.
Acclerged, recovered, Marco Island, Florida. Nice going, George. You go, boy.
Oh, brother. I just mentioned that in passing, probably not that anybody cares.
We don't even know. They're not even getting the names of the dead soldiers anymore.
Right. What's it got to do with that movie? That's right with the Jesus movie.
Well, that probably would Jesus right now. It was their time, you know. It was their time.
It got to be a horse in mysterious ways. And they're in a better place now in a box.
Twenty after one, we get about 35 minutes until we give you the winners. Although I think we already
got a pretty good idea, right? On the hot couple of contests. Not even going to take a peak
until 155. Okay. Don't take a peak. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless
line. Eight million open lines here. All of a sudden even doing scrimless depressing.
We got the mad dog at two. The hopper at four Panther. Oh, I'm so glad I'm doing the schedule.
Want to know why? Pan can preview with seven Panthers at the penguins. They give me two points.
I hope seven third tonight. Any camp in the hockey game in sporting news radio over.
I was very Jackson. Don't like too bad. Very you idiot. Panthers. I find out that in our mail yesterday down there in
Florida comes a bill comes a bill from the Florida Panthers for next season. They were like 20% of the cash for next
season by March something or other. They still have 22 games left. It's the middle of February.
Okay. I mean, you talk about Hutz, but this Alan Cohen guy. I know you're like bleeding red like crazy.
Did he have a lot of clips? I know they're giving away two for one. In fact, on the Sun Sentinel website,
there's a in the month of January wasn't inversing enough. But now in February, they're doing again by one ticket for
least game and get another one for free. They're doing two for ones. But to ask for money. And then they're also asking for
money for playoff ticket. Oh, yeah, playoff. See, this is what happens to the handful of real sports fans in South Florida.
There aren't many with each and every one of the sportsmen. It just keeps screwing to people over and screwing
them over. And Alan Cohen man is dug a hole for himself so deep that he may be in China pretty soon.
It's just really pathetic, but to be asking people for money for next season, which by the way, Alan,
we all are well aware that they probably ain't going to be any next season anyway. So he just like to hold on to
her money for a while. I got a better idea. Send us the money for your tickets. We'll hold on to it for a couple of years. Sure.
Yeah, we'll just put it in the bank. We promise we won't take it to the track, although I got a hot tip in the
third race. But in fact, rich said the five warmed up real big. We'll give them 2% interest. Yeah, that's right. We'll give it
2% interest and we'll like put it in a good about eight or nine in some bonds. We'll hand it over to very
bonds. Let's see. This one says I'm mortified. You won't even be able to utter my name after today or that my
well and I'll probably add that's cute. Well, too bad. Yeah. That's where it goes. Mike. But you're up. Clean up your rack.
56670560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. The Panthers would hoots for like I've never seen before. And you wonder why
there are almost no more season ticket holders and way of drift most of the people away. Too many youngsters in the organization. Too many
years with no playoffs. Too many rip offs like this. Too many freebies and too many empty seats because nobody cares. No,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no enough, no, no, no Thanks.
Great, and good App.
Great.
Great.
Good.
Great.
Yes sir.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Great, really, you were actually dying a awful little rumble that word to my
organization that speaks Spanish and they don't have any time to check on what goes
on in this community which is more than 50% of the people out of Spanish. Spanish means
in this community Cuba and that less and less and not confuse the issue. So it is incredible
that they will go after for instance you or any people that use that kind of material
even though it's used purely for entertainment and people have the opportunity.
Almost they have no sense of humor. Don't you understand? Nothing is funny. Everything is filthy,
enduring and sick and disgusting and must be stopped immediately if not sooner.
Yeah, but why in this community people that don't do it in English can get away with what you
do not what you cannot? I think you ought to start monitoring and you ought to start writing down
some of the stuff that they're saying and then you and I can file on their license.
No, no, no, no, no, no, we get our own reading. I did that two years in a row at the answer
that was given to me, it's the same answer that it was given to the Harold. But I was not concerned
with the dirty words. I don't get about dirty words of crude jokes. That's how does it do?
The worst thing that they do is to threaten people, to accuse people of being communist, to
keep no balance whatsoever in the proclamation. Right. And to get away with that, that is even worse
because many people in this community I lost their jobs. Yeah, but you're forgetting one thing
and that is that the FCC regulates America and you're talking about Miami. Well, I know that we are
also supposed to be part of the America poop in effect if you look at the map we are.
Well, you know, you know, only in the banana republic, baby. You know, you know, you know,
who's coming to town tonight? I'm afraid to ask. See that cruise. No, don't delay to participate.
Oh, man. To participate in a very important event that is going to be reported by Fox Television
about the people that have died crossing the streets of Florida trying to find freedom. They are
putting in FIU. Well, let me say this to you as you well know, talk about preaching to the choir.
He might as well save the plane for you. Well, they are putting in FIU, it opened today at 11.
10,000 crosses with the name of people that have died and don't delay and the FIU and CIS band
are going to be reporting this to everybody. Well, I sure hope that Mel Gibson don't find time
delay too close to one of them crosses. He's the KMLV, whatever. See how he's going to be in one of
those crosses as well. I'll have a lay best to make cool. I'll see you pal. 26 past one at the
seat. FIU, wait a minute. We're going to actually see him. He's a Haiti. Oh, it's just the
file. And the Czech leader collapsed that they were showing him. Czech Republic, I thought they
were actually going to show him fall down. It'll be almost like George Bush, number one. Remember
George Herbert Walker when he was in Japan and like, kind of like a little bit of a problem. 27 past
one at 560 QAM.
Wouldn't you really rather have a QD? A QD? A 50 on QD? Yes.
Now for the age of 60 on QD? A car that's almost as far as the car.
Yes, I really would rather have a QD with all new Cuban engineering
that converts a boat of a car into a boat. Arrived on Sherlock,
seriously in a real juvenile canoe with tail fins high enough to sell you across the lanes
and into the sea as if it loads.
Wouldn't you really rather have a QD? A QD? A 50 on QD? Now for the age of 50 on QD?
A car that always draws a far. Wow, we got something going on at Hot Couples
contest. You wouldn't believe you better take a peek at it. Wow.
See, never our count your chickens until they smash.
So a 155 who are in exact impact, what I'm going to do is I'll do a break like a little bit
well, such a short break anyway because we have no spots radio. You know what I mean?
Nice call for that QAM sales department man. You guys, you can't complain about the job you
guys are doing because you're generally speaking. You ain't doing it. What? So here's a funny thing.
I go out to make a copy of what of that facts. Right. You know, including my hidden copy that
one that said Todd records the major jackass. Yeah. And the one happened to be sitting right next to
the copy machine talking to somebody. So I just gave her the copy of it. And and nothing.
And there you go. Oh, well, maybe she can wipe her back home with it or she can find someplace else
to stick it. Although it might be getting a little bit crowded. Let's see Ray Denzel from Wellington.
Does he come to Denzel? Watched anything? Maybe. He said a good thing happening is that the
grand jury is convened investigating the outgoing, oh, the outing of the lady C.I. agent,
Valerie Plane. I saw an article on it. At least the wheel suggests it's our movie and that
regard. Number two, what happened with the Paul O'Neill book with the talk of Bush's Planned
and Would Vade Iraq from day one? Very quiet now. Number three, when I watch Bush now with days on
TV, you can see that he's entered tremendous amount of pressure on comfortable and looks that he
rather be anyplace else may he get his wish. And I would say, absolutely. Nice go on Ray. Don't
forget vote 15, 20, maybe even 30 times November the 2. So we can make that picture on there.
The last supper, the truth say goodbye. Bye-bye back to Crawford, baby. Get lost.
Now what we just say about SCRAN, that she's a bitch. Something like that. Yeah, well we know that.
In fact, that's the reason we got this situation in the sales department that we do is because of her.
Because she is probably she is all over the building is great and this and all this other crap,
you know, she's got she's got that long resume. Mm-hmm. WQM, hello. QAM.
Yes, sir. Real quick. Things new album, Sacred Love. He's got a song. It's called this war.
So you can play it. Oh sure, no problem. Coming up in a couple of minutes. You got it?
Oh, I'm sorry wrong disc. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 team. Oh, I think I got it right here.
No problem, pal, anytime. Okay, I'm just taking a look at this couple scontest because I have never seen
we got almost 12,000 votes. Let's see 27 78, 20 17 18 as one of these couples and their friends have
been very, very busy and then we got 24 42. So I think spots one and two are safe, not necessarily
where they were before and the three I think also was safe. So, you know, it's just a question of
who's going where? See what I'm saying? Maybe. How it maybe. I don't want to like get accused of
just continue on here to 155 and I'll let you know what I say. See it in.
I'll talk to you mature. Graham retires from the Senate after this term. He folded his
presidential campaign and I'll tell him. I've been here about a half an hour ago or more.
I'll be Graham. Okay, so there's Bobby Graham on CNN. He says, you want me? You've got me and we want him.
Guaranteed winner in Florida. I'll bet your Greg's life on it. Show the WQAM. Hello. Yeah.
I just got the yesterday the price of loyalty that four tapes series on Polonio.
I'm really really skating. I mean, just to show how this guy's nothing more than a dictator
and he puts people in place. So this way it looks good. But he doesn't listen to anybody. He's
got his own agenda with Rumsfeld and and and only about Chanyman. Don't leave out Chany and
he's probably the biggest dirt, bigger dirtbag. He's pulling all the strings from behind. That's
why you never see him no more. He's all in hiding. Pull on the strings. He's yanking it. That's right.
So everybody bought the book. Okay. Thanks. It is a good book. It's a little bit disappointing when
you get into it. Yeah. It's okay. It's worth reading. I bought it right away and I read it and it was
it wasn't quite as shocking as I thought and then of course on NIA. They got see one thing you
noticed like when Colin Powell said, well, if I wouldn't know that about no WMWMVs and then like a
couple of hours later, well, regardless, this war is worth fighting. I mean, they, I think, make
everybody know for they can't refuse is basically what it comes down to. In other words, dummy up
and get on the bandwagon, get with the program or you know, you'll sleep at the fishes. Maybe you
look a brought to you. We're in the same fest pretty soon. Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five.
And of course, we know that presidents and senators don't kill people, Michael, right? Okay.
Somebody we went and get on the bandwagon. Yes sir. Hey, I got a uh, some bag and I got a comment.
Okay, go ahead. Some bags, uh, stock good news. Oh, good one. And the comment is,
hi, a family. I'm not sure which one I like better. The comment or
hi, a family. Doc good. And how can we have left Doc off of there? Oh, you know what, I haven't
played to this Norton 8 balls, right? But it's coming up soon because that's really fits in with
Darryl and Doc couldn't end the whole that whole bunch of allunatics. Yeah, but we got a run.
I have to you. That's all I have to say about that whole deal. Okay. I'm nauseated. I'm delighted.
I will never ever watch a baseball game again as long as I live. I don't want to see a pitch. I don't
want to see nothing unless there's somebody good looking on there. Like that left handed for the
Tigers a couple years ago. What that was his name, Josh? You don't know who I'm talking about.
That left handed pitcher. You know, why don't you know he can't hear you. Shake your head. He can't hear me.
No, he's shaking his head. I heard him shaking. In fact, I thought I heard the sounds of
marbles rattling around. I thought maybe he'd read him. W to Q.A.M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
I, Justin Thompson. Oh, what a memory I got. Justin, remember him.
Hey, I got one for your poll. Go ahead. I think it might be the first female. What about Tonya
Harding? Excellent sports come back. Good one. All very good. I don't know how we forgot.
All right. Exactly. Oh, hey, I'm floating. I'll break James bitch.
It's a beautiful thing. Tonya Harding. And who was the other one we just put on her?
Rick James. Right. No. Oh, come on. No. Oh, seriously? Who we just put on her?
Not Rick James. Shame on you. No. He just displaced everything else in my head.
5.670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. They're not going to touch OJ.
I'm going to tell you that right now. Of course, nobody want to get close enough to touch OJ.
So maybe Sam. Remember Sam? Yeah. OJ 307 Mike Tyson 170 106 not even close. And George W.
Only 58. Well, they're giving George W. Break. It is. I'll see him connected with sports so much.
He was under the rangers for about five minutes.
Nobody QAM. Hello. Hi, I have a who's scarier question for Neil. Okay. Is this Neil? Yes, it is.
Oh, I'm Neil. Great to talk with you. I love the show. My question is who's scarier?
Karl Rove, Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld or Ed Meef, Don Regan and James Baker or
Paul Devin, Erlichman, Erlichman and Neil.
Paul and Mitchell and Dean, right? Yeah. Which is very hard.
People do that pull one day. Okay. Thanks, Paul. I mean, have a great day.
Of course, it's a time thing again. So naturally they'll stick with the current crop of Nazis.
5.670560. It's funny because John Dean was in that bunch with Haldeman Erlichman.
In fact, we've said that record. Did we ever have it recently or not? Haldeman Erlichman and Dean?
I don't know. I guess it goes way back and John Dean went to prison, of course. Then all of a sudden,
he didn't get religion like the other ones, but he got this smart. He's been one of the biggest
critics of these fascists of the Neil cons. John Dean, we had a lot of good articles by him on
the website. In fact, of Howard Dean, we're only as sharp as John Dean, but he's not.
WDQA, I'm hello. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good. I'm 64 years old. I would like to get,
I've got something for your poll, but I was, you know, if you'd ever have a senior's hot body,
because I'm still in pretty good shape. Well, we got one senior couple on it,
thing. Yeah, I mean, I'm not very wrinkled at all. And I think me and Betty could possibly take
a take up first. First prize. I think it given that blue ribbon, George. Get the address and
send them that blue ribbon. Oh, I love that. So we can put right on Betsy's chest.
Let's say, oh, Doc, couldn't we add a Doc, couldn't and tiny hearting. Okay. And Snorton
eight balls and Tonya Silverhammer. And we're just about almost done. 20 till two. But we got
that hot couples contest, man. There's some wild hysteria going on with that to see who's going
to be Numano Uno.
My life in law. This is for 20 or 560.
You're too good, man. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the two newest New York Yankees.
Darrell Strawberry. I'm Doc Gooden. And the personal coach, Steve Howell.
That's what I like. I know. Not goodens in the wind up. The straw man snorts the line up.
He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell. He's high as a lab rat from smoking the crack at a fat.
He does some like cocaine just likes the way it smells. Snorton eight balls.
Howell's rolling up the 20s. Snorton eight balls. And he's giving good and plenty. They lick the
20 dollar bill. Their teeth are grinding like a peppermil.
Going eight balls out the whole and pills.
Steve Howell is in the bullpen. His nostrils are wide open. He's so f*** up. He thinks he's on the
graves. He gets advice from Doc and Doc prescribed some rock. So first he blew a line and then he blew
to a safe. Snorton eight balls. They abused the magic powder. Snorton eight balls.
Wrinkling on that clam chowder. Prescriptions got the picture where we filmed.
They threw it in the pool if they had gills.
Going eight balls.
Howell's rolling up the whole and pills. All that money.
Eight balls. Howell's rolling up the whole and pills.
I like a welcome. You all aboard. This is your manager.
The book stops here man. 144.560 WQM. We got the man dog at two. The Humper. The Hebrew.
What is it? Hebrew Hammer. What a lie.
At the four. Then at seven o'clock we got Pantheon preview. The Panthers who want your money like
many months ahead for a season that's never going to be played. Panthers at the Penguin 730,
any camp at the game and then we got that awful sporting news radio that Barry Jack has
has really poured off about. Go to bed and get some sleep, Barry. Okay.
I guess mommy has to wake him up like two, three in the afternoon every day so he can get his story
into the hero. This story from Tampa. I love this. We never talked about this yesterday. In her
late 70s, Dell Baker motors on from in your tap of streets comfortable behind the wheel. Just
unexpected to pass around I 75. You get on the interstate. You take your life in your own hands.
She says none of us seniors drive on the interstate. So they're not going to kill you on the interstate.
They will kill you though unlike all of your secondary roads or why you're sitting in the restaurant.
Baker knows her limits but according to a new AAA study elderly drivers are at a much higher
risk of accidents. How about that? What a shock. What a surprise. And because of their
frailty drivers older than 85, I've only four times more likely to die in a crash than middle-aged
drivers, mom. The common misconception is that older drivers are endangered others, but the
reality is older dangers that drivers are endangered themselves said Bella Dinsar,
AAA director of traffic safety. The news wasn't all grim in the study released Wednesday by
AAA's foundation for traffic safeties. Drivers in their late 50s, nearly 60s are among the safest
on the road like yours truly. And of course you can't complain about my driving here because I don't
do any. Can't come no safer than that. This comes as no surprise to Baker. We're all safe drivers.
She said just like a rainman, we're very good drivers. We're excellent drivers. A lot of people
see seniors and think we're going to be crawling along with a question of walkers sticking out the
car window. The crawling alarm part is right because Marie shot 67 of Tampa's began to develop
in Canterrack. She's cut back on night driving, but an 8 and 9 her mother-in-law still drives,
but with care. She's very cautious and this one in a main road shot says she hardly drives faster than
about 30 men. Right. And of course if the speed limit is 45 and she's driving about 30 and you're
pissed off, like on Dale Mabry for example. She's too little longer like in the middle lane about 30,
about 25 probably, but maybe 18 miles an hour. See I'm going to say it again, it's the older people
it's not so much that there are any accidents or do the drive-thrues through your restaurant or
whatever, which they do plenty of that, but they cause so many more accidents that are never even
counted. They're a moving hazard because they frustrate other people who are wanting to at
least want to get over there going before midnight. You know this is about 10 in the morning.
And they frustrate other people to make sudden moves and dart and try to get around them and
like they're like a road obstacle. They're like putting a whole bunch like an obstacle course
in the middle of each and every road and south forward. Somebody QAM hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm going to tell you something I got a lot to talk about but Mel's dad
says I got to go home and so yellow stars on my shirt. That's son of a b-oge. I can't believe
what's going on with this guy and then they say oh he's steady. He's dead. He said he said
is daddy never lied to him. Yeah daddy never lied to him. He was a revisionist. I'll tell you
this guy posts stuff on the internet news group that makes you want to puke. Yeah.
Now you see this pseudonym. He starts saying all this garbage. You see it all over the place.
I mean there's a lot of them out there. That's the problem. There's a lot more idiots like that out
there. No kidding. They say oh there they're going to roll into New York during the Holocaust.
Punch them more on. Try and make soap out of me bitch. How about a lame sheet?
Let's see here's the fact that there's just a quick observation on the Hot Couples
Contest and the future perhaps the internet votes you determine first place then second place
should be decided by a vote between you, George and maybe Eric. Why is that?
Internet voting polls are too easily corrupted. No. I search the internet for a program that makes
my computer look anonymous to any pool. Therefore could vote over and over again. This is what happens.
Peers is happening some of the top couples on the pool. Just relax. Okay. Facts here. Everything will
be fine. Also this is not a Hot Couples Contest. Some of the other have these couples could use a
serious makeover. I won't mention names. Well you know if they think they're hot maybe they
you know maybe they each other they're hot or maybe even not. Signed a couple who's in the contest
who is not cheating by voting for themselves over and over again has a high number of honest votes.
Well good. I understand they're a little upset but it says I wouldn't announce this part of the
year but oh I see. Okay thanks. Now we know that. I mean you know that upfront there's no you
know what to control that that's the thing with the internet right right what are you going to do
what are you going to do so it's just a question of who's most determined and who's got the most
friends and who's got the most time and who's the most desperate and who wants it it's just for fun
anyway. I mean you're winning a couple nice trips there in a dinner with a pizza log. I mean
I'm not saying that the pizza log is no great shakes it's just fine it's wonderful and you're
paying more than the rumors but nevertheless but it's not like the end of the world not like we're
giving you a trip around the world for two and fifty thousand dollars in cash and stuff like that
that'll be on the next trip and again if we can just cut Bokeh Brian back a little bit more
gonna win again Tom your blocks revenge
high as out a henchman and oh oh oh oh oh
if Nancy K was leaving ring she stuck up from behind
bang bang Tom you silver hammer came down upon her knee hi Albie
bang bang Tom you silver hammer made sure a victory
a limb big little round on you isn't ugly grouper every move
she can find the groove she's off balance
goes the plan makes away into the stand murder on her mind
she has never minded a challenge
oh
bang bang Tom you silver hammer just smashing in the head
she would not leave little hammer till every one wants it
oh
20 48
Tom yours at the perigate Saint Pete checks his book
he gives her a look and he tells her now out out out
she claims she's in his heart laces up and throws a fifty tonities on the line
this guy's out of line and he's got to go oh oh oh
as Saint Pete was turning the page
Tom your took her right bang bang Tom you silver hammer rang Saint Peter's bell
you look escaped and you know Saint from heaven and she went straight to hell
it's a 154 and a half I got my time of clock going here Dave Halberstam is in the building
hard away left one left side my Marley three point oh he hit it oh he hit it oh he hit it
I don't mean that was a three I mean that was from the moon from the moon from his restaurant
about three blocks from here uh Dave Halberstam great guy got screwed over by the heat
don't forget to bring the guys some humontation on Purim by the way Dave I at least don't
never know he's in here oh anyway hey Dave cut it out uh well he might say something bad you
know we're under a lot I'm tired of today he could have said anything you want it but he's a
potty ma here's the result the final result of the contest okay oh oh oh oh and believe you me a lot
of these people were very busy but they were motivated a hot couple contest Monica and Brian
first place 2948 votes second Jesse and Jeffrey 2735 you got those numbers in your mind got it
so those two couples get the trips and they'll have to like fight between them who's going to take
what and the other one gets the other one which is fine uh Carmen and Carlos are going to watch
the rimers eat for free at the pizza lot but the good news is they'll be in for free too 2444 third place
do I dare mention the other ones why not but I don't want to do them all I mean we thank everybody
who got involved but it's too long do I do I'm sure on 2022 better luck next time guys
jazel and rick 355 um Aaron and Brandon 311 who also tried last year but they'll yeah like I said if
you weren't one of the winners this time we got two more of these adeels coming up this and we'll
probably figure out a way Eric leave it there if you'll come up with a way so these people can't
defeat that thing and vote eight million times the eight days what we have days we have days okay
in fact maybe we can contact on ascrop and michael pal and if you vote more than 10 times
michael pal will personally come to your house and attack your bowels uh carrot and joe had 300
and everybody else I don't want to go through the whole list but thanks to everybody and bitter luck
next time if you didn't win it's a fun thing it's not the end of the world right right it is a fun
thing right and we have almost 12,000 freaking votes on there which is pretty damn exciting now come
Monday uh we're I'm gonna go through this dcs now we're gonna be able to play I think no
wait a minute this one that one's okay but this one is not because I have a fact that just came in
from clearance it's as fart number four has been determined to be too similar to a sound of
actual human excretory activity but number seven uh just has that noise it's it's uh
see number seven's the dry one right now what about six six sounds like it's have a little tail to
it so I'm not really too sure no no really does it sounds like there's a little hanger there
and you know what Joan Crawford said about those wire hangers anyway let's see Joe and Mark that's
done okay they're they're finito but we got some other big duans here George tomorrow morning
tend to know that the bass pro outlet located off i95 and riffin road stop i to win bass pro gift
cards and other prizes are usual crappy qm stuff but George will be able there to uh minister to
you i will he'll be reading the scriptures and he's gonna be wearing all of his uh gesky outfits
it's gonna be great bar and brinstone right and then if that isn't enough to keep you occupied
now the trouble jokas still out of maria from noon to two at firestone tire located at one ten
northeast eight street in homestead they'll have a race car simulator plus when our usual very very
low budget qm prizes for which you apologize probably if bokeh brine would give us money every
week for those comedy events that we play his then we can have some even better prizes for you
maybe even some bumper stickers no huh to promote the radio station don't go crazy right
no the thing about the uh the the the i got it over here i'm tongue tied
the facts from the guy paul yeah well i'm sure you're putting in touch i'm sure scruand will
will touch him uh she doesn't touch anybody we're gonna get it i mean pro i but that fact just set
me off you know because it is so true it is so right on target and it proves beyond the shadow
of a dude that i've been saying all along man our sales department is just uh unbelievable how
they bill the amount that they do you know well of course we got a lot of order takers you know
they were just following orders like the Nazis but it's uh it's a pretty disgraceful thing so if
they were like maybe get one more spot on a week okay one more spot a week that would cover and
then have a lot left over the sales commission and some money for Greg to go play uh eat sushi one more
spot a week on a show they could cover that fifty bucks that the beesleys are so nervous about
because guess what i'm not paying it out of my pocket no more okay i'm not gonna be the fog i always
if if anybody had any idea the amount of money that i show off to pay this one and that one and
uh for this if i'm not tired of that crap follow what i'm saying yep one i you well you know you
heard it especially about forty bucks a week you're making and bokeh brine gets well taken
care of but it's just the idea just a matter of principle it's uh it finally has to stop
right here on fart number four okay get with it have your sales department go out there and sell
a little bit more instead of trying to cut back and cut back and scruand over duff and scruand
over this one everybody else in the goddamn building okay Greg while he's driving around his big
damn boy canoe there whatever that thing is anyway have a great weekend we got the mad dog coming
long next to two we got the humber the Hebrew uh what is it the Hebrew here for and those panthers
man they got some nerve or what bye bye bye the meal was your show i'm placing the movie QA
sir Marlotte captain
Jesus Christ
