But in 2000 we were told that don't believe they give lots.
Now they got computers that have saved all that trouble,
but just not for cutting them open the first place.
Is there anything we can do?
And I've been trying to warn everybody that last poll years.
Well some have tried to make a difference.
The public have a poor family, they waited through the last minute.
The greatest delay now.
Oh, I'm a snack, mate.
Who I thought you never knew.
I'll just be your race, push down the toilet.
Oh, this time don't be so happy.
If they take it to the street, play the fastest,
record it, see your confidence.
We should achieve it, try to take the civil rights away.
In the top of the world, we all won't make no difference.
I love that goal.
10-03, this has a high mistake.
Oh, the time, yeah.
Shannon Dirty is our baby curtain.
I forgot all about that because we're like way off.
We have a routine, generally we do here in terms of checking this out
and checking that out and get ready to do the show about 10-30, you know.
About 10-45.
But when the hallies are not there and they play the tapes,
it ends right around 10-5.
And so as a result, we'll have to do a little catch up
as Theresa Hines carried with say after she bitch-slaps Laura Bush one more time.
Now they're making a big deal about that.
Oh, well she said this and the wife of the women of America
are going to be really upset.
No, they're not.
I think the fate of the country should hinge on what these two bitches say to each other.
Right, I think that's really what it's all about.
As to whether the Chinese daughter is a bull bike or whether Theresa Hines
carry a mind-to-wing order now.
Those are the important things.
That's the fact that we've sent all these thousands of people over there,
already over 1,100 of whom have been made into a human sacrifice,
plus the thousands of innocent people over in Iraq were dying every day.
Well, they shouldn't have attacked us.
Yeah, that's right.
I forgot about that.
And the fact that the people in the media are telling us,
like they did last night on Aaron Brown,
on the whiny Aaron Brown on CNN,
that they can't even go outside to do their job
because it's so treacherous and so dangerous.
And to quote the words of a couple of the correspondence,
we're only seeing the tip of the iceberg in terms of the nightmare that exists
on the streets, not only a bagged head,
but of all the major cities all over Iraq.
But no, it never does.
They're throwing rock candy at them.
Things are going really well.
Oh, where far?
We're speaking of rocks.
We use that expression borrowed from the man-dog,
Denver, that a box of rocks.
I love that.
I can think of so many people who've been in that category.
But anyway, boxes of rocks were blamed for shutting down both
the North and Southbound I in 95 between Sample and Hillsboro,
Boulevard, North-Broward County this morning,
and FHP spokesman B.San.
These suspicious packages were discovered about 8.15 this morning
in the highway patrol in the BS.
Oh!
Began shutting down the roadway by 20 minutes later,
the bomb squad was called in.
They're looking for one of Bomba Grande.
But, well, let's see, the packages were spotted under these
Southwest 10th Street Overpass.
Southbound lanes were shut first.
Northbound lanes followed shortly after 9 a.m.
I'm sure we had this all on the air, didn't we?
During some of our news updates during the steering show.
Do we actually do any like cut-ins of anything to an actual response?
No.
Oh, boy.
So in other words, the world could be ending.
We could have like nuclear bombs falling on a sweet water.
What's that I can do with lesbians?
That's true.
The closure backed up Southbound back to Palmetto Park Road in South
Palm Beach County Line.
In South Palm Beach County Line.
What this is?
This is the Sunsettle.
Several accidents reported in the Southbound lanes and drivers
being dethroned off the University of the Hillsboro,
Northbound lanes.
Several accidents still.
Again, accidents reported in Northbound lanes because they just all get wiggied.
Highway patrol Lieutenant Roger Ray has said officials openly suspicious boxes
and found decorative rocks.
Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my God.
He had no idea how they got there but said police did the right thing
and shutting down the roadway until they could determine what was inside the packages.
What's in the box?
They should have called it Brad Pitt.
Did they use one of those robots to open one of the boxes?
To open the decorative rocks.
So, some of them that have bought the rocks never have been in better than they did right now.
Here's the fact to start my morning today.
Also, somebody, I'm pretty good at recognizing voices.
Somebody came in at this morning who shouldn't have been in there.
I'm saying I don't want to hear that voice ever again.
Someone who just continued to disturb and agitating.
I mean we're going to have to take like legal action.
Remember what happened when the IOD got sold to Paxon?
And my good close personal friend Bob Green was going right.
Oh Neil, hi, that'll be really great working for everyone.
Just that Paxon.
Yeah, we're doing that stuff.
Kind of like agitating, like rubbing it in, rubbing salt into wounds after they threw us to the wolves.
Little did he realize that eventually I get paid off for seven months for going on vacation.
But nevertheless, just the way some of these people operate.
Just leave me alone, Miss Muff.
Okay, just go do your thing, sit there, play the dump-button monkey routine,
and just leave us alone, or doing just fine.
And the numbers that come in that ratings come out 11-3 this morning with summer rating book.
They'll be whatever they are with you, without you, etc.
We'll be just fine.
Because anybody that would be a messenger boy for a crazy person
and just go out of their way to agitate and aggravate, I just nobody needs that.
You ever say that?
Nope.
Yeah.
So anyway, here we start with a fact from a unsigned, of course, although this looks like one of the chronic faxes, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
It is.
It's one of our regular faxes.
I was surprised to see you've indicated support of Amendment 4 on the Florida ballot on your website.
And it goes on, though, that I'm an animal lover and about the dog racing industry.
Let me say it again for the last time.
Two separate issues.
If you want to start a campaign to outlaw dog racing in Florida, all over North America, that's fine with me.
I'll even support it.
How do you like that?
Because I know exactly what you're talking about.
But on the other hand, to punish the education system in the state, for punish the other paramutrious industry,
because you've got to bug up your ass about dog racing, the dog racing industry is the tiniest slice of paramutrials in Florida, especially now.
It's almost done existing already.
So to give me a song that ends about being against Amendment 4, because somehow, if you vote against that, it's going to make dog racing disappear, which it won't.
Two separate issues.
So this song that ends, you keep this is about the fourth time they've tried to pedal me.
I'm enthusiastically and 5,000% in favor vote yes on Amendment 4.
Those evil, what are bandits, baby, the slot machines, which only would be at the permutuals,
and money is very specifically earmarked to go on top of all the funds for education.
Not like the lottery, which turned out to be a shell game, beaten swish, it's written right into the legislation.
So you read it, go on our website, read exactly what it says, and then I'm sure you'll agree with me.
We want it badly.
Not only, not just because of the revenue it's going to bring in, but in terms of the idea, when I go out to woodbine and play the slots out there,
and spiderweak George says, and of course, Josh agrees with me because George is going to give some money.
The fact of the matter is I have a great time.
It's the people out there of all ages, male, female, young, old, and between.
And you'd be amazed how many young people out there plunging their brains out having a great time.
And occasionally, within a few bucks.
Yeah, that's right, everybody out there is gay. Of course, it's here, sorry, I mean, it's everybody anyway.
Now, let's see, I'm sure off because we started trying to talk about gay.
No, I'm telling you. Who do we have, we have Shannon Dory.
Hi.
Does she need an introduction?
Well, I killed time talking all the time.
Well, no, I don't, I don't have to kill time because we have the ratings coming 1130, and then I have this long letter that I'm going to read.
In fact, it's great that it worked out this way because ordinarily, I would never have time to read that.
Shannon Dory, 90210, a scare tactics, and...
How old is she is, and how big are they?
Etc.
Yeah, big.
They're about this big, bigger than a bread box.
Bigger than a rock box?
Bigger than a, yeah, yeah, boxer rocks.
In fact, speaking of rocks, take a look at it.
I don't let you on ask off to your hands moving, okay, because he gets really porked off when that happens.
Okay, let's see, the poll results for me yesterday.
Trying to get this organized here today because we got those numbers coming 1130, and the pressure is going to be on Howard Stern and George.
Yeah, what you think?
Well, Howard, this is the summer book.
Now, let's see, it's July, August, and September.
Those three months.
And we know we had a couple of pretty good months in July and August, and then I came back at the end of August.
So if I held up my part of the bargain in September, and if we had a real goose thanks to the Stern thing,
we should be doing just fine here in midday.
And as far as the rest of the season's concerned, and the morning should go way up there with a full month of Stern, a little month plus, right?
That's fine.
And then, of course, the mad dog, who always just checks in with huge numbers.
Oh, right.
By the way, he'll be at the hooters and the pines into the saffron in the mad dog, and Hank and Eddie K. L. B. Doonair show a caulder plunge in their brains out speaking of gambling.
See, I know a lot of the funny duties in the board again, Bible Thumpers out there.
You don't want the slots of the casinos because, oh, it's more gambling. We have enough gambling.
What's the difference as a make?
Gambling is gambling.
Right.
If you can go to church bingo, then I can go play the slots, or play the ponies, or whatever the hell we want to do.
Okay.
The thing is, Ben has no size.
But the fact of the matter is that it's money that's going to come in that the state has got no freaking idea where else to get it from.
So don't get us a song of dance about the poor dogs and this and that.
Separate issue.
Now, what was I just saying?
Shenandoord.
Here's yesterday's poor result.
Which of these best describes George W. Bush?
Now, I was predicting the not, and of course, now let's see, when was Hank serving the grotesque six-week suspension?
That was really bad.
Totally unacceptable.
But I think the last part of this, he's been back for what?
About three weeks now?
What would you say, Josh?
Sounds about right.
Yeah, sounds about right.
About three weeks.
So most of the last month of the rating period, he's been back.
So the Humphrell, he was set up, of course, you know, who did a pretty decent job in there?
Like in the last, what, yo?
Who was on yesterday, our good close friend, Mo the Mole Man.
He's the man of the Mole Man, our main man.
Right, let's set him the man.
2349 votes, which of these best describes George W. Bush?
Oh, look at that.
What means should be able to communicate with her pap?
That poor lady, the care director in a rack pleading for her life.
And of course, generally, we've seen the pattern of what happens right after they plead for their life.
Don't catch!
Yeah, it's like, oh my gosh, it's a severed hand.
Right.
So we sure hope that doesn't happen because she's a wonderful altruistic lady who's been doing great work over there.
And that's what's going on, because it's a slaughterhouse.
And spite of what your administration keeps telling you about how everything's going just fine.
And we're going to have free and honest listen.
Oh, and by the way, did you see how loud we almost got it yesterday?
Yeah, in Mosul.
In Mosul, there was a Boone of Bombele and off right next door.
Kind of like the bomb that went next door to where Sodom was hanging out that night.
2349 votes, then went to describe El Presidente, 775 votes, then went.
Smirking chimp, 633, Commander in Thief, 354.
And now, of course, it's real easy with the shenanigans that are going on right now to see how clearly they stole the election abroad day like back in 2000.
And of course, the ultimate coup de gras was that when they were counting and counting and starting getting closer and closer.
And at final Saturday, they said, let's go to see daddy's friends at the Supreme Court.
They said, stop the count now.
Bush won. Case closed.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay, let's get back to some of these other ones on here.
Commander in Thief, 354.
Bozo, which was a late add-on, 245.
You don't remember that movie bedtime for Bozo, do you with Ronald Reagan?
Oh, did he do that?
Strong leader, 172.
Lesser of two evils, 130, and Resolute, 42.
So you add together the positive ones that we had plenty of freeping on this, 7.2, 14.5%.
Which means you got 85.5% in the inventory.
The last several days is, right now, Bush believes, the last is some in his own party.
Yeah, great.
At any rate, 10.14, let's do the first break, and it's great that we have the format this summer.
We've got a whole four hours to spend together.
It's like old times, boys and girls.
This is really exciting in it.
Yes, thorough.
So talk real slow now.
In fact, maybe we're even seeking one call before the break.
WQAM.
What's up, Neil? How are you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, pal.
Pretty good.
Hey, listen, first of all, two things.
First of all, the gambling.
Absolutely ridiculous, though.
We don't have gambling here.
You can get on a boat, go out a little ways, and you can commit necrophilia.
I mean, you could do whatever you want out there.
I mean, that's just ridiculous.
We get nothing from that.
What's the difference?
I mean, the difference is that now we wouldn't be putting money in Mickey Erison's pocket.
We've been putting in the State Conference for Education.
Those both people are just robbing people blind, and we can nothing from it ridiculous.
They are segmenting.
I believe the both people.
The second thing.
I'm talking with this young girl.
She's a little bit about her past, and she's telling me how she's voting for Bush.
She's such a Bush lover.
And I know you're a little bit about her past.
I go, well, you know what?
If it was up to him, she'd be a mother right now.
Bush, I'm a Bush.
I'm a Gary.
You know, I think he had an abortion like that.
He really pushed knocked up in Texas, and he drove away to be a Bush and put it.
Absolutely.
Why?
And then she gets all offended.
People get offended.
How can you possibly be offended if you're voting for something who supports that?
Yeah, I better understand it.
The people, you know, they log cabin, although the log cabin Republicans actually are supporting Kirino.
Thanks for Kiri.
So they finally saw the light.
This is the first time in my life I'm going to say it in public.
Okay, good luck to you, Pally.
Both several times, please.
Okay.
So I told you, I've been telling you that for a long time.
10, 15 at 5, 60, WQAM.
Emerald co-soft floor is best Asian buffet is excited when I'm seeing Roblob lobster fest as a matter of fact.
It's going on right now.
As I speak, let me be not right now, they're not open yet.
Every weekend, come in and enjoy as much main lobster as you can eat every weekend night.
That's right.
All you can eat lobster and nobody else in South Florida would dream of offering it that.
Also, the Emerald co-soft serving lobster bisque, Jonas Stone crab, roasted duck and grilled sea.
Emerald co-soft is no ordinary Asian buffet.
The service is impeccable and you'll never leave on an empty stomach.
I guarantee you that point.
I've got so much food there.
It's like walking into a sea of food, delicious stuff.
Stir off of six different great soups, sample dozens of secular on-phrase like New York Strip made order,
just the way you like it, as well as grilled salmon.
And if you still have room sample, they're hand-carved prime ribbing, they're new Thai specialties too.
No MSG, no cornstarch, they cook only with the best ingredients, including cholesterol for your oils too.
So it's healthy for you, you'll never want to lie.
Wattle out of there with a bad MSG headache, because they just don't use it.
The buffet features a huge salad bar, full Chinese food line of a brand new sushi bar.
And they've also got a full dessert station for your real pigs, because at the end of all of these things,
if you have any room left, they've got Belgian waffles and pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit,
even be having watermelon most of the time, a perfect ending to a gigantic pig out.
Amelco's got three locations for you, you'll find them to be original one in sunrise, also now in sunny aisles and pepper pies.
So take the whole family, they've got some ishpaha or book your next business lunch in there right now.
Take out and delivery always available too, they were voted number one in town by Zagat Restaurant Reviews and
by WSVN Channel 7 News and South Florida's best Asian buffet, which we all hardly agree.
Call them at 9.54, 572.3822, 9.54, 572.3822, and don't forget this weekend and through the end of the month
it's lots to face, if the Amelco's Chinese buffet.
If you want to see some of the new rushes, it's exclusively on 5.60 AM.
Welcome back once again to the Al Franken show for yet another dazzling array of visual entertainment.
Catherine Lamper is not here at the moment, she is on the phone with Bill Riley.
I never acknowledge her anyway.
After all, I am the A-list name on the marquee.
On with the cutting edge radio, shall we?
Joining us today and sitting across the desk from me are the world famous panzermine team.
Shields and Yarnal, welcome to my show.
Now I understand you will perform part of your act for us.
To all the past right, your minds are how silly of me, as we know.
Look at everybody, there they go.
It seems they are having trouble walking in play.
And it's not Wendy and here at all.
Now she appears to be closing an imaginary window.
Most of you will say, most of you.
Now with one of the always shields or Yarnal, yes, well thank you for that.
We break already.
And now, far be it for me to promote other shows here at Aramaica, but never the last.
I could remind you to tune in to the Janine Garafalo show tonight, where her guests will be, her father, and her long lost uncle Gopi.
1022 at 5.60 W.A.M.
That's my favorite, is Frank in the Stein, whatever name he's the best.
Shannon Dory was born April 12, 1971.
It makes her 23 last time.
I said, like I said, it makes her 33.
She was born in Memphis, Tennessee.
Rams with 33.
Yeah, who?
That explains it.
She was in night light, hell on heels, the rendering, and other days, Satan's school for girls striking poses, charm the ticket.
Nowhere, sleeping with a devil, friends till the end, friends on your end, going to the night, mall rats.
Well, I hate those, don't you?
Mall rats?
Especially when you're taking a dump in the public tea room.
They come up at you.
Almost dead, burning passions, yellow brick.
You never tell you the story at INZ that day was in on the throne, and it was one of the little snakes.
Was that no?
The station was out there in the middle of nowhere, out there in Carroll City.
I thought of a little idea.
I was just going to let it go.
Not the kind of you're thinking about, and the kind that we could talk about back in the day, but a little real snake.
And, boy, I sure finished up business real fast and I high-tailed it out of there.
At any rate, here in today's poll, which you already got some votes on, the reason I'm doing this poll again, even though we've done this before.
And it's a tough choice.
Sinclair Broadcasting is, of course, back and away and back and away.
And some of their stations that I will show the, not the entire propaganda piece, the anti-carrier piece that they were going to show,
but they're having supposedly a public affairs program during which they'll show clips from that, and a discussion in which they'll brutalize John Terry.
Tell everybody he's a bad man, and he stole several freight trains.
What media company or outlet is the most unfair and unbalanced?
And by the way, Deborah Norville, who usually I can't stand, she had the Lieberman guy that got canned, the news guy from Sinclair.
He was on last night. It was very emotional and very good.
And then they also, they didn't want to appear together.
At least they were going to appear with a slime ball from Sinclair.
And they had one of the head hunters from Sinclair Broadcasting on there.
And I used to hear Broadcasting loosely.
And he was just a real weasel.
And he said, well, you know, it's the silly days and during the campaign and everybody's throwing dirt and you know.
And after she just ripped him and asked toward the end, I mean, he tried to get his excuses in there about it's not propaganda, it's not fair.
And he just said, well, it's not the silly season to those of us who take the election seriously, most of the American public.
And I just want you to know that and basically, we're a piece of crap and a good buy.
And he just said there was his jaw hanging under his kneecap and then he disappeared on the screen.
I was at nice go, Deborah. She actually pushed up a little bit.
Pulled today, what media company or outlet is the most unfair and unbalanced?
Unfair and unbalanced.
Unfair and unbalanced. Got it?
I got Fox News so far leading the way. Oh boy, they're off to the races 27.
Synch their Broadcasting for Clear Channel 3, CNN 3, CBS 3, ABC 1, none for MSNBC and that's because nobody watches it or NBC on the first, did I leave off somebody?
No, I got them all.
I mean, there's some other outlets you might want to put on there when we eventually get to your calls eventually.
Down the road.
This letter is a letter written to an open letter to George W. Bush and it's written by Donna Marshall Conner.
Now you had her on the year.
It was on vacation last week. She called she didn't know she was calling the on-air line, but that happens, you know?
And very nice lady and our heart goes out to her and never the less.
Right. She writes articles, well, she's written article anyway.
There was on Smirking Chimp that we had on our website and it's long, but we have plenty of time now.
We don't have to do another break till the end of the hour.
So we got some time thanks to Harvey in a way today.
Thank you, Howard. It's a good word and babboui and Arty.
It's an open letter to George W. Bush on the 33rd anniversary of my daughter's birth from Donna Marshall Conner, mother of Vanessa Lang Langher.
Carvin copy sent to Senator John Kerry.
She says sometimes Mr. Bush, it's the smallest of details that makes everything click.
The smallest of details. Right now, Mr. Bush, I'm looking at your watch.
It's an item of clothing accessory and unlike your other costumes, it's one that is particularly revealing.
On Halloween, my daughter would be 33 years old. Her child would be almost three.
Seven weeks before her 29th birthday, Vanessa, four months pregnant, ran from the falling towers of the World Trade Center.
She didn't make it. Her body and in the small body of her unbored child was pulled from the rubble of the fallen towers on September 24th, just 10 feet from an alley between towers four and five.
It's important for me to tell you that she was on the phone to her uptown office five minutes after the first plane hit tower one, explaining how she and others in tower two were safe.
Here is what you did regarding specifically the events of that morning.
You vacationed before during and after August 6th, the day you were handed the presidential daily briefing that said very clearly, Vanessa Lang Langher and many other Americans were not safe.
After the first plane hit tower one, the fact of PDB did not click in your mind because it didn't cause you to act and turn on the television to conduct a Pentagon, you sat so that you didn't frighten...
You did not like her 14-year-old brother rushed from your seat and headed for a phone desperately trying to reach out to fix to save you sat.
You said two weeks to the day before the general election of 2004 that you would protect Americans that is according to you your primary responsibility as Commander-in-Chief, no terrorists would get us, no terrorists would attack us, you said this with your arm extended, and you said in my quote on your watch.
You said this with no sense of irony, no sense, no indication of how that text would sound to those who you failed miserably to protect.
You never notified officially the airlines flight schools, persons who lived or worked in our tallest structures, you failed in your watch and on it.
Help me to understand this, Mr. Bush, because I was looking so closely at your watch.
Five minutes, Mr. Bush, five minutes.
In that five minutes face, my son's lost the best friend, a future that included loving sister and her future family.
And my daughter lost the only thing in life I knew she ever wanted. In fact, you stood on September 13th on the rubble that covered my child's bones, and you began your move to have the war you'd been planning since the beginning of your German office.
You, Mr. Bush, used my daughter's murder to perpetrate the most hideous example of racism with the dyristor consequences, and you did it standing literally on her bones.
I'm going to be very honest with you, Mr. Bush, I suspect that your culpability does not begin with your failures that day.
It may be imprudent to mention this now because evidence is difficult to produce, but I'm one of those pragmatists that rely on sub-basic fundamentals in crime solving.
So let me say when a crime is committed, we're defined suspects by exploring motive by looking at who had most to gain.
You did, Mr. Bush, you and your friends at Halliburton and your friends in Saudi Arabia, and you've never answered for this.
You think with all this happened it would be in order for you to explain all you have come to gain, now and in the future in terms of both money and power?
On September 11th I was in Canada. When I heard the news I was walking in the street enjoying what was to be the last of purely beautiful sunny mornings of my life.
My cell phone rang, and every second after that call was a mix of panic, dread, calm, because this couldn't be happening, and utter absolute need to touch my daughter.
What would you have done, Mr. Bush? What would your instincts have been? As a parent, I asked this because I sent it a carry during the second debate mentioned you are a good father.
Are you? Have you made Americans including your own daughter's safer?
Let me tell you what I wanted that morning. I wanted to fly to New York to put my feet on my home soil as fast as humanly possible.
I wanted to get to an airport and get home. Not an option for me, Mr. Bush. My husband and I just made it over the border before it closed, and on that morning when no American citizen was allowed to fly in our airspace, on that morning and the mornings to follow Americans were grounded.
Good lot in family, though flew. They flew home to Saudi Arabia. Before they were vetted by the FBI, by the CIA, and worst of all, you never made the tell the truth about why that was so.
I'm sorry, Mr. Bush. I'll never understand this. Never. But still your responsibility was then and is now to explain it, and to explain why that watch of yours leading up to the election is still ticking.
Right now there's a report from the CIA that names explicitly your administration's culpability regarding those events.
By partisan leaders have requested even demanded that those reports be turned over now to Congress. You will appoint the reports of refuse to allow the CIA to release them. This is refused to testify under oath before the 9-11 commission.
Now Mr. Bush released them before the election. Right now Mr. Bush, there are widespread rumors of vote tampering all over this country.
And let me be clear about this. The rumors are that Republicans are benefiting from this tampering. Instead of enumerating our safety, perhaps you could show some leadership Mr. Bush and demand that the tampering stop now.
The madness of both of this country and our in this country are right to vote is protected. Because without that we're not safe. Wouldn't you agree?
After the 2000 election, whether we're in Florida widespread problems with voting Mr. Bush, voting in African-American communities, you also did nothing.
Absolutely nothing. You did nothing to counter the rumors that your brother handed you Florida. Nothing to smooth over what must have felt to African-Americans even if this was just rumor that painful and absolute clear enactment of racial prejudice not encoded in the ordinary access to ordinary citizens, but in the very structure of the government that must be protected of all citizens of this country in the world.
Why Mr. Bush, did you fail to go to Florida and demand that these persons rights were protected? Or at the very least to apologize and guarantee that this would never happen again? What does America mean to you?
In August of 2001 the United Nations hosted a conference on racism and Colin Powell, your secretary of state, wanted to attend. You didn't allow this because you said, we don't have problems with racism in America.
You see the pattern I'm pointing at here Mr. Bush in each case, the problems in this country have been inactive and exacerbated by you and you've attempted to cover them up. How could you do that to Colin Powell? How could you do that to another man?
When your children are young Mr. Bush they're often rebellious, they often admire you but they buck you at the same time. One way a mature parent feels this love is sometimes in the very ways which your children buck you by using the very part of your example they most admire.
Vanessa confronted me every day of her life especially on the days when she acted most loving, parent-child things, the kind of things that all some they are made into family jokes when the child becomes a parent and sees that the very methods of touching and teaching and learning come from the actions the parent used without thought.
I never had that fully with Vanessa that day when she consciously because she was parenting herself used my methods on another generation.
But one day almost there Vanessa said to me, mom you almost made Christmases at home so beautiful and she said, and you always made Christmases at home so beautiful and she said and you taught us how not to be racist. You have no idea mom how much racism there is and white people don't always see it.
I cannot tell you in short hand Mr. Bush how important it was that she said those words because I lost her because unless she did I would always have wondered was I in any way that mattered a good enough parent to a woman who would die so young.
I can tell you some of the methods I used with Vanessa and her brothers but let me show you what I did that I had to explain and count it with all three of them.
You refused when you went face to face with James Bird's daughter you remember him I'm sure he's African American man whose head was almost ripped off his body and text us by three white men who taught him their pickup talk and dragged him along your Texas road.
You refused to sign a hate crimes bill as you begged you crying you didn't even as Molly I was reported off her or tissue in that sense Mr. Bush you function as a very hostile branch of government one that we might have predicted wouldn't care a person's of color or persons of the other party were denied the right to vote.
But then Mr. Bush you this tendency of yours this refusal to get behind the most Americans desires to eradicate racism by pretending or some have been law is the embodiment of Sada Hussein and vice versa one man equals the other they are both Arabs.
You're a globe Mr. Bush you know where Afghanistan is you know where Iraq is have you been there since the war began to a zen which had done these civilians were going to protect.
I guess he's forgetting about that real quick dog and pony show he did with the turkey Thanksgiving at the airport stop turkey for about three minutes.
Interesting detail and perhaps awarding from God Vanessa when she got one of her first jobs brought me a daily planner with a map on it.
The map on this particular piece of canvas has an its center Afghanistan to the right of the small country is a larger country Iran and to the right of that Iraq also small even smaller geographically and metaphorically speaking of Afghanistan just under Iraq written very large of my daily planner is Saudi Arabia.
You know Saudi Arabia Mr. Bush I know you do because the families of my love and who got together to bankrupt terrorism those people who are bringing suit against the Saudis got no help from your administration none.
But you should know that a coalition of the will including France Spain great Britain and Germany have offered to help the families of 9-11 as they try to connect the events of 9-11 to the real perpetrators.
There are connections between the Saudis and the terrorists the terrorists who know about now that you hope it up ahead and for terrorism in Iraq are growing in number and resources.
How much time do you have left Mr. Bush what is on your watch am I taking too long.
What time will you wear an Afghanistan's birthday this year Mr. Bush when you dress up as head of the military or a foot soldier or a prince bandar or Dick Cheney.
When you wear a white sheet with a cone head Mr. Bush when you pretend you're a plain speaking Texas cowboy with your shirt sleeves rolled up for planning happily how safe you'll keep us as you point to your watch.
When you dress up again as a good Christian when you dress up as a Republican you are you know not a Republican you've shame Republicans I know one thing Mr. Bush I'm going to try very hard not to have you dress up anymore as commander in chief.
And more ways than I've articulated here that custom doesn't fit you I'm a proud American citizen Mr. Bush who's disgusted that you try to portray yourself as patriotic.
You've trampled every value of decency America ever held there you believe in God Mr. Bush really because to me is a flawed parent flawed person flawed citizen I ask God to help me fix my flaws to forgive me my trespasses and here's what I hear him telling me don't let him speak for me if you do it's you who fail to watch over your children you.
Wow yeah heavy duty stuff huh great job Donna.
Hey there. Amen.
The Ohio poll there's some good news there the daily tracking polls carries a six points ahead is it six or four out of six.
They also good there are some of the news in the bad news that Florida's back at a bush column according to the daily tracking poll on our electoral map that we have on our website the bushes two points ahead.
How he could be ahead in Florida how you dunderheads out there are good I first of all I don't believe that I got a great call about any Brazilian which I think you're really going to like about and a lot of people have made this point about the cell phone people.
There are millions of people who aren't getting counted on September 15th and we're 169 million cell phones in America just point that out but they were looking for that later.
But how anybody in Florida couldn't be matter then hell especially after they got they stole it from you right there and brought daylight and of course all of the subsequent things that have happened and the vote tampering that continues to go on in the attention tampering that are going on right right in broad daylight right in front of your face now.
The attention this and franchise anybody not just black people but anybody who might vote against the bush junta so flagrant so obvious and the public's going to sit back I realize a lot of dunderheads in Florida.
Okay let me take a look at that map again okay but the good news in Michigan is they trick news did I tell you it was a bogus poll that one day Paul and of course CNN was on their trumpeting yesterday here's the latest poll for Michigan bushes seven points ahead Michigan no chance.
He's never been ahead in any other poll the trick news is 75 yards to the right of simple broadcasting and Fox news.
How come this map isn't coming up yet my electoral man needed like it's not anywhere flooding it are we flooding it.
It's okay when we were a lot of people are at any rate if you look at the one that was conducted yesterday the latest track and pull of Michigan carry with it about six point six seven points.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines we got a hole for our show today boys and girls it's like old times it's like a taste of although of course 11 30 when those numbers start coming out.
Now what are we going to say if you do too good of a job in a summer book it was Howard.
If you do a bad job George George George such yeah I guess that kind of covers it all the way around because we certainly don't want to give George any credit because we don't like George we hate
George now we hate Neil we hate everybody here at QAM because we're just a bunch of evil people.
So many QAM hello greetings good to hear your happy Friday Polly happy Friday and deep belly.
Boy doesn't that you know I have to be careful if you're right here show when you start reading stuff like that you feel my blood pressure escalating yeah.
And you know I just hope that people if you count the balance from last time and figure all those yaw's was vote for Buchanan didn't mean to how is the hell to this yaw who win Florida I can't I can't
accept it so well the good is we didn't have one poll yesterday I forget which one it is there's somebody damn polls but it showed the carry actually taken a one point leading Florida but I mean what is one point you know it's all these are within the margin of air and they're not they're not counted the people that have the cell phones are somebody people that are not reaching so who knows what it's going to be.
And let's not forget what other things since last election they they put in that do not call which pollers are infected by that but a lot of people are just hanging up and are you not helping to recommend to the people if you don't like being governed by pollster mad candidate yeah don't participate in the polls if they don't have good numbers then they can't go by the right.
I just want to tell you one thing I heard that John Edwards felt bad about the whole thing with the lesbian daughter so he sent her 300 square feet her favorite flavor of carpet.
Have a great day pali you do.
Stand up your act.
51 to 44 that's the yesterday's you survey USA poll I mean there are all these different ones there's the AP Ipsos back those whatever there's all these other ones but anyway 51 to 44 carry in Michigan don't anybody believe that Bush is going to win Michigan.
Because I'm looking at that Detroit news thing the other night two nights ago and I'm thinking how is this possible I mean first of all you got that huge black population 82% of Detroit is black secondly got this enormous Muslim population in Detroit and they're born especially but all over Detroit and other word of Michigan and they're like 90 in fact they showed the poll the same night on the news on a different newscast and the poll showed 69% for carry 7% for Bush and it was a several percent for Nader because he's like Lebanese or whatever it is but 69 to 70% of the people are in the same country.
I'm not too many Muslims for Bush I'll say that right now.
So there he is right now the Columbia except the Serpent Shinkhan feet.
Yeah yeah you tell him boy you go boy.
It's over there in a box of rocks that we found on the except maybe there's something that's at home and you think so.
Why not?
I'll probably know the answer QA and hello.
I know.
Yes sir.
You know that letter was very good and one thing I don't understand why the Democrats aren't doing is making 9-11 an issue because Bush let it happen basically through his action.
He let it happen or he helped make it happen.
Right well I don't understand why Kerry isn't saying you know I'm not going to read a PDB that says been lot in the term to attack in U.S.
and then go on vacation for a month in which I don't meet with anybody and including my C.I.H.E.
The only time in there advertising they've come even close and it wasn't really to carry people it was one of those other committees.
Is where they show him holding Prince Bandar's hand and how about their cozy relationship with the Saudis and about the price of oil and all this other but you're right that's one of the areas that really I am badly.
I don't understand it it says in the 9-11 commission report that you know in the PDB from January till September 10, 2001.
Then lot's name is mentioned 40 times there and this guy did nothing you know.
Let's see that scene in Fahrenheit 9-11 when Condoleezza is testifying reluctantly and they're putting her feet to the fire and asking her what the name of that report was and she finally says threats.
On America are planned plans by terrorists to attack using some of the law that the other plans to attack right right and you know another thing too is the outing of that C.I.A.H.E.
How come we not hearing any more about that how come the media hasn't gone crazy with that how come Bob Novak is going to show up there with a glib smile on his post on CNN every day with a sarcastic right wing crap.
This is just pathetic what the media is done with the public here and the most important thing I think that I've read and all these the last several weeks on ears that article the other day about the difference between what CNN puts on here on their international network to the rest of the world which is why you see the rest of the world gets the real news not just from them but from BBC and CDC and while overwhelming there is a post of Bush as opposed to the propaganda they put on for domestic consumption right well you know that they not only out at her but they made everybody overseas who even thinks about cooperating with the government.
They're going to say no I could get exposed I could kill I mean they they did tremendous damage to this country with that so why aren't we saying do you want to reelect an administration that did this I mean they the Democrats are continuing to win
out if they really held their feet to the fire on these things they'd be 30 points ahead by now yeah because I mean that is the issue securities the issue we're looting on so I don't know hopefully they're going to wake up but it's getting
a little late but they need to do it. Good luck to us pali. Thanks Bill. Yeah there's only been one terrorist attack against this country by any foreign group in the history of the country that was on 9-11 that was under the watch of George W. Bush that was after a series like this guy says of warning after warning after warning and if you read the Richard Park book and in many of the other books he went and he listened to that clip that we play he didn't give a crap about Osama but they had bigger fish to fry from even before the moment of 9-11 happened just like that letter I did.
This red that down a rope the open letter to Bush they already had their plans that he'll cons of going to Iraq.
To take over the Middle East and to to unfold their global plans but the bunch of crazy people and once upon a time I know that there are a lot of people are old enough but you don't have to be really older remember when these right when your stream is used to be considered the lunatic fringe the Pat Roberts and types of jury fallbells they religious right wing wackos they were considered the lunatic fringe while the Reagan got in I can remember
going on here and saying well guess what now they've taken over for a while and then of course Clinton came along and they interrupted their plans for eight years which is why from the day he came
in office they try to get him out of there that's why we had Monica gate and all this other crap that went on and right water you name it anything they could possibly do to get his ass out there because he was interrupting their plans that's why they stole the election in 2000 they wanted the keys to the king to back again baby and so the very people used to be laughed at and called a lunatic fringe in a country now they're running it
exactly what am I getting excited about the letter is up on the website by the way don't go the letters on our website that will not read on the
year we're saying to read all that well but it's on there w.a.n. hello me oh yes sir how you doing buddy great hey listen are you gonna have that article on your
website that you just read man I just got to send that but you didn't hear because you were on the phone it's on
there right now okay great listen one more question how do I get that that bit with P.
daddy on on reekless I tried to go on your website get it I could pull it up is it on there no oh it's not on there
that's probably why we'll see if we can bend there or sorry we give it on there hey great man thanks Neil and have a great day all right
if I like p.v. and remus reaches all in regions I thought he said remus if remus is on there I'll play it right now I love
remus let's play the song of the song all right 1046 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and even
Ryzen and singular wireless lines the Florida Department of Law Enforcement is set up a statewide task force to
investigate voter fraud complaints in Florida saying just like Donna said in her letter same problems are
popping up in so many places it doesn't make sense to investigate them separately problems are popping
up in so many places it doesn't make sense to investigate them separately oh my god how could this be they
could not in America not in the land of the free not again not in a government that would lie to you in
fixed elections right out in broad daylight the departments received complaints about voter registration
or absentee ballot issues in Bay Leon Orange will act you upbroward and Bade counties and also plans to work
with investigators in Duval County who already are looking into fraud allegations there we're finding that
there appears to be some common thread between some of the investigations that are occurring said F.D.
L.E. spokesman Tom Burlinger we decided to approach it from a statewide perspective rather than a local
perspective many of the problems seem to be cropping up with forms turned in by groups that hire
people to register new voters and F.D. L.E. press released single about the association of community
organizations for reform now or ACORN saying its workers have been connected with widespread voter
regularities we think that a lot of this is going to be driven by financial
voters or individuals were paid by the peace and turned it as much as they could
Burlinger said ACORN said an employee is fired as falsely reported voter fraud to get back into the organization
right he was terminated for a number of violations of ACORN rules he wanted his job back so we wouldn't give it to him said faith gay
faith gay he's trying to put the spotlight on the entity that fired him
yes he said she was unaware of problems with registration forms turned in by employees the group registered
212,000 plus voters in Florida this year it hired about 200 people as part of the registration drive
among problems that they reported the state 3,000 photocopied registration forms were
turned into Leon County elections officials most switch voters party affiliation to republican without their knowledge
I'm going to read that again right now I missed it I was you know not enough 3,000 photocopied registration forms were turned into Leon County officials
most of these forms switch voters party affiliation to republican without their knowledge
lots of a county learned people that their party affiliation changed to republican against their will
the problem was discovered in the backs of 1200 forms turned in by one man each of the forms registered voters as republican
2,000 voter registration forms in Dubell County, Condated Races that don't exist
at least three forwards signature oh this is kind of like the signature they threw out
well the reason they got Nader off the ballot in Pennsylvania you see we hit the article on the website
they have Mickey Mouse signing and re-wreston to all these other creepy part count right some students in orange county were
registered to vote without their knowledge after signing petitions we take these issues very seriously because the impact
of voters of our state said Ali F. R.I.J. Department of State spokeswoman if anyone has any information on voter fraud
I urge them please contact their supervisor elections or the Florida Department of Law Enforcement
the FDA doesn't plan to contact voters as part of the investigation before the election
saying the department believes their victims are fraud and would rather focus on the people who tamper with
the registration forms we don't want to scare anybody away from the polls bro and you're said well that's
a little bit of good news refreshing idea
kind of reminds me of those people that got folks come knocking on their door at two o'clock in the
morning saying hey your registered to vote aren't you like an ex-colon or two this aren't you that
and uh doesn't you again anywhere near those polls out of lecture stuff like that boy
well you're like this a little bit on the lighter side light it up a little please okay
keep it right Neil keep it right oh that guy's dead man that guy's dead some of
those people those KAT callers they're dead the evil ones are talking about not the nice people
well some are nice people are dead too a liquid Republican stealing campaign signs late one
night god and everybody ran across a low hanging driveway chain fell face-first out of a pilfered
sign in the concrete and knocked himself unconscious a liquid Republican Randall Wagner 50 was loaded
into an ambulance treated at Lutheran Medical Center for Abrajans and Facial Cuts and issued a
summons let's see this is in the Rocky Mountain news so it's not Lakeland it's Lakewood
somewhere out there in the United probably Colorado Wagner who on success and unsuccessfully tried
to steal a deep Thomas congressional sign that even not the deep Thomas from Wendy's who stood
uh had sized brother democratic candidates and is trying to pick up wheat Ridge police reported
I did a very stupid thing Wagner said admitting theft of the signs I got caught up in the political
passing of this highly contested election I'd also go to excuse me ran around stealing signs
Wagner said that he and his wife Jan who was driving their pickup that right a lot of
apologize to the people they've offended everybody has a right to express their political opinions he
be saying Jan Wagner would not say that since he didn't want to discuss what happened she also
just happens to be a Republican the incident with the Wagner's comes at a time when a record
number of Democrats and Republicans are complaining that their signs are disappearing or being
vandalized wheat Ridge resident Pete Clammer who's 9-11-12 last Wednesday eventually led police
to the Wagner's said his frustration is that people mistakenly believe only their parties
the victim he said a Republican neighbor lost two yard signs insisted if not having
them to Democrats Clammer said that late last Wednesday shortly after the last
presidential debate ended his wife heard a noise outside Tammerson when he walked outside with
his cell phone he saw a pickup parked in the curb and somebody using a box cutter and tried to
take the name Thomas I need voted to his fence clearly on his property Thomas is the Democratic
candidate in the seventh district Clammer said in earlier Thomas I also have been vandalized well
you got a bunch of crazy people in America this whole idea well if it's an accuracy you got
a right to whatever you're opinional you don't oh you don't same thing with religion politics
whatever it is mine is the right one and you better go step in line brother or else
that's right because more and more and I think I can actually tell you that now I think I
cleaned that thing up you know yeah maybe I didn't oh yeah I did here it is that's the American
way yeah I like that that's the American way right here you go well see I can't take the old ones
out of those for reason you know technically because you know I didn't put them in here so I can't
take them out so I have to put like all these stars all these asterisk in there oh by the way
speaking of that do you ever have aceago cheese I must have that's my favorite there's nothing
like a delectable piece of ass the alga cheese what kind of as it is white is it mild is it right it's
a little on the sharp side it's a tiny and of course I say ass the alga cheese if you want to
put a smile on your face check it out at one time maybe like as a little a little taste tempting
delight a little piece of ass the alga cheese would be good or here's some good news speaking a piece
of ass couldn't arise from sick bed to join campaign Bill Clinton once known on the campaign
trailers Elvis for his superstar crowd blazing charms will rise from a sick bed just like the
Phoenix rising from the arses baby he'll rise from a sick bed next week to come to John Curies help
six weeks after a quadruple bypass operation you can put in his life stitch intervention starting
Monday in Philadelphia and a joint appearance with mr. Kerry comes in the face of resistance from
his wife senator swallory clinton is concerned that the former president could invade to his
health so soon after the operation Hillary's been fighting this all along but we'll get a few
appearances in suddenly a senior democratic official who was involved in the negotiations over
mr. clinton's participation he really wants to do this he watches every detail of the race he
knows more about it than I do I'm gonna tell you Clinton could run again he would the operation
he'd be pushed by 40 points right now easy yeah right for you just started like al frankenair
that was real you know it's that judge yeah from the hospital bad yeah it'd be tough but yeah he
also galvanizes conservatives who hold them in contempt for the monica winski scandal which they
hit in like poison long before monica for that reason algor did not call on his help four years
ago decision that much much criticized by democratic activists and a bad mistake that's the reason
of a goural lost Arkansas and Tennessee his own home state a carry spokesman Joe lockhearts
that mr. clinton has been kind of lasking this home in chapequois will make several solo campaign
stops next week after his joint appearance of mr. Kerry I'm glad he's making a joint appearance
maybe you'd like to light up with him too mr. clinton's office and how do you say this short
statement saying he was pleased to be able to help don't carry this very important campaign
for the future of our country and it goes on and on and on and at two tonight campaign event mr
Kerry said he had spoken by phony mr. clinton would encourage him saying that white house scared
tactics were backfire the white house is countering mr. clinton in every turn by taking the unusual
step of setting the president's national security advisor condo laser rice out of a campaign trail
we're quite an article about that yesterday in the Toronto star and the New York Times also
the fact of the matter is that since he's supposed to be the national security advisor she's
supposed to be taking care of things like national security you know especially since it was supposed
to be so scared you know but in the meantime she's trading out to be a political animal sandy burger
and other people in the same position didn't go around the country making speeches for political
purposes a burger made one or two speeches and watching in dc and that was it and mostly there's
the same thing but not condolese she's been sent out there to be the anti-bubba and quite frankly
just often think about it can you think of anybody more anti-bubba than condolese you only think
she's before his bubble mice he's here's the poll so far what media company route is the most
unfair and unbalanced that's what we're asking on eorodgers.com today 230 vote 5 news 153
since their broadcasting which tonight is going to air that our propaganda anti-care propaganda
they got 26 clear channel 24 they're wet on their ass cbs 12 cnn 8 abc 3 msa bc's got a peridom
bc's got a tiny peridom
Friday you best is wow
hey how you doing honey
this is Bill Clinton and President of the United States so this is my state of the women's dress
i've known a few girls who thought they were pretty hot but Millie's here to tell you that girl
you're not they used to wear makeup and ripple like this but when they looked at me they were under much
rias
whoa
you think it's my show
whoa
you think it's something else
so Paula Jones you got a new nose
that no impressed me much
you got the brain but if you got the touch
then don't give me wrong
i'll bring you all right
but that won't give me one man a man
oh
the night
that no impressed me
oh
what's the long show
i think you remember this one
she had a separate carder but she kept on her phone
and after she escaped she would bury the mom
she got herself a wife all end up
coming talk
much she still as ugly as the hot and dark
whoa
she's got that special
whoa
she's got that
so when the trip got some surgery
that no impressed me much
you got the brain but if you got the touch
then don't give me wrong
yeah i'll bring you all right
but that won't give me one man a man
oh
the night
that no impressed me much
oh
oh
you forgot
oh yeah i'm on this next one
a big choky girl with a purple bright
that now i'm gapped dressed nearly to the light
when the cigarette meetings in my car is no more
i could have told world jameril in my house
car
whoa
she's got that
so
whoa
she's got that
so
monika
you lost 40 pounds
that no impressed me much
oh
well you got the brain
you got the touch
now don't give me wrong
yeah i'll bring you all right
but that won't give me one man
a man
of a night
oh
that no impressed me much
oh
oh
i'll save the best for us
well i tried to cut the brakes on her car
no offense but i think i'd rather sleep with gettin star
once you get burned by maca all spring should hatch
big old wags and it has too much
oh
she makes chase
make sure you recognize
she makes you so better
so Hillary you're going to be a senator from the art
that no impressed me much
well you got the brain
but if you got the touch
now don't give me wrong
when you're all right
with that one
came out one
and the
middle
of the
night
oh
my
my
my
no impressed me
what
i think
i like it
that is my
state of the women's dress
i love you
let you
love
we want to back
yeah
let's go four five sixty wtqm that mad dog from the hooters and pember primes
the two
hopper and eighty k a quarter do their show out there plunge in uh... on their
way from four to seven
orlando else a gerry the big uh... hooters and derral at seven o'clock boy our
people are everywhere we got them shriekled all over the place in that
eighty k ten
well i'd a kid who in double do you think
rad says ever check out newsmax dot com all yes i must say let's get that on our
polar day right away newsmax dot com and
i had another one of my own on their free republic dot com where the
creepers say jie bros creepers let's uh... get dot whatever
free republic that time right now free republic dot com and newsmax dot com
for the right wing delusionals man people who are seventy five million yards
to the right of uh... hittler
unbelievable crazy people
infected click on those websites you can hear no sounds in the back that's what
that is
speaking people
what's the thing about staley g hilton
they use it me
uh... something to come across the fact machine for you to digest
i see it's a
suit
staley g hala suit now it's a soo crag it's a suit
staley g hilton is part of the class action lawsuit in federal court in
northern california against high officials in the court of the administration
including the federal government voice chaney rice
morrick tenet rumsfield and ashcraw for complicity in the eighting and abitting
and facilitating the nine eleven attacks well
his suit contends and we strongly concur
and this is a wee being the nine eleven review organization
that the defendant's did so in order to launch on constitutional aggressive
organs the sovereign states of afghanistan in a rack to create political
opponents enemy combatants to spend the constitution indefinitely etc all
for sorted political ends with subvert the very system of laws and
constitution that the defendant's affordable hold in their orfaces
the suit alleges that bush has presented violated the u.s. constitution
by deliberately lying in defrauding the u.s. congressman the president enabling
at resolution of tober 2002 authorizing bush to wage aggressive war on a rack
the war is unconstitutional and in illegal drain on u.s. tax
peris funds in the treasury the suit alleges that the war is unconstitutional and that the
declaratory and jumped the relationship be ordered it's unconstitutional and legal
because the president violated the separation of powers perversion to the
constitution by deliberately lying to the congress by falsely assuring them
that bush had evidence of weapons of managed destruction in the rack
and that a rack was involved in plotting and carrying out the nine eleven
terrorist attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon attack attacks
actually orchestrated by defendants the suit also alleges that the u.s.a.
pay-pute act one and two are unconstitutional and must be struck down as such
because they violate the fourth fifth ninth and first amendments to the
u.s. constitution by permitting the government to spy on americans and
violate their rights to privacy and because the pay-pute acts like the war in a
rack were passed under false and fraudulent circumstances presented by the
defendants to the congress the suit argues that to the extent that u.s.
constitution is legally illegally analogous to a contract between the
government and the plaintiffs the taxpayers it seems that deliberate fraud by
the defendant should nullify any unconstitutional acts by them such as the
aggressive war and occupation of a rack and they pay-pute acts the plaintiffs
believe they have the right to bring the suit as American citizens and that they
face an imminent threat to their freedom from defendants arising out of the
entire orchestrated scenario of 9-11 the PA laws that were passed the pay-pute act
laws that were passed as a proximate result of 9-11 and the actions of
defendants infringing on their constitutionally guaranteed freedoms 9-11
review dot org strongly supports Stanley Hilton's courageous actions to hold
the officials responsible for the 9-11 massacre's liable the punishment
and to repeal the fraudulent legislation such as the pay-pute act
Hilton is persisting in this legal action despite threats to his life and we
call on all our readers to support his actions by all means necessary it says
please donate generously to the 9-11 victims legal fund and you can find out
more on this by going to 9-11 review dot org
got it got it okay pretty interesting out there's actually a few people with
balls out there you see the reason I wanted to stop
especially if you saw the movie for a night 9-11 but even if you didn't maybe
just did some reading about it or maybe somebody read it to you from the funny
papers but the fact of the matter is that the fact that we let the
Saudis fly their buddies out here they've been
lot in the family and others would indicate very clearly that this was like
in one of the bits of Bokobrind and you know we turn the planes the wrong way
the Saudis attacked us there's no question about that right 15 of the 19
hijackers were Saudi nationals the others were Egyptian and of course some of
it loud and we know exactly where he's from this was an attack by Saudi Arabia
against the United States this was a let's somebody said they had a business
deal gone bad now wonder what they were talking about on a balcony at the
White House Prince Bandaar Bush and L president they just there too wasn't
the day after 9-11 or the night after that I'm sure it was just about the fine
flavor of a cohebacillus the fine flavor of that delicious uh whatever that
booze was that the prince were wricking in that big fat cigar he's
smoking the big story he had an is every push and how good the smoke is
drifting the other way so it's not to ruin the ambiance
walked in 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the horizon singular wireless lines
wva and hello Neil yes sir are you doing today okay
I haven't had a chance to listen for like a couple of days but you know
how you pointed out a website called justboat.org
right um I've been trying to use it for the past couple of days and every time
you go to print something up it comes out skewed on the uh printer like it's uh
but a garbled or something it's not working right sounds like a
comedy plot to me I was gonna say the same thing I would be surprised
if the builder burger is got their finger in it
that's that thanks Neil go get that one man love you all right bye there's a
little piece of good news there may be a little bit of hope not the democratic
party is like any great chase because if they were they would have already
exposed all of these things that you are talking about and we're reading and
I'm talking about it's said but y'all have to deal with what you got you know
I'm saying and now what do you used to say that we're neary right y'all
hold y'all what y'all got until y'all uh whatever which y'all want
right democrats hold out hope to be capture cent of
majority you know only seconds ago from a pull it from a website that
you're just can't stand capital hill dot blue
oh that's really an excellent website do we have a link to that our ours
we uh link this uh we ought to we ought to if we don't
capital hill dot blue it's a great and it's not it's not part isn't there
they're honest the Jordan and the democrats when they deserve it which is
often and the republicans when they deserve it which is always
less than two weeks before election day republicans are likely to retain
control of the US Senate but there's a big but in there
back home democrats have a realistic chance of pulling off an upset political
analist poll student party fiercestos are saying as right now
in a contest nearly as tight as the president so race control of the Senate is
expected to hinge on the outcome of nine closely fought races nearly all of
them in states where the electorate tends to favor republicans keep in mind by
the way Betty Castro for the Senate for a place Bobby Graham
and if you don't like Betty Castro then hold your nose and vote for
anyway because we surely sure don't want to be voting for no
male Martinez right we already we had one
Martinez he was the governor Bobby Martinez he was Dracula man what an
evil door he was the question of uh... senate control may not be decided
until December if no senate candidate captures majority in the November
second vote Louisiana the top two vote getters meet in the runoff December
fourth i give democrats a thirty five to forty percent chance of taking
over the sense that university of virginia political scientists Larry
sabito who will be seen this weekend matter fact tomorrow on saboteur gigante
visit sabito pecania i think republicans aligned up with fifty two or fifty
three streets over seats overall that there are nine seats as tight as a tick
tight as a tick oh you said tick and control of the senate could switch
depending upon co-tails in the presidential race also
republicans currently have four fifty one seats democrats forty eight and the
lone independent gym jeffereds of Vermont who votes for the democrats used to
be republican then finally saw the light the democrats should close out the
election within striking distance of regain control of the senate is
given that they're defending nineteen seats in the selection cycle republicans
only defend fifteen including five democratic vacancies in conservative
southern states georgia florida
lousie and in or through a lot in south kira line
when people first started talking about these retirements democrats were in
the spare thinking they'd have to defend these five seats and plus pick up two
more it's really tough it's up to we lose all five north kira line state
university political science professor andrew taylor said in relation to um...
hardest rubber ten taylor against these doomsday scenario six months ago it
doesn't look quite so bad now for democrats taylor say but still upheld battle
also not related to any taylor republicans will almost certainly pick up a seat
in georgia were conservative right when democrats sell millis retireing
fascist democrats however are expected to pay or is it high ever
please to say that somewhere in that high ever i think linden johnson used to
say high ever democrats high ever expected to pick up the seat of
retiring republican senator peter fits jerald and illinois were polso
democrat barrett barack obama with a massive lead hugely over right wing lunatic
republican alan kees i wonder if alan kees thinks that marry chainy is a what's
the term he used for a lesbians he'd missed a he'd miss miserable no good lowdown
bitch alan kees you fully belong each farcester bible fun thing he's going to get
a thump and madlexo which he never saw
rack obama's gonna stick him where the moon racco don't shine
levin thirteen a cueann
but
uh...
sparks of Augapplause covers over this performance by the Dalton
college
The chosen child of the whole Hinduist record and the worst of me
Round!
Round by clay, me
Round by clay, me
Round by clay, me
For the Christian and the Holy Queen
He's on a mission from God to protect you and I
From dirty words and those liable relies
It feeds the righteous and he will find a future
Bush body and takes clear town of army
Round by clay, me
In a place where
Life is thinking of death rather than
Round by clay, me
Well shut, we will back
Round by clay, me
Round by clay, me
He likes to fight for him on his heavenly mind
That's why he's got found his dad
And on his face
His home is in a house filled with smooth white man
He's a princess queen who's better than you and me
He's got a ground back
Him in a place where
Life is thinking of death rather than
Round by clay, me
He likes to fight for him on his heavenly mind
That's why he's got a ground back
Round by clay, me
Round by clay, me
He likes to fight for him on his heavenly mind
That's why he's got a ground back
That's why he's got a ground back
Round by clay, me
The lunatic right-wing fringe, by the way, Pat Robertson used to be considered part of that
But now he's starting to look a little bit better, you know what?
He opened up a big stupid mouth
And as a matter of fact, not only are they calling him a liar
Karen Hughes, who it turns out that even Tucker Carlson on CNN called her the biggest liar in a history of mankind
Because you called him a liar and he said that he's a delusional and crazy person
But Karen Hughes was in the room at the time
Oh, he never said nothing like that to President
Well, yes, he did because he's come to find out that back in July
Pat Robertson gave the same story
Julie Wooder pointed that out and see that, yes, did you see that?
No
Yeah, he's been saying this before all along
And it pushed her all the way about casualty
There aren't going to be any casualty
Right
Well, there's a casher going to take a floppy end
Oh, it's right off the top
It's almost slow-mo, dear
Every channel down here has that on a continuous loop
How many times an hour?
About 30, man
Okay, how many votes have we got on the poll so far?
371 and we're asking today which media company or outlet is the most unfair or unbalanced
And we can also have websites, etc
I mean, the website we aren't supposed to be sure and balanced
But nevertheless, if there's some that are so far lunatic, either to the right or left or we're putting on there
Right, that's the point
Right
Don't nitpick with us
Fox News 246
They got two turns in the emote
You turn
Unfair and unbalanced
How's Bill Rattling doing, by the way?
Call him up and see what kind of profanities he orders over the phone
Maybe squeezing himself
A clear channel 41, Sinclair Broadcasting 40
That's a tough battle
CBS 16, those are probably the people who upset with they and rather
You know, I say thank God for CBS
Was that?
Even though, well, because at least we got one network that we know some of the people
They're up to the left of it till the hunt anyway
They're going to be a little bit of what's going on
I'm going to do nothing anymore
No, not now
The worst
Between the booby of business, the antichex and the booby business
And then rather, we're at the weeping eye
We got the CBS
CBS 16, CNN 10, MSNBC 5, ABC 5, free republic dot com 3, NBC 3
And newsmax dot com
2, has got a pair for real right wing lunatics for the
Lusional people who have lunch with the you know what they have for lunch they have
Builder burgers for lunch
Anyway, 22 after the hour do I have time for the Jimmy
Versa thing?
It gets a lot of calls and we got all wait until 2 today we got a whole four-hour show
Because Howard was on tape this morning
And we'll see just the impact of the stern monster which we hope is sensational
We hope Howard gets a
Thirty men
Thirty share in men
Yes, we do
In the month of what is it going to be September which you boost that whole morning number way up there not that we want to make what's his name?
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, man
Do we know actually we kind of like what's his name?
All the more
He's got a few points
But anyway Jimmy Brezzlin writes election rise on the cell phone vote the summer rating book is coming out at 11.30 just in a few minutes
So after the break will come back and I've just loaded up my fax machine with paper
I don't don't be overdoing it okay, which they have a tendency to do because I do have the problem with the double paging
That I'm getting when you send me faxes, you know every page I also get a blank page with so you know what I mean?
I kind of a pain in the old butt
Jimmy Brezzlin writes and this is very very important please keep your ears open and your other orfuses as well in listen to this
Election rise on the cell phone vote now. He's not the first one to say this
But I think he points it out pretty darn well pretty dang well
On September 15th he writes there were 168 million nine hundred thousand plus cell phones in America according to the cell phone
Institute in Washington not one phone user was called by the political pollsters reporting with such marvelous accuracy on the Bush Carey race a month later
Yesterday afternoon now there were 170 million
475 thousand plus cell phones in America for the cell phones to in one month one and a half million plus new cell phones have been bought
Not one cell phone's been called during the presidential campaign
This is because there's no method for pulling cell phones nobody has their numbers nor do they know who the users are where they live and what they do
You have 170 million phones and you talk to none of them then you try to say you know what the public is thinking
A month ago pollster John Zagley said he had discontinued telephone polls because cell phones had made any and all results meaningless now if you pay attention to polls
You're insane yesterday the poll showed a bush surge it never happened because they were basing it on thin air
There also were figures showing Carrie winning states like Ohio in the Midwest they came up with the percentages without calling one cell phone
Of the millions and millions of them who live in an area. I believe nothing
Everybody maintains that the two candidates are in a statistical that he nobody knows that for the huge number of new
Registrar voters overwhelmingly of color and young and with 40 million using cell phones the only thing going on in this election is how many times George Bush
Goes under before he drowns on election day as he should he is the worst president we've had maybe ever
Yesterday on the east side of Manhattan they counted 40,000 new registrations
You didn't need ten of them for this is a carry district in state
But it showed the level of animosity toward Bush. I was at a book signing at Syraculavia today in 400 Democrats where there were rare number
The next day they raised a hundred thousand dollars when Joe Biden appeared for Carrie over last several weekends groups have come down from Connecticut to go door to door for Carrie and Tapa
I saw cell phones everywhere the newspaper and television polls out worth glancing at they're taking of people have landlines as your house phone is known
Many millions have cell phones and landlines both and can be reached but they're about 40 million people between 18 and 29 who only use cell phones
They're heavily democratic the usual view is that they vote spillingly this time with the word draft in the year the young breathe
And with a general and the intense this like a bush the number should be higher than usual
Even if it's disappointing the numbers are so huge to begin with that Carrie will be your president on a 917 vote
Older people are bush voters and they're deficient making cell phone calls when it buzzes trams or rings within coming call their breakfast
If the newspapers and television are running poses if they're excerpts from textbooks at MIT
They're taken with 20th century methods for a 21st century political race our scientific poll is based on interviews with
The top hundred and thirty two people that has a margin of error three percent one way of the course that makes six percent but that's close enough for us
They say they are lies by numbers the reporters are basing their coverage on these polls
They're lazy unimaginative and irresponsible that everything is based on an untruth could be the reason for the dreadful lesson coverage
What they write or say so often has nothing to do with the times in which they're supposed to live in report
In the weekend the October 17th there were 23 American soldiers killed in a rant
I saw no prominent mention anywhere if there were 23 policemen killed in New York and weak the city would shut down
If there were twenty-three police officers killed in the nation the week it would be a national calamity
But the twenty-three dead American soldiers were virtually unmentioned
I watched the today show and they say now that we're going to see all the good things happening in Iraq in sanity
I think good common sense is the issue with the campaign is the dead soldiers who are in Iraq because
George Bush lied to get us into the war younger people might feel a little closer to what casket holding the young
They talk on cell phones and when they talk they ask where are you? Did you hear George Bush saying the jobs are improving?
Where and for how much he's making this a nine dollar an hour country? Did you hear his idea on social security?
We can give it to a stockbroker to steal do you hear him saying a word about the guys getting killed in Iraq?
No, he wants to make like it never happens so long. I'm going to this building and I'm going to lose you on the cell phone
Very good. Very good. Very good Jimmy Brezler in the news day.
You are the sins of the new people, new brothers and exclusively un-fifesickly
You are the name of the man
And culture is a party girl party girl party girl party girl
And culture is a party girl party girl party girl party girl
And culture is a party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party girl party
Girls you want to spread quarantine
Dom Mron
she's a better world-listen
the places
the hands
the
things
things
And the sharks make and tell their mother political
Fuck is the angel of the night ever easy
Oh!
Oh!
You have something that I just don't that mean that we never play
Who's that?
I have you really?
No, I have not.
That's uh...
That's a...
Oh yeah, yeah.
Yeah, well, if you don't like death, there's always...
That's a...
That's a...
That's a...
That's a...
That's a...
That's a...
That's a...
Yeah, we can just play that until two o'clock.
Anyway, we've got the numbers coming out.
We got a...
That...
Well, why not?
What's going on in there?
They have a cluster of fork again and there?
What are they doing?
Speaker and coder, the reason I played that.
Two men ran on stage and through custard pies.
And conservative columnist and coder, she was given a speech at the University of Arizona
and Tucson.
Had you been to shoulder police said?
What is the number of persons we've ever heard?
University, police arrested the men but didn't really start identities.
In her half hour speech last night, coder trashed Democratic presidential candidate, John
Kerry and derided liberals and Democrats while submitting conservative students to attend
her speech.
First appearance was sponsored by the UA College Republicans.
Oh, by the young Nazis.
Well, I've spoken Nazis and we have one of the greatest things we've ever had on our
website.
Have you seen it?
Yeah, well, I sent you a copy and I didn't see it.
I didn't see it.
Sure.
We've got the most beautiful photo of Bush and the Rumsfeld who look a little bit like
here I'm gearing an e-roll, just a little bit.
Oh, God.
You're a little bit.
Now, this back from Joe and stuff, Miami, we had that somebody else in America has got the
balls to tell it like it is.
You go, Joe.
Before you go on.
Yes?
First of all, thank you Albert for that beautiful piece of artwork.
And second of all, you don't want the 12 plus to you.
I don't know.
Well, because that's all I got so far.
Well, what are they?
I don't know.
It's a big stack.
I have to film through them.
Well, wait until we get them in.
Okay.
And then later on, we can add to the show.
You can send me whatever you like.
I don't want to waste 50,000 pages of paper here.
All the trees that they have to cut down and they can even force to make this paper.
Let's see.
Here's one that says I was impressed by the letter Donna wrote that you wrote on your
show.
I'd appreciate it if you could tell me where I can get a copy and say John.
It's the first story now.
Eric's got it up there immediately as usual on our website.
You go to our neararger.com.
It's the very first story.
But before you read the story, even almost as impressive as that, take a look.
And we love the picture yesterday of Bush with a bounce cap.
But above that now, it is so perfect.
Rumsfeld and Bush has seldom been seen before, but I think if he gets selected again,
we may actually see that picture in a certain reality.
I think we want to scare you or anything like that because that would be season there
taxi, who was scaring the people of Crapples, keeping everybody on edge.
They're going to be dropping nuclear weapons that all made your Americans hate.
That's a Chinese routine.
You know, once you finish crying about his dark dominate, that's the new deal.
Anyway, so what is it 12 plus?
You don't have any good, happy looks, sad looks.
Oh, so you know, mornings were down.
Mornings were down?
Yeah.
Mornings were down.
If I'm looking at the right demo here, WQAM, spring 25.
No, no, no.
We're going to summer 20 from 6am to 10am in 12 plus.
From 19th to time for 19th to 24th in 12 plus.
Persons 12 plus.
There's an all our way to, so we get them.
Huh?
Sorry.
Can you imagine what Moa is thinking right now?
Oh my God.
Here's the wheels and his brain are just spitting like crazy now.
You've got a molesting.
Yeah, good.
We'll pass along the diversity of Moa and then you can like, regurgitate them in the
classroom and stick them onto your muskrat.
I'll make a copy and put them in his box.
I know where it is.
Good.
Good deal.
Anyway, the Jew factor.
Now, this is what I've been trying to tell you, Jew people about
Junior Lieberman in 2000.
And nobody else wants to talk about because they don't want to offend the Jew as well.
Being a Jew myself, I don't mind if I offend a few Jews, especially the older ones
here in South Florida.
Especially the ones in Boca to you.
Capsa hoist.
Anyway, Jo and South Miami says, I think we have this election wrapped up and here's
why.
I traveled Midwest constantly on business about a week, about one week a month and after
talking to a lot of my customers, I found something very interesting.
During the last election, I had four customers admit to me they couldn't vote for Gore because
they didn't want a Jew so close to the presidency.
Oh, I mean, Jew Lieberman.
These same four guys are voting this year for Kerry.
Now, granted, so many four people.
It sounds crazy, but if the middle of the country is filled with this type of stupidity
and prejudice, it may actually work in Kerry's favor this year.
I'm now convinced that Lieberman caused war the election.
Who else said that, huh?
They're good.
And that those same people didn't vote for Gore, will vote for Kerry.
Says, Jo and South Miami.
Two good facts is in two days from Jo.
You go, Jo.
Excellent point.
Don't you think?
Indeed.
I mean, it was the silent anti-Semitism and of course, talking here, it's all what we
know that there didn't exist out there.
That wasn't a factor.
And of course, it was because it wasn't just any ordinary pedestrian Jew.
This was an orthodox far-bison Jew, right wing, you know, self-having crazed Jew.
Who if it weren't for the fact that he was a member of the Senate, he would have been
running around with a tallest in the Titzes and the Yomok and a whole business on there.
Like dressed up there, going to circus.
The Jewish circus.
So don't kid yourself, man.
Especially, you think people in Louisiana and Alabama and Arkansas and Tennessee, we're
going to vote for Al Gore and move the Jew Lieberman on there or Hart B.
No way, Jose.
So that's a good point.
Okay, now what have we got now?
We got eight numbers.
Anybody cares about that?
That didn't sound like a rare thing.
They're promising deal, which you just read to me.
No, this sounds even worse though.
Well, what about it?
What?
10 to 3?
Yeah.
Spring 4-0.
Summer 2.8.
Oh my God.
It's 12 plus.
Woo!
Poison.
Yeah.
2.8 George.
Boo!
How is that possible?
Because we know we did just fine.
Maybe all the right wingers got the diaries this time.
We'll wait and see.
It's possible.
What is WIOD showing there in midday?
In that midday?
12 plus.
Back up, everyone passed it.
Well, get with it.
So you don't do this rating thing, really?
No, I know.
That's your bag.
That's my bag.
I'm squeezing it right now.
What's up with WIOD?
Have a 12 plus.
It's a little idea.
There's a rush one back up there.
And at the right wing, Nazi, they got it in the morning there from Tampa.
I'm going to check you in.
I do have the diaries.
What does it say?
I think I have blindness.
WIOD.
I don't have a spell.
Oh!
There it is.
From a 3-6 to a 4-6.
There you go, right there.
There's the tip off.
Do I know how to figure these things out or what?
The right wingers all got the diaries.
So we really took it up the old nose.
Back down the shoot.
Well, I'll be darned.
Ah, shoot.
But well, then I have to do it Howard's firm.
Well, it might have something there too, because he came out all of a sudden.
He turned the political back.
He might have pretty much answered.
He might have pushed him very much for curious, everyone, so on.
So maybe the right wingers got the diaries and we're going to want to get in the screw.
It wouldn't that be something.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' head exclusively on his 5-6.
Oh, boy.
Took me a little while.
A little slow learner.
But Neil, I apologize.
It's radio.
You are the truth.
Are you supposed to push after that project day?
And too much surprise to discuss in shame.
You met those sorbys and been late and get away and shifted the blame to the dog who
saved me.
We're up to pie in high rank.
We're not the ones who are tired of it.
What's going on with this guy?
We're not pie in high rank.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
We've been stuck to Zor having fun.
This is shocking.
But the morning number, this is the number we've been waiting for.
This is the number we've been waiting for.
Didn't you think, haven't we thought, haven't we been brainwashed
and believing in something spectacular was going to happen in the morning?
Didn't you think, haven't we thought, haven't we been brainwashed and believing in something spectacular?
Didn't you think, haven't we thought, haven't we been brainwashed and believing in something spectacular?
Didn't you think, haven't we thought, haven't we thought, haven't we thought, haven't we been brainwashed and believing in something spectacular?
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
Oh!
In the summer, from 6 to 3rd, that is really desperate.
When those guys are going up, CMQFN, they're like, they made a little bounce back up again from 8 to 4.
QAM in the morning with Howard Sternon for five weeks.
From the second, 5.3 in the spring that was Moe and Gilly and Joel Rose to a 3.75th, number five in the morning.
How does this man keep doing it to us?
How does it, I mean, get a doctor in here to hear my wounds.
How do they keep doing it to us?
Now, what's the station that Joel Rose is on?
Is that still Waxi?
That's the thing they changed the callators.
No, it's the radio.
No, it's the radio.
No, it's the radio.
No, it's the radio.
No, it's the radio.
No, it's the radio.
No, it's the radio.
We're in the spring to a point nine in the summertime, which is again only a little part of the summer book that they put the sports on there in Joe and whatever else they got, whatever other sports craft they got on there.
So we, like I said in the midday, we were number two.
Maybe number one from 10 to two.
I don't know.
We don't know.
Although look at that, Joe, for love 94, man.
Yeah, well, what does that all of?
What did they do all of a sudden?
WSDJ in the morning with zooming up.
They already were number one, but they went up over three points and love 94 went from six with a four up to number one with a six point two.
What kind of man were getting these diaries anyway?
Yay.
Something very strange about that.
An addition to which I think also that the situation with the hurricanes also affected the number of people in September who send diaries back?
Yeah.
Have a feeling that the sample, how many people do you think send diaries back in South Florida?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
Now let's see, what about, what about, ARAMERICA?
Maybe that's where the audience went.
Do you think?
ARAMERICA.
Let's see.
What are they?
W-I-N-Z.
Let's see.
W-I-N-C, which used to be Fox.
Fox Sports is there.
Oh, no.
I went from a one-one in the spring overall, man.
To a 0.8.
Uh-huh.
Let's see about in the morning.
Which includes a little bit of the tapes of the goddess there from the day before.
You know, the Randy tapes?
Uh-huh.
Let's see how she did.
0.8 in the spring when they were Fox Sports?
0.8.
Now, at least they're consistent.
What about midday?
Which includes, of course, the Randy tapes in Al Franken.
Down.
Down.
They're down.
W-I-N-Z.
Two, two.
That was when they were doing sports with Romy and Company.
Down to a 1-4 with Al Franken and Catherine Alamfer.
Hi.
Now Catherine Alamfer.
So they're not doing it.
That's not where they went.
But the Howard Stern thing, man.
Somebody's got to tell the world we got Howard Stern.
Now, what's the station in P-Oh, you know what it is?
I know what it is.
I saw it already and I didn't realize that was looking at it.
You ever hear that?
I was looking right at it and I didn't know it.
Look at that WP-B-Z.
You people in Palm Beach, you got to clue me in, but I'm sure that's the buzz.
Am I right?
I don't know.
Well, they didn't show up at all in the spring of this year because why would they?
Why would anybody in the Dayton Broward be listening to them?
But look at this WP-B-Z in the morning of 1.9, the man 2554,
which means as I predicted that 2% of the audience is listening to Howard on a station
where they don't talk about every other word that he says.
So if you add his two points there to what we got on our station, that's 5.7,
which wouldn't be all that bad, which would be, you know, number three anyway.
See what I'm saying?
I said it.
And then of course you add into the factor as far as work and so are any idea
that nobody has any idea when the show starts.
For example, this morning we started at 10 o'clock.
How many people, how many friends of mine, who listen to the show every day tell me
that they never turn this show on until at least 10.30 because there's no point in turning it on.
People are not Howard listeners.
Right.
So they weren't listening at 10 o'clock this morning when we started.
And then by the time they do tuning, they haven't got any idea what's going on.
Another pile of crap.
And then of course in the midst of all of this, Howard comes on a year
and spends all of his time promoting serious radio.
And we find out that at the end of his deal, at the end of 2005,
he's going to get off of infinity anyway and we won't have the show anyway.
It'll be on serious.
So this is a debacle, a botched mess if you ask me.
It's a nightmare.
But nevertheless, we continue right along, don't we?
Somehow.
Can you believe this?
It's a staggering.
We weren't ready for this.
No, but I did.
Didn't I warn you that a couple percent of the audience at least was going to be listening on PVC
because if you live like in central, proud north, that thing comes in just fine.
So you have a choice either here the show, like pretty much in its pristine state
or you hear like every tenth word bleeped out by the dump-bub button monkey.
Wow.
Yeah, we were going to figure out whether it was a real...
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
I bet you he is squeezing his piece right now, is that's it?
Can you imagine?
Nice going, no.
Come on.
Look, yeah.
Come on, smell it like lilacs, baby.
Ah, that's correct.
That's a moody.
Right, all right, come down.
Rush Limbaugh appealed a state court ruling yesterday that would allow prosecutors to examine
and to contribute or videocomentate his medical records for a criminal investigation and it was
use of painkillers.
Limbaugh maintains that he's committed no crime enough to seizure of records violates his privacy.
Attorney Roy Black asked for a rehear egg by the same three-judge penalty for this record of appeals
or by all property appeal court judges.
It also seeks to issue review by the Florida Supreme Court.
Patient rights are not protected by holding secret proceedings where only the prosecutor
retends blacks at illegal finding Florida's medical privacy statutes support all patients
the right to be heard before their medical records are seized.
Investigators, as you know, rated Limbaugh's doctors or office last November to see if Rush, Rush,
had engaged in doctor shopping or illegally visiting several doctors to receive duplicate
prescriptions once Wilma ran out.
The case is in the middle of the rushes of the court and, allegedly, on 5.6.8.
AM.
This is Mark Morgan, is the 12-1-hour on Q8M.
Manlet Black returns to NBC Thursday in a brand new comedy.
Hey, Ross, hey, James, I'm Monica.
I'm Rachel.
Hey, who's that guy talking to?
He's all by himself.
It's your imaginary friend.
Let me sit down, sorry, Maverick Morgan.
Nobody else.
Can I get another drink?
Yeah, I don't know about the large case for me and all my friends.
All right, one latte coming up.
Okay, I'm offering six cards.
Don't miss Maverick Morgan, imaginary friends.
Only on NBC.
The network they can't imagine what it'll do with our friends.
12-1-5.60.
A marginally happy Friday, too.
Boy, this is like a death knell.
It must be like the end of the world around that joint, huh?
Yeah, it's a funeral music time.
Do you want the, you want the person's 2554?
No.
Okay, my bother.
All right.
What media company, Rowlett, is the most unfair and unbalanced, other than QAM, of course.
Fox News 352, almost two thirds of this crowd say Fox News out of, what do we got on here?
535 votes.
Sinclair Broadcasting 62, tonight's the big night in the right-wing sunshine.
Clear Channel 54, CBS 24, CNN 17, MSNBC 8, freeware-hublic.com, 6 ABC 5, NBC 4, and newsmax.com 3.
Interesting.
Thanks from T.J., who says, who gives me a little flicky-licky.
He says the work you're doing just may win the election for John Kerry.
Well, we'll sure give it our best shot of fitting that.
Here is why, let me, before we go on, I just got to look at that again.
The morning thing.
What is this?
A feudal dirge?
It's a jig.
I beg your pardon?
Sounds like a racial thing to me.
It's an Irish jig, so I guess it is.
WQAM in the morning from number one in the spring.
This is six...oh no, this is overall, I'm sorry.
We were number one and a minute overall.
By a mile, we were kicking ass in the spring.
A 5.8 share, point three point seven share, and number five in the A.M.
Even our close personal friends, ancient Paul and Old Ron beat the power dog.
Badly, five-oat-with-three-seven.
And like I said, 2% of the audience in South Florida were listening on P.B.Z.
On the buzz.
Didn't I tell you that?
Didn't take a genius to figure that out?
So we turned the whole radio station upside down again.
The Ojjama provocateur in South Florida, we know the reasons behind all the unmanagement of all one.
All of the grief and the atsaurus and the stuff that goes on.
But no!
And so when we did put it on, we had to have like, in that not only can't we say anything on the issue anymore,
but forget about that, but they got like, how many dumps a minute?
About 30, man!
Yeah.
And so maybe this is just because they didn't have time to sink in.
Maybe the word of mouth didn't get a dump since we weren't doing any other kind of promotion.
Let the public know that Stern was on QAM.
And of course, once you do change format, like I told you before,
the sports people like Dave and Moose, they're gone.
Right.
Let's say, Prince.
And we also took that poll that one day that got somebody very upset,
but the truth sometimes hurts when we found out that 64% of the audience who listened to the Ojjama
didn't listen to the Ojjama show doesn't listen to Howard Stern.
So 64% of our audience hasn't got any idea when the show starts anymore.
Wow!
And the fallout from it is just enough to make you plots.
Right.
There you go.
Right.
He says the work you were doing made just when the election for John Kerry here is why and why the polls are really wrong.
Most polls are based on likely voters.
Voter rules are public record available to anyone.
Polling organizations use these records to define likely voters.
If a voter is not voted in the past few elections, they are not likely voters.
Not included in the polls hiding under the radar.
The polls are missing all these people.
In 2000, only 46% of registered Democrats voted in the presidential election.
Getting these slackers motivated enough to vote is the key to victory.
It is not the undecided voters who'll determine a selection.
It is the normally lazy, apathetic registered Democrats who are now fired up that will tip the skills.
You were doing a great job.
Yes, I am TJ.
You may be preaching to the choir but getting them to quite actually voted is the key and you're doing it.
Long given it a shot.
Sit right.
Try to make a difference.
I mean, when you consider that they claim that the last election was won by only 537 votes and pulled that they claim,
that's when they stopped voting counting.
We can certainly influence a lot more than that.
Plus, if they let a few more dark votes for it, well, I never mentioned that we were very sorry to hear the passing of our friend Hudson over at Wayne Arnold.
Hudson passed away.
His life passed away just a few months ago.
You ever notice how many times that happens?
A lot.
A couple have been married for many, many, many years, a long time and all of a sudden one of them will pass away and we're the very short period of time.
The other one just can't keep going.
So we're very sorry to hear about that and our condolences to Hudson's family and friends and Wayne and all of our good buddies of world castle.
566705, I'm all about speed.
So let me just have to do the right thing to show Wayne down on the floor.
You know?
Because we were led to believe that this was going to be, we had grabbed the golden grail baby.
This was going to put us way up there at the top.
We saw all of these on next to the, you know, when you look at the numbers from the spring, what problem was there?
Was there a problem?
Absolutely.
Not.
I don't see any problem back there in the spring.
Even the moment was doing just fine and Joe was kicking ass in there between 8 and 10.
We were getting a really solid lead in there.
We were ahead an eight share in the spring and men.
Number one by a country mile.
And you'll notice that we were going along all of a sudden in the summertime and you had that we're doing a couple of good, my month and a half, month and three quarters really solid.
And all of a sudden we get in there with this new deal here.
Even FDR never saw a new deal like this.
And now we've got an abortion going on.
And we've got the people that are talking heads in the building, oh, you don't worry, it's going to be just fine.
And Howard's listeners are going to be here in natural lead in and blah, blah, blah.
You're right.
Right.
Our audience hasn't got any idea what time this show starts anymore.
Quite frankly, and neither do we.
Neither do we.
I sat down in this morning.
You told me it was a howard tape today, so I knew it started right right around 10, which it did.
But that's the only time we have any idea when we start.
And that came as quite a shock to me, by the way.
I thought to myself, this must be a freaking day mirror.
Anyway, say a couple of calls when we'll write along, you're just, you know, how many times can you get hammered?
You know what I mean?
How many times can they keep doing it to you?
When you've got a bunch of people doing their damn, just working their asses off, trying to put a good show on every day.
Keep the audience going out there and they just keep, it's toxic to every time.
And when you deal with emotional basket cases, every couple of weeks we've got to change the format, move this one around.
We're pissed off at this one.
We're suspending that one.
We're not crazy people.
Why don't I tell you that they, we're not a broadcast company, we're about to, we're a little crazy people, emotional cripples, lunatics.
But I'll take the money, thank you.
WQAN, hello.
Hi, is this the, is this the radio station?
Yes sir, WQAN.
Okay, so, formally, I bring a phone.
I'm saying, is this Neil?
Yeah.
Oh, hey, Neil, yeah, I listen to radio station all the time in my dad, I just want to call him to go to good radio station.
Thank you, sir.
No problem.
And have a great day.
You too.
See, that was nice.
He's making us do a little better.
He knows that we're looking at our wounds, that we got our asses kicked.
We got wallets, baby.
We got screwed in tattooed.
And we're the one show, we're not afraid to tell you about it.
Okay, not only the other stations, they pretend that they're the only station on the dial or the only company that's in the business.
And of course, in clear channels, case they're just about right.
But, you know, we're here to tell you, man, we got screwed.
We took it, man, a pipe, the size of Mount Rushmore.
It came off the top of our head.
And I can't say where they inserted it, but you can use your imagination, okay?
Back down.
Now, I'll be saying that.
Joyce will be getting all a titter.
WQA, and hello.
Yeah, morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
I finally see you getting pissed off about this early morning thing.
About what?
About the early morning, yeah.
Well, it doesn't look like it's working out too well.
Does it face to these numbers?
We just got it.
It looks like it's a nightmare.
What I'm on in listener of yours, but what I do in the morning is not because I'm not a stirring listener.
Right.
I turn on an innocent mic and I listen to Joe.
And then I get over to you by eleven because I don't know what time you show start.
Right.
You know, so I just wanted to say my piece, man.
And I hope it changes.
Joyce is kicking, it's kicking some serious butt.
Okay.
Okay, Pally.
Good.
Bye.
Wow.
I got my pile here, but I'm so, I'm so emotionally, I mean, you know, we might actually be number one.
And certainly number two is not that bad, especially converted to the rest of the win on.
We'll take it.
Let's look at that again in the morning.
Yeah.
And keep in mind, keep in mind, by the way, that we don't come on at 10 o'clock.
So the idea of even 10 to two is not going to be accurate.
Right.
Number we got, I think we are number one, you and I and Josh.
And both of us.
See what I'm saying?
And both of Ryan.
And Eric.
There's no way to really extend Eric.
There's no way to extrapolate like 10, 30 or 10, 45 to two.
I think maybe we'll have to do like 11 to two to be fair as far as these bonuses are concerned.
I'm not taking any, and either should you guys have taken any financial fallout because Stern fell on his face on his face.
And because it's also on the Palm Beach station, it's got a great signal in the, taking a couple points away from us.
See what I'm saying?
Well, guess what?
Well, but listen to me, if he did only a four between six and 10, where, what would he do?
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm exaggerating.
A three seven.
A three seven?
Jesus, even Moe never had a number like that.
Well, maybe a couple times.
But I mean, you know, Moe was doing five there in the spring.
If he did a three seven between six and 10 by the 10, they got to the final 45 Robin stories and the prognary 85 concerts there.
What the hell did they have left?
You see what I'm saying?
I do.
So between 10 and 10, 45, my God, we must have been ointments.
I'm, I love it at two, it's a bonus time.
The way I'm looking at it.
Everybody needs to find out at least.
Let's see what that looks like.
Yeah, let's say, in fact, that's what we'll do with city hourlies.
And then the hours, if the hourlies came out good to the love of the two, then we'll take the bonus from there.
And if not, we'll take whatever hour's best and that will be our bonus.
You're a new Roger.
And this is the losing chair on five six, he's the QAM.
Only under Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
WQAM is proud to bring you the WQA and School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the courses read.
Of course you'll work for free.
Go 1-800-WON-A-B and speak to our Director of Education, Mr. Lenny Marjez.
Stop, you want me to play jazz?
No, I want to.
A boy jazz, a boy jazz, now.
Yeah.
So, you're not doing it.
Stop.
You're saying news?
Speak.
No, no, no.
News.
No.
No, that news is news.
News.
No, I'll take your words towards you and you'll help.
Yeah, we have the door closed beginning closed.
We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we
we will. We will make, we will make, we will make stuck in our West Coast building up on our door. we will make Lo templates up on our windows! with feet of wood that we are gonna put on performance light, which we are gonna put on performance light things and what do we have up here? what do we have up here?
And uhhhh
No i couldn't go to the old house.
And those who are in this world, miss Yogi Wanova!
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio!
Ah, radio!
Where you can hear your own voice!
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need
to make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean a 1.2.
With no new little airworld!
That's us!
Come 19 at 5.60 we're changing the poll.
So I saw that back then?
Yes, yes.
I didn't write it out really very well, but I don't care.
I'm just whipped into a frenzy myself.
603, here's the final result of the first poll.
I fixed this to Eric and I'm sure that as soon as he can get his little fingers on that
typewriter, he can get this on there, right?
Here's the first poll today.
What media company are out with is the most unfair and unbalanced.
Fox News 399 is not even worth taking a poll because they're in a league of themselves.
They're out in a league of their own.
Syncrade Broadcasting 68, Cheap Channel 61, and then way on down, CBS 26,
Lake Seattle and 20 free republic.com, 8 MSNBC, 8 ABC 6, NBC 4, and newsmax.com
had to phrase the questions it is.
Here's the new poll.
And we did this once before.
Oh look at this next week's schedule and looks like everybody's name is still on there.
Huh, although Thursday between 4 and 7 it's got several question marks.
Now what's going on next Thursday?
Maybe the Humper's back on vacation, maybe he's suspended again.
I see his Monday through Wednesday.
Well who knows, more power to him, okay?
We love you, Humper.
Anyway, here's the new poll that we're changing.
Like I said, we did this before.
We found out that 64% of this audience doesn't listen to Howard Stern.
What's your 6 to 10 morning radio listening like?
Is what we're asking?
See we never asked you to point that way because they never wrote it off this fast.
See what I'm saying?
I say.
Here are the choices I've got and probably you'll add some more because I did this very hastily during that last break.
I listened to Stern on QAM.
I listened to Stern on another station which could be the Palm Beach Station of the Fort Meyer Station,
depending on where they live and what their radio is doing and how far their antenna sticks out.
I don't listen to radio before Neil.
I listen to Waxi.
I listen to Error America.
I listen to Paul and Ron or I listen to a music station.
Sam put music station because we don't want to put all the, you know, one by one by each.
Right?
Who cares?
This is just to get kind of a feel as to what the hell is going on here because it doesn't really look this here that I'm seeing on these pages.
I realized that the numbers are skewed and it was a very heavy ethnic number.
And a lot of right winners got diaries and rushed it well again.
Let's speak of that.
Let's see how Bill O'Reilly did.
Okay?
If he finally ever showed up at all, if he evidently isn't put much of a dent into Russia's numbers there in midday.
Because what did IOD do?
They went from three six back up to a five one in the summertime.
And what is Bill O'Reilly on?
FTL?
The light bulb?
Even Mr. Ego had a point two on.
No, that's right.
He's not on a midday.
I don't even see it.
I don't think Bill O'Reilly registered on a Richter's scale.
I think he had a point.
If he asked me, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm still looking, I'm searching and I don't find it.
Nothing.
He was too busy making pornographic phone calls.
Who's insensitive to gauge start with the Chinese rights element, Goodman?
Let's see if I have this right.
He says the Republicans are now accusing the Democrats of being insensitive to gay Americans who are one gay American at least.
After John Kerry mentioned Mary Cheney in the third debate, talk radio hosts finally found a lesbian they wanted to protect.
Even the homophobic wing of cable TV rallied to the sport of a family with a gay offspring.
Meanwhile, Dick Cheney described himself as a pretty angry father.
And then Cheney said of the Senator, this is not a good man.
What's wrong with this picture?
Remember way back when in the 80s when Dick Cheney racked up on the most anti gay voting records in the House of Representatives?
In 88 he was one of 13 members who was voted against funding for AIDS testing and research when it was still called a gay plague.
While Cheney's come as far as many other Americans and for the same essential reason, the more people in our families workplaces and communities come out of the closet, the harder it is to regard them as deebians who need to be cured or converted or jailed.
Mary was by no means out of the national television, she was already out.
She lives with a long time partner, wears a ring, and has worked professionally marketing course beard of the gay community.
She and Heather Post had the commission under the camera lights with the rest of the family.
She's not a child but the director of Vice-Presidential Campaign Operations and her father's chief confinant.
Dick Cheney has talked openly about his gay daughter and wanted to hear rare moments that warm his icy persona.
He even opposes the constitutional memory against same size marriage that the president supports so ardently.
If Cheney has an argument with anybody, it's with his running mate George Bush, but the pretty angry father hasn't directed any of that anger with the Republican platform he's running on.
As for Len Cheney, who called Kerry's comments a cheap and tabri political trick, what does she call the R&C mailing that warned evangelicals that if Kerry is elected, the Bible will be banned and gay marriage will be the law of the land, high-minded?
After Republican convention, Alan Keyes, the Republican candidate for Illinois Senator, said homosexuality is based simply on the premise of selfish hedonism.
When asked if Mary Cheney was a selfish hedonist, he answered, of course she is. Did Len call Alan Keyes a bad man?
Cheney for his part said that his incident proves Kerry will say into anything in order to get elected, what about the anti-gay marriage amendments, gracing the ballots of 11 states including swing states like Ohio?
Did he criticize the campaign's use of the gay issue to get evangelicals to the polls? Who will say into anything he gets elected?
And two days after the debate there was rally in Washington dubbed Mayday for marriage, the nonpartisan crowdfall of Bush-Cheney buttons was his anti-gay as it gets, that I miss when the candidates distance themselves from Mayday?
Mary Cheney is an endangered species, a gay Republican that can't paint so hostile that even the law of cabbeter Republicans refuse to endorse Bush this year, she's loyal to her father, who's loyal to the president.
Is it any wonder that many people in the gay community think she's working for the enemy? There's even a milk cart and posted on the internet that asks the question, have you seen her? Where's that the internet?
Yes, I'm sure that Mary doesn't want to be seen as the gay daughter. Yes, Kerry could have made his point that homosexuality is not a choice without her help, and yes, the imposter of a candidate's family, some space and privacy is the right one.
But what Mary presumably wants in term of privacy and acceptance is that the heart of the gay community is pursued a full of equal rights, which her party opposes.
It's the people who still regard lesbian as a dirty word, who most criticized the senator for using it.
So here we have it. The Republicans are using gay bashing on a cultural war prath back to the White House while they spin this story so masterfully that they look like the sensitive protectors of a family with a gay daughter.
They've actually won political points suggesting that Kerry is picking on a gay woman while they on the other hand have compassion for the conservative Chinese.
Hot then, they're good at this. Next thing, you know, Karl Rhofen Company will figure out a way for the candidate who sort of served in the international guard to win political points over the decorated veteran for the event non-war.
They might even try to turn his his purple hearts.
You want to see the Neil Roger, who is going to be here on 5.60.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.8.
All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 studio audience members get a brand new
Viva. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new liver. All 276 members get a brand new
Add date time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time
We got about 30 votes.
The third man.
The new polar.
It's up there.
We need everybody to vote on this today and over the weekend.
What's your morning, 6 to 10 AM radio listening like?
30 votes.
I don't listen to radio before, Neil 9.
I listen to Waxi 6.
I listen to a music station 4.
I listen to Stern on QAM 4.
That's 13.3%.
I listen to Stern on another station 3.
Uh oh.
I listen to Paul and Ron 2.
I listen to Air America 2.
You know what we need to find out?
But when did Stern go on PBC on the Buzz and Palm Beach?
I'll tell you why that's important.
Why is that important?
Even the Rock, because it shows her 1.9 for the summer book.
We keep in mind he was only on, I don't know, maybe a month and a half of that.
I don't know what the date was that he went on there.
You see what I'm saying?
I do.
So the 1.9 is divided like over a period of three months.
For example, if he went on September, which I know he went on before then, but just as
an example, you would multiply times three.
In other words, a 5.7, which would be a disaster for us.
My option is that on this pole, not to be a nitpicker, but I will anyway.
Go ahead.
NPR.
And PR put it on.
We can add on there.
Jack into a little something there, although he's probably depressing upset.
Now that we have these shrimp-like numbers, I'll talk about that.
I wonder if it was really that bad that Kaspersik can be in the rest of the day, but it's
just the idea that we've been yanked around again, man, and don't even feel too good.
So somebody will have to let us know what the hell the story was with the Buzz when they
put them on in Palm Beach.
Because that 1.9 is obviously only a fraction, or maybe half or 40 percent.
Maybe about...
About 30, man.
Well, whatever they really got during the summer book.
So there are many people listening to this turn on station that comes in clear and that
also doesn't chop out as much as we have to do.
And as a result, there you go.
I mean, once we get through about 100 votes on this, I'll revisit this thing again.
By the way, just showed the latest state by state pole, even though of course we have
already told them they don't mean that much, but they're carrying a little bit ahead
in Wisconsin again.
Thank goodness he's got to win.
Minnesota in Wisconsin.
He has got to win those.
Trust me when I tell you.
He can't afford to be losing states that were won.
Nobody QA and hello?
QA and?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, hi.
Is this Neil?
Yes, it is.
Hi, Neil.
I just wanted to call and say I was talking about Howard Stern.
Yes, I was going to say, I don't like Howard Stern.
I think you're in for a great job.
You all have a great radio station.
I'm just wondering about who's talking about dropping senior rating.
I feel that it's a great one.
Yeah, okay, great.
WQA and hello?
QA and hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got one.
What about putting on their satellite radio like XM slash theory?
Okay, you got it, man.
Satellite radio you got.
All right.
Thanks.
Thanks, man.
That's the way the future obviously satellite radio.
Major League Baseball went to SM and FL and now looks like maybe the NBA are going on
serious.
Stern is going on serious.
That's where it's going to all be at and they're going to come and it's going to be like
a standard factory installed equipment.
They're just about every car out of the sun and then of course they got to use the smaller
and less expensive units now they can take you to the house and strap on your belt and
do like a Sony Walkman and stick it where the moon don't shine and things like that.
By the way, he's been on the bus since July 19th.
July 19th.
So now we have to feel a little bit better about it because that means July, August and September.
So not all of July.
Right.
See what I'm saying?
So let's just add another point.
So let's add like six percent of the point.
Say you had a two five.
Okay.
Okay.
So if you take the two five and add it to our three seven that's six point two percent of
the South Florida.
It's just in the start of the morning and again with the little no promotion anyway.
Which isn't great enough spectacular number but it's not all that bad coming back out of
the blue you know with the no promotion.
So that would be all that bad.
The only problem of it is we've lost almost half of it to somebody else.
See where I'm coming from on that?
Throttle?
Right.
Where it's kind of overcast in the 14 degrees, 58.
Perfect.
58.
What are you talking about?
It's toasty man.
It's beautiful.
This is the time of the year.
You gotta love you.
Go out and breathe that fresh air.
What's your morning, 6 to 10 radio listening like we want 50,000 people registering on us.
65 votes.
I don't listen to radio before.
No 16.
Okay.
I listen to Air America 13.
That's a good choice.
I listen to...
I listen to Steer and I QAM a dozen.
Okay.
18.4%.
I listen to Waxi 9.
I listen to Steer and I on another station 7.
I listen to...
Oh geez.
Seven.
It's 11%.
We got 12 and the other stations got 7.
I listen to a music station 4.
I listen to Ron and Paul 4 which is...
Well, it is what it is.
I don't see NPR on there yet.
Josh?
I don't see satellite radio on there yet.
Are you working on it?
You need to refresh.
Oh.
Oh.
Okay.
It's so refreshing.
That's it.
And it is mild.
There it is.
And you don't want to have any book.
No, it's interesting because he's got NPR.
I'm voting for it anyway.
Wow.
Sydney Blumenthal writes.
Sydney Blumenthal of course former senior adviser to Bill Clinton Washington bureau chief of Salam.
Donald Con writes.
Passing almost without notice earlier this month the public release of the Civil Rights
Record of the George W. Bush administration official staff report prepared by the U.S. Civil Rights Commission
whose submission is required by federal law was blocked by the Republican Commissioners.
Nonetheless, it was posted on the Commission's website.
This report finds that President Bush has neither exhibited leadership on pressing civil rights issues
nor taken actions that matched his words.
Bush has held the Civil Rights Commission in contempt since its June 2001 report on election practices
in Florida during the 2000 campaign.
Then it concluded the Commission's findings make one thing clear.
White spread voter dissent franchisement, not the dead-heat contest, was the extraordinary feature in the Florida election.
The dissent franchisement of Florida's voters fell most harshly on the shoulders of black voters.
Passed efforts to mobilizers at press African-American, Hispanic and Democratic voters have already reached a greater level of intensity
than in any other modern campaign.
The Republicans in Ohio, for example, have attempted to toss out new Democratic registrations
because it was claimed they were written on the wrong weight of paper of gambit overruled by federal court.
From Pennsylvania to Arizona, Republican consulting firm is discouraging new Democratic voters from getting on the voting rolls.
Meanwhile, the Democratic Party has got more than 10,000 attorneys deployed to defend against voter suppression, 2000 of them stationed in Florida.
Civil rights groups are sending out more than 6,000 lawyers. Bush versus Gore means an open wound in out the battle over voting rights over democracy itself is being fought again.
Since 2002, and Republicans exploited terrorists into the smurts of patriotism of Democrats and midterm elections,
what can only be called a new Democratic Party has been summoned into existence by extra party groups.
More than 100,000 activists are trampling through the precincts, and Ohio alone more than 300,000 new Democratic voters have been added.
Cecil Richards, director of American votes told me these numbers. These registrations of literally millions of new voters didn't just happen they were organized.
The polls nearly also ended even race failed to account for the new voters who had no past records.
They don't measure those for whom a mobile is their main phone, 6% of the population will vote Democratic by margin of 2.5 to 1.
The democracy core poll however, filled the filters in newly registered voters.
Four months ago the newly registered made up only 1% of the sample, one month ago they comprised 4%.
Now there's 7% and rising, and they will vote for carryover Bush by margin of 61 to 37%.
Bush's job approval has fallen out of 47 in this poll. Presidents below 50 always lose.
Bush has not campaigned in Ohio for three weeks so it plans to stop there this week.
Unemployment continues to rise in the state. There is no other explanation for his absence since Stanley Greenberg, Bill Clinton's 1992 campaign pollster,
other than his numbers go down when he's there, his position on jobs is implausible.
The democracy core research shows that the best arguments for either candidate shift no voters.
The deciding factor will be the turnout, the higher the turnout, the larger the vote for Democrats.
Since 9-11 and feud Bush with a mission, he's evoked hovering angels, crusades, mushroom clouds, evil doors, shades of a universe of death.
His imagery includes a dynamic of paralysis before the threat and fervor in embrace of his absolute reassurance and power,
Greg without end requires faith without limit.
Yet Bush found himself on the defensive with the New York Times reported on the closed gathering of his campaign contributors,
where he revealed his radical program for a second term, right wing captain of the Supreme Court, privatizing Social Security,
tearing over national land to the oil companies and more tax cuts for the rich.
Terry was prompted to raise these issues and Bush whined that Terry was practicing the politics of fear.
The next day, Dick Taney projected Terry's excluding nuclear weapons within the U.S. and offered Bush as a savior from the looming apocalypse.
No passion so affectionately robs the mind of all his powers of acting and reasoning as Terry wrote Edmund Burke,
but not even the eve of destruction will stifle the turnout, since the New Blooming fall.
The New York Times seems a real ruckus, correct?
The New York Times seems to be a serious issue, AM.
Pat, the flowers and everything, and if there's anything you need, well, you know where we are.
Ready?
Yes!
Where they going?
Oh, never ending pancakes down at IHOP.
Oh, last time they did that, Jane Pukes of pancakes all over the country.
Right now at IHOP it's never ending pancake combos.
You get these breakfast favorites with two buttermilk pancakes.
Then we'll keep bringing you pancakes free at a time, so you've had your fill.
I'm so full, I'm sick!
Take those pancakes away!
With a pancake so endless, there's no telling how long you'll stay.
Jane, you've been at IHOP for three days. Tell you feeling!
Get out of my place!
I have come hungry, please have me.
Just thinking about it makes me want to hop right over to the magic bowl, you know.
That's it.
Never less.
1246.
Now here's a very interesting statistic, okay, because I'm one of these people that's in the statistics.
I don't know why.
Why not?
But remember I said that the first poll we took on this after Stern was on for a few weeks on the EOS station.
And 64% of our audience didn't listen to Stern.
Well, if you look at the numbers here, the first 125 votes on our second poll of the day for our new number people,
I listened to Stern on QAM 20%, I listened to my other station 13.6%, so you add those together and you got 34%.
Well, 34% from 100 to 66%, that was almost matches the 64%.
See what I'm saying?
We'll listen to them at all.
See what I'm saying?
64%.
I get it.
I'm told we took on it.
Didn't listen to Stern period.
And now 66, whatever it is, I'm not saying number, who either don't listen to my QAM or any other station.
Which isn't a knockout on Howard.
It's just the fact that a big part of our audience doesn't listen to Howard Stern show.
So the fact that they haven't got any idea what time this show starts, what's that all about?
Huh?
Anyway, what's your morning 6th of 10am radio listening like?
I don't listen to radio before, Neil 27, about 20%.
I listen to Stern on QAM 27, 19.7%.
I listen to Air America 20, 14.5%.
I listen to Stern on another station 19, 19, 13.8%.
So you add 19 and 13.8, what do you got?
33.5.
You take away 33.5, you got 65, 60, and 6.5.
See what I'm saying?
I listen to Waxi 15, probably Joe Rose, but also Mike and Mike, somebody fact in, whoever they are.
NPR 13, I listen to M.U.S. station, which we don't list there while 105, the coast, the glove 94, whatever it is, 8.
I listen to Paul and Ron 8.
We didn't put Waco and Jacko, what's their name?
They're a little bit of...
It's a little bit of...
Whatever they did, we didn't put him on it.
And satellite, we're doing none yet.
Wow.
Do we want to put Luxentary on this?
If you want, Luxentary is fine.
If you want to put them on it, I don't want to.
But it does make Josh do something, so let's go.
Well, that's good. Let him do a little work, okay?
And he puts in the effort of a shrimp most day.
But that's okay, he's a good guy, just confused.
Let's see, mornings, what station are they on?
They're on Z.
I'm looking.
I see that PBZ thing there, and it bothers me a lot.
It's just...
My rectum is twitching, just look at it that.
Come on, Luxentan, text the next.
Oh, there they are, from a 5.0 in the spring to a 2.6.
Well, they also...
Wow.
Okay, precipit is drop.
Yeah, but happened there.
That is disaster, but then again, we can relate.
Let's see, for your pool, Peggy, a faithful female,
has been released this show.
She listens to Joe Rose on 790,
and clicks over to see how much after 10-30 she hates Howard Stern.
In other words, like today, there was no China-Minds-Chancellor Peggy
who had been listening to 10 o'clock.
We were talking to ourselves.
We were talking to like about 35% of our audience at 10 o'clock,
til 10-30, for whatever, right?
Right.
Hello!
Hello!
Anybody out there?
We're on!
No.
See, this again goes to show the low-regard,
in which we're held by management, that the lack of appreciation
for understanding the enormous audience we've got over there.
Not just building in the 70 years I'm QAAM,
but like the preceding 21 years in a market,
going on close to...
About 30 years in South Florida.
Okay, there are a lot of people out there who actually like this show.
I know that may come into shock to certain people,
like Maddie Bellinger, and the Water Nuts.
You would never list.
But you like that.
So you can fact-see it if you want to give us your...
or call it, and we'll take a million calls between now and two.
Because the number is seen, the numbers were one thing,
but now looking at this other factor, you know,
the Stern factor, you heard of the O'Reilly factor.
This is the Stern factor.
Even Max factor, never saw anything like this.
Speaking of pancakes.
5.670560.
Tom 560 on the Verizon.
I mean, I think we ought to demand 11 to 2.
Like you said, when we get the hour by hour in a few days,
like probably two is your Wednesday.
And we'll take a look at that.
And we'll see.
And if he did a big number there between 10 and 11,
then you know, what can we say?
Because we're supposed to believe that,
oh, this is really going to help that he arrived at his show.
Because Howard's going to throw it his huge number
because he's on most of that 10 o'clock hour,
and we get, you know, bonus based on 10 to 2.
Oh, I believe that.
So did I.
I thought he'd give us a pretty good goose.
That's him.
James Strait.
But I'm not feeling it.
WQA and Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Man, you guys don't have a chance, man,
because there's still a row of that almost people
listen to him, so 11,
because they don't know what time,
how it's going, goes off, and what time you start, so.
That's right.
So that's 10 o'clock hour.
Right, right, that's 10 o'clock hour off.
Yeah, you might as well, man.
Take care.
Okay.
See, that's a guy.
He knows what he's talking about.
And of course, I'm sure a lot of people feel that way.
Okay, Joe Rose was,
okay, let me tell you something right now, okay?
Son, right now?
I'm diggin' into my drawers right now.
I'm like, that felt like Castro.
No, no, I just ripped open my drawer.
I had it here somewhere.
I guess I don't have it no more.
I had the actual 8 to 10 a.m.
I know Joe Rose had like a six something share
between 8 and 10 a.m. and the spring book.
He had two awesome hours in there
between 8 and 9 and 10 a.m.
and we followed that and we had an awesome book.
So you'll be able to, you know, if you're going to come in
with all this value who, and to risk the license
and put all this other stuff at risk at the line
and have some poor guy sit in there with his finger on the old button,
two guys sit in there peeing in their pants,
wondering if they're going to say crap,
or when they're going to have to keep it in the button.
I mean, was it really worth it so far?
Oh, I mean, granted, it's early in the ballgame,
but then again, keep in mind, we've only got 15 months to go.
In fact, you know what?
We've only got 14 months to go,
because it's almost 8 and 12.
We've got November and December,
and then it seems to me 12 plus 2 is 14.
See, I can't deal with people
and I've seen it everywhere that I've worked in this business.
People who just can't leave well enough alone,
they're kicking ass, they're on the market,
they're just money is rolling and hand over fist.
No, they can't leave it alone.
Hey, we got a better idea.
You know what it's like?
It's like the kid takes a toy,
or somebody is pissed off at anyone,
like they get a call and gets them really pissed off.
And they take the phone,
you see people try to smash the receiver,
you know, the old-fashioned phones that have receiver.
Right.
And they just keep bagging it until they smash it,
until it breaks.
That's what's going on at QAM.
Humpty Dumpty, you know, actually the pieces
through all the miracles of all the different incarnations
of the first team,
and the worst team,
and Ron Hercy,
and Ron Hercy,
and all the other different people in DFO,
and the Indians, and all this stuff.
And we still manage to like keep it together.
Right?
Somehow.
So let's just keep breaking it and banging out it
until we can finally just demolish it.
And I think,
I think, yeah, that's it.
I can hear the pieces one by one hitting the floor.
I hope I'm wrong.
I hope that this was just a one-month aberration.
I don't know what it's called.
It's over come the purging month.
Yeah, right.
I'm ready to purge like I told you.
Big time.
And I've noticed that the people in the building,
not what I'm going to say in names,
the ones that I don't speak to anymore,
because they give me a agenda.
I don't see any useful information here, like the monthlies,
that would give us an indication of just how awful September was.
You see any of that yet?
No, they're in an office or something.
They're what?
In an office.
Maybe they went to lunch.
I don't know.
Well, that's really useful.
And they wonder why I wanted to talk to them.
See, when we need something worthwhile,
some information,
something either positive or negative,
but something that might be enlightening to us,
the audience,
the people who work on a radio station.
No, have to ask for it.
Don't you hate the ability?
Rob says some people listen to other streams
from other stations around the USA.
In other words, like on the internet,
as the president would say.
The internet.
So how do we want to put that?
Internet radio?
Okay.
Yeah, put internet radio on it.
Give me something to do with that.
WDQA and hello.
Yes, this is Irvin.
I want to speak to you.
Yeah.
Maddie Irvin?
Irvin.
Irvin Shinwar.
How are you doing, Irvin?
Irvin Miller.
Oh, hi.
This is Iol.
Yeah.
I go out with that good KAT.
I never did my guy.
Oh, yeah.
I never listened to the hours during show.
I wait until he goes off and I come back on to you.
How do you know when he's going to go off?
Because I'm in my car all the day.
I don't know what time I go back and forth from all the way.
So the LRM.
You have to keep punching that button back and forth
and back and forth waiting to see how we come on.
Yeah.
But you know what?
I want to see the saw last night.
The remember you did the story of time on the urine lady?
Yeah.
Some years back.
Oh, sure.
If they had a program last night, I'll see a saw of the lady
taking urine so that they can stay young and look beautiful.
After all my god, Neil Rogers, urine lady has finally made it big time.
I bet you're going to look a day overnight now.
That's not an hour, Irvin.
I like it.
Keep the work going.
Good work.
I'm a good person.
Keep punching.
We need your help.
Now, again, it's one of these deals where he's got us in a kettle of fish that we can't get out of.
We're stuck with this deal for another 15 months.
It's unacceptable.
Remember that there was screaming and ranting about that?
And then I said, well, we'll just make the best of it we can because we like working shorter hours.
Which is true.
But as far as from the audience standpoint of the show, it's kind of like, hey, somebody just stuck their foot up your ass.
I'm sorry, it's foot up to your ass.
Don't excuse me.
But what?
W2A and hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Hi, Bill.
Pretty good.
Oh, I tell you, Kelly's going to be at the Tamaracta Community Center.
What commercial?
All right.
Bus loads.
If the streets are closed, they're going to be a Jude jam over there.
I guarantee you.
Absolutely.
I guess he's looking for a leftover pastrami or something.
Another note.
I don't forget the wait a minute.
Better told not to go.
The last guy who started campaigning at the delis looking for a pastrami was Wesley Clark.
Look how well that worked out for him, man.
Yeah, not too well.
I was thinking for the same thing.
Yeah, that's a big waste.
You know, I listened to, I would have said, Horwin Ron and I'm a gator.
You know, with him.
I literally, I shut off my radio now and I put it on about 10.45 and that's why I could catch you.
I mean, I'm typical of, I think, what a lot of people are doing now.
Wow.
And I'm in my car pretty much all day.
So for those 45 minutes, I had to dig out some cakes and see these and, or I flip around the stations and stuff like that.
I'm ready.
I'm ready to commit Harry Kiri right now, you know.
You know, I mean, I used to be a Stern fan.
You know, when I lived in New York 15 years ago, but he was doing the same material.
Yeah.
So it was time for me to move on.
It was no big deal when he kind of came down.
I left that line there, my friend.
It's time for me to move on.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Have a great weekend.
You too.
But I say how did John Kiri for us?
So give him a few extra votes.
12.56 is 5.60.
You are a constipated station QAN.
You are listening to me.
New Rogers and Collusive Ladies on 5.60.
So this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones at 2 hour.
You can tell the sea that we're lacking in the form.
Hey, for a time I have my family to find a job.
You say you wish to walk again.
Now that I've only one bit,
you do that.
You go to the top of the street.
You go to the top of the street.
You go to the top of the street.
You should not have left this way.
You should not have left this way.
You should not have left this way.
You should not have left this way.
You should not have left this way.
You should not have left this way.
Oh my God!
One all three, I'm going to tell you.
I thought the other numbers were.
Did you see these?
Well, yeah.
These numbers are, this is one of the most incredible stories in the history of broadcasting.
I've been radio since I was 17 years old.
I have never ever seen such a debacle, such a destruction of a superpower,
even when the Soviet Union collapsed.
It paled into one significance compared to the collapse of the once-powerful sports and entertainment dynamo
that was up until a couple of months ago at WQAM.
Wow!
I hope somebody we know is listening.
I don't want to make you any names here.
I'm talking about...
Huh?
Sorry, I was watching the TV.
Oh, you're watching Curie on Earth.
The French Pole has him with a lead of about ten points, but another survey, Newsweek,
showing him behind President Bush with women.
The reason this is so cute...
Oh yeah, behind in women, right?
Sure.
I'm listening.
If you want to think about CNN, they can fight a pool with even Bush's ahead in Washington, D.C.
If you believe that.
Oh, there he is.
I hope he's listening to right now, because this will make him...
...chortle with amusement and joy.
Man 18 plus.
Now keep in mind that the QAM has been a sports patient primarily, plus the show for the last several years.
And we've done extraordinarily well, thank you.
You look at 6 a.m. in the midnight in the...
I mean, 5.25 month from April through August.
5.35.6.
3.937 at summertime again.
Well, you know, who's on?
4.1.
September...
...a 2.4 in men.
Oh my god.
That's because they...
...stations changes this format.
And really, that's what we did.
We didn't just eliminate move Mo' off of there in Gellie and Joe.
We changed format to the radio station.
2.4.
Now, the morning number, this is when the highly evolved Howard Stern show is on.
And this is enough to make me get down to my hands and knees and puke.
Puked up enormous puddles of puke.
Chaginic that you could...
...like Allison Wonderland, drowning in a sea of tears.
You could drown in a sea of your own puke.
I would puke so much.
April, this is in mornings 6.1.
Now, this, of course, is still Joe Rose in the...
...moe, right?
Moe and Gellie and Joe.
Right.
The old Mo' Joe.
We had the Mo' Joe going and somebody just like Austin Powers stole our Mo' Joe.
May 3 9.
Well, June 3 9.
July back up to a 4.8.
Then August, which was the beginning of...
...nightmare, 3.3 in September.
Are you ready, boys and girls, for a number that will set your testicles tickling?
A 1.5.
Oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, my, oh.
I think that's a record...
...we could be, as a matter of fact, let me say this.
Remember who Frou is joking about playing this?
We could play that between...
...well, listen, between 6 and 3 Am for four hours.
Just from the amusement factor, people get in a good chuckle in the morning,
get more than a 1.5 share.
That is a
Disaster that is a nightmare. That's worse than when we run another station making fun of them
That is pathetic mid days was nowhere a great chase either
Went from a 6.6 in April and 8.0 and men in May a 5.6 in June 5.9 in July 5.6 in August to a 3.2 in September
Have we ever seen a number on issue a man that low no of course that concludes the 10 to 11 hour
Oh
And the afternoon was our only saving grace not that it was any great number
But they had a 4.0 down from a 4.5 in August, but the whole station took a hint. There's no question about that
But this was supposed to be the turning point. This was gonna put us over the top
This was the great pool man even in Latin America. They never saw a bloodless cool as the tremendous is even when voice
Goldie election in 2000. It wasn't a bloodless cool is gigantic is it getting stirred on Q.A.M
Well, I'm just becoming physically ill that that place is like a cancer a cancer
What year morning 6th at the time radio listening like I listen to stir on Q.A.M.
47 we've got 241 votes. I hope we get about 3,000 by the time we sit down here on Monday morning if we're still alive if we can survive this
47.19.5% listen to Mr. Nannis who are listening to us. I don't listen to ready before Neil 41
I listen to air America 37
NTR 39 33 I listen to stirring on another station 33 13.6%
So we add those stirring numbers to getting a 33 E point one or a third
Which means two thirds of the audience to listen to Howard Stern have no idea when the show starts I
Listen to vaccine 19. I listen to a music station 13. I listen to Paul on ancient Ron 10 internet radio 4 on the internet
satellite radio 4 and Lexington. I've got one in the somebody's hoping to see it someday
double votes. Tain Florida. Wait till you hear this talking about numbers. Oh, this is
It's it's I didn't want to read it. It's so embarrassing
tens of thousands of Florida voters are also registered to vote in a second state and
More than 1600 may have cast ballots in Florida one of two other states in recent elections taking advantage of an absence of safeguards to prevent illegal double voting and
Orlando Sentinel examination of voting records in Florida Georgia and North Carolina find more than 68,000 cases in which
Voters with the same names and dates of birth were registered in the two states in
1650 cases records indicate those voters cast ballots in Florida and another state in a 2000 or 2002 midterm elections
The study focused on Georgia and North Carolina because among states with voting databases that are public record
They have the largest population of Florida registered voters the potential number of double voters in Florida could be in the thousands
More than enough to have affected Florida's 2000 election was supposedly Bush won by 537 votes in the thousands of double-dippers
And of course if they voted in Georgia and North Carolina do you think they voted for Gore?
Uh-uh
Not likely. It's a felony for voters to cast ballots in two states in the same election
But those who double vote face little chance of being caught because election officials sell them check whether voters are registered
Or voting in other states election officials and voting experts say they've long known that some voters flouted the law to cast extra ballots and
Appartures and a part tree and
It goes on just on sent law to three we did goes on for like pages and pages depressing
This is not a good way to be ending the week. It's a little bit too depressing. Hey, let's play this
All right
Well, since you know we've got to do something to bring a squad to our face a 1.5 and men in a morning
All I could say is oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my god right
Let's take some calls. Okay. Let's take a whole bunch of calls between now and to make us feel better all right
WQA and hello
WQA and hello
Speaking a nail. Yeah, I'd like to thank Greg Reed for these great ratings
Yeah, and what my second that emotion by the way and I'd like to know what kind of
Numbers when we had the great morning guy on the edge
Was that Reverend Jones again? Oh, I don't know. He just said what was it again?
Is he still there? Yeah, I'm here. Okay. Go ahead
Another still here, but I'm here. Hey listen, you know, I kind of predicted that because I never listened to the morning show before
Mm-hmm, and I was listening to Howard on 103.1 or in 96 won because I can get him both here in four hours
Right, and then I was but I was glad I was gonna come to you guys like that
Well, you know now I have to go to Miami and the morning. I can still listen to it, right?
You guys don't even have hours to show on what the hell you have an hour turns show
Well, you know, you know, you know, you have a piece of a piece of Swiss cheese with a whole bunch of holes
And they're called a part of the Howard Stern Show. Well, right. You can't bring it in there
Then hack it up the way you hacks it up and expect people to like it
So that's what happened. Yeah, all right. I said good luck. I'm gonna kill myself. Thanks a lot, pal
I
Mean wasn't I wasn't I asking myself these things out loud on the year once upon a time way back in August when this
The debacle began wasn't I saying how many people I literally chopped up water down
Plants tools in a million places a version of the same thing that they can hear loud and clear from central brow
All the way up to the north Palm Beach line. Am I right?
I think they're overreacting. Oh, okay. We ought to share it without if nothing else. They may not be good. But at least they're consistent
It's 12 minutes after one at five sixty W. D. Q. and without a hurricane mess we had in September armstrong for the homestead
Has got to clear out all remaining O4s to make room for the 2005's
You'll save like never before on all remaining O4s and stock ready for immediate delivery and you can choose from a whole bunch rangers
Tundra's F-150 pickups
Explorers and expeditions crown vix toruses focuses and mustangs every O4 on the lot armstrong for the homestead has been drastically reduced
And you'll save thousands and thousand dollars plus Armstrong Ford offers more value with the luck customers when you buy or for
For strong for to get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is correct tires and batteries for life
And the value you get an Armstrong Ford goes on and on because now they're offering a free floor to some past with any vehicle
You buy if you've been looking for a new car
But then putting it off wait no longer because they be rich in the staff at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee you the best price
And don't forget these folks are locally owned and operated
They treat you just like family and they guarantee you you'll get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town
In fact, we'll bet Greg Reads life on it. No bait and switch no foe and deals Armstrong for to homestead
There are 307 25 South Dixie highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836
Check them on a web Armstrong cars dot com and drive a little and save thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong
Ford of homestead
You want to see some new Roger's headscores?
Yeah, I'm just saying they am
Friday you bastard
And I like to be fit
And you push it in and push it in first
And if it gets in we don't have to be
And if people didn't have right this one to be free
We'll play the shape
The freedom comes the box for those I right eat
From the tone of a villain or spreading our brains
The democracy at least I right want to show it
Yes
Release to my competition
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I'm gonna go away
Have a good relationship
Come with me over
Have a good relationship
Come with me over
Have a good relationship
Have a good relationship
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
I'm gonna go away
Oh, we're blind
Are you sure?
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit
That's why
I'm a little bit so
I'm a little bit much
That's why
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, In me look at him, looking at him, of hooking me. when I see you, it's me, it's him Be my man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
It's all thanks to you, yeah. But now I know you know what I'm wanting in you, why am I doing this?
It's there soon.
We can make it happen, we can make it happen
Yeah!
We can make it happen, we can make it happen
We can make it happen, we can make it happen
Bye bye bye!
You're going to be a rocket speeder, yeah!
You're going to be a rocket speeder, yeah!
You call this big market radio?
What's all the reason?
