And now QF 9 sports 5 is a few seconds after 10 o'clock.
Yeah, right, as opposed to sports 5.
You go back to Canada, you two bastards.
Okay.
No hand, there's no need to feel down or have no feet.
You can touch to the ground a new eyeball.
So put your glass eyeball down, there's a place you can be.
Half-free flatters.
There's a special today for some fingers.
It's double coupon date if you're buying.
Less than 10 parts you'll find you can use their new express line.
We sell the body parts at UCL-A.
We sell the body parts at UCL-A.
All right.
So you have everything from a phone to a job.
All you need is your phone and software.
You get your body parts at UCL-A.
All sorts of body parts at UCL-A.
You can get a new heart, even ain't on a part.
You can put it on your credit card.
I like it.
Tell it to at $5.60.
W.F. you have a happy Monday.
Now I want to ask you something because the St. Patty's Day parade was here yesterday.
Ooh, I like that too.
St. Patrick's Day is Wednesday, right?
To 17?
Okay.
Or is it not?
That's what it says on the calendar?
Yeah.
In other words, it's another one of these holidays.
All the holidays have to be on the weekend or on a Monday or something like that.
Well, of course.
How else can you party?
I see.
At any rate, Sarah some good news to get started with.
Kind of good news.
Police in the Southern, Pakistani city of Karachi said they defused a large bomb.
A unabamba grande found in a stolen minivan parked outside the US consulate.
We saved this place from big destruction Karachi police officer Mohammed Irfan said.
To my left of vehicle parked next to the consulate perimeter wall this morning.
And when questioned by a police said it had broken down, promising to return to fix it.
Police then found a water tank in the van filled with liquid explosives which was hooked up to a timer and detonator.
Mohammed is supposed to like sports called in and deactivated the device.
Thank the Lord.
Oh, God.
So there's a little bit of good news, right?
Right.
Avoid what could have been another in a series of ongoing tragedies.
Because the world now, of course, is a much safer place.
Now that we removed captured Sodom and removed him from power, the evil dinner.
It's a much safer place.
Just to hide to the Spaniards.
I guess somebody should have told that to the Spaniards before they went and voted, huh?
Yeah.
King Anzar as a president they says.
King Anzar.
They voted him out of Horphus.
I am so pissed off at the Sun Sentinel.
You have no idea.
I'm just forming it the mouth.
You people of the Sun Sentinel man.
You run a newspaper like Greg Reed runs a radio station like an idiot.
God.
I was so pissed off about this whole freedom of speech thing and all this stuff that's going on right now.
With your fascist Congress.
For the first time in my life, I emailed a letter to the editor of the Sun Sentinel on Saturday.
Do you like it?
Yeah.
No, I don't know if it's in the paper because obviously I can't get the paper so I go online.
They got the same letters to the editor today that they had yesterday.
What about a pontoon?
And then there's one about some Jack As from Palm Beach who went fox hunting a hundred years ago in Illinois
and how something brought back nostalgic memories.
I mean, what a bunch of crap.
And I'm writing a letter about, you know, does anybody care that the First Amendment is history
and that we're losing all of our freedoms?
And it's not in there unless it's actually in the physical paper itself.
Have you got one there somewhere?
Oh, come on.
There must be a scum Sentinel somewhere in there.
Hey, Josh, go ahead.
Well, they wouldn't have messed with the front section because there's no sports section.
Well, you understand they take the sports section out and then they throw the rest of it away in the rest of it.
Yeah.
That's what it's good for.
All the youths are.
Although I will say this.
You'll be pleased to know that our close personal friend Dennis O'Donovan has got a letter to the editor that did make it as my my hero.
Do you see Matthew's out of line with Catholic beliefs, the hysterical Venice rights.
Last week, Barry University honored Chris Matthews of Hardball with the David Brinkley Award for Excellence in Communications.
It's appropriate to honor great works of art and would retrieve regardless of the artist authors or beliefs.
However, when honoring someone who influences the viewing or listening public, we cannot disassociate his accomplishments from his views.
Would we honor a popular talk show host who believed that the Holocaust never happened or that segregation was acceptable?
How can an ostensibly Catholic University give an award away Catholic person who says publicly that people should have the right to abortion?
Barry's president and the president of St. Thomas University add the names to a full page ad in the hero advocating passage of the gay rights of them in the state county.
Abortion and homosexual acts are prohibited by the Catholic Church. Perhaps a public explanation is an order says Dennis in Miami.
Oh yeah. They're not his brand. They're a little bit too Catholic light for Dennis.
They're not Catholic for our bison, which is what he's looking for, of course.
Blow it out to your ass, Dennis. Okay, get lost. Get a life. Get a life. Chronic.
Anyway, we had a lot of hosts 2000 and some odd on our pool of, you know, what do you, what do you think was the best remake of hit song?
And the second place, I mean, I went out and I bought them both, of course, being a schmuck that I am.
Knock it on Heaven's door. Guns in Roses wins. 276. It was a tourist race. Nobody else was even close to a plate a little bit of this.
Why not? Why not?
What's that? That was that.
Yeah.
Knock it on Heaven's door. Guns in Roses 276 wins. It's a coming in second.
Jimmy Henry, who still dead.
That had 243. And now I just got through playing about 30 seconds of each of them. How many?
About 30, man. And I can schmit can both CDs because I'm never going to play them again.
And the shim not not. See now all along to watch tower Bob Dylan. And it was on Bob Dylan's greatest hits volume too.
The only problem was it was never hit for Bob Dylan, but that's okay. Well, we'll, you know, humor you.
276. 243 for all along to watch star shot to sheriff by Bob Marley 70. A lot of rush to stuff in there. You know, I wonder if that's because of that the goofball and Fresno, that lunatic.
You think? Nice haircut by the way. What a look. It was a family affair.
Sure. Twist and shot by the Beatles 69 shame on them. Blinded by the light man for man, bad spelling 63.
I will always love you Whitney Houston 62. You really got me by Van Halen 60. Little help from my friends. Joe Alta Cokker 53.
Cocaine are collecting 52. And I'm not going to read them all too many.
I just I just Schmidt can those CDs. They're going to play me and I also got a locomotion by a grand funk.
I'm not even going to bother playing with proud Mary. I can Tina Turner 45 on chain melody by the righteous by this 43 originally done by Al Hitler.
Hi, Hitler.
Kurt by Johnny Cash 43. MacArthur Park down a summer 42. See of love by the honeydrippers 42. And respect you.
The refraith Franklin 41. That's enough. There were 80 million different songs on there. It was okay.
It was over 2000 votes. They had some interest. What is this for my good friend Dick Feinberg at Pompe no Park?
I only caught part of your show on Friday, but I had a couple of songs for your poll.
But you're like Walla Hennessy crossing the finish line long after everybody else is already back at a paddock.
Good golly Miss Molly by little Richard. We made by Mitch Rider in the Detroit wheels as part of a medley with devil with a blue dress out on the doors like my fair with Jose Felicia.
Which is on there by the way that the light my fire. Now devil with a blue dress on is one that bubble like a lot.
Yeah. Just happy to have it here Dick. How do you like that for Christopher? Is that American or what?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Where's the word?
It says. It says although this doesn't really fit the category. It can't resist the star spangled banner by Francis Scott Key.
He made by Jimmy Hendrix. What a comedian. Please give us a push this week for the wonder from down under Vince Silvestro and his hot to try to firework show this Saturday March 20th.
See when April says my good friend Dick Feinberg at Pompe no Park. There you go. Don't forget the Vince Silvestro and it's hot to try to firework show on Saturday March 20th.
Sounds like this Saturday at Pompe no Park. Right. There's a nice little free plug for my good friends at Pompe no Park.
So speaking of those the Spaniards who are a little bit out of sorts would I be a good way to put it?
Yes. A little bit pissed off and fired up. The leader of Spain's Victoria Socialist said today that he'll bring his nation's troops home from Iraq by June 30th.
I'm turning man.
For filling a campaign promise a day after his parties win in elections overshadowed by terrorist bombings.
The surprise defeat of Prime Minister Jose Maria Esna Ahtnar. You know they do pronounce everything with a like a capillion.
Yes. Do you know that? Yes. They do. Because I was watching BBC last night and they had their correspondents in Spain.
The United States. They know the name of the Maria Ahtnar. Ahtnar. The defeat over the conservatives marked the first time a government that back the Westland war in Iraq has been voted out of war.
It's in came a mid-charges that Ahtnar may spend a target for terrorists by supporting the war. Absolutely correct.
Thursday's trained bombings the worst terrorist attacks in the Espanya's history killed 200 people and wounded some 1500 more.
And they're not too happy about it in Spain because they realize that they were sucked into a war that they didn't want to be in the first place and bye bye to a Jose Maria Ahtnar.
Let's say Sean, I've seen serious apologies for subjecting your show to the rock and roll remake poll to be fair. What does that mean? What was wrong with that poll? No. We had a good time. You didn't like it? Oh, I like it fine.
To be fair, much like your QM contract, it looked like a good idea on paper. I will in the future strive to accentuate the negative whenever possible. I don't see anything wrong with that poll. Sean, look at all defensive.
PS Mel Gibson says he won't be pressured to tone down the anti-Semitic theme of Chris Christ movie and doesn't care how many she need you, he be cut, come out of the word work.
That's excellent. And the excellent news for him is he's making $250 million from this movie and he hits us. Keep on coming. Wow. You know what he said?
I don't care how many they go get you what grease ball come on. I don't know what that's what Mel said. You can't forget you can't pal, so I'll smell you can't spell smell without mail. Wow. I'm sure sorry. I said that. Well, it's big of the bombings in Spain. I just mentioned this in passing because we had all the conflicting stories, but I beat by the loop all of that. Well, guess what?
One of three Moroccan's busted and Madrid's horrific slew of terror terror train bombings has links to Spain's fiendish al-Qaeda chief, one of the masterminds of 9-11 attacks. Jamal Zugam, 30 is a follower of terror madman, Imad Edin Barakat, Yarkis, also known as Abu Dada.
A lot of his work in the EDM in Dada, which was jailed in November 2001 for helping to plan the US plan hijackings 9-11 of Spanish indictments says so there's very, very little out of this point. It was an al-Qaeda deal and they sent a message like Joesza and a message being if you're going to participate in invading Europe countries like that, but I'm being hit your back. That was the message.
Pretty sad. A lot of dead people because of El Presidente and thanks by the way Mr. President for those low gas prices. I'll never forget that call as long as I live from some young punk who should probably be horse tied, horse whipped in the hand tied or however that goes. Remember that call? Yes you do. Thanks for the low gas prices, Mr. President. The wonderful job you're doing right. Wow.
Prices for all grades of gasoline rose 1.34 cents a last two weeks to a record high nation what average of 177 a gallon that's for regular news show in this article. This is a what is it AP story?
There's a photo here of a Chevron station, but it doesn't say where and it shows the prices 253 9 for unleaded plus and supreme unleaded 263 9. What a bargune.
1014 at 560 WDQM if you're not losing a weight like you would hope to win the calendar turned from December to an error. And you thought you were going to make that New Year's resolution and really do it for yourself probably because you don't know how to do it.
A lot of us fat people try your all the FADs whatever the latest bad isn't just doesn't work for us. Well balance for life is no FAD. It's the answer for a lot of people out there because it's the premier meal delivery service based on the zone diet.
Our friends at balance for life deliver right here. Do three meals and two snacks every day that's five feedings. So with all that food how can you really say you're on a diet?
Try the real meal service that delivers results based on very serious the zone diet. Don't settle for limitations. Imagine there's no shopping no cooking no cleaning no calorie counting not even any carbohydrate counting.
People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life. The zone diet is proven to lower diabetes high cholesterol and high blood pressure too. In other words to make along sure a store keep you alive.
And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach that here's your chance to because balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find.
How because balance for life is the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices that let you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet.
Like I said they do all the cooking for you. There's no preservatives no additives nothing artificial nothing frozen delicious great goodies to keep you happy and satisfied all day long.
Feel the difference see the results on the scale in a matter of days called balance for life today if they're new toll free number it's one eight six six two two five forty five forty three that's one eight six six two two five forty five forty three or check them out online at balance for life dot com.
Control hours and symbols.
Were you artistic switch when you were there.
Will you drugs back in years.
Neither line across the country.
Half the same again then.
I'm not a resource.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
No God will ever lay.
No big brothers or special respects, but people born into them on this planet.
The break in my softest records are across the USA.
In a Jackson's movie was a hit and that is growing, but cash and still be one of the rings.
Not one has to be chased.
No girls will ever lay.
Faith's great.
No big brothers or special respects, but people born into them on this planet.
Oh yeah, the Jesus Christers are having a field day, man.
Mel Gibson is going to make $250 million exploiting the Bible, exploiting all these curitails.
Nice going, Mel.
Why not? Other people did.
Yes, that's right. Why not?
At least he's going to have to pay taxes on it.
Yeah.
What are we going to do with this scumbag in Fresno?
What are we going to do with this creature, Marcus Delaun, Wesson?
I say, grease him up with Wesson oil and let anybody and everybody once stand their way with them, go to it.
How about breaded and fried?
Ooh, sounds good to me.
Put him on the boiler right now.
That's right.
Clean up that hair though a little bit for a scum of good haircut.
Start to be very neat.
That's right.
Starting at the neck, we'll get that little later on.
I got too heavy played again.
Here's today's poll question.
A little bit more on the serious side than Sean's silly ass poll.
I mean, Sean's great poll there about the hit song.
No, that was fun.
We had a good time with that.
That was wrong with that.
No.
We don't want to be like deathly serious.
We're not going to go back to that light bulb.
Junior here are we.
No.
And be a little bit too Newsy for some of those people out there who are more concerned about pontoons and fox hunting.
Did anybody come in with a sunsettin' little bit of front section?
No, there is none in the building.
There is none in the building?
You think I'm joking when I say that they pull the sports page out and then throw away the useless rest of it?
And then Mo probably steals a sunsettin' little bit too cheap to buy at home and takes it back to Boka.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Maybe somebody on one of these calls has got the sunsettin'.
Well, QAM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Okay, I got a billboard starting for you.
Yes.
On 107th Avenue in 19th Street, Northwest.
Oh, who the hell lives out there?
Give you an idea like near international mall.
Oh my God, nobody speaks English there.
Well, I do.
I get to see your place every time I come home.
I'm driving home.
You're the one.
Me, any update on Joe and Mark?
Don't hold your breath.
Oh, okay.
I'm glad you reminded me though.
Don't hold your breath.
Thanks.
Yeah, the Joe and Mark show has been canceled for the immediate future by QM.
I see on our schedule sporting news radio all week from 2 to 5 in the morning, which is unacceptable.
George and I have been discussing this and we can are convinced that we are going to show out.
I'm convinced.
I don't want to put words in your mouth.
I'm convinced.
Okay, we're both convinced that this is a cost-cutting measure by Beasley Broadcasting.
But there's nothing to do with some nudie picture that was on a website somewhere because let's face it like I told Clarence this morning before the show.
If you go in and put a stark naked picture of Britney Spears for example on Scrooan and Winnie's desk right now,
aside from having to fight off every meal in the building with exceptional freaky carlos and maybe Clarence and Duff.
But other than that, nobody, she wouldn't say, I'm going to sue Britney Spears because her naked picture is here and I'm offended.
No, she'd sue whoever if she was offended, which I doubt.
But if she was, she'd sue whoever to help put the picture there.
That's sexual harassment.
So whoever's responsible for that picture being on somebody's computer monitor, that's the person that should have been fired, not you and Mark.
So we don't believe that story, the story keeps changing, they keep embellishing it.
You know, they're just too embarrassed to come out and say, well, it's a cost-cutting measure.
And so as a result, we don't want to pay anybody due live over.
Not because there's no revenue there because believe you me, the Beasley's are cutting here and cutting there.
Did we ever get an answer about the Boca Bride? Did he ever get an answer on that?
No.
No, there you go.
Talk about a bunch of cheap bastards.
If they would stop giving money to Republican candidates and give more money, the people are working for their radio stations.
They'd be a hell of a lot better off.
And stay given at the 96% of their 47,750-dollar donation so far this year to the Republicans.
Only 4% of the Democrats, you fascist pigs you.
Man, who the hell you people can?
Other than Neils, what website you like best for news and information?
A little bit on the serious side of the day.
It hurt me and me a little bit too newsy.
That's okay.
Other than our website, which we're pretty damn proud of, let me just tell you this.
Not only was I whipped up on Saturday about right in the letter of the editor, I also wrote a letter to Radio Inc.
Or at least I tried to, which is one of the trade publications and it wouldn't go through.
After reading the publisher, well, he's doing this dreamy column about well.
He was reminiscing about how many summers we have left in his friend that was talking about well.
I wrote a letter to the editor saying, you know, guess what?
Freedom of speech has no summers left in America because it's dead while you're writing all these dreamy columns about nostalgia and crap.
And it wouldn't go through.
Well, the pages expired and I tried two different times.
I wrote a brilliant letter. Did you ever do that?
Oh, I'll hold the time.
It had something out on the, you know, trying to send something and it just disappears.
You have to start all over there.
Well, twice was enough for me.
So then I decided to write to the SunCentral.
And they're writing about pontoons and fox chasing fox hunting.
Man, any similarity between the South Florida fish wrappers and a real newspaper is purely coincidental.
That's one of the biggest problems in that town.
I've said that for years.
How many years have I said that?
Factor, man.
We had a real newspaper in South Florida.
Maybe a lot of things would change, but we don't.
We got fish wrappers.
How can you possibly have the same letters to the editor and look at this and must not be in there because they're not getting like a flu or a call.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was on Palm Beach and I saw the white car as a kind of like police come.
I have yellow lights on top.
Yes.
And every time I see him, there's something 90 years old driving it.
And you're called.
Oh, yeah.
It's called coffins on patrol.
You've got to hold dry fast to drive it slow in the left way and you stop.
Bye.
Okay, thanks.
Coffins on patrol.
I like that.
Oh, that's almost as good as Duke canoe.
Anyway, other than the yields, what website you like best for news and information, common dreams.org.
Well, I just put three here.
Oh, I never finished my story about smirkingchimp.com.
I never even got to it.
Common dreams.org.
Smirkingchimp.com.
Tompaine.com.
Obviously, there's a million others and you can fax them in column and whatever and we'll see which one you like best.
Now, smirkingchimp.com.
We use a lot of their stories on our website.
It's a tremendous website.
And I noticed that they're always kind of begging for money.
So, you know, they've got a lot of readers.
But their readers are cheap.
They like for free.
You like self-load.
And so, I saw them begging for us as if if you only give us five dollars a month we could do this.
And so, I went on there and I clicked on to make a donation.
I sent them 500 bucks on Saturday.
You're a humanitarian.
Well, hey, listen, it's about time we started, you know, the right week was manned.
The sky's the limit for them.
I wasn't being sarcastic.
And all these, no, I know, but I'm saying all these limousine liberals talk a good game.
But when it comes to coffin up a few bucks, they don't do a damn thing.
Oh, by the way, we got Adrian Barbot and they get on our website today.
Upside down, no less.
Adrian Barbot, who I never realized she looked that good.
But anyway, she used to.
So, I sent them 500 bucks.
So, within a matter of just minutes, I get an email back from the guy who's obviously the head honked you with smirkingchimp.com.
He says, wow, all I can say is wow, thank you very much.
So, I emailed him back to tell him who I wasn't about the show.
Never heard of this show.
Never heard of our website.
Linkus.
They're not going to link us.
All of the, you know, they all heard of the Randy Road show.
Right.
And you want to know why because her listener is her AK listeners, her 45 Althacocker listeners up there in Palm Beach.
They do something.
See, our listeners, if you go check me out Rogers.com.
Now listen, if you check me online, you'll get 25 different versions of.
Check your facts, Neil Rogers.
Catherine Harris is still alive.
That's story.
Yeah.
That's my legacy on the Internet.
This is the Catherine Harris episode, which lasted about a minute and a half on his show.
And by the way, quite frankly, I wish you would have croaked.
1027 at 560 WQM, are your hungry?
You want to break from the kitchen?
Emerald coast would like to take care of the cooking for you today.
Just relax, walk in here and have a feast.
Start out with six different kinds of fantastic soups and then sample dozens and zillions of delicious mothwatering entrees like New York strip made of order in their sizzling Asian grilled.
Along with a brand new seafood change, Jacques.
Enjoy oysters on a half show.
Leskin stone crab, middle neck clams, jumbo shrimp, scampi, jumbo, what?
Scampi every night.
If you still have room, sample their hand-trap, prime rib and their new Thai specialties too.
I think Josh has found his niche in life, you know?
The Emerald coast, buffet, promotes healthy living, cooking all of their fine cuisine with only cholesterol for your oils, no MSG, no cornstarch, no pounding headache when you walk out of there.
There were, fey features, a full salad bar, the new sushi bar and fresh.
Scampi cocktail too.
And because you deserve it, Emerald coast, if you're a real cow, they have a full dessert station too featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit, even watermelon be waiting for you too.
It's the perfect ending to a gigantic pig out.
Emerald coast relocations for you, they're in sunrise, pine aleta 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue, Northo, 163rd, North Miami Beach.
Also you'll find the newest one at the intersection of Flamenco and Pembroke Roads in prestigious Pembroke pies.
So take the Gonsa Mishboko or book your next business luncheon right now and let our good friends at the Emerald coast do the cooking for you.
By the way, Richard, the Lisa are outfallen fast and I'm not talking about off the trees.
Take out and deliveries always available too, call 954-5723822.
That's 954-5723822 for the unbeatable world flaming Emerald coast Chinese buffet.
Fly in local, here's Sports Radio 560, you ain't at UAM.
I was disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I fellow Americans, we've entered a new era and this new era requires new responsibilities both for the government and for our people.
And realize that for the first time ever we do not believe women should be educated or should have health care or should leave their homes.
People are going about their daily lives working and shopping and playing as shallow materialistic consumers who care only about getting rich or getting ahead.
And this is good for America.
I'm encouraging school children to kill all Americans and we will prevail. Good riddance.
1032-560 WDQ, I'll tell you one thing boy, put those nudie pictures on here and our website just goes...
Nuts, do you see that? See what?
You didn't see that? The thing was overloaded. I couldn't even, I finally just came on now.
Oh, it's there, it doesn't turn away.
Yeah. It's been like that for about five minutes. Ever since I mentioned we got Abyen Barb, I was stark naked there on our website today.
Behind the beaded curtain of course you must be at least 18 because John Ascroft is watching you.
The bad news is he's out of the hospital.
Law.
I can see we're going to do a lot of suggestions. See again, if I want to ask what website you like best for naked pictures? We've got a lot of those.
Other than Niels what website you like best for news and information?
Smirkingchimp.com has got what?
9. Common Dreams.org's got three. Tom Payne.com don't have any. It's only three of put on it.
I should just listed them all. I'll tell you another one that I liked that we should have a link to Media Hours Online.
That's an excellent website. Ever read that?
No.
Media Hours Online.
I just mentioned that in passing Eric.
I like Buzz Flash.
They're good.
Buzzflash.com is excellent.
Well, let's start putting these on here because these are going to call in with these.
They're not even calling to tell me what the letters to be editor in the sunset with my leg.
They're not in there.
Thank you John. Just got a fact from John saying Buzz Flash.
Yeah. And another one.
BuzzFa. I thought saying that maybe your letter to the editor was in there today.
I mean how can the letters to the editor be the same in Sunday's paper as they are today's paper?
According to prestigious unsettle website you assholes you idiots. You will do it to you. You may the ex.
Oh, it's only about freedom of speech. Nothing important.
I mean, it's not as important as those Pond Tune Boats and those Fox Huntsman. That's important.
Line 9. QA and Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes sir.
I have a website for you.
Okay, good.
It's called propaganda matrix.com.
And you know, you type in propaganda matrix.com forward slash links.
It's got newspapers, articles, columnists from all over the world.
Really?
It's a great source to get, you know, like real opinions from real people from the real world.
Excellent. That's what we need.
I'm out of material. Thanks very much.
Thank you very much. You guys doing a great job.
Yes, we are. Thanks a lot.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, George had his appearance over the weekend. What was Saturday?
Yeah, it was. Where was it?
At Eddie, a Cardi Dock. Thank you.
Eddie, a Cardi Dock.
You're the last day of the first show.
I'm going to show it up.
Yeah. A few.
How many would you say?
About 30, man.
Oh, maybe 20.
Well, that's pretty good for, I mean, general, those things are just a wash.
It has opposed to nobody showing up.
Just for you going out there just to get paid and get a few free sandwiches.
Especially now that your daughter busted your old washer dryer and almost killed us all.
And almost burned her house there.
Buzzflash.com and Zenet and disinformation.com and Michael Moore.com.
Oh, man, his favorite.
Look at this. This is this.
This is. This fact is pretty outstanding.
This covers all the territory.
It's got a whole bunch of different websites and it's even got a little caricature of.
I'm listening to the Mo Maian, the Mo Maiester.
Oh, you know what we haven't played in a Koonsaid on a show?
Oh, I was inspired for that because Mo was saying that.
Although actually it's a picture of, I don't know what,
oh, Gellie's up there on top of his piece on top of the muscle.
Yeah, that's it.
He is the most beautiful.
Gellie 8K a Muscran.
So thanks for this very colorful and creative facts.
Michael Moore.com.
Are you putting all of these on there?
Because I know Josh is, you know, I'm not going to write it down.
Josh can do it.
He'll give him something to do because hands busy.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
You got a great column by John Nichols in the nation today.
Oh, it's about, you know, I keep, I keep scouring.
I keep waiting.
I mean, is can it only be me?
Why, why do so many people seem to be disinterested?
That was the crux of my letter that I tried to write to the Sun Central,
which maybe they'll publish and they probably won't.
About what is it taking at the American public off their ass to light a fire out of these people?
Maybe that's what your daughter was trying to do last night.
Yeah, trying to light a fire out of the public by burning your house down.
An indecent proposal, the online beat by John Nichols in the nation,
I'm going to read that momentarily.
I might read a lot of stuff today.
White hell not.
WQA, I'm hello.
How you doing today?
Pretty good, sir.
I was wondering, did you catch Saturday, live or the Sun Central this weekend?
Neither one.
Saturday night, live was hysterical.
Did you see that?
That's the Humpty Dumpty, the past.
Yes.
Was that not beautiful?
The hysterical.
With the little bush campaign, the passion of Humpty Dumpty.
Did they threw it in the bush ad?
They would do it with commercials with the bush ad and they just ripped the crap out of them.
All of the differences is a great job of ripping bush.
Yes, sir David.
Excellent.
Keep up the good work.
60 minutes.
Okay, so it was a good Sunday.
I heard the Simpson, huh?
And 60 minutes too, is all good.
I heard the Simpson, some shots at Ronnie Reagan Jr.
FAAAAMING!
That's what I heard.
Yeah.
And the Vice President's like daughter.
FAAAAMING!
That's what I heard.
Could be just a rumor, but that's the word.
So 60 minutes I also missed.
And they had a piece about the Canadian drugs, which I've been trying to tell you for a long time.
Well, the good news is I got that little later on from the A&P.
White House and GOP forced to take a new look at importing drugs from Canada, A&P!
I like that!
So they're not so bad after all.
They're not going to kid you.
They're not poisoned and they're not from a bunch of food to which doctors.
Somewhere in Southeast Asia.
How do you like that?
Speaking of which doctors, what are we going to do with that Western scumbag?
I say turn his body over to Florence Henderson.
Kill all of those kids.
There was all that incest going on.
And there he had like some of the kids were his daughters, somewhere like his granddaughters by him.
I mean, what are we talking about?
Six females, 24, 17, 8, 7, and 2 one-year-olds, and three boys, 7, 4, and 1.
And who's that kid that they keep interviewing?
Was he also one of that cult, well, what was his story?
Don't know.
Because he looks like he needs at least one foot to solder down on the ground.
Anyway, 21 before 11, we need to add a few more of those on the website.
Would be a good idea.
Josh, I don't want to be pushy, but we need to add a few more.
I've been feverishly.
Because we only got 20 votes because we don't have any choices on there.
Smirkingchimp.com13.
No, it would be very nice if some of the other websites would link to us.
I know that Drudge retort did, which we thank them profusely.
Who's the other one?
Lynn Samuels, of course.
Who else?
That's it, isn't it?
I mean, we're linking to everybody else how come they won't link to us
so that people can actually get mad, whatever.
Huh?
Well, probably because we're a little bit too perverse for some of these people.
We're not doing the pure, all-news, heavy-duty, very serious, all-of-that-progressive talk network.
I'm going to tell you right now, and I wish Randy the best.
That thing is going to go over like Halivan, Saudi Arabia, because liberals are just not into that.
You know, like MSNBC, they thought when they put Donny, who I know, he's going to be the breakthrough guy.
Liberals don't pay any attention to that stuff.
They just don't care, unfortunately.
Just like us.
Every time we get into elections, season, all of a sudden Rush goes back up.
We beat the pants off of Rush every month, every book year after year.
But as soon as it either becomes election year or it becomes a politically hot situation,
right away the Rush people come rushing to his aid.
Especially now, that Wilma ran dry.
20 before a lot of it is 560 WQM.
This is the last mortgage you'll ever need, folks.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, and even zero discounted points.
Get yourself a new low interest rate, amazingly low, just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are only $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are only $668 a month and don't forget.
Once you be financed or get a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
If you want the details, there's no obligation column today, tool free, at 1-866-395-Len.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve that move to your next property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Get yourself that new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group and never ever pay closing costs again.
For the details column, tool free at their new number, it's 1-866-395-Len.
That's 1-866-395-LEN, either in equal housing lender, where restrictions apply, rates are subject to change monthly, 4.21 APR.
My life and loss is a sports radio by city.
We can weigh in.
I'm just like that.
I'm just like that.
I'm just like that.
I'm just like that.
I'm just like that.
The measure which passed the house by a vote of 391 to 22 last week was written with the intent of preventing broadcast personalities from engaging in certain forms of potentially offensive speech by threatening them and the stations on which they appear with financial ruin.
Under the legislation that passed the house defined for non-air personality who violates the ill-defined decency standards applied by the FCC would rise from 11,000 to a half a million dollars.
The final against the owner of the station on which the violation was heard and seen would rise from 27,500 to a half a million dollars.
Before the vote, officials of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artist urged the measures to feet with union president John Connelly and executive director Greg Hessinger arguing in letter to the House members that such legislation should be rejected on the grounds that it represents an unconstitutional threat to free speech and would have an unnecessary chilling effect on artistic freedom.
Are you cracking your knuckles?
No, I'm sorry.
Representative Gary Ackerman, Democrat of New York, was blunter. If implemented the congressman said the law would not have a chilling effect, it would have a freezing effect he explained.
Marvin Johnson, an ACID legislative counsel, said the very notion of the legislation, wants counter to everything prescribed in the First Amendment. The vagueness of the language will lead broadcasters and individuals to stifle their remarks and remain silent rather than rush to run the risk of facing an FCC fine.
Not only will our First Amendment rights suffer, but so will the National Dialogue. In the end, we're left with no clear understanding of just what is indecent and more yet, it seems we will only find out when huge fines are levied on broadcasters or speakers.
So how did a flawed piece of legislation win such overwhelming bipartisan support in the House? The answer has a lot to do with these flaws.
Even members who knew the proposal was bad policy figured it was safe to support because the bills, prospects and the Senate seemed slim and because if it ever did become law, the measure would face a certain court challenge.
Well, that's always a good reason to vote for something, isn't it? Sure, winner.
The push for the broadcast agency enforcement act of 2004, which ramped up after singer Janet Jackson's breast was exposed during the Super Bowl show, represents the worst sort of election year show boating.
It is directed only at over the air television and radio stations. No restrictions are placed on the nation's booming cable and satellite TV in the satellite radio networks and does not begin to address one of the primary factors in the explosive growth of programming that Americans find offensive.
The concentration of control of radio stations and fewer and fewer hands after most limits on ownership were eliminated with the passage by Congress of the Telecommunications Act of 1996.
As corporations such as the Clear Channel have brought up local radio stations, they have swept out hometown programming that tended to reflect regional differences or that at the least responded to local complaints and impose programming and personalities with no connection to the community.
The fact is higher fines are going to do nothing, argued representative Dave Obey, Democrat of Wisconsin. If you want to do something to give communities the ability to stop this nonsense, you will take away from the FCC the ability to broadcast power in the hands of a few corporations.
Representative Michael Maurice Hinchy, Democrat of New York, one of the most outspoken advocates for media reform in the Congress, explained that the House legislation dealt only with the symptoms of the problem and not with the underlying cause concentrated ownership.
Yet when the votes were counted, even Obey and Hinchy voted for the measure. Only 22 members including Paul and Akramin had the courage to actually vote no with most of them voicing free speech concerns.
Another 20 members voted present or simply didn't vote at all. Among those voting no were many of the House's most progressive members including California Democrats, Maxine Waters, Barbara Lee, Zoolov, Green and Pete Stark as well as New Yorkers, Jerry Needler and Jose Serrano.
Congressional progressive caucus co-chair Dennis Gassin, a Democrat of Ohio also voted no as the Georgia Democrat John Lewis, the veteran civil rights activist.
Michigan Democrat John Connures, the reigning Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, was among the members who did not vote.
Matt Scuttsy, while the House bill passed overwhelmingly, it must still clear some high hurdles before it becomes the law of the land, there appears to be less interest in the issue and the Senate than there was in the House, and if the Senate does act, it will be on a significantly different piece of legislation.
While the Senate bill would also raise fines to a half a million dollars, it includes an amendment that addresses the media concentration concerns raised by Obey and Hinchy.
The Senate bill at pass would put on hold the media ownership rule changes endorsed by the FCC in a three to two vote last June, under the provision which was proposed by North Dakota Democrat Byron Durgan and approved by the Senate Commerce Committee, the GAO would conduct a year long study of the relationship between media consolidation and the growth of the number of indecency complaints.
The FCC's move to ease ownership limits would then be reassessed on the basis of the GAO study.
Because Senate majority leader, the anxious bill for its Republican attendacies under pressure from the Bush administration to preserve the ownership rule changes, which are popular with large media companies and campaign contributors associated with them, it's unlikely that a vote will be scheduled anytime soon on legislation that includes the Dorgan amendment.
Threats to freedom of speech may not be much more of concern of the Senate than they were to the House, but threats to powerful corporations and campaign contributors are another matter altogether.
Written by John Nichols in the nation today on their outstanding website.
Nobody cares.
That's the status part.
Nobody gives a flying crap.
And speaking of the Goodie Tussue's chief channel, remember John Hogan going out about, well, we've come up with new standards and we're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
The FCC on Friday handed clear channel notice of apparent liability that proposes a $247,500 penalty against the company that broadcasts for broadcast made a year ago by WWW.
DC Washington based Morning Host Elliott Seagal that were ruled indecent by the FCC.
The proposed fine reflects the maximum fine the agency may levy 27,500 multiplied by nine.
The material in question also were not Elliott in the morning affiliates WRXL Richmond and WOSC South Bruce Oson City, Maryland, which are owned by a clear channel.
And we've all survived a March 13, 2003 live on here interview with an unidentified woman in a discussion of adult film star Ron Jeremy.
When asked what the woman liked about Jeremy, she responded the way he licks the.
The segment was also featured in promotional segments for the Elliott show that aired twice that day on DC 101 WRXL and WOSC.
So here's another clear channel operation WW DC and Washington getting fine 247,500 plus the 700 and sometimes they just paid for a bloodless bunch.
We're talking a million dollars.
So evidently they're doing a lot of looking, but it's not in the right place, huh?
Speedy is less grown.
Yes, Ron Jeremy.
And speaking of cheap channel as they continue making news all of it bad, the city of Covington, Kentucky, a suit cleared channel, saying the multi-billion dollar company hasn't paid its business taxes since it bought J Corps Communications six years ago.
Hasn't paid its business taxes.
They're like the bees.
He's only worse.
Clear channel which reported earnings of nearly nine billion dollars last year has its corporate headquarters in San Antonio, but maintains an office in Covington.
It's unclear how much clear channel owes the city.
It'll also doesn't put a dollar amount on the debt.
City officials didn't have an exact figure.
The city says more documentation is needed to determine the amount.
I don't think that we know because clear channel didn't supply certain documents that we need.
City solicitor J. Forset told a Kentucky post.
Covington finance director Bob Doe mentioned the Kentucky post since Clear Channel bought J Corps in 1999.
They've not filed a net profit return.
They paid payroll tax on their employees, but haven't filed net profit.
The lawsuit says that city imposes a business license fee of two and a half percent on all net profits from activities conducted in the city.
So there you go.
I'll tell you a channel again playing fast and loose for the law and with their money and with the FCC and everything else.
So evidently they're not they're not donating enough.
See, they're only doing 20 80 20 percent to the Democrats and 80 percent of Republicans out of the three hundred and eighteen thousand.
They donated so far this year that one hundred and ten.
Other than Niels, what website you like best for news and information.
This one is going over like a pregnant pool of Alderman, July.
Smurkingchimp.com 18 common dreams.org 10 Michaelmore.com 7th.
Campaign.com full.
Buzz Flash 3, the nation three and media horse.com 2 out of 49 votes.
Pretty slim pickings.
Maybe I'll come up with a different pool and put it up there at noon.
Well, they don't like this one.
You know what I'm saying?
Why don't they like it?
You're asking me.
I don't know.
WQM. Hello.
The nation three.
Oh, yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a website for your poll.
Go right there, please.
Call the net.
I'm sorry.
It's a hunn.
The hunn?
Yeah, HUN.
The hunn.
That's going to tell her right?
What is it?
I don't have a question also.
It's a porn set?
Yes.
No news.
Go ahead.
What do they do with all this money that goes to the fines from the fines?
Well, we're going to have that money going.
Feed Michael Powell.
There you go.
I don't know.
That's who that is.
So there's no sense of even looking it out.
What's your saying?
No, no sense.
I'm telling you, it's porn.
It's a porn site.
Okay.
You're a moron.
That's a fat, fat, fat, fat, fart's brother.
Yeah, it's a porn site.
The hunn.net.
But that's good.
So there's a porn site for all you people over the age of 18.
Anybody else?
Sue screw in.
Okay.
Did we ever find out the name of the bitch that got you and Mark fired?
No.
See, I don't believe there is any bitch that got them fired.
I think that whole story is BS.
I think it's just an excuse.
Just like they were going to fire you based on the fact that I'm another lie.
Remember that?
Sure.
Oh, well, Georgia is lied to me.
I can't have people that are working here who are lying to me.
It's so cool to read.
Right.
I did lie to him.
Good.
Keep it up.
Keep up the good work.
Live and low.
This is 420 by 60.
Way to A.
God you're gone.
This week on NBC.
You're good.
The friends episodes two hot foot television.
You think it'll have sex with your brother?
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Are you crazy?
Patrick is about to happen.
We're going to see each other naked.
Get off your sister.
Oh, my God.
Oh, oh, oh.
Friends two hot foot television.
No one is hotter than we are.
One thing leads to another and...
Oh, before you know it, we were kissing.
Obviously, most is mine.
Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge.
Not advised for underage viewers or anyone uses friend characters to mean.
Their child cat car, adult toy, or Jennifer.
If 111560 WQM happy Monday to your boy, we're off to a real crawl and start today, man.
Lauren.
Must be St. Patties' day, don't you think?
Even here yet.
Scooly Irish.
See, eyes in March though.
71 votes.
Smirkingchimp.com24.
Common dreams.
Or 17, Michaelmore.com.
9.
BuzzFlaas 7.
The Nation 7.
TomPayne.com4.
MediHors.com2.
We also should add a couple more categories I'm thinking because of Fat Boy's boyfriend there.
I don't get news.
I don't read the internet for information or news.
How's that?
That's right.
Right?
It's got all about those people.
There's wine.
You got that, Josh?
Guys, I don't read the internet for news or information.
And what would another one be in the same kind of category?
I don't have a computer.
Yeah, I don't have a computer.
That's a good one.
I just stole this one.
I borrowed this one from the same person that powered 96 that keeps flashing those nude pictures on there from the Joe and Mark show that got them fired allegedly.
See, there's no point in my going through a whole solid dance on that because I get no response.
I get no feedback.
In fact, when Clarence was in there this morning and it's my van because it's beginning of the week we're all slow on Monday, I should have asked him.
I mean, did you get a lot of calls?
Did you get some faxes?
Because we posted that right on our website for people to complain, call Clarence or fax him or whatever.
I never got a response.
Nothing.
Just move them around like that.
See, that's the way Greg likes it.
Not only has he got the weasel on Mo's head.
Absolutely.
He's got a bunch of weasels working there for him.
So they just go, yes, say yes.
So what have you said, Master?
What have you said?
I like that cartoon about the downsizing, but it's a visual thing.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Don't forget Adrian Varbonnickett.
Let's just make a pornographic website.
That's what I say.
Like we're going to save the world.
I sent a letter of the editor the first time in my life.
I get so whipped up to a frenzy.
I read a letter of the editor online to the Sun sentinel and they don't even change the letters in there.
And I can't even get a call from one person in the audience today who hasn't wrapped their fish already or lined up on the birdcage.
Who can find where the letters are?
You know, we opened up that last inside page where the editorials are and on the bottom there are those things called letters to the editor?
Just to let me know if that letter, if they published it today or not, can't do it.
Here we are supposedly a major market radio station.
Can't find the Broward newspaper.
No guts.
Look at Fox.
They got stew guts.
We know guts.
WQA, I'm Hello.
I speak the NEO.
Speaking.
Oh, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I've had a few letters published over the last 10 years.
They may not publish your letter for up to 10 days.
You know, on the 10 days.
Really?
Yeah.
Are you a chronic letter writer?
No.
But I did quote you on one of them that had to do with them changing the overtime rules and I was picking on the Bush administration and I got a hate mail sent to my house.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Because they ask your address.
They won't print your entire address but my particular name.
There aren't too many left names in this community guide with my name and I just get a few people who evidently were Republicans because they didn't like me picking on the Republicans changing the overtime rules for the working men.
But let me ask you how can they have the same letters to the editor on their website today that they have listed for yesterday?
I have today's paper.
I can't speak.
I haven't seen the Internet today.
You're not in today's.
But don't get, you know, I say, what you actually want is you want to be in Sunday's paper because Sundays more people read it and they will actually supposedly, they've called my house when you get published.
They have, you have to, at least verbally give them a release to find, you know, for them to print your letter.
Oh, well, they're not going to, I didn't give them my phone number.
I gave them the phone number from the radio station.
I'm not going to give my home phone number screw them.
Yeah, well, then maybe somebody from the radio station will get a phone call on you.
I actually quoted you in something in that same letter and I said, don't confuse people with the past.
Well, go write them another letter.
Okay, tell them we're all pissed off.
Thanks.
Chronic 56056.
Now he's a good guy.
He's just a little chronic.
Chronic 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lens.
So the letter's not going to be in the first place.
They call you back to verify it.
Why can't they email you?
Right?
Why can't you stop asking questions?
No, seriously, they asked for your email address.
Isn't that the way people communicate now?
Now they check.
Right.
Especially when you send them a letter online, they should email you back and say, we want to verify yadi yadi.
Is this your, is this you?
Yes, it is.
You idiots.
They're not going to put it in their screw.
Plus how many people really read the letters to the editor?
But turn them in.
Like this last guy.
He's a good guy, but he's a chronic letter writer.
And he always try to do something.
We're all just farting into a windstorm.
That's all.
That's all we're doing.
Forget about it.
Just let's look at a lot of naked pictures and have a good time.
And that's all we can do.
I mean, what's the point?
Somebody cue him.
Hello.
Hi, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Rogers, I want to commend you on actually saying something about what's going on right now.
I don't really listen to you say too much in front of my phone.
And you've been really shopping about this.
And I command you for I have a question.
The article that you just read.
Does it mention any Republican votes for that bill or against that bill?
Two, two only two, but there are only 22 votes for a against the period.
There are only two Republicans voted against it.
All the rest of the Republicans voted for it.
But again, keep, but can't keep in mind there are only 20 Democrats voted against it too.
And all the rest of the Democrats voted for it too.
Yeah, I don't know if that you have a problem with this.
Is it exactly if the Democrats are playing politics as much as you don't have a problem?
Sure, absolutely.
No question about it.
You see, it's called spinalistness.
This business about, well, let's not go through the Senate anyway.
So therefore, they don't have to be on the record of voting for what they consider to be something unpopular, which is called smuts.
They don't have to be voting for indecency.
And of course, that's not really the issue.
The issue is free speech, the first amendment.
The issue is a bunch of people sitting around their table somewhere, making up rules as they go along that nobody even understands.
Well, I want to thank you for your show.
It's excellent. Have a good day.
Thanks a lot, pal.
And by the way, I've been reading a lot of stuff.
I'm all for Howard Stern being on the air, but the bottom line, there are two things that really bug me about Howard.
Number one, his ego, this is nothing new, was so massive.
This isn't about Howard Stern.
Bubba loves Bunch, got fired all together.
He's not on the air anymore.
He's trying to get on satellite radio now, but he got canned over in Tampa.
He had the number one show over there.
This guy in DC, he's probably going to get canned.
That brought out there in San Francisco.
She got canned for stuff that got on from a tape by accident.
In this business about Howard Stern's coming up with, he's going to be the next, the Mel Gibson character.
He's been crucified and all this other stuff.
You know, it's garbage.
And then the claim to fame being that, well, he got Nancy, what the hell's her name?
Whitman Schwartz, and New Jersey.
And George Pataki, elected governor in their respective states.
Well, there's an act rate.
See, you've been slapping around with a pig for too long, Howard, with the Republicans.
And now look what you got.
Not that the Democrats are much better, but it's just a matter of degree.
Just like the cheap channel people send an off-siphoning all their money in there.
In the meantime, they're getting to fight up the ass.
Clear channel.
Of course, if they pay their fines in this time, we waste their pay-in-those fees and coming to Kentucky.
The FCC will be cool in their heels for a long time.
Just like the beastlies, the way they pay their bills.
Not.
Fine, I say, what am I getting all upset about?
It's just wasting my time.
Nobody cares about this.
It's the Constitution for crime out loud.
It's the First Amendment.
It's called Freedom of Speech.
And just like that article I read by the nation, which is on our website today,
just like that article said, it's not chilling a speech.
It's killing of speech.
It's dead.
Here I've invested almost 30 years of my life in this market.
But 30, man.
And now 95% of what we used to be able to say and play and do,
oh, can't do that no more.
What?
Based on what?
Based on we just decided.
We said so.
We said so.
And if you do do it, then do do on you, because we're going to find your ass.
We're going to get your fired.
We're going to find a radio station, all this other crap.
Fine is the word.
Oh, we're fine.
Right.
That's the word.
Fine.
As in how much can we find you before we get to the minute?
And I still say, lie make it 500,000.
Sure.
Why not 500 billion?
Same thing.
Just put as many zeros on there.
Just five plus zero to the infinity.
Right.
To the tenth power.
Okay.
Fine infinity, two while you're at it again.
And a public sits back with loop, but like that.
And all of this crap in the meantime, you know, all the mainstream media here.
There's too busy talking about garbage.
And let me tell you what they're foaming at the mouth of up here.
Just like I told you last Thursday and Friday.
The US media doesn't care.
I mean, hockey is a Canadian sport.
Let's face it.
There are how many hockey fans in America.
Because of this incident with Bertuzzi and Steve Moore right off the bat.
Here's Paul Ozzon.
She's talking about it.
Here are people that wouldn't know a hockey puck if they stuck 30 of them up there behind.
And all of a sudden they're making a big spectacle out of that to try to destroy the sport.
Because that, you know, that's big news.
The fact that they're destroying the first amendment.
That's not big news.
The fact that people are getting blown off the air left and right because they're not
to walk into a political tight line on the right side of it.
That's not news.
And again, they couch it in terms of, wow, you know, this is indecency.
It's smart.
It's this bull crap.
Bob and Tom have been doing their thing for a million years.
Stirring's been doing his thing for a million years.
And the same with all these other people.
Bubbid love sponges been on in Tampa for a coons age.
But now all of a sudden what was okay yesterday and all of a sudden today, uh-uh, not okay.
And keep in mind, it's just a matter of dollars and cents as far as whether this bill ever passes the center or not.
But in terms of the regulations, that's not going to change.
We're not going to turn the hands of time back on that.
Got it in my little drawer right over here.
My top drawer.
The general guidelines from the FCC.
I should read this every day to make you understand how impossible this is.
How, what lunacy this is.
Not as well.
In order to be found in decent, the language involved whether explicit double on tonne in you end or sound effects,
must constitute a patently offensive description or depiction of a sex act or going to rexrictory function.
In determining whether language is patently offensive or it's important to recognize that local community standards are not used.
Used to be, but no more.
Rather the FCC considers whether an average adult listener in the US would find the broadcast matter patently offensive
and the FCC will rely on its own expertise in determining the standards of the average adult listener.
To translate that.
Exactly. That's what that means.
For this reason the FCC's held that the actual popularity among adults residing in a market where programmers will not insulate material from a finding of indecency.
In other words, what they're really saying and of a couching in a bunch of bullcrap double talk language is
we'll make it up as we go along and you'll total line.
We'll decide.
I mean that term about the average adult listener in America, you couldn't find the average adult listener in two-edged Florida.
There's no such thing below average you can find in there.
But they're going to end there on the side based on their own expertise.
Yeah, but we know how to forget about it.
We don't care what you think. We'll decide.
Because we're the experts.
When it comes to indecency, we invented it. That's the FCC in action for it.
1113 at 560 WDQYM.
Hey, all you horse racing and poker players out there.
A pomp and a park racing and card room has got all the gambling action you're looking for.
That's illegal, at least as of right now.
Located just a half mile from both I-95 and the term,
Pipe Pomp and a Park is easy to get to.
Best of all, they feature free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday like tonight, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon and drags on till midnight and live racing gets underway nearly at 7.05 p.m.
For a St. Paddy's Day Wednesday, there'll be $500 in free betting vouchers given away.
Plus a special Dona Knight for Greenbears, soda hot dogs and other food items too.
The weenies will not be green by the way Dick Feinberg might be.
Then on Friday, there'll be free drawings to get into the money machine and grab it $1,000 in cash and betting vouchers
or maybe win a raffle ticket for a 2004 Porsche Boxster and there'll be swing dancing demonstrations at the track.
What's a Porsche Boxster? It's a kind of Porsche.
That's what I thought. Porsche.
See.
And the only horse racing fireworks stunt show on Earth takes place this Saturday.
It's a big event every year at the track with amazing Australian dear devil Vincent Sylvester and his horse and be silver,
performing their hot to trot firework show that Saturday night.
Pompat O'Park, a block south of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road for the racing schedule,
call 9-5-4-972-2000 or go online at pompeopark.com.
Big week of racing and all kinds of events coming up this week at Pompino Park.
Live and local, this is 5-6-6.
The radio's on your stop.
Q-A-M.
Yeah.
Get low in.
D-A-Y.
As you seek it.
Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Let's bury our heads.
Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Let's bury our heads.
Oh, you see the big scrap of a sea.
So host, I find what it's for.
Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Let's bury our heads.
Freedom's there. Freedom's there. Let's bury our heads.
11-19. Let's see. We got the bad dog at 2.
Oh, all right.
We got the Hebrew hammer from Shula State 2-4.
Hey, stop it.
The big seven. I guess they didn't get him away from us yet.
The other sports station.
Ah, yeah.
Did he leave?
Yeah. He's currently not here.
He's currently doing a number.
I can't imagine what number that might be again.
Holy cow.
The big O-7 from the Make a Wish Foundation.
Oh, the banquet.
Is there a schmuck in my soup thing?
The Panther thing?
That'd be.
Oh, brother.
In fact, if you'd have to sit with Denise Popman,
there would be a schmuck at your table.
I guarantee you that.
Eddie K. At 10.
And then the sporting news radio,
which we open up a pot and just put a bunch of crap on it.
We'd discourse and,
just rehash a lot of the same old tired sports crap that you hear all during the day.
Nothing local, of course.
Nothing of any interest to anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
And by the way, thanks, Clarence.
We're coming in and giving us a report.
See, all the alley doing a stone walling, that's all.
Just stone walling.
Stay the hell away again.
But if he comes in at tomorrow or moth, I'll find out.
We'll get to the bottom and find out the kind of response
that they had the protest about joint marketing.
I'll say it again to me, it's just a cost cutting move that can make up all the stories
that they want that can blame this one and that one in power 96.
I mean, a whole story to begin with is so ridiculous.
You have to be in moron to believe it.
Here's some more websites, Emporium.Turntpipe.net, progressive review.
salon.com, newsmakingnews.com, and anti-war.com.
Those are some good ones.
You put them on there.
We are not?
All right.
Where'd you go?
You go take another, uh...
Oh boy, did I?
Greg Reed?
George just took a big Greg Reed.
Can we say that?
No.
No more.
Okay.
Can't say that.
I think that's a double entendre.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pond five, six, the audit, eight, T and T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
It's so nice to know that nobody cares.
116 votes, smoking a smirkingchimp.com.
It's a good thing I donated them.
You know what?
Smokingchimp.
Smokingchimp.com is at 31.
I don't read the Emporium.net for news information 21.
See, I told you, we just got that on there and I was zoomed up.
They want to see a lot of naked pictures, like A.B. and Barb Bow on our website today,
behind the Beated Curtain.
Behind the Beated Freaking Curtain, okay?
And you better be over the age of 18 because John Ascroft, if you'll notice the eyes move on that picture.
Yeah, that's right.
That's one of those pictures when you log out of there and you think you're going to go in.
Oh, you better watch, because he's watching.
The Attorney General, even without the gall bladder, he's sure got a lot of gall.
He's checking out, I guess who else is monitoring you?
I'm listening.
Yeah, that one too.
Another asshole.
WDQA, hello.
Not there. WDQM, Ola.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Here, I understand your problem and I understand your gripes with the infringement on your first amendment rights.
But the problem is that obscenity is not a covered speech when we're dealing with health as up the first amendment.
It says who?
Yeah, based on what?
Where does it say that?
Reading Supreme Court opinions and things like that.
And listen, I understand your excitement in your anger because it angered me too.
First of all, let me say this to you, okay, we don't utter obscenities on the show we never have.
Certainly not you, but others. That's why the regulations have taken place.
What does that mean? That's why the regulations that the regulations are vaguen and vigorous.
Nobody understands what they mean.
Is that how you want speech regulated so they don't have any understanding?
You're attacking me as if I'm saying that's the right way and I'm not.
I'm just clarifying what the...
No, you're not clarifying at all.
What I said is true that you've got a bunch of idiots who sit around and they make it up as they go along
and keep redefining and redefining and nobody can figure out what they're talking about.
It's just a got your kind of mentality.
And when you keep narrowing freedom of speech and taking away more and more people's abilities
to express themselves or entertain people in a way that people want to be entertained,
all those people are listening to how it's stirring all those years, they weren't complaining about it.
They were a small handful of misfits who didn't know how to turn the dial.
No matter what you say, it's going to be offensive. If I say,
boy, sure is a beautiful day here in Toronto.
Well, we're not in Toronto. We're pissed off about that.
No matter what it is, you say somebody who find it offensive and that's what free choices
and not only free speech, but freedom of choice, choose to read what you want
and choose to listen to what you want and watch what movies you want to watch
and watch what television programs.
That's what it's all about.
The open marketplace of ideas. That's what America used to be all about.
Used to be.
And you can give me all your pseudo-inletual bull crap and try to defend.
Well, the court doesn't say that I don't give a crap what the court doesn't say.
Because the fact of the matter is there are any new court decisions,
none, dealing with these matters that are giving the Congress and the FCC the authority
to just make up these things as they go along.
One day it used to be always local community standards.
If the average person in the Peoria Illinois founded offensive, then it was over the line.
But if the average person in New York found the same material acceptable and it didn't bother them,
then it was okay in New York.
Not in Omo.
Now who died and made that up?
This is a bad dream is what it is.
So, you know, don't even waste your time.
This is one of those things that I don't even, you know, everybody says,
well, if we have a difference of opinion, we can't talk to you. That's baloney.
But in this particular issue, there is no difference of opinion.
There can't be.
If something's offensive to you, don't listen to it.
Don't watch it. Don't buy it. Don't read it. Period.
Now, where does the obscenity come in?
Where were the obscenities on the Howard Stern show?
There weren't any.
But the real question here is not about obscenity.
Everybody understands what that is. The question is about in decent speech.
Does the FCC understand what in decent speech is?
No.
No, they don't. Does anybody on here understand what they mean?
No.
Well, if they don't know how to how we supposed to know and they can't define it.
And the best part of it is that if you take a piece of material
than you send it to the FCC, they won't give you a ruling on it.
No.
But you go ahead and play it first, then we'll let you know.
Gotcha!
That would be prior restraint.
We don't believe in prior restraint, which is an excuse of leaving that open trap door for you to fall through.
That's what they want to do.
And whether they don't like it because of your politics or because of the way you look or whatever reason.
They just arbitrarily make it up as they go along.
And as opposed to this guy that wants to try to justify,
and you know, I understand he's trying to be reasonable, but you're not being reasonable.
You're trying to defend a defenseless.
And that column I read from the nation, that's one of the, at least when I saw it,
I got excited. I put it immediately on our website.
I thought, hey, finally, here's somebody that understands what's going on.
While the rest of the public is busy looking at nudie pictures on there,
was the nudie thing on the TV in a first place.
That's what started, it was the excuse.
That's not what started it, but that was used as an excuse to start this whole witch hunt.
Oh my goodness, you see how far we've come.
How indecent this is 2004!
By the way, I got George Carlin's take on all of this.
Okay.
Well, that was in the early, I think it was 72, and we had the WBI ruling, the 730 words, right.
But as time goes on, instead of moving forward, and I believe that all those words
should be allowed to be used on here, instead of doing any of that, we're going backward.
We're taking gigantic leapfrog steps back into the Stone Age.
And it's not just the Bush people, Michael Cops is a Democrat on the FCC.
From what I'm reading, and I've read a lot about this lately, he's more rabid than even Michael Powell.
He's foaming at them up.
So you figure it out.
Well, we have to bring things back to a state of decency.
Hello everyone, good morning. How are you?
I'm 27, past 11 at 5, 60.
I'll tell you how I am pissed off and fired up.
I continue being very poor, which is why I wrote that letter, which you'll never appear in a paper.
And you know what? Who cares?
You people of the Sun sent, and you can wipe your ass with your letter to the editor page.
Hey, if your carpets look like somebody's been doing that on them,
if they're in pretty bad shape, maybe your area rugs aren't looking too great.
You're a drape, he's a little on the schmutzy side.
If you want them professionally cleaned, looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new,
do yourself a big favor. Call my friends and drive concepts to the best in the world
and bring in your carpeting back to life.
In my homes for over 20 years now, I've been using drive concepts.
I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else because what's not to like?
They use certified train technicians or we didn't know their stuff.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job.
And then they suck out the deep down dirt by dry cleaning your carpet the same idea
as is used to dry clean your clothing, which leaves them vibrant and colors off to the touch.
They smell a mini fresh. They grind a couple of hours.
Like I said, what's not to like?
So call today and when you do call drive concepts, be sure to have them put you on their stand violinist,
which can save you an extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning job.
Call them today. They'll never let you down.
Like I said, they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the work.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or log into their world famous website,
drive concepts.com.
We're supporting you on 5-6-1-2-A-M.
Miami.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
Love the 32-28-2871.
I guess I just experienced the emotional period as well as how we can.
We get back to being a goofball.
Don't start getting too serious.
You don't get too nosy, right?
Right.
Because they just don't care.
And the proof of the pudding is, I'm glad I added this on our website.
Look what's taken over number one on there.
How about that?
I don't read the internet for news and information.
37.
Oh right!
Give me some of that new pictures, man.
What do you expect like from Fat Boy's neighbor there, huh?
Give him some of that, huh?
What do you expect him to be reading?
Like news and information?
No.
I mean, get serious.
A schmuck if there ever was one.
And his neighbor too.
Dennis and Tampa, not to be confused with Dennis and Miami,
who's writing out rage letters to the Miami-Herald about the real Catholics,
will they please stand up?
When searching for news,
here's the site that has lots of links on a search engine.
newstrove.com.
Got that?
Got it.
Are we putting some of these on there?
Yes.
I apologize for this pull.
I thought it was a good idea.
I thought it was, you know, kind of interesting.
Is it interesting?
No.
Do they like it?
No.
They hate it.
That's okay.
George Carlin responds to indecency uproar.
George Carlin famously dissected the seven words you can't see on television
as a way to explore what everyone was so uptight about.
32 years later.
So I was right.
It was 72.
Very good, now.
32 years later, the same debate is still raging, now fueled by Janet Jackson's Superbowl
flash.
The suspension of Howard Stern's raunchy radio show from Sixth Stations,
and new house legislation that would raise the performers indecency fine from $11,000
to a half a million dollars.
So what does the 66 year old Carlin think of the current hand-ringing over what is
indecency profane of seeing a moral looter insulting?
More the same, more the same.
What are we surprised?
Carlin told the AP on Friday he blamed it on religious moralism, media commercialism,
and election year politics.
The whole problem with this idea of obscenity and indecency in all of these things,
though he say all of these things, bad language and whatever, is it's all caused by one basic
thing, and that is religious superstition.
There's an idea that the human body is somehow evil and bad, and there are parts of it that
are especially evil and bad, and we should be ashamed.
Fear, guilt and shame are built into the attitude towards sex in the body,
it's reflected in these prohibitions and these taboos that we have.
Mix that with radio or TV, and you've got a problem, you say.
What I always remind people is radio and television as it happens,
newspapers and magazines too are advertising media.
When you had commercialism involved, you had the kind of fear that advertisers
are very afraid of offending some potential customer.
They don't want to lose a sale, so they have this need to inspect and clean up
and watch the content in order not to hurt their own sales.
It's based on success at the cash register and yet they're very inconsistent.
On that super bowl broadcast of Janet Jackson, there was also a commercial
about a four hour erection.
A lot of people were saying about Janet Jackson, how do I explain this to my kids
where a little family would watch it together?
And well, what do you say about the other thing?
These are convenient targets, Carlton says.
He also thinks President Bush is trying to plake eight right-wing voters.
Absolutely correct sure.
The US Air Force veteran compared the recent tension with memories of his military experience.
These bursts of interest and decency are just like when you're in the Air Force Army Marines,
whatever.
The discipline in your unit may give little lacks.
People live with it. It's fine for months at a time.
And then some curl notices it and suddenly they crack down, enforcing all the minor rules and regulations.
Then what happens after these bursts of bothering people?
They wears off. We get back to normal, relaxed discipline, but things still get done.
Society can be counted on to let this fade, says George Carlton.
We can only hope and pray that he's right.
That society can be counted on to let this fade.
I think he's being a little bit optimistic, don't you?
Yes.
A little bit, but he's an old guy.
He's 66.
He's older than me.
He's really old, you're right.
Wow, if he's older than me, he's an old fossil.
It's okay.
You'll see one of these days.
Oh, sorry, mister.
Hmm.
A few more of those episodes by your daughter's man.
And you're going to be passing me like I'm standing still on my way.
You already hand with all that gray hair.
Tarnia.
Other than Neil's website, well, why don't we take that off of there?
Okay.
Let's take that off of there other than Neil's.
Can we do that?
That would be Eric would have to do that.
Eric can do it.
You can handle it that.
So I mean, good good good man up there in Orlando.
Good buddy.
What website do you like best for news and information?
Let's put Neil Rogers dot com.
Okay.
At least it'll give them something to kiss our ass with, right?
Or not. Maybe they don't like it.
Maybe they just like the naked picture of Adrian Barbota
that's behind the beaten curtain or something we should have done.
It's a good picture.
What's your favorite naked person site?
We're not going to be starting putting a bunch of porno sites on here, mister.
Now it's probably not a really smart time to be doing that.
What's your favorite beauty?
I'll just mention that in passing.
Yeah, we'll put some BCL sites on here is great.
What's your favorite underage Billy goat site?
All we got to do is put a picture of you on there
if we want to horse his ass right now to what you're talking.
Just better calm down take a couple of deep breaths.
There you go. That's that new diet.
What's that bit?
Oh, the other is ultra slim fat.
Ultra, yeah.
What's his name for the black crow is Chris Robinson.
Yeah, oh, here it is.
Yeah, been on this diet for two months.
No, that's on it.
I thought that's what it was called.
What I thought was it called the slim crash?
Which one of you?
Maybe that's what it is.
Slim crash.
There is a pain.
Believe this.
This is Chris Robinson of the black crow's.
I used to weigh 92 pounds.
I was a calm man.
Then I got on the slim crash diet.
Now I'm a definitely grim 48 pounds.
It's great.
The slim crash diet is so easy.
I have a deep breath for breakfast.
A deep breath for lunch.
An essential Marbara cigarette for dinner.
The slim crash diet is fast.
And look, no more shoving my fingers down my throat.
Like did fit.
Slim crash, the official diet of anorexic looking rock bands
like the black crow's.
From the makers of the Keith Richards Nutra heroin diet,
abuse as directed.
21 till noon we got the mad dog coming along at two o'clock
who's going to be saying a lot of that.
Somebody cue way him.
Hello.
Hi Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Neil, I only have one problem with same sex marriage.
And that I don't mind at all.
But where did this come from?
Where did the same sex marriage come from?
Well, because...
Facts.
That no.
That produces more...
Yeah, go produce this.
Okay, get lost.
Blow it out your ass.
One of your people, man.
Another professional little Julio.
Oh, he's worried about this.
Go worry about something important, okay?
They're turning to constitution in part.
And you're below right.
You're worried about fags getting married.
You idiot.
You imbecile.
At least I let all you Cubans off the hook.
Then you can have one of each.
You've heard a dual citizenship.
We can have like dual marriages.
How's that sound?
They can marry a girlfriend and their boyfriend.
Well, listen, it was good to look at these.
The groups in Romans, right?
They used to marry for procreation.
And they would have like a young boyfriend on the side.
For procreation.
And she would say, recreation.
Watch it.
What are we going to do with that Western oil of scumbag?
In Fresno.
Tell him, fry him in water.
Marcus Dillon, Western.
I have seldom...
Now, now you're beginning to understand.
I have a problem with those roster drug people in Amsterdam.
My lot of them look just like that.
Although their hair is a little bit cleaner than that, I would say.
God, what was it?
And like the authorities are saying out there, Fresno,
whoever the authorities might be, I don't think there are any.
What were the neighbors doing?
What were they thinking about?
They saw what was going on.
They saw this pit of insanity.
Everybody, you know, is afraid to get involved.
Just with the blinders.
I just keep looking straight ahead.
Man.
They ought to cut his cajones off if he's got any right there on Dan Warrant.
He's got a brother tonight, 6.45.
Or maybe on Friday, promote it all week long.
Get a 90 share.
You know, he could replace one of those landmine find in monkeys.
Yes, that's what they use.
Do you mean the ones that Morocco was going to send to Iraq?
That they were showed up?
That they watched it.
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking it's time to do a spot.
And I'm thinking the sooner the better, is what I'm thinking.
That's what I'm thinking.
Oh, man.
And you've got to nerve to talk about the bird.
At least he had the decency to like go away and die.
I'm working on that.
We're good.
Keep working pretty hard on it.
Hey Sabrina, listen, I'll tell you the pop-up poster.
It may be small, but man, that works miracles in the kitchen.
19 before noon at 5.60.
I've been telling you for years why you need to call a volumetric at 1-800-Matrus.
Here are just a few reasons more why you need to call them.
volumetric backs up everything they say in advertising 100%
but their competitors still use lots of false and deceptive claims.
When you see a mattress ad making outrageous claims or advices,
first read the fine print.
There are a lot of lies out there.
Here's an example.
The ad screen, free frame, free setup, free removal.
Tiny print underneath says it only applies to luxury models,
where you have to live so close to the story and be a neighbor.
Or it's for something you don't need like a frame.
Most people don't need frames and stores won't apply credit to something else instead.
It seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to whatever you're buying.
At dollar mattress, the ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers, no lies, no BS.
Every dollar mattress delivery includes free setup and free delivery.
Whether it's a top-of-the-line set or a twin mattress for a bunk bed makes no difference.
Dollar mattress delivery terms apply wherever you live too.
No exceptions from Kendall to Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers,
from OGIS-Tua Ispraming.
Dollar mattress reminds you to read the fine print because they won't let you know what you're buying,
even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what are you waiting for? Pick up the phone right now to do the smart thing like I've been doing for years.
Call the bedding experts who will never rip you off, never lie to you.
Call 1-800-MATRUS-A-L-L-G-I-D-MATRUS.com.
Dialometris 1-800-MATR-ESD honest way to buy a great new bed.
This is sports radio 560.
You way, yeah.
A lot of sports in there, they can choose what they want to hear on the radio.
They're government-only provide strictly enforced entertainment information.
One voice, one message.
There is no first amendment in their country.
Freedom of expression is punishable by law.
They have to go underground or online to learn more about the world around them
at the risk of torture or even death.
This isn't Eastern Europe I'm telling you about.
This is America.
I'm hoping down the Iron Curtain support a radio for America.
Good luck to us all. 14-Dolenoon.
Now, Eric did his part while websites you like best for news and information.
Josh, on the other hand, is probably eating right now?
No, he's typing. I don't... there's a delay apparently.
There's a what? A delay.
Yeah, thank God there is.
I don't see NeoRodgers.com on air. 50 say, I don't read the Internet for news and information.
How do you like that?
Jack asked. 50 said that.
Smirkingchimp.com. 36. I feel good. I sent the money.
Common dreams.org26. Michaelmore.com.20. BuzzFlaz17, the Nation 15. MediaHorrors.com.net.6.
Campaign.com.6. Fill the void.net.5. Salon3. And none for news. Trove. Anti-war.com.
Newsmaking.News.com or Emporium.Turve. Whatever that is. None. I don't want to be five.
So as we see NeoRodgers.com on air, we get a few votes.
Five, three, two, one.
I've been having trouble refreshing like we're being overloaded or something.
Yeah. I've had that sporadically throughout the day because of that beautiful Adrian Barbot picture.
Who would have thought that? Yeah. I never would have thought that.
If you would have just said to me without having the picture on air or putting Adrian Barbot on air,
it's crazy. Yeah. She used to be quite the honey. Wow. Get the honey, junior.
Okay.
Oh, that is a shocker. And I bet there's going to be a lot of our audience knowing our crowd.
It's going to be like standing on their head.
Seriously, what they're going to do is to take their monitor and put it on the floor.
And they'll stand on their head.
No, no, so they can see right side up. Right? Right. You can rotate the picture with that.
No. That's no fun. That's no fun. The stand on you. Hey, man.
So anyway, NeoRodgers is on there. You just might have to refresh it considering the,
I see the nature of things. Considering the nature of things. All of these things.
Let's see. It isn't not doing too well yet. I don't see much.
Oh, no votes. I mean, it's just, you know, oh, there it is.
Just one on it. It's got one. I got one. How come you're capitalizing these things?
Well, I said that Josh drives me nuts. I think that's the way they're, I don't know, old script brain there.
Huh? Now, that's the way they're what? When is the last time you went to you typed in a website
and you put capital letters on the name like Michael Moore dot com.
I capitalize the second. Oh, in Michael Moore when I type it in.
Do you know? Oh, oh, oh, five six seven, oh, five 60 pound.
I'm, I'm all through with this. You know what I mean? I'm going to calm down.
I had my period. No, no, no, I'm serious. There's no point.
I wrote a letter to the editor, which I'll never do again.
And I just got all whipped up into a frenzy. I sent five hundred bucks away,
which I'll never do that again. Either could have bought you probably a half of a washer or dryer.
Oh, thanks. I still make a spec now.
Now just go ahead and get it. I'll take care of it.
It's a bonus. No, it's a bonus to George. I'm going to buy you get the best washer and dryer.
Give me a semi the invoice and I'll pay for it. How do you like that? I think I might cry.
How do you like what? What a hell of a guy I am. That's me. Thank you. I think I might.
No, seriously, I'm making a few bucks here. One thing you never hear me complain about is how much they're paying me.
In fact, if they're dumb enough to pay me this, I'll be more happy to take it.
But I mean, go ahead. So least I can do. I love you.
No, you don't say that. Oh, please don't say that. Oh, jeez.
It's a manly sort of way. I don't want to even know womanly sort of way.
I don't want to be glad to be far away from it.
1200 miles in far enough. Well, I don't think I'm coming back there anytime soon.
See what?
Jeff says the ultimate news junkie site is refdesk.com.
Are you have to eat the desk refdesk.com. Use an international news. Oh, yeah, that is a good one.
And I never checked it out. Newspapers, wire services, calmness, magazine, journals. It has everything.
Jack, Jack, I did it. Have you heard the book coming out tomorrow called the House of Bush House of Saw?
They have been extra pting it in salon. It doesn't look like anything new to those like you have taken the time to put things together from different non mainstream sources.
But it appears to do this neatly for general public. Here's a picture of the cover Craig Unger, UNGER, probably no relation to Gary Unger, the former Detroit Redmond Hockey player.
Craig Unger, House of Bush House of Saw. The secret relationship between the world's two most powerful dynasties.
I'm going to go on by that right now. It's coming out tomorrow like I said tomorrow. Wow.
And again, even if you do know all this stuff, how many times have I told you about the relationship between the bushes and the binladens and the whole bunch of quirks over there in Saudi Arabia?
That's where the Chigurina Wood pile is boys and girls in Saudi Arabia and in Pakistan.
Make no mistake about it. In the meantime, we went in there to Iraq.
Baby launch a couple missiles toward a place we know.
Oh! And aim a madame fella whose first name begins with a...
Oh! There's one thing we all understand.
Better watch it, Digo. They're coming after you baby.
Oh!
That's the movement correction.
That's the movement.
That's the movement.
But special forces are some tires of jumping through them.
You pull and you need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
How great an easy nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop pussyfoot and go blow up?
I'm really happy.
Absolutely.
Okay, here's one of your people. Georgian Miami with the J of course.
Be fair and balanced. Newsmax.com.
I have no problem with putting that on there. It's the right wing piece of crap.
But we have right wing like this George guy in Miami, like your people.
Sure. Come on east out. Come on east out. Come on in. It's so old and ponderous.
Man, that's one of the reasons that we're farting into a wind storm.
I get all whipped up about this stuff is because right off the bat you can eliminate half the population in South Florida.
Because it's all at the, you know, it's all the same crap.
It's all at Miguel Escobar stuff.
If he catch my drift, it's pop-low.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the HCNC and Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm serious about that washer. Go ahead and get it.
Thank you. Again.
Get a real good one. I don't want to like a no second hand crap.
Ken Moore, they install it.
Let's see. I don't read the internet for news information 54.
SmirkingChimp 36, common dreams.org26, buzzflash.com, which is very good 21.
The only thing about buzz bad, I don't want to go into it.
Michael Moore, 20, what?
Theorodges.com16. We're moving up the nation 15. See, I didn't want to put us on here because it sounds like we're panning ourselves on a back to the front.
I don't like that. Why not? Why not? Nobody else will. WQA and hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir. Neil.
How you doing? Good. How are you?
Excellent. I just wanted to give you a website.
Okay.
Farc.com?
Farc?
Yeah.
I don't think I want to give you a... can you say that?
F-A-R-K?
Yeah. It's a really good website. It's got a lot of news and it's got boobies and weeners.
Categoriana too.
I see. Yeah. It's a little something for everybody.
Yep.
Okay, thanks, Pali. All right.
Farc.com, look it up real quick and see if we want to put that on there.
Josh's did.
And?
Well, my computer's a little slow. You have to bear with me.
Oh, I see. That's right. You got that real good one in there.
Oh, well, like I said, now, speaking to your computer, what's the latest...
As you're hearing in this...
As you're hearing in this...
Have it. They're going to have it.
But, yeah. I'll take it to... probably wind up taking it back to the best spot.
That would probably be the best thing.
The best. Yeah.
Yeah. If you're going to leave it to our QM engineering department, I mean, you know,
they got a lot of important fish to fry.
And when they're done eating them and solving them.
Let's see, Farc.com, don't forget to wear a green. It's the Irish.
Here's some hot babes. Here's...
The EC is set to blow 50 million euros attempting to clean up the internet.
Oh, here's some good stuff.
All kinds of... and it's got links to the BBC and Yahoo News and SF Gate.
And Reuters, all kind. This is an excellent website.
Thanks, Pally.
Farc.com.
Now, I don't know if we can... can we say that?
Just be really careful how you...
Just be careful. I'll use it. For example, you wouldn't want to say Farc, you. That would be better.
No.
Although I do understand in North Dakota, there's a university called Farc, you, isn't it?
Where's it Fargo? You. Something like that.
Gotta be very careful now, Neil. You've got to articulate it and not see it.
Because the word police are standing by.
Just waiting for you to mess up. That's right. Just waiting for you to soil your pantalonies.
I think that was a currently intended double-entined...
Put that the newsmax.com. No, it was a single-entined.
Okay? So, like, if I want to say Michael Powell is an asshole, that's not double-entined.
That's a single-entined.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, what you hear is what you get. When you look at his big fat...
Back to Mass. What you see is what you get.
In fact, you can see Michael Powell right there on our website.
It's a lovely picture. And I love them. Pumpseys wearing too.
Four minutes till noon at five, six...
No, no, let me just say this. I know this is laughable.
But has anybody in the radio station not connected with this show ever come into that studio and said,
Boy, you guys sure have a great website.
See? I know I should make you laugh.
It's funny your house standing, you're burning down last night. I know I can give you a good chuckle.
Yeah. No, we've heard it. Oh, we're not going to link up with you anymore.
We wanted off the QM website because number was not meant to.
It's filthy and it has them. It was forced.
Okay, good.
No, what we have heard...
Yeah.
...is anytime that we suggest something like if we use the word computer around anyone...
Yeah.
The... the... the... the powder-lift-the-folded arm.
It's just so that you can work on that website of yours.
...of yours.
Yeah, the website of ours where we get more hits in an hour than the QM website gets in a year.
And Josh, you can verify that.
How many hits you get a week at QM.com?
About 30 minutes.
Yeah.
Let's bring it to savings right now and save like never before.
We've heard a new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
There on US1, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you are...
...because they're going to save you a cramp load of cash on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great lease deals waiting for you right now.
An O4 camera, your four runner, for just 269 bucks a month from 48 months.
How about an O4 high-munder for just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America?
You pay only 179 bucks a month or 48 months, chunk change.
These are just some of the savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
And now with those toll increases on the turn pack on people using cash,
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead will give you free sun pass when you get your new car or truck at their joint.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota two-day.
So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference.
They're locally owned, locally operated, committed to 100% customers have inspection.
They'll even stand on your head and their head too to make sure you can see Adrian Barbot.
Their service department is open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done and done right.
Easy to get there. They're at US 1 and 2.93th Street in Homestead.
Just 20 easy minutes out of the 836 if you step on it even shorter than that.
So don't waste your time with those mega dealers or car giants who always over promise an under deliver
and get your other dealerships under false pretense called David Rich, the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead at 305.
242.3247.
That's 305.242.3247.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
My, my, and local, we're sports radio 560.
You, a, m.
This is Dick Cheney.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-Hpln hour beeping.
Hey.
The world's the least they've all survived.
The world's the least nobody's the most I've ever seen.
The world's the least most we have to judge in Homestead.
So right, we're not 1, 2, Pro, Jack is from ourself.
You've got a wife, one, you, say you better or else.
You'll best stand, you'll best stand.
The word funny, I'm on a journey.
Every day I feel what I say and find me.
Why can they say this, come on, please, please.
You are highly, however you're a technical, printed values,
if you do not invest in being the subversive brain baker,
we will kill you in the name of Jesus.
You will live as we say, not as we do.
The world's the least they've all survived.
The world's the least I've ever seen.
The world's the least they've all survived.
The world's the least they've all survived.
The world's the least they've all survived.
Pummel 3 at 560 WQM, there's a little pause there
because I'm trying to log on to the hero.
So I can vote again on their poll on boxing.
When I voted the first time this morning,
they had four votes on their poll.
This is the prestigious Miami hero.
You ready for that?
Okay.
One of those four votes was mine.
But now, later, I checked on there again
and I see how the progress was coming.
They had 15 votes, two of them were mine.
Now, let's see if this poll is still on.
What is this hero website?
What is this story with them?
Huh?
They suck.
The hero, of course, the Sun Centrel goes without saying.
It's like with Tom Jike, that's story about Waxi 710
and I put it out on the hero.
And you know what Tom listens religiously
to show every minute of every day.
Tom was turned into a decent guy lately.
I don't know what guy.
I think it was my doing.
I got him religion.
Sure.
But anyway, they had a mistake on there.
Waxi, of course, is 790 and we know that
because we hoard them out.
I mean, we use them for a lot of our double ball games
like Wednesday night when we have the,
that's the, uh, Marlon's Dodgers.
They're the bath mat when the tub overflows.
That's right.
Oh, let's see.
How do you feel about the sport of boxing?
It's a great sport and, uh, even if it has dangers, no.
It's a barbaric practice.
It should be banned.
I think I'll vote for that one again for the third time.
Let's see how many votes on the prestigious Miami hero
website so far today.
Let's see.
Here we go.
Let me enlarge this baby.
Uh, and keep in mind, the hero comes out.
What about six in the morning, five in the morning?
Okay.
Guess how many people have voted so far, George?
Time.
88.
Oh, 88.
Three of those are mine.
Oh.
Fifteen say it's a great sport, even if it has dangers.
Forty-five say it's a barbaric practice.
It should be banned.
And it's a legitimate sport, but it is in either some safety
before it was 28.
Out of 88 votes in a prestigious hero.
You know, I go to all these different websites and every day,
you just click on just to see how the polls are coming.
You know about Bush and Kerry or whatever.
And there's like so many thousand here and so many hundred there.
88 votes on the Miami hero website.
Woo!
Heavy duty, man.
I mean, we're doing not well because they don't like the pool question.
But what do we got in just a couple of hours?
249.
Mm-hmm.
And if they like the pool, we'd already have like 549.
At least like a hundred an hour when it's, you know, something they like.
Something they like, which is not this.
Well, we did 2,000 over the weekend on the music thing.
We'll bring that back.
Music, come on.
Let's go.
Here we go.
All right.
Let me see.
Never thought it'd do when I'm praying.
There's now.
Oh!
You're the only one who looked up the most.
I know you get to like it if you give it a chance now.
You're the only one who looked up the most.
Well, the only thing we're looking to do with these is
the music of the night.
Oh, baby, see.
So come on, come on, do the other one.
Do everything.
No.
I like Carlyman Oak-Vitter.
I like that.
What's the little Eva, huh?
I like that's my favorite one.
Grand Funk?
Yes.
Why do you say that?
Because it's, uh, it's Balsey.
Like I said, you know that washer?
Oh, it's already a button.
Thank you very much.
Is it really?
Yeah, she already ordered one this morning.
I told her to.
So she got a reasonably priced, uh,
also in other words, say, well, yeah, but why did you get a reasonably priced?
You should have got the top of the line, man.
You got one that was suitable, uh, and there you go.
So thank you very much.
815.
We'll take it.
815 bucks?
Yeah.
That's, that's under a grand.
It's too cheap.
That's, that's what we need.
Thank you very much.
We'll take you.
You're welcome.
BBC.co.uk.
BBC News Online.
BBC.co.uk.
Which we have a, um, a link to that.
It's a great website.
Here's some right-winged that we got out there who reads only two,
the smoking gun and the drug report.
You got those?
Got them.
And also let's put the drug retort,
which is a million light years better than the drug report.
And also, uh, you know, we got a link to that and they got a link to ours,
which we like a lot.
Thank you guys whoever the hell you are.
Oh, you're going to love this speaking of a right-wing lunatics.
US President George W. Bush has marked International Women's Week
by paying tribute to women reformers.
But one of those people he said it is really a man.
That's a man, I be.
Earlier today, the Libyan government released Fatih Jami.
She's a local government official was imprisoned in 2002,
for advocating free speech in democracy.
The president said in the speech at the White House on Friday,
the only problem was that by all their counts, she, in fact, is he.
He can't tell the difference.
Definitely, males said, Alistair Hodja,
they spoke to him for the Human Rights Advocates,
a group, Amnesty International,
who's representatives tried to see Jami in prison during a recent visit to Libya.
I wonder if she was wearing her.
Jami?
I mean him.
The US House Committee on International Relations Listed Jami
is a 62-year-old civil engineer who was sentenced to five years in prison,
after he reportedly stated during a session of the People's Conference
that a reform within Libya would never take place in the absence of a Constitution pluralism and democracy.
It remarks before a VIP audience, Bush cited Jami as a courageous reformer,
along with An-Sansu Ki, the woman in democracy icon of Nobel Peace Prize laureate
living under House arrest in Myanmar, which used to be Burma.
How did you pronounce that?
Me and Mar, my Island.
That's how I've been cited.
I say Burma.
It's just like Sri Lanka.
Who wants to say that when you say, say,
say, Laan?
Right, that sounds so much better.
Right?
I'll say Laan back in the great days of the Bride Empire.
Oh, yeah.
Deja and stuff.
Oh, everybody was repressed.
Kind of like America is today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, in fact.
I'll tell you one thing, as so he is they are.
Let's bring the Brits back.
Now I forgot.
As soon as we get Tony Blair.
Pretty damn sad.
Oh, here's our most chronic factor of the mall.
What's the name of the Bush been laudin' book and after coming out tomorrow?
All the facts that actually make some sense for a change from a...
Now this person is a... needs help.
The name of the book is How's your...
How's your Bush?
How's your child?
SAED.
It's written by Craig Unger, UNGER.
In fact, tonight, in the case is going to be given to the Overs and Ungers.
On how much it's going to cost by the book.
The secret relationship between the world's two most powerful dynasties.
I'm going out there tomorrow.
I have two o'clock soon.
This show is over.
And I'm going to grab me a copy and I'm going to lock myself in and just pour and scour over that thing.
Don't read too much at once.
You'll get all upset.
Yeah, you're right.
WQM, hello.
That's that line one again, man.
See, that's the anti-Cleast line.
WQM, hello.
Is this Neil Rogers show?
Yes, it is.
May I speak with Neil?
You're speaking to him.
I just want to make a comment about censorship.
Yes.
All of this stuff that's going on with freedom of speech and how it's done.
No one is thinking about that this is national censorship.
What do you mean by that?
Well, in other words, people are making choices for you.
They're choosing what you are able to read.
What you were able to read.
And this has been going on.
When Walmart decided they would only sell certain CDs.
This is censorship.
How about one blockbuster censors the DVDs this year?
Absolutely.
But people are not realizing that just because it's okay with them at one point doesn't mean
some but the national government or some local government isn't going to decide that you are not going to be able to read what you want to read.
Why do you want to read?
They're already doing that.
Well, I know.
But what I'm saying is it's continuing and nobody is stopping it.
Nobody is outraged.
Well, this is what I keep saying.
It's astonishing.
It's shocking to me and it takes a lot to shock me to see the way the first amendment is being trashed.
And the media and the public are just kind of sitting back and rolling over and they're too busy with important stuff like professional wrestler.
Well, what happens is the Janet Jackson thing.
If you don't like it, turn it off.
If you don't like how it's done, turn it off.
If you don't like me or Raj's, turn it off.
If I don't want to read a certain magazine, I don't buy it.
Right.
The thing with here is an interesting point.
WC CBS, Kirk Roth, Martin Pistore, because he's a convicted felon.
Right.
Does that mean that CBS will no longer have any convicted felon on any of their shows?
Well, does it also mean that OJ Simpson was convicted in the Civil Court?
Does that mean they're going to stop showing all those movies that he was in?
Exactly.
Exactly.
And I don't understand the outrage.
I bet the lack of it.
This is what happened in any case where not the Germany, for example, people prefer to rise and say,
well, this isn't affecting me.
And then that old story by the Revlin that said, I turned my head, I closed my eyes.
And then when it happened to me, there was no one there.
Nobody left to come to me.
That's right.
And this is exactly what this is found high all over.
You know, burning of drugs, censorship in the library.
The thing is, if I didn't like your show, I wouldn't listen to it.
Very simple.
If I don't like your topic, I turn it off.
Right.
It's the same thing socially.
If I don't like you, I don't invite you to my home.
Mm-hmm.
You know, if I don't like a product, I don't buy it.
It's very disturbing to me.
And freedom of choice is the one thing we have.
No, no, the one thing we used to have.
So, you know, I can't get people stirred up.
They don't care.
It's a very sad commentary about closing your eyes today.
And is it afraid? Are they afraid?
Are they afraid to say, you know, let somebody be on TV or red-climb?
It's how it's doing.
If you don't like it, you're on the central.
Right. Well, the day of activism in America is dead.
That's the problem.
If this would happen in the 60s or 70s, you'd see college students protesting by the millions.
You'd have the million-zillion-person march.
But now nobody cares anymore.
They just don't care enough to send their very best or worst.
Well, and they have to start looking at who is they voting into office.
Who is they supporting?
Who are they saying I want you to represent me?
Well, let me say this.
You won 391 to 22 vote in the House to pass the so-called indecency bill.
When only 22 people have got the guts to vote against it, that tells you they'll make too much difference.
Well, and they're swayed out. I'll see you at the border. I've got to run.
12, 14 at 5, 60 WQM. How's your New Year's resolution going?
Oh, it's the middle of March. But, boy, by now, a lot of people should have lost some serious way to be lost.
No.
And the reason being that all of the FAD diets, I mean, you know, they can work for a few weeks for some people.
For some of us, they don't work at all.
Balance for life isn't a FAD.
It's the premier meal delivery service based on the zone diet bringing you three meals and two snacks right here during every day.
And with all that food in there, with five feedings in that sack,
how can you say you're on a diet? The food is fresh, it's delicious.
You get to choose between two choices for each meal every day that you run a program.
So try the real meal service that delivers results based on Dr. Beres's year zone diet,
don't settle for limitations. Imagine there's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning,
no calorie counting, no carb counting, no nothing.
People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month in balance for life.
The zone diet's proven to lower diabetes, high cholesterol and high blood pressure, so what's not to like?
So if you're frustrated, if you tried all the others and failed,
you really ought to owe it to yourself to try balance for life.
And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance.
Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices
that you go from phase one, right to phase three of the South Beach diet.
Feel the difference, see the results on the scale each and every day.
Call them tool free today and get started right away.
1-866-225-4543. That's 1-866-225-4543 or check them out online at balanceforlife.com.
My life and local, this is 4356-2-A.
It reminds me of my mother.
Oh!
If anybody has a opinion,
the stenting from all way will place your name into the system and send a me out the state.
Don't even bother to question, just follow and don't say.
Everybody's finding classes, classes to stay.
In the end of history is a bomb.
You're watching all of you.
Everyone got the best vision.
So much what you do.
This has its formation.
And all you might learn.
In bush, struggle and nation,
Facha USA.
Yes, I'd hate those Jews.
And Clinton's liberals too.
Believe everything we tell you.
And the stenting run new.
Bloodworn, four gold men.
Fill up your escalade.
A roof and chainy bush venue.
Facha USA.
We don't mind you see our jobs go.
But by the time that is good,
we're fascinated by jail.
Don't read no stupid books.
All the hours in prison.
The tax of virgins wait.
Everybody's turning five years.
Facha USA.
Funny past noon.
I'll tell you one thing.
We're still famous for Catherine Harris.
I heard her room by the way that she just stubbed her toe.
Yeah.
The wonders of the internet, man.
I notice a lot of postings on here about this thing.
Check your sources, Neorodgers.
About Catherine Harris not dying in that plane crash.
Some interesting stuff on here.
It says Phil Henry is a reliable news source question mark.
Which one of his voices provides that luxury?
Margaret.
It says I'd like to know Catherine Harris is the bitch
who helped steal the election in 2000 and put the fourth right in office.
I'm still ticked off the story was wrong.
Neal Goddard says.
And you know who posted this?
Oh no you're going to die when you see this.
Of course we can't believe it.
You know what it says there?
I give up.
Posted by Paul Castronova.
February 13th 2004.
That's what it says.
No, no.
Do you believe that he's as lifeless as all that?
No, because you want to know what the next one says?
What?
I used to listen to that Henry fellow,
but now he's become such a bush-looking trader.
I feel raped and posted by Mohawar David.
These are great.
So that's what they do the rest of the day.
Oh here's another one.
Big Wilson.
All right.
And another one with Mohawar David.
Well that inspired me.
Let's bring back that message board.
Yeah right.
The internet.
A great place to meet and greet for mental midgets.
It's phenomenal.
But there's a lot of good stuff on it too.
For example, once your favorite, I sure hope this comes up again here.
What's your favorite website for news and information we asked today?
Nearodgers.com, which I didn't want to put on there,
but we did because of lack of interest 78.
I don't really have that for news or information 72.
I'm a moron.
I like a lot of naked pictures.
What you can do both.
Smirkingchimp.com39.
Common dreams.org29.
Buzzflash.org.27.
Michael Moore.com21.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.7.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
Solon.com.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
Solon.com.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Solon.com.
The nation 16.
Oh my god,
Oh my god,
knnte des ar 
Singing thx
That's like the East Coast wrappers against WQA of
Fio
wind ies
to awaken
WQM, hello.
All right.
Hey, you know, that lady that was on earlier about people, you know, not reacting to everything
that's going on and, you know, I guess, protesting and everything.
Right.
You know, I have written emails to Jeb Bush and it's funny every time you try to send an
email to either him or somebody else in office, you get all these automated email returns.
You can't actually communicate with any of them.
You're the real person, of course not.
Yeah, and it's just amazing.
How are you supposed to get things done when you can't even talk to these people other
than I guess, November 7th when it's time to vote and send the hell out of office?
Right.
But, you know, I just wanted to call and say hi and just, you know, voice that, that is
that comment and say, have a good day.
Okay, thanks, pal.
All right, welcome.
You know what this reminds me of, as far as people getting things done, I know it's very
easy to say, well, we just don't know what to do.
We're pissed off about Howard Gubby, you know, often, I mean, we're pissed off about all
of this stuff in the Mojave to Change Your Show.
But you know, something it reminds me of those days, those awful, awful, alien days.
And you want to know why there was so much involvement and so much activity and so much meetings
in this and that and public history because it involved hate.
Sure.
Hate is what sells in South Florida, baby, make no mistake about it.
And we had demonstrations and then, then, remember, we had the people that were having barn
storming, green storming sessions.
Oh, yeah, we're going to have another meeting down there at the old oak tree.
We're going to tie yellow rib around it and then we're going to all put our heads together
and come up with some ideas of what we can do next.
How we can alienate ourselves from whoever we don't like next.
And then we're going to burn a bunch of tires out in the middle of the street to show
everybody we're pissed off.
I mean, that was the time that was just beyond description.
Well, it was an important issue.
But you see the biggest difference between them and now is that the electronic media,
the television people, they pumped that up.
Baby, even Arnold would have been impressed.
They pumped it up so big.
This is important.
You won't get excited about this, you know?
Absolutely.
Freedom of speech is under attack.
Anybody talking about this?
No.
No, there's that schmuck speaking of freedom of speech.
Howard Kurtz on CNN right now.
Howard Kurtz really hurts.
In fact, if you look up mediahors.com, mediahors online, you'll find plenty about him.
Total phony baloney piece of crap, including that book he wrote about the Kramer jerk on
CNBC, just a puff piece.
Howard Kurtz.
And this is the guy who's supposed to be the media, like the watchdog on the media for
CNN.
How are you, kiddin' man?
He's on there right now with that wolf blitzkrieg.
Very good wolf.
Yeah, good loss wolf.
Go get a shave starting at the neck.
26 past known at 560 WQM if you're in a dead end job, like Howard Kurtz.
Maybe you're underpaid and overworked, which I'm sure he's not.
Maybe you'd like to get a new high-paying career, but you don't have the cashier four
years to waste on college.
If all of these things sound just like your situation, what you have to do is make one
call and you can change your life for good.
Call fast train today, tool free at 1-866-FAST-Train.
They can have you train in certified for a new high-paying computer network professional
career and his little time is four short months.
That's true.
You can be fully trained and ready for that new career in his little as four short months
April, May, June, by Julio.
Remember Julio?
Yeah, we'll see him number.
Not a good guy he got screwed over by Beasley's too.
Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule.
They offer job placement assistance and financial aid for people to qualify.
Fast train got seven convenient Florida locations to this body we want convenient nearby
where you're hanging out.
Don't delay, pick up that phone and call fast train today, tool free at 866-FAST-Train
because it's true in just four short months.
You can have a real career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Check them out on the web first if you want at fast train.com and then make that call
today 1-866-FAST-Train.
My, and local, this is 420-560-FAST-Train.
You way, yeah.
I'm a man!
Has this ever happened to you?
Man, that's higher.
And boy, I could use a train.
Well, now you won't have to worry about your vehicle breaking down when you're on your
way to your local watering hole for a happy hour.
Once you join AA AAA, the Auto Club for drunk drivers.
AA AAA?
Yeah, like I totally wrecked my car.
And I'm loose with my buzz.
We'll send a truck right out to you.
Thank you for calling AA AAA.
Our friendly service technicians will assist you with whatever you need.
So let me see, that's one tire change, two kamikazis, a genuine draft.
That'll be 3650.
Can you make that a double?
That's AA AAA, the Auto Club for drunk drivers.
Always at your service.
AA!
AA!
Proc 31 at 560 WQM, so I see Eric is right on top of it, baby.
He's got a link to MediaHoriz online already.
Right.
All right.
And they got a list of really fantastic websites on there, too.
Plus a bunch of ones that you want to watch and ones that they just ripped to pieces.
Here's one at John and Helen Bale, says DemocraticUnderground.com.
We still have over 20% of the audience say, we don't read the internet.
We don't look at the internet for news and information.
Now maybe those people are like buying book.
Reading newspaper.
Reading weekly news magazine.
You think?
No.
Playboy and hustler?
The weekly reader.
There you go.
Somebody's reading them to them.
In fact, somebody's reading to them descriptions of those pictures and magazines that they can't
finger out.
Don't forget Adrian Bartboa's upside down, so stand on your head.
Take a good peek.
WQM, hello.
QAM.
There you go.
Going once.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, is this QAM?
It sounds like it to me.
I was, I just had an addition to your poll.
I don't know if anybody called me yet, but truth out.org.
Truth out.org is excellent.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
See you.
Truth out.org.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Excellent.
NeoRodges.com.
Indole.
Oh.
94.
Pat ourselves on the back.
Nice going, Eric.
I don't read the internet for news and information.
79.
No matter what you say, I won't do it.
I want to be dumb.
Sometimes maybe being oblivious and stupid and all that bad.
You know what?
We're sort of misunderstood.
Uh-huh.
Smurkingchimp.com39.
Common dreams.org.32.
BuzzFlesh.com.20.
It's like back on 9-11.
When Goldie was sitting there in the morning and Goldie was saying, oh, what are we going
to say about it?
Let's keep talking about sports.
What can we possibly say about this?
That was one of the most embarrassing days in the history of broadcasting.
And muff was running up and down, oh, Greg, what do I do?
What do I do?
And Joe Castello, by the way, was the one that had the balls to go to Greg Reed and say,
hey, we ought to get the spots off here and just put this coverage on here.
We just had one of the major kind of cosmic events in the history of the human race.
Oh, maybe that's why you got fired.
Now that could be it.
Probably screw in, Seth.
I would have a little ad machinery calculator one day and figure out all the revenue we lost
on 9-11 because we didn't still run the spots.
Gray robbing bitch.
Smurkingchimp.39.
Common dreams.32.
BuzzFlesh.28.
Michael Moore.22.
The Nation's 17.
Dredge Report.
8.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I promise tomorrow we'll do a poll that somebody cares about as opposed to this. In fact, what about what we make of what song was the all-time worst? Oh yeah, great. Like Sean and Hollywood says let's have something negative they can sick their teeth and do. Good point Sean. WQA him. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I got a question about censorship, life and land.
I was listening for, you know, looking for life on radio last night and I happened to hear a little bit of carry on. And he had a, he had a, he was playing a clip. I see. And he was wanting to know who carry was talking to over in Europe. Who was endorsing them and enough and I heard from somebody that someone else was playing with, you know, a sum of them.
And you know, that's who's endorsing carry and now they're going on and saying, if carry met with countries that were against the war and that's creating subversion against the war carrying, he's brought up on trees and charges and all of that.
First of all, why do you listen to such garbage? He made a speech this morning he addressed that he didn't have any meetings with any foreign leaders. He said that in his travels abroad.
And they are going after you guys for obscenity. You know, what about all of this crap about just spinning stuff up into the air? You mean like the, like the alleged affair that carry head with that intern that never happened? You mean like that?
Exactly. What about responsibility in the media? There is, it's all unfair and unbalanced pal as long as it's other writers lies. You're sucking the fight over.
And it's almost cute and turned it off. Well, good choice. Don't do it again. Don't have that radio accident again, sir. Okay. He was listening to the Fudge report to that screaming faggot.
God, it's enough to make me turn straight, but I don't think so now yet. Here's a good slogan. I like this show, Bush the door in 2004.
Oh, Dylan Law to Dale says that you might like to see this article. I came across it shows George flight suit Bush really feels about our veterans. But we don't forget to go on a website and watch the Bush dance now. It's great.
Oh, it's a lovely thing. He's got more moves than I thought he puts on some pretty damn good moves. It says don't you think it's ironic? This is the same president is always claiming to support our troops and the article says. Is this the same? Yes.
The National Association of Realtors this week submitted a letter to leadership of US House of Representatives, Federals Affairs Committee urging rejection of the administration's proposal to limit VA home loan eligibility to one time usage.
The National Association of Realtors was joined by the Mortgage Bankers Association and the National Association of Home Builders.
In the House of Representatives, the VA would affect a large number of veterans who take advantage of the subsequent use feature to fulfill their home ownership aspirations.
What do you expect? For example, where is that article about the mentally unfit soldiers that have been sent to I got to hear somewhere? Trust me.
In fact, here's the one about the mentally unfit general managers of certain radio stations. It's in my pile. Okay. Somewhere 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
W QA M Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
remain. That's only when he's appearing in California. We can't say that anymore.
Fanger? Okay, why are you right back? See, it didn't require response. I'm sorry.
How much was that dryer? Wash your dryer 400? White house GOP forced to take a new look at importing
drugs from Canada A and this so it's high as right in when at 60 minutes. You saw last
not I didn't see it. It was great. I forgot about it. But you know, you know what the problem
with 60 minutes is with me. During football season, which I realized is over there was a
super ballgame. By the way, the Patriots won. Maybe the greatest game ever. Nobody knows about it.
But anyway, during football season 60 minutes gets like delayed and it's like 720 and
say I mean depending on when the last CBS NFL game is over. And so a lot of times you just
you're out of the hand that are watching it. Yeah, at least I am. But you saw it and they said what?
They said that it was a bunch of crap and they had some wonderful people making a lot of sense on
there in the right. Like having a few months and months and months. The FDA guy of course at the time that they were doing the story of the FDA guy.
Now the president's you know personal lap dog food and drug cabinet member whatever the.
How does that Billy Taoism doing by the way? He signed up that deal with the drug companies yet.
Good old boy from Louisiana. Now last year, Steve McCrawl, I went to one of these walk in emergency clinics.
They charged me a whopping total of $20 US almost nothing. And a guy wrote me a prescription for my platics.
Remember that? I'm still taking it. Okay. Well, I mean not from last year, but I mean I took all 90 of those.
There's 75 of whatever was in that bottle. I'm still alive. It looked the same. It was the same. It's the same damn drug.
It's made by the same company. It's in the same freaking bottle like all the drugs here in Canada.
A they explain that very thoroughly that it's all coming from the same place. They're coming from the same manufacturer.
They looked the same. They are exactly the same. There is no you know what's like McDonald's right.
If you buy a cheeseburger McDonald's in New York in sweet water in Kendall.
I was going to say in Beijing, but then of course Beijing.
Why do you have to leave out the cat? Now they did make the point during the story that they pharmaceutical companies make profits everywhere.
Including in Canada. They just make twice the right with it. It's just a light. It's called a license to steal a license to rape the American public.
See if you people love big business, then you should love George W. Bush. You should love this Republican crowd because that's what they're all about.
Crazy, fanatical, religionist on the one hand and big, big, tycoon religionist on the other hand. Don't say tycoon again. Okay. Now.
The Bush administration and Republican congressional leaders are being forced to take a hard new look at the idea of importing cheaper prescription drugs from foreign countries as an election year clamor grows for removing prohibitions.
And we can thank John Kerry in part for that. By the way, nice going John. He's not completely spineless.
Continuing increases in prescription drug prices, the fastest growing adamant health care and the pitched partisan battle over the new Medicare law, given the topic greater prominence in Congress and on the campaign trail, AARP, the 35 million member seniors group that came Republican-backed Medicare legislation, a critical endorsement last year, backs allowing imports.
Well, you talk about a bunch of sellouts, AARP, that Medicare bill, man, old man, who got smeared with that?
So do two Republican senators, former GOP leader Trent Lot, the cheerleader from Mississippi with their pom-poms, and John Cornyn of Texas both changing their position in recent days. They changed their position.
And so do nearly two thirds of Americans, according to recent AP poll, drug importations become a proxy for talking about the high cost of prescription drugs in the US, about the raping of the American public.
Spending on prescription drugs is the fastest growing component of health care cost, rising 15.3% in 2002 alone.
We're not talking about an academic situation. We're talking about seniors who are going to bid to the going to bid, and I make an decision whether to pay for prescription drugs or to eat, Senator John McCain said, an author of the importation bill.
You go, John. I like that idea of the two Johns. John Kerry and John McCain. If you missed that story last week, John McCain said he wouldn't rule out being a VP with Kerry, being on that ticket.
Gotta get that cheek-fix so first, yeah. Well, but just take the chew out. He puts in a big pinch between his cheek and gum.
Hey, he had a tumor on there, man. It was a tumor. It's not a tumor. While importing lower cost drugs from abroad as supporters and opponents in both parties, Democrats have used the issue to highlight their political charge that the new Medicare law is too generous to drug companies and ensures at the expense of senior citizens.
Senator, majority leader, the ultra right wing obnoxious bill frisk said on Friday, it's a very important issue. When an issue that is majority leader, I can tell you we will address, it deserves to be addressed. Right.
It's not clear that congressional Republicans will allow votes on the issue before the election, though. Senator Byron Durkin, Democrat of North Dakota said Friday that frisk left him with the impression the Senate would vote on an importation measure before November.
Well, let's go with it. Okay, like now. And of course, this is only the middle of March. See, when it comes to a congressional hearing on bad language on a radio or Janet Jackson's booby, we have the hearing tomorrow.
Tomorrow, not seven weeks from Succus. Now, whenever the hell they can get around it, when it's politically correct, when the heat is off, tomorrow. Now, so we can posture and show what a bunch of great moralists and goody-touches we are all these Bible thumping Jesus Christus out there.
God, pathetic. Don't forget what I told you religion as a weapon. That's all it is. That's all it ever has been throughout history. That's all it ever will be.
Father for the people minded. How can you say that you were solving my religion? Yes, I sure am. And you know something they just discovered what they think is the 10th planet in our solar system.
I think all your religious does you ought to go out there and have a good time. Okay. We're going to hand it over to you before we've been name it.
In fact, I think I got a good name for the new planet. Yeah. If I can find it, Jesus Christ. Right. I like it. You got Saturn, Uranus. Can we say that anymore? No, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto and Jesus Christ.
Way out there at the end of the solar system. Way down the road. Go and embrace it. Squeeze it. Enjoy it. Final it.
Oh, 257 at 560 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from the financial group. The benefits are unbelievable. They're absolutely unbelievable.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fees, zero discounted points. You'll get the new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are only three thirty four month, a two hundred thousand dollar loan. You pay just six sixty eight a month. And don't forget once you refinance, you get a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay those closing costs again.
So call today. There's absolutely no obligation. They'll explain to you how it works. Call one eight six six three nine five lend.
Get yourself that low rate mortgage. It deserve and then move to the next property with no further cost or expense. You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing costs even when you move your ass to another property.
Get yourself that new low rate financing. I'm just 1.25% the only one mortgage from financial group and never pay those closing costs again.
Call them today, toll free at one eight six six three nine five lend. What's not to like that's financial group one eight six six three nine five LED and the unique housing lender restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
So one to two hours.
Oh, right.
No hand. There's no need to feel down or have no feet.
You can touch the ground a new eyeball. So put your glass eyeball down. There's a place you can be happy. Flatters.
There's a special today for some fingers. It's double coupon date. If you're buying less than 10 parts you'll find you can use their new express line.
This is the body parts of you see.
You see.
They have everything from a bunch of a job. All you need is your own stop. You get your body parts of you see.
All sorts of body parts of you see.
You can get a new heart even ain't all the part you can put it on your credit card.
Anybody have a heart or a liver? 102.560 WQM. Happy Monday to you.
Spains Prime Minister like Jose Luis Rodriguez of a ghetto.
Founded with drug troops from Iraq and criticized US President George W. Bush after Spanish voters ousted government conservatives who took the country that they controversial war.
The war in Iraq was a disaster. The occupation of Iraq as a disaster is epithelial 43 told cadenas radio today.
He spoke just before the European Union held three minutes silence and tribute to the 200 people killed.
In last Thursday's bombings of credible to commit to trains and ongoing investigation in the attacks is found growing evidence they were carried out by Islamic extremist linked to al-Qaeda as punishment for Spain's help in the invasion and occupation of Iraq.
Those troops are coming out fast by the way. Before June 30th, Spain's 1300 troops in Iraq will return home as he had promised before the elections.
Here's a huge fact from Mike who's phony name we can't read on the air.
Since Karl Mertz Presbyterian Church has an excellent website doctor Kennedy teaches homo is bad giving to the church good ignorance is bliss.
Excellent. Here's a fact from Travis who says Neil.
I was taking my little sister rate 16 home over the weekend and she put on power 96.
As I've been growing increasingly concerned with the radio and broadcast censorship issues I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
Now I used to listen to power 96 on occasion back in the day however I don't remember it being like that.
Not only did the songs go way over anything that said by on air talent on Howard Stearner your show but the commercials and promos produced by power 96 have tons of sexual content that seem banable by the current fascist standards.
Don't give me wrong Travis is I couldn't care less what power says on the air. I don't really care for listening to it anymore so I simply don't how how is it possible though that these stations play that rap hip hop aren't being shut down completely.
I think if you took a 50 cent song even the power 96 ready waited submitted to be played as a bit on your show would get vetoed in sanity I tell you says Travis and you are.
Right different set of standards man for the hip hop crowd for the no speaking English crowd who use every four letter word has ever been invented in any language whose slander people on a regular basis if they don't have to go step the right way.
Now what are we going to do with this western guy.
I just don't know what to say about this I mean you know we are look at remember the woman that drowned her kids in the bathtub right Andrea Yates Susan Smith drowned a kids in the car.
I mean there's no shortage of crazy sick people who do grotesque things not just to other people's kids but to their own kids.
But this thing this Marcus Dillon western.
To me it's not human it's I put him on the same level with freaky Carlos out of the reception desk it's not human.
It's a unknown undeterminable origin.
Corner's deputies complete autopsy did you see the cops.
Yeah some of them were so sick they had to go like for immediate counseling they were just puking and never see anything like it in their lives.
She estimated it'll take a few more days to finish the remaining five autopsy she released the victims names once the identities have been established.
Neighbors and others who came into contact with the western clan that's what the sea.
Said they always thought something was a miss.
Frank Mooney an attorney who sold his historic Fresno home on Cambridge Avenue to five women who lived with western said each time he visited western appeared to be romantic with a different woman.
I started noticing they were all in a minute with each other Marcus would have his arm around the tall one one time and be sitting close with another one another time.
He just want to spread it around.
Who knows what sort of fears he may have instilled them over the years.
Said Yangya Lailitch sociology professor of Cal State at Chico.
Noting that the empty caskets may have been a scare tactic he could still harm them he's still alive they may also be afraid of being implicated in crime.
Women who fall into the clutch of charismatic melee is often from upper class educated backgrounds counter to common assumptions he said.
How stuck Manson to him by the way.
Fine I guess.
How can he still alive I know I know.
Law says this loss well let's western son of a bitch he's got to be dead before midnight.
Although I think what they should do is they should put him on the inside.
Right side by side with Martha Stewart.
Oh and you never reminded me about that.
What did I get about Martha.
Oh God.
I'm just babbling all over the place here prison gangs target Martha Stewart.
They're ready for your sweetheart.
They're ready for your arrival.
Battered X N made tells all and says she'll be lucky to come out in one piece.
This is in this week's inquire.
Martha Stewart has been targeted by vicious prison gangs and faces a living hell of physical abuse and constant danger the inquire has learned exclusively.
Gangs of lesbians are already awaiting Martha inside the federal pin where she's likely to be incarcerated the federal correctional institution in Danbury, Connecticut.
Martha will be the biggest prize in the joint once the former was your at Danbury prison.
Yeah he's got to be the big prize.
Although federal prisons housing white collar criminals have earned the nickname club fed the harsh reality is that 62 year old Martha faces abuse and humiliation at the hands of both inmates and guards and is at risk of severe beatings say knowledgeable sources.
The inquire has learned that lesbian prisoners regard Martha as a trophy and guards despiser placing her in extreme danger.
All right.
One tough as nails lesbian leader was overheard boasting to another to other Danbury inmates.
I'm going to make Martha my new girlfriend you go girlfriend stunt for a sequel to us. I'd say all right.
And a shocking internal prison report obtained by the inquire details the horrors of Danbury including sexually abusive male guards.
To make matters worse we learned that Martha is claustrophobic making the confines of herself even more of a nightmare.
Martha will have to completely surrender her privacy using exposed turlits, showering nude in prison stalls and chowing down with other inmates on awful food that sometimes contained maggots say sources.
But best of all something that rhymes with maggots she'll have to run the guttlet of the lesbian gang said the former Danbury worker.
And former Hollywood madam Heidi flies to serve 20 minutes in the federal prison for tax evasion told the inquire that Martha will be targeted by lesbians and as little she can do about it.
Jail is lesbian hell declared flies lesbian hell or heaven depending on where you stand it.
Not for Martha.
A source familiar with the Danbury prison divulge when Martha's guilty verdict came down on March 5thward spread like wildfire through Danbury's all female population.
Doing time makes these women love starved and sex-grade and some of these women are thrilled that Martha may be coming to Danbury they're anxiously waiting for her arrival and not because they want her to decorate their cells or cook up a Sunday night prison meal.
There's a belief that Martha is ever getting that she's a bunch of things she's above everybody else they want to chop her down to size which could include horrible homosexual acts.
Oh no!
Oh right!
Woo!
Poor Martha there's a lot more.
Pick up the inquire and read it read all about it.
All you Martha hating bastards out there I changed my mind when you're worth a billion dollars and you have to be that dishonest.
Anything goes plunge her.
I make your pardon plunge her guts out at Pompa no Park right w.c.way.
Hello line one boy that thing why don't we don't say it w.c.way.
Hello baby Martha's just being obtuse w.c.way.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
We can make a reality show out of the master's sewer right.
Would you go to jail?
Be great you 95 share.
Now what I'm what I'm really upset is like this I give kudos to these Spaniards they went out there and they revolted and they took out
power of the right wing and everything they stuck with they wanted.
Why can't we do that down here?
Well we can in November.
But we got a way through in November they went overnight.
Yeah well they didn't want to mean they went over and out the election just happened to be coming up this weekend.
What can I do?
Oh that's what it was.
Yeah.
Oh no something happened right.
Yeah we read a newspaper would be good.
No.
Oh.
Yeah it was something very unusual sir was called an election.
Wow.
What a concept.
And it wasn't even rigged.
They didn't have Katherine Harris because I understand there's a rumor flowed around by Katherine Harris.
In fact you know what?
I understand there's a rumor flowed around that Katherine Harris is floating around.
Okay.
In the tub.
In the tub.
Get your facts straight mister.
Get your facts straight.
Paul Castronova, Mohawar David, those are cute.
That's our crowd.
Wouldn't it surprise me if Katherine Oval would have posted that because he's listening right now.
Make no mistake about it.
He's taking notes.
One website you like best for news and information we asked on our website today.
They don't like this pool.
I'll tell you that 466 votes even Josh is embarrassed how weak this pool is today.
Not as weak as the Haralds though.
Haralds got 103 votes already.
I think I'd goose some extra ones on her.
Theurodgers.com 149.
I don't read the internet for news and information.
89.
Smirking chip.
In fact you know what?
We probably could have put a period after the word read.
I can't read.
Smirkingchimp.com 42.
Buzzflash.com 35.
Common dreams.org 33.
Michaelmore.com 23.
The drudgery ports got 20.
Oh my God.
The nation 18.
Salon.com 9.
Farc.com 8.
Fill the void.net 8.
Tompane 8.
Media horrors.com 7.
That's great.
BBC 6.
Newsmax.com 4 Crazy People.
Dr. Tort.
2.
Smokinggun.com 2.
2.
1.
Democratic Underground.com 1.
And we got a whole bunch of them that ain't got any.
Out of 466 votes.
113.
And 560.
WQM.
We got the latest video from Britney coming out.
Video suicide.
You know that?
No.
You're not permitted with a new video coming out?
I mean I've been seeing snippets.
Is that what's talking about?
No, I'm talking about the new one.
I have to wait.
We'll get to it.
Okay.
I mean we can't talk about it in detail.
No.
No.
It's just a ***.
Spears.
Hey, if you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked,
and you'd like a new high-paying career, but Todd directs just can't do it for you.
Man, he just...
I think about him and I start getting angry again, you know.
Just when I was starting to calm down.
Don't do it.
I think about him and I wonder what does it take to get some little piece of crap like him off his ass
and sit down at his little word processor for just five minutes.
Want every two or three months and do some work?
Is it possible?
No.
Will he do it?
No.
Can you embarrass him in doing it?
No.
Will he be forced to do it?
No.
Just screw in, why don't make him do his job?
No.
If this sounds like you, then call fast train today to a free at 1-866 fast train.
They can have you train in suit-a-5 for a brand new high-paying computer network professional career
and is a little less for a month.
So if your life is going nowhere, if your paycheck is an embarrassment,
if your boss is a major schmuck, make a big change.
Call fast train today.
The off-day evening we can class, just a bit around your schedule.
They offer you job placement assistance financially to people who qualify
and they've got seven floor locations to this bottomy one nearby you.
Don't delay another minute.
Check them out on the web fast train.com
and then make the call that can really change your life in Spedetoddrack.
Call 1-866 fast train and be sure and tell them that
I'm just Todd told you to call.
Why the hell is this sports 20-0 bike city?
You way, yeah.
The O-ya!
Hi, this is Martha Stewart and I've always said that when life gives you lemons,
you should make one made.
That's why I'm proud to introduce my newest magazine, Martha Stewart's Living Behind Bars.
In this fun issue, read about the views and don'ts of prison relationships.
You'll learn how to make a stylish shank for self-defense
and of course you'll find sensational recipes for such self-lock delicacies as turnkey trifle.
Screws too.
And electric cherries to believe.
And how to select the perfect raisin jack to compliment your meal.
Need to remove telltale DNA from crime scenes?
It's in the magazine.
How about getting bloodstays and pesky grey matter out of your clothing?
It's in the magazine.
Martha Stewart's Living Behind Bars.
It's a celebration of incarceration.
Available at any new stand that accepts a cigarette's cash.
They're waiting for you sweetheart.
They're all set up for you.
Come on in.
118 at the end of all of those.
118 at 560 WQM.
It says here this facts.
The reason there's no protest demonstration about rape over the Notification of America is because over the past 30 years,
the so-called liberal media has been telling us how unacceptable that kind of behavior was back in the 60s.
They always say the same stuff about the turbulent 60s.
What a bunch of crap.
And then it says, sorry, what a bunch of it is nothing.
The symbol for all of those things.
Anyway, here's the Britney Spears poop.
The current queen of pop Britney Spears has set the shock fans yet again with a new video on which she commits suicide in the bath.
In the promo for every time directed by controversial photographer David Lysha Pell, Britney escapes a mob of being paparazzi only to have a booze-fuel argument with a boyfriend.
Booze-fueled.
She is then depicted slipping out of the water in a bath with an open bottle of pills beside her as the boyfriend attempts to revive her her second new Britney, locked out of the hotel.
The former squeaky clean pop princess who is at number one on the charts with a single toxic is at a controversial past year which saw her briefly marry a childhood friend in Vegas,
break down in tears in a live TV interview and allegedly engage in a drunken nightclub, several nightclub visit.
The video is seen by many as an ironic side swipe by Britney to what others perceive as her unstable state.
A.K.A. marketing is what it's called.
Marketing.
Everything in the world including Mel Gibson in the movie and Britney Spears in a video no matter what it is, it's called marketing.
It's a business.
56670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon line.
WQA and hello.
Well Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah.
Hey, thanks for today's beaded curtain here.
I've had a crush on her since mod and I'm not talking about BR.
Okay but now you have a stand up. Get off the floor and stand up straight now.
I've got a new site that might put a rise in your poll.
Okay.
You can news.com.
And for the sports jobs out there there's a sports.com.
Okay.
Wow.
Wow.
56670560 is it ballgame time yet or what?
Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Don't forget you got that waiter there's a pop in in my there's a frog in my soup tonight.
And the big.
Oh.
It's going to be broadcasting from the wake will make a wish foundation in the banquet.
With the panthers is Josh a quarter is going to be there.
No.
You're not invited?
No.
I heard Joe roses invited I guarantee you be knew as many hockey games this season as Joe.
Well I won't be there.
I see.
Well that's the bad news.
But I guarantee Denise potman will be there for all you people want to kiss a frog.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Are you up or down this week?
Am I what?
No.
Are you in Canada?
Are you down on the sunny south Florida?
I'm in my home.
So what's going on though in Canada as far as the Howard repercussions?
I mean what is the Canadian?
They're not because he got tossed off of your hair a long time ago.
That's the one thing in Canada they're even more prudished in the US about the radio and TV.
Too much worship in the Queen.
Okay.
I was just curious to that.
Okay.
Well I grab your passport and do Shlendo Balala.
Okay.
Doigt's land O'Borales is what he was trying to say.
Doigt's land O'Borales.
56670560.
Scientists find 10th planet.
Like I said all your religious nuts, all the God's quide you can go there and have a good time.
We'll pack your sandwich.
Scientists may have discovered the solar system 10th planet more than 3 billion kilometers farther away from the Sun than Pluto.
NASA said to make an official announcement later today.
In fact they're having a press call.
Oh we missed it.
How come it was not?
It was at one o'clock.
I missed it.
No but it was not.
I got to see an incident here right now.
It was never on.
The object of about 10 billion kilometers from Earth has been given the provisional name of Sedna.
After the Inuit goddess of the sea, Sedna.
Okay.
Didn't he used to be on KDK age on SIGNA?
Doctor Michael Brown of the California Institute Technology and his team of astronomers using the recently launched type power Spitzer Space Telescope found Sedna during an ongoing three year outer solar system project.
The Tanagria Observatory in Arizona was used to provide a verifying second set of measurements for the object.
It's the largest object to be found surfing the Sun since Pluto was discovered in 1930.
The discoveries also sparked a made over what constitutes a planet.
Initial details indicate that it would be made of ice and rock to be of a smaller size than Pluto with a diameter of almost 2000 kilometers, which is about 1200 miles.
That's pretty small.
Yes.
Sound like a space rock to me.
Well that's what they're saying.
That's what they're arguing.
Many astronomers say Pluto with a diameter of 2300 kilometers is too small to be termed a planet and is actually just one of many minor objects in the outer reaches of the solar system.
But keeping in mind, no matter what this happens to be, if it's more than three billion kilometers away, far farther away than Pluto, 10 billion kilometers from the Earth, which is six million miles.
Okay.
Then how long did it take for the light from that object to get to us?
Let me get my calculator.
No, but you see what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Oh, but you're wrong.
You heathen master.
The Bible says 5,000 years, the Earth is 5,000 years old.
Seriously, I mean, it's just, you know, I'm not going to change your mind, but anybody wants to believe that garbage.
You need mental help.
You need to be whatever they did to Sheridan on passions, man.
I'll let the Lekker shock therapy be lost.
That's it.
That's exactly it.
Sarah Goldfarb lives.
WQM.
Hello.
QIM.
Oh, yeah.
I just called the Neil Rudder show.
Speaking.
Speaking.
Go ahead.
Turn it off, please.
Yeah.
Go home.
No, I was just going to call the Neil Rudder show.
What are you speaking to him?
Neil?
Oh, yeah, we do screen lists.
We don't like putting Josh into a lot of work.
Oh, man, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to hold you up, man.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You're not having any eye-conquering.
No, you're good.
I just want to let you know my experience with voting on the ninth.
Right.
Teresa LaPore.
I'm from Palm Beach County.
I went to the polling place on my voters registration card.
Yeah.
Did you get any butterflies with your ballot?
No.
But anyways, I drove home.
I called these the supervisor of elections office.
They told me they changed the polls.
I went to the school where they changed it.
They were no signs out for it.
I couldn't get into the school.
I came back home.
I called up again.
And they told me some obscure entrance to the school.
What happened to you?
Well, they don't want to make it too easy for you.
Yeah, well, I went into the polling place.
You know, I know it was useless, but I wanted to show the numbers.
Right.
You know, get out and vote and show these people that, you know, we're out there.
And I went in and I ripped them a new, I don't know what you're going to say.
A new duty hole.
Oh, geez.
I'm stuck with that.
I don't want to get you off there.
I shouldn't have said that.
No.
But there was one lady in there, of course, they have a Republican in there also.
So, you know, I didn't know that, but I said, who said this up?
A bunch of Republicans?
You know, I couldn't even find my polling place.
Damn.
And anyways, that's all I got.
I just wanted to let you know and keep doing a good job and let the people know what's going on.
Well, if nothing else, Theresa's at least consistent anyway.
Oh, I'm telling you, man, she used to, I was going to, I was going to forgive her and, you know, vote for her again.
But after this, forget that, you know, I'm not vote for her.
Only one thing to say to Theresa.
Bye, bye, bye.
There you go.
Hey, thank you.
Thank you.
All right, bye.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
I've been telling you for years why you need to call dial amateurs at 1,800 metros.
Here are just a few more reasons to make that call.
Dial amateurs backs up everything they say in advertising 100% but their competitors still use lots of false deceptive claims.
They lie a lot.
When you see a macro said, making outrageous claims are advices.
Redefined print.
There are a lot of lies out there.
Here's an example.
The ad screen is free frame, preset up, free removal.
The tiny print underneath it says it only applies to luxury models.
Or you have to live so close to the story and probably be their next door neighbor.
Or it's for something you don't need like a frame.
Most people guess what?
They don't need a frame.
And stores want to apply the credit to something else instead.
It seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to whatever you're buying.
But, at dial amateurs, the ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers, no lies, no BS.
Every dial amateurs delivery includes free setup and free delivery.
Whether it's top of the line set or a twin mattress for a bunk bed.
Dial amateurs delivery terms apply wherever you live.
No exceptions from Kindle to Stewart, palm beach to Ford Myers.
And dial amateurs reminds you to redefine print because they want you to know what you're buying, even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what are you waiting for? Do what I've been doing for years to guarantee you a great night's sleep for a long time to come.
Call 1-800-MATRUS or log onto mattress.com.
Dial amateurs said 1-800-MATTR-ESD honest way to buy you a bed.
My high and local, your sports radio 560-US-U-A-M.
That's a good day.
I noticed a little glitch in the beginning and I was a bit of a whatever.
But I really, I like that.
Keep you on your toes.
132 here's a Faxit says.
Thank you for the great job you do every day providing us the truth.
I appreciate your motivation and enthusiasm.
Maybe the sunsets will step up to the plate with your head in the door.
Wasn't the head in the door just a little blurb?
For your pull, take back the media.com. That's a good one.
Got it? Got it.
Let us see if the liberal media covers the protest happening day outside of the White House.
I heard on NPR yesterday about a group of people who are marching from Delaware to the White House.
They're also gathering outside the White House in one of the hospitals where the soldiers are being treated.
Delaware was the chosen starting point to draw attention to the flag-grape caskets of our fallen soldiers that we don't get to see on our TV.
The only cask that we're permanent to see is WSPSA.
Neil was at the FCC that squelched Condoleezza back in the Napier de Condi.
We visited. No, it was not.
No, it was not. It was some right-wing pressure groups who of course the corporate caved into, which corporate always caves in.
See, this is the problem.
And they don't understand it because they're too stupid to understand it.
When you came in the threats the first time, you know what happens the second time?
They leave you alone and never bother you.
Right.
And the third time, they give you money.
It says, when that happened, I could sense the federalist's most repose, not to read it.
Will they have nothing to do with that?
Just as they were in Florida 2000, Janet and Justin screwed us big time.
I thought the farting jackass was more offensive.
Catherine Harris is the wicked bitch of the South.
Oh, I heard some rumors about Catherine Harris, by the way.
I heard she f***ing this morning.
Didn't you?
In fact, rumor I'm here right now is that she f***ing in a plane f***ing is the rumor I'm hearing.
Get your facts right, Rogers!
Here's a great article.
Jack Ballinger from the dissident voice.
Do I have time to read this?
Yes.
I guess I do.
He says, God is starting to scare me.
And he isn't talking about...
Oh, God.
At this point, I don't even think of evangelicals or Christian conservatives as being a segment of the Republican Party.
Bowers said, they are the Republican Party.
Former representative Gary Bower on how President Bush must tend to the needs,
our religious conservatives to get reelected this November, news house news Sunday, March 2nd.
Let me read that sentence again.
I quote from Gary Bower, that obnoxious little munchkin, quizzling.
He says, I don't even think of evangelicals or Christian conservatives as being a segment of the Republican Party.
They are the Republican Party.
Anyway, Jack goes on to say, I've just read the rise of the religious right and the Republican Party,
a public information project from teocracywatch.org.
Adding the info in that report to what one finds in the new mainstream media every day,
and you can begin to realize how scary the new American God can be.
If those people would sincere and passionate religious beliefs, who also believe in a secular government,
don't start speaking up, these nuts are going to turn America into a uber Christian,
intolerant and ignorant theocracy, that would make the 1970s Iran look like an epitome of religious tolerance
and a comenical understanding.
In my half century plus, I've watched a lot of terminology turned on its head.
Compassionate conservative means you hate the elderly, poor and disabled.
Democrat means you're too soft to leave the nation in war,
even though every major war in the past 60 years were led by Democrats,
with the sole exception of Bush's illegal invasion of Iraq.
The Republican seemed to think Franklin Roosevelt was in the GOP.
Pro-life can mean you choose the life of a single cell over that of the mother.
Veterans automatically don't know as much about wars those who hid from it.
Scientists are almost automatically pagans.
If you work faithfully for decades but are now unemployed,
it's your fault and certainly not without the corporation that after hiding its profits
and attacks haven't offshore, has now outsourced your job to a child in Bangladesh.
And the list goes on and on.
But more recently the rhetoric has reached the point where if you're not a rabid right-wing Republican,
you seem to have no right to claim a religion at all.
If you're a Catholic or your religion is not based at Christ's at all,
such as a Muslim or a Jew, Buddhist or Hindi,
the fundamentalist Christians will seek your support for now,
but without even getting into the horrors that they hope await you in the rapture,
I wouldn't want to be a non-Christian or a Catholic American and a decade or two
if the Pat Robertsons and Jerry Fowls have their way.
Oh, and don't believe that if you're a Protestant you're going to be given a pass in their fanatic seven
because Pat Robertson will quickly disavius you of that notion.
You say you're supposed to be nice to the Piscopalians and Presbyterians and the Methodists
and this and that and the other thing nonsense.
I don't have to be nice to the spirit of the Antichrist.
Pat Robertson, the most dangerous man in America, questioned Mark by Rob Boston.
Another voice, sadly, disparaging liberals on religion,
this time in the discussion group, a discussion of Gibson's passion is William Merchison writing in a column for the Dallas News.
I have a theory, Merchison wrote.
It is that from the 21st century U.S. liberal standpoint,
the kind of people who would go to such a movie who worse would like it,
aren't the kind you find working for anti-smoking ordinances and gun control.
They probably wear fur in each stake, favor school choice,
vacation in Branson, Missouri instead of San Francisco,
haven't rushed a judgment on Iraq, respect soldiers and religious leaders,
regard churches the place to be on Sunday, and perhaps worst of all,
large numbers respect and come November, November, November,
might vote for the guy in a White House who called Jesus his favorite philosopher.
Murna S. Depp, Ph.D. pointed out to fall with that argument,
so well and related to the editor of the Dallas Morning News,
and responsible to Mr. Merchison's column.
From all that's known to the historical Jesus,
he was not a rich meat eating smoking, drinking tough,
macho-posturing white male from Texas.
If you do claim to be a Christian, these Uber Christians say you must be in favor of Bush's policies,
including those harmful at least amongst us,
if not you and may God have mercy on your soul or I believe and he believed liberal.
It's time folks, time for people to speak up.
You can take back your government, your religion,
America's place and a communion of nations,
and it can be quite simple to win the fight.
Just use the ballot box to battle those who use religion as a business tool,
with which to take control of a corporation called the United States.
Come November of vote, vote as though you all you whole wholly depended on it,
because it just might.
Jack Palin's here at the center for this event, voice pretty good.
Ain't bad.
21 till 2 at 560, W.Q.M. we got the mad dog at 2,
the Humper at Chula's, the Hebrew hammer, coming up at 4.
The big hell of Al-Alau, Rhyndo Al-Zakwiri,
whatever his name is,
at the Make-A-Wish Foundation, back with at 7,
Eddie K. at 10, and Sporting News Radio, overnight.
My, and local, this is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't, you ain't.
Howard Dean, some of the presidents will raise.
We are leaving one track, but we are going on another track.
No, Howard pursues his true pension.
We're not dropping out.
Howard Dean sings the classic rocket.
The W.Q.M. is Arizona.
South Carolina, Oklahoma, North Dakota.
You're Mexico.
The W.Q.M. is Arizona.
Standing on a corner in Winslow.
There is one on such a fine side to see.
Check this, make the order.
Watch it, check it.
Michigan, Eddie, we're gonna watch it,
and you see it, it's take back away.
Howard Dean sings classic rock.
Wow, it's GD stars now.
Big blue, big G&M.
Jerusalem, peace talks the rails.
Oh, boy.
What a shock, innit?
Yeah, I'm surprised.
Yeah.
There's a shocker for I know it's gonna come as a great surprise
from coast to coast.
I forgot this son Friday.
US President adds to his staggering string of verbal gaps.
Oh, he's dropped some real goofies in his short time as US President,
but George W. Bush came up with a worst so far
while visiting Brazil in May last year.
In conversation with Fernando and Rique Cardoso,
the 71-year-old president of Brazil, Bush blurted out.
You have blacks here too?
And embarrassing silence was punctuated by Candelizza
Rice, the black U.S. National Security Advisor,
who hastily chimed into the rescue by telling Bush
that Brazil had a higher black population
than any country outside Africa.
Spare the necessity of having to give Bush's dumb question
and answer Cardoso later described US President
as still in training.
The incident which happened in full view of the press
was not reported in either the US or British press.
The only media to write up the story
was the German News Magazine, their Spiegel.
That interesting.
Wasn't reported in the US or British media,
not that they're trying to brainwash anybody.
You mean the manipulative news?
Because they wouldn't do that.
Not that they're trying to manipulate the BBC and Britain
or maybe put them out of business, shut them down.
They actually wasn't talking, wanted to shut it down.
For a little bit too much of the truth, and they would say no light.
Oh yeah, we didn't sex up that report.
You people just made that up.
Be a great deal of concern that Al Qaeda may have
definitely been behind those attacks in Madrid.
If that's so, a great deal of fear over terrorism
discounted into these markets, Europe also down.
Everybody's down, baby.
Down was down another 110, then Azdaq's down almost 40 points.
Things are like, where's those jobs, by the way, huh?
Where are all those jobs?
Those three million jobs you're going to have this year
that I'll present today was talking about.
He couldn't have been lying again, could he?
No.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Going once.
WQAM, hello.
You do a kneeled death noob.
Yes sir, good afternoon to you.
I'd like to give a radio down.
Please.
Survey, you had a couple days ago on Red Lobster.
Want to comment on that if I may.
The survey we had on Red Lobster, this sounds like Reverend Jones to this.
Well.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, well, yes.
That's who's, we were Randy Rose, the last slow-bush on WGNO.
That's March 31st, you start in the air, America, where you were in New York.
Yes, sir, yes, sir, sir.
What, were you slowed down?
Okay.
Last Thursday was Randy Rose, the last slow-bush.
Yeah, we already know that we've had that on here.
We're starting March 31st, you'll be on the afternoon on...
Air, America, radio.
Right.
And the last, you played at Randy Rose, it sounded like she was almost yelling out the guy that was holding when she says,
he says, Randy, she says, what?
He says, Randy, she says, what?
He says, are you listening to me?
Randy.
Hello, Randy.
What?
Are you listening to me?
No.
You see, that's the light bulb again.
See this guy that we just had on there?
Yeah.
The light bulb.
Now with all the respect, Randy, I wish you nothing but the best.
She's one of my protgs.
I hope she goes far.
I hope she makes millions of dollars.
She had the balls to tell off Greg Bob Green.
That's a Freudian slang, another schmuck.
But so I wish you nothing but the best.
But you know, this whole business about liberal talk radio,
like that, Gwarnish Telfin, man.
Not into it.
They're busy.
They much rather see Abyen Barbo, sideways, upside down, on our head, on our toes, on their toes, whatever.
That's what they do.
Right.
I mean, the first amendment?
What that?
What that'd be, huh?
The first amendment.
Freedom of speech?
What that'd be?
Here, we had that one woman I called her, she was great.
She was excellent.
Yeah.
One.
But, nobody know what I'm thinking of?
Remember all the women we had calling and screaming bloody murder during the alien days?
Oh, my goodness.
They're both...
Oh, brother.
They're both, they're both executed.
So on the one hand, we had a lot of hysterical hooliats, and on the other hand, we had a lot of red neck.
And it was just...
And we're going to have another meeting down there in Dixie Highway, underneath the big oak tree there, right by shorties.
And we're going to have another Brainstormen session.
A Brainstormen session, remember that?
We're going to have a pro miracle rally.
They're going to be flying.
They were planning...
They were having a meeting to plan their next meeting, so they could go down and strategize how they were going to piss each other off.
And let the Cubans know that they hate them, and the Cubans were going to let them know that they hated me even more.
And, wow.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, how sad.
But when freedom of speech is an issue, when the government, when this fascist government comes in and wants to take away whatever liberties we got left, even the New England Patriots Act,
I think that's why they made a big flap about Janet Jackson and Justin Takeerbell.
Cover up the fact that the Patriots were unassumable, because if too many people talked about that, then it's subliminally it makes you think about the Patriots Act, see?
Mm-hmm.
And you notice nobody even talked about the game once we had the flap.
Here's that story.
Here's a story about a man named Brady about that planet.
Oh, here it is.
This should be called a family portrait, and we'll go through it again.
Oh, it's Sky Miles O'Brien.
Kated real space could have.
Is that the moon?
Yeah, that's Mars.
Mother.
Just.
Served.
Us.
Nine.
And then you can't see Pluto.
Peaches.
That's how you remember it.
Mars.
No, that's not how you remember it.
I mean, how can you be so stupid, you idiot?
I can understand remember, as you went and said, when you were in a snapdoon, don't say you're Venus.
Yeah, for pizza.
I started off with Mars.
Oh, my God.
This is their space expert, Sky Miles O'Brien.
I'm certainly not news network.
Holy moly, man.
Holy cow.
Like I said, America, you're finished.
I don't want to give you the very bad tidings.
You're finished.
You're done.
History.
Bye-bye.
The nice know-in-you.
You're done.
Faneato.
Let's turn out something important like the BBC where they got soccer.
Before the half hour Jonathan Macon counts him to score his first ever Premiership Go, and Tim Howard beats him for the second time.
United needs to get back into the game before half time.
Don't you think just one really good heavy ball moment would help a lot of those brits?
I can't say it.
And I better not.
Don't say it.
Because it might rhyme with brits.
But you know what I'm thinking.
Well, now what you're thinking.
What do you think?
We got the word police.
Guess what's coming like after this and remember election of Bush wins against thought police.
We got the thought police.
You didn't say it, but you were thinking about it.
You were going to say it.
Well, how do you know?
The thought police.
Well, they've already mentioned double entendre.
So how do they know what you're thinking?
Because they're reading your mind, Mr. Don't ask so many questions.
My life and locals.
This is 4th radio by City.
2 a.m.
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Hey, great.
I'll talk a few bits in my area, smart.
They changed the name to Alien Heart.
Explication is now down to a fine art.
That's where the fuck's art.
You're different styles on leather away.
Until you see the human kingdom.
Giant water right where you grab a drooper a wrap.
That's if you're walking up to a democracy.
Down, backs up to the future.
Down, underwater to drown the back around.
You must go up little down.
If the biggest parking river is seen.
That's if we'll make sure all the toilets are clean.
Hell's hide and law to the graph.
Like a big shot of media.
And then we'll block your car.
It's all about how important you think you're when the rest.
That's a hundred things it's known they feel for.
And houses your fun.
Go down to Alien Heart.
There's science here from the Roast Goat Band.
And rockin' music by Los Van Van.
I'll let you dance, dance.
Ain't no their demands.
Under a cosy flag.
At least for others when they cross the plains.
That's huge and sweet.
My only blood and a student day.
That's farmy toilet that sucks.
They now call Alien Heart.
Alien Heart.
Alien Alien Heart.
Alien Alien Heart.
Alien Alien Heart.
Oh, we're fine.
That's all musianos here.
I'm so happy.
I'm so happy.
I'm so happy.
I'm so happy.
I'm so happy.
I'm so happy.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'm sure proud to work on a radio station for somebody that's
dealing with this thing head-on.
You know I'm saying taking decisive swift action by firing to a mark.
That's your care, didn't it?
Yeah, I think that's all about our problems under word about no mo
Don't really started. I'll start with another attack. I'm Josh Darrow on clearance. You don't want to do that
You had nothing to do with it with what?
Fine anything. Yeah, okay. Here's what we got on a pull so far
560 it's pretty weak, but you know, it's not a great pull. Sorry never do that again. I
Thought it was a good idea you didn't I thought it was a fine idea, but you know
It's not up to us now is it what website you
Like best for news and information near Rogers dot com 194 we didn't even have it at on the beginning because I assume that there'll be dozens and dozens of others and
194 I don't read the internet for news or information 108
Smirking chimp dot com 42 makes me feel that my donation was worthwhile
Buzz flash dot com 37 common dreams dot org 35
D luggage report 26. I didn't know she had that many boyfriends
Michael Moore dot com 26 the nation 18
Salon dot com 13
Farc dot com 10 fill avoid dot net 10
BBC 8 campaign 8 et cetera and so on and our list it goes
WQM. Hello
Speak to me. Yeah, yes
Yes, did you read the article in the paper today in New York Times about
See here
article in the New York Times I think they were probably more than two or three. Yeah federal investigators
Processon television segments in which the Bush administration paid people opposed as journalists. Oh, yeah, I did
I did see that you got that one. Okay, yeah, and they said it's so big deal it happens all the time
But you know, it's fake. It's more lies from Bush and you know everything is staged everything is fake just like the casket the draped casket would
A flag on it
We don't see the real caskets. We don't see any symbols that would indicate that they're really dead bodies real people coming back
Because that would be bad, you know for the psychology of America know that there people dying over there based on a
Pack of lies and then all those people had just died in Spain a few days ago died based on a pack of lies that they got sucked into
Now they got wise real quick, you know, they went to the polls. Yeah, no mo no mo
So between now and November that's something you could keep in mind just in place that on your forehead no more
