Let's try and not cross!
OOOH!
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible verses better?
Well, I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of Yousake My Martyr, comes a game the whole family can enjoy.
Crucifixion!
Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible,
and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
Um, I'll take the guess. Um, how about a chair?
Nope, sorry, Billy.
I'm sorry, Jeeva!
After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses.
But don't worry, in three days you can play again.
So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus doll, nails in a tiny spear, fake blood, wouldn't cross and hammer not included.
Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers!
Alright!
They have the ass wins, they try to make sure you get those asses on your forehead,
and get off to see Mel Gibson, man. That's what it's all about.
Is he actually in it?
I don't know.
The only part that he's in is when he's driving the nails to the palm of Jesus,
which by the way, I hate to tell you this, Mel,
but all these scholars will tell you that crucifixions during that period of time,
they always put the nails through their wrist, see,
which would have been the only way to make sure that they stayed on the cross,
because if you drove the nail through the palm of the hand,
unfortunately for the victim, they would like come excruciating me falling down to liberty.
Exactly.
Unless, of course, you got those good Jesus super nails that you get in the Home Depot these days,
for 1695 or whatever they are, get your nails and go out to see the passion of the Yushki.
Please.
You know, I just have a change in plan, I think, for today.
We don't have time to build a set of pole.
Okay.
The second pole we were going to do, they had the movie thing.
We'll do that tomorrow.
There you go, Eric.
It'll make your life easier today, but you just read the big sigh, really.
You know, probably caught one of these two.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Careful.
I apologize. I don't want to start out with that.
We'll sneak those in a little bit later.
We'll sneak them in and maybe even sneak one out.
A wet one.
But anyway.
So we'll just do the first pool.
And again, on the news, it's like, wow, look at that.
Look at that William Donnie who he had that look on his face like a crazy man like a Renfield.
She like a crazy man.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, just forming at the mouth.
William Donnie who president of the cat lick league, just calm him down.
Give him some doggy down.
Did you see the look on his push?
Yep.
Wow, just brandishing the teeth like a dog in a heat like a, anyway, like a pit bull.
Anyway.
Americans and they were wacky allies.
Retarded the fresh violence today is a question mark on where they political future the country.
A US military helicopter crashed into River West.
The bagged at the military said killing two more service members.
A witness reported seeing a missile hit the aircraft.
It brought the number of US deaths in Iraq to 547 with a crash.
The US military has lost 15 copters since the occupation began and made mostly the hostile fire.
At least 60 Americans have been killed in those crashes elsewhere.
Gunn and assassinated the deputy police chief in the northern city of Mosul yesterday.
Or today rather, and militants warned of further attacks in Iraqi security forces and Kurdish militiamen accusing them of protecting the infidel Americans.
So the meat goes on.
And while Americans are dying your bidet like I said, it barely even makes the news.
There are only two things that people are concerned about now in America.
We're not even concerned about Janet, although a Michael Powell still is.
The bigger the life Michael Powell that you'll see a very lovely picture of on our website.
The only things they care about are making sure that we put bigotry into the constitution.
That's number one.
Number two, let's go see Yosuke get the crucified.
Let's go see some good old fashioned mel Gibson of violence at the movies.
We got something much more pleasing to look at on our website today.
It's Monica Balucci who just turned 40 years old by the way.
Did she?
Or no, she will turn on September.
You know what day in September?
About 30, man.
Yeah, I see.
She was born in Chitade, the Castello in Perugia.
You looked at the Castello.
No, it's for a while.
It's on my IMBD, AB.
I wanted to see a list of the movies she made.
Now she's currently working on one called She Hate Me, not to be confused with He Hate Me.
Okay.
Brothers Grimm, Agent Secrets, the Passion of the Christ.
Yeah.
Oh, no, where she plays Mary Magdalene.
Well, there you are.
I thought Mary Magdalene was married to James Carville.
Matrix Revolutions, Enter the Matrix, Matrix Reloaded Tears of the Sun, Recordate the Dime.
A lot of men are tired.
Oh, look at this.
She's a Carlos Cayamán.
She's got one in Espanol.
And they're not like that.
She gets around.
And the Ultimo Capodano, Lultimo Capodano.
They got irreversible listed on there, don't they?
Come and meet me, boy.
I beg your pardon.
Come and meet me.
And she was also in the apartment.
She was in a snowball.
She was in a whole bunch of stuff.
But she's in the Passion of the Christ.
So it's very appropriate that we have a lovely nude picture of Monica Baluchion.
Theorages.com today.
Right, the ass to ass with Roland the Michael Powell.
You realize that we're just hanging on by the skin of our teeth.
We had a near miss.
And nobody even told us about it.
Did you know that?
With an asteroid?
Yes.
Yeah, I do, but astronomers have revealed how they came within minutes of alerting the world
of a potential asteroid strike last month.
So you better watch your asteroid.
By the way, as George Carlin pointed out, that was a near hit.
A near miss is when you get hit.
Oh, some scientists believe on 13 January that a 30 millimeter object later designated 2004 AS1 had a one and four chance of hitting the planet within 36 hours.
Let's see, 30 millimeters would be what?
Is it like 10 feet?
30 millimeters?
30 meters rather.
Oh, oh, no, meters longer than a yard.
It's about 40 yards.
Wow.
No.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
That's 120 feet.
It could have caused local devastation.
The researchers contemplated to call the president Bush before knew that.
I finally showed there was no danger.
Thank the Lord.
He must have been watching off of the earth.
The procedures for raising the alarm and sudden circumstances are not being revised.
At the time, the president's team would have been putting the final touches to his speech.
He was due to make the following day at that quarters of NASA, the US space agency.
In it, he planted, we set the course of manned space flight, saving it back to the moon and on the Mars.
But it could have had something very different to say if we had had this little problem.
I'm going to probe.
Blama.
Bubba's firing call preemptive maneuver.
Got the whole story now.
Bubba loves fun.
Better give the poor result from yesterday.
First, we had a lot of votes.
Lot and lots of votes.
1906.
You ready for that?
Over 1900 votes.
Excellent.
What's your take on the much-tracked Mel Gibson, the passion of the Christ movie?
There's James Carvazelle.
About 20 minutes from right now.
David Starrer to the Christian science monitor will take a different view of the movie.
And this Saturday, there's a special edition of scene and presents the mystery of Jesus.
The mystery of Jesus, this Saturday boy, I'll tell you that Jesus Christ is having a busy week.
That's because it's ass Wednesday today and we got lent.
Can that be lent?
Lot of people are looking for Veronica Baluchin, Sanhaemonica.
Can those be lent?
But anyway.
What's your take on a much-tracked Mel Gibson, passion of the Christ Yoshky movie?
Is our question?
1909 votes.
They're just continuing to pile in here.
I will see it 412-21.5.
We'll get busy.
It's out today.
Get busy.
Even the Pope will be proud of this marketing.
He's a piker compared to this.
I mean, nobody has ever marketed anything.
Forget about movie.
Anything else like this thing.
Even with all its amazing inaccuracies and it's just non-stop violence and grotesque gratuitous crap.
But anyway.
I might see it if I hear it's good 278.
Oh, it's sensational.
You better get off.
You're asked to go see it right now if you want to get saved.
If you want to be on the right side of the Lord.
I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 278.
Mel Gibson and his father are both Nazis 267.
I think they may have a point.
I definitely won't see it 265.
And non-believers who just ignore 100-month-on-1909.
I like that number.
1909.
Hey, there's your buddy, the mayor.
He's a good guy.
Oh, he's great.
The Constitution of the United States of America.
I'll take it one thing.
He'll be president someday.
Gavin Newsom, the mayor of San Francisco.
He's a good-looking guy.
He's articulate.
He's married with a real wife.
And he makes all the sense in the world.
And they hit him on, oh, I don't want to see those screaming fruit flies, please.
No.
I see, I know this comes as a shock to you.
I know a lot of gay people.
I don't know any of them who look like those that they keep showing on my TV.
In fact, I think that there's stunt gay people.
Oh, what do you do?
You work in this building sometimes.
Freaky Carlos is who you're thinking of.
I'm sure.
I think you want apology to all the people who work or in that scene.
That obscene.
And anyway, so who's art Riley?
Does anybody in this audience have any idea who art Riley is?
Who was a WIOD?
He got fired by a cheap channel.
Pete Boulder followed him in the parking lot on the way out to his car to make sure he got the hell out of theirs.
The rumor that we're hearing.
The assassin Pete Boulder fires another one.
Maybe somebody will tell us who art Riley was from WIOD.
He's no kind to Rick Riley.
All of the suds did tell us the news.
Thanks, suds.
Suds is on top of it.
He keeps his tentacles out the window.
He's got nothing else to do.
Besides watch all reruns of Star Trek.
Bump is firing called a preemptive maneuver.
Tampa all hard rock.
No harsh words.
This from the Tampa Tribune.
Yesterday morning 98 rock listeners were waking.
Look at that.
There is not one person who has any idea who art Riley was.
I wanted to thought right away.
We'd had a couple lines ringing out of picked up.
I said, oh, what art Riley used to do.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi, whatever.
Nobody has any idea who that is or was.
On WIOD.
That's very disconcerting.
That means that maybe nobody listens to WIOD.
Except of course when rushes on.
And maybe the Schmidtmeister.
On the yesterday morning 98 rock listeners were waking.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIs.
W staple, WARD.
Wile Lion.
WIOD.
know, Pete Boulders such a prick anyway that what would you expect?
The guy that sits there and reads news, off the cue cards get canned.
In the parking lot, I heard about that story too.
Did you?
Yeah, I did.
Oh, I heard that story, yeah.
Yeah, I followed him right out to the car apparently, some shouting and some yelling
back and forth at each other.
You know, just in typical Pete Boulders style.
You know, he's such a nice bastard.
What an assassin.
He really is.
Too bad he didn't go out in the parking lot and get run over by a Mack truck.
That would be good.
That would be the greatest day of my life.
Oh, absolutely.
That would just make headlines all over.
Give us a call when that happens.
Let us know.
I'd be happy to and I'll haunt the horn as I'm running him over.
Okay, thanks.
I get over there to that rental place right now.
All right.
I get, we'll get back to this because it's so obvious that they're doing this, um, a
preemptive maneuver.
It kind of reminds me.
I don't want to like, you know, make any accusations, but it kind of reminds me of somebody
else.
I'll take your children, I'll sell them to some Haitians.
Do you know what I mean?
It kind of smells, it kind of smells of the same aroma as Forels canning.
And it's going to be really interesting in the current environment to see.
See, you can be two things in this business now under the current atmosphere.
The two things you cannot afford to be.
They're both begin with S.
It's the old SS again, which they seem to be all over the place these days with the
bush people in the SS stubborn and stupid.
You can't afford to be either one of those.
See what I'm saying?
How that's stupid.
You can't afford to be stubborn or stupid.
1013 at 560 W.Q.Y.M. I guess I'll give real, I won't, don't have time.
Hey, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The only one mortgage from financial group, the benefits are just incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit, zero fee, and even zero discounted
points.
Get yourself the new low interest rate.
It's unbeatable, just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are just $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $668 a month.
In order to get, once you be financing, you get a new home mortgage from financial group.
You'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call toll free that new number, 1-866-395-LIN.
And get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property with no further
cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing cost, even when you move to
another property.
Get yourself the new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial
group and never ever pay closing costs again.
Call them today for details.
There's no obligation.
Call toll free 1-866-395-LIN.
That's 1-866-395-L-E-M-D.
The Renequal Housing Lender restrictions do apply, rates are something to change monthly.
4.21 APR.
This is which when you're licensed, you weigh in.
Howard David's a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
Danny DeLoretta, who is a major asshole of ice president and general manager for Clear Channel in Tampa, wrote Monday that we recognize the importance of understanding and airing content that is consistent with the standards and sensibilities of the local communities we serve.
They used to stay in the yesterday adding this type of content is inappropriate.
Of course it was inappropriate enough to make bucket loves punch number one many teen to 34 and then 25 to 54 persons 18 to 34 also.
But it's going to be either gone. He's gone. Well here him no more.
But at least they will play an incubus. That's a good sign.
Yeah, we'll take it. I'd rather her incubus than the bubble of a bunch any day of the week.
So the bottom line is forget about it. Okay. We're all done. We're finished.
This is what you some of you people wanted. This is what you still want. We still got some people out there. I want more of this. They can't get enough of it.
Those are the ones that are on the way to watch the Yosh P story right now.
With all of it.
Yeah. It's it's the gospel according to Mel Gibson who's a fanatical traditionalist as they call it Catholic fanatic.
And coming at a time when we're seeing all of the seeds of fanatic religious crap all around the world.
This couldn't possibly be a worst time but nevertheless. Nothing to be a good time. That's appropriate.
Yeah, it fits right in. Sure.
Anyway, speaking of Kerry that the other guy so worried about is if you know he wants to wrap that thing around Kerry's neck,
which he isn't going to let him let it happen. Then he really looked like herman monster.
No, we don't want any albatross wrapped around his neck.
But anyway, Kerry wins Idaho Utah and Hawaii and you see who came in second in Hawaii.
Yeah, you told me this. I already told you Dennis Cassinets. You go Dennis.
He was the only candidate who showed up in Hawaii said, hey, somebody's got to show up here.
They showed him with the lay around his neck or maybe there's an albatross.
John Kerry wins all three states yesterday in Hawaii, Utah and Idaho.
What were the numbers? Let's see. Who I. He had 46% Cassinans 30 because he showed up.
What a Cassinans get.
Edward's third with 13% and how a Dean got 9% he was still on the ballot.
Idaho Kerry beat Edwards 54% to 22. Got it. Got it. Dean got 11.
In Utah, Kerry 55% Edwards had the.
But third man and Cassinets had seven. So again, just sweeping his way through the states.
Kerry continues plowing his way through 27 after 10 at 560 WQM.
If you're job being worth a crap man, if you don't have two nickels to rub together,
here's the answer for you. Get yourself some training in a real career.
And in order to get started, all you have to do is make one easy phone call.
Just reach over and pick up your instrument and make that call today to 1-866 fast train
because they can get you started in a brand new high paying computer career.
In just four easy months before the end of the summer, fast train can help you get started in a new high paying computer career.
The demand for computer professionals like I always tell you is still growing like crazy.
So call him today. They'll explain it to you. There's no obligation.
What do you have to lose beside a really meaningless job? Call 1-866 fast train.
And don't forget, with seven locations around town, fast trains bound to have a campus close by where you live.
Fast train offers job placement, financial assistance for people to qualify.
And with day and night a weekend, classes they make it as easy as a piece of pie.
If you register now, you can start having that new high paying career, like I said before the end of the summer.
You can have a big one, a big impressive paycheck. If you make that easy call, check them out on the web if you like it.
Fast train.com. And when you call, please be sure and tell them it could really help you out.
The tag direct toward you to call 1-866 fast train.
My line in local, your sports video five cities, you a UAM.
We're here to talk about the margins. Get out of that tip over.
And get some organic love at our back. We took this hard-boiled national in lethal fashion, barbed board.
I'm fine. Some Christopher got sick. I was supposed to retire tomorrow. God damn it.
I had to meet dad to talk about it.
With James Gandalfini as the loyal but doubting dog.
Through all the miracles and magic tricks people are bound to accept me as their Messiah.
Come on, you skinny julk from T'Rollsula. Who's gonna buy that?
Wim the foe as the goblin like a puzzle.
I like you. Give me a kiss.
Trace.
And Joe Pesci has a bunch of sphineless.
What's going to name his punches anyway?
What did he with it? Yes, sir. I just tested me.
Tell me I asked you, yes, I sure he was.
Detailed fashion, barbed board.
Who told you to cross the river?
Yes, I know.
A sproved by the Pope. He'll told him. It was pretty good.
All right.
1032 at 560 WQAM. This is an excellent thanks, but why can't believe Ted Kennedy forgot about the pro-ambition of booze amendment
as the other amendments to take away people's rights? Very good point.
Must have been the booze induced memory laws.
Or the concept that his papa made their family fortune as a booze runner, PSL-UV Ted Kennedy.
And so do I, but you're right. You have a good point.
Pro-ambition didn't work too good.
Just like prohibition of pot is working real good too, innit?
Oh, yeah.
And all the other drugs. Just ask Rush. He'll tell you.
182 votes on that pool already. Man, they are smoking on this.
Gonna blow up right in the old bush, my sister's face. You'll see.
What are you standing at proposed constitutional amendment by the president to ban gay marriages?
I'm all forgates to have the right to marry 91.
I don't care about the issue with divisive 50. I agree with bush 22 only 12%.
I'm against gay marriage, but against an amendment 19 10 and a half percent.
Now, 193. Not doing too well. I agree with bush 12.9%.
Of course, we have one. There's an element out there. If bush said, you know, go to the nearest cliff and jump.
They say, I agree the president's got a good idea.
The ditto heads who agree with Rush and with bush and anybody else whose name ends in USH is in Tush.
You know, whatever. Right.
Ship a job over. She's just good.
Cartoon steps into the real world. This from the BBC can a mere cartoon strip change the world.
Dunesbury creator Gary Trudeau is putting his money where his characters' mouths are and may well find out.
Gary Trudeau is the most influential and persistent voices of liberal america since he started drawing his dunesbury cartoon strip in 1970.
And yet before the last US presidential election, he was backing George Bush.
The reason was simple. Like all satirists he said he was hoping for a bush victory because
Gora's a moving target. Bush is a stable hard target like Quail.
Now he's stepping up from the drawing board to take the challenge more directly to the president.
He's offering a $10,000 reward to anyone who will verify Mr. Bush's account of his military service in Alabama in the early 70s.
In Monday's strip Mr. Bush was seen asking AIDS why no evidence can be found of his military service.
This is ridiculous. He says 800 guardsman nobody else saw me.
What's it take to find one reliable witness?
The next frame has the strip's main character Mike Dunesbury standing beside a notice board offering.
Become a witness when $10,000.
I'm Tudos website. He specifies that the reward is for anyone who personally witnessed George W. Bush reporting for drills at the Danley
in the Air National Guard base between the months of May and November 72.
Tudos told the BBC was making the pledge for the usual reason to keep busy.
Alright.
Ice going you go boy.
Let's see we got three other twirls on this whole thing about the constitution.
Let me say it again. You know you're right winged goyam. You don't understand one thing.
And even if you do understand it you pretend you don't understand it.
The rest of us don't care what the Bible says.
I mean it's some people do care but for their own personal lives.
But we don't make laws based on what your Bible says because if we did that we'd never be able to make any laws
because there are too many different Bibles. Of course the only one they care about is their Bible, the New Testament.
And a Bible says this and a Bible said that and yadi yadi yadi.
It's a magnetic crop of gamba and of course Gibson has to disavow it any kind of intentions like that.
But it certainly leaves the door open to anybody who comes in already.
Price killer. I'm sorry.
Massacres. Right. That's a better than just Christ killer.
Does it really? Well doesn't it sounds crunchier. I see.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
We just don't care about your Bible and the God God said this and this is a sin and that's a sin of yadi.
Right. We don't care that you don't care. We're gonna make you care. Right.
WQA and hello.
Okay, sir. Hey, one of the talk about the poll you had the other day about the this job because I didn't get a chance to call.
Reverend Jones. No, it's not Reverend Jones. Yeah, it is.
Yeah, it is. I don't know who that is. Reverend Jones. I wanted to talk to you. Reverend Jones.
Neil, this is not Reverend Jones. I don't even know who that is. I'll bet you great weeds life on it.
This is only the third time I've ever called the program. Reverend Jones, go ahead Reverend Jones. Let's see what you got today.
I wanted to talk to you about the radio. The guy the radio. That was the disc jockey and forewing Indiana on the field. Scotty too hotty.
Yeah, he did a morning drive by. See you, Reverend Jones. Speaking of drive by keep him in mind for the next one.
Oh, the list. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. We're not gonna get too many calls today because these people are all off to see the passion of Yashkeeman.
To see the one of the most violent movies. If not the most violent movie ever made by the anxious and obnoxious and religious fanatical male Gibson, who's gonna make 25 million and there was William Donahue on your minutes ago.
Oh, and they're packing them into eight bucks to pop it. They're already running out. You can hear the catching man of the change machine.
The big church change machine. They're running through there because business quite frankly has been a little on the slow side lately.
For the Jesus Christ is it's been a little bit on the slow side. So they needed something to really stimulate these aluminum things. Did you see? Are you watching CNN?
Yes, you see a couple of minutes ago they had to see in one of the churches where they're all praying and they're all whipped up into a frenzy by this and the woman, you know, she was squinting her eye.
Switching. See with all her face scratched up and squinting her eyes. Is if the harder she squints the more God's gonna listen. No, that's absolutely true. If you scrunch your eyes really, really hard. Yeah, it draws.
I thought it helps if you talked to me aloud that too. Oh, and the more people that see you praying the better it is in spite of what the Bible says. Yeah.
Wow, I knew these things from the right and down on my right. You raise your arms up because those are like antenna. You know what I said? I'm gonna write it down on my right arm. Careful on my far right arm.
WQM. Hello.
Oh, Leo. Yes, sir. Good morning. Good morning to you. Two things. One thing from yesterday, if I may. Yes, you were pondering about old blades. Did you ever get an answer to that? I don't know what that is.
Yesterday, we're talking about old blades. I know and I don't know what it is. And you're gonna tell me. Yes, okay. Those the old blades are actually the obglets. The obglets of Mary Immaculate.
It's an order of priests like Franciscans or Dominican. And you might know them from the University of Ottawa. They're the. No, I never been to the University of Ottawa. In fact, I never been to Ottawa. Well, you live in Toronto. Yeah, but I never been in Ottawa and I have no intention to go in there. Too many frogs there, man. Oh, no, no, it's a lovely city.
The area. So, the real. Okay. Just moments ago, that's the real reason I'm calling. Just moments ago, you made a remark that next thing we know where we're. We'll be making our base on the Bible. Well, in actuality, our whole legal system is.
No, it is absolutely not. No, it is not. I'm not calling to understand the word to you are. For example, the Bible that talked about all those slaves. Didn't we outlaw slavery in this country after the Civil War? I'm talking about the morality issues.
So, in other words, keeping slaves is a morality issue. Of course it is. And keeping women as second class citizens and not letting them to vote that's not a morality issue. So you have a nice life. Okay. Our co-author, I'll believe I beg your pardon. Obladi, Obladi. I think it's the Greek. The Romans. That's what our system of laws is based on. Right. But don't confuse them with the fan. Right. Okay. And of course, them 10 Commandants. That was really difficult to because God handed them right to Moses. He said, take two of these and call me in the morning. And then he dropped that other one. Right.
He dropped the one that said no, he dropped the one that said DNH, do no harm. Yep. That was a very sad. Very simple. Nothing complicated. Superstitious ignorant people, primitive people who knew nothing about the world they lived in. He made the large, the greater light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night. I'll say it again.
Anybody wants to pedal me your Bible craftman. It is the most ignorant, the most stupid thing. If there was anything godly inspired anything from super intelligence there, they would have known that the sun is a star. And it wouldn't have said he made the stars also because that greater light was the sun, but they didn't know it was the sun. Right. And they certainly didn't know it was the old cockamoon. They had no idea what that lesser light. That's little small thing up in the sky was at night. Right. None of it would be arguable. Right. Because it would have been the absolute word from God who was unlippinant and omniscient. He knew it all. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. this is May. AM. am. AM AM. AM. Am. AM. AM AM. AM.
like millions and damages from Janet Jackson.
To use supper from any of the following,
Dan and Diceight, from staring at your TV
from four inches away.
I'm going blind.
Carpool Tunnel Syndrome from rewinding your TVO over
and over and over again.
Boy, this song is hard to get.
Boy, this song is hard to get.
Boy, this song is hard to get.
Boy, this song is hard to get.
Boy, this song is hard to get.
Oh.
Whoa, Home Depot Pishing Donor on.
Oh, Chaping.
Oh, Chaping.
Enjoying that class action lawsuit against
Janet Jackson.
Oh, this Jackson, if you're nasty.
Let Janet Jackson's downfall.
Oh, Winful for you.
Call 1-800-Title-8 now.
Towing Janet Jackson is not a substitute for getting a light,
getting off your button, getting your job.
It's a 10-47-560 WQM.
283 votes.
We got almost 300 votes already, George.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Smoking.
I'm going to write a book.
You know what's going to be called?
I give up.
Religion as a weapon.
Okay.
Yeah.
Containing the research.
People with it.
Yeah.
We needed people with a book.
Religion as a weapon.
All throughout history.
I mean, just think of these Indians of examples.
We did put that article on the website yesterday.
The one from New Yorker.
That was great.
Yes, it was.
And he says, I don't think Mel Gibson's going to make a sequel in which he shows
how the very same violence that was used to crucify Christ was used by his believers
to off all of those people through the centuries who didn't want to...
They made him an offer they couldn't refuse.
Convert or die.
We're going to be making that movie mouth.
No.
There's no money in that.
CNN is asking that they got a new poll question.
Well, let me give you the result in ours first.
Where do you stand on the Constitutional Amendment to Band Game Emerges?
283 votes.
I'm all for Gays to have the right to marry 138, almost 50%.
I don't care about the issue with divisive 77.
I agree with Bush 34, 12%.
I'm against Game Emerge, but against Amendment.
Another 34 and another 12%.
Anyway, the CNN poll is about the...
And see, they use the wrong words.
Maybe they should call me first every day before they put their poll up.
Because I'm good at polls, man.
I've...
Yeah, yeah.
No one of you in my time.
They like the...
They like the...
Well, let's say.
Boy, Gary.
And anyway, their poll they're taking today is...
Has the controversy over the passion of the Christ affected your interest in seeing the film?
Now, they give you three choices.
Increased, decreased or not at all.
And I'm going to vote for not at all because I was interested in the first place.
And I'm certainly not interested now.
And couldn't give a flying craft less.
They've got 25,600 votes over it.
Now, maybe...
I don't know.
Because I can't move this.
You know what I mean?
No.
Move it.
In the little screen, I can't move it.
Oh, damn it.
So it's either 25,600 or 256,000.
No, it's 256,000.
Increased...
Now, see, it has the controversy affected your interest.
It should say, has it the hype, not controversy.
The hype, the buildup, the media blitz.
Increased 41%, decreased 13%, or not at all 46%.
So if you had those last two, 59%, it's either decreased or not affected at all.
But 41% say, oh, I got to go see it.
I got to go see it because of the hype.
That's the word you ask holes at seeing and left out.
Because, of course, you don't want to offend the religionist.
The hype.
And boy, you got to hand it to Mel Gibson.
He sure knew how to hype this.
Of course, they dragged Daddy out of the closet again,
logging up the starts.
He's spewing his Nazi rhetoric again.
Oh, the Jews, the Distan, it was the Holocaust.
Yeah.
The Jews suck.
Right.
They dragged him out again.
Watch yourself now, Josh.
And I'm going to leave it up to Josh.
He's going to have to keep a real tight reign in on you, Mr.
You said Jews.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, and like I said, they are now that said they're going to be serving popcorn
and candy as usual at the theaters where they show in the movie.
But they're also going to have like breakfast rolls and warm coffee and things
like, you copy until, of course, the crucifixion actually starts itself in the
first few minutes and they start whipping and beating and lashing and the skin
goes flying and all this other body parts, things like that.
At that point, they'll serve Jesus juice.
Of course.
Or a juju-bees.
And I don't, didn't you ever get juju-bees at the movies?
Sure, of course.
Who did that?
Yeah.
Everybody over the edge of Tinder, they still have them.
I think they do.
Yeah, I think they do.
Well, there you go.
They have non-paralls, which are the little things with the white, the little
chocolates with the white things on them, right?
Right.
You've had those.
No caps.
Yeah, I think.
Oh, that's right.
There used to be called non-paralls, but most people are too illiterate to understand it.
Yeah, what a rough mouth.
That's right.
Snow caps and juju-bees and licorice sticks and popcorn.
Oh, maybe for the Jesus film, there'll be licorice whips.
That could be.
It wouldn't be a nice thing to sell along with it.
You can get your Jesus juice or nails and your Jesus whips, your licorice whips.
So you can flagellate yourself during the movie and then eat it afterwards.
You can see there he goes again.
Did you say flagellate yourself?
No, I would never.
And certainly don't say flagellate yourself.
Okay, because God only knows what you have in mind saying that.
I think I have an idea.
Don't do that again.
No, don't know what I have in mind.
Here's Washington Post, the first of three editorials I'm going to read.
They're all short.
Don't get all panicky.
Now I'm not going to go into a reading post today, although if I feel like it, I might.
Okay?
Because I know we got a lot of really good calls standing by WQM.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
A little passion of Christ.
The one place I'm not going to go see is that was that Tamarachimian citizen, Dick Alvin.
Good choice.
Okay.
Good choice.
Dead people get in.
Right.
We don't want no religious arguments over there.
Like I said, religion as a weapon.
You don't believe it.
Well, guess what?
Come on.
We give you a chance.
Debasing the Constitution writes the editorial in Washington Post today.
And it starts out by quoting, you know whom.
It says, today I call upon the Congress to promptly pass and send to the states for ratification
and amendment to our Constitution defining and protecting marriage as a union of a man and a woman as husband and wife.
With these words, President Bush abandoned the Constitution of Election Year politics.
Until yesterday he had said he believed in defending traditional marriage and would support a constitutional amendment if necessary,
but only if there were no other way to prevent judges from forcing gay marriage on an unwilling American public.
Now, Mr. Bush has abandoned nuance, a federal definition of marriage which has been governed primarily by state law since the beginning,
will prevent any state, whatever the views of its residents, from recognizing the equality and legitimacy of same-sex marriages.
The President's explanation of his reversal is unconvincing.
The Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts he noted will order the issuance of marriage licenses to applicants of the same gender in May of this year.
And in San Francisco city officials have issued thousands of marriage licenses to people of the same gender contrary to the California Family Code as his one county in New Mexico, all true and all controversial.
We believe that extending the benefits and responsibilities of marriage to same-sex couples would be fair and beneficial.
We understand that many Americans feel otherwise, but whatever one thinks of the Massachusetts courts of the San Francisco mayor, there is no evidence that state political systems are incapable of responding.
Why can't California be trusted to sort out the situation in San Francisco and Massachusetts legislators and voters to address whatever deficiencies they find in their own courts rulings?
And if down the road the voters of some state out for a legal regime different than the favored by Mr. Bush, why should the Constitution impede their democratic choice?
The Federal Defense of Marriage Act already guarantees that no state has to recognize the same-sex union performed in another state.
Mr. Bush justified his resort to the constitutional process yesterday by worrying that there is no assurance that the defensive marriage act will not itself be struck down by activist courts.
That's their operative phrase again, activist courts. Perhaps not, but it is reckless to set about amending the Constitution to ensure victory in court cases that have been filed.
The President closed his endorsement of the amendment by insisting that our government should respect every person and requesting that Americans conduct this difficult to make a demand worthy of our country with kindness and goodwill and decency.
In a context of a divisive proposal, this request didn't just ring hollow, it clanged.
So the Washington Post editorial today, it clanged. It was a clanker, a clanger.
That's the new buzzword. First of all, they start with the argument, well, how about polygamy and group marriage? That's going to be next and a few activist judges. That's what they like to use.
Let me ask you this. What about those activist judges on the Supreme Court back in 2000 who said, stop the vote, stop the count.
Yeah, what about them? They act.
I guess they don't count. They're active. They're only active. Only when their actions are to the far right, then they're good judges. Those activist judges.
By the way, yes, because you brought up polygamy, who are they to point a finger and condemn it? The Bible condones it.
Right. That's right. The Bible says, yeah, and then back in biblical days, they all had a whole bunch of wives.
They make a stand. So let's all move to Utah. Ones, by the way, speaking of Utah, they show, boy, talk about an asshole, man. Dick Cheney. Wow.
They must have shown it a whole bunch of times yesterday. The clip from the debate back in 19, back in 2000 before the election.
I think it was on CNN and they asked him the question about gay marriage and civil unions in this net. And his answer was very, very adamant with his gay daughter in mind.
I'm sure that is that any two people who want to enter in any kind of relationship that's their business and the government has no business sticking their nose into it and leave people alone and let them live happily ever after.
That is the essence, basically, of what he said. Now, of course, here are a couple of months ago knowing that this was coming down the pike anyway.
He says, oh, whatever the president proposes, I'm all for it. I'm goose step and right in the line because I'm no one pulled the strings anyway.
And then, of course, they're decrying that website with the milk carton that we talked about yesterday. It's got Mary Cheney's picture on it saying, have you seen this one?
It's really great. Hey, Mary, come out against sweetheart. It's okay. Come out. And she ain't speaking. Mary Cheney, the bike, who by the way has been living with a partner for many, many years, a female partner.
And also has been seen wearing on her finger on that ring finger, a gold wedding band. Oh my God. That's right. Just a ring. That's right.
That could just a ring. So something to give Mary a ring. Got it out of crack again. She's got ring around a collar. 1056 at 560 WQM. The word is hypocrisy. What we're looking for, man, is the religious right wingers, the Jesus Christ is are just forming at the mouth. They're rabbit, just like William Donahue. They're the president of cat likely. They're rabbit.
They're going nuts now because they see here's their opportunity now to like put into law to like put and put and pretty soon. I mean, if they had their way, we just called off all the elections. Everybody would have to believe what they do because like this preacher on Larry King last night was pointing out. Well, that Christians this and Christians that so evidently if you're not a Christian, you don't believe as he does. Then you're not part of America, which it seems to me we already heard that once before from higher authorities in this country. 1057 at 560 WQM. In fact, you're
going to remember Tony Blair was the only one who included atheists when he made that speech. Yes, I did after 911. Unfortunately, I'll present to you all he knows is Jews and Christians and one or two Muslims in Dearborn because he wants their vote. Hey, if you're on one of those low carb diets, they're not easy to stick with. Why you know in the beginning, it sounds great meat and cheese and seafood butter, all that good stuff. The only problem is that after about 45 pounds of meat and cheese and butter and eggs, it gets a little bit on the old side, not too exciting. So the lights of Westboker got a good idea. That is to give you with zillions of products. In fact, there were thousands of people who were
in stock low carb sugar free that you can have some taste with some fun, some enjoyment to keep you on your low carb diet. They got breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes and lots more. At the lights of Westboker, you'll find a wider selection anywhere. You open every day, seven days a week from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. And you can always sample anything in the store before you buy it and find out that, hey, maybe I don't like this. They carry a complete line of acting brands, products more than anybody else that are on sale today. Next, sookist on today on our website.
I was going to say, ask Wednesday like today, all day every day. Ask Wednesday. You know, the low carb diet is rated number one. So head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world. It's the lights of Westboker right in our backyard on the North East corner of Glazeds in 441, next to Boston Market or column tool free at 1 877 L.O.W.C.A.R.B. That's low carb. Run the web at slowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only 1D lights of Westboker. It's your official Atkins retail center. Watch your step walking in, please.
Newers like you. Yes, Collier. You're on the air. You have a question for me. No, Sean. My question is for who's his face? Come again. Watch my college.
You mean what's his name? It's the best thing on cable news. Don't believe it. Just listen to what Hannity and what's his name? What's his name? I'm Sean Hannity inviting you to tune in every weeknight.
For once I agree with you there, Sean. Hi, my name is. Help you on here partner. Who the heck am I now? I don't know, buddy. And apparently neither does anyone else on earth.
For insight, you can't ignore from names you can't forget except for the one you can't remember. See Hannity and what's his name? Only on Fox News.
It's 11.03 at 560 WQM. Let's take a few of these schedule for today. Got the mad dog at two gym manage. You got Hebrew hammer four o'clock this afternoon.
Humper Hanne, Kangol Burke. That was seven o'clock, Panther preview 7th, 30 tonight and Roberto Lungo. So how do I'm afraid my make believes who are really staggering these days, especially if Ed Bellford don't play tonight.
Could be really rough. Panther's host the Toronto Maple Leafs tonight at the Macarena 1030. It's Eddie K show after the honky game in Joe and Mark overnight, two to five and a old AM. Here's some interesting news.
Just in. Yeah, Massachusetts senator John Kerry holds a wide lead over John Edwards among likely voters next Tuesday Democratic presidential primary. The brand new pool just come out today, only moments ago. And guess what?
Guess whose approval ratings in the same state are with their lowest levels since he came into orifice. I'll give you one guess. Good guess. Yeah. Good guess. The nonpartisan field pool released today shows Kerry with 60% support among likely voters compared with this 19% for Edwards.
Representative Dennis Cassinius has got 3% Al Sharpton 2% 11% is still mulling it over 60 to 19.
It says the California numbers are mapping the national sentiments that mark the Camillo Directive the field pool. This election is like a national election as it comes to each state. What happens in Iowa? What happens in New Hampshire has an incredible effect, including California? Meanwhile, the pool showed Bush's approval ratings have taken a marked plunge in the last month.
All right, just 43% of California voters now say the approve of the job he's doing while 51% disapproved in January. The numbers were almost reversed 52% say the approve of his job and 42% but now it's 51 to 43 again.
Voter disapproved was hyped on Bush's handling of the budget deficit 67% to turrets say they disapproved of the job he's doing while only 27% approved a majority also disapproved of his handling of other key areas including illegal immigration, health care, the economy and the war in Iraq.
Just 38% say they considered Bush a leader they could trust while 61% said they had doused in reservations at bottom. The Camillo called those figures damning saying voters like a trust and Bush undermined their views of his performance on a wide range of issues.
It's been shown there are no weapons in Iraq that started Americans thinking can we trust this guy in his word plus the Democrats have been hammering on Bush for a month and a half with great effect and it's wounding him.
The poll showed Bush losing to both Kerry and Edwards and hypothetical matchups. Kerry would be Bush 53 to 41% in California that's by 12 points Edwards would be beaten by a margin of 51 to 42 which is 9 points. How do you like that?
So there you go that's up to date that's the brand new poll out today the field pool in California.
5-6 that we want to take at least 20-30,000 calls by two o'clock. Don't we?
But while we can while we still can that's where I work still can take calls and put them on the air because you know the way things are going.
You know what I'm saying catch my jersey. Yeah.
Things ain't doing too good as far as freedoms in America are concerned but you people go out there and see the passion of Jesus pray to the Lord rub your crucifix rub to beads a little bit make sure you have a couple extra waiters in your push this weekend at church.
I would say this if the priest hands into you if the priest wants to stick the wafer in your mouth I would say no I'll pass.
Yeah. You know what I mean? In fact just like you see in the movies a lot you know when they're trying to drug somebody and they stick the pill they pretend that they're taking the pills and then when the person turns the other way like spit them out.
Spit those wafer's out although it might be a little bit too late right and I'll say it again this Sunday if you go to confession make sure that you sit on the right side of that what do they call a confessional booth.
Right now they have names for I guess I guess not they must they have names for everything in the Catholic church. I'm sure they do every aspect of everything bubble my seas but anyway make sure you sit on the side of the priest used to sit on and force him to sit on the other side and you listen to him in record whatever he says it on the comfy cushion at the very least market down.
WQ way him hello. Yeah what's up Mr. Rogers. Yes sir. How you doing all right. All right. I love that Toronto band is game. How about it. How about it. What's going to happen when you're in the country.
I think the least they're going to get their ask it probably say three to one in my kid one goal against the one goal. At least I really staggering right now they're not playing good. Yeah the one goes man he's on fire.
The one goes the most valuable player in the national hockey league make no mistake about it the sad part is he plays in the town where nobody knows who he is and nobody cares. That's the sad part that's right. Well you're right about that bro. Nobody cares about hockey. Nobody cares about politics or any of that.
Nobody cares about anything except early bird dinners and freebies. I haven't seen that for a hundred years. That's all. Where's my free lunch. Where's my free dinner. Where's my early bird. Get out of my way. I'm next online. Yeah you got that right bro. It's full of sports. All right. How would go on man.
I'm not going to get that right pal. It's full of spurs and old Jews and Cubans five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That was an excellent call. I like that a lot. Look at this in less than an hour of power.
412 votes on air. Holy Toledo to be alienating others. Yeah he's here. There's that bitch. Merle and musketeer.
I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get
that right. I'm going to get that right.
all the things in this country would cost me Chapza. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right.
I'm going to get that right. I'm going to get that right. I'm moving onto Facebook right now. I'm going to keep video up.
On Facebook, you're always on Facebook because I don't speak Facebook
on Facebook live, right?
When Facebook comes to Facebook, it is going to make me go so that I don't speak Facebook, because the thing you're listening to is
Religion is the Jesus Christ is the one who wants to push in Jesus down everybody's throat. Well, I'll pass
Oh, not interested believe in whatever crap you want just don't you know don't use it as a weapon
Well, guess what and don't try to impose it on my fat ass. That's very simple the word is intolerance
This is what religious fanatics whether the orthodox Jews the fanatical Muslims
the
Mel Gibson like Catholics William Donohue they want to shove their religion down your throat
You're on good you're I because they want to show you the way they want to save you like all these getkeys running around
How starts putting these things on the door to promote this movie?
Mm-hmm. It's it's no different than if they came around promoting the latest Disney movie
But they love you. I see well guess what?
What not back at him or just Candace Gingrich from the human rights campaign people's attention on
The following poll numbers on the deficit on the lack of jobs that have been pretty I forgot about new Gingrich's daughter
She's another one yesterday
You know that I didn't know that you did hmm. I did too bad. I forgot about it
And of course Mary Cheney come out wherever you are Mary. Come on. Let's see that
What when he banned on your finger the band of gold even what's it in free-to-paying wants to see that baby?
420 votes here
What's your stand on a constitutional men and crap?
Vanning gay marriage. I'm all for gays having the right to marry 248 and a half percent
I don't care about the issue with divisive hundred and four. It's bad. I
Agree with Bush 56 13.3% and I'm against gay marriage but against an amendment another 56 13.3% 56 is in Q 56
Okay, here's the second of these three editorials the York Times
The often liberal but not reliable New York Times not always accurate either but nevertheless
Good editorial today putting bias in the Constitution
With this reelection campaign barely started in his conservative base already demanding tribute
President Bush proposes to radically rewrite the Constitution the amendment he announced support for yesterday could not only keep gay couples from marrying as he maintains
But it could also threaten the basic legal protections of gay Americans have won in recent years
It would inject mean spirit in this and exclusion of the document embodying our highest principles and aspirations
If Mr. Bush had been acting as president yesterday rather than a presidential candidate
It would have tried to guide the nation on the divisive question of what rights gay Americans have across the nation elected officials and others
Have been weighing in on whether they believe gay should be allowed to marry half civil unions adopt visit their partners in hospitals and be free from employment
Disprimination except for a throwaway line about proceeding with kindness and goodwill and decency the president's speech was a call for taking rights away from gay Americans
President Bush is studied on willingness to talk about the rights gay people do have is especially significant giving the wording of the federal
Marriage amendment now pending in Congress it calls for denying same-sex couples not only marriage
But also its legal incidents it could well be used to deny gay couples even economic benefits
Which are now widely recognized by city states and corporations such an amendment could radically rule back the rights of millions of Americans
It is remarks yesterday President Bush tried to create a sense of crisis
He talked of the highest Massachusetts courts recognition of gay marriage San Francisco officials decision to grant marriage
Lessons to gay couples and a new Mexico County doing the same thing
He didn't say the new Mexico attorney general found that gay marriages violate state law that the California attorney general is asking the California Supreme Court to be used San Francisco's actions and that Massachusetts is considering amending its state constitution of prohibitive gay marriage
The president who believes so strongly in states rights and other context should let the states do their jobs and work out their marriage laws before resorting to a constitutional amendment
The Constitution has been amended over the years to bring women blacks and young people into fuller citizenship
President Bush's amendment will be the first adopted to stigmatize an excluded group of Americans
Pull show that while a majority of Americans oppose gay marriage
Many would prefer to allow the states to resolve this issue rather than adopting a constitutional amendment
They understand what president Bush does not the Constitution is too important to be folded spindle or mutilated for political gain
Good editorial in today's New York Times
1113 at 560 Q.A.M. Your Fag Station for the New Millennial
Local this is 560
The all new FCC approved MTV
We cleaned up our act in accordance with the project for a new American century
Carson daily yeah, you're out of here
We got a brand new MTV VJ by digging up the body of Stoocky Lansing
Well that didn't work out too well, so we found someone even less exciting than a dead man
Meek your new MTV VJ Harry Smith. Hello. I'm Harry Smith
Join me tonight for the reintroduction of the internationally famous singing group from Australia
The Seeker
The Seeker
The Seeker aren't completely sure starting tonight
The new at chief in the food and
MTV
This is better communication permission your Michael Powell. I'm certain you'll find this inappropriate for the country came in
I'm just scratching the pipe which will be
1118 it's coming soon with TV sitting there you and of course cable is gonna be a band
We're not gonna watch any of that and certainly no more playboy TV
Right in fact, we want to be really keep your finger real real close. This is probably the last time
She's just opening a package I see what
That's the last time you're gonna hear the audio from playboy TV on issue. I guarantee you that kids
No way Jose
Everything is gonna be sanitized and cleaned up because you're right. It's the culture wars baby
Packed you can't it was right. It's just come 12 years too late or 12 years or too soon
The culture wars between a fanatical religious goody two shoes hypocrites the finger pointers like father's tool and all of those and
The rest of us who just want to leave everybody alone do whatever the hell we want oh
Yeah, we know when's that polygamy gonna get started and group group marriages and all that stuff. Oh please
Please cracker please
Here's a whole bunch of stuff about James Patrick, Kavazellam. I pronouncing his name right or not. Yeah, what about who cares?
What do we know no oh
grew up in a tight-knit Catholic family. Well, thank the Lord praise the Lord
Three sisters and Amy and Erin and one brother so it's a five-kid family
Not as much as the Pope would like, but it's not too bad for Catholic family good and dark. They're still probably working on it
Mid is wife Carrie on a blind date in 1993. She's a high school English teacher
Let's see played basketball in college, but took up acting after entering his foot. He's very injury prone
Hurted shoulder during the filming of the passion was struck by lightning during their filming of the passion is injury prone
He refused to film a love scene with on-screen wife Ashley Judd for their film here high crimes in 2002
The idea of possible nudity conflicted with Jim's personal beliefs based on a strong Catholic faith and of course the idea that they're that you're naked when you're baptized
That's a whole different story and even if you're adult and you're converting and you still have to be naked when they baptize you
Oh, that's only in your faith, mister
No, it's in the Catholic faith, mister
Oh the baby that baby in an oddly poetic coincidence he was struck by what we just got through saying that a
Crew member said I'm about a hundred feet away from them shooting in our glance over and see smoke coming out of Jim
A cabazzill
When he got hit by lightning and then of course they embellished and said he got hit by lightning three times to make it seem very you know
Oh my goodness. It's a movie about Jesus. Well, then why's that trying to kill the guy?
Well, he did it to Jesus why not the Jim cabazzill what the hell do you ever do for your people kill Jesus remember?
No, it's a Christian
Christ killer
That's gonna be our pool tomorrow. What's worse being a Christ killer run?
Yeah, which is worse
And of course if the Indians have it to be Jewish. Oh boy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marlott's line
That's what we want to hear from we want to hear from a Jewish Indian before the show is over today. There's got to be chief
Solomon suit
WQA. I'm hello
Oh, I forgot about that
Okay, thank you 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
I thought it was Greg Reed killed Jesus with I that's what I read
Well, what's with this phone today, man? I'm today. They're not forming it to mouth like they have been maybe
There's no ease. They're all under way to movies. They're bringing their Jesus juice in their popcorn their jujubees
Maybe they're on the way to Tamarack. What do you say?
Nobody QA him. Hello. Hey, no, I'm gonna like this
As a Jew if if the Jews did kill Christ all these goyms and thank us nothing
Sorry, I've been having many times. I've said that
Don't do it again. Okay, stop being so defensive. There's one thing I can't stand. It's defensive Jews. Oh, look at all those Jews the cut
Einstein. Yeah, stop stop trying to you know, you don't have to apologize to anybody for who you are or what you are
Okay, I hate people who want to play that game. Oh, it just been nauseates me
Remember when we used to get those long faxes
Oh, putting all of that other trade stuff, you know, I hate that garbage
You don't have to apologize to anybody else for whatever fairytales you see with me the whole thing is just dietary
Looks where else could it be now the f-word we've tried everything under the sun. I don't know
Is there anything creative we can come up with for that?
Lots of things we could have an hour long discussion about what to replace that with yeah, well, maybe we will the P word
How about just plain P?
Well, because that means something else no it can mean something else what don't think you're in
Well, you can say pissed off can you are you sure how not of course, okay, you can't use it as a verb
It's a little bit of a shock. It's a good thing. We're having this discussion today, right as you haven't got a clue
That was a verb but you were wrong what pissed off is a verb. No, it's not it's an adjective
It's a describe describes a state of mind. He's dead William B. Williams you got it
Yeah, why do you say nobody knows who these people are you're wrong? Okay?
Where do you think most of the people that are from besides Cuba where else do you think is the second most right New York?
And where do you see on this list so far you got Daniel England you at Gene Shepherd, Bob a loose God me only her boss for Anderson
Cosin Bruy and unless you're from New York
What you don't care that's not true
Because back in the day
Okay, I'm playing that stuff
He will given his record and given what his that is that boy heaven help us WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, sir
Over for me. Oh speaking
Yep, I just got to you say in him did you didn't I bet you didn't put him on there?
I know Josh Maldit J. P. McCarthy what happened to J. P. B. side the fact that he died and you still got Berg spelled B. U. R. G
Come on. Let's go. Let's get what it's like him up on the side of that a couple of times
Let's go this isn't a rocket science. I mean it's not like the votes are pouring in here like I'm taking eight million calls
Let's see Alan Fried Wolfman Jack
Gene says big Wilson was in South Florida see Jane in our lifetime
The Wolfman Jack he belongs on there. Don't we have a wolfman Jack bit?
I thought we did something
What's in the um because I know Dick Clark on in Casey Casey?
I thought all of them hosted a national say I show at some point where they played some music
That's a much national broadcast, but like a service you play the dish
We're not we're not talking about that. We're talking about people
I mean if you listen to Dick Clark and Philly which I don't even know where he was on
I don't know if he had his own radio show I'm assuming he did and Casey Casey
I guess we owe that I think I left can we play that one? That's got all the briefs in it right now
We're up to our long distance dedication. Yeah, it's got all the briefs
So we put them on there who Dick Clark case if you like put Dick on every now after watching pulling for Columbine last night
Rollin' a bath. What a bastard. He is close it up
Yeah, close it up not close it. Okay get out of here close it up and then of course Charlton Heston
Wow that was just shocking would be an understanding you son of a thing. Yeah
Racist miserable obnoxious piece of turd just a oh
Discussing and of course the best part of it isn't shows there might be actually a guy
Yeah, good that he's got all the timers now. He probably forgot who the hell Michael Moore was much less the interview
Somebody Q. A.m. Hello
Yeah, speak to me. Speaking
Deal. Yes
How about John Colony and the rocket you're right of course the best part of it is it shows there might be actually a guy
They'll go that he's got all the timers now. He probably forgot who the hell Michael Moore was much less the interview
Somebody Q. A.M. Hello
Yeah, speaking. Yeah
Yes, how about Jack O' Henderson and the rocket you're right I feel the outfit who?
Jack O' Henderson
Jack O' Henderson got a bunch of trouble with yes, he's we when he got bored on that Jerry Lee
you hit a
Great Barrel for fire. Uh-huh and
He was he he was a bad hard time, but you're just 60 right? Yes, sir. Yeah, I am too. He was a
Jack O' Henderson. Yeah, Jack O' Henderson. Okay, you got him. Thanks. Put him on there. I have Jack O' Henderson
Jack O' Henderson got a bunch of trouble with yes, he see when he
wrote on that Jerry Lee
you hit
Great Barrel for fire. Uh-huh and
He was he he was a bad hard time, but you're 60 right? Yes, sir. Yeah, I am too. And he was a
Jack O' Henderson. Yeah, Jack O' Henderson. Okay, you got him. Thanks. Put him on there. I have no idea who that is
But again, why should I know who these people are? Everybody fill it off yet? No, that's the point. Don't you understand?
Sure
How about this flight that the flight to Japan to Tokyo yesterday in San Angelo, Texas speaking? Please
Please try this on precise. What if religion was a valid survival mechanism that the priest debates and yeah, right
560560. 560 on the 18th try it on precise yours. I think it's an extra load
Yeah, it's a little on the loose side
WQA. I'm hello get beyond
Dick beyondy. Okay, good one. That was guilty. Dick beyondy
Vi on the eye. Can you handle that? Vi? I mean, why don't I have to spell all these guys? We don't know who they are
You don't know who Dick beyondy is or was? No, he used to be a WWE. WWE and Buffalo. I went to Chicago
I hear you say these names like the hardest drivers, you know, the oldies. No, no, no, not like hardest drivers
That's that's obscure. These are well-known radio personalities. You're saying well, I was gonna say you're in a radio business
But, of course, that would be a real stretch. So I apologize
Okay, you've never been in a radio business. At least not in Miami. Lucky business. Yeah
I mean, is QA in a radio business? No
Close
Not even close, but
We do have our own lineup of all local shows at least until whenever at least during the week, right?
D-digital. We don't have any piped-in garbage or except me piped in from Toronto, but nonetheless I'm talking about
out of town in in Vaders
People that are syndicated in the 80 million stations. Do I have no idea where to find you people?
I know where to find you and I don't want to
Other than South Florida who's your all-time favorite radio personality cousin, Brucey 21, Wolfman
He's standing still baby
21 just what honor is got 21 dick perten 10 people like dick
Jean Shepherd 9 Juliel Marconi his show is fantastic 9
Big in Italy big of the Vatican
Larry Lujek 7 Scott Neonie 7 Bob Collins 4 William B Williams 4 Morita K 4 Denning Room 3
You see this thing starting to take a little shape now, man. 111 votes. You see that
Yes, it
Casey case and three Bill Bailey two
Alan Berg we find I got this spelling correct. I don't know. He probably don't carry still dead
To Dick Clark got to two people like dick. Oh god. Do I hate him now like poison?
Anybody who watches a voting for Columbine
Just hate to Clark like hell Harry Harrison 1 Bob Lewis 1 Bob alloo Arne Ginsburg 1 Charles like a Darrow 1 and
Brother we's the brother we's W E I S Z
How about W E E E E we's okay we's W E E E E E we's not not white
brother white
Man like I said smack him on the side of the head with a gigantic baseball band
And we're with a giant instrument that
Behind that big block when just got the one that rushes got there on our website
That's the geyser no votes yet
For brother wise we safe him McCarthy Martin block Bruce Bradley Jack O'Henerson also misspelled Alan Fried
Joel Sebastian Lee Allen Barney Pip or Dick Beyondy. Oh be I spelled it for you right here on here
B-I-O-N-D-I beyondy B-I-O-N-D-I
I-I-I-I-I got it we got it B-I-O-N-D
God
Spelling is not a great American virtue
And I got these two guys you'd approve it what I'm not spelling these oh Josh is doing these like I said Josh is
I'm a type being typed directly onto the website if I copy it and then he copies it and then it goes to the you know
That's three I've got only knows what kind of mistake they have in there WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, yes sir
Is this the radio this is the radio station yes WQ a.m. Oh, oh the deal how you doing pretty good
Hey, I'm just wanted to comment
Yeah, the
I think my plan to go join the presents with potential races good and I'll tell you why yeah
I think once the democratic
nominee settled yeah
Is this a radio sounds like you to me is the radio WQ a.m. Hey listen. I'm sorry
Once it's settled I think they're just gonna start talking more moderately
Either carry your Edwards and more moderately yeah, you know, they're just gonna tone it down and
Okay, well tone it down pal get out of here
We're gonna tone it down and
Can I ask you a question all right is this the radio
No, we're talking about it. It's talking about it. Oh, but it's what oh, we got it
Hey, listen, we got our own local lineup. We got the mad dog at too. We got the humparate chula's at four that's a Hebrew hang hammer and the Hebrew hammer to you
Four to six there. I heard Hank in the clearance yuckin it up together on Friday afternoon
I was sitting here and doing a little work and I potted it up and they were like doing little
Everwillian a handgiven that was yeah, that's what they were doing six thirty panther preview seven o'clock to practice at the Boston
Bruins man
Please beat those Bruins eddk 10 and Joanne Mark overnight
By the way, Eddie Balfour is not playing the line against Carolina
He's just got a little back problem and it's just they lie so much, you know
Did I mention that Trevor kid sucks?
If your carpets look like garbage right now they even maybe smell not too sanitary
It's time to do something about it. That's right call my good friends a dry concept
You know twice raford is doing in a real typical QM sales hole for a little while or he actually had a little bit of promise
You know what and now he's just a do nothing kind of guy kind of like Todd direct just refuses to do anything
You better talk to somebody else about getting Josh hooked up with an internet connection because tablonever
I try and never do it all right
Just like you'll never get me any copy. We'll never find out about Katrina
We'll never get any answers to anything because Troy's too busy. Yeah, you know chasing after a tail
Anyway dry concepts is the best of the business and bringing your carpets back to life looking brand new
I've been using them in my houses houses
For over a year now and you ought to be doing the same what you said hoses
Houses I said I said we've got maybe an accent because I was about going to the house
Anyway, they use only certified train technicians who will drag clean your carpets just like same ideas drag cleaning your clothing
Nobody else in the world does it which is exactly the reason that nobody else can give you such great results
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job
No scams out of that per room baloney no games no riff off just a fantastic unbeatable job every time
Your carpets are drying a couple of hours. They smell them and your fresh and look brand new
You'll be amazed you'd never dream of calling anybody else again
And when you call dry concepts be sure to ask them put you understand by a list which can save you an extra
15% off the already low price on that next car for cleaning
Call them today. You'll thank me for returning on to these folks. They're the best in the world
Call dry concepts tool free
1 800
2 4 8 5 0 7 1
That's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or if you want more info check them on the web at dryconcepts.com
And law this is for 20550
The U
I said when I grow up that's what I want to do
But now it's run by green corporate
They don't care about the plot of my not you
All different power
Look
He
Oh
Baby
Love a pretty cute 560 where did you find this QMDJ thing? This is from a hundred years ago
Oh, well the book of Brian sent that to me. Oh figures
But this is cute. Look at his tentclarent leisure wood
Charlie Murdock Jim Dunlap remember Jim Dunlap I do
He's a tiger
Feel winners and of course our very favorite dear friend
Rick Shaw see wow from what year I wonders this we don't know
I'm sure it's the mid sixties mid to late sixties. Well look at the songs that are on this is the QMDJs on the
Hit list
Wouldn't trade by the bachelor's I never heard that
Feel fine the Beatles wife all day all day all day all night all day all night yes elect 64 65
As tears go by Marie and faithful mr. Lonely Bob even the Polish Prince roses are red
Oh, it says right there 65 you're right. Where does this thing up a right hand corner?
Oh, yeah, January 2 65 beginning of January 2 1965 35 39 years ago and rich Ross still going strong
I am not ready like that nice girl Rick hanging there, baby by the way magic sucks, but in Rick knows that
Rick knows that he knows that Hamilton guy. What's it got Bob Hamilton?
They have to send his ass out of bust the Hamilton I go down to take care of him for Hamilton the fourth
A rose in a baby Ruth Jean Pitney got to be strong. Why sure like Jean Pitney a lot
Supremes come see about me love potion number nine by the searchers Jan and Dean sidewalk surfing little off key
Of course happy by my good friend Steve a lame oh from Rochester or Buffalo where it was from
Dan Stan Stan's the Beach Boys. How might just play that I
Got it
Look at this dance dance dance by the Beach Boys and down after that run run run by the gestures
I never heard the gesture do you know the Kings you got me the Kings
I'll be there jury in the pacemakers Chad and Jeremy willowee for me. I'm capital records no less come come come
The Abelie Brothers. Oh, we can't say that anymore
That's a gone gone no it's not what is gone gone gone. What is a bad copy pervert? I didn't do it on purpose all the way
Again come come the wedding
And hold on what girl for a give is by burn it at Castro
Not a sofa girl
So for what the sofa queen queen
I guess that's gonna be the new bed sofa queen
Right speaking of Queens San Francisco to resume gay marriages
They'll keep handing him out to gay couples the cities mayor said is he to finally pressed out with a controversial policy that is
dividing Americans nearly 3,300 same sex marriages have been the performed already and they're still performing it in fact
State Attorney General Bill Lockyer on California said it may be buff guard a governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's demand that he force an end-of-sense
Francisco same-sex marriages calling the director of political rhetoric
The governor can direct the highway patrol it can direct the next Terminator formal V if he chooses
But he can't direct the attorney general in the way he's attempting to do Lockyer said adding that Schwarzenegger's written directive
Was a statement designed for consumption at the Republican convention
In a fast-fried tonight to the home of a Lockyer aid the governor wrote
I hereby direct you to take immediate steps to obtain a definitive judicial resolution in this controversy
The message also said that San Francisco's actions to wed gay couples present an imminent risk to civil order right
Lockyer called that statement
Proposterous and said it's the kind of exaggerated hot red-wicked that risk throwing people up to commit hate crimes
I always under yesterday of course like I said before a Nader and was equally ludicrous
And they brought up that thing about Orange Snatches Bill make 20-year residents
I love to have a run for president always Tim if you will support me of course
I would run team if you would support me. Oh come on
Are we we that stupid in America?
We we that dumb already scary man. It's a scary
That's why we're taking this one last gas today this throwback to radio back when your radio was worth something worth more than a dime
I bet you name worth more than that
Right now and then I tell you wolfman Jack would pass cousin Brucey like his hair piece flew off
Other than soft Florida people who is your all-time favorite radio personality wolfman Jack 34
He even had a song done about him by the you guess who we do that what happens somebody's heard of him
cousin Brucey 24 Jean Shepherd 12 Grille-Almo Marconi's doing well. He's got 11 hope you're out tonight to eight you go
Google dick pertin 10 Scott Mewney 10 little puny Scott Mewney
We can be Williams eight Larry Lou Jack eight. Okay. Let me ask you this
You heard of cousin Brucey obviously
Yes from you. Yeah, dick pertin. You know he's been on the show
Great. We got his name. We can be one of this Larry Lou Jack. You know we play Larry Lou Jack
Those are the bits that those are the names that I know the Casey case him of course Casey
He's not Maria the K. They've ever heard of Marie Kaufman Maria K Alan Fried from history. Yes, Florida. Yes
Okay, these are national names Alan Berg in fact you would have one I mentioned him to one of guys shot and killed in Denver
Right, but I didn't know his name. I just knew this guy in Denver the guy. Well Arnie Wu-Woo Ginsburg, you know just from you
Babaloo JPM McCarthy you heard him the
Steel monitor the
161 votes. See I'm gonna guarantee you by the time we get to two o'clock today
We'll have a won't have our usual phenomenal 800 a thousand votes to two o'clock
But we'll have enough on there that you would be you would we like to have by two o'clock when you finish the show mister
Okay, when you do your sensational polls on eating ass, which we can't say that lower can we yes we can don't he's
right
Kosher sure no
560 505 60. What are we doing the next couple's contest? We do already have an entry and you can you I guess they can send some entries right we're gang on all
I know we're gonna do it
Still we can just hang under the pictures until we do want to email your pictures
We got a night a very good one for our next contest contest at neo-rogers.com
Now we back on the online or not I don't know Aaron. What do you mean you don't know?
Well because I'm not listening on the internet well
It might as well be for all the input you're given when these great names come on come on
Somebody come up one. I did I came over the guy and then they got shot in Mark pony who's doing gene healy
W.I.L.S. in Lansing. I love gene healy nobody's gonna and how about Eric oh yeah, that was his name erico
When I used to listen to great radio I lived here so you named all those names
Here's one that says from mark
I missed the first 45 minutes of your show
Did you mention the announcement that jigsmeek tonal be retiring after this season?
Does this mean jelty would get the game finally get away from mo?
Well first of all after the season there ain't gonna be no season next season and after that
If there's gonna be any panthers, I think it's highly dubious
So I wouldn't get too carried away. I didn't know that jokes. Myster's retiring. Did you who we just found out?
God jesus, you know, he is what he is. He's okay. I've been I've been a little harsh on the jigsmeister since he came to town
But compared to some of the other compared to a day van boring on those marlin games. Oh man jigs is great
Got to boot it out of this time very uncertainly in two years. They wanted Joe Bowen back big time
We want Joe Bowen back baby. I got news for a jigs you ain't no Joe Bowen believe you me when I tell you that
Let's do some hockey talk. Let's get a rumor on there. What do you say? Okay?
I'll call it here makes the save probably skates by the fuck underneath him single
He said puck by the way
That's my good friend dicker than junior two now the islanders leading Chicago bossy again and then he put that in the third
No, no not to these pot fans spectrum the Rangers still ahead of the flyers Danny to the ones
Leaves into the center. I'm a lonely
We're going in all the line. I know who that is of course delayed and not so great Danny Gallivan highly overrated much you all an answer
Center eyes every other. You always sound like he was constipated. Let's see AC DCD
Dan and mine is over you are the all-time great dog tracked
The grease man right
Well, let's just put the grease man. I got a no dog track took me a second right right
You know grease man. Ellie
The grease man he only got five what about ten million dollars
Doctor to man. He's had his he's had his run ins he's had his run ins within word police in Washington
See so they were able to rip a stud ring John on Howard sperm this morning all morning
Well that you know that'll get him by one day. What are they gonna do tomorrow? See what I'm saying ripping the kid?
Well, maybe they're just gonna take the easy way out and not talk about it
They're gonna pretend maybe that maybe that's the victim for a male
Carmas. We could take the easy way out and not talk
Just want to talk about it
But but I will because I think the audience deserves especially our audience are right to know the kind of chilling
That's going on chilling. It is chilling. There is no such thing as free speech anymore
And so those of you who want to go out and vote for Bush again
Or we'll have to give it up all your freedoms and give it up all your choices and having like four or five companies pop up every
Damn thing in life. I'll go right ahead or
Or hope for our native and be an idiot again you people to go out there and vote for a native man
Trust me what I tell you you have to be you have been putting in the silence somewhere
Let's get the straight jack a concession for that crowd
That would be like people who bid on Michelle Brainer on sorry Michelle. She's a sweetheart. I'm a I'm sure she is
I'm talking about Pompa no park now, right?
Right. Hey, let's talk about let's talk about the old drivers my good friend Dick McCumber senior man
He could drive one and Ted Taylor and Philly Poppinger and Tommy Wilburn
Those radio that Alex Alex Winger drove fat rich sent to me and I put it is the night couple with you though
The 40th anniversary program from pop it a park and they showed they showed the
Leaving drivers and trainers from back when they opened in 1964 pompino
Emboided that bring back some names. It was scary. It was shocking Frank out Frank Taylor Alex Winger ice-cold air Dick
Fineberg did a good job
If you're looking for some excitement, this is a place to get out to a pop it apart racing and poker fat Rachel
Said you who warmed up real big in the third race?
Cheer for your horse from the rail or enjoy fine dining in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor as you watch the only
Night time horse racing in the entire state of Florida if poker is your game
Then match your skills at pompino parks fabulous card room. You have to be over the age of a hundred to get in though
Live racing and poker takes place five days a week including today
Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday live racing begins nightly at 7.05. We have the poker room is open noon till midnight every
Live racing day including today coming up this Friday. I don't think so. I think this is the copy from last week. I do believe
Yeah, see Steve Wolf and Troy both screwed up last Friday
I missed the second one of the hundred and twenty five thousand dollar Maclubelle trotting series and this past Saturday
I missed the second one of the two hundred and fifty thousand dollar
I'll equip a pacing series and free prize drawings that were going along with it too
So too bad you weren't there last weekend, but I'm sure there'll be some real good stuff going on this weekend
And I'm sure Troy Stretford that I was just talking about only moments ago. You know Troy
I'm sure he'll get us a new copy before the end of the week because this is old and outdated
Really still and embarrassing Troy. It's kind of like you are sweet art and embarrassing man
Time to get back to the dolphins do something that maybe you have a little bit of talent doing because sales work that ain't it
Easy to get the pompino park. It's just a half mile from both on 95 and the turnpike and it's like I said
featuring free admission and free general parking for every day too for more information
Erasing schedule if you want to find out why Troy Stretford still has this give me account call pompino park at 972
2000 or check them out of the web at pompinopark.com
Don't forget the poke room opens in noon in just a few minutes and continues to midnight live racing two nights
705 at prestigious pompino park
Give a sh** anymore
No, a day in the life of three baptists
Hey fellas, let's do something like this. How's about we go shopping like the camear?
We can't
Look as camearts doing a promotion on that their Hercules movie put out by
I think I got it. What let's go save the lost world that's a rassic dinosaur movie. Oh
We can
Cuz Jeff Goldblum's in that and he used to date Laura Duh
Look there's always a baseball game I like baseball
I
Love it
The only game on is the Yankee game. Yeah, so the smith brighter didn't do nothing. Yeah, but they're playing the angels
Well, hey, let's watch some TV and NBC's got third rock from the sun. NBC's are out of watch
We got
We can't
Cuz third rock star John Liff guy who was in that but loose movie with Kevin Bacon
It was in that Merrill Street movie the river wild and Merrill was in silkwood with sharing Kurt Russell and Kurt was in
The computer war tennis shoes
Hey, hey look at here in the paper
Blue Perry sign and autographs down at the record store
No, look was in the fifth element with Bruce Willis who was in die hard to with John Aimos from good times who used to live next door to
Calvin
Yep, looks like it's deliverance again
Oh
From a still unknown Miguel won't be in this week because he's busy practicing for going Wednesday to see the passion of Christ
He's passing about Jesus, huh passionate about it. Is he really no figures
Anyway speaking about the FCC business and the excuse that Michael Paul and all these other right wing Nazis are making out that they were cracking down
Most Americans think the exposure of Janet Jackson's right breast booby during the Super Bowl halftime show was crashed
But if you believe it's a federal case this according to the A&P an
Associated press pull on 54% of those surveys and they thought that the act in which singer Justin Tinkerbell
Snatched off part of Jackson's boost the interview her breast emissions and TV viewers was in bad taste 54% thought it was in bad taste
Which means the other 46 thought it was a in good taste. Don't say it
Well only 18% thought it was an illegal act which means 82% of America thought it was not an illegal act and it was no big
Timmis, okay the FCC is investigating whether the broadcast violated federal indecency laws
According to the poll conducted by the A&P for the A&P by Ipsos Public Affairs the FCC ought to spend its time on other things
Nearly 80% of respondents said it's a waste of money to investigate I
Can see how parents would want their children to see it to Diana Forster a 50-year-old resident of Nicholas County in a relation to
But foster in a central part of Kentucky, but an investigation is a waste of money sure
It wasn't very nice, but they're using our tax money for this
Holy cow
Recent polling found a solid majority about three fourths who say they would support stricter rules on nudity and sexual content or regular TV channels
regular TV channels
Not cable. I guess I should probably be death thing again every day. Shouldn't I every day? It's scary
Almost half of the young adults between the ages of 18 and 29 said the Jackson's and it was neither illegal or in bad taste
They thought it tastes pretty good. They liked it tasty. Right. Tata
Although it is pretty frightening to think that a little more than half 18 to 20
You must have said the opposite like well that was terrible. Don't do that again
Because we can see it on the yields website anyway along with the very nude a list of Milano, right?
Right. I mean forget about that thing. We got more more that going on on your Rogers dot com
Then you can shake your limit
Right we got the W. Rippen hillaries thing off
And you got Russian serding
Gannicky enormous
Suppositories
God only knows where he's sticking out of them. It's therapeutic
It's and then don't forget that last supper thing. That's a beautiful thing to man our website is so good right now
And you have Eric to thank for it. I school in Eric. It's by the moving and all the other important things that you have to do
He is the best
This week
Tamarack movie theaters super not having security to control on really retirees the signs on the box office window of the Tamarack cinema five
Import customers not to bang on the glass or make crude comments to employees about ticket prices
Well, what's the deli in sunrise where they have security guards because the old Jews go there every every Sunday
Pumper nicks. No, no, it's not a restaurant. It's a deli. Oh, what else in any of that place?
It was a sponsor one upon once upon a time
Oh my goodness. I can't believe I forgot the name of that joint and if you could see they got like 15 ankle
Paramedics that work in there because the old people are pushing them push cards and knocking each other down and just going crazy in there
Wow
It's a Jew jam in there on the weekend. It's it's unbelievable
anyway
You don't remember that place no
The discount movie theater and Tamarack the manager described as patrons as the worst
She's ever dealt with saying they're filthy remarkably employees and tears and you wonder why wolfies went out of business
The offending movie goers aren't the teenagers typically found milling outside theaters across the country
They're senior citizens from the retirement communities surrounding the theater on McNabb Road that volatile combination of
Retarries and unruly behavior
Recently thrust the theater in the middle of a nationally televised manslaughter case now the movie theaters owner and property manager
Find themselves locked in a lawsuit over whether they should be held responsible for possibly millions of dollars for
Retarry Irving Rosenberg's death
Rosenberg 74 lapsed into a coma shortly after Seymour Seymour's shot 69 hit him
Causing him to collapse and slime his head on the ground Allah Bobby Atkins authorities led to the seven-inch skull fracture Rosenberg suffered killed him
16 days later November 24, 2002
The Rosenberg families attorney maintains the theater chose profit over safety by fitting to have a guard or other security in place that night
Despite some relatively patrons previous poor behavior and other assorted problems around the theater
The theater's negligence was so egregious that punitive damages are awarded side Michael Sobel the family's attorney
The fact is clear the fact is that elderly patrons do not equate to crime no violence so well said
That's a totally false premise. There have been many other incidents involving elderly people in the movie line in the theater
And in the plaza this particular act of violence was foreseeable and could have been prevented through the most minimal efforts of the property owners
And attorney for the theater's owners and property manager called the claims against his clients a joke
Kind of a six-stroke you've asked me the whole thing
Yeah, because we have a bunch of barbaric old parts
We have seen the citizens in South Florida who behave like a bunch of animals man like a bunch of crazy people
Just as George he went to the movie this week. Oh man
Crazy people yeah in the wrong theater
All right the wrong theater this anthem will be we want to see at the let's go over next door
Of course that war it's a big discussion the AKA argument out loud while the movie is on by the way of course
And if they do stay in the theater then the busy talking what did you just say I can't understand the
Speak more clearly. I love the one
Don't you love it when they're talking of the screen speak more clearly? I can't it kind of reminds me of my mother that day in her apartment
I never know when the last time you've been to the movies is our yes, but
Any like it's saw think like the volume is hard to hear you know what I mean as in it's definitely most of the time
Yeah, and still they can't hear it
What is it
Girl's go I love the well, it's good if you more names on the poll okay because I want to show you a finger to on his pull
Well, don't show me other wolf band jack 46 he's running away now
cousin brucey 25
Marconi's got 15
Scott Muley 13 jean shepherd 12 Casey Casey 11
Dick pertin 11 Larry doge a Lou Jack 10 Dick Clark 9 Marie the K9 William Williams 9 Danny Rums 6 Bob Collins 6
Alan bird 5
Alan freed 5
Herb Oscar Anderson 3 JP McCarthy 2 Bill Bailey 2 brother wee's 2 Greece man Greece that was I w a p and Jacksonville for about a hundred years
Don't remember the Greece man. I remember the story is about him
Nobody q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hey, no, I don't pretty good. How about our Rick D's not
Rick D's okay Rick D's DES. Can you handle that DES?
Get got it D E ES Rick D's mm-hmm good good work. WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing pretty good?
Got a suggestion for your poll go ahead. I wish it was
Somebody in South Florida because I would nominate you but since I'm not really up the Danum a lot of other people that are out there
I'd have to say Scott for real
But he was just in South Florida like only a matter months ago, sir. Yeah, but he's not here now
No, that's not the question. No, we don't we just don't want people that worked in South Florida
I mean because I was in South Florida and all she was in South Florida under years ago, but where I mean he's a South Florida radio personality
So you think someone in South Florida not at all never worked here right
I know I'll think about it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th human exception with cousin Bruce because nobody knew him from South Florida
The only place these people know of a scottal while they know him from ESPN, but primarily recently from Q a.m.
And like I said on Friday if you wonder why he got smitten can't a Q a.m.
And now you're starting to see all the stuff with Michael Powell and you can't say this and you can't say that
And we're having to delete like over a hundred bits already and that's just for starters
From our DCS here. So you won't hear a whole bunch of this though. You won't hear it taste like a penny no more
I tell you that don't be hearing that baby or the old sofa
King
Got it. Yeah or that or this or them or these or those
Because Michael Powell he don't like it
One two
Sexy from our
You
I
Did
Me
You
I'm
You are a pile of evil, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you
are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are
a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a
miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle, you are a miracle
We have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got
gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we have already got gene shepherd, we
got gene Holded for you Tom Clay from Detroit from Detroit from Detroit from Detroit from Detroit at whites from Detroit at Ohio's
At white From city to Detroit at white到 black율, all the time I know I know
doing dead, I know my manager knows my name lives out of college I know your cooking pops up that I know
Tom Clay from Detroit and Paul Winter.
Okay, you know how it's spelled Winter?
As in some of you all spring.
Why?
This is a summer fall winter spring.
And Paul Winter and Tom Clay, two more great Detroit.
Matt and Detroit used to be the,
used to be the epicenter of radio.
We're going back in a Motown base.
And then what happened?
Uh, the riots of 67.
See, I do agree with Michael Moore on many, many things.
But I don't want to, I don't want to go there.
You know what I'm saying?
And how come you made us so scared of dark people?
You know, those little punks, you know,
you're a little Cuban friends.
I would take a very serious baseball back to all of them.
No problem at all.
I'd like to print their heads in like grapefruit.
Just squash them.
Make room for me.
Okay.
WQM, hello.
Dupfige.
M-O-T-H.
I'm sorry.
567-0560-Pound 5.
We'll have like a thousand names on this list by the end of the day.
Josh, we're going to let you do a little something.
You know, I have to answer the phone.
Is there any free food there today?
No, Josh brought McDonald's for us this morning.
Really?
Yes.
Well, I'll be damned.
Wasn't that nice?
Lighty white of it.
Probably trying to kill you.
Probably this past noon at 560.
Hey, listen, forget about McDonald's unless you're going to leave the bun off.
Now, when you go to McDonald's and Burger King,
I don't know if you're going to do the light spot here.
What?
I don't know.
I don't mean you go there, but I mean, just generally speaking.
I'm wondering if they have like, they call it an actins or a low carb or...
Because they offer like, when he's been doing that for a long time,
but you have to export it.
You don't see it on the menu.
The, um, Burger's actin style would no-bun.
And they'd like wrap it up and would like to let us survive it.
And they put in a tinfoil thing and that's it.
And then of course, Subway's got those little rats.
I know we don't go to Subway either, but it would just be nice if more people would do that.
Wouldn't it?
Or, or not.
Get fat and die.
Who cares?
I already am there.
Anyway, if you'd like to not be so fat, you're on one of those low carb sugar-free diets.
Here's the story that you're going to fall in love with because they're going to give you the variety to stick with it.
The lights of West Boca, the number one low carb store in America,
more and more of South Bocaidians are flockin' there every day because they realize that what's going to keep them on at the...
The dye of the virus, the low carb deal, is something with some taste.
Because all of the low carb diets, generally speaking...
The gizmo come into your life, I'm Hollywood, with another edition of America's Bottom 40.
Want to you buy the Oxy-5 Company's newest acne medication?
Oxy-Lon 5 for simple free teenagers.
It's so close.
To be a little quicker on a tape, boys.
That's a good show.
We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting them down.
Record stories are showing up.
For some unknown reason, you're buying them and I'm using them as coasters.
First, let's review the top three songs on the charts.
At number three, Guns and Roses is singing Sweet Child of Mine.
Well, if I had a child around the house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitarist, slash, and his co-words.
Stay the hell away.
At number two, you will who assist.
They are eaten or liven in a perfect world.
And especially not for you, you reason't you don't speak proper English.
And at number one, George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back.
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
And at number one, George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back.
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
And Roses is really accurate.
Under strong gunner, George, they're bad.
Low-carb gas.
Oh, I thought that's what you got from the low-carb diet. A lot of gas.
Oh, I got some bad news.
Ready?
Patrick MacSorley, an oak Hindu, a hockey player, Marty MacSorley, who waxed Donald Brashear on the side of the head.
Patrick MacSorley, one of the most outspoken victims in the clergy's sex abuse scandal, was found dead early Monday in Boston, as lawyer said.
MacSorley, 29, a victim of defrocked priest John Gagan, had been one of the most vocal critics of the Boston Archdiocese since the sex abuse scandal first broke two years ago.
He often appeared at news conferences called by his attorney, Mitchell-Giurabedian, and criticized the Archdiocese for showing up.
He was suffering abuse of priests, including Gagan, between parishes, rather than removing them from positions where they would have contact with children.
The Archdiocese received a call from Boston Police early this morning, informing him that MacSorley had died.
The Archdiocese wouldn't come and would cause the death, saying not all members of his family had yet been notified.
Patrick MacSorley was the loving son of a caring father. He wrote a victim of the sex abuse, the Archdiocese, and said,
MacSorley had a troubled life, who was arrested on drug charges in July, less than a month after he nearly drowned, after falling into the Niponson River.
Boston Police wouldn't immediately confirm her story, but a spokesman said they responded to a call of a body found in an apartment in Boston's north end early Monday morning.
So there you go, nice going, Father Gagan, the only problem is he already paid for it, Father Gagan, he's still dead. That's the good news.
And the public sits back and they're all going to run out there to see the passion of Christ, which will be a nice job of deflecting, talk about the what would Todd Dogg, Wagon-A-Tail again or how it goes.
Take the attention to the spotlight off all this crap that's flaring up again. Oh no, we don't care about that, we want to go see all about Jesus.
All the good Catholics go there and rub your rosary beads and take all your smotters and your miters and your wafers and your wine. Have a good time.
All these ridiculous fairy tales that the world is just obsessed with.
Here we got a country that's been taken over by a venture born again in lunatics, right winged fanatics who want to take away every kind of freedom, who I'll impose on you, all of their narrow, myopic view of life.
We want to take us back into the dark ages and are doing a very damn good job of it already, by the way.
And anybody in the inner right mind wants to give them four more years? Like I said, the operative part of that sentence being in the right mind?
No. Shame on you Ralph Nader, you scumbag, you idiot, even his friends at the nation had an article in there imploring him, don't 27 and Wolfman Jack like I told you, 66 as in the 650 WNBC.
And we're WNBC? I've heard of it. Yeah. Oh boy, how did you just, just in the course of my life, I don't want to sound like an old funny dirty even though I am, but nevertheless, watch him, what's happened to this business?
Watch him, what's happened to your radio man that instrument that used to be so enjoyable, so much fun, so much a companion, so much a part of everybody's life.
And if these Nazis now had their way, whatever shows you enjoy, forget about it over the air on television, forget on a cable, that's where they want to get at next.
That's where they want to get their claws into next. I got a muscle, have a little...
Hello, this is Michael Powell, son of Colin Powell, who helped us send me to this lofty position through certain political favors.
I'd like to take this moment to talk about the feel that we hear on the radio airways, and someday I might even turn the radio on and hear it myself.
So I announce from this moment on, all radio broadcasters of the thin clear-tattle corporation, not adhering to the victims handed down by the holy ones of the Saudi Bush royalty, lawards and givers of life, fuck me, sonny.
We'll be stripped naked and medically sold together by Dr. Laura Mangleow to a Jewish child.
I urge you to stop this December Phil, this basic paid for by puttowary publicans, I don't think that's the malnovement.
I was speaking of Phil, Thalissa Milano has stark naked on our website today, she's our featured nude celebrity. She looks about nine years old.
Oh, she looks about nine years old.
We're talking about nine, like I said. But she's got big boobies for nine years, I will say.
Oh, and here's something that probably most people don't care about. I just mentioned this in passing.
Now the WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a little pissed off. I just need her guy, man.
Yeah.
Why is he sticking his nose again in there and just messing it up for all of the Democrats?
Because he's got a big fat ego is what he's got. That's the problem.
You know, I feel like putting my hands through the tube and just grabbing them by the head.
Yeah, okay, good. Go ahead. WQAM, hello.
QAM, online one, which always responds, doesn't it?
No.
Like I said, the hell with him. WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got five for your list.
Okay, good.
Thanks very much for warning us on front, Pellie.
Hey, I've got 42 for your list. Okay, yeah, here's my 700 favor radio.
Here's the question again, other than self-loader radio, who is your all-time favorite radio personality?
Not your five favorites, not your 600 favorites, not your 30,000 favorites.
Absolutely.
I'm third, man.
Your all-time favorite with no S. God.
Man.
Okay, are they ever going to stop doing this?
No.
But it sure is fun.
Oh, look at who's on there. Gloria, step on.
Wait, what exactly?
What's that all about?
She had that injury.
Is she paralyzed?
No, but I think it was a near miss.
She had to have her back operated on in a rod and surface.
With the same thing.
Oh, was that that boating accident by a chain?
No, that was the busing accident where the busing.
Yeah, they were going to stop doing this.
Oh, no.
But it sure is fun.
Oh, look at who's on there.
Gloria, step on.
Wait, what exactly?
What your role is?
Talking about curing paralysis.
Oh, that's right.
What's that all about?
She had that injury.
Is she paralyzed?
No, but I think it was a near miss.
She had to have her back operated on in a rod and surface.
With the same thing.
Oh, was that that boating accident by a chain?
No, that was the busing accident where the bus got hit.
Oh, that's right.
For rehab, they do.
Oh, man.
There's nothing like worse than an accident with Gloria.
Step on.
Like accidently here in her try to sing.
It's brutal.
WQA, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am, a lady.
Yes, it's a submissive.
My favorite.
Go right ahead.
Ziggy, or what the heater?
The box with the hot sauce.
Jerry Blabbet.
Jerry Blambet that was Philadelphia.
Yes, Philadelphia.
Okay.
Thank you.
Handling this now?
Yeah, I got you down.
Got everything under control.
He's got us down.
It's good.
560-560.
I see everybody knows who all these people are.
I never would have been in Philadelphia.
I never heard the guy, but I know the name.
And you want to know why?
Because I'm a radio person.
I understand.
Yeah, that means I'm an old, funny, dead old far, which I am.
But then the less I'm from the day, I'm like radio men something.
You know.
We're just clinging right now.
And you're obviously, well, we've been clinging for six and a half years in this station.
But I'm just talking generally, but thanks to the FCC, thanks to the big corporations,
it's good to step in and line real fast.
See, this is the deal.
Nobody's going, even in the old days, nobody wanted to fight back again.
So, I mean, you know, infinity would pay the fines as long as they were, they could afford them.
It was like a, you know, a P and a T cup.
And a P cup.
But now that they're threatening to, like, tenfold the fines, it also finds for each instance.
See?
So you have something under they find that is in a fence, $275,000.
And if you've played it 10 times an hour or said it 10 times an hour, that's $2,7,000.
And just one hour.
And so needless to say, these people are all goose step and real, real fast because the fascists have taken control.
It's pathetic and it's happening right in front of everybody's eyes.
And I'll say it again for the eight minute time, whether it's Kerry or Edwards or NATO or any of these people,
there is God, there is nobody who's got the courage to stand up for freedom of speech.
When it comes in general generic terms, oh, yeah, freedom of speech, the first amendment.
But when it comes to unpopular speech, when it comes to so-called dirty words and pornography and nudity, all of these things,
most many of which, if not all of which are very commonplace in the rest of the world, oh no, not in the USA,
we're too busy killing people.
We're too busy with murder and bloodshed and mayhem, that's our hobby.
So you better clean up your act.
That's good, clean fun, that violence.
WDQAM, hello, as long as you're on the right end. WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sorry about that, I misunderstood.
Long John Neville.
OK, is it any BEL?
You got it.
OK, thanks.
Long John Neville, he was on the air for many, many years.
About 30 minutes.
About 100 in New York, he was on WOR, I do believe.
Long John Neville, any BEL, he was a little guy, kind of funny looking.
Kind of like Maddie Bell.
What about Art Bell?
No, Art Bell is on, is he back on?
I guess he's back on, I don't know, is he?
Is he?
Brian, is Art Bell back on?
I don't know, I sure hope not.
I think he got spirited away by some of the funny creatures from the moon.
Evil spirited away.
Right.
WDQAM, hello.
Phil Henry.
Phil Henry, wasn't he on in Miami, I think?
OK, yeah.
Other than soft Florida radio.
Just keep plugging along, OK?
Just forget about it.
WDQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Mike, speak in the ill please.
Speaking.
Hi Neil, it's Gene Shuffard, it's definitely with the J, J-E-A-M.
He had our radio show.
Yeah, we know who he was, thank you.
I used to play tapes on K-E-T where he talked to himself.
Is he still talking to himself?
No.
Yeah, I don't think so for as he did.
So it's J-E-N.
Why do we care about how you spell it, OK?
That must have been that art guy again, I bet you anything it was.
Don't ever do that again, Art.
We don't care about spelling.
What things does it make about spelling?
OK, how about Aaron's spelling?
That's why we're in radio.
Looks and spelling, don't kill.
How about Tracy's spelling?
Wolfman Jackie.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Do they have to be dead?
No.
Can I just say, don't I miss it if they were?
Don, I miss is your favorite radio personality?
No, just of you, it's dead.
Oh.
Well, how can you tell?
Come on, don't be picking on that I-Man.
I miss it so far.
Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV.
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped him as in BC from TV.
I love you, Blaze.
I mean, I be Blaze.
I can do anything.
It's funny.
I woke up this morning and I swear my tooth felt bigger.
It is true.
Now cover them up or face the wrath of me.
From the director of Infidel Lire, Infidel Lire comes a movie that will have you bowing seven
times a day towards the box office.
It's Aksmed Almighty.
That's a Sam, you filthy dog.
Do not be being on sofa.
P.I.
is raw, right?
So may I find him, I never know.
Wow, wow, wow.
I think that's your Q.M.
Staff in it.
Run it out there.
Naked is a jabers.
Probably the Q.M.
Fertunity.
Yeah, that is.
Because you probably say there's not a run-and-naked to the football team.
Absolutely.
That's what we've heard.
We'll take your word for it.
W.D.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Just wanted to show that cousin Bruce does have his own song.
It was by Frankie Gallo in the fourth season.
Really?
Yeah, he still used to-
No, no, no.
If that-no, no.
You see you're missing the point.
That was a- they did- they did a jingle for cousin Brucey.
Right.
Yeah, I remember that.
It's almost like a two-minute song that he actually-
Right, no, you were ever then.
If I once upon a time I had it.
Yeah, I'd say actually you can get on that WAVC website that they still have up on.
Really?
It's still on there?
Yeah, musicradio77.com.
Right.
And I also- with that I have two other people.
One Ron Lundy.
Okay, Ron Lundy, L-U-M-D-Y.
From the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the- from the
of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the
of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the
of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the
of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the
of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the
of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the
of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the
of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the
of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the- of the
of the win-the- the- career of the- bringing- be- an-
reason-
14-
音 only to novice-
Come to slap every cardinal's face
Us candle that's peed off John Paul
So they're getting awake of call
A bowler leaving kids alone
Do do's hitting the fan in wrong
But they say we've been good
They say we never do the quote
They just deny and say no
They say it is because today was the death of radio with the Marconi
Oh I looked it up and it was?
Yes indeed. See there you go 20 yellow mold
Scott Mewning 19, the grease man 19, Larry Lujak 18
Oh Larry, Murray the K17 Dick Burton 16, Danny Room 15
Dr. Demento 14, Dick Clark 14, Dick
Bob Collins 12, Alan 311, William Williams 11
Dick Beyondy 7, Alan Bird Reston P6
Allison Steele's got six, Chris Thomas 5, Rick D's 5, Charles Lekkerdera 5
As opposed to some Lekker talents
Arne Ginsburg 4, Bill Bailey 4, Steve Gull 3, Herbastr Anderson 3
Dave Maynard 3 from WBZ
Tom Donahue 2, George Tucker 2, Long John Neville 2
Brother Weez 2 and Rochester
Barney Pittu J.P. McCarthy 2, WJR Detroit
Boring, Martin Block 1, Owen Bob Lewis has got one
Bob allude, he's also dead
Look at the number of people who don't have any
Wow, that's terrible
Don't you feel bad for them? Of course most of them are probably dead
Hope
These people, those guys, for 52 votes and Doug Jaco Henderson none
Tom Clay, Paul Winner, Paul Winner doesn't have any
He was a genius
He also had a TV show on public television in Detroit
He was the head of beard, he was like a real intellectual, Paul Winner
A genius, W.S.Y.Z
I see you're impressed
What?
George the Hound Dog of Iran's, the Hounds Around, Ali Allen, Jerry Blabbet
Bruce Bradley, High Lip, Joel Sebastian, Ron Lundy, Robert W. Morgan
Symphony Sid and Vwana Johnny
There was last, that last bunch has all got the big gun
None!
Shame on you, just not her, their memories stay out of each
hair like one
Here's a facet says Mr. Nader, go away you little Schmidt
From a commie way to the left of you
Plus it says, we run people to get registered and I can't read the rest of this
Is it my facet or your own?
No, that's how it came across
I see
Please register and hold three or four times, okay?
We're with the Democratic candidate's going to be
I think carry Edwards myself
And you clowns out there, don't vote for Pank Buchanan
Don't waste your vote again on Ralph Nader
92,000 votes in that last election in Florida
All we need to was like a few hundred
92,000 assholes
Oh yeah, well we believe in what he said about that's great
But he ain't got a trineman's chance, okay?
If you want four more years of bush, if you want total fascism, if you want them to take away your TV, you're ready on your pop-up poster
Then by all means, vote for Nader
And do the same, make the same stupid ass mistake again
WQAM, hello
QAM
Yeah, just like a place of vote
Go ahead
For Wally Phillips
Wally Phillips Chicago WBBM
Yeah, I've only listened to him mentally today
So I wasn't sure if anybody said him yet or not
You're the first one, thanks a lot Kelly
Thank you
5670560, Wally Phillips, very, very famous, nobody said him yet
No, shame on you people, I'm glad he did
I never heard him though
I mean, there were a lot of guys who were very famous
But they didn't mean they were great, but they had longevity
And I'm saying they stick around a long time, showed up to work on that
WQAM, hello
Hi, Neil, how are you today?
Pretty good
I have one for the poll, I don't know if somebody said it because I just turned in
But was Sunny Hersh put on there?
I have only one question
Wally
Sunny Hersh was a soft Florida radio personality all his life's to the question is
Other than soft Florida radio, who was your all-time favorite radio personality?
Other than soft Florida, very great
Okay, you got these now?
Got them
Now who else, when he just said, oh man it was somebody that was so obvious and just slipped by me
We can't leave them off, we cannot leave the air until, oh brother
Oh, KDK in Pittsburgh
How about Ed and Wendy King, who people?
How about Jack Wheeler?
Huh?
Okay, who?
I used to do, when I worked in Sarasota, I used to do phone and stuff with Jack Wheeler
When I was at WSPV in Sarasota
I would call him up on his overnight show and then I would get to work in the morning
And I'd do my morning show and I would play this stuff back on here
He was a funny guy, Jack Wheeler
Also, Robert Emily, real asshole
But then again, it's a radio and that's what we're famous for as being asshole
Why, you know, why I spoil it
20-2-560 WDQM, hey guys, last, see this, this is unacceptable Todd
I just, I can't deal with you, Todd Wreck, who was in the this morning
And he gives me, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean, Todd, you just don't, you can't cut it, you have no clue
You're a salesman, like I'm a rocket scientist
You're a salesman, like Josh is a open-heart surgeon
In fact, at 215 this afternoon, Josh will be performing open-heart surgery on Todd Wreck in the QM bullpen
That's open face sandwich surgery
No, I heard it was open-heart surgery is what I heard
And there'll be a, that'll draw a hell of a crowd, I guarantee you that
Some people might come in early to watch that and help
Anyway, if you got a measly, visibly paycheck, can you just make enough to rub two nickels together
Your salesman, like Josh, is a open-heart surgeon
In fact, at 215 this afternoon, Josh will be performing open-heart surgery on Todd Wreck in the QM bullpen
That's open face sandwich surgery
No, I heard it was open-heart surgery is what I heard
And there'll be a, that'll draw a hell of a crowd, I guarantee you that
Some people might come in early to watch that and help
Anyway, if you got a measly, visibly paycheck, can you just make enough to rub two nickels together
Change your life, get yourself a career by calling fast train toll-free at 1-866
Fast train because in no time at all, they can help you start a brand new high-paying computer career
And say goodbye to your schmuck boss
In just four short months, fast train can really help you get a new high-paying computer career
And the demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy
As fast as Todd Wreck knows
Anyway, if you got a measly, visibly paycheck, can you just make enough to rub two nickels together
Change your life, get yourself a career by calling fast train toll-free at 1-866
Fast train because in no time at all, they can help you start a brand new high-paying computer career
And say goodbye to your schmuck boss
In just four short months, fast train can really help you get a new high-paying computer career
And the demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy
As fast as Todd Wreck knows
So pick up the phone and call fast train toll-free at 1-866
Fast train with several locations there's about to be a campus near you
They offer you a job placement financial assistance for guys who qualify
With day night and weekend classes, no it's used to stay in a dead end job, no more
And if you register now, you can have that new high-paying career by the before it summers out
So call them right now and have a big fat impressive paycheck like everybody else
Call fast train toll-free at 1-866
Fast train or check them on the web
And remember this golden gasser
Wonderful WQAM
Or no way that Napster played
Everything was repaid
Shoot and freechance your widespread
That's where the days
And be freez now and have a dead
Every June from RBM
This year we just knew one day that one site would be condemned
To let me see these more types
That's the fence coming to wait
Shoot at sucks we have to pay
And I was running dead
Oh when you met him up Don Cornell croak
We got another celebrity death I never heard him
Who songwriter Bart Howard died
I did
From my old dancing to fly into the moon
Well fly me to the mooney road
Bart Howard he was 88 and he died
He died?
Complications of a stroke
He died?
Bart Howard he wrote fly me to the moon and he's dead
And Don Cornell in the same it was in just a matter of hours
I'm thinking Richard Dawson I don't know why
Is that fan to say that?
No why why would it be that?
I don't know I mean a lot of people like Richard Dawson
They were big fans of his and he was okay
It was funny on occasion but he had that gigantic ego that stood in the way
If it were you're going to kinks him
Survey said
And then of course when he tried to make the cut after
Oh yeah I forgot about that after Ray Comes off himself
And he tried to bring Richard Dawson back on family few and he weighed 600 pounds remember
Trey was wearing those suits that were like about two sizes too small
Oh my goodness
Looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his ass
All puffed up
Survey said he can barely talk totally info heron
Pretty interesting guy
Five words you're going to kinks him
Survey said
And then of course when he tried to make the cut after
Oh yeah I forgot about that after Ray Comes off himself
And they tried to bring Richard Dawson back on family few and he weighed 600 pounds remember
Trey was wearing those suits that were like about two sizes too small
Oh my goodness
Looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his ass
All puffed up
Survey said he can barely talk totally info heron
Pretty interesting guy
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it
But see there I go again reminiscing
Well this is the day for it
This is the final talk themselves
And they tried to bring Richard Dawson back on family few and he weighed 600 pounds remember
Trey was wearing those suits that were like about two sizes too small
Oh my goodness
Looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his ass
All puffed up
Survey said he can barely talk totally info heron
Pretty interesting guy
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it
But see there I go again reminiscing
Well this is the day for it
This is the final tomorrow we start a whole new chapter
In fact tomorrow I know this is not as exciting as maybe used to be
You're going to hear four hours of
That
Yeah
Trey
Tap out what we want to say in Morse code
No
They're monitoring man are you kidding me?
The Morse code police are monitoring right now
How about they don't have the four they don't have the four language police yet
Yeah
QAM hello
Monty code
QAM
Hello
Hello
And we did
And now a message from physicist Stephen Hawking
Good morning
You may have recently heard rumors about my wifey
Lane beating me up
These rumors are cool
It's a crazy ban she has a heavier life
Look then I'll scare they law
Where are you?
Here she comes
Pretends like you are a glass room full of kids
And so students today's lesson will be
Who are you talking to?
Can I tell you to shut up?
I'm trying to think of beauty rats
Sorry dear
It won't happen again
It better not professor
Or I'll show you the steps again
Oh no
Oh no
No, the steps
The last time she showed me the steps
I went down those things like
A 120 pound slinky
You got that right
If I hear one more pebali rats
And goodness she's gone
Did I tell you to shut up?
I'm trying to think of beauty rats
Sorry dear
It won't happen again
It better not professor
Or I'll show you the steps again
Oh no
No, the steps
The last time she showed me the steps
I went down those things like
A 120 pound slinky
You got that right
If I hear one more pebali rats
And goodness she's gone
But she will be back
David, what did I tell you?
Where did I put my Tylenol PM in Jen?
Roll on over here, sweetie
And give Mama some love in
Oh sweet Jesus, the woman has an insatiable sexual appetite
If anyone is listening to my message
Please help me to meet some booze
And take her old open chicken of the sea
To her cans
Help me
Hello
Hello
Yes sir
I'd like that name of the pole
Go right ahead
I'd like that Al Bolista from CHUM
In Toronto of the pole
How do you spell it?
Al Bolista, B-O-L-I-S-K-A
Okay, it's 101050
It's 101050 in Toronto
Okay, thanks A
Thank you
Got it? B-A-L-I-S-K-A
We got it
We got it
I'm ready to go ballistic myself
W-Q-A-M, hello
Hi
Yes sir
Hey Neil, how about Gary D out of Cleveland?
Gary D
They don't remember them?
No, I never heard them
But we'll put them on there for you though
Thanks a lot
My grandmother used to work in Cleveland
But of course, he was in Miami
So we wouldn't be on our list
I just mentioned that they kind of clarify
As we're thankfully coming to a close
You were right, this is a L-I-S-K-A
We got it
I'm ready to go ballistic myself
W-Q-A-M, hello
Hi
Yes sir
Hey Neil, how about Gary D out of Cleveland?
Gary D?
They don't remember them?
No, I never heard them
But we'll put them on there for you though
Thanks a lot
My grandmother used to work in Cleveland
But of course, he was in Miami
So we wouldn't be on our list
I just mentioned that they kind of clarify
As we're thankfully coming to a close
You were right, this is a great poll question
Yes, it is
No, there's nothing wrong with a question
Let me monitor how L-I-S-K-A-L-I-S-K-A
Why is this any different from any poll that we asked?
We asked one thing, I read the question, make it very simple
Oh, I got 20 or 30 guys, I read now
Then they come up with the, you know
Didn't he invent that thing that you put in your car so we don't get stolen?
Yes he did
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
The Louis Jack
I think the only 9, everybody else was pretty teeny-tiny
And a whole bunch of
There you go
Uh, it's Scott Barrell
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping old women with painted lips around the pole
I listen to the Neil Rogers wonder 2 hour
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers
There in balance Wonder 2 hour
I thought Christy and he was fairy tale.
Absolutely.
His religious thing was not for me.
No!
They held a big convention.
And let the invoices of the people.
I had no idea what I was about to see.
Oh my God!
No Lord will now embrace me.
I thought my tongue to the beat.
No Lord will now embrace me.
I thought my tongue to the beat.
No Lord will now embrace me.
I thought my tongue to the beat.
No Lord will now embrace me.
Oh this is hysterical.
I just saw from your close friend, Lynn's website.
And article from the BBC News.
Morning sickness that's spelled with a U-M-O-U-R-N-G.
Morning sickness is a religion.
Britons are feeding their own egos by indulging in recreational grief for murdered children and dead celebrities they've never met.
Think Tank Syvitas said wearing charity ribbons, holding silences and joining protest marches all indicated the country was an emotional crisis.
The Brits are got the Schmitz.
The author said that morning sickness was a substitute for religion, which I would say.
Excellent.
Good choice.
Pile is such a good guy.
Yeah, there we go that punches pilot crap again.
Here's some good news finally.
It's about time we had something uplifting.
Here's something really good.
Local black leaders plan Tallahassee protests as the hero.
Bishop Victor T. Curry, who generally is a pain in the ass in an idiot.
But that he's finally doing something worthwhile as opposed to like vision about the Near Rogers show.
Bishop Curry is spearheading a march on Tallahassee's head for next Tuesday that is aimed at changing governor Jeb Bush's policies on the F-Cat, workers rights and affirmative action.
Marches will protest those issues at the State Capitol on Tuesday.
During a live radio broadcast this week, curry along with other dignitaries and religious leaders from the AIDS black community expressed concerns about Bush's policies.
Well, it's a little bit late, but better late than ever, Victor.
The march was intentionally scheduled for the opening day of the State Legislative session when the Capitol would be bustling with legislators and lobbyists.
We'll also coincide with F-Cat testing.
And you know what I say?
I say F, the F-Cat.
That's what I say.
And F governor was too big fat cow.
No, that's okay.
No, we just consider a little thing.
No, we don't think.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
We're just going to have a fight.
I don't think we're going to get aimed by online 7.
Look at that.
Yeah, I'm here.
Like I said, there's somebody online 7.
How are you doing, Pound?
Yeah, I'm doing a good, good, good, good, on come here.
Me too.
The, um, the first thing that Jesus is going to do when he comes back
is to get 12 Jewish lawyers.
I saw everybody for royalty.
Oi!
I've got another bad idea.
Especially on these cups and other chachkis at this zone.
Right, right now.
You want to give me an idea?
Please.
The thing is that you cannot say now because of Michael Jackson.
He's got a lot of power and he's a fascist element.
Yes.
Those words say in Spanish and they put the translation in the Internet.
No, thanks.
No?
No, see, I was actually going to do, in fact, I'm glad you mentioned that
because I was going to do a new lexicon.
I don't even want to put any of that on the Internet.
I don't want to explain it.
Well, this means this.
I don't want to do that because then what they'll do because
the devious and dangerous as they are, they'll say,
well, you're not saying the exact word, but we know what it means
and you're showing everybody what you're saying.
I'm not going to do that.
It's like laying a trap for yourself.
No thanks.
Anyway, without the word to the word, you've still got to listen to it.
Amen.
God bless you.
Okay.
I'll read the derchee.
So we got some titles for the show.
You know, all they have to do is look at the bottom of the radio.
Now just look at the bottom of the radio.
Just like in fact, the subtitles are an aromantic in Latin,
which is very exciting.
And of course, you might get the spirit of the Lord by listening long enough.
Please, the spirit of the...
Yeah, it's good.
We hope we can only pray.
I'm sorry.
859 votes.
We need another 141 to get to that 1,000 mark by 2 o'clock.
Now, can we do it?
Will it happen?
Well, maybe.
And maybe not.
All of you enjoy Joseph Gackie tomorrow.
Old penis face.
You can still say that.
Can we?
Why not?
I already said we can't say penis on the air.
That's a very medicinal kind of word, very disgusting.
It is not.
I don't know where you're hanging out.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot you're hanging out in the QMT room where the s-overflowing in there.
Wow.
That is so typical, man.
And part for the course, Greg, you run a halva ship, baby.
Even Noah will be proud.
And on the day that I didn't wear my hip-waiters.
And speaking of those bubble mice, he's those fairy tales about Daniel and the lion's den,
and Moses' part of the red sea.
How about my favorite?
And that, of course, is the ark, Noah and the ark.
Sure.
That happened.
I told you we used to in Rochester.
There was a chain of hardware stores called Noah's Ark.
There was an area of the operation.
And I used to people would say, well, where did Noah get the nails to put that all that wood together?
And Bill, the ark has Noah's Ark in Rochester.
Right.
Oh, and speaking of Catholics and stuff like that, I've told a story a long while,
and now is a good time to mention it again, because I noticed some of the people who have seen this movie.
It's rekindling memories of how they were abused before the Vatican finally said,
oh, well, we forgive the Jews.
They're not so bad.
They're never still afraid of train, et cetera.
In fact, the Jews aren't too crazy when they see a freight train.
It brings back a lot of bad memories.
But at any rate, when I was a little kid growing up in Brighton, New York, Rochester,
suburb right across the street from a Catholic school, no less.
And my two best friends were Jimmy McGuire and David Larimer.
What a memory, huh?
Very good.
I remember David Larimer, because he was really cute.
But at any rate, Jimmy McGuire was a great course.
He's Irish.
But they were my two best friends, and the old time went by, and then one day I come home and were like in the garage,
I believe, and were like talking and whatever.
And all of a sudden, they both like descended on me, and why did you kill Jesus?
Well, why did you?
And I said, I didn't even know the guy for Christ's sake.
That was the wrong answer, and they just proceeded like beating me a little bit.
You know, pound on me, and I had to run in the house very disturbed and dismayed.
And not understanding why my two best best friends were beaten on me,
because they were taught in Catholics who were right across the street that the Jews were beating me.
Kill Jesus.
Hate.
Let me say it again.
Religion breeds hate and intolerance, and you'll notice that all the ultra-religions always use quotes from the Bible.
Well, the Bible says this, and the Bible says to excuse their intolerance and hate of anybody who ain't just like them.
The Bible says this is our land.
Hate as a weapon.
I mean, religion is a weapon.
It's the same thing.
Interchangeable.
Pathetic, sad, tragic.
W.C.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Hey, listen, you know, some of the game marriages, at first I couldn't figure out why people were so up in arms.
I just thought it was like a Christian ignorant and hate kind of thing.
I met somebody yesterday, a born again, and I kind of, which was, I was mortified, and I have to share this with you.
You know, my point was very simple, and then my jurors, it's just, it doesn't concern you as a heterosexual who cares if they want to do it.
How does that affect you?
Yeah.
Especially how does it affect you as a Christian?
Yes.
The answer was that, you know, it's one nation under God, and if, you know, we are on the right side of God, we cannot as a nation support an abomination, because then God will turn his back on this country.
There's an easy way to solve that, and just take those two words out of there.
Didn't belong in the first place.
I heard it.
The Bible thumpers inserted those two words.
When I went to school, there was no one nation under God.
I understand that completely.
They were Christians.
They were Christians.
They were most of the most of the more Christians at all. She's full of crap.
I know exactly.
I'm going to go buy a history book.
I could not weave it, and it was all, of course, the Calvary Chapel, the Calvary Chapel people who are just, oh my God, gnatic.
Yeah.
The other thing on gay marriage is, you know, and that's not on your pole is, do you even support marriage in general, because I sure don't.
I want to know why they want to make them a state and get married in the first place.
Exactly. That's the best point of all, man. We talked about that last week.
Their choice, you know, whatever they want to do and enclose.
And can I hear sulfur king?
Yeah, sure. Good luck, Depelli.
Oh, brother, five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty. See, he said he said it very nicely, though.
You know, is that?
Yes, it was very nice.
I think Bokobryan should like redo some of these bits like that when I can envision it so far queen, especially with all the stuff that's in the news right now, right?
Yeah, what's funny about that, though?
The old sulfur queen, never seer?
No.
What?
Go on, check the reception list.
It's 11 past one at five sixty WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are in credible.
Don't be stupid.
And open up.
And get a penny out of show. Please.
We don't know what you're saying.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit, bureau fee, zero discounted points.
And sketch yourself that unbelievably new low interest rate is just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar on your payments or a mere three hundred and thirty four bucks a month, if you have a two hundred thousand dollar on your payments or only six sixty eight a month.
And don't forget, once you refinance a good new home mortgage from financial group, you will never ever pay closing costs again.
So call them today toll free at that new number.
Call one eight six six three nine five lend.
Get that low rate mortgage you deserve. Then move out of your nice property with no further cost or expense.
Again, you pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing costs.
Even when you moved to another property, you can't be the one with a stick.
So get yourself the new on beatable low financing rate is just 1.25% and the only one mortgage from financial group and never pay closing cost in your life.
Call them today toll free financial group. It's one eight six six three nine five lend.
One eight six six three nine five LED.
The renequal housing lender restrictions apply rate something to change monthly 4.21 APR.
This is the school 20 on FICES.
QAM.
Right hand man of the Taliban second home plate to been laid in.
I'm the land to my house he ran down we hiding in my basement.
And you thought it was over they got silent and I write.
Well the jokes on you you pathetic book.
This one of them came back mullible oh my.
He's a curious or I love.
I tried to tell a recorder but none of them wanted to hear it.
He's an evil dude with the bomb or two and no one cares he's here.
Who the fuck is that?
Who the fuck is that?
I think that's what he said it's one 17 at five 60 WQM.
Tucker I read your facts just now and the answer to your question is I'm not going to read the facts but the answer to your question is yes.
Follow me.
No.
Didn't read the facts you just sent me.
Oh okay no I didn't read it.
The answer is oh you should read that one.
All right here's one from Ray who says your frequent comments on the Nazi like tendencies to Republican party are right on his usual and you are correct.
Following are some excerpts from the online journal on the Bushmeister and family.
The article is a way is way too long to send all of it so hopefully you find this interesting which I did Ray.
Christopher Simpson's blowback was praised by journalist Seymour Hersh is the ultimate book about the worst kind of Cold War thinking.
Noral of N director of the Holocaust archive grads college said the full story on this country shameful cynical collaboration with Nazi criminals.
As I've been told until now with the publication of Simpson's book investigative reporter Christopher Simpson says in blowback that after WW2 Nazis were given CIA subsidies to build a far right wing power base in the US.
These Nazis assume prominent positions in the Republican party's ethnic outreach committees.
Simpson documents the fact that these Nazis did not come to America's individuals but as part of organized groups with fascist political agendas.
The Nazi agenda did not die along with it all Hitler removed to America or part of it did and joined the far right wing of the Republican party.
Ah ha.
Simpson shows how the State Department of the CIA put high ranking Nazis on the intelligence payroll for their expertise in propaganda and psychological warfare among other purposes.
The most important Nazi employed by the US was Reinhard Gallen Hitler's most senior Eastern Front Military Intelligence Officer.
After Germany's defeat became certain, Gallen offered the US certain concessions in exchange for his own protection.
Gallen promoted hyped up Cold War propaganda on behalf of the political right in this country and helped shape US perceptions of the Cold War.
One thing is certain the intelligence agencies know the scope and instead of Nazi involvement with the political right in this country it's a shame they keep it hidden from the majority of the American people.
Thank you Randgot to go out and get blowback.
Christopher Simpson I'm going to put that right over here.
Hey, how do you like that?
Nazi bastards make sense.
It sure makes a lot of sense to me and of course the ties between Prescott Bush and Nazis is well known.
Well documented.
Why should that rocket guy be the only Nazi we hired?
And the ties between who were in the front ground?
Berners.
And the ties between the Bush family and the Venn Lodins is very well documented.
And how come still nobody's answered the question of how the Venn Lodins were allowed to fly out of the country when nobody and I do mean nobody else was coming or going?
I got up.
You.
I see.
Oh boy I'm telling you what a wicked web how is that go?
I'm speaking to that how is the Bob we were doing that's such a shame channel six you were a bunch and speaking of Nazis there you go.
907 votes I think we got a shot man.
Jimmy Johnson would say 907.
Where do you think what where do you stand on that proposal like constitutional amendment to band game marriage?
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Exactly I couldn't have said a bit of myself.
907 votes I'm all for gay stand the right to marry 449.
I don't care about the issue it's divisive 236.
I'm against gay marriage but against an amendment 122.
And I agree with Bush 111%.
And let me say again if you tune in late CNN yesterday and they change it this morning as they are after do but they had a pool.
Starting I guess with that fat obnoxious loot dogs although loot dogs is really turning against the abushmeister because of this outsourcing a job he is foaming at the mouth every night.
Good more so than usual but at any rate they are started to pull on their in throughout the early morning hours they had a poll and the question was should the US Constitution be amended to band game marriage?
Yes 42% no 58% out of over 300 almost 350,000 vote.
So I think like I said before you make an adrived gigantic mistake Mr. President they keep doing it keep pandering those right wing nuts because the fact of the matter is that most of the country like I said before ain't a bunch of religious fanatics.
Just you and your circle of good friends.
Come in a QA and hello.
Hey Neil you must have increased how are you?
Okay.
If you have pitch you don't want to fall yesterday.
No.
Before sure.
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&D and Verizon wireless line.
How come you didn't tell me this stuff came in?
What stuff?
They're good stuff.
I didn't get any of it.
WQM hello.
Neil how are you today?
Okay happy Wednesday to you.
Happy as Wednesday to you sir.
Oh thank you so much.
I just got married yesterday.
Oh okay.
So I don't really don't care about whoever Mary Sue as long as you're happy with the person.
There you go.
Hey do you remember I think it's about a year and a half ago when ask cross in the justice building covered up the woman's breast as I've stat you that was given to us like 200 years ago.
Do I remember?
That was right.
Is that very serious?
How big your pardon?
I think that was passed by Mary and I have crossed to do.
I did quite a lot of work.
Well I like it.
Well you're like a poly a stay married for a couple of weeks you love it.
5670560 pound 560.
How are we going to make it to the end without an outage?
What do you mean by that?
We've had five in the past one minute.
Five what?
Of those of power we've been sitting in the dark and the dark.
Well when that's happening are we going off the air?
I know how that'll shawina.
Hey how about somebody tell us in there somebody in the building of Ron the air or not?
Okay that will be nice to know.
You'll get a few clowns you.
I mean you talk about a bunch of non responsive goofballs.
How come muffing running?
How come she's screaming at it and said what?
That's raining.
The sky is falling.
You're training exactly.
Well that's not what we're looking for.
We'd like to know if we're having on-year interruptions or what?
We've got a very important goal here today.
We've got 914 votes on the poll and Josh says that if we don't get to a thousand by a two o'clock he's going on strike.
And we'll definitely not take over those bedtime stories so that Eric has to continue with his life of whoa.
Whoa.
You know what I mean?
No.
Oh.
So we're trying to do a radio show here and you know see if I would never have said anything.
But what?
Let this whole S.E.C. thing.
I am proud of this.
We've got to continue doing the show.
I'm in your case I mean I'm still panicking.
But I could have continued doing the show and nobody would have really known that anything had changed.
But I don't believe in that because I think that what's good for the goose is good for the gander so how it's stirring and infinity are getting cut back.
And if Bubba Lustburn got canned in Tampa.
I mean these are all things that affect the whole industry and the public has to write to know about the kind of repression and censorship and lunacy that's going on.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
You bet.
Even the Mollmys to agrees.
So I mean you know the fact that we wouldn't play you now who now would even realize if they didn't hear the sofa king fit you know they wouldn't even know they forget about it.
So that one guy keeps requesting it.
And we just says we would have been notified if we were off the air.
Oh my god.
Oh is she a clown or what huh?
Why?
I think too much time in a keys is making her into kind of a silly goose myself.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the all we say he can't pass up a silly gander.
WQM hello.
Nice talking to you.
Well maybe they're off the year whoever's on the other end.
WQM hello.
Hi how are you?
Good.
I'm very concerned about the fact that this is an R-rated movie.
And who's going to be watching that the children are not in this movie?
No.
This is one of the big big things on the right wing.
You can't go in and see an R-rated movie.
That is correct.
I must have said it's about Jesus right.
Exactly.
If someone's going to be raising a stinker the police is going to be there pulling the kid down.
Hell no.
Well I think something should be done.
I'm very insulted that children are going to be seeing in a way.
Well they've had all kinds of psychologists and they've had all kinds of articles saying whatever you do do not take your children.
So you know what that means that people are going to take their kids.
Oh of course.
Of course by the way you're not off the year you have not done off at all.
Thank you so much.
See we have to ask our finalistors because our program directors busy in their diddling the other guy.
Well what do you expect from management?
Exactly that.
A lot of diddling.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Bye.
So we were not off the year.
How do you like that?
Because if we had been off the year and definitely been running it.
Oh Greg Ross the year.
What do we do?
It's been crying.
By the way did duck get a hold of Troy Stratford yet and get some answers to our questions?
I don't know.
No he did not.
See you tomorrow is the last morning.
I'm going to ask about that.
And then I'm going to come right down there.
I'm going to pass on my vacation.
I'm going to come down there.
And I'm going to start kicking some serious ass.
Troy.
I'm going to start screaming just shrieking in that place.
Just carrying on like a like a child.
Ranting and raving.
Do you believe me?
No.
Do you believe I'm going to pass on my vacation so I can come down there and straighten that scooter
place out?
No.
But it sounds pretty good.
Come on Troy.
Get with it.
What happened to you man?
Ever since he got suspended those couple of days when he was diddling the screw in or somebody
at the Christmas party.
Ever since then he just ain't the same no more.
You know what?
He used to be a really good guy.
He used to be on our side.
Now he's just on his own side.
Like kind of laying in the floor back there.
Come on Troy.
Put it up a little bit.
If you'd like to butcher your paycheck up a lot here's the way to do it get a career.
That's right get some skills.
And the way to do that is to call our good friends at fast train.
Tool free to call won't cost you a thing.
No obligation.
But it might change your life in a really positive way even more than that movie.
Call fast train today.
Tool free.
One.
Eight six six fast train.
You can start a brand new high-paying computer career.
And in just for sure at months you can be doing it and getting a big fat one that goes along
with having some training and a big paycheck.
That's right the demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy.
So call fast train today at one eight six six fast train.
And don't forget with seven locations fast train is bound to have a campus close by you and very convenient for you.
Fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people to qualify.
And they've even got day night a weekend classes to no excuses no more.
So if you're working like crazy and not getting anywhere in life if your life is like on a treadmill.
Here's the answer for you.
Get out of your rut and call fast train today.
Check them out of the web for his fast train.com and then make that call that can change your life in a real positive way.
Call tool free one eight six six fast train.
Line in local.
Here's sports video five sixes you a you a.m.
Conquilla.
Hello.
Who's in my cupboard?
I'm gonna have that idea.
It's the gay Indian in my cupboard.
I know why you hide away.
I know why you hide away.
Finally a movie for homosexual children.
Hello.
Gain Indian in the cupboard.
Can I shower with you little boy?
Gain Indian in the cupboard.
Where are you gain Indian?
Oh no.
Oh no.
Hey how did you get my pen?
Gain Indian in the cupboard.
Question.
Can we get this shelf paper in here?
You know like a my chance or something?
Gain Indian in the cupboard.
Can we shut that cup off?
This is one red skin who wants some sugar.
Yes.
One thirty one.
Of course the gain Indian in the cupboard will probably be on CNN several times tonight.
Anonymous NBC and Fox two to represent the so-called gay community.
Oh yeah.
Speaking of that here's the deer marie thing on that website.
It says in the spirit of the successful online campaign move on.org.
We're accepting donations to help publish deer marie ads and newspapers and magazines all across the country.
And there's a website deermarie.com that lets you send a postcard,
at least it's in the form of a postcard, to Mary Cheney, the daughter of the vice president.
They just showed on CNN again a minute ago the 90th, the 2000 president, the vice presidential debate.
Okay.
With Cheney and Julie Lieberman.
And showed him again saying that when two people want to enjoy whatever kind of relationship it's not the government's business and he supports 100%.
And you're just a liar Cheney and a fascist.
So anyway, here's what the postcard says.
Deer Mary, vice president Cheney or father, recently said he would support adding anti-gay prejudice to the US Constitution,
making you and millions of other Americans second-class citizens.
As an open lesbian, his work for years is a public advocate for gays civil rights.
You are in a unique position to defend yourself in your community in this dire hour.
Won't you join us in publicly opposing this bigoted, un-American proposal, since, certainly, a concerned citizen.
Says, web visitors, please replace all the text in this box with your own public letter to Mary, preferably signed with your first name, city and state, then click submit, and we'll post as many as we can.
And you can check out some of the other postcards on that website, deermarie.com.
So maybe some people in the audience would like to send a postcard to Mary Cheney.
Deer Mary, come out, come out wherever you are sweetheart.
And what's that gold wedding band on your ring finger? How what is that thing doing?
It's just decorative.
Is that what it is? Where is that bin? Oh, I'm sorry.
That was a little close right up against the edge there.
Don't pause that.
I mean, that thing bit in your nose.
Oh, maybe she's had her, the finger in the old nose. There's nothing pornographic about that.
Although there might be, I think that's coming up an absurdion, son.
962 votes. We better get with it if we're going to make that thousand.
Or Josh is going to be doing the show all by himself the next couple of months.
Let me spin in the hits. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, now I was speaking to spinning the hits. You almost forgot.
Guess what station boys and girls is on the verge of going under?
And maybe already is. Right.
At least financially going bankrupt.
I hate to tell you this, but all you classical music blue noses out there that were screaming and carrying on with WTM.
I went, when Cox, a Schmidt, Candid format.
And put on what did they put on? Is that MIB?
Oh, no, that's the party party party. Right.
I remember a couple of years ago when a Schmidt, Candid TMI and they put on party.
The same 10 songs they were playing over and over again, the root and whatever.
And everybody was having a nervous breakdown. All those suits.
Oh, we have to have our classical music. So WKAT because the Haitian melodies didn't do it.
And there's nothing else they can put on again in the audience with that horrible signal there.
So they went to a classical music on AM.
Oh, man, what over like Halava and Saudi Arabia.
Right. Just like that.
And so, well, I'm hearing from my George told me this morning as the rumors are that they're either in bankruptcy or they're filing or they're like a tourist.
And you like that?
Speaking of a tourist and other cold tourists and herpes.
Half of young Americans to get sex diseases.
Better watch it, Josh.
All the stuff I'm hearing about you and this 3040, 3040 girlfriends out there.
Well, you better use Get Your Rubber Booty's out, okay?
It says half-all young Americans will get a sexually transmitted disease by the age of 25,
perhaps because they're ignorant about protection or to embarrass to ask for it according to several reports.
The reports as you guessed today, publicized by two nonprofit sexual and youth health groups said
there were 9 million new cases of STD among teenagers and young adults aged 15 to 24 in the year 2000.
9 million.
They said the US government's policy of preferring abstinence only education would only increase those rates.
Oh, yeah, just say no.
Just say no. Does it work?
No.
No, that's why you just say no, because it doesn't work.
For the 27 million young Americans under the age of 25 who have had sex,
the states are simply too high to talk only about abstinence, James Wagner,
president of advocates for youths sitting in the statement.
Given the prevalence of STDs, young people need all the facts including medically accurate information on condoms.
Oh, no!
The Pope is going to have a nervous crap about that.
The reports released jointly by the advocates for youth, a nonprofit group advocating sex education,
and the Sexual Health Oriented Allen Goodmaker Institute pulled together information from several different publications.
You know how fast I said pull together?
I saw.
They include a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Report and latest issue with a journal perspective on sexual and reproductive health
and a University of North Carolina report based on interviews with teens and young adults.
Approximately 18.9 million new cases of STD occurred in 2000 of which 48% were born person aged 15 to 24,
almost half, wholly moly.
It said three diseases,
genital award,
oh yeah,
a parasite infection called track ammonia, and plumidia.
I'm not pronouncing that right, track ammonia, so it's good, it's bad, and plumidia accounted for 88% of all new cases of STDs in 15 to 24,
or award viruses, the major causes of cervical cancer, while plumidia can cause infertility.
Ward virus is genital awards.
Oh, man, when somebody walks up to you, it says,
warts new, I'd run like hell.
Gentile warts.
Gentile warts.
In fact, if you go to see the passion of the Christ, when Mel Gibson, you will get Gentile warts.
I'm here, and Joe Pasterd.
Christ Killer,
Masakiri Stahd.
Let's see, here's the facts from Dan who says I read a couple of articles yesterday,
how they've stepped up the squeeze on Osama,
and they even have him narrated in an area only so many miles in diameter.
Didn't we talk about that yesterday?
Dan says that's probably bullshit, but it made me think that even though I'd like to fight him as dead as the next person,
finding him would make bush look like a genius, and probably guarantee his reelection.
And like I said, they have the name, Dan.
Maybe they got him locked up somewhere already, and they're just waiting for the apps appropriate moment.
To like say, oh look, we just captured Osama Yamama.
I don't think it's going to change all that much.
No.
And do you remember the days when they were telling us, oh well, Al-Qaeda's finished.
We've disinvalled them, and they're useless, and they can't do this.
And now all of a sudden these new threats are coming in, and the George Tenet was peeing in his pants in front of Congress testifying yesterday,
and saying, oh yeah, well, they're just as capable now if not more so.
Do you don't think that the attack on Iraq anything to do with that, do you?
Oh, I just mentioned that.
The world is a better place.
Just a joke, yeah.
It was worthwhile.
977, we're going to make the thousand votes.
Just relax Josh.
He was starting to sweat a little bit, thinking he was going to have to do the show all by himself.
And we're not talking about just doing the show on the year.
We're talking about all aspects sitting, playing the talks, answering the calls, or answering them.
And writing a copy.
Faxing yourself the faxes.
You won't fax him here because I'm not going to be here.
Right.
I'll make the thousand votes.
Take a look at those results, boys and girls, okay?
977 votes on a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage, one of the most pressing things,
not on the minds of most Americans, or anybody else in the world.
As America continues being the laughing stock of the world, the Andrithals.
977, I'm all for gay to have the right to marry 50.5% for 94.
I don't care about the issue, it's divisive 248.
I'm against gay marriage, but against an amendment 130, 13.3%.
And I agree with Bush, 107, a mere 10.8%.
By the way, we want to hear more about the movie.
час!
to bear the sin of all of us.
And therefore we all responsible for Genesis death, not the Jewish people, not Kunden Sparlet,
and Judas, they may have had a party and all that, but the father gave him up to the tale.
Oh stop!
This is so old.
It makes my head hurt, the father gave him up to die because the fathers are loving God
and he wouldn't do anything so sick and disgusting to grotesque for your father.
I mean you talk about you talk about SNM and the woman I called before about our rated ought to be ex rated
Violence the likes of which has never been seen that that's what the whole Bible is full of killing and violence and mayhem and flesh and
Bloodletting and all of this crap all got orchestrated and commanded by the way
Mm-hmm raping young versions to exactly and by the way you remember that song by CS and then why treat your slaves well
No god liked it. It was his favorite
21-2 we got the mad dog coming up into the Humper at four the Hebrew hammer by the way
I think Hank wants to disavow that the Christ killing crap
You got the a panther preview at seven the panther's hosting my Toronto Maple Leaf 7-30 night
Better put you up a little boys. I'm telling you right now you guys are in a coma
Out of a lost last night to Montreal got a shot to move back into first place tonight boys crack it up a few notches man
Matt's let's go
Alexander let's get with it
How's my buddy doing?
Alexi panoras all I thought you're gonna talk about river. I thought you're gonna talk about his it's come on Alex
You're okay in my book the pony man Alexi panoraski see what do you know about hockey nothing about as much as Denise
Potpan by the way Denise shut up on the game when you're just driving me now just shut off already you idiot you homophobic frog idiot
Pompato Park is holding its biggest night of racing for the season this Saturday, February number 28
It's the I'llica pre night headed by the 160 thousand dollar final of the I'llica Pre-Pacing series
But that's not the only action on the track is Saturday's program also has the
$75,000 Mac Low Bell trotting series final and the $50,000 Red Boatai invitations. I remember Red Boatai and Terry Kerr remember Terry
Hey Terry
How's it going and the first 4,000 fans at the track Saturday starting at 6 p.m. Look at a free a free aisle-paste t-shirt
Do you get that free a free a free a free a free a lot of pre pay off a t-shirt
There'll be free vacation drawings for trips to the I'llica Pre casinos in both the Luxembourg city and our
Lucaya on Grand in a Bihama island a free family fun and a lot of music our
Lucaya on Grand Bihama was that and a free family fun and live music to that's on Saturday
Don't forget this Friday, February 27th there'll be a money machine at the track
Fans can enter for free to win a chance to grab a thousand dollars in cash and betting vouchers all throughout the night
Just a half mile from both 95 and it turned Pike Pompato Park is easy to get to and best of all because South Florida loves free
Pompato Park features free admission free general parking every day live harness racing in the folk room open every Monday Wednesday
Thursday Friday and Saturday in Pompato Park
Poker starts of noon goes till midnight live racing starts at 7 o'clock p.m. Including two nights call Pompato Park for the a new racing schedule at
972 2000 or check them on the web at Pompato Park dot com
Don't forget a gigantic weekend a great racing this weekend of course five nights a week at Pompato Park
Yeah
They sit and watch the TV with the finger up their butt
Right up to know what's up to know what Christian super fun
Five in the corner while fondling their nuts
Right up to know what's up to know what Christian super fun
Coast to why he pays the front the mówi
They're bailing back the pack a spinningMusic
As�
Hey
that's about all there
Franklin
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Whoa, I look to know, I look to know what Christians do for fun.
Do they polish up the fish on the tailgate of their truck?
Whoa, I look to know, I look to know what Christians do for fun.
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
Do they get a swollen gun while cleaning out their guns?
