Stop, get me fired up when I hear someone say that.
Welcome back to the Willie Williams Show on 560 WL on Y.
Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie.
Will you be Willie of the State?
No, I thought it was Willie.
It is Willie of Oran.
Now let's go.
Willie Williams.
Willie Williams.
Willie Williams.
Willie Williams.
Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie.
Willie of Oran.
Hey, how are you?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
The middle of the tree is turning the eye.
Yeah, there is something to do with it.
Oh, Willie, Willie.
Yeah, the Christmas is with those big black shoes.
And with black shoes?
I don't understand.
Yeah, like in those Mike Mazzaki movies.
Oh, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie.
Oh, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie.
Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie.
10-0-1 at 560 WQM.
Happy Thursday to you.
Boy, do we have a lot of votes on that poll yesterday or what?
Yes.
19.
Look at this.
There's a third page coming.
Uh-oh.
1924 vote.
Who is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time we asked?
Before we get to that, we've got some bad news.
Because you won't be hearing too much about it.
Because it's not news anymore.
They just put it on her for about two seconds and that's it.
Another statistic.
Roadside bomb kills two more American soldiers and one Iraqi.
I thought we'd care about them Iraqi.
It's only crawl worthy now.
A roadside bomb today, this morning killed two US soldiers and one Iraqi near Caldia.
West Baghdad, a coalition military spokesman said, attack happened about 10-30 Baghdad time,
which means 2-30 in the morning our time.
Two more dead American soldiers.
Just mention that because like I said, they're not getting too much airplay because they got bigger fish to fry.
Like that little dwarf show on Fox.
What did the wolf?
Yeah, what a horse.
Things like that.
Important stuff.
Another bad story.
Rams leading to the four-letter-day Al-Hollywood International Airport were closed for several hours after woman jumped to her death from the I-595 this morning.
The Eastbound I-595 ramp and the Southbound Federal Highway ramps were closed around 6-30 this morning when a woman threatened to jump from the interstate to the Federal Highway.
15 minutes later, guess what she did?
Jump.
Yes.
The BS is investigating the ramps since it's been reopened.
So the ramps are reopened, but she's still dead. That's the bad news. She jumped.
Now let's get to the results of that poll because we got a lot of fish to fry here today.
I'll tell you that in line 9 is ringing right off the bat.
QAM, line 9.
Hello.
Like I said, even more than yesterday's first call, wasn't it?
Well, how was that hard to beat?
Well, I caught them off balance. They weren't expecting somebody to answer. It was just a test run. It was like a dry run.
That's the way they were ringing the line.
Or maybe they were calling for the Joe Roe show, you think?
That's probably right.
Certainly a possibility.
When they heard my voice, they just scattered, man. Holy cowards him. It's that thing.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got one more for you, Liz. If you want to take it.
One more for you. Yes, today's list. No, I don't have anything.
I have one more, two and a coal-eggard. I don't understand what's wrong with you.
You had sexual people out there in a coal-eggard. Beats the pants off.
And most of the people on this list, she's the hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
The hot.
I think they found something happy about this.
different on there we'll put the other picture of Nicole of Sharon Stone. Nicole Ston.
Nicole Ston. No, I like the other one. It is a good picture. I mean this one's fine but the
other one doesn't have the little veil. Hillary Duff who just turned five years old got 52 votes.
Charlize Theron 56. Some of high act 55. Now that shocked the pants off of me. Why is that? I don't
know. She started out from nowhere and came running like a banshee. She's very popular and active,
currently active and a lot of it. Is she active? Well, don't say too much about that though because
when I get to that infinity thing you see how antiseptic radio is going to be pretty soon. In fact,
pretty soon you can put your list of rain right inside the radio. And you can gargle and listen
to the radio at the same time. It'll be like an air sanitizer. Some of high act 55. Catherine
Zita Jones 52. Barbara Eden 46. We're delighted for Barbara. She done that because we love Barbara.
Kim Basin you're 45. Vod Derek and Grace Kelly and Pam Anderson 40 apiece. Well that's bad. The Pam
Anderson is lumped in there with Vod Derek and Grace Kelly. That's almost an American.
Carmen Electra 36 Jennifer. Carmen 35 Rita. Hey, we're 34. Should I have 20 to Sofia?
Vagara 29. Alyssa Milano 28. Heather Locklear 27. Beyonce had 26. As did Liz Taylor. I received
the two of them together. No. Same person. El McPherson and Elizabeth Hurley 25 apiece. Ferris
faucet 24. Jane Fonda and a Cornelhoid you 23. Same person. Vanessa Williams and Natalie Wood 21.
Bridget Bardot 20. Demi Moore 18. Tyra Bank 17. Oh, this list goes on forever 15. Each
French leader Jolie and Audrey Hepburn and Jane Seymour. Oh, Jane Seymour 14. For England
Bergman Christie Brinkley and 13. Each for J. Low. Citi Crawford a dozen for Nicole Kidman,
Levin for Jane Mansfield 10. Each for Catherine Nive and Jessica Simpson. A nine apiece for
Diane Lane Goldie-Hahn and Jane Kennedy and Sharon Stone and Drew Barrymore 8 for a Gina Gertian
and Hendela Mar 7 for Phoebe Kato. I love the way we spelled Phoebe. I sure objected
to do that. I'm sure he did. I'm sure he did. Do you see the way spelled Phoebe? No,
I don't know. Phoebe. Phoebe. Phoebe as in like Phoebe Geebies. Anyway, Phoebe Kato
of her spelled 7 also Beverly Dancelo and Vanity 7. 6 for Julian Neumar, Julia Rubert's,
Uma Thurman and Linda Evans. Cheryl Teigs had five so to end Nicole. Four for Elizabeth Montgomery
Kim Novak-Sherley-Buth-Donna-Reed and Savannah Simpson. Three for Christie McNick. How come Savannah Simpson
got on there? Three for Christie McNick, a Barbara Carrera Janet Jackson, two for Diane Keaton-George,
a Nana Brewster, Kathleen Turner, Gina Lula Brigida Citi, Price and Vanessa Paradis,
Dice, Paradise, Ivanka Borra 1 and out of almost 2,000 votes, Sherri Tade had the big.
Oh, she don't mind. She said she don't really care. You can change her life.
Here's today's poll before we get into this heavy duty stuff. WQA and Hello.
Not there. Good. I like the way this is going so far. Don't you?
That's perfect. So far. Well, I don't have time for a lot of this stuff. WQA and Hello.
Yeah, can I see you can help please? Speaking, yes.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing today? Pretty good. So far.
I have a question about this 9-11 thing that's going on. Well, went on.
I heard that on the morning of September 11th, George Bush's brother was having breakfast with
Osama bin Laden's brother. Is that true, do you? That is correct. Yes.
New boys. What's that? Yeah, that is correct. Okay. Now, how come like none of this stuff is ever
on the news? Because we're too busy showing a little dwarf, so we're going to be on Fox on the
little stating show. That's right. Like, I don't I don't understand how none of these things are ever
discussed or like how come it took almost four years for us to really start hearing about Bush
being a wall during his so-called guard duty? How come that took so long? Because everyone's just
stupid and no one talks about anything. Now you got it, man. Now you're starting to catch on.
Welcome to America. All right, man. Good to know you're often pallyed two, three times at least.
Oh, for anybody before I go for ABB, man, anybody by bus you got it. Okay. Good call. Okay.
Here's the poll today. And this I was inspired by this whole Mel Gibson thing. Boy, I got a great
story about Mel Gibson and about his daddy and all kinds of good stuff. He makes me want to puke.
Can I put that for a long time, but you're just I don't know. You know what? I never know. Gibson
personally love Mel Gibson. You go watch Braveheart over it over it. Yeah, I would. I don't care if he
made any good movies. I wouldn't watch it if he gave me by the second. He makes my skin crawl,
Mel Gibson. He's an anxious piece of turd. But anyway, no argue but there's still a bit here's
the question. What's your take on the religious right? And I realize again, just like when we did a
few days ago, there's a lot of slop over here, but maybe it's mostly just to let some of us vent,
including me. I'm so sick and tired of this whole goddamn thing. Oh, there he goes again.
We better find out if I can say that. You know what? And when we get to the infinity thing,
you'll find out one thing. John and Mike. Wow. Well, we already knew that. But boy, it's getting
really scary. And you want to know why? And of course, all this clamping down allegedly because of
one booby on TV, the Super Bowl booby. What's you take on a religious right? You got two, four, six,
seven choices. There's nothing but hate mongering morons. I don't mind them if they leave me alone.
They're the biggest perverts of all. I'm one of them praise God. The whole religion thing is a
big racket. They're full of Shiite or they gave their brains away to fakers. And for some reason,
they wrote Nicole Egard on the bottom here. Well, just because I don't want anybody to miss out.
She should have been on the podium yesterday. Yeah, I apologize personally. Though you people in
the audience should apologize personally for not putting around there. Because I just came across
that movie last night. What was it with the Corey Hayme and Corey Feldman and the colegate?
Don't be knocking Corey Hayme. Okay, he's cute. He just turned 55, but he still looks cute. He's got
Robbie Benson syndrome. Whatever. But anyway, there's a scene in there where they're actually doing it,
stark naked. I mean, they're just banging their brains out. What the hell's the name of that movie?
Blow up. Blow up. That's it. Blow something up. Don't say that. Now, watch yourself.
Antonio, if you like anybody in the audience, if you ever cut yourself, we're going to make
everything on radio so antiseptic that instead of only getting some of that shmur on stuff,
all you got to do is put your arm up against your knee or whatever against the radio. And it'll
heal immediately. That's how antiseptic we're going to be. Put that iodine to shame. WJFK,
Washington afternoon drivers, done in Mike, we turned to the National Syndicate Airwaves on Tuesday.
After two week, no pay suspension for saying bullshit on a year without the M reading from it
apparently prewritten heartfelt apology letter followed by the sound of crumpled paper.
Geronimo revealed that he and Mike came perilously close to being fired by infinity. And
infinity, according to the New York Post, is just psychotic. They're just foaming at the mouth after
big flap with Justin and Janet. So after we do the break, then we'll talk about that a little bit
about Mel Carmeson said this and they've got actually got the copy of the memo. Don't you love that
when people intercept memos? And either put them in a paper, read them on the air, love that's bad.
That's a bad thing. Well, that's right. I forgot that's bad. You might get your ass fired.
So don't do it again. Look for the QM van Noonditute today at Senior Astero located in Pember Pine,
Senior Astero 90, 19 pines, Vovar. That's it. Pines and Douglas stop out of when T-shirts and
Panthers tickets. I'm assuming that the Amsha Scott will be there for that, right? Yes.
And then Jo and Mark, then I tend 30 to 12 30 at the Sanbar Grill in the Grove stop out when more
tickets and more T-shirts. Plus enjoy $3 becks and becks lights. Then I tend 30 would Jo and Mark
at the Sanbar in the lovely Grove. It is so lovely. 10 13 at 5 60 WQM. Maybe your paycheck ain't so
lovely because it is teeny and tiny. Well, let me tell you right now. It's time to say goodbye to
your boss, say goodbye to your dead end job and get you a real career, which brings with it a real
paycheck and a real life. Call fast train today to get started. 1 866 fast train and you can
start a brand new high paying computer career. You can have it in just four short months. That is
correct. You heard right. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow like crazy.
Pick up the phone and call fast train today. Be sure to on the Todd Direct. Tode into call 1 866 fast
train with seven softload locations. Fast trains bound to have a campus nearby where you live.
So it's easy. Convenient for you. Fast train offers job placement, financial assistance for
people to qualify in. With day night of weekend classes, you have no excuses, no more to stay in a
really crappy dead end job working for peanuts. Don't forget, like I keep telling you, if you register
right away, you can have a brand new high paying career in just four short months. So what's not
to like? Call fast train today and change your life. Check them out on the web if you'd like first
at fast train.com and then make that call 1 866 fast train. My name is Luke. This is 4256.
Father old tool. God.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
facts from he got all boy i'm getting that
he and of course speaking of those right wingers there to be very dismayed
i think it's probably coming propaganda
because the polls change all the time
but this latest u.s.a. today see in gala poll shows now
that if the election were right now
carry beats bush fifty five to forty three by twelve points
and even john edwards the year relatively unknown john edwards is making a move
very fast
even he would be bush today fifty four to forty four by ten points
so a b b anybody but bush seems to be making some serious headway
alright in the u.s.a.
unless of course you're gay
twenty six or maybe especially if you are twenty six past ten and by the way cut
out those marriages the bushmeister and the lovely lord our first lady
they're not too happy about that their pissed off even Barney fagging happy about
it i'll tell you why okay
you don't like it
anyway something you will like and that is the ease of getting a great night
sleep with a fantastic name brand man for certain
on a bit of a low price by making one simple call to the alimax was of course
everybody knows
when it comes to brand brand name actresses america's leading brand is
silly
the cc post your pt.c. is world famous for comfort liability
and
what is it say two sixteen only
but what does that mean
two sixteen only
no it says w o two sixteen or what is w o without two
i don't have any idea what that means
at any rate i do know one thing if you want the best price if you want cc
post your pt.c.
you can't be dial amateurs every day just call one eight hundred
macris they got the complete line of cc
and other even easier to care for them before because cc's new line of
post your pt.c. never have to be flipped or rotated just like fat boy
they just set it up for you'll enjoy years and years of comfort
in fact these beds are constructed for a new optimal comfort on the sleeping
service and they will actually like i said
for years to come
so just call one eight hundred macris right now talk with an expert bed in
consultant enjoy the service right number one
for overall customer satisfaction because with low prices
same-day delivery free set up and move a little it's easy to see why dial amateurs can't be beat
enjoy great night sleep tonight and for a hell of a long time to come with a great cc
post your pt.c.
from dial amateurs i've been using them for years and you should too
call them today toll free at one eight hundred macris
one eight hundred m a t tr e s or online it's macris dot com
my
and look all
this is four three or five six
way
away
and
i call this press conference
to allow me the opportunity to speak out
not with regard to legal issues that face michael jackson presently
but to lash out at my sister janits terrible behavior at last sunday super
bold
i am as offended as the rest of you regarding her book showing activity during
half time
i am even more upset
that a network
that such a sickening display
get on the air
women are disgusting
specially naked women
people believe that she was actually wearing a pasty
when just in timbre like tore off her clothing
but this is simply not true
i am here to say
the very first time on the public airways that my sister janits actually has
a metallic right nipple
the fact remains that all of us in the jackson clan are actually space aliens
we came here to earth to study your species
you are a bold and complex people on this planet
i am very sorry i am not able to address any questions from the press
president i have to return to my spaceship
with my wonder monkey greek
thank you very much
come on greek
come on greek
ten thirty one and five sixty wich are in if there's anybody after i read
that infinity memo anybody wondering what for all got can from q i m
and uh...
it's just uh... one of those deals you can you cannot be an adult in america
no more you just can
everything has to be reduced to the level of like five-year-old children so
adults have to you know their brain has to be reduced to that level and of course
they figure if they knew that real fast and bush can get in again easy
because that's about the level he operates on
now speaking of the people wait to hear this facts
start out my morning with this
well start out my morning with the fact that uh... i couldn't hear George
because of the fact that
whoever's run on the stuff in their last night as we had to ball games a hockey
game at a basketball game at the same time
continues to deal with our lives and i had no audio feed i just mentioned that
so that maybe tough my kid off his death
and clearance as well
and get after these people because they keep coming in their plan fast and lose
with our equipment q a m
which works you know they ever diddles with my stuff here
they're good with me either i think you're part of the higher somebody to go
up there and diddle with it no chance they'll never get in
we say diddle
not in not after today
you can say he'd uh... although it all depends on what you mean by that uh...
see what i mean
in fact all know priest arrested for second time on kiddie porn charges this is
bad i think you made this up yes
uh... laughy at lucian a priest removed from his post in morgan city because of
child porn or charges been arrested again after investigators allegedly found
explicit images during a search of his home at a monastery near up up eluses
i've always wanted to say that you know i apologize
was it opaluses well whatever it is it's a Louisiana
patrick kajawa thirty five faces federal charges
a possession of kiddie porn in connection with hundreds of images federal
agents that they found in his computer according to court documents filed yesterday
kajawa already is on probation connection with child porn or charges
the love to his removal in two thousand from an associate pastor's job
and holy cross catholic church in morgan city he is still officially considered a
priest with a catholic diocese of home of
to the old to the old but it's been taken out of the ministry i don't know what
that i don't know said that some uh... guy
kujawa has been living at a benedictine monastery near opaluses i gory sent
a man who answered the phone at the monastery to clanders across the case but
said that kujawa's not connected to the benedictine to the niktin order it was
only running a trailer there
he's being held without bond federal investigator said a search of kujawa's
computer uncovered three hundred digital images and a hundred digital movie
files of children engaged in sexually explicit conduct
there's another one of your best bothers okay
maybe that's why that uh... thing about hypocrites is going to move up on our list
right
and anyway
getting back to the oldest thing i already saw about the risk of car crashes
rises with age
see this may come and this is from tampa the story may come as great news to
people around the rest of the country but the soft Florida we don't need no
primer on that
that's right we know all about that again back to this fax about pita please
from david and sentia won't use their last name out of respect although i don't
have any for them
it says yesterday i heard you say disparaging remarks about
pita people for the ethical treatment of animals
an organization which my husband and i supported for over two decades how said
and this coming from me being a great animal over that i am so don't give me a
song and it's about how i'm insensitive and i'm hard to ask any idea about
whatever you want it says hard as it says pita simply believe now wait a minute if i
bounce like that is not like excretory activity you're excreting
and disputing gas right but this one from the throat and not feeling
and yeah well that's a sex organ oh that's what does it
you know definitely this morning that you couldn't even get your little
finger
anyway pita simply believes as we do it as josh shall tell you he heard it he was
a fall on a floor and laughing because he knows it's not true
pita simply believes as we do that no animal should be abused or killed for
any reason like us they're living beings with
varying levels of intelligence and sensitivities well i guess i should feel bad
because i had both of my dogs put to sleep they were on the verge of death and i
put them out of the misery had to put to sleep and believe you me there was no
chance that they were going to survive okay so call me a bad guy you're a bad guy
okay i accept that says nila i'm certain you have no idea is to be
tear and torment in which millions of animals exist and then it includes all
species yes i do i have a very good idea right what we blindly do to animals
would not be permitted to tolerate in fact this he's sending this to me we just
raised tens of thousands of dollars for abandoned pet rescue for dogs and cats and other
animals that have been turned left on their own in the lurch
a no and they're giving me a lecture about the animals anyway what we blindly do to animals
would not be permitted to tolerate it on the most evil of humans Hitler, Dhammer, and that coward
Charlie Manson there'd be a protest by many of our inhumane treatment yet our cruelty to non-humans
is excused after all they're only animals so let them lose their souls i wonder if they said
that at Hiroshima and Nagasaki they say that about all the people who we fried no yes there are
literally hundreds of animal rights organizations yet when asked to name one or two most would answer
peda no i wouldn't if that was asked to name a lunatic fringe animal group i would say
peda while some of their actions appear outrageous peda draws attention to the rights of animals
granted sometimes it's over the top oh now since the end of we're starting it close to the truth
however when a volunteer from peda throws the carcass of a dead fox in the face of someone
wearing fur and shouts here's the rest of your coat or protest against the practice of
iivisexion on dogs and other animals without benefit vanisthesia or the beaten to death of an
orangutan who started eastwards every which way but lose by its trainer or chickens in fact
reforms having the beaks and faces sliced off while standing in their own extramid and countless
other atrocities were with them well guess what were with them too on some of those
although i'm not too crazy about having somebody throw red fox or a dead fox in my poise right
my droid business when peda convinces burger kingdom McDonald's to do more humane methods
regarding farm animals were with them when they work to change the laws regarding circus animal
views were with them when they pointed they proven direct correlation of kids abusing frog
steaks cats dogs etc and adult violence were with them when they seek the strongest penalty for
someone who steals a family pet to use as a bait animal for their fighting dogs were with them
we choose compassion over cruelty someone has to stand and speak for the animals peda does not
back down either way sincerely david and sentia well there's some of good points in here but the
fact is the one sentence there branded sometimes it's over the top which it kind of glossed over
that let me circle that even i'm gonna write shmit can this momentarily uh yeah you're right
like that it's very often over the top like when they wanted that town to change its name right
what was the name of that town slaughterville slaughterville oh we don't like that slaughterville yeah
and the other happy you probably if the old baseball player for the cardinals in Yankees if he
was still alive enus slaughter they probably would have wanted him to change his last name
although he was known as enus the penis now i'm saying that for the very last time because
oh hey uh hey enus you call that a penis and she said that for the last time too i'll
guarantee you that right now so anybody that enjoyed like the Howard Stern show or for
all on a rate any of that stuff forget about it because that's all past say you're not going to
hear it no more because you have a bunch of dictators up there in washman who sit around now and
making everybody crap in their pants they're just oh i said crap against it
sorry making everybody a doodoo to your in their pants no you can't see you're you're
refining you can't even well even a boy scout say i promise to do my duty to do my best
to drive the whole evening across the street whether she wants to go or not just make sure you
couch it correctly i see doodoo on the couch right wqam hello hey no yes sir so the website yesterday
i'm looking at that picture of uh no more bush read my lips yeah doesn't doesn't turn you straight
i don't know what could didn't work for me yet i'm gonna have to you i'll go for you George
let me ask you this what about Nicole Egard i have no idea you don't know who that is
no well we'll put her picture on there one of these days naked and then you'll know and then
then they will fear you man when you know who that is okay all right okay great day pal okay see
they like the naked pictures now that's on the internet of course it's a damn good thing we can't
show the naked pictures on around the radio if we look at hold those up and you can actually see
those images on the radio then we'd be in deep trouble not only by you but doodoo i'm showing it
in hd digital are you really and that's right cuz qam work in the digital baby soot and see
that like every little detail on the nipple not forget about the booby right on the old nipple 4.0
megapixels sure and so on and she didn't she didn't do all that great yesterday on our pool i
guess she's old news but then again there were a lot of people on there there were old news and
did very very well but you know there's just something they don't like her for whatever reasons
she's a pain in the air yeah exactly so what's wrong with that nothing in fact i think a lot of
people do like a bitch you know like to slap her around a little bit now i'm not suggesting that
or advocating that see i have to be right here pull back up you know i'm really glad to see that
that nice young lady the play skicker for Colorado University that got raped at it and then
abused by that coach and rather see that they're interviewing her and they're making a big story
about that because this is one of the real things that's wrong with america i don't hear michael
pal talking about that but this is one of the real sick things about this whole sports culture
and macho the jack culture jack you like to study jack are they talking about it on our station
i don't know i'm sure they are what about it Josh are they talking about the uh calorado situation
yeah a little bit and what are they saying that uh calorado you know it's not just happening
for an accident you know it's got to be going on it's got to be going on everywhere that's right
it's going on all over the place certainly not at the university of my middle i know no
we're not female rape anyway they got their own face to fry that really they didn't show
starts the day at two oh no that's right will you still in house arrest so we got mad dog at two
a humber at four three solid hours of the humber today unexperated hurricane hotline at seven the
big oh that NFL cala cala cala combine cala combine eight o'clock tonight eighty k
ten joe and mark overnight two to five in the morning our close personal warm friend the
momyster absolutely waiting in the morning and then joe rose blockhead who still hasn't gotten paid
and that's not a joke by the way he's been out about ten weeks now doing a eight to ten he's still
filling in no contract no cash no money but at least you don't say crap very much nineteen till
eleven hey here's something that's no crap and that is the atkins died on all the other low
car of sugar free diets around they work they work for a lot of people help you lose that weight
get your cholesterol frag glycerides way way down there but one of the problems with staying on
those diets is they are very boring you know in the beginning it sounds great stake in lobster butter
eggs man all you want the only problem with that is though after wow how much eggs and butter and
stake can you eat in lobster like George can afford to buy even the first lobster so you head for
a store called the lights because it's got everything you need to stay on these straight and narrower
pad it's the number one low carb store in the universe with over a thousand low carb product
suits from they got it all breads and bagels things would taste things that you're craving for cookies
and crackers chips and brownies chocolate ice cream pasta fantastic sauces that are low carb
like crazy ketchup cheesecakes and lots more at the lights you'll find a wider selection they're open
every single day seven days a week from ten to ten and one of the nice things that they feature for
rather than taking home something like and finding out you know like it you can try anything
the store before you buy it and their staff knows dieting especially the atkins inside and out
speaking to dr. Bob riston piece they have the most complete line of atkins brands products every day
that are on sale all day every day as well so if you want to uh... continue with your low carb diet
and stay on with happy i've put here's the way to do it to your shopping at the lights of west
bokeh you'll find them on the northeast corner of glades in four forty one right next to bus to
market or column toll free at one eight seven seven low carb that's l o w c a r b you're on the
web it's low carb dot com don't forget there's only one delights of west bokeh and it's your official
atkins retail center
five local
this is five six
three is all yours
you and the bloom
program i urge everyone to complain to the station
since everything and everyone at disney world is out of the closet so to speak
we now have special gay days we've changed the ride to suit our lifestyle
yo ho ho the slush buckler on the pirate to the caravan and we've modified the tunnel of
para so you can ride with make these new domestic partner juggle gel hey it's gentle
joe here make sure you tie a string around my leg because it sucks a bitch
oh boy boy was the bitch
ten forty five guess what you know that spot we just played a minute ago that is oozing spot
Were you paying attention? No, no, of course not. Well, you should have been because there's a very familiar voice in there. Okay, Jerry Howzer. Sorry.
Well, it's not that I really knew that, but I looked it up. He played Asky in the summer 42. He does commercials now. He was a chubby, ugly kid that was Asky's, that was Hermes Buddy.
Okay, I don't think I saw that since 42. You didn't see the summer 42? No.
You never saw that movie? Like a hundred years ago when I was a child. You got to remember Jennifer O'Neal?
I know who she is. And who played Hermi? What was his name? Gary Grimes. Anyway, here's the fact that Mr. Beesults from yesterday's pool. Could you please repeat the top five? Oh, where Charlize Theron finished. I don't have it. Do you? No. I Schmidt can't add a long time.
Oh, my God. Marilyn Manson. Charles Manson. Yeah. Shirley Manson. Shirley. And Hermi and Asky, I think. Sorry about that. I'll look at the waste basket and see if I can piece it together. And if not, maybe I don't want to bother Eric with that. He's under a lot of stress and duress. He's a foaming at the mouth.
Jerry Howzer who played Asky in the summer of 42. I'm pretty amazed. I'm pretty impressed with myself. Although the internet, you see that the Google just added four billion more pages? No. You didn't see that?
Boy, I tell you, you're just out of the loop, man. You better get back with it. You better stop worrying about things like religious nuts and politics and things like that and about getting late.
Where about important things like Google? Ayahu. I don't Google you don't Google Ayahu. I'm a Yahoo. Oh, Jesus. Shame on you. Well, I think that if you use that Alexa bar, I believe that's Google. I'm going to start. I think it is. No, Google's good search engine. I just live my life on Yahoo.
I think though if you use that nice Alexa, see I got George to install that this morning. It takes about what 20 seconds. See and there it is. Alexa, you got a nice bar and even has a link. Well, I don't want to say there's a wound on there. Nice Tiki bar.
And you could like do emails real fast. So now I can send Eric like 70 80 news stories every day because my email.
Because the emailing process is so much easier now. Thanks to Alexa. Anyway, let's get to the I can't put this off no longer. Okay, although I might take one quick call. QA and hello.
John, but I get a job by impersonator up yours, man. I probably had a lot of company.
Fear or just before Gibson's the passion opens and this is from the work Daily News. I beg your part. The fear of your home at the 45 degree angle.
And you have to say just like that with a heavy treminox and then you'll be okay. Maybe maybe we will check your ancestry first.
Fear or just before Gibson's the passion opens a week before Mel Gibson's movie about Jesus hits theaters. His father has gone on an explosive rant against Jews claiming they fabricated the Holocaust and are conspiring to take over the world. Jesus Christ.
There after one world religion and one world government, Hutton gives an 85. This is Mel Gibson's daddy. Sit in a radio interview that'll air Monday night. That's why they've attacked the Catholic Church. So strong we do ultimately take control over it by their doctrine.
We'll all be eating cheeseblinks is by the end of the year. In the bizarre interview Gibson also said Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan should be lynched and called for the government to be overthrown.
The movie stars fathers made outrageous statements about the Holocaust and Jewish conspiracies before. But the timing of his latest comments is certain to fuel the upper over his son's movie. The passion of the Christ which opens on As Wednesday next Wednesday.
Some critics say the movie blames Jews with the death of Christ and will provoke anti-Semitism and they question why Mel Gibson hasn't denounced his father's views. Hutton gives and spoke Monday to Steve Furesd, the enough speaker piece on WSNR 620 AM in New York, a show syndicated by talkline, the largest syndicator of Jewish programming.
Some of his most outrageous rants focused on the millions of Jews exterminated by Hitler. They claimed there were 6.2 million Jews in Poland before the war and they claimed after the war there were only 200,000. Therefore he must have killed 6 million of them. He said they simply got up and left. They were all over the Bronx and Brooklyn and Sydney, Australia and Los Angeles. He said the Germans didn't have enough gas to cremate 6 million people.
I'll check what the people at Bayer I think he's wrong and that the concentration camps were just work camps. It's all maybe not all-fishing but most of it is he said.
Gibson repeatedly smeared prominent Jews as money-grubbing power-mongers. Green Span tells us what to do is someone should take him out and hang him, he said.
He even belittled the Pope's reported endorsement of the passion recounting how Mel referred to the pontiff as an ass.
Well, I was starting to get a little bit warm. Gibson reserved most of his vitriol for Judaism, no asking is the Jews to actively anti-Christian. He is for by being a Jew, his anti-everyone else.
Mel Gibson's spokesman, Alan Nehrab, had no comment of the elder Gibson's tirade but Abraham Foxman of the anti-diffamation league said they were the words of a classical anti-Semite. If it wasn't so sad it would be funny, he said.
He's troubled by Mel Gibson's fate or the condemns father's beliefs and pointed out to a recent interview where Mel Gibson said his daddy never lied to him.
Well, he's been lying to the world but it sounds like truth to the sun. That strange Foxman said isn't duh, huh?
Isn't duh passion of duh Christ? What is this thing here?
If you missed any coverage of this, please excuse my end up this. The nation, Matt Pivens exposed little mistrees and encoder. It was on our website yesterday, Mr. Outraged.
I don't understand. It was, they keep fencing us stuff that on our website. If you go to neo-arages.com you'll discover that I mean we can't have everything on here. We can't be on top of everything. We appreciate the fact that it's the letters no and if we already have it, that's fine. We can shirk can it.
But Jesus Christ, we don't know about that article a little mistriezened by Matt Pivens. It was on it. It was the nation yesterday. We had it on our website. Thank you.
And he ripped her a big fat. I can't say yes. I think we can still say. I think you have to say bottom. He ripped her a big bottom. There you go. A foggy bottom.
So anyway, there's Hutton Gibson whose Mel Gibson's daddy. Now we get to the real meat of the matter on the platter. Don't splatter. Christian pushed behind the passion. This is a great article. It was in the Toronto Sonia. The Toronto star yesterday.
WDQM. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Thanks for taking my call. I'm glad you talked about Mel Gibson today. I read an interview yesterday by a member of the clergy. He's seen a private screening. The movie where Mel was there.
They asked him why he had all the people in the movie speaking aramaic or Latin. And Gibson said that he thought that those languages would be more threatening for the villains that they was just making them more menacing.
You know, this type of movie. It doesn't have anything to do with him trying to faithfully adapt the story from the Bible. It's just just the end of it. He's just trying to make it as salacious and as provocative as possible to stir up the emotions of everybody.
That's a lot of good religious hate, which is what religion does best anyway.
Absolutely right. Well, thanks for trying to get this article from the Toronto star man. It'll flip your lid.
He's just a figure of a whack at you. It's bad. Amen. Have a great day, pal. You took. I'll see you in church.
Gibson read in the Mel Gibson recently embraced a fringe form of Catholicism known even George didn't know this as traditionalism.
That I never heard of till I read this article in the star yesterday of faction that refuses to acknowledge the reforms of the second Vatican Council in 65, which absolved the Jews for the killing of Christ.
He don't accept that traditionalism, which means all throughout fanatical Catholic is Mel Gibson.
Right. Even the Pope is an ass, he said, which I would agree with. We can find one area of agreement. It doesn't just growly enough for a bottom is what he said.
Mel is the top. The Pope is the bottom. He just can't wait for a date. He said it'll be great. And then you won't have to well.
Christian push behind the passion. Don't start. Listen, I'm telling you right now. Don't don't play fast and loose with this.
I'm better get that I say than you are posting. Unlike the other stuff I smit can. I think I did about me. I heard it.
In fact, maybe I'll to read you that one sentence again from Mel Carmes in the infinity. Any station in the course. This is not an infinity station.
Thank you. God. They got held a lot more balls than the beesleys ever will dream of having just that the beesleys are like that.
So they have no idea what we're doing. Any station airing programming that is any sexual or extrovertory content.
Needs to take whatever steps are necessary to make sure that the programming is not even arguably indecent to them all from Mel Carmes and said to all new community.
These are I was managed. Nip it. Nip it. Nip it in the bud. Don't say nips either. All we can see. Sure and stones nips on our website. I think they're exempt. Are they?
No, they're not not no more. They used to be. See that's what Janet Jackson that the sports guys used to be exempt. They could say whatever they want. But no.
Can they so rape the female players in the locker room? Yeah, so far that's okay. All right. We haven't had a ruling from here. Heinrich Michael Paul yet.
This is going to take me. What is the long article? But I don't care. Very very important. Christian push behind the passion. This is by Christopher Hutzel.
Entertainment writer for the Toronto star. Jesus fell to be used to convert non Christians. Canadian Jewish leaders cautious expect no troubles.
The time the timeline leading up to the release of Mel Gibson's the passion of the Christ might be compared to the fuse of a firecracker.
Spitting and sparking chasing its own fire retail in a maelstrom of hype. And the world can only plug its ears and wait for this religious cherry bomb to explode.
With Gibson's retelling of the last 12 gory hours of Jesus Christ, life lead Christians weeping, nonbelievers believing and Jews ready to combat a new wave of dissent. Or will it be a dud?
Destiny reincarnate as a dusty DVD in the church AV room. If this much liberated film does physical, it won't be for lack of effort from Canadian Christian lobby groups.
For months now several influential inter-nonminational Christian assemblies working under campus crusade for Christ have been pursuing a surely calculated strategy for the marketing of this epic film.
After all this project wasn't going to be hyped up by conventional means we surely weren't going to see flawed Christ figures on Burger King cups.
That's through my logway. Do I have another spot coming?
What word did he say?
Oh, with a V. I thought you said something with a D.
Don't say it. Don't even think it. Then if you don't think it, you won't say it.
Okay. After all this project wasn't going to be hyped up by conventional means we surely weren't going to see flawed Christ figures on Burger King cups.
That surely wouldn't be very appetizing. Would it?
In fact, if you've seen some of these clips they've shown for so far ain't very appetizing.
In fact, forget about Atkins. They've got a new diet now. The Jesus crucifixion diet.
And look at all this out. Did you see that on CNN right now?
CNN presents special event Sunday in the industry of Jesus. Holy moly man. They're in it. We're just good drowning in Jesus now.
Anyway, 1057 and 560 WQ. Interest Diabetic is a delicious meal replacement drink that happens to be made for people like yours truly who are living with diabetes.
But anybody, whether you have diabetes or not can really enjoy it because it tastes great.
If you try to cut down your sugar and your calories, Interest Diabetic is sweetened with splendor.
So there's no nasty rotten aftertaste that lingers like you get with Asperate or saccharine recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who just can't sacrifice proper nutrition because they're in a big fat hurry.
In a big ass bottom hurry. Interest Diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for a healthy life plus fiber and antioxidants.
Yet it's low and saturated fat and cholesterol too. Interest Diabetic is even gluten free and lactose free.
And neon scant provides 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition.
You try to once and I'll bet you Greg reads life on it. You'll never go back to whatever you're drinking before.
I'll even throw in George Corso's life. How do you like that? And I'll ask you to charge.
Pick it up all over town. More and more people are gulping it down. It's at Publix Walgreens, Eckerds, Navarro, Sedano, CVS, lots of other local pharmacies too.
The makers of this product are so sure you're going to love Interest Diabetic.
If you're given away free full-size samples, they'll send you a free two pack, 1 vanilla, 1 chocolate.
If you just make that tool free call at 1-866-368-3739 or factory at order for yourself at interestdiabetic.com, just click on where it says free samples.
When you do make that call, be sure and tell me that Neal sent you for the delicious one.
Mention my name, which is of an additional special gift. Call today for your free two pack, call 1-866-368-3739.
We're sports radio five CC, QAM.
And the teeth, damn it, I kicked my own ass outside.
My religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. What we like about it best, I found no boys and wear gores.
Yes! My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours.
We have no respect for living time to make that living my religion better than yours.
My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours.
Let's talk about our sport.
We slaughter fakes and dogs and goats, my religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Oh my God!
We will teach him to tell him that the other pay me,
tell the private religion's better than yours.
Please.
My religion's better than yours.
Religion is better than yours.
We knock on doors to bothers you like polar brush
to see our views, my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear chisened white our bikes and gets you very lots of wives,
my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Absolutely.
We don't want to use our brains for pointless living,
so we're afraid my religion's better than yours.
310 of votes, Dominus de Biscos.
What's your take on a religious right?
There are nothing but a bunch of hate-bondering morons, 106.
The whole religion thing is a big racket, 93.
Absolutely.
I don't mind if they just leave me alone, 35, but they won't.
They're full of Shiite, 29.
I'm one of them praise God, 17, 5.4% of the people listening to me right now
are religious rights. There's hallelujah. Praise the Lord.
Send us some money, please.
They're the biggest perverts of all, 16,
and they gave their brains away to fakres 14 out of over 300 votes,
speaking of votes.
7,566 votes on a hot couples contest.
I've forgotten the first hour we had such a heavy plate.
75,666.
I'm just going to read the one so far that I've got over 200 votes.
Okay?
Okay.
We don't have time for with all the respect.
And those of you who are down in the voting don't get down in the dumps
because Jesse and Jeffrey came from the middle of the pack to a gigantic lead,
which means some people must have been very busy,
but, or a lot of people saw them and said, hey, they look pretty good.
What's they do?
Jesse and Jeffrey, 17, 136, they're first right now.
Monica and Brian doing well, 14,79.
Carmen and Carlos, 1218.
Sarah and Sean, 844.
Jazzella and Mick, 302.
Karen and Rick Friend.
Karen and Joe, 279.
Aaron and Brandon, they've got 261 and Laura and Lena and Andy, 201.
I can't read my own script like.
Well, that's 75,666.
You realize that by tomorrow we could have 10,000 votes already by the end of the day?
Yes.
Wow.
And the deadline is tomorrow at 155.
What a week is going by fast.
What am I thinking about?
Tomorrow is the deadline, 155.
Whoever leads gets the first trip and whatever.
You know how it goes.
Anyway, getting back this article.
Christian pushed behind the passion.
Jesus filmed to be used to convert non-Christians.
The push began in mid-June, and before I continue.
Last night, Deborah Norfolk on MSNBC, which nobody watches any of those shows on that network.
But yeah, I'd like to see what they're doing.
She had a debate between one of these right-wing preacher guys
and some left-wing broad from some psychologist lady about this movie.
And the preacher guy came out in the middle of it, but the preacher guy was insisting that children are going to be allowed to see this.
Now, the movie's got an R rating because of the violence and the bloodshed.
Right.
But children are going to be led in.
He says, well, we're going to have pastors to minister them in the lobbies after the movie if they have any questions.
She said, you ought to be ashamed yourself.
She must have said that many times.
But third man.
You have to be ashamed yourself.
Children can be traumatized by anything this violent.
I've seen the previews and absolutely no way the children should be exposed to this insanity.
And it has nothing to do with anything biblical.
It's just Mel Gibson's Yadi-yadi.
And the preacher just kept repeating the same crap interrupting.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know.
Anyway, I just thought I'd mention that.
Okay.
The push began in mid-January with a series of 12 screenings and 9 Canadian cities over six days in the end.
9,000 Christian pastors and church leaders, including 2000 in the GTA, the greater Toronto area saw the film.
The same group subsequently received a DVD featuring previews and in-depth interviews with Mel Gibson,
who fronted $25 million to produce the film, and Jim Cavizel, the actor who plays Jesus.
In the DVD, Gibson and Cavizel, both Christians, talk about their motivations behind making the film, and their goodwill toward Jews.
Oy!
Also being distributed by the Concertion of Christian Groups' instructional material, both online and hard copy,
designed to help pastors build sermons around the film, and to guide parishioners in their mission to share the Christian gospel with non-believers.
That's what this is all about, converting the world.
You'll see, coming at a time especially when we realize the insanity and the danger of fundamentalist religionists, only if they're Muslims,
only if they're schmattes and others if they have their own hair ears at it, I see.
You would think that people would have a little bit more respect for others at this time, but of course, present-huffins decisions.
Well, while I do not agree with it, I will deal with it like I would expect one of my players to handle this concept.
Oh, come, his comments were misinterpreted about one. Fire his ass, okay, I'm not going to let them happen there, Colorado, I hope they fire his red neck ass.
Anyway, an example of this material is an excerpt from a document on searchermoncentral.com, which proposes that Christian use the film as an excuse to do a prayer walk.
Now, did you hear the language there?
Use the film as an excuse to do a prayer walk. Listen to this.
Carefully choose a neighborhood you believe God wants you to reach.
With multiple prayer teams walk every street in pray for every house, asking that God will reach each person with a message of the cross,
their exposure to passion of the Christ, leave a door hanger and or evangelistic book of the e-chome, encouraging them to see the movie and inviting them to attend a passionate, related event at your church.
What, no Chinese menu? Wow. Maybe that's on her too. Now, the chinks are in this crap.
Oh, my God.
It is opening on a whopping 2,000 screens in North America next Wednesday, including Toyota and Canada, which is a big number of an independent film.
They highly acclaimed Monster, for example, which is also distributed by New Market Films in the U.S. has just expanded to 1,093 screens in North America, but this one is opening on a whopping 2,000 screens.
The consortium's aim is to ensure that I'm only Christians see this film, but their friends and friends see it too, while making an earnest attempt to stuffle fears the film of Nader-Rashimanti Semitism.
Owen Black, executive pastor of the Mrs. Saga Gospel Temple, won a three-location of the film was shown at the GTA, makes no bones about the fact that Christian groups will be in full recruitment mode during films tenure in the limelight.
People are being encouraged to take a non-Christian friend to say, look, consider this. What do you think about this, he said? This is a good thing to see. It's a wonderful way to dialogue about the Christian faith.
And this whole sick concept that this man was crucified so that if you believe these fairy tales, you can go to heaven and live forever.
Bob Kramer, the director of special projects for campus crusade for Christ, coordinated the advanced screenings. His organization has also developed a website to help guide Christians who want to share their gospel by means of the film.
We believe that Christians will be deeply touched by this film and we're equipping people so that they'll be ready to answer questions for the non-Christian devotion to this film because people will be blown away.
You know that if you go to see this movie, you'll be blown away. I think I might fall asleep.
Maybe father or tool will be there to help make sure that you're blown.
Yes, so that you're told in November Kramer. I can still say it and I will say it. Okay.
They'll have to drag me out kicking and screaming. I have to find me first in November Kramer and 20 other Christian leaders visited icon productions.
They gifts an old outfit that created the film for the viewing of the then unfinished film having been profoundly affected.
The group decided needed a strategy for want to create maximum impact. The January screenings and tutorial material are resulted in that decision.
Though the plan is born of a world of spread the Christian gospel, it will inevitably translate the financial gain for Gibson and his affiliates.
A source at Equinox films the films Canadian distributor admitted that the previous series was an example of grassroots marketing.
The Kramer says it isn't about money. I think about it in terms of people and secrets of truth being put in touch with the gospel of truth.
He said I think of it as a marketing but not of dollars and cents, but in terms of a movement.
If Mel Gibson makes money on this, he'll have turned around what most people thought was going to be his biggest mistake.
It appears it could be successful. He said Canada's Jewish community perhaps not surprisingly wasn't asked to help with the film's promotion.
Can't imagine why most of them were saying.
Oh, hustle hoist as per director orders from icon productions members of that faith were not invited to private sweetings and rabbi shmubul Spiro has a pretty idea why ever here rabbi shmubul Spiro.
He's not good. I love that name. That's even better than what's the Michael Jackson's rabbi there?
You want to use this buddy? Whatever his name is. He's almost as good as shmubul. If the viewing was for missionizing purposes, I understand why they didn't call me. He said from Anshai mince congregation in Kensington Market.
I guess they didn't consider me to be a good promoter for them. Some Jewish leaders filled a film will damage Jewish Christian relations.
The passion interpreted literally from Christian scriptures implicates Jews with Jesus's brutal death. According to Abraham Foxman, US director of the anti-defamation league, the film portrays Jews as vengeful and bloodthirsty.
Fuelling those arguments, here we go again. I want to repeat this is the fact that Gibson recently embraced a fringe form of Catholicism known as traditionalism, a faction that refuses to acknowledge the reforms of the Second Vatican Council in 65, which absolved the Jews for the killing of Christ.
Rabbi Michael Skobak of Jews for Jews is a matriot of groups that focuses specifically on countering Christian attempts to convert Jews. Said Canadian Jews shouldn't expect the film to cause a major disruption.
For North Americans, my sense is one that the film is not going to undo decades of interfaith relations. My sense is that a lot of concerns will be more real in Europe and South America where you get more overt acts of anti-Semitism.
What we're monitoring is the fact that Christians will be using this film as a tool to convert people to their faith. Some Jews will be invited by friends or given free tickets or cajol into going or like a neus crusades. They'll be a maiden offer they can't refuse.
The Inquisition, oh, I'm sorry, but Skobak city be surprised to see demonstrations in Toronto. Our philosophy here is not to be reactive. He said this is nothing new. It's not as if Christians have been trying to convert Jews for a long time.
We didn't create this organization last night to deal with this film. It's an ongoing struggle to help educate the Jewish community, help them understand the teachings of their own faith, the audio, audio. It's all a bunch of crap. Leave everybody alone. DNA, too, no harm. That's the bottom line. Okay.
It's all a bunch of crap, but I think the most interesting part of this whole deal beside the stuff about Mel Gibson's father, his anti-Semite virulent lunatic father is this stuff about Melisea recently embraced traditionalism, a fringe, right wing fanatical form of Catholicism.
Who even satisfied with the Pope because he's not extreme enough. He's a bottom. Yeah. So he said the Pope is a bottom. He's weak. Well, he says that so they will think that Mel might be a top. But you never can be sure.
Okay. How many votes we got in this poll so far? What's your take on a religious right? 362. Somebody said it. Help them endure it. I know what that means. There's nothing but hate, mongri morons. 129 said that. And keep in mind, this isn't just a Catholic thing. It's the fundamentalist. Anything you name it, the Muslims, the Orthodox Jews. It's the born again Baptist, oh, man. The Jehovah's Witnesses. The religious nuts who just won't leave you alone. Right. Just like they want to go to I think if they come to your house with one of those things, they want to stick on your
door. I think that maybe I'm like, you know, put out to them. It's for your own good. 371 votes. There's nothing but a bunch of hate, mongri morons. 129. The whole religion thing is a big racket. 108. Absolutely. Correct. I don't mind if they would leave me alone. 43. They won't leave you alone. They're full of Shiite. 34. They gave their brains away to fakers. 21. I'm one of them praise God. 19 5.1% of this crowd. A religious writer. And they're the biggest perverts of all. 17.
Out of 371. 4 1-1 1-1-1-1% say they're much of preverts. 12 and its past 11 at your perverted station. 560 Q.A.M. Holy Makanah. This is Jehovah on the Voice of the Toronto May beliefs. And you're listening to the Hockey Authority. Neil God. Hold, hold, hold. He takes it in the mask.
The Pope's Pope's road, he's riding at an ass.
The Pope's Pope's road, he likes to twist the boner.
The Pope's Pope's road, the Pope's Pope's road.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
You can talk in if you want and the Pope will join you.
If you let him touch you, he will surely bless you.
It's been tried to pull your rope, let him have a heel.
If he looks like a good girl, let's call a pumpo wheel.
The Pope's Pope's road, he takes it in a mask.
The Pope's Pope's road, he's riding at an ass.
The Pope's Pope's road, he likes to twist the boner.
The Pope's Pope's road, the Pope's Pope's road.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
That's a beautiful, hot girl.
Now let me ask you this, would you ride on the Pope's ass?
Oh, big of it.
1118 gigantic, 1118 at 560 WQM, a skilling indictment for fraud.
You'll be pleased with this, you probably just saw it.
Next in Ron's CE, Jeffrey Skilling was charged with fraud inside her trading today,
making him the highest ranking former executive charge in the collapse of the once mighty energy company.
Those fakers, those grave robbers at Enron, to which we say,
is defensive journey was just on there just articulating any moding and he never stole a freight trade, you know, too bad.
The indictment in seal in Houston laid out 36 charges against Skilling,
as well as new charges against Richard Cause, Enron's former CEO,
who put it not guilty to six charges last month.
The charges against Skilling and Cause alleged that from 1999 to 2001,
the two men used various devices and schemes to manipulate Enron's financial results.
The indictment comes just five weeks after former Enron CE, CFO, Andrew Fasdow,
pleaded guilty to wire insecurities fraud and agreed with Co-opper with investigators
probing the accounting scandal.
And like they say in Amsterdam, hubbim and dreared.
Now we got these faxes, why did the little research of my own will, this gets all complicated.
Yeah, Eric even said what?
We're talking about Alexa.
Right, okay.
He said what?
That it's spyware.
Well, here's the fact that they say the spyware, in other words,
attracts your internet usage, although it's one of the more benign spyware programs
that's infringing on your privacy.
I'd recommend using the Google toolbar instead, but it's also a block pop-up.
No, it doesn't.
And as the bonus allows you to highlight a word in any web page,
you might click to do a Google search on the word.
I've used the Google toolbar.
It does not block pop-up, pop marks.
Here's another one.
My big mic in St. Pete's is be careful.
Alexa is spyware.
Do a Google on Alexa they're watching since Bigmight in St. Pete.
So I did a little on Google.
Yeah.
And here's an ad for spy ferret.
We'll scan your computer for more than 400 of the most notorious spyware adware programs
that are available on the net today, which includes Alexa, by the way,
a whole list of many.
It'll expose all spyware adware components on your PC.
Give your proof description about each component, the audio, the audio.
They want to put a list for $39.
I got a copy of spybot for free from Eric.
Do I need that?
You can use it for what?
What do I need that for?
To clean up your spyware.
I have adware.
Doesn't that do that?
I don't know.
Well, let me try.
Okay.
I'm not, see, I'm not all paranoid because number one, I'm not looking at kitty poor.
And number two, there's nothing on there.
I have nothing financial on this computer.
Number three, who cares?
You know, you know what I'm saying?
What genre of escroph would say when they come knocking on your door three o'clock in the morning?
If you have nothing to hide, then what are you hiding?
It's not about that.
It's about all the other insidious things that it's doing like slowing your computer down.
No, it's not.
Okay.
My computer is as fast as lightning, Mr. is the type of a lightning.
Are you kidding me?
It all adds up.
Like if you have a hundred or more pieces of spyware, they're all doing their little thing.
It's slowing you down.
Well, maybe I don't have any more spyware.
That could be.
First doozy.
Maybe because I remove it every day with that other thing.
Adware.
What is it?
And any rate, I don't care.
Out of way.
Five, six, seven.
Now we'll probably get some calls on us.
Oh, you better get that thing off there.
Then Alexa, I like it.
Okay, I like it.
I'm very happy with it.
Three days.
I like the fact that Eric does mommy to have it because he knows that I can email him 400
stories every day.
Like in the time I used to take me to email 15 or 20.
Because man, it's got that little icon in there.
Do your email no matter what page you're on.
But I'm being an aircoast.
And you don't have to keep filling in all the names on area.
Just whoever you're sending it to.
That's it.
There it goes.
Just like that.
WDQ and spyware line.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
Pretty good.
I want to know where do these priests get off thinking that they can go out.
They're all molesting these children.
And they think that they're above the law.
And that nothing can happen to them.
Oh, well that goes back to that whole thing about the, what do they call that law, George?
Which one?
Cannon law.
Cannon law.
And civil law.
That was the thing they were bringing up with this whole first law a couple of years ago.
Right.
As if they're above the law of any country that they're living in, they can make up their own laws and don't confuse us with the facts.
They answered a guide.
Right.
You know, if these politicians got off of their brain that they're sitting on, right?
And started protecting children and people from, from these people that were in positions that are able to hurt people and have nothing done about it.
See, people like Michael Powell were nearly as concerned about all of children that are being molested as they are concerned about seeing Janet Jackson's booby for a half a second on the Super Bowl.
Then maybe we'd get somewhere.
It's just a bunch of posturing and pandering because it's an election year.
They want to show us how much more pies and holy and better they are than anybody else, even though the administration is slaughtering and getting our people slaughtered every day.
You're right.
They're worried about the wrong things.
If these priests, there should be double or triple the penalty for a regular person because those are put in the position where they're supposed to be higher.
There are laws about that.
You're supposed to be able to leave your children with a priest and not worry about what's going to happen.
Correct.
It is absolutely correct because they play on the trust they build up the trust of the child and the family and then they exploit it and the abuse.
And we've still only seen the tip of the iceberg.
This business is about 4,400 whatever it is.
That's the tip of the iceberg.
Believe me.
But one religion you don't really hear this happening is the Jewish religion.
That's not true.
How about the rabbi in Boko?
A few months ago that most molesting the kid that was setting up dates on the internet.
Sir, let me tell you, they're all a bunch of a fakers.
Not every one of the ministers and priests and rabbis, but I'm just saying as far as the religions are concerned, it's a fakery.
The reason you see more of it in the Catholic Church is because of their unnatural attitude about sex.
Sex is only for procreation in the audio.
Well, I mean, what a bunch of crap.
I remember that story years ago about the handicapped guy.
Right.
I wanted to get married in Chicago and the Catholic Church wouldn't marry them.
These were devout Catholics, but they couldn't consummate the religion.
They couldn't have sex.
Now, on one hand, sex is so evil, but if you're doing it to make more Catholic babies, then it's a wonderful, blessed thing.
That's right.
I mean, just stop and use your noodle a little bit, boys and girls.
Use your brain, okay?
That's the whole reason that they're sitting there on the other side rubbing themselves raw while the kids are telling them,
oh, I touched myself last night, father, I did three times.
Yeah.
And they're sitting in there just rubbing themselves raw.
That's the excuse they give because you have to forgive your, be forgiven for your sins because sex is a sin.
Right.
For them, it's okay, but sex is a sin.
Just like that one priest that Mike Wallace was tracking down on 60 minutes a few years ago when they did that story.
The priest that was doing the girl, right?
Is that what it was?
He said it wasn't a sin because there was no passion.
Remember that line?
Yeah, what about the past?
The past.
Are you starting up again?
Jesus Christ.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the A T and T.
I'm telling you, like I said, I believe that you can believe whatever you want until you get to the point where you start hurting other people with it.
At that point, that's where any sensible rational person draws the line.
And when you use it to, as an excuse, well, the Bible says, yeah, the Bible says a lot of crap because it was written by primitive people.
I said in Georgia before the show this morning, just stop and think if you took the people over over hundreds of years who wrote all of that nonsense,
all of that superstitious mumbo jumbo, if you took them through the time tunnel and you brought them here today and you sat them down and hear all these cars and TV sets and they heard me talking on the radio or anybody else and all these CDs and all these sexual TV.
Right.
And they would say, like that, they would probably, they could, they could be like an amendment institution immediately because they couldn't stand it because they were so ignorant and so primitive.
And much of superstitious geckys, right, every time it funded, every time it rained, it was an act of God.
God was crying. God was angry.
And to use this garbage to justify treatment of women and blacks and gays and anybody else, this doesn't fly with anybody whose ration, anybody who's got a brain, which leaves out malgipsin, by the way.
They didn't even know what a rainbow was for Christ's sakes.
Oh, it's a message from God. Don't you understand?
I thought it was a gay symbol.
It is. It's a rainbow fag.
26 past 11 at 560, your fag ship station for the, whatever those teams are.
Right.
And local.
Here's sports radio 560.
She went, she went, yeah.
They didn't watch the TV with the finger up their foot.
Well, white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white, Christian super fun.
Five million in quarters.
While finally they're nuts.
Well, white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white, Christian super fun.
I don't know.
Posted white and tasty from the faculty.
It's hailing back to faculty, Roni and cheese.
Gun holes in the ditch.
Just the case they reproduce.
That's just a doubt all there allows is you.
White lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh
You could serve Michael Powell of the website.
Do they get a swollen putt while peening out their gun?
Whoa, white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white, Christian super fun.
Do they hollage of the fish?
I'm tailgain of their truck.
Whoa, white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white lookin' oh white, Christian super fun.
See that standing eatin' sit back down again and chew.
And watch it all down with a 12 pack of fruit.
Live a life of order, come to heaven you go.
Got only smiles and fun for a natural.
Let's do this.
I love to know what love to know, what love to know.
Hey, I love to know what love to know, what love to know.
But third man.
Now what did you say during the middle of that?
There's a new picture of Michael Powell on our website.
On our website.
Well, it's a little close to lunch but I'll take a chance.
FCC's begin' to that target's man, Kyle and Chicago and Indecency crack down.
Thanks to who is it?
Our listener Fred and Chicago, who facts this to us.
And you know it was a bad copy.
Fred so I just printed it right out from the old Chicago Sunsines.
Went it out, I printed it right out.
Where the hell would what would life be without the internet these days?
You know what?
That's a hard thing.
Because pretty soon your radio and TV are going to be virtually useless too,
as far as getting any real information.
I think they already are.
As far as seeing any titillating pictures or things like that.
Or reading about what's really happening in the rest of the world.
Forget about it.
Okay, let's take a peek at Google Michael Powell, let's see.
There's a sure and stone.
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
Oh, magic. Oh, magic. I bet you're a rich shop probably sent it over.
Anybody that haven't seen that baby, take a look. I mean first take a look at your own stone and then you can compare your own stone. She ain't got nothing compared to Michael Powell.
I think that both of you have had new hand me work. Has he got a pair or what? Oh, here's our death notes. We'll get to that.
Gary says, if you want a web browser that blocks pop-ups, try FireBrewd at Mozilla.org. It's lightning quick and I get no pop-ups.
I don't get any pop-ups either with Alexa or their spying on me. Also, it says I know the Bush A-Wall thing has been beaten to death.
But after reading this week's Newsweek article, I think the most important point is being missed.
Carrying his classmates volunteer to go to Vietnam because they initially supported the war and fell over with their duty.
Bush also supported the war and despised all the anti-war protesters. But instead of enlisting to help fight a war, he supported and used his connections to avoid getting drafted.
Then he can't even bother to follow through with that. What does that say about his character?
Also, does he still think that Vietnam War was anything but a huge costly and deadly mistake? If so, it goes a long way to explain the mess we're in now, Mrs. Gary.
Good points all over Gary, but he's too stupid to understand that. He was a party boy. He was just a busy-getting laden, drinking a lot, maybe take a little up the nose.
Mark Avery, oh no, that's bad news. I actually know who this is.
In fact, I know who's several of these people. Look at this.
Mark Avery, Detroit Radio Personality who during the top 40 air and AM in the 1960s, Spun Tunes, the WJB K&W XYZ, was a long time familiar voice at various radio stations in Detroit over the years.
And who hosted an annual televised charity auction in Pleads Drive for Channel 56, died February 15th in Evansville in the NF for Long Unless he was 74.
Mark Avery, good guy. He had that sound. There were guys, the Lee Allen and Paul Winter and Mark Avery. They had a Dave Prince and Don Z.
What a memory. They all had that same kind of throaty sound at WSYZ. It was a great station.
And then some genius came in there, turned it into a talk station and changed the colliders to WSYT. What an asshole, man. What an idiot.
WABC and WSYZ, the greatest colliders in the history of radio and they co-entend changing.
Reverend John Minkler died. Albany New York Priest of Allegedly wrote a 1995 letter which recently surfaced to Cardinal O'Connor that accused Bishop Howard Hubbub of being part of a ring of homosexual priest who was asked by Hubbub.
Oh, we knew he died, right? Right. He wrote the letter and then all of a sudden he was found dead at February 15th at Waterfleet, New York, an apparent suicide. He was 57, an apparent suicide.
He wrote that it was kind of like Dr. David Blake in England, same kind of a story. Also, Stuttering John Melendez is leaving the Howard Stern radio show to become the new announcer on the night show with Jay Leno, who were placed at Hall who left the show to pursue acting.
I'm leaving because the money is a lot better. And I always wanted to be in LA Melendez City yesterday. I'd eventually like to get a sitcom to be in a sitcom and acting has been really important to me since Stuttering John.
Ozzy Osborne's wife Sharon has engraved some Ozfest bands by demanding they pay upwards of 100 grand in performance, the traveling heavy metal show.
It's a prohibitive for a small or bands that are sourcing or a chairman is focusing on trying to get Metallica's slipknot and Judas Priestess on on Hitler and the tour.
A rep said the Osborne's traditionally charged the lesser known bands for marketing fee, but the Osborne's paid the larger bands and it will not be as slew of doctors in the road.
WPLG channel 10's Peter O'Dench, Peter Densch, 53 long time Howard, your reporter got taken off the air station brass told him he can rain on staff as he behind the scenes problem solvers producer.
Densch's contract is up March 31. He's been taken off the air Peter Densch channel of 10.
You know who that is?
Yeah, I see.
Okay, he's been taken off the air kind of like Dave Gain, but after the same reason.
Dave Gain was taken off the air because even after we got our 62 in sets, we still couldn't see all of them.
Now, we got just a lot of fish to fry here, man.
WDQA, hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Talking about pop-up walkers and spyware.
There are really two different things, of course.
A pop-up walkers walk ads that come up as a result of going to the website.
Right.
The spyware can be very malicious because what it does is it hides files that either can gather information about where you've gone on the internet.
You can go to 10 different sites and then the company that wants to see where you've been to can then go and look at that cookie,
unbeknownst to you while you're doing something else.
I can then grab the information and say, oh, this user has been to this site, that site, that site, that site, etc.
The program that George recommended, spybot search and destroy.
It's absolutely free. There's no charge.
And it actually not only will scan and remove all of the spyware that's already there,
it will actually protect from future spyware coming on.
Okay, what is it again?
Spybot, S-P-Y-B-O-T, search and destroy.
Eric is emailing you the link for it.
Oh, right.
It's a great program and the price is right.
In other words, I can keep my Alexa, but I can install that.
Spybot isn't going to like Alexa according to you.
Oh, all right. Yeah, it'll give you your test.
I don't want to get personal about it, you know?
Exactly.
No, I highly recommend this to me, please.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, now what do you tell me it's not going to like Alexa? What does that mean?
In other words, it'll come up on the list.
It'll get into a fist fight right there on my screen. That might be interesting.
Yeah, you see.
It'll come up on the list of spyware.
The spybot reports the spyware that's on your computer and it will report Alexa as spyware,
but that doesn't mean that you have to get rid of it.
You just uncheck the box and delete all the other ones.
I see presumably.
I see.
Well, I'm not as nervous about it as some of you are, I mean, some of you people are.
I'm not that concerned.
Hey, I've never seen the reality pictures and I'm proud.
I see spy bots spy bot bot bot bot.
Okay.
By the way, I got to get to this FCC and ankle thing in Chicago.
We will get to that.
And of course, that was the show that Farrell was on briefly, but I think it was probably
a good decision on his part to go to Atlanta.
Although, I don't know, Atlanta is a pretty right wingman, pretty Yahoo,
even though there's a lot of shfarts who's there.
It's pretty, uh, it makes Tampa seem very liberal by comparison.
It doesn't matter how filthy you are because nobody's going to be clean enough to suit anyone.
That's right.
Nobody can be quite pure enough like Ivory soap, 99 and 44, 100% pure to satisfy Michael Powell.
And of course, no wonder he's got that big pals to drag around.
My life and look all this is for 205, 60, way to go.
You're nicking a whorehouse.
Hey guys, you want a cheer-all?
Have Britney sit on your face.
Make that all back to clear-all.
When Britney sits on your face.
Oh, forget about your wife, a girl for now.
On the only safe grades.
Better shave off that beard and smash their eggs.
Pick up the pace.
You're really gonna love it.
When Britney sits on your face.
Imagine the view of my man.
When Britney sits on your face.
Man, it's over.
It looks like a crowd.
When Britney starts sitting down.
Britney sits on your face.
Yeah, Britney sits on your face.
Imagine Britney Spears leaving her clothes all over your floor.
Knowing it just a minute or two, you're gonna score.
Wipe off that dim big beast too.
Live all Britney sits on your face.
Careful not to bite on chew when Britney sits on your face.
Stop dreaming and clean up your place.
Cause she wants a brand new family.
You know, I hit the right conclusion in your creations.
But this spy car, which is what you get with a spy bot, yeah.
It looks exactly the same as Adderware.
Okay, well, I don't know from Adderware.
It's the same thing.
Okay, but I'll do it.
I'll scan right now.
Okay.
I just installed it and I'll make you happy.
And Eric, don't have to set it to me.
Eric, I already got it.
I'm way ahead of you.
I'm becoming so computer-litter-bit now for an old fart that is really scary to me.
I can't imagine anybody that's got more than 10 bucks since they're so much cheaper now.
I can't imagine any old fart just because they're a fuddy-dirty.
Oh, that's just too new thing for me.
And I mean, cut the crap.
People are leaving them out on the swale for the garbage.
Right.
That's right.
Cause you know, the out of date ones.
How is Swale doing, by the way?
Is he still running?
I think he's in the fourth of the Gulfstream.
Who?
It's called Swale.
Oh, look at this.
This thing is just...
It works exactly.
I just ran Adderware a little while ago.
But just to him where you, I ran spy bot,
and it comes up with spy killer.
And it's a...
Even the menu is exactly the same.
So I think Adderware and this thing are the same thing.
And it's scanning, and it's looking, and it's searching, and it's destroying,
and it's seeking, and it's sniffing out.
And it's...
So it's going through there.
Anyway, SEC's speaking of sniffing it out.
It targets Manco in a decency crackdown.
It says Robert Feeder, sometimes columnist in Chicago.
Washington's renewed crusade against broadcast in decency.
He had back to Chicago yesterday to bite Manco,
and now Muller in the back side again.
And the old back dome.
Bottom.
The FCC said, at the forebroadcast of Manco,
you're the one that suggested that I think that's fine.
You have to stay to a toddler.
The FCC said, at the forebroadcast of Manco's Morning Madhouse
from 2001 and Slapping Fines of $28,000 against
the mother of Chicago outlet, WKQXFM.
In two severed actions, the FCC upheld $21,000 in fines.
For three previously cited broadcast in March and May of 2001,
imposed an initial $7,000 fine for a fourth broadcast in March 2001.
The latest fine was for airing of a song,
a parody called Smell My Finger.
You ready for that?
I'm thinking.
Smell My Finger.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The FCC's actions were based on complaints filed by David.
Would you listen to me?
I'm listening.
Filed by David Edward Smith on behalf of his Chicago based
citizens for community values.
Since Smith began monitoring Mueller show in 1990s filed at least
37 complaints against Q101, resulting in six fines for
indecency, totaling $42,000.
Chuck Dakota, Vice President and General Manager of Q101,
said, notice, it's been made whether it will appeal to fines.
Like every other broadcast,
we take this stuff really seriously, said Chuck Dakota,
the Vice President and General Manager of Q101.
We monitor what we do.
We're working with our talent on a daily basis.
I know the town is responsive, which is probably
why we're early in there no more.
We don't want to be in these positions.
I'm working hard to make sure that we operate within the guidelines.
We want to be good corporate citizens.
The $21,000 fine covered broadcast on March 6th and 7th,
and May 17th, 2000, won an involved discussion of sexual and
sexual abuse of a sexual stimulant by a female cast member,
and the third involved vivid descriptions of genitalia,
masturbation, semen, and sexual activities according to the FCC.
Keep in mind, by the way, that mankind was the right wing,
lunatic.
Keep sucking that right wing ass, man.
Right.
Right.
Bottom.
The $7,000 fine was for the earring of the Smell My Finger song,
on March 12th, 2000, which is filed to contain graphic and explicit
references to sexual activity according to the FCC.
Malor Express frustration yesterday over the whole ordeal,
imagine being fined by the government for something it did in 2000,
money said the fact that the show has changed a lot,
and I'm looking forward at this point so much for free speech,
you said, and you know what he is?
Absolutely correct.
That's your people, man.
Cowdats, the people that you support.
That's what they're doing to you.
Michael Powell and all these other right wing lunatics, bottoms.
Typical of the industry's fearful response of this whole deal was
a warning memo sent to staffers by an ex-medie group that
had ever based owner of a dozen suburban outlets this afternoon,
Michael Powell's warnings.
The rules are very vague, but the FCC is starting to enforce them anyway,
and they're coming down on radio stations with fines that could put a station
out of business they said.
You need to understand there's not a list of words you can't say at this point,
but that anything that might even be on the edge could cause problems,
just don't use any word that you wouldn't say in front of your 70-year-old child,
do not even come close to the line if you listen to this.
Yeah.
This is the dictum that they're putting out at this next media.
Do not even come close to the line if you do, you will lose your job,
you'll be held accountable for any fines that result.
Such major owners is infinity, which we read before in Disney ABC Radio
also issued zero tolerance directives that in DC to all programmers
and honor employees in recent days.
Wow, wow, wow.
The indecency issue was built up some serious momentum in Washington
during what Cinnix will notice in election years said Tom Taylor editor of Inside Radio.
Not Cinnix, honest people, Tom.
People who tell it like it is.
Much of baby crap got to talk like everybody is a seven-year-old.
God forbid a seven-year-old should hear like, I'm not even going to say it.
Right.
This thing about a way is how long does this scan take?
Not long.
Maybe long?
Who knows?
How many is it finding so far?
Seven.
Seven spyware registry keys.
And it is scan, well said it would take a little while,
could it's the first time I'm running it?
Okay.
It is just scanning and smoking in the sniffing.
So if that's going to be the guideline is what you can say in front of your seven-year-old.
Right.
Have a nice day.
I'm going to do it well.
I mean there's what I can say in front of my seven-year-old.
Now it's not your seven-year-old.
Everything.
Now in front of your average repressed right wing seven-year-old.
Have a nice day, Tommy.
By the way, do look, or do look.
Well, it's got to be it.
So don't look if you don't want to.
Look for the QM van today, noondatoo.
It's senior stereo in Pemberpines, 19, Pines Boulevard.
That's on Pines in Douglas.
You can win T-shirts and Panther tickets too.
Any interest?
No.
Great game out of the longer one again last night.
Buffalo at eight million shots.
It's 41, I think.
And the Panthers got a point.
He stole a point from one one tie.
Joanne Joanne marked tonight, 1030 to 1230 at the Sandbar grill.
And the Grove stuff.
I'd win tickets and T-shirts.
Enjoy $3.00, Beckston Bex lights.
Then I had a 1030 with Joanne Mark at the Sandbar in the Grove.
How long does this thing keep scanning?
How many hours?
Five or third, man.
Man, just goes on and on and on.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marles Line.
You'll like this story.
Bush prefers our pretty boy to his pretty boy.
This is the tale of two scots, one American, the other Canadian.
One is dark hair, the other blonde.
Both are 35 and work for the most powerful men in the respective countries.
Scott McClellum is the press secretary of the U.S. President George W. Bush.
Scott Reed is the senior strategist of Prime Minister Paul Martin.
But according to Mr. Bush, Mr. Martin has the prettier Scott.
Indeed, welcome to a new era of pretty face Canada-US relations.
This is what happened.
Mr. Bush met Mr. Reed earlier this week at the Summit in Monterey, Mexico,
just after the President's breakfast with Mr. Martin.
Mr. Reed was not initially in the hotel room where the two leaders and their closest advisors met,
but was called into brief the Prime Minister at the end as the group waited for the media.
Mr. Bush wandered over during Mr. Reed's chat with the Prime Minister,
Mr. Reed introduced himself and shook hands with Mr. Bush.
Well, what do you do for this guy?
The President asked as he pointed to the Prime Minister?
Well, you know, sir, I can't really say Mr. Reed said it's not that I don't want to.
It's just that you know, I don't really know from day to day.
This is true. Mr. Reed handles the number of files and performs the number of different duties,
depending on the issue in the day.
The President chuckled, well, you got a pretty face.
He told the surprise, Mr. Reed. He wasn't done.
You got a pretty face. He said again, you're a good looking guy.
Better looking than my Scott anyway.
This is true. His Scott, it has a receding hairline, is on the chubby side.
While Mr. Martin Scott has a full head air and is quite fit.
For the first time in his life, Mr. Reed had no reply.
I didn't know what to say, said Mr. Reed.
Noting later that he wished Mr. Bush would be for him as a rugged looking young man or something.
But I'll take what I can, I guess he joke.
When a Texas Republican says you've got a pretty face, then I guess there's just no way around it.
It's a good thing he didn't say you got a real pretty mouth.
Because then he'd have been in deep, right?
Then run like a...
Bottom, like a...
Deep dude.
Don't say it. Whatever you're going to say, don't say it.
Think about it several times.
Think about it if a seven-year-old child would be offended by it.
Run like a cheetah.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
Welcome to you.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Sean Matthews from Ocamparrac.
Did you see any interviews of the guy that plays Jesus in that movie?
No.
He was going on in two different interviews I saw.
He was going on about how he was struck by lightning while he was filming.
Yeah.
And...
The first day, a light and they said he was struck by lightning three or four times.
They enveloped a little bit, then it turned out he had like a brush at one time deal.
And the people said there was a glow behind him and stuff.
And then he was talking to God, getting a program.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Also, maybe God was sending him a message he was pissed off about this movie.
Maybe, but...
You got not too crazy about these goyms.
Did you see the dinosaur interview?
No.
Okay.
I guess the white, right wing republic in Zonk and I liked so much because he was going on about how...
I guess he was talking about when he was thinking about killing himself or something.
You know, Mel Gibson.
Yeah.
Or I can't remember when exactly an interview it was, but he was saying something like he was going to go someplace and hide.
And he said he was going to go off and hide maybe with the weapons of mass destruction.
Then nobody will ever find me.
He actually said that.
Thank you.
And I couldn't believe it.
I was like, God, wait till the republicans think that Bush is completely infallible and he can do no wrong and he's never wrong.
Wait till they hear this.
I mean, I doubt they ever heard it because all they watch is a TVN and Christian, listen to Christian radio.
And thank the Lord for that.
And don't forget the 700-hundred-hundred club and I'll pray for it.
Thank you.
I wish they could hear this and wish they'd seen it because maybe they'll have a little more doubt about it.
Where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
Yeah, that's true.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Barney Frank opposes gay marriage effort.
Remember I told you this a long time ago and then we got sidetracked.
I like peace and quiet.
Man, I don't need to listen to Barney Frank.
Barney Frank is in my ear because I've made a few bucks off a book I worked on.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Representative Barney Frank said San Francisco's decision to challenge state law and grant marriage lessons is the same such couples could damage efforts by gay rights activists to defend the Massachusetts court decision legalizing gay marriage.
I was sorry to see the San Francisco thing go forward said Frank and openly gay congressman from Massachusetts who shared his concerns with fellow Democrats in San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom before the city began marrying gay couples last week.
In the interview with the A&P Frank expressed concern that the image of lawlessness and civil disobedience in San Francisco would lead some in Congress to support a federal constitutional men in banning gay marriage.
He said he hoped Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court decision of putting the right of same sex couples to marry would serve as a national model for orderly legal protection of gay marriage.
If we go forward Massachusetts and get same sex on a book that's going to be binding an incontestably said today instead San Francisco's move promotes the notion that unpopular laws can be broken or ignored.
When you're in a real struggle San Francisco making a symbolic point becomes a diversion he said.
So there you go.
He's again it.
But in the meantime he got over 23 I think privately by now 25 26 hundred couples are married and why they keep showing all the mencing fruits.
Why don't we see some real macho guys on there you know guys who look like Chuck Heston.
My life and look all the other sports radio by 60.
Way to a.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Wouldn't you really rather have a few that.
Okay, but 50 on you.
Now the days of 50 on you.
A private couple says the bar.
Yes, I really would rather have a Cuban duet with all new Cuban engineering that converts a boat of a car into a boat.
Arrived on shorelauguriously in a real duet canoe with tail fins high enough to sell you across the lanes and into the sea as if it loads.
Wouldn't you really rather have a few that.
Hey, great.
A few that have 59 few.
Absolutely.
Now the game of 59.
A car that always was a five.
Probably one at five sixty WQM happy a Thursday to a mad dog at two the Humphord four.
So that my spy killer.
Yes, that was that one calls five on.
No, but it wasn't five bottom with spy killer.
Okay.
I don't know why, but anyway, it finally finished and it came up and said you have 24.
We've identified 24 spyware files.
Now if you want a movement will cost you 3995 see that's what you got to use the one that Eric emailed you.
He didn't email it.
Well, maybe you did.
I haven't checked.
I haven't checked because I was too busy.
It's all free.
We're investigating.
We, we, we, we.
Everything is free.
That's all.
Go roll by Alexa.
Whatever you do.
I'm going to have a talking to with my computer.
Whatever you do.
Don't remove my Alexa.
I don't care what anybody says.
I like it.
Okay.
I mean, I like business.
Huh?
I like it.
I mean, I needless to say I'm not all that trusting in the government, but is the government connected with Amazon.com?
No.
His Amazon.com.
I'm going to let call up a Michael Powell and say, oh, guess what?
That disgusting proverb in the erogers is a look at it.
No.
Naked pictures of Michael Powell with his big boobies.
I don't think so.
They could be in league with the devil.
Well, we already know that.
In fact, if they're in league with the devil, I'd like to have mine on my computer.
I'm proud of that.
Maybe hello me is pitch folk.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8.
Now, how is the pool coming?
Okay.
I haven't looked at that.
I'm looking at something else on here, which I just I can't get over it.
Okay.
No, I'm not talking about Michael Powell.
Oh, I'm not talking about the response.
All we got to do is put a few nudie pictures on it.
See this idea just in Chicago.
The same thing is every other market.
We got one organization or one guy.
And he's offended and missing that.
And so the FCC uses that and excuse the whole concept of community standards is a joke.
Okay.
The big fan joke.
How can you have community standards?
And that would be like saying, well, you can read whatever book we decide is up to community standards for Miami or for Chicago or for New York or even for Geneva, New York.
And the standards are being set by the most church lady of the month.
Right.
There is no such thing as community standards, except those things that are universally like for example, you don't have to horse out in a corner of a 441 and I was very rude there.
You have to do it in private.
I mean, there are some things that are pretty much universal.
Right.
Like the idea of what you choose to read, what you choose to look at on the internet, what you choose to say on a radio, what you choose to watch on your cable.
This I read that the other day a couple of times and people, you know, they don't they don't understand on your cable like we turned to the blue lagoon on on core right now.
Can't see that.
I'm watching it.
Nudily man.
Even though it's a stunt nude.
Not this one.
I'll return to the blue lagoon.
I'm sure a Jovovich.
Yes. And whatever his name was.
Whatever he had.
Right.
I know.
Small potatoes.
Yes.
He had very tiny teasers.
Whatever.
At any rate.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're just warning you, okay, because you think that it's a usual overreaction.
It's not.
When they start telling me what I can say on the cable, I'm going to have to like move the Canada or something.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60 on the amp.
I'm touching it.
0, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Lone.
They're all busy looking at those Michael Powell's boobies, man.
That is just a beautiful thing.
If you never went to neo-roger.com, trust me what I tell you.
Today is the day.
Not only will you see Sharon Stone, but a lovely, tasteful photo.
That's right.
Nips in all art.
But right underneath Sharon Stone, right between Sharon Stone and Ms. Fudge.
Is Michael Powell holding his gigantic heaving Powell's, man?
Each one of them must weigh about several pounds.
He's the continent's only five.
Each one of those babies got to weigh about 30 pounds.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
Good.
I believe I dialed 954-972-2200.
No.
Maybe.
Not even close.
That could be one of our extensions.
Oh, it could be.
Who are you calling?
What company is this?
Well company are you?
WQAM Radio.
I'm sorry.
Wrong number.
Sorry, too.
Have a nice day.
Oh, click.
See?
I was going to say have a nice day.
I did say that, but he already clicked me on the head of time.
He sounded too boring to be on our show anyway.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I'd like to comment.
Do you take calls?
Well, that's probably where you have the numbers out as we take calls.
Yeah.
Or I just killed some good time.
Go right ahead.
You're on right now, sir.
I'm traveling.
First of all, I've listened to your show.
I'll be down here.
Where are you from?
I'm from the Midwest.
Don't come back to Florida again, man.
Okay, the state.
Go ahead.
My question is, I was just flipping channels and just listening.
And the, I'm not a Republican, but I am a Christian.
And I was trying to connect the dots between your caller a few minutes ago.
It's somehow right-wing Republicans are also Christians who support the Mel Gibson movie.
And I'm trying to connect all of them.
What do we need to connect those dots?
Well, you were supporting that conversation.
conversation and and as if as if that's reality. Yeah. Do you think it is? I'm not saying
that they're all supporting. Well, first of all, right when Republicans are at all Catholics
and as you well know, many born again Christians hate Catholics and vice versa like Poison,
that's that little time religion. That's what it'll do for the world. I don't I don't
know that. You don't know that? That many have many born again Christians hate Catholics.
You don't know that? No, I don't know that. Well, have you been living under a rock somewhere?
You're not insulting me. I don't know that. I don't know that. How could you not know that?
I don't believe that's true statement, but I guess if you know, I don't know. You don't believe
that there's a tremendous long historical rip between most Protestant denominations and the
wrong Catholic church. That's not what you said a moment ago. That's that was too. You're drawn. You're
drawn. You're drawn a connection of centuries and centuries ago and somehow you're saying that
is happening today. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. Having you while you find that revolutionary,
haven't you heard the jury fall wells and the other born again back this to decry the
Catholic church? There's a difference between them, but that they hate each other.
Oh, many of them do. Yes. In fact, you take all the wrongs. You're not saying you're using
your words very uniquely. No, I'm not. I'm using very I'm using very very straightforward and
honestly, sir. And you're not listening to anything that I'm saying to you. Oh, I'm listening.
I'm just trying to understand what exactly it is you're saying because you keep
going. Yes, sir. Don't you understand? I don't understand your misuse of your own words.
And if you simply be if you'd simply be consistent. So, sir, I think anyone anyone could either just
forget. What? Why don't you tell me what you're talking about instead doing this little dance?
They always do tell me what you're doing. You're doing the dance, but if you'll stop the
interrogatory, we can have a certain relationship. I'm sure I'm going to have any conversation
unless you answer the question. Okay. If you want to have a two-aid day. I'll ask the question.
Here's the point. Yes. You're going to make the statement. What's that statement?
That Christians hate Catholics. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I don't have to because I know
what I said, asshole. I said that a lot of born-again Christians hate Catholics like Poison and
Vice versa. Just like a lot of Orthodox Jews hate the other Jews who aren't Orthodox and through
a bridge at their homes in Brooklyn. It's the fact it's not my opinion. Wake up and sift the
Davidils man. What do you say it was from? The Midwest. Oh, well, the Midwest. Go back. Maybe it's
from Evansville, Indiana or Colorado. Oh, and that's not the Midwest. Well, Ed Henry. Welcome to
the real world, sir. He was just astonished and shocked because he hadn't heard this thing that
there are born-again Christians and Catholics who despise and hate each other like Poison. Don't
need some help. 560. 560 on a 18-line QA Am hello. Who was it that went to Bob Jones University?
What was that all about? I forget that controversial. Right. And why was that Bush that went to
John? That was George W. And what exactly did W say at Bob Jones University? He said God bless
America and the Catholics who got problems. And this guy from the Midwest calls in and he doesn't
understand that. What's his problem? But why are you trying to rationalize this? Sir, you did
understand what you're dealing with. The man has a closed mind. His brain has been stolen. There's
a search party looking for it. When they find JFK's brain, maybe they'll find his two. The whole
Midwesters like that. We need to drop a bomb on them. The brain bomb. Let's drop a brain bomb.
Well, there's a little one. We dropped the little one. Okay. Michael Polligan upset about that.
Sir, you know, welcome to the real world. That previous caller. I just, it's always amazing to
me when you ask a question, what they're doing is they're doing the little dance while they try
to figure out what the response is going to be. Just like the origin. When you start asking about
the nonsense in the Bible, oh, you can't say that. Well, of course, I can say it because it's true.
I've read it after the first page you put it in the, or you burn it. You destroy that thing before
anybody else gets their brain infected by it by that garbage written by primitive idiotic people.
And try to have a conversation with any of those religions. And so I try to talk to the brick wall.
Can't do it. Even a brick wall might give you a better response. Certainly the yellow brick road.
5 6 7 0 and I didn't even mention this yet. They'd eighth grader charged with murdering classmate in
school. Remember that horrendous story? Yes, of course. Yes, today, a date county grand jury,
and ended up a 14 year old middle school student on the first of your murder charge in the sling of
a classmate in the school bathroom to which I say, all right, Brian. The indictment guarantees that
Michael Hernandez and eighth grader at Southwood middle school, we tried as an adult for the February
3rd murder a 14 year old Jamie Rodrigo Gao. Goff. I don't know how you know how you pronounce that name.
Now to see the murder him. That's not amusing. That's not even if Michael Powell's going to get your
ass. We're your bottom. Hernandez has been named by the South Dakota Sun Central because he's
been tried as an adult would spend the rest of his life in prison if convicted of the first
degree charge. Understay law, he'd have no possibility of parole. Good. They police arrested the
board today, just lying after he allegedly confessed to stabbing his best friend in the throat with a
serrated knife. Although Hernandez told he tech as he had planned to kill Goff. He didn't explain why
later that day police detect his found tonight and bloody late-text glove and Hernandez is back.
And it just goes on but that good old time religion man, it ain't to have a much effect, much impact
just like those kids in Columbine, you know, the ones whose parents kept taking them to church every Sunday
didn't do too much good. Religion for that caller before and anybody else who hasn't read their
history or is living in a vacuum right now, religion breeds hate, division and hate. Not love,
not compassion, not all of those wonderful flowery things that we hear the jury fall while
in Pat Robertson's always preaching about. So it breeds hate and contempt, not to mention lies,
not to mention Jimmy Swagger, not to mention Jim Baker, all out of the crap. 1213 at 560 WQY said
all other stuff. Sorry. Hey, let me tell you right now about your paycheck. If it's teeny and tiny,
you've got some real problems, man. You got sources. They say in Czechoslovakia. I always keep saying
Czechoslovakia. There ain't no more Czechoslovakia. That's why I say it. Sure there is. No, there's
not. There's no Czech Republic. All right, well then there you are. So you get with it. I would say
you've decided to do it. No more you've decided to do it. As they say in Kosovo, check out Fast Train
and get out of your dead end job and get you a real life call today, tool free at 1-866. Fast Train,
you can start a brand new high-paying career, a computer career just about right away. And just
for short months, Fast Train can help you get a new high-paying computer career, the likes of
what you've never seen. The demand for computer professionals continues to grow. So pick up that
phone and call 1-866. Fast Train. And with several locations now, Fast Train's bound to have a
campus near you. Fast Train offers job placement, financial assistance for people who qualify.
With day night and weekend classes, no excuse to stay in that crappy dead end job, no more. And like
I said, you can have a new high-paying career in just for short months if you make that one easy call.
Check them out on the web if you like. First at fast train.com and then call them tool free at 1-866. Fast Train.
National Brotherhood Week New Yorkers love the ques or weekends cause it's very
chic. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try.
All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus
hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but you're
National Brotherhood Week National Brotherhood Week gets national every one's smile at one and
that they heard week feet. Nice two people who are inferior to you. It's only four a week so have no fear.
Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
Okay, it comes. 17 I just installed a sky spot from the email. Yeah. Okay. And Eric says whatever
you installed before that's a popular thing. He says you probably installed more problems. That's okay.
By the end of the day, if everybody would have just left me alone, I had no problems at all. Everything was just fine.
You know what I'm saying? Oh, we're fine. Exactly. But now, God only knows who with creepy crawlers are
crawling around inside my computer. Much less those gigantic things that Michael Powell is hanging down. Man,
most things must weigh 100 pounds of peace. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We do take calls by the way,
occasionally on the near-larger show, we insert them here and there. That's why I give the phone
numbers out. I should have known right off the bat. He was a rocket scientist when he said,
do you take calls? No, we give the numbers out because it kills a lot of good time. It makes the audience
feel like they're a part of the show. That's right. WQM. Hello. Yeah, I'm the warrior. Okay, sir.
I think that car a couple of bad deserves what Christians do for fun. I think that'd be a nice
channel for them. Yeah. Okay. I just got through playing it. Yeah, no, you played something else,
but the song I'm talking about. I just got through playing it 10 minutes ago and have it I stay.
I love the people I like to program the show. Don't you love those people a bit? I just got through
playing that a few minutes ago, pal, like at the 12 noon. So do you take calls? Yeah, because I never
learned my lesson. I take calls. We're here to take all your calls and hear from all of America.
All their wonderful stuff. They're good to bat and especially ugly. WQM. Hello.
Hey, sir. Pretty good. Good. Any change? I got my good buddy. I was the one that gave you the
Capacitic thing the other day. Listen, is there any way you can play the letter of my penis?
I see you're doing what his last guy did. Why do you want to hear that? I want to write it.
I'll be easy. Why do you want to hear it? Because I have a body here. It's never heard.
It's going to be a fall off the seat laughing. Does he have a penis?
Better try first. I'll play it for you, pal. He's coming up in a few minutes.
That's about what? Have a great day. See you on that bridge.
I'll get it. Wow. This is something special in it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, let's take 40, 50,000 calls between now and two. What do you say?
Oh, right. Let's pack them in, man. We're going to be packing it like crazy.
I never did give the results of the pull up today. This will get that Midwestern guy very, very upset.
That very pious guy who's a whatever he said he was. He was so shocked that there are Christians
who hate Catholics saying that you're making that up. You're making that up. He doesn't believe you.
I just made that up. Lutherans wait the whatever. There is just incredible religious hate all throughout history.
Not just a thousand years ago, not two thousand years ago, not 50 minutes ago.
But right now is we sit here on our fat bottoms. Okay. See you forget what the count on our foggy bottoms
during the inquisition. We're burning you at the stake because we love you.
That is right. We want to know you know for you. You can't refuse. That's correct.
That's correct. Is the torture of love. 617 votes. What's your take on the religious right?
There are nothing but hate mongering morons 203. The whole religion thing is a big racket. 171.
I don't mind if they would just leave me alone 80. They're full of Shiite 61.
They gave their brains away to fakers 37. They're the biggest perverts of all 33.
I wonder if they had the priest in mind and I probably part of it.
And of course James Swagger and Timmy, Jim Baker and others.
And I'm one of them praise God 32 5.1%. So you see we don't have all heathen's listening to this show.
We've got 5.1% of this audience so far who are one of those religious right.
The only problem is they're wrong.
And I love those bumper stickers back in the Anita Bryant days and the early days of fall.
Well, the religious right is neither neither.
For the moral majority is neither too. Both of those were both good.
David says once in a while about Channel 7 news at 10 p.m. I'm so sorry David.
They no longer call themselves the news. The 10 clock show is called The Big Show.
Oh, it sounds like Howard B. Lollover again.
Really big show. The big show was on to talk about murder, rape, robbery, death and destruction.
What a great show they have over there on Channel 7.
Rape, robbery, death and destruction. And Michael Powell is worried about Janet Jackson's booby.
There you go, America. I can't imagine why 14 year old kids are killing each other in high school.
Can you? No. WQA Am Hello.
Hey, how are you? Want to talk to Neil?
Speaking. Hey, Neil. Is anyone called you about Larry Flint's story coming out?
I talked about that two days ago.
Oh, sorry. He's not only is it coming out. He's writing a book about it that will be released this summer.
Right. Can't wait. And the Leanne Rhymes, when she sang the song at the Daytona 500, her nipples were popping out of her mouth.
Oh, no. Don't tell Michael Powell's man. Is there a video of that?
Wish was smiling. Long time first time. Have a good one.
All right. Thanks a lot, pal. Leanne Rhymes.
Maybe we can find a newbie of her. I'm going to use my Alexa toolbar to search for it.
All right. But don't get that spy. We're all locked up in here. I'm using spy underwear.
See, I don't I just I don't know. It seems to me that some of the computer nerds get a little bit too carried away.
I don't have any problem. First of all, I don't have that much stuff in here. Okay.
This is my home computer. This is I use this only for this show. See what I'm saying? Yes.
So what is it that I got in there that I'm concerned about? It's not about the information you're giving them.
It's about there installing software and it's all running all those 20 odd, whatever numbers, 70, whatever,
pieces of registries are all doing things actively on your computer. What are they doing?
What are they doing? They're transferring information back and forth, causing your system to slow down.
Maybe my system hasn't slowed down. My system is like just like that.
Like lightning won't make it noticeable, but those people have hundreds of people spy were on there.
Well, I only got 24 and I don't want so far. They installed my spy bot.
Minutely, they're installing themselves every time I still got my Alexa line on there. Okay. My toolbars. Okay.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. Oh, look at this. We got a great. I want to have a lot of great articles on our website today.
I'm going to try to cut down on a Vitamiric. I know it's really depressing and distressing because until we get Josh to read now that I tried a
Stratford, I'll give you the information. I just want to wait here one minute before the show.
So I spoke to him really quickly and said, yeah, I do this thing post haste now like today.
Get it done because then once Josh gets that job, we get him that computer.
Then we can send him like 50 60 articles every day because he's got nothing but time.
It'll keep him on. It'll. Where you going, Josh? It'll keep him out of trouble.
It'll keep me won't be getting a girlfriend of his pregnant. I mean, he'll have no time to be dealing around and doing the dirty, dirty work of the devil.
He doesn't have a girlfriend. Well, he has several girlfriends. Like I said, that's even more reason why we need to be assessing his time more wisely.
Okay, because you know what the three wise ladies, I mean the three wise men said what they said, cut the crap.
Oh, cut the something like that. And of course, you see what happened to them. You don't see them no more.
Do you know that's because they said crap one time too many. WQA him. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am.
I'm sure if you read that the other phone in the details on page 3a, why house to choose the suppressing signs? Did you read that yet?
Oh, I saw on our website. Oh, didn't he? Okay, I was assured. It is.
Oh, I'm a little. Isn't that critical? I'm glad you mentioned that. I think I might actually print that one out and read some of it. Thanks a lot.
It's difficult, but it's on our website. All right. Thank you.
Also, the white house, speaking of lies, you know that all those millions of new jobs, 2.6 million new jobs they were going to have.
And they put up a report in the president's sign that they sent it to Congress and they paused it and I shiny book.
Well, yes, why not so fast? Our bad. We screwed up. See, like I told you this morning, they had one number was right.
The two was right, but the point six million was wrong. They're going to create two new jobs this year.
You know what they're going to be? What president and vice president?
That's correct. They're going to create two new jobs in November, one for Carrie and one for John Edwards, president and vice president.
And those are the only new jobs they're going to have. The worst record, the only administration in history to lose jobs during their term in office.
The worst since hebert Hoover.
5.670560, 0.560 other than hebert Hoover, of course. He lost a couple of jobs, including his own.
WQA, hello. QAM. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Listen, I'm not religious and I hate everybody from the Midwest.
Okay. Listen, I'm with the couple contest. I actually had a question for you. Yes, sir.
Would you allow me to try and sway the public opinion? No, because then I have to have 35 other people call and do the same. Good luck, you sir.
And thanks for entering the contest. No, I can't do that. Basically, if you want to cheat on the outside, there's nothing we can do about that.
People that are like filtering, getting all their friends and voting over and over. And that's just the way it is. That's what happens on the Internet.
But as far as coming on, you're in making a plea. I can't, which is why I'm not making any commentary about anybody on there, because I don't want to swing it or sway it.
You know what I'm saying? Swinging sway with Sammy. His gay. Can we still say that? No. 27 past noon. It can't say gay. No, mole man.
Unless, of course, you're married. Hey, if you're starving, you want to break from the kitchen. You want a really great feast.
Emile Coast wants to take care of the cooking for you today or any day. Start out your mouthwatering eating feast with six different soups and then samples, zillions of succulent entree.
New York strip made a order in their sizzling Asian grill. The new seafood saying, Jacques oysters on a half shell. Alaskan stone crab, middle neck clams, jumbo shrimp, scampy every night.
If you still have them, sample their handcar primer and their new Thai specialties too. The Emile Coast buffet promotes healthy living. They don't use any MSD no cornstarch.
You won't walk out of there with a headache, only a big smile on your fat push and they cook only with cholesterol for yours too.
The buffet features a full salad bar, the new sushi bar, fresh rim cocktail, two-and because you deserve it, Emile Coast features a full dessert station.
So save a little room in a corner of your pants. They got Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit.
So if you want a really fantastic feast, the likes of which you've never seen in your life, you'll always find it at the Emile Coast.
Re-sautful locations in sunrise, high down to 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach.
And you'll also find the newest one at the Essex De Flamingo and Pepper Grades Inn, Prestige's Pembroke Pines.
So take the whole family, book your next business lunch and whatever the case, let them do the cooking for you at the Emile Coast takeout and deliver you available too.
Call 954-572-3822. 954-572-3822. Lots and lots of imitators out there but take it from me. There's nothing like the Emile Coast Chinese buffet.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
You know what, I almost forgot to play.
I got a few after all.
Oh and Rodney, wow, you're shaving the shave, my...
27-1 at 560 WDQM. So anyway, Jerry and Buddy, this brings whenever regular facts who says the confusion between Spy Killer or Spy Hunter and Spy Bot is...
There's an odyssey on their website that he faxed to me. And they say if you were misled, the Spy Hunter or Spy Killer through Google AdWords, which I was, please contact Google.
And then I'm going to have to go through after the show of removing Spy Killer, don't you think? Yeah, that'd be a good idea, I guess.
I guess I'm going to have to get that off of there.
Get it off. Or maybe, uh-huh. We still say get it off.
No, don't say get it off and surely don't say shave my ball. Remove it.
27-1 at 560-56705-60. 560-560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. The hot couple's contest is just smoking me at like over 7000 votes on their Reservus morning.
I don't even, I just don't even look at it right now. WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, I, uh, when I speak with Nielplein. Speaking.
Yeah, I want you, Sally. Pretty damn good, Pally.
Hey, listen, uh, I, I, I, I have to make a comment. I'd like to hear your reaction. Go right ahead, make a comment, please.
I was watching, uh, just like your regular cable superstation. Yeah. It was one of these bad, even seagull movies with a karate chop.
Oh, God. I saw a little violence in blood. Right.
I had to turn it off. I, I'm not one of these, uh, you know, right wing freaks, but I'm thinking this is, uh, it's a very violent movie.
And I stopped and I thought, you know what? This is what's wrong with the country is that it's okay to have blood and multiple compound fracture bone breaks.
There's a community. But you can't see an area. Right. Oh, I don't think you need even say a real in no mode. Don't be saying that.
I'm sorry. Did I just go bleep? I know you didn't get bleep, but I think starting tomorrow, you might.
I tell you, I mean, this is what we have. We have a warm, monguing, sexually repressed people with a finger on the button and the finger somewhere else.
And, uh, hey, I'm getting my passport. That's it. I'm out.
Okay. I'll see you in the falls, man. He's going to be a swimmer right across Niagara Falls. He'll be coming over floating in a barrel.
Jane and four Lauderdale says I was raised in Catholic when I was a child. Some neighbor kids whose father was a Protestant preacher of some denomination.
I forget used to physically attack me for being a st. worshiper. I guess this guy that called before. I mean, I'm a little bit slow today because it is Thursday already.
Uh, Northern Ireland to be a great place to look at right now. So your little kids can't even walk to school because the Protestants and the Catholics throw bricks at each other. Okay.
And at the kids, that's those Irish Protestant. That's not a Christian for the right. Anyway, she says now I wonder where they ever got that idea. Could have been their father. Right.
The devil, a st. worshiper. Don't stop since Jane and four Lauderdale, I'm a sweetheart. I'm plotting right ahead. Northern Ireland is a classic example, man, where they continue dropping when a bomba grandeur, whatever it's convenient because.
And then of course they have the Protestant marching days when they all put on their orange outfits and they marched through the Catholic neighborhoods as if they were going to show you.
Yeah, we're going to show you a thing or two and as a matter of fact, they do they bend over part right in front of each home.
I mean, come on, sir, when you grow up already, the world could be a beautiful place. I know it sounds ridiculous because it's ludicrous because it's the biggest taxes and business going anywhere.
The biggest racket any place is religion and the biggest reader of hate. Look back at 9.11 look at all this crap that's going on the world. And this is why this media that we've got there's so scared crapless.
So he said it again, but I put the less on it. See less crap more filling. I put their so scared crapless of organized religion. They don't dare. I mean only once in a great while, when you see somebody on there who even like Bill Maher, whom I can't stand by the way, but nonetheless, I will give him credit for talking about religion being a pile of crap when he was on king that night.
And Larry kept saying, uh huh. Yeah. It's all you had to say because he wasn't going to touch that with the 10 foot, Mazaza. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. The only religion man is dietary duty as a man. Go get some good, Deli. Eat yourself.
You're not going to get a certain public don't go your clog your arteries too much and it'll be a fine life. Okay. And leave all the rest of us alone with a gobbledygook and the passion of Jesus and Abraham and holy Moses and all of these things. You know, enough of that bull crap too many important things going desperate things going on in the world today and almost nobody's got the balls to talk about him openly and honestly I get this interloper call which is fine. He's entitled calling in from somewhere in the Midwest. He hasn't figured out where he's from yet. Maybe from hunger.
Give me a lecture about all over how can you say that like it like it's true. How can you say these things. Very simple. I open my mouth and watch my lips move. Okay, sir. Watch my lips.
Back them. Meet me. Meet me. That amazing. Just look at the speaker on your radio and watch the move. WQ. I am. Hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. How's it going? It's going great. Hey, I don't think everyone is a good choice for carry to be a body mate. The odd. What do you say that?
Well, because first of all, carry is not going to want to go better looking and speak better than me. Yeah, second of all, I think you want to take a runny mate who can attack you at a party and never just a nice guy. He needs to get popped.
Graham. That's what he needs. He wants to in Florida. Never happened. Why do you think I agree with him? All four Bob Graham. I like Bobby Graham. I think he would be fine and I would guarantee a floor to win. But see, John Edwards, you're looking at the wrong way because the fact Edwards looks living and breathing.
He would distract attention when they're on the stage together. People would look at carry and see how scary he looks. So it would be good. You don't think the people would say that he's been running instead? I think it could cause. Well, I don't think so because the polls are not saying that yet. And in addition, which you'll see a week from next Tuesday.
I think he's going to wipe the floor with them because they don't have those those interlopers. The Republicans independence voting. The other primers like to do in Wisconsin.
Right. I don't keep Bobby Graham. I know he's a little seen how he could do a job. I'm all for Bobby, baby. And those BDIs, man, he's the man. He's a man. Take it easy. Thank you. He's I agree with him. I don't have to do a selling job with me. I love Bobby Graham. He was the first one talking about the whole phony war and about this whole connection between al-Qaeda and the Sodom, which there wasn't any in the first place.
And about all these terrorist cells that we have here. We're doing a pretty crappy job of it and all this other garbage. He's the he was the first one long before Howard Dean.
I feel sad about the whole Howard Dean thing because he he degenerated from really having balls in the first place to just I guess bad advisors or bad. I don't know.
Or maybe he woke up one day and looked at his wife and said just hell with it. Now seriously, I don't know what happened in because he became more and more feeble.
Well, I kept telling you during the debates, boy, I was really disappointed in the beginning. He was like a house on fire.
And he had all this momentum. He had the young people all whipped up into a frenzy. There was the big internet movement. He was raising all of that money.
And then he just became a more funbling and bubbly. And I think one of the point that really started making me wonder was that that the brown and black debate in Iowa, remember that?
Yes. And sharp and asked him how many black members there were in his cabinet. And when he was governor of Vermont and but a bit better.
And he he totally fumbled it and then the next day said he wasn't prepared for the question. This was a question about race.
It was the black and brown debate. About minorities and he wasn't prepared for the question. He wasn't prepared to run. That was the problem. He did a lot of ballsy things of great, but he just tore.
And you know, people are just going to say, well, you know, the media was unfair. That's true. But then this is the point when you're running your presidential campaign, you can't be unpresidential because they need you to the cross.
I'm sorry. That was a bad question. Okay. I'm so sorry. I apologize.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Yes, they do, but there's all the people think it's so odd.
Now he's the reason that we have any today's saying.
And two are dead, and he's the reason that all the Christians praise him.
Two are dead, and they praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down, praise him,
kneel down the leaning war of 40 crown, two are dead, and dead, and dead, and do.
Two are dead, and they praise him, ye BMW, two are dead, and dead, and done.
He's the chicken, One Jedi, two jeden, two peoples, and two Muslims.
Two are dead, and they praise Jones Law and Law andang Law, two who have creed,
I said 560 WQ, I'm on a thank the guy to call before.
I had forgotten, I didn't forget, but like put away in the back of my mind.
In behind Harold and Sandy Fisher and Walter Ross and Red Ross, I have more important
things to think about.
About the Bob Jones University flat.
I thought I would ever forget about Bob Jones.
Pat Buchanan, you'll recall, spoke there.
Yeah, before W.
Right.
But at any rate.
Here's an article I found on the internet just now, did a little search on Bob Jones University
to come up with something really quick to give you an idea.
And again, for that guy who's looking for an education from the midwest who can't find
one there.
Vina Thomas writes, Bob Jones, true colors.
George W. Bush was heavily criticized for appearing in Bob Jones University in unacquitted
college known for being racist and anti-catholic.
He's made no attempt to distance himself from any of the philosophers of the university,
perhaps leading some people to think he's reported the college's beliefs.
Though Bush denied the allegations and subsequently apologized, the image remained in the public
side.
Not sure how a university could be both racist and anti-catholic and get away with it.
I decided to do some research.
I located the college's website and began to browse.
Not surprisingly, the site had an entire section devoted to recent press coverage and in
defense of the institution.
Bob Jones, the tour president of Bob Jones University, wrote a formal press release in
support of his college.
It reads like a used car salesman's pitch.
Bob Jones manages to alienate half the people in his speech whom he so desperately needs
to convince to support his college.
While championing religious freedom in the U.S., he mocks Islam, Judaism, and Roman Catholicism,
as he wonders why some of their fundamental beliefs haven't been attacked sooner.
Wait, isn't he supposed to be trying to convince us that he and his university are not anti-catholic?
Religious freedom and allowing others to believe and practice what they want is one of the ideas
upon which this country was founded, yet if Bob Jones kept insisting that he was not
anti-catholic, what would cause others to think so?
There must be a complication here.
Sure enough, upon reading a transcript of Larry King interviewing Bob Jones, I found a clue.
Stated Larry King, but if you call the Pope the Antichrist, you'll offend Catholics.
Instead of refuming this statement or denying he'd ever done such a thing, he instead supported
himself.
Yes, but you know, article six of the Westminster Confession calls the Pope an anti-Christie
toward a Jones, not anti-catholic, his repeated denials of anti-catholic beliefs were fast-waring
thin, especially when he could hardly make it through a denial without bashing Catholics.
Undoubtedly, his case wasn't helpful when Larry King asked, did you call George's W. Bush's
father a devil and Jones replied, you know I did.
Bob Jones seemed very confused by King and managed to trip up often and look like an idiot,
as Jones later ranted and raved about all the liberals at Harvard and Yale King had
to remind him that George W. Bush graduated from Yale.
Jones had nothing to counter with except, well it's possible for a man to come through the
system and not buy into it.
What about the allegations of racism?
In the course of defending himself from such allegations, Jones managed to insinuate that
blacks and other races come from broken homes and abusive families.
Is he close and how to support himself or does he just have opinions too strong to hide
for very long?
What exactly were the allegations?
Apparently, Bob Jones University has had an official ban on interracial dating for many,
many years.
It's justification.
We stand against the one world government against the coming world of Antichrist, which
is a one world system of blending all differences, of blending of national differences, economic
differences, church differences, into one big ecumenical world.
BJU says it would prefer to keep the races separate.
As a student put it, my own personal belief is that God has made races perfect.
God has made whites perfect in blacks or in orientals and he hasn't given us any reason
to win him against those races.
But he has made them perfect.
It's not a policy that discriminates against the whites or the blacks or the orientals,
but it's a policy that's equal of two or three of the races.
Excuse me, all three of the races?
Don't they teach students at BJU that not everyone falls so neatly in a one of these three
categories?
After the media spotlight hit BJU, suddenly the ban on interracial dating was dropped.
Their sudden decision to eliminate the ban troubled me almost as much as they're having
it.
Said Jones, we have a broader testimony, and if all anybody can see is this rule which
we never talk about or preach, which most of our students could even tell you what it
is, why should we have this here as an obstacle?
If Jones claims this rule is so insignificant, then why was it implemented for so many
years and why the students have such strong views favoring the ban?
On the reverse side, if the rule was so important to the university as it seemingly implied
by its existence, why did they instantly eliminate it when it was attacked?
What about standing up for your beliefs?
What are Bob Jones' universities' true beliefs?
What does Bob Jones' deterred really stand for?
Does he have the strength to stand for anything?
What bothers me most is that someone like Bob Jones can preach what he likes, including
prejudice and animosity toward other religions, and can shape the minds of impressionable college
students under the guise of freedom of religion.
Where do we draw the line?
Sadly, Bob Jones can stand on the soapbox and preach what he likes and no one can stop
him.
What a beautiful column by Vena Thomas on the Internet.
Isn't that nice?
Christians don't hate.
I mean, just a shock in this Mayan at Colorado's Voice.
I can't believe you're saying these things like you really believe them.
My bad.
My bad.
You are bad.
Bad man.
I'm a bad guy because I tell the truth.
Let's see, Boston, the music's the humidious facts this in.
Libraries to get 124,000 CDs this spring is part of a settlement.
The music selection libraries across the state of Massachusetts is about to get much better
as part of a $143 million national settlement of a lawsuit over CD prices, the 488 public
libraries in Massachusetts will be receiving 124,000 music discs, more than 1900 different
titles this spring.
In addition, 68,000 consumers who submitted claims for refund should be seeing checks for
almost 14 bucks a piece in the mailbox in the coming week of 30 General Tom Raleigh
said.
Massachusetts was one of 40 states that agreed to settle a lawsuit which accused major
record companies and large music retailers of conspiring to set minimum prices on music
under that settlement.
It totaled a total of three and a half million people are to get checks in schools across
the country will get $75.7 million worth of CDs.
So there you go.
It says so there are your refunds and buy a Schmidt load of blank CDs and burn baby
burn says the facts are like that shame on you sir shame on you they're going to be
and of course if you don't get that spyware and software and upware and inware and out
ware underwear.
I'm so nervous.
Oh, no, that I installed that the spy killer thing Eric on me really nervous.
Where did you get that and you better uninstall it?
I all this just calm down.
Eric, okay, I'm going to I'm going to make any stories for tomorrow just to keep you
on your on your toes.
All right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lime.
I just got a big line out there.
QA fan from now to is that the senior stereo and Pembroke Pines 9 0 1 9 Pines of Boulevard
that's on Pines in Vegas.
Stop by to win T-shirts, Panthers tickets and take a look at Scott and see exactly what
we were talking about all that time.
Believe me one look and you'll know.
Won't they know?
Tell what they'll know.
Tell me to QA him.
Hello.
Yes, I'll be sure good.
I think maybe since his national brother, we should have a barbecue for something home
is real.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How about you?
How about you?
How about your ass?
That's the crazy guy.
Yeah, but have a nice day.
We've got a few crazy people and of course that's what it's all about.
WQM.
Hello.
Not there.
QA him.
Hello.
QAM.
Neil.
Beasley Broadcasting at its finest.
Yes, sir.
Are there any countries in the world that allowed gay marriages?
Yes.
Which ones?
Netherlands.
Canada.
It's about to say if we thought we were going to do it here first.
I don't think that's going to happen.
We're about as cutting edge as a wooden spoon.
Yeah.
I don't think it has much hope, but I hope it goes through.
Well, good luck to us, pal.
Laura, you'll be pleased.
You'll be pleased no more.
Bush, don't like it.
Will you have gotten married if you had that opportunity?
No.
Anybody gets married of any orientation has got to be a lunatic.
Good luck, you sir.
I'm all against marriage.
Headless sexual, homosexual.
I mean, it doesn't require making babies.
That went out with the bathwater.
Everybody in their brother.
Even Letterman, for example, let it all conquer.
He's making babies.
He's married.
He ain't got to get married, you said.
So what's that got to do with anything?
Oh, there goes all our more days out the window.
Well, that's all you straight people.
I don't see any gay people overpopulating the world making too many babies.
That's what I'm thinking.
I could be wrong about that.
Although two of those dicks out there in Frisco that they were interviewing that got married
last week.
And they said, oh, well, we're planning on having a family and having some babies.
And I thought to myself, oh, OK.
Now, how does that work?
Oh, there's a variety of ways.
If you're talking about it.
If they were talking about adopting, right, maybe they were talking about having like those
Michael Jackson type babies, you know, you got really nice, wonderful guy.
He wrote and Josh will be happy to inseminate, oh, practically anybody.
Yeah, but they want to be art.
I'm sure they don't want to like, oh, see your thing.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, we got the sheet that we borrowed from the.
No, no, no, no, no, only from a test tube.
OK.
So get out your test tube and fill that baby up and the.
I'll bring the baby there.
As long as I get to watch the turkey baser.
Sure.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 0, the AFL CIO endorsing a John Kerry's bid.
I love that music.
It's about the only good thing on CNN is that music at the end of the hour.
I give goosebumps.
The worst music they play is the theme to crossfire.
They probably do that intentionally because they want that show off the year badly.
It's a horrible show.
And the thing with all of these shows is they'll get into some really intense, like the
future of the world is in.
You got it.
And then you hear the music in the back.
Well, we got a break.
Sorry.
Thank you very much for being with us.
And you're like Chris Matthew says, oh, you're great.
You're a great guest.
Everybody's great with him.
He gets on my nerves.
I mean, he's bossy.
I'll say that before he just he just he'll ask somebody here.
He's always got to be the center of attraction.
In other words, I don't know why he has the guest on.
They're like a prop.
He'll ask the question.
They'll start to answer it.
And then he just continue jumping in to make it look like he's a hard-ass interviewer.
But he doesn't let him say anything.
Does he ever reach?
Can he talk like a normal person?
No.
He's not capable of doing that.
So he's one of how many reasons?
No, I nobody watches MSNBC except you and me once in a great while.
Like in the morning for I'mus for a few chuckles.
And of course for our good friend, Bo Diedel.
1256 at 560 WQAM.
If you're thinking to buy in a new car or truck, don't buy a beetle.
If you want to save really big and invite you to save a hell of a lot of cash at Armstrong's
Toyota of Homestead.
You'll fund him on US 1 just 20 easy minutes out of the 836.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth the drive no matter where you are because you're
going to save yourself thousands and thousands of great new unbeatable Toyota's.
Check out these great prices waiting for you right now.
And O4 Corolla loaded, including air that you own for just 12, 990.
And O4 Camry with Air Automatic and lots, lots more just 16, 990.
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America from just 14, 990?
And when you buy a new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead, you get free sun pass.
This was the first eater on all of South Florida to offer your free tires and batteries for
life.
General manager David Rich, the entire staff will do everything in under the sun to put
you in a great new Toyota day and make you an unbeatable deal.
So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference.
They're locally owned and operated.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
Even their service department is open late week nights to late to make sure that your service
work is done and done right.
Like I said, convening the location for you, US 1 and 2.93th Street in Homestead, just
20 easy minutes out of the 836.
If you're tired of those mega dealers who always over promise and under deliver, then the
thing to do is called David Rich.
Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM, column 3.05242 3247.
305 242 3247 for Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little and save a crap load.
I'm sorry.
I'm at great new Toyota.
Live live and local.
We're sports radio five 60s.
You ain't got to do a M.
This is Jimmy Feibiker.
You need to know I'm Jimmy.
I still listen to the one to two hour.
You price a lord.
On the stake of blade, this is television that it's best.
Diana, looks like you're going to be going to jail for DUI.
What are the cops say to you when he stopped you?
Your blood alcohol was pretty high.
How did you feel the day after?
I got the sweetest pain all over.
You're probably going to have a cellmate that thinks you're kind of cute.
What do you think's going to happen?
Diana, be strong.
You can do it.
It's a key to me, hey.
What are you going to say the moment you get out of jail?
I want the luck to know.
This has been a presentation of ABC News.
101 and 560.
It's our big one to two hour.
Mad Dog at two, Hopper at four, Hurricane Island at seven.
The big O.
At the NFL Combine, whatever the hell it is.
Don't tell me again, Josh.
I don't want to know.
8 to 10 tonight.
And then 8K at 10, Joe and Mark overnight, 2 to 5 and a morning.
Don't forget, Joe and Mark tonight, 10, 30 to 12, 30.
If the sand bar grill in a grove, stop out of wind tickets and t-shirts.
Our usual very low budget crappy QM prizes.
And enjoy $3,000, back in back lights tonight, 10, 30 with Joe and Mark at the sand bar in a grove.
They'll be in the best imitation of Diana Ross.
743 votes on a pool not too bad.
What's your take on a religious right?
There's nothing about hate mongering morons, 237.
The whole religion thing is a big racket, 213.
I don't mind if they just leave me alone, 94.
In other words, let them do what they want.
But leave me alone, would you please?
No.
They're full of Shiite, 66.
They gave their brains away to fakers, 48.
I'm one of them.
Praise God, 44, 5.9%.
And they're the biggest perverts of all, 41.
How dare you say that?
Everything you need to know about religion says,
Joe, the factur is this, basic message, please be tolerant of religion.
My religion, not yours.
Sounds like that Boka Bryant fit.
Or else, or else, or else, or else, well,
well, you'll meet your maker at Mount of Son of Shuchu with a bullet of love.
56705.
So you speak of the Antichrist.
They got that great article about Walmart.
But it's going too long.
It's on our website.
Walmart nation, the race to the bottom.
Los Angeles is not my kind of town, but the Angelenos are about to take a stand that ought to be applauded across the country since Floyd McKay.
That stand is to say no to Walmart Supercenter that retailing giant hopes to open in the city.
These superstars are not your father's Walmart.
They're monstrous sprawling over some 25 acres and employing up to 600 workers.
Their lure, of course, is lower prices.
Walmart, it seems to me, he says, it minimizes the race to the bottom that has the US by the throat as the 21st century opens.
Why do people shop at these behemoths when they know full well that they're driving out of existence?
Small businesses owned and operated by their neighbors, employing other neighbors?
They shop because of price and they're forced to do so by the declining standard of living we've offered working people for more than a generation.
People who work for minimum wage would little or no benefits who can't afford to fix their car or their kids' teeth have no choice but to search out the lowest prices.
Walmart buys offshore without apology and for the cheapest possible prices from companies paying the lowest possible wages.
As jobs in America are lost to foreign sweatshops, the Feed the Walmart engine, American workers are forced to accept jobs in lower pay with bad working conditions.
They're funneled to Walmart's promise of cheap goods and affect patronizing the very companies that cause their economic misery.
This is a cruel travesty on working people in these countries.
All of their practice is alleged abuses of labor laws, hiring illegals and the low rate of pay and benefits at Walmart served to depress the labor market in communities in which the giant is located.
This is a major factor in LA's opposition to the Super Center.
They're going to have the balls to say to Walmart. You can be the whole thing on our website, please.
Just say no to Walmart.
And what was I saying this the other day pretty soon?
In a matter just a few years, they're going to be like five, six companies own everything, all the retail outlets, all the restaurants, all the newspapers, all the radio stations, all the TV stations.
You name it, it'll be them and either do business with them or work for them or buff on Google, baby. That's it. That's your choice.
WQAM, hello.
Male.
Yes, sir.
I played golf for the good friend of yours and a great guy. I had no idea this guy was a thief because you made him out to be a monster.
Then listen.
You know who he is?
No, I don't.
I'm a mom. I'm a mom. I'm a mom.
Yeah, I made about to be a monster.
His initials are JT. It's not James Taylor.
JT?
I played golf for them today. I'm being honest with you. He was a really nice guy.
I have no idea who to. Why don't you give me a name?
How about Jack? Something.
How about dumping it?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on a GAT and T in Verizon Wireless Live. Is that sad or what?
I'm beside myself.
Yeah, me too.
Anyway, the beat goes on. WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
Is it a Scream single? I like a rest.
Hey, listen. Single or not, man. You can have all you want.
Reckos.
Plenty there for everybody.
No, she's a double.
Double wide.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on a GAT and T in Verizon Wireless Live.
WQAM, hello.
That you has killed Jesus. You're bastards.
You're bastard. That was Mel Gibson's daddy.
Have a nice life, Danny. Okay. Give yourself some help before it's too late.
I think it's too late anyway.
That's anybody's 80 or what?
89 or something?
He's 122.
WQAM, hello.
He's just misunderstood. Hello.
WQAM listening with me in a car with a radio wheel out.
You're squeezing it. No time to wait, man.
They're didlin' it. WQAM, hello.
Hi. Can we have?
Yes it is.
Oh, hi, Neil. I don't know if you've written a paper.
There was a company that got a contract to supply canteens and all these things like that.
They lobed all to everyone else. It was an American company owned partly by this Chalabi guy.
All of these things.
Right. They are the criminal from Syria that we put in charge during Iraq.
Right. Right. Right. Right.
And the company has never been in existence before.
And I was reading that all this Spanish and the Polish companies that I've been doing it didn't get it now.
They're all pissed off.
And to me, it's unbelievable that the corruption now is extending even to the people that they've hand picked.
It's just unbelievable.
What about Hamid Karzai in Afghanistan? He was on the Aborda Chevron.
I didn't know that. Unbelievable.
Well, birds of feather, man. I mean, these people don't whine up in these positions just by accident.
Yeah. Yeah. Unbelievable. We'll keep it up, Neil.
Thank you.
I'll see you at the border, man. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
Of course, we got our own problems here. Paul Martin, the new pure prime minister.
There's $165 million there in graph that went to advertising agencies.
There were buddies of the Kretchen government and Paul Martin was the secretary of finance before we became prime minister.
And he says he don't know nothing about it.
And nobody knows nothing about it. And John Kretchen, he just keeps saying.
Bush is a moron.
That's why I like John Kretchen. He had balls. He had balls to say no on Iraq.
He had balls to say that Bush was a moron. So there's a little graph going 165 million.
My God. They pee that away in Washington like about two minutes.
And just a few seconds.
5 6 7 0 5 60. We're going to get 45,000 calls on you.
You'll see, you know, we have almost 8,000 votes on the contest.
I didn't know that on a hot couples contest.
Last time I checked at the top of the hour was 7,754, which means by the time we finished tomorrow at the 155.
There could be like 10,000 votes for the hottest couple.
So govern yourselves accordingly. That's all I can tell you.
Hop on it. WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
QAM.
7,000.
1.
2.
2.
2.
2.
2.
2.
2.
3.
3.
4.
4.
4.
6.
4.
1.
4.
5.
4.
5.
4.
5.
6.
4.
5.
5.
5.
5.
Yeah, I realize that.
And I wasn't too sure.
Anyhow, are you coming to the Toronto game?
The Toronto hockey game?
Yeah, yeah.
You got to the Panthers?
No chance, I won't be there.
Are you still in Canada?
Yes, sir.
Oh, how was that?
I'm coming to the Toronto Florida Panther game March
to the ninth, I believe it is here.
On March 9th.
OK.
Can I sure hope Trevor can't play the net game, man?
You can have Trevor kid back by the way for the Panthers
for not your free.
I heard that.
Just take a salary you can have.
He couldn't stop a bowling ball.
I heard that.
I heard that at all.
Oh, that's the shame.
Have you been to Vegas at all?
I'm not going back.
They got all my money.
In fact, they're going to build a whole new casino
now just for the money I left.
Have a great day, Palli.
Fine, I'm going to the convenience store
left of the show.
567.0560, 0560, on a AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
You've been to Vegas lately, George?
Not lately, though.
Why not?
What about you, Josh?
Soon.
Are you going?
Yeah, ma'am.
You may go or you're going in May.
I'm going in May.
And where are you going to stay?
Do you have your reservations already?
New York, New York.
Well, that's not bad right across from the really good place,
the NGL brand.
Yeah, you can visit.
New York, New York, New York.
It's a little too many New Yorkers in there.
No, it's not really.
It's just fine.
It's a little on a cheesy side.
It's all right.
It's fair.
Cheesy.
I don't believe you.
Huh?
Well, you know what I mean.
I say cheesy.
Cheesy.
I don't know.
You'll see what I mean.
It's not as cheesy as the Luxor.
And what's the other one on a corner I can ever think the Excel
did not the ex caliber.
Yeah, that's all right.
It's caliber.
That's really cheesy.
That's a pretty real palace.
Can I give you a, would you stop?
We finally put that guy to sleep already out there with his
Nazi mobiles and you're starting up with them again.
Has nothing to do with the cars.
Good.
At any rate, ex caliber don't go in there.
Number one, and it's right across the street as you know
from New York, New York.
And number two, the food and they're just horrible.
Pretty hard to find bad food in Vegas, you know, even
in the casino is but ex caliber.
Even the glamority there, five six seven, oh five 60 pound five
60 audience, TNT and Verizon wireless line WQA and hello.
Yes, I tuned in late to Neil.
I don't know whether or not he saw an article in the New York
times about new law in Paris where you can carry your dead
fiance.
I talked about that the other day two days ago.
OK, Smith that one.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Five.
Remember that your dead fiance.
She married her dead fiance.
Oh, fiance.
Oh, yeah.
Now he's having a little difficulty, you know,
consummating the marriage but nevertheless she'll work it out.
I goes on all the time down here.
Five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
Be sure and tell Neil about that.
I think you weigh him.
Hello, hey, Neil.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Good.
I just want to change the subject.
I know that's a lot on the ship.
Have you ever seen the movie Strange Pro?
Oh, no, I played the song a lot on the year but I never saw the movie.
No, it was like a 80s movie with.
Yeah, and it was a song by who the hell did that scream?
The art birds, right?
No, no.
Cream.
Cream.
Cream.
Cream, C-R-E-A-M, cream.
Lock him.
Lock him.
But we still say that.
Oh, we can't say cream no more.
Oh, yeah.
Ha, ha, ha.
Five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60.
I think he's been of that strange rule is what he's been.
In fact, maybe he got the device that the other guy was looking for.
I don't want to say BONG.
That would be better.
Water pipe.
There you go.
Yeah, that's so much more antiseptic.
In fact, aren't you surprised that a guy like for real, you know, who's always dropping
wild thought?
I'll take your children.
I'll sell them to some Haitians.
Oh, by the way, in case you're watching it, the Haitians are still revolving.
Case you're keeping their tabs on it.
One 13 at five 60 WQM, the mad dog will be along at two o'clock to regalia with all sorts
of stuff about sports.
Just love those sports.
Speaking of sports, if you're looking for something exciting to do, something breathtaking
that can get you to jump up and yell and cheer or bitch about as the case may be, come
on out to Pompadopark Racing and Poker.
Do not bet on Wallahennas' please.
Cheer for your horse from the rail or enjoy a fine dining at the top of the park restaurant
as you watch the only nighttime horse racing in Florida, playing poker as your game and
match your skills at Pompadopark's fabulous card room with those other eight Ks.
Librating and Poker takes place five days a week, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
and Saturday, like tonight for his post-time will be 705 for Librating and the poker room
is open right now, noon to midnight every Librating Day.
Coming up tomorrow, Friday will be the second round of the 125,000 dollar Maclubel Friday
series and Saturday is the second round of the 250,000 dollar Ila Capri Pacing series
plus there'll be as usual free prize drawings on Saturday too.
Even if you don't know the difference between Bob Bo-Mar and Buddy Bo-Mar, I guarantee you'll
still have a great time and even Marty Perrano, you'll still have a great time at Pompadopark.
Easy to get there, just to have a mile from both I-95 and the turnpike.
Pompadopark is a piece of cake to get to and they feature free admission, free general
parking each and every day.
If you want to race in schedule, go online at Pompadopark.com or call for more information
at 954-972-2000 or forget first post-time tonight at Pompadopark-705 in the PM.
My name is Lo-Paul, this is your 205 city.
Way to way.
Absolutely.
I'm crying.
I'm crying.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Thanks.
How are you?
You know, kids say-
And, uh, these shoulders should be rest, you know, you're nearly at the top.
Come on!
Everybody's So long ist
Well, they're supposed to be some words here, but I forgot them because I spoke too much
to the
All right, 18 at 560 WQM happy turds day to you. This is the greatest facts I've had in a long time this hour anyway.
The Passion of Christ, a weapon of mass indoctrination. See, isn't that beautiful?
Thank you very much whoever sent that. That's a beautiful thing, a weapon of mass indoctrination. Well said.
Well, speaking of that, I didn't get a chance for this one yesterday, but here it is today.
From the New York Daily News, a Queen's priest who's list of alleged crimes includes
crank calling her Catholic high school and packing a pistol.
We have confessed yesterday to another sin, stealing from a long Ireland church.
The Reverend John Johnson, 64, pleaded guilty to one kind of grand larceny, a felony punishable by a pro-year in jail.
And that saw a assistant district attorney Steve Stephanie Meister said,
John said admitted stealing 50 grand from St. Martin of Tour Church in Bethpage from 1998 to 2003.
50 Gs.
Gs. Johnston had worked part time at a church for at the church for 25 years actually was suspected as taking as much as 100 grand from its weekly collection plates, stealing 60 to 100 bucks after each Sunday mass.
Well, he probably had some odds and ends the pick here, you know.
And when cops searched his bottoms, when cops searched his Jackson Heights Queens apartment last fall, Johnston led him to a backstuff for more than 80 years.
He grand, some of the money still sealed in green envelopes, bearing parishioners names, oh my God, audio suckers out there.
He panted over these grave robbers, all your cash, all your hard earned money.
It's like blackmail, if you want to go to heaven, then hand it over like you're being held up at gunpoint.
But Meister said, what was his name again? Meister or her name? Stephanie Meister. The Stephanie Meister.
Meister said that after reviewing the priest's bank accounts, prosecutors came up with a $50,000 figure because it was the amount we could prove.
It's unlikely Johnston will serve any jail time when since April 16 by National County Judge Donald Delphi is attorney Joe Stella said this time was offered probation by prosecutors because he's agreed to pay church back to 50 grand.
They will be made more than a whole still said.
Ha ha ha ha ha! Oh man! They'll be made more than a whole.
I was told that with a W or an H. Stella said he couldn't comment on why the priest took the money or what he did with it until the charges he faces in Brooklyn and Queens are resolved.
He has no habits, no problems, the guy was without vices other than this, no gambling, no women he's running with, no little boys, no nothing, he just likes stealing money.
And at all, listen to this, Johnston's stuff was exposed when cops went to his Queens of Parvada October 7 to arrest him for allegedly making profanity lace calls to the principal of Bishop Glockland High School in Brooklyn.
He has no other problems. In addition to the cash police also found gay porn and on license gun in the stash of Nazi memorabilia a virtual shrine to the third right in his closet included German flags helmets, daggers swastikers and pictures of Adolf Hitler.
He has no problems, he has no issues. What a pit.
Johnston was a respected English and religion teacher for 23 years at Oratory Prep School in Summit New Jersey where he was finally referred to as father JJ.
A source that Johnston referred to as stealing from Long Island Churches is 401k plan.
Wow. The motive behind the vulgar messages left for brother Dennis Cronin at Bishop Lockham was less clear but prosecutor said he brought a grudge against the deal of South Christian brothers who run a Brooklyn High School.
Some investigators speculated that Johnston was angry with the former principal of the Brooklyn School who became the headmaster at Oratory Prep and whom he blamed for forcing him to retire.
Well, there you go. So make some crank calls and by the way enjoy your gay porn and your swastikers.
Very good. No issues. He's going to pay it back, make them whole.
I say we'd like to go home and the ground and stick his ass in his bottom in there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless. We do take calls by the way on the near Roger show on QAM.
As long as they're not about sports WQAM. Hello.
Yes, we don't discuss them. I'll get married.
I just want to question across my mind. And what was that my Julio friend?
Did you get in the bottom Valentine? What's going to be a very short call? Same old stuff, you know?
Recko bottom by the way to use it. Recko bottom not but not that either bottom.
How do you say bottom in this panel? Fondle. Fondle bottom? Don't be saying fondle to your bottom. That's even worse.
Of course you could say the antiseptic word for it. And what is that? Cool.
Oh no. Oh I'm leaving. Best to make cool. No. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Recko on the AT&T and Verizon wireless.
It smells like Lallax. WQAM. Hello. I got a little rox. Yes sir.
Hey it's fun. You're talking about violence and nudity and stuff. What was going on last week.
But my I'm going to give friend of ours. There are these Mason people and they're good.
How do they shake hands? They give you the secret hand shake and you can come in. He's never showed it and I never asked.
It was a no at the hand. But their kids aren't allowed to watch the Simpson.
Oh no. They're Jesus Creek too. So you know they're not allowed to watch Simpson. They're going to watch all those violence on TV, which drives me and my wife not.
I want to go to about the I think I know the guy we're talking about. He's the first company of men.
So we go to the movies and when they're like a love scene comes up, they got to make their kids close their eyes and put their heads down.
Oh absolutely. It's crazy. Oh another thing if I may add anything.
Yes sir. When George W. was talking about two weeks ago about when he was on me depressed.
And I mean did that just die down or was the media just trying to distract us with Ruby gate and try not to even talk about what a bad job he did there.
Oh and don't forget about Kerry gate too. Kerry intern gate.
Yeah. I've heard the part of report. How many minutes say I've got 30 men?
Yeah. Anything to distract the public and distract the public.
You've got on way and long floor the dog. You've got it. The first of these the business people in their in the media.
Amen. I'll see I'll see in Sarni Ontario man. I'll say yeah. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and 10 Verizon wireless line.
I'll see a flamboyant down over by Hamilton a WQM. Hello. Hey I'm ready. Pretty good.
Yes quick. Copy off. Hey I have in front of me one of those wonderful arbitrarian diaries.
Oh right. Here's the guy that we love dearly man. And guess what the only question they really need to ask me was before we disconnected on our phone call.
Right. What my descent was. Did I have any Hispanic descent in my family?
Oh but wait. So in other words they did the follow up with the phone call. Right. Oh they actually fought twice.
Good. Oh thank goodness for us because you know the fall book was all screwed up because they weren't following up with the diaries with phone calls.
So as a result the ethnic minority people who get five bucks instead of what do you get two bucks.
Exactly. Yeah. So they were saying all the day. Right.
I just get to my neighbor got twice as much as we did. His last name is for us. I was cracking up. I said I think that's the way to buy your way in.
Tell me your name is Rodriguez man. 50 bucks. Neil one thing. Yes sir. I miss Nick Tahoe.
I don't know about you but I still miss Nick Tahoe.
Well what can I tell you. Victor Anderson for Lauderdale. Take care.
I'll see you down in bars man. Thank you. Bye bye.
Okay we love that guy a lot don't we? A lot. We need everybody's help all we can. Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Should I just check that contesting one real quick time? No I don't want to.
I'm not going to check the individual votes because that thing is just too complicated.
But at the bottom 7 820.
Heavy duty. So wouldn't surprise me we got 8000 by the time we leave today to a clock and certainly by the time I sit my fat ass down here tomorrow there'll be over 10000 votes.
And by the end of the show since they're going to be so frantic God only knows.
What kind of a wild crap is going to be on there right?
Speaking of wild crap on our website don't miss the lovely what's in a Sharon stone.
Right very tasteful and Michael Powell and then of course right under Sharon stone is Michael Powell.
Very tasteless not quite so very tasteless and even more tasteless than either one of them underneath Michael's big pals is misfudge.
And she's looking for it she's looking for the latest stain.
Looks like she's kind of sniffing at it too.
5 9 and you'll call 6 6 4 20 5 60.
8 and 5 6 6 4 WQ 8 and 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go
to the bathroom again. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I am going to go to the bathroom. Don't do it again. Don't do it again.
okay because it's a sports show and once in a while you can say those on the sports
shows right?
Absolutely.
It's okay, it's a different category.
It's for real men, not for children, not for overgrown children.
800 8 votes, what's your take on the religious right?
There's nothing but hate mongering morons, 257.
The whole religion thing is a big racket, 229.
I don't mind if they leave me alone, 106.
In other words, believe whatever you want, but just leave us alone, but yeah.
They're full of Shiite, 75.
They gave their brains away to fakers, 52.
I'm one of them, praise God, 45, 5.5% religious right.
And they're the biggest perverts of all, 44.
That's true about that priest in New York, that was a beautiful thing.
He's a huge fan of other issues.
WQM, hello.
And I was talking to you too.
WQM, hola.
All right.
Yes sir.
Perverts of all.
Yeah, I talked to you.
Speaking.
Hey Neil, I just had a question for you.
I'm on a fan and I agree with a lot of your views, right?
You're political and religious and I.
You're a fan?
No, I'm not a fan, not a fact.
Oh, a foul, okay.
And my question is, why didn't you see you and Wami used to wear you little Jewish hats
a little yamma go?
Yeah, that was a joke.
Oh, it was a joke.
Wami, get it, sucks.
Yeah.
Oh, okay, okay.
Hey, hey, hey.
Well, the whole share is a joke.
In fact, Wami was a joke.
Oh, that was all a joke.
Okay.
I know I never saw it.
Every time I saw you, Wami was boring.
I don't know why.
But when I hear you in the raid, it's very interesting.
Because you were ready to put the show together, it blew it was horrendous.
Yeah.
And, hey, do you like like Howard Stern?
I mean, no.
No, all right.
I mean, he does the same crap, you know.
No chance.
He doesn't do anything.
He does dikes and boobs, man.
That's his show.
Dikes and boobs.
So, I mean, if you like Howard Stern more power to you.
But, you wait till the hair start here and your show start next week, man.
Now that the infinities have a nervous breakdown, he's going to be saying hello and goodbye.
And that's about basically it.
Have a great day, Pally.
All right, buddy.
See you.
I mean, I hope for his sake, because I don't support any kind of censorship.
Okay, say whatever you want.
If you don't like it, turn it off.
If you want to monitor your kids, if you're afraid they're going to hear something bad,
then don't let them listen to it.
No, no, no.
Kid hat.
I see.
Oh, that's right.
Parental responsibility went out the window.
It's nothing to get there.
Which, if you bring up your kids, these good religionists, what are they worried about?
They're always the ones that are screaming for censorship.
But if they're instilling all these good values in their children, what are they worried
about?
It ain't the kids.
That's just a smoke screen.
Of course.
What it comes down to is censorship.
That's what it's all about.
Censor, repress, repress, censors, suppress.
Keep everybody go stepping along in the line.
Okay.
You'll see.
Oh, and Mrs. Bush, speaking of that, by the way, says gay marriage is shocking for some.
Oh, my God.
Shocking.
Poor Laura Bush.
She shot.
Santa Monica, California.
Laura Bush says gay marriages are a very, very shocking issue for some people.
A subject that should be debated by Americans rather than settled by Massachusetts court
or the mayor of San Francisco.
As to how she feels about the issue personally, Mrs. Bush replies, let's just leave it at
that.
Let's leave it to the people, not the courts.
You know, like whether blacks could vote or whether women could vote, don't, I mean,
don't let that be decided by the courts.
Right.
Or by the Constitution.
Let's leave it up to the people in an AP interview, Mrs. Bush also endured sexual
abstinence programs for teens, which are slated to get doubled occurred funding of the
president's latest budget proposal.
Sexual abstinence.
It's kind of like Nancy Reagan just say like that.
Abstinence should be extensively discussed alongside contraception.
She said, we know it works.
It's 100% failsafe.
Oh, she shouldn't have said that alongside contraception.
The pope's going to be parked off.
Wow.
She said, most teenagers already we see a lot of information about contraception options
from the media.
I think it ought to be everything.
But I also think abstinence should be definitely talked about is what she said.
Boy, she boring or what?
Man.
She always makes me pine for Hillary.
And that's really a stretch, you know what?
Yeah.
She's almost enough to make Bubba pine for Hillary, which is really saying something 5, 6,
7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles line.
Just remember one thing kids, religion equals hate.
OK, that's it.
That's all you need to know.
And of course tax exempt cash, but that's to keep it going.
WDQA, I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just got off the phone with my brother.
My conservative brother long pissed off and fired up.
So excuse me if I'm sound upset here.
OK, come down.
I'll take two.
I wonder if you heard any news.
I started listening to you late today about the guy writing the book about George Bush paying
for the abortion.
Larry Flint.
Larry Flint, it's going to be out this summer.
We talked about that on this show just before the election in 2000.
And evidently, the Bush-myster and his people got to the woman and she either disappeared
for a while or she shut up or, and Larry Flint couldn't get her to come for her.
But now I have it only.
She's willing to spill the beans.
And even the doctor who performed the abortion is supposed to be going to talk in the book.
Oh my God, that's great.
We got to get him out of there.
That's for sure.
I appreciate you, Neil.
Early enough, man.
See ya.
Don't forget.
We've got to get vote many times.
The third man.
Florida especially because the first 15 don't count.
Especially when it was diabolical voting machines that are already a pre-programmed.
Like that probably wouldn't sound good in our digital stereo, our HDTV stereo, whatever
we got called.
By the way, anybody got one of those radios?
No.
Our engineering department is pretty proud of that.
Almost as proud as our 24-7 and almost as proud as the audio vault which crashes every
day so we can really get the spots on here.
W.
Q.
A.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Two quick things, Neil.
Well, I don't like Bush, but I don't like the president.
Right.
I was calling about the station there during the Super Bowl where hypocrites stay out to condemn
Janet Jackson and the commercials with us fighting in the girl's face.
But that was what I write.
It's over here out of there.
A box sniffing the crotch.
A reptile pills for taking these pills and you'll be smiling.
Oh, see Alice, right.
And it just cracked me up.
I mean, you know, they condemned, oh, this was inappropriate, but all those commercials
were final, right?
There you go.
That's America for you, man.
Yeah.
Go Patriots.
Yes.
That's where I'm from.
How do you know?
No, kid.
I just kissed it.
Have a great day, Palli.
Thank you.
I'll see you at the hall.
I'll see you at the cookie market.
Bye-bye.
OK, Neil.
21-2.
How did I know he was from Boston, huh?
There we just again.
Well, the Bostonians have a very distinctive accent and they're a lot of good Bostonians,
most of whom stayed up there.
He's a good one, though.
We like him.
But most people like New England, and they just stay there because it's a nice friendly
place, except of course the Catholic Church.
But that's another story for another day or maybe it's a good story for today.
Don't forget to Mel Gibson when we start the next Wednesday on Ask Wednesday.
Or are we taking that day off?
We ought to.
They did a holiday.
And aren't you lucky, man?
Since I got that vacation coming up in the early near future, they're going to be
foaming at them off about the passion of Jesus.
And since you're that heathen, militant little, expect that always is screaming at
the elder about that.
It's going to be great.
You're talking about it.
I'm going to play Jesus' songs and read from the Bible.
Excellent.
Oh, good.
I love it already.
Twenty till two at five sixty-c.
And the mad dog at two.
Five and the local.
These sixty-five sixty-c.
The radio's on your side.
Q and M.
I got your breath.
They're beautiful.
I'm so popular.
Like nothing you'd seen before.
Excuse me.
A steam father.
What is it, my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it, my daughter?
Oh, father, I'm afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Nonsense.
I am your father.
I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promised you would still love me?
Of course, my sweet child.
A father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed.
Very well.
I am.
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you're pregnant and not married.
Yes, father?
I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends
and neighbors, stone you today.
Oh, my daughter, if you've written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again, father?
I should only be grounded.
And no, grounding is not what.
It was that you stoned.
It's the first step.
The focus is on a fundamentalist, Middle Eastern family.
May I speak with you, my esteemed husband?
What is it, my wife?
I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, why is he?
Are you going?
After the backyard of the collection stone.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stone today.
You'll be an Esmeralda.
And you've followed the lives of the pregnant family.
And how they deal with the many problems that plague them.
May I speak with you, my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
My father.
Last night, I used a little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that, father?
You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You want one of those.
The guiding she is.
The guiding she is shot on location in fact, that era.
145 or 560 WQM.
Speaking of that movie and that that we just played.
We saw this piece on the scene in this morning where you watch them when they show the nails.
Yes.
Replicers of the nails used to hang Jesus on the cross have become the red hot official merchandise linked to Mel Gibson's controversial new movie.
The Passion of the Christ.
Jesus Christ.
All due Jesus Christ is out there.
Pendants made from the pewter two and a half inch nails selling for $16.99 all but flew out of the Christian publication bookstore on West 4033.
The New Yorkers soon as they were put on display.
Hundreds of stores across the country will be selling license items tied to the movie a graphically violent depiction of the last 12 hours of Christ's life which opens next Wednesday on Ask Wednesday.
The souvenirs include a book, pins, keychains, coffee mugs and t-shirts.
Well, we wouldn't want to exploit the crucifixion of Christ for a fun and proper would we?
I got my Jesus Slurpy mug.
But the most unusual collectibles are the nails each of which hangs on a leather cord.
It's side-bear the inscription Isaiah 53.5 referring to a Bible verse that begins he was pierced for our transgressions.
I think they were talking about Billy Pierce used to pitch for the white socks.
The family Christian store in Newark Delaware received a large ship and a merchandise to sell to preview screening the film on Monday.
The response so far has been overwhelming.
They want to buy this product as stores manager Tina Weldon said of the nail pendants.
It's very symbolic for a lot of people.
So forget about those crosses man.
If you think the cross has some effect on Dracula, just wait until you hold up that nail.
Right.
Wow.
And if that doesn't work, you can always poke them in the eye with it.
Exactly.
Or maybe Professor von Helsing could use it.
A California company is manufacturing pendants and other merchandise under licensing agreement with Gibson.
Neither Gibson or the manufacturer return calls yesterday.
In fact, wouldn't it be a lot neater to drive those nails through the heart of Dracula instead of that gigantic spike?
The crosses become such a benign jewelry item.
The shock of its original form is lost to modern people.
Said Charles Hauser, publication manager at American Bible Societies,
not an instant for a biblical scholarship over the Helladys.
Choosing the detail of the spike would be to reinvigorate the image.
They're really trying to capture that.
That this was that day's form of execution.
Oh, maybe they can get some rocks from the guiding Shiite.
But the Reverend Forest Church of All Souls Unitarian Church on the Upper East Side, New York called the pendants Macab.
I expected prominence of the nail, reflects the prominence of the gourd in the movie itself.
He said that becomes the icon for identification.
Well said, man.
Now, that's story about the scientists decrying the White House.
Remember the guy talking about reports on our website, but it's short.
Right.
Scientists accused White House of distorting facts.
The Bush administration has deliberately and systematically distorted scientific facts
in it the service of policy goals on the environment, health, biomedical research,
and nuclear weaponry at home in abroad.
A group of about 60 influential scientists, including 20 Nobel laureates, said in a statement issued yesterday.
The sweeping changes were later discussed in a conference call with some of the scientists that was organized by the Union of Concerned Scientists,
an independent organization that focuses on technical issues and is often taken stands at odds with the administration policy.
The organization also issued a 37-page report yesterday that it said, detail the accusations.
Together, the two documents accused the administration repeatedly censoring and suppressing reports by its own scientists,
stacking advisory committees with unqualified political appointees, disbanding government panels that provide unwanted advice,
and refusing to seek any independent scientific expertise in some cases.
Other administrations have on occasion engaged in such practices, but not so systematically,
you know, on so wide a front to statement from the scientists, said, adding they believe the administration had misrepresented scientific knowledge
and misled the public about the implication of its policies.
A White House spokesman Scott McClellan said that yesterday he had not seen the text of their accusations,
but he said, I can assure you this is an administration that makes decisions based on the best available science.
Dr. Kurt Godfried, an emeritus professor of physics at Cornell, who signed the statement and spoke in the conference call,
said the administration engaged in practices that were in conflict with the spirit of science and scientific method.
Dr. Godfried asserted that what he called the Canvator Attitude Toward Science could place at risk the basis for the nation's long-term process,
prosperity, health, and military prowess.
The scientists denied that had any political motives and releasing documents as the 2004 presidential race began to take shape,
the organization's report, Dr. Godfried, said it had taken a year to prepare much longer than originally planned to be released as soon as it was ready.
I don't see this a partisan issue at all, said Russell Train, who served as administrator of the environment protect the EPA under presents Nixon and Gerald Ford,
and has spoken the conference call in support of the statement.
If it becomes that way, I think it's because the White House chooses to make it a partisan issue Mr. Train said,
again, who served under Nixon and Ford in the EPA.
So that was short, and thanks for reminding me about that, since it's worth mentioning, but it's typical, at least if they're not good, they're at least consistent, right?
Right. I forgot to mention the other day, two days a matter,
fact's already in the end of the show on Thursday about Rush.
What about that?
What about that, I'm sure, right?
So what?
Rush's attorneys Rush Limbock used the law enforcement officers of breaking the law when they seized the conservative radio commentators medical records,
searching for evidence he illegally bought prescription painkillers.
Join by attorneys from the ACLU Limbock's lawyers argued in court documents filed on Tuesday, or is that Tuesday?
Does Bruce William still on the air keep asking that you don't know?
I don't know, like I would listen to him.
Uh, argued in court documents filed Tuesday.
That authorities,
who first notified Limbock,
and given him a chance,
the challenge the seizure,
rather than using search warrants to remove the records from his doctor's orifice.
Limbock has attorneys and the ACLU argue that the seizure violated Limbock's right to privacy and the confidentiality of the relationship between patients and doctors.
The attorneys want the state forth district court of appeal to rule that the record should remain sealed, okay?
And so should his lips remain sealed when he was popping those thousands of oxys, man, all the other crap.
What meaning would the patient protections in the Constitution and the law have if prosecutors could disregard them any time they wanted to,
Limbock attorney, the unshissory blacks had in the statement.
Palm Beach prosecutors seized the records in November for their investigation into whether Limbock illegally went doctor shopping to obtain pain pills.
The crime refers to visiting several doctors to receive duplicate prescriptions of control of narcotics.
Limbock sought treatment for his admitted addiction October, has not been charged with the crime.
Yet.
That's not in the store, I just embossed a little bit.
Oh, yeah.
That's in charge of the crime.
Yeah.
I'll speak to criminals.
Halibutans suspends $140 million in a Mack-8 meal bills.
Okay.
U.S. Energy and Services Group Halibut and once run by Vice President Dick Cheney said it had suspended $140 million in disputed invoices for meal-served U.S. troops in a Mack-8.
It's important to understand this is not any sort of admission as a responsible government contractor.
It's the right thing to do.
So Halibutans subsidiary KBR President and Chief Executive Randy Harrell.
KBR is a good steward of the tax payer dollars you said.
Anybody believe in?
No.
Halibutans already agreed with the Pentagon's auditor the defense contract audit agency to suspend KBR subcontractor billings of $34.5 million.
That's Kellogg Brown and Root.
Let's get to the root of it.
Total suspended subcrime director billings to amount $174.5 million.
Halibutans also agreed with the Pentagon auditors to defer in voicing until the method for charging for meals had been agreed to and upon.
How do you like that?
The anniversary solar freight train.
152 a QAM.
The light is in the middle of the road.
We are supporting O5 C.C.
QAM.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
What?
Any questions?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is Rush Limbaugh, servant of humanity, talk show host, hemroid, sufferer.
Folks, at over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help.
With new Preparation Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppositories,
now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagotissue,
just look for my picture on the box of Suppositories and the applicator tube.
Another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcasting network.
Excellent.
Oh, guess what Boca Bryant said yesterday.
What?
3, 3, 2, 3.
It ain't Parliament lights, it's just a Parliament lights.
So that little kid is going to be singing the testifies against Michael Jackson.
If you wish.
I want to testify.
There is no one so plain to sing.
Oh right.
Let's see the best of one, huh?
You're the best both of us.
Boca Bryant, Rubberman is a ball spot, which covers a lot of territory.
Or maybe just on his back.
Let me see it again.
Professional sports.
I know that none of our sports nerds will ever touch this with a 10 foot hand.
But I'm going to say it again.
It's the only endeavor I can think of.
I mean, you know, guys give each other a high five.
Attorneys win a law case.
They're high five and they win a bet at the track.
They're high five and have you ever seen it?
Well, you don't go to the track.
But can you imagine?
For, like, for example, me and Fat Rich.
We go to the track.
We pick out a really good winner, 15 to one shot.
Comes in a stretch, wins, pays 35 bucks.
Got a big triple, whatever.
Cash in a big ticket.
Now maybe a little high five action, something like that.
Can you imagine patting each other on a big fat go?
Believe me.
In both our cases, you have a big target.
I can see you guys doing that.
Chou.
That jumping up in the air and banging the past together.
All right.
Right.
We're talking about feeling the earth melt on your feet.
Be the first earthquake in the history of Pompato Park.
But at any rate, but patting guys on the ass, that's a sports thing.
I've talked about that before.
And I'm talking about at the end of the show because I realized I would never bring it up again at the beginning of the show.
Because you know how much respost we've had about that over the years?
No.
None.
None.
Zero because people, yeah, it's too embarrassing to talk about.
Well, what is the reason for that?
You know, I'm surprised they don't do it here being the sports station and all.
Like, what?
Like, after you've ever seen clearance in the beach, do that.
Give each other a little pox and pox as at the end of a new game.
Like after a big, like, good book or something.
Greg Reed comes by and slots you on the ass to congratulate you.
Can't just see that way.
You're going to slap you when he asks.
And he knows about you.
Well, I hear he might slap some other people on the ass, but that's the story for another show.
Maybe that last show, you know.
Anyway, now, PR Ralph, what time is he?
Show on.
He's got a good sense of humor today.
He does.
This is funny.
He says this new sound equipment that you got.
What is it?
H.D.
H.D.
Whatever it is.
He says, by the way, how can you hear this new thing?
And what is it on A.M.?
Please explain in details.
Well, here's all I know about it.
Okay.
I never heard of it.
I don't know what it is.
We don't know anybody who's got one of those, etc.
Oh, look at this Todd West Palm Beach.
And today's Sunsend on 3E.
Lifestyle section.
You can clearly see a beautiful young woman's right nipple.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
That's the end of the Sunsend.
Don't let Michael Palafine out about it.
One of them oozing pals.
It's an article about the director Bernardo Verlucci's latest movie.
I'm not outraged by this.
And would like to see more says Todd.
PS, I think the bookkeeper here just quit the Catholic Church.
Just like the bookkeeper at Q.A.M.
But that's another story, like I said, for another day.
Right.
So don't forget this is the last 24 hours now.
24 hours less about four minutes to the deadline for our hot couples contest.
Get on there and vote and vote until you can't vote no more.
That's what I'm saying.
Just have a good time.
Mad Dog who always has a good time and believe you may, he learned well.
He's a good student of mine.
He is headed with that money straight to the bank.
He'll be up at two o'clock.
The Humper was right behind him online and watch your back, man.
The Humper, four to seven, he's got a big load.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm gonna run your show on Fising.
You'll get Q.A.M.
Might be for learning how.
You call that a penis?
It just feels like a prick.
