There is major major big news today!
F***!
F***!
We fired up when I hear someone say that.
F***!
F***!
F***!
The word for nation or society!
The word for nation, the word for life!
The word for nation, the word for life!
Man, that's the best of the best!
F***!
Right way nuts!
One, two, three, four,
Sack this from ourselves!
You've got to watch!
One, you say you better or else!
You'll best stand!
You'll best stand!
The words for nation, are monetary!
Every death is a day!
And finding me!
All I can say is that!
One, three, three!
Sack!
If you are a pilot, you can never do a technical French battalion.
If you do not confess to me, the superson,
we make her we will kill you in a way the name of Jesus.
You will literally say, not as we do.
The last time I won the fashion title!
The word for nation, are the words for life!
The word for nation, are my shoes!
The word for nation, the word for nation!
The word for nation!
The word for nation!
Ten oh two at five sixty WQ,
I was just reaching back on the Fax machine there.
Just printing something out.
That's a bad news folks!
Got some very, very bad news.
I don't want to be the beer of ill tidings over the hell that saying goes.
But I've been trying to tell you,
and you people, I mean some of you are getting it.
We appreciate tremendous response on that stop at cc.com.
Petition, keep it going.
Talk to Tom Jicolast night, he talked to a Scott who started the whole deal.
And there's going to be a story in Jicolast's column in the Sun Sentinel.
I believe on Saturday, he said,
which is good. Thanks a lot, Tommy.
You're okay.
These days.
But!
Maybe the news I have to pass along today,
maybe finally this will penetrate the skulls of some people out there who think that,
wow, it's all about Howard Stern, he's filthy.
Or it's all about the Bubba Loves Bond, he was filthy.
Or whatever.
It's about fascism, man.
Live and well in America.
It is scary.
Before we, let me just get all the other stuff out of the way first, okay?
Okay.
Because I want them to strap themselves in and listen very carefully.
And then when we take a look at the new pool today,
that'll give you an idea of where we're going.
Oh my god.
Speaking of taking a look, Drew Barrymore, that's a great picture.
I didn't see which one.
I mean, I said it off.
Wow.
Let me commend you on your magnificent taste in pictures.
Hey.
We can't describe it because that would involve certain parts of the anatomy.
But behind the B-Dude Curtain, which if you're over the age of 70,
you're old enough to be able to look at that.
And you must have ID.
You must hold your ID up to the monitor screens so that John Ascroft can personally eyeball it.
Okay.
Can we just...
He got it?
He can still say that.
So he can take a peek at it.
Yeah, we can say I.
We can't say ball, but we can say I.
I.
He can eye it.
Okay.
There are 1548 votes on yesterday's pool.
Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time?
And what I think was Jigs last time in the Ed West ball in Denise Pop van and Bill Tore.
Bapapapa.
There was a hell of a great gang going on.
50 saves by Bobby L'Awango.
But man, bapapapa.
A lot of stuff, if you're not an Islander fan, was pretty ponderous while it was a great gang going on anyway.
A gym managed 280.
Nobody comes close to the mad dog.
A rung this pool big time.
Howard Cossell 153.
I don't care about sports 144, 9.3%.
Harry Carey, 103, Rest in Peace.
L. Michaels 99.
John Madden 96.
Mel Allen 80.
Howard David, who got some early questionable votes, slid down the ladder.
Just as the Muscat was sliding down his forehead, Howard David at 58.
Keith Jackson 54.
Kurt Gaudi 49.
Rick Weaver 37.
Marv Albert 33.
Bob Prince and Vince Scully each head.
Bob Third man.
Booth Shamby 26.
We love the Booster.
Red Barber 23.
Pat Summer All 21.
Joe Angel 20.
Jack Buck 19.
Fred Q617.
Hank Olmer 16.
Dulls in for 15.
Ernie Harwell 15.
Sonny Hersh 14.
Joseph Gacky 13.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Dan Kelly 10.
Foster Hewitt 9.
Ray Scott 9.
Joe Bowen 8.
Bob Eufer 8.
Not Euker, but Eufer.
Euven.
You first.
Dick Fighton.
Jack Thompson 8.
Dizzy Dean 7.
Who's slut in the third.
Jiz McDonald 7.
Chick Hernd 7.
Jackie Stewart 7.
Oh, there's blood and guts.
Mike Langley 4.
Which I know where all those penguins people are.
What's that all about?
Jeff Rimmer 3.
So Rimmer voted twice in Pharrell once.
Joe Buck 3.
George Cal 3.
And Bill, he would only had two.
Because everybody thinks he's fostered.
He would put them both dead.
Anyway, that's yesterday's poll on sports casters.
Almost 1600 votes.
Thank you.
Now.
Let's see.
Another deadly car bombing.
Today, I want to correct the on our website.
And Eric, don't bother changing the story.
Because there's all these different stories.
The story that we had said 29 dead in the hotel bombing in Baghdad yesterday.
Then they changed it to 17.
Now the Iraqi police are saying only six.
So I guess, you know, they're trying to max the body parts and all that stuff.
This is another story.
After a deadly car bomb leveled the hotel in Baghdad.
Another car bomb went up near a hotel in the Southeast City of Bazaar,
killing at least four people today.
They tell CNN that an old Mercedes exploded alongside the Barack Hotel in Central Bazaar.
At least four bystanders were killed.
Also, and this is now it's becoming an afterthought when the US soldiers die.
It's an afterthought.
It doesn't even make the blurb on the bottom there in CNN.
Maybe once every 20 hours.
Military sources today said two US service members died and separate mortar attacks that also wounded ten of their colleagues.
And that's pretty much it.
Two more dead Americans.
Ten of them didn't.
Of course, we don't know whether there was anything about the injuries, but they're not telling us that either.
So that takes care of that.
Also speaking dead people.
And then we'll get to the meat on the platter.
Somebody died.
She died.
There you go. That's a clue. It's a she.
She was a Mercedes-Mercades.
Mercedes-Mecamberage, who won an Oscar for the 49 film, All the Kings Men.
And later provided the raspy voice of the demon possessed girl in the excesses died.
She was 85.
She died.
Yep.
The Cambridge died from natural causes.
Mark II.
Her strong radio train voice made her an ideal film portray her hard-driven woman.
She received the Academy Award as supporting actress for a screen debut in All the Kings Men,
playing a reporter who was the nemesis of the popular Southern Governor, Willie Stark.
Roderick Crawford was named best actor for his role as Stark, a close replica of Louisiana 2E Long.
Remember Roderick Crawford in Highway Patrol?
No.
And the drama was on her with the best picture Oscar.
During her film career, she acquired a reputation as a strong-willed outspoken woman on an off-the-skinned film.
When she was hired to play the Emmy of Joan Crawford in the 54 Western Johnny Guitar,
the pair feuded on the set.
In her memoir, a Cambridge called Crawford a mean, tipsy, powerful, rotten egg lady.
Ho ho ho!
Rotten egg, which in the old days, as of prior to today, I could have played something with rotten egg,
which we can't play no more.
But anyway, we'll get to that in a moment.
Because of her great vocal skills, the Cambridge hired was hired to portray the demon in William Friedkin 73 smash,
the exorcist, after weeks of what she called the hardest work she'd done for a film she'd been promised,
prominent mention in the credits.
Now here's something I bet you never knew.
Okay.
When she attended the preview, her name was missing.
As she left the theater in tears, Friedkin tried to explain that there had been no time to insert her credit.
The screen actors yielded an event and forced her inclusion in the credits.
Is that a bet you never knew that?
I did not.
Among her later films, a giant farewell to arms,
a touch of evil with her radio-core-hort horse and well, suddenly last summer.
That was a fag movie with Elizabeth Taylor.
Simmer on 99 Women Thieves, the Concord Airport 79.
So she's dead for Sadie's McCambury.
She died?
And 85.
At the ripe old age.
Well, I'm thinking 90s old enough.
Anyway, that takes care of that business now.
And I'm hoping that you are listening with both ears open.
Reach inside with your little finger, very carefully now, and get all the wax out of ears to make sure you hear this very clearly,
very carefully.
Here is a memo that I requested because it was given to me on the phone verbally yesterday.
I said, well, let's put this in writing so we all understand.
And we're going to take a poll today.
Now, if you take a look, is it up?
I guess it's up.
I don't know.
Of course, there too is you looking at Drew Burmour, which I can easily understand that.
That's a very fine picture.
But again, you must be at least 80 years old to look at that.
And it might give you a coronary attack.
Some trying to vote on here, but there you go.
So they're voting on.
They're taking a look at that.
Now, they're probably wondering why have you put these words on this poll today?
What is this all about?
Here's the answer to your question.
Just to give you an idea of how far this chilling business is going on.
And there is no more free speech.
As of the last couple of weeks, all based on that Janet Jackson booby flap.
And I can't play that sound that goes with flap anymore because those are all gone.
Right.
So you'll have to use your own imagination.
Oh, whatever that sound was.
Point something.
As of that, that was an excuse for the fascists at the FCC and your government, both parties,
to say, hey, guess what?
We'll just make it up as we go along.
And if you don't like it, we'll find you $50 trillion.
A $10 million.
Here's the memo from our program director and our operations manager
to the entire QM air staff and producers in regard to indecency.
This coming from the visibly attorneys from corporate.
We've been informed from our corporate attorneys that in addition to the seven, the so-called
dirty words, the following words and sound effects are considered course language in our prohibited.
No exceptions.
That's not in the memo, but I just want George to understand because I had the conversation.
No exceptions.
Right.
There is a zero tolerance, which means if you want to like dittle around on the edges,
which you have a habit of doing, that means that your kids aren't going to be eating for a long time.
You're right.
I'm sure you don't care about that.
But anyway, will you listen to me?
Here are the prohibited, the new addees to the list.
And George Carlin is weeping heavily as I speak.
I can't read the words.
I guess I could, but I'm... could I read them?
Are you asking me?
Well, I'm not going to read them.
You want to accuse me of dittling?
The first word begins with PR.
If you don't have a computer, you'll have to use your imagination, okay?
PR.
The second one is the vice president's first name.
His last name is Cheney.
You know what his first name is.
The third one has to do with the TI with the boobies.
I guess we can still say boobies, but we can't say the one that begins with TI.
The fourth one begins with a P and has to do with the female, whatever.
The fourth one, fifth one, hard, something.
I can still say hard.
The next one begins with ASS and the second syllable.
So I guess Sonny Fox doesn't have to listen no more because we can't say the word that he says.
We can say, f***hole, but we can't say the whole word.
The next one is D bag.
See, I can say that.
Okay, you can't say the whole word.
You can say D bag.
It's in a dime bag.
Nickel bag.
Right.
But you can't say S bag.
That happens to be the next word.
Cross bag.
The next one begins with a TW and on the vulgar reference to the female genitalia.
The next one is CO something which has to do with the male genitalia.
And the last one which I can't read it to you, no more fart noises.
But we can say it.
What?
That we can say fart.
Now, even though there was that commercial in the Super Bowl with the horse that was farting in somebody's face,
there are no more fart noises allowed in the beastly broadcasting chain.
Can we, um, can we make a raspberry sound?
No, no.
No raspberries, no farts.
That's probably no, uh, no of that stuff would be, uh, do you remember the guy, what you don't because it's before your time?
A guy used to go on TV and used to put his fist under his arm and make those sounds like you're referring to.
Can't do that no more either.
No, that's some hip music.
You see because the FCC will determine.
They'll decide.
And if they don't like the way you look or if they don't like your political opinions or if they want to get you off the air, all of these things are prohibited.
Now, there are probably people in the audience that can all that kneel, boy, he sure, uh, getting carried away.
No, this is, uh, this is where it is as of today.
I don't think this is the end.
This is where we are as of today.
And the fact that my colleagues in this business are such a bunch of spineless cowards.
And they're just rolling over basically and playing dead.
It should tell you a lot.
It should tell you a hell of a lot.
In fact, you people out there, the couple thousand that we've got to sign your signature on those petitions.
In fact, this should motivate a lot more people.
Stop FCC.com.
You're doing more than other people in the industry are doing.
All they're doing is saying yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Are you know, oh, and I said that.
Yes, sir.
Are you a **** part?
1013 at 560 WQM.
So the poll is which of these fends you and I can't, when every time I read the poll result, I'm going to have to like use letters and you know, we'll have to do hand signals.
Right.
That's that pantomime.
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pompadopark Racing and Cardroom has just the gambling action you want.
Located just a half a mile from both I and I be five in the turn.
Pike Pompadopark is easy to get to.
And best of all, Pompadopark features free admission and free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, including tonight.
Poker starts at noon goes on all the way till midnight if you can stay awake that long and live racing gets into way nightly at 705 PM, including tonight.
For St. Patrick's Day, there was a 500 how come we didn't have this on.
Let's see St. Patrick's Day was yesterday.
I'm reading the wrong copy.
Sorry, Dick.
Well, I mean, I'm a lot of stress and pressure.
I got the right copy.
Dick Feinberg, okay.
Oh, oh, sorry.
Hey, Fyberg.
I guess Richard's going to have to change his name.
They all are.
Sorry, Rich.
But then they think I'm talking about fat rich.
Anyway, let's see.
This Friday, there'll be free drawings to get into the money machine and grab a thousand dollars in cash and vetting vouchers.
Or maybe when a raffle ticket for a 2004 Porsche Boxster plus swing dancing demonstrations at the track.
I don't think we can say that swing dancing.
On Saturday, the most unbelievable fireworks done.
Chawan, Earth is coming up with the amazing Australian dear devil Vincent Sylvester in the source.
Hand me silver performing their hot and prep fireworks show.
Showtime is 9 p.m.
The kids will want to see that.
Bring the whole family.
Saturday night to Pompatopark.
Pompatopark, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline.
Road for the current race schedule.
Go online, Pompatopark.com or call them at 9.5.4.
9.7.2.2.2000.
Live racing 2 nights 7.05 p.m.
The poker room of what's at noon today at Pompino Park.
Live and local.
Here's Porsche Radio 560, zero.
ZUAM.
Friends people, piss me out.
Freelance A-H-E-L-S-E-L-S.
Freelance A-H-E-L-S.
Are you sure?
Freelance A-H-E-L-S.
Freelance A-H-E-L-S.
Freelance A-H-E-L-S.
Freelance A-H-E-L-S.
Rock show host on 5 with its notorious romance.
The best of scenes here.
Freelance A-H-E-L-S.
Let's carry that here.
Freelance A-H-E-L-S.
Freelance A-H-E-L-S.
Let's carry that here.
Freelance A-H-E-L-S.
19 at 5 60 WQM, where we used to be having a pretty good time on here here, but not no more.
or your radio is dead as a door nail.
In fact, your radio is on life support right now.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Just like South Florida's on life support, your radio fits in like a rubber glove.
But I can't say where, you know?
No you can't.
Look at that. We just went over a thousand signatures ahead on New York State.
Yesterday, when we started the show, we were like a few hundred signatures short of New York State.
Now, New York State's got 3,803 on the stop at CC dot competition. Florida's got 4,807.
A thousand and four more than New York State would its 20 million people.
Are you impressed or what?
Yeah, I'm impressed.
And four last five names that just went on there. Kevin in Hollywood, Walter Intel Ray
Beach, Tim in Fort Lauderdale, and Ivan in Miami. Thank you.
Thank you for carrying it up to release on the petition and try to do something.
Because that's what it's all about.
If anybody was to listen last two days, there's a guy named Scott who lives in New York,
who's trying to do something, which I commend him for.
And stop FCC dot com says, if you're fed up with the government deciding what you can watch, read, and listen to,
in addition to tighter definition of indecency and higher fines for broadcasters,
the SEC is also talking about regulating cable and satellite broadcasts.
Join the campaign for free speech today and cast your vote for the first amendment.
Help us get a million signatures.
Tell your friends about stop FCC dot com. And it goes on to explain it to you.
And every time as a new people are signing on and protesting, it rotates five names come up.
Let's see, what's the current number? Because I just went off of it.
It's 52,000 some odd signatures they've got already.
And this thing only started on March the 5th at AZ 18.
So it's less than two weeks in progress.
And of course, if some people on the year were promoting this thing the way it ought to be,
instead of having 52,000, there'd be 520,000 signatures already.
You know what I mean? I don't want to see who I'm talking about, George.
Well, you thought that.
If there were some people on the year who claim to be very powerful,
and if they get off their pedestal and their ego trip and start promoting this thing,
we could get millions of signatures.
And you know, something we'll find a way to do it.
If I have to personally pay for an ad in the day in the USA today to turn people on to this website
and just print, revert pay them what it says here on Scott's petition, I'll do it.
Because this is unacceptable.
I mean, you go along. Life goes along.
We got all these people dying in Baghdad and all over the world.
All these horrible things. We got terrorists threatening our very existence.
We got gas prices so high that you have to take a week's salary to figure out tank now with some people.
Millions of people ought to work.
And the FCC based on, and again, using it as a plumsiest excuse.
Don't please understand it had nothing to do with that.
It was just the opening they were waiting for if you're pardoned expression.
With a Janet Jackson booby business on the Super Bowl and the farting horse.
Oh my god, this is disgusting.
And it's about time we're going to show you we're going to crack down now.
We're going to make decency something great in America.
And of course, it's all religious nuts. And like George keeps saying,
these people don't want anything on you unless it's promoting Jesus.
Right. I'm not making that up.
I know you're not making that up. That's what they want.
Unless it's promoting Jesus and Christianity, the fundamentalist don't want us to be able to say anything.
Right. I'm not exaggerating. That's the fact.
That's exactly where they be coming from. I'll give you an example.
This story here, this is a beauty.
Dayton Tennessee.
The county that was the site of these scopes monkey trial over the teaching of evolution is asking lawmakers to amend state laws
so the county can charge homosexuals of the crimes against nature.
The Rhea County commissioners approved the request eight to nothing on Tuesday.
Commissioner, oh, wait to hear this guy's name.
And I better be very careful. His name is spelled F-U-G-A-T-E.
Carefully.
Commissioner JC Fuget, who introduced the measure also asked shut up, also asked the county attorney to find a way to enact an ordinance banning homosexuals from living in a county.
We need to keep them out of here.
Fuget said the vote was announced by Matt Neville's president of the Chattanooga chapter of parents, family, and friends of lesbians and gays.
That is the most far-fetched idea put forth by any kind of public official ever, Neville said.
I'm outraged.
Last year, the US Supreme Court struck down Texas Sotamy losses of violation of a bill's privacy.
Rhea County is one of the most conservative counties in Tennessee.
It holds an annual festival commemorating the 1925 trial that which John T. Scopes was convicted of teaching evolution.
The verdict was thrown out on a technicality.
The trial became the subject of a play and movie inherent to wind.
So there you go.
Oh, my God.
Right.
By the way, I should play the bottom bank on our 360 machine here.
Yes, no.
I have no life.
Absolutely correct.
Oh, my God.
All of these things.
More on.
Deal, God.
New, good.
No.
Okay.
Just to kind of introduce the audience to our new bank.
Sounds nice and clean.
Did I do a nice job?
Yes.
That's where all the parts used to be on the bottom of those fart sounds.
But of course, they ain't there no mo.
And you won't be hurting them and no mo on this show, not on this station, not on your radio.
No more farting sounds.
Please.
And if you're any elevator, especially if it's crowded, do your damnedest.
Even if you have to do a number in your pants, do not fart out loud.
Because the fart police will come and take your ass away.
And maybe the rest of you too.
Now, here's the deal.
Which of these words are sounds you find most offensive?
Now, we already have, in just a matter of moments, 217 votes in about what?
Five, ten minutes?
Ten minutes.
Right.
184 of those people, 84.7% say none of these words are offensive or sounds or whatever none of the above.
85%.
Now, there are a few people.
Some of the T.W. word, 15 people said that one was offensive.
The P.U.S. word, six.
The D. Bag, three.
And the fart sounds only two.
And keep in mind, no matter if we get 80-cazillion votes on there, that's not going to change anything.
I just wanted to prove a point because I know I will.
Because a handful of misfits and lunatics out there and self-appointed more or less than religious nuts.
These are the ones who are deciding what you can read, what you can watch, what you can listen to, what you can think, how loud you can fart, all of these things.
You know what I'm saying?
All of these things.
See, it's on area of came in handy, you know?
Yeah.
I like that one.
And being lazy, it's a little bit too complicated and burdened, burgeon some.
Well, I don't know what you can do.
You can go in with an ECS and get that, but when it's right here at the touch of a finger,
you might hear that a lot more now.
A lot more.
Absolutely.
Mel Carmesen's defensive-powered Stern Broadcast and Viacombs in Décency Enforcement Philosophy didn't sit well with that
and I'm just going to have to control myself because I almost said the A word.
I can't say A-hole.
There you go.
With the A-hole Senator San Brownback.
The Senator's Communications Director, Brian Hart, said yesterday that Tony will be
response to Brownbacks request for information, as well as Carmesen's testimony several weeks ago before the House Commerce Committee,
seems like business is usual instead of progressing toward upholding existing FCC regulations and working toward cleaning up our public airwaves.
Damn it.
The Senator is directing it another later to the Viacom present in Wilcoode specific references to language on the Stern Show,
and hopes that Mr. Carmesen will explain how this material is not indecent under their own guidelines, Hart says.
Carmesen had apologized to the Senator for some broadcast language and explained the Viacom was taking steps to keep in Décency off its airwaves.
But Carmesen also said the company had determined the broadcast did not meet the FCC's definition of indecency.
He added that the definition was in moving target and thus difficult to hit, though he pledged to try.
In other words, nobody understands what it is, including the FCC. They make up as they go along.
Gotcha.
While Clear Channel had pulled Stern from its airwaves following the February 24th broadcast and questioned Viacom's infinity, which distributes the show did not,
also unhappy with Carmesen's answer was Parents Television Council, another right-wing group of nuts.
The FCC in Congress should interpret this move by Viacom as blatant content for parents and families, said PTC President Brent Bozev yesterday, another right-wing nut job.
Wow.
That's America, man. I keep telling you the right-wing nut job takes to take it over and you people are just going to sit back and take it?
I think there's still schedule in the election in November this year. I'm not too sure about that.
And I'm not just talking about the presidential election, but all of the House and a bunch of senators are going to be running, too.
And if you don't register to vote, if you don't get online and sign up petition, if you just sit back on your ass and just take this sit and...
Now, see, I got news for you. I only got a couple of years left anyway. I'm out of this whole deal.
So, like I told these guys yesterday when he called me with the latest prohibited phrases and words and sounds.
I don't care. As long as the check show is up every two weeks, that's all I care about. It goes right in the bank. It goes right in my retirement funds, and that's it.
I don't care. I mean, I'll fight the good fight here for everybody else in the industry, but I'm not going to, you know, I'm not going to like, oh, tiptoe the edge of the line. Why, why, why even think about it?
Why think about it? After all the years that I've invested in this, I'm going to like, wow. I'll show you a thing or no, I won't.
And little Georgie there who thinks that he's got some, oh, I'm going to know, no, you're not. Don't even think about it. But what? Anything?
Which I'll be easy for you. 1028-560-2, and Josh in in there. Let me tell you, keep your finger on that yellow button, man. Just keep your finger right on it.
Like I hear his breath away.
There he goes again. Breathe in. You're not breathing like normal breathing. You're breathing like with sexual overtones, mister.
That's your perverted mind. Like you're looking at you bear more or something on there and you're not old enough.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible.
Zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points. Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay only three, 34 a month. If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are only six, just the eight a month. And no forget.
Once you refinance or get a new mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call today and find out all about it. Call 1866-395-Lend.
And get the low rate mortgage you deserve then moved your next property with no further cost or expense. You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dot fee, zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group. Never pay closing costs again. Call them today toll free.
1-866-395-Lend. That's 1-866-395-Lend. Either in equal housing lender, restrictions do apply. Rate subject to change monthly. 4.21 APR.
5.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
2.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
2.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
2.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
2.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
2.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
3.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
3.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
3.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
3.25-Lend. That's my life. And low. This is sports radio 5.16. You ain't too way.
A party.
We can't pour any naked loud, We'll Até can't play.
To Lord, to kill or let yourously outpass A.
The budget released its sentence sentence.
next year's win, brother, it's gonna be final class.
We say this fight, which is red, a party.
In white and it sucks to it and they'll say that down.
1035 at 560 WQM and here's some more of these great stories coming along.
Here's from Georgia, Christian Group wants books banned.
Of course.
Some Bartel County parents won a betty of books banned from the county school's reading list.
This is in Curtisville, Georgia.
At a Monday Bartel County Board of Education meeting, three parents were the group Crusaders for Christ,
told B.O.E. members that several books contain offensive material and should be banned.
You're gonna answer to God Almighty for your decision, said the group's leader, the Reverend Dwight Holcomb,
among the books that Crusaders for Christ want banned are of Mison Men by John Steinbeck.
The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury, to kill a mockingbird by Harper Lee, a reason in the Sun by Lorraine Hansbury,
and Roll of Thunder hear my cry by Meldred Taylor.
County committees have deemed all the books appropriate, but committee members will not have to decide whether to repeal their decision.
It's uncertain when the committees will make their decision because members will have to read the books before deciding.
Somebody will have to read them to them.
We got to read them.
Oh boy.
Man, talk about the Meanderthals, take it over.
I keep trying to tell you this.
Zined America baby is they say in Poland.
And right closer to home, here's a good one too, along the same lines.
The Dade County School Board rejected a proposal to add two additional daily moments of reflection in classrooms.
This was yesterday.
By a 6 to 3 vote the board refused we've been studied the plans submitted by board member Martha Perez.
Martha Perez.
I don't even want to study this one said board members Solomon Stinson who said the issue was just too controversial to justify the time and energy it would consume.
Perez was joined, the other two votes in favor of this insanity by members Augustine Barere and Frank Bolanios.
The rest of Perez's proposal which has superintendent Merritt Steerheim to form a committee to study character education was combined with a series of similar ideas in a separate bill sponsored by Bolanios.
Right.
Let's turn the schools into a church as well.
I say how do you like that?
Well, hand out rosary beads to everybody.
No, who is the fixes?
Well, Mercedes McCambridge, she kicked off a little bit too soon.
She'd have been great doing the sounds for the PA in the school.
You only quote that we can use of hers from that movie.
Yeah, it burns it burns.
I don't think you say that either because we don't know see like Clinton like Bubba said we don't know what it means.
You know, you're right.
No, so when you say it burn you can say burns burns and they might be really really saying George Burns.
Right.
Crazy burns.
Right.
Gracie on.
You're right.
Rick sends me a fax but I can't read it on here.
Well, I could but I have to leave out the good part.
I can't read anything.
And like I said, I'm not going to get all whipped up into a friend.
You're like, oh gee, what are we going to I'm just going to do the best I can.
It's all I can do.
It's all I can do.
I'm not going to sit here like some kind of a martyr and oh gee,
they're out to crucify me into crucify.
How are they?
I write whatever you say.
It's a whole movement.
It doesn't have to do with just any one person even though you know to then and to exploit it to try to put yourself.
You know, about a bigger pedestal than you've already got that really frost my ass.
I fed ass.
Look at all the votes on there in about the 25 minutes.
317 to be exact.
Which of these words or sounds do you find the most offensive?
None of the above 262%.
The T.W. word seems to really be 25.
Say that.
P.U.S. word 11.
Fart sound 6.
The PR i word 3.
D bag 3.
A whole 2.
Hard 2.
Cheese.
S bag 2.
Cheney's first name 2.
The CO word 1.
And the TD don't have any yet.
As in booby, ti, you know the rest has none.
82% say none of the above.
WQM. Hello.
How you doing buddy?
Okay sir.
Can't say D bag anymore but can we say Michael Powell?
T bag George Bush.
Oh!
I don't see that on here.
Not on the list yet but I bet you might have a marauder be on there.
So it's a good thing you have it in today.
Could go for a nice refreshing cup of tea.
WQM. Hello.
Yes Nailed.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just hate this religion thing.
It could just get it on the hand.
I mean I'm not religious at all but it's not a present how the religion is just
wants to, I don't know, shut everybody up.
They don't want nobody you know, liberty of speech or anything.
It's just crazy.
The fact that the government that the Congress is going along with us that's the scary part.
They're just rolling over and playing dead.
You know and Kerry can stand up there and talk a good game and about he's going to do this and you know international affairs.
Well that's great.
What about domestic affairs?
What about our freedoms right here at home?
Like Bush the other day was screaming and carrying on about well all those great freedoms that the Iraqi people are going to get.
Yeah the ones that we used to enjoy here W.
The ones that we used to have here.
Like freedom is to speak your mind and not having the word police.
The nose picking police, the J walking police, the pleasure police, the swing club police, everything and anything man.
The Nazis have taken over and immediately just sit there.
A little bit like that.
Oh they arrested that guy while he was ordering a slice of pizza that guy knew who he was he recognized him.
Yeah that's the kind of stuff they'll spend 50 hours on today.
The turnpike sniper.
And Martha Stewart you know is she going to a slammer or not?
On and on and on it goes.
And you know they had a blurb trying to be cute this morning Jack.
Whatever his name is there on CNN.
Trying to be real cutesy with that thing about well do you think Howard Stern or Mel Gibson are going to tell you to vote for since Howard is done everybody to vote against Bush.
And now even the righteous right wing Mel Gibson is saying he ain't too happy with the bushmeister on this whole Iraq thing and the international affairs.
Is what that great political analyst Mel Gibson is saying.
And they just make it into like it's cutesy and funny and everything there's nothing funny about it.
When you wake up all of a sudden one day and things that you know your life's been going along and these things have been acceptable and this is the way society works.
And all of a sudden somebody turns the clock back 50 years 100 years and says not no more.
And the public is sitting over there rolling over like oh well whatever you say yes yes a master master master.
Is that something really stinks here man something really stinks in America.
And let me say it again you people in this industry and broadcasting which I'm ashamed to be apart the overwhelming majority of you are the biggest bunch of spineless cowards that anybody could ever begin to imagine.
And you look on the trade publications and all they're talking about is dollars and cents and this one made so much and this one's fourth quarter profits went up.
Forget about freedom forget about fighting for anything forget about standing on principle.
Just roll over and play dead.
And of course the industry has been going that direction for a long time anywhere with all this deregulation with five or six grave robbing companies gobbling up and owning every damn radio station in America.
So what do you expect?
1042 I can a little bit to have said no just right.
Yes I am.
1042 184 11 at 560 WQM got the mad dog you two with David Busters we got four to seven the books to read David Busters I'll tell you more about what that's all about later.
Her a cone hotline at seven the big eight to 10 that's obscene at the sand bar in the Grove Eddie K. at 10 and then we got the sporting news radio.
Hey I've been telling you for years why you need to call dial amateurs tool free at one 800 mattress what here just a few more reason why I'd be calm and today.
Because dial amateurs backs up everything they see an advertising 100% but the competitor still lie like crazy when you see a macro said making outrageous claims are advices read the fine print please.
There are a lot of lies waiting for you out there.
Here's an example the ads with big headlines said you free frame free set up free removal but the tiny print underneath says it only applies to luxury models or you have to live so close to the story of be their neighbor or it's for something you don't need like a frame.
And guess what most people don't need frames and stores want to apply the credit to something else instead so it's useless.
It seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to whatever you're buying but if dial amateurs the ads have no tiny print no disclaimers no lies no BS every dial amateurs delivery includes free set up and free delivery.
Whether it's a top of the line set or a twin mattress for a bunk bed dial amateurs delivery terms apply wherever you live no exceptions from candle to steward Palm Beach to Ford Myers dial amateurs reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide to buy.
So what are you waiting for do what I've been doing for years and all the other smart people are doing now to pick up that phone it's the easiest purchase you'll ever make that one simple call one 800 mattress one 800 MAT T R E S or log on to macriss.com for the honest way to buy you a great new bed.
And what's on the air he bid in the stone age put your burger on today and what TV the 30 packs of American way in a tower or Michael power the site of chance and Steve makes a power just the fighting is position that he got to have been this a Buddhist oil incompetence word.
Absolutely. I'm just reaching 40's out of five 60 WQM well I just it just my timing for what for the facts that you just sent me. You might already see I have this wow here we go just this is in line with the other story that I told you I got here.
The morning shows it clear channels W E B N Cincinnati these are clear channel stations by the way and enter comes K R X Q and Sacramento are targeted in separate and decency complaints filed by listeners of the FCC the complaint against E B N's dawn patrol was filed on March 4th by a Cincinnati based activist group the name of the group is I don't know it's whatever it is.
And the one against K R X Q's Rob Arne and Don is met the commission since late oh two the FCC has issued a romantic complaint yet according to the Cincinnati and choir citizens for community values has been taping the dawn patrol since last fall that's the group citizens for community values they always sound so righteous and pure and decent and wonderful and a bunch of right wing fascist is what they are almost at something else what I heard you're thinking no that's exactly what I was I didn't almost say listen.
Leave it to me to find the stumbling box don't stick any in there okay got your start act like the beeslees you're starting to put hurdles in there when there weren't any in the first place included in its complaint are 11 different ledgily indecent incidents in which it if which you found actionable could fetch a maximum fine of 302,500 dollars under resisting rules the broadcast included descriptions of sexual activity and scatological references.
The FCC confirmed with the inquiry to receive the complaint but wouldn't comment further.
Unlike the WBN case the K R X Q complaint was filed by one listener James Peak told the Sacramento B he was disgusted by Don Rossi's description of her menstrual period and other comments the morning team made about women, coal and cleansing and other subjects in the February 24th email to peak assistant chief investigations and hearings Dana Levitt said the FCC should re resolving this case in the very near future.
If you go to WBN's website that's 102.7 WBN the lunatic fringe of American FM is what they call themselves anyway just do a WBN dot com.
It's in Cincinnati and they've got on the website of them good thing there's American flag and it says it's time to be heard for years has been a concerted campaign of foot to destroy WBN and it's contribution to greater Cincinnati and of course Cincinnati is a real real right wing.
Goose stepping town I mean real bunch of fascists there WBN in fact is not where they started out Larry Flint with hustling magazine I'm pretty sure it was positive.
Okay WBN's long history of entertaining and mobilizing its audience for good as under attack as is your right as an adult to make your own decisions whether they be for you or your children.
Line 9 is ringing I want to know who that is Q.A.M.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Good good.
I have two words for your poll if you take any suggestions or?
Yeah, sure.
It says it's time that we quit letting the vocal minority decide for us what we can and cannot have access to.
It's time to let these groups in our elected officials know that we have the right to we value the right to choose we want let the use of the public airways continue to be dictated and rewarded by the public majority.
You see this is the insanity the whole business in the first place when one wacko out there makes a complaint.
Oh gee, well here we go.
We're going to find you.
We're going to threaten your license even if it's a city of 15 million people.
If one nut job in New York City makes a complaint against Howard Stern or anybody else.
Oh gee, well here's the complaint you're going to have to pay a big fine even though there might be 80 trillion people listening.
How is that possible?
It's like saying that if one person didn't like a flavor of Campbell soup they'd have to stop making it because he filed a complaint with a Campbell soup company.
See my catch my drift.
Mm-hmm.
If one person didn't like a chef boy R.D. Spaghetti with meatballs in a can they'd have to stop making a spin.
I have to come up with some other shape of the pasta stick with the rigatoni.
I like tortellini.
It says there are plenty of this is on the EBN website.
There are plenty of exact hate tortellini.
There are plenty of examples around the world that demonstrate the consequences of letting one small group dictate the morality and the decision making for the whole.
Afghanistan and Iraq come to mind.
You want to trade with them?
If you want to live in a city or a country that lets the few rule the many just sit back and do nothing and nothing is what you'll have to choose from.
Are you tired of being told that you can't watch?
Listen to a read of variety of programming or literature because you obviously can't handle it or someone in his or her ivory tower.
Are you tired of being told that you're too stupid to raise your own children and that since radio TV movies and billboards are ultimately responsible for their upbringing that your choices will soon be made for you?
These well organized few have done their best to speak on your behalf.
Are you ready to do something about it?
Let your voice be heard before it's completely taken away.
Frog nation is on the move.
Don't get left behind says W.E.B.N.
That's their their deal.
Frog nation.
You're building to sound off as a privileged treated as such.
Use don't lose your head following as a list of people need to know how you feel and the very first thing they've got there is a link to petition to the FCC.
www.fcc.com
Nice going you go boys.
Then they've got a link to the FCC's website.
They've got the phone numbers and the email addresses for Michael Powell and all the other obnoxious members of the FCC, Kathleen Abernathy, Michael Cops, Jonathan Adelstein and Kevin Martin.
Then they've got the number for these citizens for community values, the so-called CCV and Cincinnati, which is the group that's hassling them and then there are state, there are Ohio senators and representatives.
Hello, my job.
www.ebn.com
as they're under fire.
Everybody who wants to say anything is under fire and of course the ones who are really getting it big time, are you listeners out there?
You can't enjoy a little bit of humor anymore because the FCC now we don't just have the word police, we have the humor police because they're interpreting what we mean.
That's right.
The meaning.
That's why I'm trying to tell you don't be playing the whips and chainsounds because no matter what you call it, they know what you mean.
They're inside your haid, Mr. they know exactly where you're coming from. You're a prevert.
What a giveaway.
And they're going to find everybody big time.
This is fascism right in front of your face. They stole the election in 2000, right out in public, right out there in front of everybody else.
And a public sack back and, ooh, let's watch them golf.
And now they're stealing radio and TV and next thing they want to do, just like that other article said, next they want to move into cable and then of course into satellite TV and satellite radio.
And then after that, it'll be the internet.
And the freedom of speech in America is just about history and a public is sitting back and the media is on air talking cock-a-man to miracle I can still even say that.
For now, quick to the next level.
Which of these words or sounds do you find most offensive? We asked we got 441 votes already in about 40 minutes.
441. The people are really pissed off and fired up. I'll tell you that.
None of the above 80.2% 354. And I'm not even going to waste my time going down. Fartsounds 12.
Oh, for writing. Well, excuse us. We apologize for those 80 trillion fartsounds we paid the last several years on this show, but you won't hear them no more.
That's the good thing. A lot of those comedy bits used to hear you won't hear them.
No, no. That's right. No, no.
A lot of those words. No, no, no.
All that filth and crap won't hear it no more.
Everything is going to be pure as the driven snow as a bar of ivory soap 99 and 4400 percent pure only in our case it'll be 110 percent pure just to be on the safe side.
Just to make sure we're going to be really pure.
I'm going to look all this is my city.
So where you going yours?
You in.
Remember this golden gasser.
Wonderful WQAM.
Coming up next on Queer Eye for that Palestinian guy we make over Yasser Aerofad.
He's trying to take over the PLO again from that Muhammad Wethas name. If he's to succeed he needs some help.
No kidding. I mean what is up with that durag? I mean it's so five minutes ago.
Really? And that's scragally weird. I mean who are you?
It's going to be our biggest challenge ever, but we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe and transform Yasser from a Ringo star lookalike to a white guy.
Well, well, he's still going to look like Ringo, but just cleaner.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
Oh, we're going to be doing just a ton of things on the next Queer Eye for that Palestinian guy.
Thursday night.
It's a 11 o'clock and 560 moderately a happy Thursday to you.
March 18 or really, Dismal Day.
Every day is becoming Dismal now because each day there's more and more edicts coming down.
Dismal or in Dismal Earth.
More and more prohibitions. You can't say this and you can't do that.
You certainly can't make those sounds and we still can do that.
That's the good news.
Let's look on a bright side.
Okay. Let's go look at it as the glasses and millions full instead of like 99 million cent.
Right?
Christian song count.
Right.
For exactly one.
Now, I'm looking up before we even continue.
I'm looking up and down this list of the latest list of prohibited words according to the Beasley attorneys.
And keep in mind, I'm not knocking the Beasley's for this because generally speaking, in spite of the fact there are a bunch of right wing nose pickers,
over these last six and a half years, they've been pretty supportive, you know.
They haven't said, oh, don't say this and don't do that.
They've been pretty, they've been okay.
But all of the companies now and didn't I say this a couple of weeks ago when his crap first started,
are up here in their pants.
They're soiling themselves because the threat is coming down from up above and like, what,
you better told the line or we're going to find you $83 million and take away your license and take away that banjo that you play up in the tree and take Bob
or Booth and spirit him away. Well, it's seen nothing's all bad.
But when I look up and down this list and I see the word dick, for example, on this list, it seems to me that that's a name.
Okay. How do you say the president, Dick Nixon, you could say Richard Nixon because that was, you know, some people call them Dick Nixon, some people call them Richard.
The vice president goes by the name of Dick Cheney.
Now if anybody in Naples or any place else in America tells me that I can't call the vice president by his real name.
And of course, we can't say the word that I would prefer to use, but the A-hole word.
So I would just call them Dick Cheney. That's his name.
So if you're going to tell me I can't say that, well, I'm going to tell you your full of it. How do you like that?
Oh, see that? That was bad. That wasn't the real sign. That was just the test one.
Sounded like it's me.
Nah, that was just a test. Okay. I was just clear my teeth.
So that's one that I have a little bit of problem with. But anyway, 80.6% say none of the above.
So they find most offensive or even a little bit offensive or offensive at all.
But the goody-two shoes out there. I hope you're just, I hope you're all swollen up, man, with pride and excitement and enthusiasm.
As you continue making America into a third rate country, not even a second rate country, a third rate country.
See, I used to love America what it was, what it stood for, what it represented. Now, oh, forget about it.
I despise what it's become and what it's becoming every single day.
A fascist state of mindless idiots, of mindless vues-steppers.
And I'm going to tell you this, the Scott guy up in New York, there's a lot of credit.
And it's not only us, I mean, Stern's got a link to it, although he's certainly not promoting it because it's not all about him.
But W.E.B.N. and Cincinnati, that's the first link they have on there because they agree with this idea.
You know, Jika asked me last night, he said, what do you think anything can come out of this?
I said, you know, nothing, French, you're nothing game. We got to give it a try.
If we can get millions of signatures from all over the country on this, you better believe in an election year.
The politicians are going to sit up and take a look at it and pay some attention.
And understand that the people are pissed off and fired up. And the good news is we can still say that.
Yeah. That's why I started the show with that this morning because we can still say,
pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
Oh.
Now tomorrow might be different stories, right?
We've got to get it in several times today because we need to be able to play it again.
Maybe we'll get one of these every day.
Might be a whole bunch of these things.
Right. We'll start a book.
But anyway, stop FCC.com. I notice every time I check it out here last, since we've been on the year this morning,
three or even four of the five of the last names that have signed the petition are from Florida.
And I'm grateful for that that people are finally responding.
See, I said to myself a long time ago, you know, I'm not doing any more of these campaigns that so far save our first amendment rights.
I'm not going to get involved because we're not going to change the world on some stupid ass radio show with some marginal citizens.
So we'll just signal here at the ass end of the radio dial.
What are we going to do?
That's basically talking about the same ball games 20 hours a day anyway.
We're going to change the course of human events, but in this particular case,
somebody of a few people got to open up a mouth.
Those people are in Cincinnati. They're making an effort.
Scott in New York, he's trying to do something.
So I think that it's real easy because then we say gee, look, if we're doing a great job,
3,000 people on there just a couple of days. Well that's a good start. Right. We're past New
York State by 1107. But in the meantime how come we haven't had 15,000, 20,000 people
signed their names on us. Just about everybody out there's got a computer either at work
or at home or a friend who's got one or they can go and steal one right now. How come
we are getting thousands and thousands of people especially in light of what's going
on now. Every single day whatever you enjoy before whatever we could do to entertain
and put a smile on your face to amuse you's whatever it was not anymore. And don't
give me the goody tussues argument about what you see near list. We'll just go what
will we're talking about adults. The average adult listener is offended by a fart sound
only if he's standing in a crowded elevator around line at publics or at the track. Joe
says normally I would say a smart or what is this something smart for the pool like how
our David's name is offensive or Michael Powell. I'm not offended by names but how about
none I see this this goes and get it that's already one of the seven. We don't need any
additions any suggestions for this pool. See this is the problem we get silly people
out there we don't need any additions that's already one of the prohibited seven. See
you next time Joe. A commentator was fired from National Public Radio's flagship station
for Southern California for inadvertently allowing it obscene word to be broadcast said
yesterday that the incident has had a chilling effect on her former colleagues. Sandra
Singh low also said she was surprised to be caught up in the nation's indecency debate
along with Howard Stern, Bubba Love Sponge and Janet Jackson. Low was fired from Santa
Monica based KCRW FM after a technician failed a bleep and intentional use of the F word during
a February 29th radio commentary on knitting. It was a commentary on knitting and she got fired.
That could get fired over this as everybody in a white hot panic load told guests of a Beverly Hills
Bar Association once had on censorship the FCC and justice department. I think I've got more
media attention than would mirror it for a person who works for 150 bucks a week she said. Low was offered
a job back with decline to resume the low life on KCRW. That was the name of a show the low life. That's cute.
Other panelists offered a range of opinions on the indecency issue which is prompted legal action by
federal lawmakers. Parents television counsel executive there they are again director Tim Winter largely
blamed the FCC for failing to enforce its rules and clearly spell out what content is not
acceptable to broadcast. I believe that frankly this case should not have gotten to the place where
you low lost your job over it but the station should have been warned for an indecency violation winner said.
First amendment attorney Steven Rode past president of the ACLU of Southern California said he was
worried that the FCC's recent crackdown could lead to the staffing of political views and no kidding.
We cannot trivialize the threat that's posed when you empower an armored government in this case the
FCC to have power over the ideas that are expressed road said. Part of the problem is vague wording here.
Now I want to I want you to listen very carefully. Part of the problem is vague wording of the legal
definition of obscenity said Jeffrey Douglas chairman of the free speech coalition and attorney
for members of the adult industry. There is no possible way that an artist or anyone else who is attempting
to communicate can tell an advance how the material will be deemed by a jury based on local
contemporary community standards. Douglas said of course that's out the window anyway that local stuff.
Right. As VP standards and practices for Fox cable news Darleen Lieblik said the networks are
largely protecting the public from words and images that would not raise an eyebrow at international
markets. See even somebody from Fox made sense around the rest of the world would even raise an eyebrow.
The atmosphere in the cable industry right now is one of great fear that we are going to be
scrutinized and regulated Lieblik said how do you like that even the people at Fox are peeing their pants.
Because they're not sparing anybody even they're good post friends and high contributors at
the cheap channel they're slapping them all over the place and they're not enjoying it.
Finds up the old shoot. Here's the fact that says if I fart I can't say that you can say it just
can't do it. So if I pass gas next to Michael Pablo I get arrested the answer to that is yes.
Will it be as if you fart in the forest will the FCC hear you the answer that is yes.
See what the border says Eddie. We'll keep the light on for you Eddie.
Wow just do just a whole pile of this stuff. Just you know I don't want to do this every day.
What else we can do that huh? What else we're going to do sports?
No I'm not I mean I don't want to keep drawing on the same thing and banging away on it like we're on
some kind of a crusade but you know what we're on some kind of a crusade. Somebody's going to be
I won't show a lot of people ought to be the whole industry ought to be.
And somebody there in the building asked me this morning will this list that they just
faxed you guys. This is a plot of plot of power 962. Well of course it should.
I wonder just how carefully they're monitoring the lyrics of that hip-hop stuff that they're playing
on power 96. That's funny. Well it's funny. Maybe it's funny to you. It's not funny these
fashions to want to regulate everything under the sun. All they got to do is let one
on here and the stuff is going to hit the fan. I guarantee you that right now. See?
It's already hitting the fan. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Count 5 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. I'm thinking very seriously of playing music.
Yeah. I mean that would be the easy way. I'll put it with also be. And I certainly wouldn't play any
music that I didn't know those words in it. Maybe it's from metals. How about polkas who would be good?
Right. Instrument of Miller. Frankie Yankevic. Can you say that? We got weird
out Yankevic. We can say that. So I guess we can say Frankie Yankevic. Of course that's a
paid commercial. We can say anything in those. WBDQA and hello. Yeah I wanted to talk to Neil.
Speaking. Hey Neil how are you buddy? Pretty good. Well I spent all the anti-series types.
Cuban American Democrat. All right. You're the one. And don't support GW in any way obviously
being a Democrat. But I have a Christian. Yeah. So can you imagine that? I'm a Christian.
I'm a Democrat. What brand? What brand of Christian this week? What brand?
And why? Don't lie. Answer honest. Lutheran. You're not you're not recording this, are you?
Lutheran. Jesus Christ. Wow. Please don't let the people of my church know that I'm a Democrat.
You're not so. They might they might put me up on the cross.
Hey. I'm hearing and Mill Gibson can make a movie out of it and make another 200 million.
Exactly. Where can I find that information on Mill Gibson where he was questioning the
help president? I'm trying to think of which article. There's a whole bunch of articles where
he said that. Just do a certain Mill Gibson because all the recent articles that's what he's
been talking about. In fact, gee, I think maybe somewhere he was on the Sean Hannity show a
couple of nights ago. Oh boy. And of course, that's not the right wing himself.
Right. And that's not what he was supposed to be talking about. And somewhere along the line,
he started getting into a thing about how he's not too crazy about Bush lately. He's having
second thoughts about him because of the war in Iraq and the ways handling him. And Hannity
changes subject real fast. It says in the article. So do a search either on Hannity or a
Gibson or like both and you'll find it. Well, when I don't know if you saw the interview that
Mel did with I believe was Diane Sawyer. No. Well, at the end of the interview, you know, it says,
there's been so much controversy and everything. I'm really, really tired and I'm going to go into
hiding and no one's going to be able to find me. So Diane Sawyer says to him, so where are you going
to go? He says, I'm going to go hide with the weapons of mass destruction. Oh listen, I got a
New York Daily News. It's a great line. I used it at church. Nobody thought it was funny.
It's great. Listen to me. The article in the New York Daily News. It was in yesterday and it's
Hanukkah by Mel. He wants to make a movie about Hanukkah now. But let me just read you the last
couple things I got to go. It says Gibson talked politics as well as religion during the Hannity
interview. One of a small number of Hollywood conservatives Gibson said he thinks a lot of what
President Bush does is good, but he's been having doubts of late. It's to do with all these
weapons of mass destruction that we can't seem to find and why do we go over to Iraq in the first
place. The conservative talk show host a Bush supporter Hannity quickly changed the subject.
It says beautiful. Have a great day, Pali. All right, thanks. Thanks. And I'll see you down under.
1113 at 560 WQA. If you're in a dead end job, if you're not making enough to have two nickels
to rub together, which I think is not legal anymore. Anyway, if you're overworked as well, here's
the answer for you. Make one simple call that can change your life in a big fat way. Just call
866-Train because the people at Fast Train can have you trained and certified for a real honest
of goodness, high-paying computer network professional career that can do it in as little as four
months time. That's correct. You can be fully trained already for a new career in as little as four
months. Fast Train offers day-evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule. Fast Train
offers job placement assistance and financially the people are qualified to. And with seven floor
of the locations, there's bound to be one nearby where you live. So don't wait. Don't sit on your
ass a minute longer. Don't work for some puts out there that's a treat you like garbage.
Pick up the phone, get yourself some training, and get a real job in a big fat paycheck that
goes along with it. Check them out of the way that fast-trained.com and then make that call today.
1-866-Train
All right, there's a gentleman in the very face of the uniform out here wants to see you.
Oh, it must be our friend from the RNC. Send them in. I am here to collect your
valedinate donation to the Republican Party of George Bush.
No, sure. Sure. Here. A will $500 million do? That is acceptable. No, fine. Fine.
Oh, thank goodness. We cut back $50 on that pin in the ass, Bokobroth.
Here you are. In the IEC, on behalf of Beasley Acquisition, you're doing a fine job.
Rocky Raccoco will be pleased to hear that. And I can safely assume any programming broadened
question will be overloaded. I am afraid I must now ask you to handle the over-adcasting license.
What? But I just gave you. Is this about Neil? Because that can be taken care of.
Believe me, he is no longer in this country. There is nothing we can do for now.
So what seems to be the problem? We understand your sports station.
Yes. All American family funds. Not quite. With every touchdown score.
With every basket made, your announcer's do not say praise Lord Bush ever got. Well, it's a sport,
sports based, well, there's sport holes after all. They'll understand. I'll tell them.
There is not time your license is very boss. Won't you will remove your pants?
My pants! Taka!
I've only heard clear channel hooking. But he moved his pants at once.
So the name? What's the meaning of it? We cannot have thought of how you leave in your office
at the moment. I thought we had a need. Be grateful you are alive. Goodbye.
Well, he took my pants. Hmm, I'm sitting here in my Armani briefs. And it's time for my five-hour lunch.
The end I want my sushi! 11, 19, at 560 WQM catch all the NCAA action today with QAM for the
singular wireless fan jam. Can we say that fan jam? I'm not answering that. I'm not authorized.
Jam on it. At David Buster's in Hollywood, enter the win of 52-inch TV with surround sound
and 300-lbs cash. It gets underway two of the mad dog this afternoon, followed by the boob
in the movie. That's it. David Buster's at this afternoon. Now, speaking of male gifts,
in this story is so amusing. He's portrayed the crucifixion now, male gifts, and has a sight set
set on the tail that led to Hanukkah. The passionate Christ director told WABC Sean Hannity yesterday
that he's planning a movie based on a Jewish rebellion nearly 200 years before the birth of Christ.
The story that's always fired my imagination is the book of Maccabees, Gibson said.
It's about Antiochus. The king was set up his religion in the temple and forced him all to deny
the true God and worship had his feet and worship false gods. The Maccabees family stood up and
they made war. They stuck by their guns and they came out winning and continued just like a western.
The revolt is said to have begun when the king's office had tried to force a priest named
Metathias to make a pagan sacrifice. Who the hell was Metathias? Oh, that guy over there.
What team did he play for? Metathias killed a man instead and he and his followers
played to the hills to wage a successful guerrilla war that eventually liberated Jerusalem
in 165 BC. That victory led to the holiday of Hanukkah when a tiny amount of oil lasted eight
days as the Maccabees purified the temple in Jerusalem. A story about heroic Jews might insulate
Gibson from churches of anti-Semitism, leveled by the movie's critics, but some Jews might not
take kind of the Gibson a conservative Catholic interpreting their history. Anti-deformation
executive director Abe Foxman told the Orlando Sentinel recently that if Gibson dramatizes the
rebellion, we'll lose. We meaning the... How do you like that? So he figures made 200 million off
Jesus. Now why not make a couple of million off the Jews too? What an equal op. Sure. Oh, here's a
cute story. A French artist allegedly traumatized by last week's Spain bombings was convicted of
trying to run over a pedestrian. He must look for Osama bin Laden and was ordered to pay the man
$615. This is true. It's from the A&P. The 35-year-old identified only as Pierre was sentenced to
the day by a court in the southern France city of Montpellier to a three-month suspended prison term.
The man said he tried to run over was unharmed. Pierre's lawyer David Mendel said his client was
the victim of a hallucination while driving Monday through Montpellier's historic center. The
victim of man in his thirties was able to run from the oncoming car which crashed along the side
of a street. If it was bin Laden we would have won five million dollars Mendel said we free
to a reward. The matured train bombings which killed her while we know that. I like that. He
thought he was running over Osama Yamama and maybe it was for the reward. Here's another cute
story. Can we do a cute story while I will anyway? Why may say again the thing about Dick Cheney,
hey, Duff, you and Clarex better put your heads together. Okay, if I can say that.
Because it has to do with the usage of the word. There's another word on there too that we use
on the station. In fact, Mad Dogs is I am a one of those. And it depends on the usage of the
word. See, but rather than that, let's just put a whole list of words. So that pretty soon,
all you'll be able to say is that. Nothing else. In fact, rather than sending us the list of words,
I got a much easier idea. I know what you're thinking. Why not just send us a Dick Cheney,
right? Of words we can. I'm sorry. Why not just send us a big fat
cheney? A word cheney. A frustrated Afghan soldier who couldn't afford to get married has been
released without charge in Kabul after being caught having sex with the donkey police said Tuesday.
The soldier who was not identified was detained for several days last week after a young boy
spotted him with the animal and an abandoned house in the southeastern town of Gardez.
The man insists they had no other choice but the donkey because he couldn't afford to pay a
dowry to get married to a local police officer told Reuters. The man has since been released
without charge. In many parts of Afghanists, they minimums pay at least $3,000 to the parents of
their prospective bride, making marriage difficult for many in a country where the average annual income
is just a few hundred bucks. Under the strict Islamic rule of the fundamentalist Taliban regime
overthrew it in 2001, sex outside of marriage or bestiality were punished by stoning the death or
flogging. Excellent. Let's get it on the 2020 this week. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. Look at that 79.3% none of the above,
not offended by any of those words or sounds but that means over 20% were offended. Oh gee,
I feel so bad. Don't you feel unclean now? Like all of this time would be an offending people?
Healthy. Putting the clock back a hundred years ago, it's like going back to Oscar Wilde's time.
I don't believe that you run him out of time. They just like ass-regor people.
There's other kind of people that you run out of time washing.
In a regal, they're talking about that Tennessee County wants to run them fangs out of town,
Ria County. Commissioners may reconsider their vote tonight as the story on CNN. I have to
think about it a little while because even the people down the street that you just heard,
they don't count the idea. Little un-American. T.W. that word's got 51.
As far as offensive on our poll, Fart Sounds and the P.U. Word 19, the P.U.S. Word,
CO word 10, D.Bag 7, A whole 5, S.Bag 3, the D.W. Word, Chinese first name 3,
the PR word which is the same thing 3, hard cheese to figure out too. And the B.U.B.
The T.I. Word don't have any. It's got to make fun out of 587 votes even after all those injuries
they've caused. Well that's because they've been looking at Jew bear more and they think,
what's offensive about that? None. Well the injuries that were caused to the little children
of the country watching the Super Bowl have time show you back and you could put it on board.
I can Justin's Tinkerbell. WQ Ann, hello.
Yes, Neil. Speaking. Hey Neil, I just want to give you a report of state
troopers or fix to have a field day south out of 95 under the I'm dairy overpass with the radar gun.
Thanks for the good news, Pallee. You got to have a nice day.
And you too. Well that's a good big report for you haven't had to make those lately.
They're fixing to do it. Still something we can do right.
What? Get caught speeding yet you can still do that.
49 94 were just six signatures away from 5,000 per Florida.
We're way ahead in New York. See I just see I don't listen to Howard because first of all he's not
on the ear here and even if I were there I wouldn't be listening plus he's not there either.
And I'm certainly not going to go online and go through that song and it ends to try to hear his show.
But I just am curious since you know we had that call from Scott who called this show yesterday
morning who started this stop FCC.com thing this petition drive. Why aren't they pushing them or
they got a link to it on the freestere.com website but why aren't they pushing it?
Is it just because it's not all about Howard? Is that what it is? You think?
That might be it because when New York State is only got 3827 people who have signed that
petition something really stinks in New York and I'm not talking about just the weather.
And you'll be pleased to know the sun is shining here in Toronto and we didn't get any of that snow
that Buffalo Rupstead New York getting again. We only got about a half an inch the other night when
they got like a foot they got a foot in Buffalo. Whatever you do all your little kids out there don't
ever get caught dead in Buffalo or alive as even worse. It's bad it blows. Can we say that? No.
It stinks. If you're really starving and you want a real feast but don't want to spend all day
cooking up a storm in the kitchen Emerald Coast wants to do it for you they'll cook it up.
I like you've never seen. Stir it out with any or all of their six fantastic soups like their
uh... Wanton and then sample dozens of succulent entrees including New York strip made
ordered their sizzling Asian grill the new seafood say Jacques oysters on a half show Alaskan
stone crab middle neck clams jumbo shrimp scampied what is it jumbo one? Scampy every night.
If you still have room sample their handcar premiere plus their new Thai specialties are
out of this world too. No MSG no cornstarch they use only cholesterol free rolls you'll walk out
there with a big fat full stomach and a big smile on your push. There are a faith features a
full stomach bar new sushi bar fresh. Scamp cocktail too. And if you have any room at the end of this
feast believe you me it's well worth the trip to the dessert station where you'll find bells
and waffles and pies and cakes and pastries and ice cream with all your favorite toppings even
a fresh fruit it's a feast fit for a king queen of prince or princess three Emerald Coast locations
for you they're in sunrise pine island of 44th Street they're on Collins Avenue just north of
163rd and North Miami Beach and also you'll find Emerald Coast at the intersection of flamingo
and pember grotes in prestigious pember pines so take the whole family book your next business
lunch and another friends at the Emerald Coast to Ola cook and for you it's fantastic fresh delicious
take out an olive tree always available to call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 for the
unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Hi I'm Joey D formerly of Joey D in the starlight
I'm also founder of the rock and roll restaurant where we provide care and treatment for many of
the rock and roll stars you love so much in the past but whose lives have been destroyed by
crooked record companies stars like mr. D clock over here
you can plainly see why we need your help over here we have Daniel Lopetus who sang rhythm for
the govones every now and then I try to help them out it's okay Danny okay come down I will help you
please show your support by sending your checks to 442 Glenwood Avenue in Surf City our email
address is brunzwick.1 for more information just call beatwood for 5 7 8 9 thank you
27 gold doing at 5 60 WQA I'm new gymnast to get the key to the city we got 5,000 8 people by
the way of sign from Florida on stop FCC.com we went over the 5,000 mark 5 0 0 8 that's 5
8 new gymnasts to get the key to the city 3 former Romanian gymnasts to abandon for their new
appearances in a Japanese magazine and adult movie are to be offered the key to the city in
Bucharest Bucharest Mayor Tarjan Basecu Basecu says he wants to show his support for the girls
gesture of having the courage to do what they want with their lives he told the the liberte
news paper I'll give 3 gymnasts the key to the city of Bucharest after January 1 as soon as
they'll be able to come and take it the world must understand their former professional
activity and the gesture they recently did our two different things now they're allowed to do
whatever they wish with their lives the former gymnasts were criticized after they post naked for
a Japanese magazine and filmed in the nude in an adult movie which is broadcast by private TV network
the mayor of Bucharest is also a controversial figure in Romania is the man who wanted to call
all the stray dogs of the city oh that's nice call is not a cute word oh we're calling all of
those mad cows sounds like kill killing me this Earl is just the synth is facts man what kind of
drugs is Earl on this hold up I see this this whole FCC upper was just another weapon of mass
distraction more will be launched as commonsense thinkers we need to stay focused and keep person
in pushing his handlers yes man back on their heels attack attack it says attack attack a nail
get some help please Cuban Pete says do you realize you guys can't even play the young
needle bit anymore good luck we all needed now what what what is it the young needle that we can't
say oh there's probably a couple words in there starting with a do I say that in there I don't
know I don't remember I'm not gonna find out see I got a great idea I'm thinking maybe we'll
do it tomorrow take a whole show and we'll play right stop that we aren't going to be
able to play more but I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad okay I'm not going
right up to the edge mister no way no way Jose no way Jorge no chance that's one of my favorite
rights to a little pity diddy rhymes with pretty but anyway can't pay that no more I mean there's
so many of them we can't play it I'll give you one that there is a classic oh can't play
if we had the with our large gigantic staff have here on the new Roger show if we had some creative
people they could take some of these songs and like put gigantic and take out the whole word you
know we were born a level we have huh then what no it would be it would make its point it would be
amusing you know it might amuse you or not as a case might be wqm hello Neil yes sir let me turn
you down you must turn me down you must not have had CNN fired up just now I just had it on it
what did I miss Ray County Tennessee I just I just put it on I just got through I put some of
the audio on the air oh you did yes I just heard you on right after I saw that right that's
incredible there's everything's going everything's blowing up everything you know I can't say that
you're gone he said the b word can't say that can't say that no mo everything's
f***ing up as well you should have said see what we'll teach you folks it's gonna be a whole new deal
oh Jim is stark is announcing his bid to run for Clay Shaw's seat in congress today
Jim is stark an old friend of mine Bake Me Owner who served two years as vote man as mayor will
announce today his run for US Congress seat to a represented 22 against the anxious right-wing
Clay Shaw Stork 37 and then a credible run against longtime Republican incumbent E Clay Shaw
was seeking his 13th term maybe 13th and I'm lucky number Clay Stork said he decided to run because
he was unhappy with national politics we can do better as the country said Stork who on Stork's
Cafe in Bakery and Wilton Manners I've seen what's been happening as far as economics education
healthcare and environmental politics policies were heading in the wrong direction I feel feel
we need to hold these people accountable who support bad politics he said
Stork City wants to bring fresh ideas to Capitol Hill but Jim Kane a local pollster and publisher
the Florida voter newsletter said Stork chances are slim in the Republican heavy district
so wealthy district and most of the residents there tend to vote Republican
Saudi Arabia well we'll see good luck Jimmy you'll need it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 how we doing on a poll here I'm not reading the poll result as much as
usual because it's a kind of tiresome with all the initials 78% offended by none of the above
out of 642 that's not as good as it should be when you care right down to it you know what I mean
see this is the problem we got too many Luke Warren people out there okay who don't want to like
you can't like support us halfway see it's like it's like casting a half a vote for John Kerry
or I'll give you a quarter of my vote you know it's like that thing in California this
term we had to about the one let 14 year olds vote but they're only going to count 14 year olds
like we're a third of a vote and if you're 15 to 17 like a half a vote remember that right
same thing I'll give a half a vote to Kerry in about a tenth of a vote to Bush and a hundredth
of a vote to nature well I mean what is that well we support you Neil but we sure don't like those
sounds oh see first of all the T.W. word we don't say on this show the P.U. word is used only
in a totally different context fart sounds I have no problem with those and it's very sad that we
got to get rid of those because they're funny 21 people said they're offended by that what you know
uptown with you I think they're funny as hell give me a little chuckle especially when you get
one way you don't even expect it you know yeah of the C.O. word 13 D.Bag 9 A.H.O.6 which means
sunny fox ain't listening no mo in fact that's that's a good one for us to play what the hell is it
here it is hi this is sunny fox I listen to you Rodgers because I can hear the word yeah that's what you
think right I got that quick figure a finger sunny believe you me in fact every time I think a
sunny fox I hold it straight up in the air that finger 20 p.m. is 560 your station for the new millennium Q.A.M.
I'm anywhere's the Neil Rodgers
you
no hand there's no need to feel down or have no feet you can touch us around a new eyeball
so put your glass eyeball down there's a place you can be happy flatters there's a special
for some fingers it's double coupons they get your buying listen 10 parts you'll find you can use
their new express line the silver body parts of you see L.A. the silver body parts of you see L.A.
they have everything from a thumb to a jaw all you need is your own top you get your body parts of
you see L.A. on sorts of body parts of you see L.A. you can get a new heart even a naughty part you
can put it on your credit card
1146 14 to the 560 W.A.M. 560 7.05 60 pound 560 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line
here's a great article by Charles Fraser in the new nation gift wrapping islamophobia don't let
me forget to read that before the end of the artifact maybe I'll do it right now or should I take
a call W.A.M. hello
what is it
oh yeah we'll get you something okay first that he's got plenty I'm sure he does he's got
probably he's not pro that he's a funny guy he's one of Georgia's good friends WQM hello
Neil yes sir hey I just wanted to make a suggestion to you you know you can't play a lot
of the bits because of the fascist comedy communications well anyway you know you have a
lot of the bits on on your website at least people will be able to listen to them on the website
yeah well we were we were kicking around the idea of making up a fact now that we got there we
can do one every month we can do the disc of the month you know yeah or like you know you have
a bunch of them on there now just you know I know there's a lot of bits that you play just
taking you know switch them around every so often often on the website yeah that's
possibility we can have the the hit the in fact we could put it everyone on there every day yeah
I mean at least people will still be able to hear the ones now that that we can hear because
because of FCC exactly well that did to carry us out of the year 3500 yeah exactly okay thanks
palie all right see you here's the facts from a very very chronic facts where it says I have a
fun farewell to the most classic bit that we'll not be able to play anymore the Wayne Heisenga
pool song is gone oh yeah well this this memo today I mean this element is so many more I mean we
said as of yesterday we thought about 70% of the of the 5,000 comedy bits that we have in the
end drop-ins and the VCS were gone I'd say now it's more like about 90% when you sure 80 at least
I mean I just just take a look here what I got on here put that thing away can't play that
for sure no pee in the well pee of can't play that push bananas you know where can't play that we
can't play this isn't it funny how some taste just take you back like when you were a teenager remember
sitting on your porch on a cool summer evening popping a zit with your fingers and eating it
well the great taste is back at the fuss balance yes delicious creamy soft serve puss in a
with your choice of toppings all the great taste of your body you enjoyed as a kid like warm hero
wax scab chips and our new booker bits the puss palace ice cream you scream we all scream for
puss okay now see we can play that although I find that a lot more disgusting and offensive than
any of the things on this list here but nevertheless what a wino and I noticed that the anti-people
which is so typical of soft soda the anti-people now that I made that comment which was a mistake
on my part but I don't care now we down to 76.8% say none of the above will find none of this
stuff offensive yeah exactly all we're gonna show you now we're gonna call all our neighbors and
let them vote on their hats okay because it's not gonna change anything anyway 701 votes though in an
hour and a half even even Josh can't believe that it's amazing 701 an hour and a half look not
only go over a thousand they will go like I don't even want to predict where we're gonna go
maybe the hell on a hand basket anyway go get them there we'll thank you very much chronic
factors thank you so much and this guy hates Wayne like poison and I second that emotion old
Baldi we hate you okay let me get into this because I don't want to back myself up against the
break I hate when I do that it's not that long Jiles Fraser gift wrapping Islamophobia about the
religious right in the new nation he says it all sounds innocent enough operation Christmas
child is a unique ministry that brings Christmas joy packed in gift filled shoe boxes to children
around the world over the past 10 years 24 million shoe boxes have been delivered making it the
world's largest children's Christmas project every US president since Ronald Reagan has packed
the shoe box for operation Christmas child in the UK thousands of schools churches new clubs are
doing the same some will fill the boxes with dried out felt it pens and discarded Barbie amputees
others spend serious money on the latest Game Boy or Sony Walkman but one many parents and teachers
don't know is that behind operation Christmas child is the evangelical charity Samaritan's purse
their aim is the advancement of the Christian faith through educational project in the relief of
poverty and a particular toxic version of Christianity it is this is the same outfit that targeted
Eastern Europe after the fall of Berlin wall and was widely condemned for following US troops into
Iraq to claim Muslims for Christ it's run by the Reverend Franklin Graham chosen by George Bush
to deliver the prayers at his presidential inauguration who is called Islam a very wicked and evil
religion Graham the son of evangelist Billy Graham is from the same school of thought as general
William Boykin US deputy undersecretary defense for intelligence who described America as waging a
holy war against the idol of Islam's false god and a guy called Satan who wants to destroy us as a
Christian army across the UK children and multicultural schools are being encouraged to support a scheme
that is quite understandably deeply offensive to Muslims under pressure from those who've
complained that Operation Christmas Child is a way of promoting Christian fundamentalism through
toys evangelical literature will not be distributed alongside shoe box parcels from the UK rather
than inside them is if this really makes any difference little wonder that such organizations as the
fire service in south Wales which had allowed its depots to be used as collection points for shoe boxes
has decided to suspend its involvement other organizations are reconsidering their participation too
what is most resented about Samaritan's purses the way it links aid to event and evangelism we have
no problem with people going into a country to do a evangelical work said hold on Hassan spokesman
for the council on American Islamic relations but when you mix humanitarian work in a war torn
country with evangelism you create a problem you have desperate people and you have someone who has
food in one hand in a Bible and another Christian missionaries in the 19th century India used to
describe those who came to the mission station simply as for food as rice Christians this became a
derogatory term for those driven to accept Christianity out of hunger rather than genuine conviction the
accusation is that such groups such as Samaritan's purses are creating a new generation of rice
Christians in the Middle East how might they be stopped the answer is not quite as simple as erecting
a firewall between Christian evangelism and social action for Christianity is not neatly divisible in
the theory and practice it's a form of praxis belief in action are ultimately inseparable ironically it
is the story of the good Samaritan that provides one of the most effective putdowns to precisely the
sort of Islamophobia display by Christian fundamentalists such as Graham Jesus is as to his my neighbor
the moral of the story he tells in response at least the one most people remember from Sunday school
is that it is the man who is beaten up and left for dead that Jesus points to his neighbor
conclusion we must help those in need but that's not the story at all a man is mugged in the
wadi kelta between Jerusalem and Jericho whereas the religious past by and do nothing it is the
Samaritan who offers care those listening to the story would have despised Samaritan the words good
and Samaritan just didn't go together indeed there is would have been the general boykin reaction
that Samaritan's worship the idol of a false god therefore when casting the Samaritan is the only
passive by with compassion Jesus is making all out of salt on the prejudices of his listeners if
the story was just about helping the needy whoever they are would have been sufficient to cast the
Samaritan as the victim and a Jewish layperson as the person who had helped crucially however the
hated Samaritan is held up as the moral exemplar conclusion we must overcome religious
bigotry the story of the bits of Miran in the hands of Franklin Graham is conscripted as propaganda
for the superiority of Christian compassion to the brutal indifference of other religions
along almost the opposite of the purpose of the story what is astonishing is that Christian fundamentalists
have managed to persuade millions that their warped version of Christianity is the real thing
and that mainstream churches have sold out to the secular spirit of the age the truth is quite the
reverse U.S. evangelicals employ selective biblical literalism to support the theology that
systematically confuses the kingdom of God with U.S. is burgeoning empire it is no coincidence that
the mission fields most favored by U.S. evangelicals are also the targets of the
conservative military ambition to use Jesus as the rallying cry for new imperialism is the most
shameful reversal of all for he was murdered by the forces of empire the crossbook of Roman
power and just the way black hawk helicopters speak today of U.S. power schools and churches that
are getting their children involved in operation christmas child need to be aware of the agenda their
participation is helping to promote there is of course a huge emotional hit in wrapping up a
shoebox for a christmas child but if we're to teach our children properly about giving we must
wean them off the feel good factor instead why not support christian aid which works with whatever
the need in regardless of religion its current campaigns include working with HIV age orphans in
Kenya recycling guns in Mozambique and highlighting the impact of the world trade rules on farmers in
Ghana sure we'll have to have some rather grown up conversations with our children if we're to
explain some of these things but that would be time better spent than wrapping up a shoebox we
must get over our fondness for churrie and develop a thirst for justice the Reverend dr. jiles
Fraser vicar of putneyland lecturer in philosophy at waterm college in oxford england how do you
like that a good story uh good boy yeah 76.9% were down under 77% of people who find out of the
stuff offensive because we can't say shit no more in this radio station and in this country
and the public is more like that how are we doing on stop fcc.com we're making some progress there
on our campaign over 5,000 I know that that thing should be so jammed up man remember yesterday
yes I did 5,043 I mean since last time I looked at it we got like 35 more people not good enough
not good enough we got tera in my any whom I thank profusely the other ones are like from other places
on last five over 53,000 300 signatures on that petition and I'll tell you one thing if what happened
in the last 24 hours just to this show and on this radio station if that's enough to motivate you
then guess what it ain't gonna happen
the state goldstein if you can call me tell me whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I
am in town it's the 12 to 1 hour ladies and gentlemen if I could offer only one tip for the future
act strange and people will leave you alone the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable
than my own meandering experience put a slinky round your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards
head first sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and singing feelings while the kernels go
snuff crackle and pop go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head through the hole where
they say how much lick a stranger tell him you're from Bosnia and your country it's a sign of respect
take lots of pills one of them might work occasionally ask a stranger they've heard anything from
Lewis be annoying during an IRS audit staple the guy's hand to his desk moon a funeral play go fetch
with a scene I dog while he's working run naked through a mall yelling killer bees killer bees
say the word titty without smiling all was trying to figure out who said Paulie Shores should
star in movies I don't don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids
ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries then try to make a run for it disappear for great
lengths of time try to touch your forehead with your tongue it may not work but many women will
appreciate the effort at a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still
leaving your homework ask Mark McGuire he'll take a million dollars for one of his books try to find
the secret to keratops success understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted
and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out try not to lose your finger in your nose
pick up Bob Costas and toss him on the long next door go on a car trip with Bob Costas and
force of the stainless car seat try to dribble Bob Costas ask all your friends and family for forgiveness
knowing you you've done some crap that's really estimat wish no ill willed anyone unless you don't
like them then school they're on their own realize anyone who says they're completely happy
are completely full of crap ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that
understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them
sniff an old lady imagine Gomer Pyle in a gay bar trying to get lucky do this without laughing
find what's left of your innocence understand it embrace it detected and it is so often take it
out for a nice nash caratop not to care hung while you eat
that strange and people will leave you alone now did you dump that before yes I did good good going
see now I got your son nervous now he dumped the ti word well it's on the list well no it really
isn't it's a connection with the word bar but nevertheless we don't want to take no chances do we
know it's not where they mean that they mean it well they mean it they better say we don't have any
room for gray areas on the right you know what i'm saying fly we don't want to be like in the
Atlantic we don't want to be in the indian ocean we want to be Pacific all right we want
specifics on it's not like well uh don't say it along with this and don't the potushi on your
pasta you know stuff like that with all due respect to those brainy lawyers over there that's much
you know worth a lot of other things they would know a radio somebody bottom one
anyway this is a good fact so i like this i appreciate the sentiment i appreciate it
says an email that i sent to all my friends i hope he's got a lot of friends says if you enjoy
your freedom of speech if you like to not so clean jokes that you get via email if you enjoy
shows radio tv cable and satellite that are not tv and or the christian voice 24 hours at a seven
days week then you'd better act fast because the fcc is clamping down so much and will continue to
do so until it's the only thing you can watch we don't live in a ran where women have to cover
up at all the tv and radio broadcasts are clean religious and pure we turn to these media outlets
for news netter taman whether you think that Janet Jackson Super Bowl slip was a little over the
top or not it doesn't permit the fcc to take our rights away and make this live under restrictions
that'll make us feel like the amish or even the people that are making it that are living in a
ran in a rack if you want to continue to live in the land of the free you must visit this website
and sign the petition that's on there and then it's got the stop the fcc.com ps i usually can't
stand emails that ask you to send them to other people so you can see something is funny appear
on your screen but this one is important and if you don't sign the petition forward the
email to people you know something really sad will appear on your tv said really soon
sign someone that cares nice going pali excellent job ava here's the fact that says from another
chronic chronic factor Alex why does anyone ever mention Bush's drug program on his right wing show
a russia's drug really it pisses me off not because they screened calls and generally speaking
they're not going to put that crap on there are they they're all set up they're all can try
right hey Neil are any of the mobots clean up for the radio it's amazing that with all of this crap
going on all your show hosts so don't acknowledge that any but look at look at that
isn't that something by what do you expect from them they're doing sports shows
they don't acknowledge any of it and all they talk about is David Boston it's getting ridiculous
with the jox nifers is Alex like i said nice job Alex yeah how about a little bit of support from all
the other people on this radio station who are just as outrageous the point to just going on and
saying oh well that don't affect me i'm not worried about it right great here the scores from last
night six to four three to two three to two over time well that was the worst or four three
and over time that was the worst school that Atlanta gave up Norman and Nurendon whatever's
name is and over time anyway you saw that didn't you saw what here's one from Peter can you play
the bush inspect your bit ride Peter all dream on sweetheart are you crazy or what
Sunday's poison inspector man that ain't even close you want to hear that no mo
here's another fact that says paste is URL and you guys will love it and what what is it i don't
know i'm not gonna go past and and peach bush you're on all it's okay great just just come down
to the boat here we got plenty of our own fish to fry here all right those of you think this
is gonna be the the dumping ground the catalyst for all these political movements and we're gonna
change the more they and i'll cut the crap we're having enough time just keeping a damn station
on a year and i don't say crap anymore no but maybe once an hour oh look at that we're up over
77 77.1 percent support the show none be above see if you if you really support the show you're not
going to vote for any of these other words or parts or stuff like that you're not going to vote for
that so that means that a quarter of the audience out there which i don't know why they listen
why they would suggest themselves because all of those other things well not all of millottamina
we never even said see what i'm saying right some people like to be offended that's why they're
listening so they can defend them for it and obviously we're not going to do nearly as good of a
job now that we can't say or play all of these things what it'd be weak can't play all of these things
right let me play that uh let's see fart sounds 25 so you see this is bogus that's totally bogus
we just got a bunch of naysayers out there little chillin playing games probably Greg is on their
voting probably he probably out here and if anybody that building is farting a lot these days it's him
oh oh guaranteed it's really interesting but like reach over here where they used to be on the
bottom of a fat and they're just not there anymore i mean i can put a damn god nice that
curve back from the old ws you went in Tampa days damn god curve who finally got married by that
silly abroad over there with a short skirt right Susie Susie short skirt
brain enzyme a fat fighting tool this is promising for us fat folks maybe oh
every time i see a story like this i immediately print it out i sit there like
please please scientists and enzyme in the brain and monitors energy and cells also appears to
regulate appetite and weight a discovery that could lead to new treatments for obesity
all right the enzyme is known as AMP activated protein kinase or AMP key
aka AMP key
never heard of Lewis AMP key Louis AMAFI a guy
its activities regulated by the hormone leptin which is previously linked to appetite
suppression harvard research has found an experiments with mice then when AMP was
inhibited the animals ate less and lost weight when AMP key levels were boosted the mice ate
more and gained weight Barbara B. Khan later on the study said the work identifies a new leptin
signaling pathway and promised a new target in humans promise a new target it'll affect drug
development and approaches for new productions and treatments concept dr. David Culling's university
Washington obesity researcher was not involved in the work said the findings complement research
in Britain in which the hormone grelan an appetite stimulating hormone was also found to affect
amkey levels some researchers believe that AMP kinase might be more effective in weight control
than leptin because it works more directly on appetite signaling at the end of the biochemical
pathway in the brain well let's get some okay let me try some right now okay give me a bunch
call up willman see if he's got some got some good crap left over
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line over up to 77.3% if we don't get over 80% by the
end of the show today at two o'clock supporting us then George is leaving yeah oh that was a
bad idea like I said if we don't get over 80% then George is staying see that they're trying to
figure that out well what does that mean I mean 780 votes in less than two hours Josh 780 votes
and keep in mind that only one little teeny tart tart part of our audience can actually vote
how are we doing on that stop FCC calm business huh and I know there are a lot of people out there
oh we're not gonna waste our time with that they won't do nothing well what's your idea okay
miss or mister what are you doing about it it's gonna be really great when all you're gonna be
here is dr Franklin Graham on your radio on every channel and that right wing James Dobson
and dr. Kennedy there from the House of Anti-Semitism and Coural Ridge that's all you're gonna have
on your radio one of these days pretty soon if you don't get with it like they got it sent that
email out to all of his friends both of them 5,086 we moved about 1255 ahead of New York and again
this isn't it's not a contest I made it into a little bit to try to like stimulate people to you know
go on on top of it thanks to Kenneth and homestead and Bruce in the torch key
little torch key you know what that is I remember little dooscoop yeah it's right down there kind of
you know down you know little torch key we got 53,497 signatures on scots stop FCC dot competition
and we're starting to close in a little bit on California they got 8,770 we got 5,086
and I guarantee after another couple weeks of this go by will be right on top we'll be leading the way
and what are the other people around the country doing about that's what I like to know
what's this firm idea doing how come he's got a link to it there on his free steering dot
com but he's not plugging a hell out of this he could have if he's so powerful as he claims he is
and he could be if he wanted to how come this thing isn't going over the top big time how come
they're not blowing the damn guts out of this website with the petitions with signatures huh
this isn't about the erudgers this isn't about Bob and Tom or Bubba loves funger Howard
sir and I keep counting that every day it's about fascism man it's right there in front of your face
you can't say this and you can't do that you can't play the fart sounds we've been doing these
things for 20 some years Bob good man all of a sudden somebody just decided out of nowhere
where you can't do that it's not decent based on what and if you do we'll find you 50-30
dollars Jesus Christ based on what based on a bunch of bureaucratic clowns who sat around and
just made it up as they went along what the rest of the public was and look at this there you go
our great military leader rallying the troops man who was a wall and he's standing out there
in the full regalia who the hells he can I in full room yeah 12 13 at 560 WQM if you're in a dead-end
job and believe you may don't get in a radio as bad as it was before don't even think about it now
if you're underpaid overwork you don't have two nickels to rub together here's the answer for you
fast-ranked you could get you trained in a new high-paying computer network professional
career and they can do it in as little as four months that's right just make that one easy call
get off your ass because you can be fully trained and ready for a new career in by the middle of
July fast-rain offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule they offer job
placement assistance and financial aid for people who qualify who needed fast-rains got seven
convenient locations to serve you so if you're not making squat if your boss is a schmuck which
is probably the truth don't delay pick up that phone and call him today check him out of the
web first if you like at fast-rain.com and then make that call to continue life a round in just
four short months you can have yourself some real training a real career and a big paycheck
call him today one eight six six fast-trained and be sure to tell him that Todd direct told you to call
my and look all this is 440516 WQM 2AM
出来
yok
bh
Deals for those sea and being on the grandmother's
world draws a diocia play-ligt
The inner recognition of the German border,
is the title of the war in the war.
Yes, these are the sounds of a glorious time
that has been overcome.
Do not be disturbed. There is only one clear channel.
Example of I, you many choices that are being determined by
a fact, many ladies, white guys, who know best,
but you should see a hero.
How low time are we?
I loved the 19th world.
Why can't you get me quiet, better?
1219, 560 W.A.M.
Join the, what is this?
Catch all the NCAA action today.
Join us, join somebody.
For the singular wireless fans,
Jammit, David Buster's, and Hollywood.
Entered a win of 52-inch TV with surround sound 300 dollars
cash, your kids underway two of the mad dog,
followed by the bookstored four.
Plus while you're there, enjoy a $5.60 cents per day.
You've got that $5.60. That's cute.
And David Buster's in the Hollywood, the sack, no, 2 to 6.
Anyway, you know that W.E.B.N. website that I read so proudly in the
Audi Audi, that the commission is after them, that clear channel
station since then.
Do you remember that?
Yes, I do.
Well, guess what?
All of that stuff that was on their website?
Yes.
Come on.
It's all gone.
Because Eric emailed me and said, if you got that,
please set it to me because I'd like to use some of the material
which I did.
I hope you got it, Eric. I fax it to you.
But it's gone because I went out there myself.
I thought Eric must be going to the wrong place.
And I went to W.E.B.N. dot commoners, the regular regret.
Nothing even refru-
Nothing even refru-
Any of that.
Wow.
What is this grace?
What a shock.
Be a fr-
To 77% percent on there who aren't offended by anything.
Let's see. It says,
Uh-huh.
Big L.
Not even that on the air big L.
You better watch your facts as two folks
because the facts police might intercept and you might
wind up in a who's got with Martha Stewart,
a better figure than death.
Most don't forget to check out your bear more on our behind-the-beated curtain today.
Well, you can.
Most people have cell phones.
Those are broadcast.
So,
see where I'm going?
What?
Language on your cell phones.
The FCC is going to try to regulate that any minute now.
Oh, of course.
It's broadcast.
Oh, you can't say f-
Anybody you're talking to on a cell phone?
Forget about that.
They'll be knocking on your dough in no time at all.
We have a warning.
We're not going to heaven's door at the house.
Here's the fact from Lydia says,
two days ago, I made a bad mistake due to curiosity.
I went to see the passion.
It was horrendous.
The movie has no story or acting.
It was just a gruesome bloody and exaggerated torture movie impossible to watch.
And the actor who plays Jesus,
reminded me of the musician Yanny.
So I kept thinking,
stop torturing the poor guy.
But the most unsettling thing was all these parents at the movie theater with their little kids.
I saw three, five, eight-year-old kids objected to watching two hours of lashing,
beating, kicking, hand-nailing, bone breaking, and chunks of flesh flying in blood everywhere.
So realistic that I had to cover my eyes.
These parents should be arrested for child abuse.
Once again, the right wing fanatic message to feel guilty says Lydia.
Nice going, Lydia.
Don't do it again.
How do you like that?
See, they're worried about us saying all of these words for making fart sound.
That's bad.
We're going to go to jail.
We're going to get fined.
Like that.
But taking your little kids to see a bunch of whipping and flashing and flailing and flesh flying everywhere in church.
That's great because it's good old time religion.
That's kind of the subject of South Park last night.
So there's the whole deal, the idea on the one hand,
the same people that are taking their kids to see this craft of religious crazy people.
They don't want us to say f***ing squat.
Look at that phone.
Maybe is that phone on fire or what?
Not, huh?
I don't know what it takes to light a fire on you.
People, that's what I said in that letter.
I sent to the SunCellow which they have in front of you.
I probably won't.
They're probably afraid to talk.
Who's that?
These people, I don't blame them.
I don't blame them.
77.5% say none of the above.
Let me, I probably should read this memo again.
Because if people didn't listen to the very beginning, they don't understand the poll.
I'm a little harsh on the audience out there because if they came in in midstream,
they don't understand the purpose of that poll.
I didn't just pull this out of my earlobe, okay?
Or any other orifice.
We have a memo from Josh Darrow and Duff Lindsay.
And of course, they're just doing it because they're, they're lackeys of the QAM establishment.
The corporate attorneys have instructed them to instruct us to pass it by us.
We've been informed from our corporate attorneys that in addition to the so-called 7-Dirty words,
the following words and sound effects are considered course language and are prohibited.
No exceptions.
Zero tolerance.
The words are PR, I, I can't tell you the rest.
D.I., a Chinese first name.
T.I. Bar.
P.U.S., I can't tell the rest.
Hard, I can't say the rest.
A whole D, D bag.
Set and set.
That's the part of it.
S bag, T.W., CO, and fart noises.
So here now we have 10 more words and fart noises which we had 7.
So we got 17 new prohibitions to head to the already 7 we had before.
And I'm sure that this isn't the end yet.
Not the end.
No, not that end.
So that's why we took this poll today because we had to prove a point.
And it started out about 82, 83% of the people found none of these offensive
in terms of their listening on this show.
I don't think a lot of people really understand that plus of course we have the naysayers
who just want to make us feel like crap.
You know, we're all your discussion.
We're listening but you're disgusting.
Right what does the McKay sense to me?
We have 851 votes.
Holy moly, do you see that?
I do.
It's only talked 24.
660, once they none of the above 77.6% and if you have your computer to take a look at the list
because I'm not going to go through the whole of verbal gymnastics to read them again.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I just slipped it out about all that the crumple of it's going on.
The only thing that makes me think that there's some light at the end of the tunnel.
What's that?
Well the last election, like my wife has a bunch of moron and like hippie friends
that are like earth people tree huggers that were voting for like Nader and all these idiots,
you know, because I'm principal.
But and I had a friend of mine who was super right wing.
I was buying all that crap about the defense spending and all the other bull crap
that you hear that they showed that on throws.
Even these two people that are considered absolute morons,
even they have seen the light because I've spoken to both of them.
And even they even they can see what's going on.
You know that the tree hugger is not going to vote for Nader and the right wing guy is actually fed up with what's going on because of the censorship.
So the only thing we can hope for is that the rest of the world is not going to get blinded.
The rest of the country won't be blinded by the crap all of them.
Well well well that's part of it and the second part yet hope is that the Democrats grow some cajones between now and then.
Because they're they're equally guilty in this whole thing as far as the censorship is concerned.
They don't have the cajones yet to say no.
You're absolutely right and I don't hurt you mentioned it at nausea.
But you know I know there's people out there listening to you that are pro-bushed and are going to vote for Bush no matter what happens.
Because they're afraid and I'll tell you what.
Wait a minute they're afraid of what?
No I think the phrase that they're going to vote for Bush no matter what because they're afraid of carry because they think carry is soft on the war.
But you know look at look at the facts Bush and chain all these chicken hawks as they're called because they've never said one day in the war.
Carry Ben there and seen it and the only reason he didn't vote for those for those for those those war those bills for the defense spending because they tacked on all those writers.
Where is it the no the no compete clause all bushes bodies could have the contracts right.
So do you remember that everybody when you think carry soft on the war he's not something to worry.
So I'm pushing his buddy.
You got a war hero against the guy who just a stage photo looks like he's doing right now thanks a lot pal.
I think you're being up to man every every man of stations right wing it's driving me crazy the only voice of sanity.
I'm going nuts.
I love you man.
Stick with us.
200,000 Iraqis including 78,000 new police are protecting their fellow citizens.
Right like all the ones that are dead bleeding the liner in the streets you go W you tell them.
The idea that he's standing there in a damn military outfit and just enough to drive me crazy.
Just enough to drive you up the old wall just enough to make you click on that dancing bushing on our website.
Well it's a pretty real little bit of a dance.
It's a flat jacket.
Yeah he's got to get a lot of fly hopefully this year.
Make no mistake about that.
Especially in November if we count some of the votes.
We're only counting the ones that are carried by the way I hate to break the news.
The enough for later not for more.
We're not counting those this time.
How do you like that?
Nah nah nah nah nah yeah.
It's called get even time W.
You phony you crook you in a whole crooked bush family man.
The gonsa mishbhaha.
Crooks are us.
27 past noon a QM it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from our friends at financial group.
The benefits are positively in credible.
You pay zero closing costs.
Zero application fee.
Zero credit bureau fee.
Zero discounted points.
Get yourself that new unbelievable low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only 3.34 a month.
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere 6.60.
The item up and don't forget once you read financial you get a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again.
So call 1 866 395 lend.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move to your next property with no further cost or expense you pay.
Zero underwriting fee zero docks fee zero closing cost even when you move to another property.
Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25%.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again.
Call them right now.
There's no obligation to be having to give you all the details called tool free.
1 866 395 lend.
That's 1 866 395 LED.
The Renewable Housing Lender restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
Find a local of this.
This is 560.
The radio's on your side.
QM.
Canada.
A land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performers.
And now these legendary conducts pay tribute to one another on this new CD.
The best of Canadians singing other Canadians featuring Ann Murray's version of this rush classic.
A modern day warrior means try to pay time for your mean me cry.
And Russia's take on this Ann Murray standard.
You need me.
You need me.
The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Zedu.
A. White Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number.
Oh, Span, look at my life.
You're a lot like my husband, right?
New young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit.
I know that my heart of gold will go on.
But it's not all.
There's Shania Twain singing Brian Adams.
Crash Chess Dummies doing the lattice more set.
Snow wrapping the guest who and Gordon White put performing this bear naked ladies smash hit.
There's been one way since you looked at me.
Put your head to the side and said, I am angry.
People have your copy of the best of Canadians singing other Canadians.
The great white North has never been so great.
For that matter, so white.
Co. 33, 27, 1 at 560 W.Q.M. Ad Dog at 2 from Medved Buster's booster at 4 and then the rest of the stuff.
Look at that full of manage.
It's just smoking W.Q.M. Hello.
Not there. Nobody on it.
Not one call.
See, that's the price you pay, man, when you start doing these campaigns, when you start doing a crusade,
when you try to get a little bit too serious like the sky is falling, they don't care.
Can you believe that?
Yeah, I believe it.
I think that's going to be on the list tomorrow.
The dial tone, definitely.
It's going to be on the list of noises.
See, the fart noise was just the beginning of the next list of sounds you can't make.
No more on a monopoeia.
Like, I'm definitely not.
No way.
Not no more.
W.Q.M. Hello.
I've got a lot of gas.
I hope Michael Powell is happy for you, Woody.
W.Q.M. Hello.
Yeah, you know, I just can't believe what's going on with all this stuff.
I just got to tell you.
W.Q.M. Hello.
Dr. Dumptet.
What's up, buddy?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Is Neil there?
Neil who?
Neil Rogers.
Speaking.
Speaking. You got him.
Oh, what's up?
I'm sorry about that.
I don't know.
Don't be sorry, man.
It's one of them things, you know.
Second generation list and a multiple call it.
All right.
Crazy, man.
This censorship thing is crazy.
Not to beat a dead horse, but I know we're not a lot of here far-times.
But what about the Barney pit?
You can't barney, no.
Right.
No chance.
No chance.
You mean Barney takes a f***ing low away.
OK, well, I just thought I'd ask.
Don't ask.
Don't ask.
And we won't tell.
How do you like that?
We can't tell.
No, we can't tell you.
In fact, I think I got a, I'm going to have to stick this in the 360 one moment.
Just, uh, forgot about it.
Yeah.
There you go.
So no matter what you ask, if you want to hear it,
forget about it.
Because we can't play it no more.
We can play no more, though, which is good.
At least until tomorrow.
We can play no more.
Till it if that's the body.
No, no, no.
Now, I have some good news, though.
Yeah, good.
There's a little thing on my copy of this memo, which you didn't see.
And that is if one of these words gets on the ear,
the person who says it, not the person who plays it or the person who's hosting the show,
the person who plays it or who says it, whose voice it's in,
that's the person that's going to be fired immediately.
So for example, if you were to play you, see what I'm saying.
Now, he can thank me for having a quick finger there.
The moment because he said you see.
So you better start kissing around or right place,
mom, and because if your voice gets on her saying you cool,
that's going to be the end of your sorry old ass.
See how I got that all in there, but kind of backward.
77.7%.
That's not good enough.
That ain't going to do it.
It might be okay.
Wabc 77.
But that ain't going to cut it for us.
None of the above 708.
How many votes we got on there now?
9-11.
9-11.
Reception.
From the 101st Airborne Division, now you know why they're called the Screaming Eagles.
Yeah, we already know.
That was great.
We know why they're called the Screaming Eagles.
Yeah, that might be it.
5-670560.
That will, foot away with words he's got.
I mean, a funny guy.
77.7% my ass.
That is lame.
That's the kind of support we got out there.
Luke Warm, man.
Really Luke Warm.
WQM, hello.
WQM, hello.
Have you applied for your marriage license with Georgia?
Yeah, WQM, hello.
Yes, what do you want?
QAM, hello.
Hello, Niels.
Yes, sir.
Mother of Frony Voice.
So that's the end of that.
That was a lot of fun.
Huh?
I'm sure glad you did that.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure glad I decided to take a lot of these great calls.
Because when I saw that there was not one call on the board, that was the message.
We'd like a message.
Boy, it said, we have no more material.
We have nothing else to say.
Well, thank you very much for your enthusiastic support and excitement.
WQM, hello.
Hi, Niels.
Yes, sir.
Niels, how about this as a theory?
The nation is supposedly very divided right now, very equally.
You know, Republican Democrats, you know what happened to the actual members of the election last year.
I have this feeling that starting here in Florida and throughout the United States,
Democrats are going to come out in much larger numbers than people expect.
I think that's already happening a lot of the primaries.
And this may end up not being as close an election as people think,
and we may be able to think about a bush.
Yeah, and then what?
What's that going to do for a freedom of speech?
Well, for one thing, we're certainly in line to have some members of the Supreme Court.
And I feel a little better knowing who is going to be putting people there.
Yeah.
Well, let me see.
What's that going to do in November, on January 22nd, next year after a Kerry would be inaugurated?
What's that going to do for freedom of speech?
Is it going to make the Democrats going to grow some balls?
Is it going to make them understand that people don't want all their freedoms taken away?
I don't think so.
Democratic Party is only one step away from being just as bad as the Republicans.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Hardly hard.
Well, I hate to think we have nowhere to turn.
If most of this repression or a large amount of it has come in recent months,
then you have to take some of that on who's in power at this point.
And when you look at the FCC,
and when you see that two of them are Democrats who are just the Michael Cops's,
just as rabid as the other ones, he's even more rabid than Michael Palabot all of this
stuff. So that doesn't give us enough of a lot of hope. That's why we're trying to get
on this petition thing going because that's one way of people threatening these politicians
before election time. Maybe they might just wake up and take a look at it. Otherwise,
forget about it because you expect the Democrats to grow up here and it's going to happen.
All these great defenders of civil liberties and freedom of speech and the First Amendment
are where the hell are they? That's what I would like to know. They're having lunchons
out there in California with San Ritzinglow, whatever their names. They're having lunchons.
That's going to really do it, baby. That's going to really solve the problem, right?
Sure. They're having teas and lunchons, man. And Wafene Old Rubber chicken. Can we say
that? No. Oh, sorry.
We're supporting you 516 UAM.
Locked up. Locked up. Locked up. Locked up.
Malthus Stewart lied. Then poor she was dry. She retained her hide.
Hell yeah, five years. She's looking at she traded inside. One testify.
She'll be doing time. Hell yeah, five years. She's looking at.
Put Malthus Stewart in a penitentiary. The next thing you know, you'll be smelling
poker ring while hanging curtains up and so blind. She'll be cooking up a new recipe.
Locked up. Walla is wonder how to get her out. She'll be in there making all the
food. She'll be in there making all the food.
She'll be in there making all the food.
She'll be in there making all the food.
She'll be in there making all the food.
She'll be in there making all the food.
She'll be in there making all the food.
She'll be in there making all the food.
You're watching this thing on CNN.
I have no about the fighters in a long Pakistan Afghanistan border in your
a lot of Islamabad, maybe protecting a high, what do they call it?
A high value, well, kind of target.
A high value of the border.
Meaning maybe Osama.
All right.
I understand what you're saying.
But that's what you're going to do.
But why won't you mind unofficially?
There may be some US troops.
Is that what you're suggesting?
I'm not, honestly, well, I am not suggesting one thing or another.
I can't honestly answer that.
Is it possible?
Sure, it's possible.
But what I can tell you is that the Pakistani government
acknowledges that when this fight began two days ago,
they did not see it as significant.
And in fact, they were routed.
They lost a number of troops.
A number of troops have been taken prisoner.
It was only after that that they realized that they had something bigger
on their hands than they first came to realize.
As you know, this is a very complicated area.
You just futile.
You're talking about something out of the 14th century,
not the 21st century.
It's an area where the Pakistani government literally
has been allowed in until the last few months
by the tribal leaders who own it.
But now they're in there.
Now they're fighting.
And now they believe at least there is a possibility,
a possibility.
Enough of a possibility that the president of the country
would state it that they have a high value target in their site.
All right, let's get them OK and fry them on TV.
What do you say?
Sure, why not?
And then maybe we'll find our summits, too.
Whoever the hell it is, just to make everybody feel better.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Not there.
QAM, hello.
Uncle Mel.
Yes, sir?
Yes, the last voice in pre-thinking America.
It was interesting.
You had a call.
A guy called in a little while ago.
And happened to mention a word concerning a slang word for homosexuals.
And that word didn't make it to the list?
No.
And the word that got that got started,
bound, stopped a year, was a slang for a African American.
And that didn't make it to the list?
No.
What a great country, huh?
Unbelievable.
Sir, let me say it again.
There shouldn't be any words on any list.
Exactly, exactly.
And it's mind-fogeling.
Fogeling.
Amen.
I would don't say that again.
He's gone.
I thought he was going to say mind-blowing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
This is the last day I'm going to get so uptight and all better.
And I'll continue plugging the petition thing.
That's fine, but I'm just not going to do this because it's what's the point.
Right.
It's a place in twos.
I'm serious.
What is the point?
The people who care, they'll go on there in their own good time and they'll sign the
petition.
And they understand what we're talking about.
And the rest of them are just as much of morons anyway.
I mean, just like what you were talking about with Howard and his audience, about 90%
of them couldn't even make the X word as opposed to sign their name on a contract or
on a check.
And this is what you deal with.
And those people are going to, I mean, take a look at the result of that petition drive,
30 state of 20 million people.
And they got 3,800 and some on.
I better go back to it again here.
3,841 signatures from New York State.
Even Florida, we started with 1700 to 1,000 days ago.
We got 51, 66.
So at least I'm motivating a few people.
I'm screaming in the air and jumping up and down, which is going to stop tomorrow.
I'm just going to go back to being, you know, very mellow.
Right.
But I'm inspired today because of this latest list here, which just keeps growing and growing
and you can't say this and you can't do that.
You can't make this sound.
You can't make a sound.
You can't make a fart noise.
I mean, when I say grow up America, that's the other state of the century.
Pretty soon it's going to be back to WC for water closets instead of saying turl it.
These are Sunday.
Then we're going to think R.T. bunkers pushing up days.
These even need to be embarrassed.
What Sunday school rules?
No Sunday school is far more advanced than this.
This is this is for like, you're right.
I heard some of these in Sunday school.
Little teeny tiny children.
I've seen some of these.
What we're talking about.
Juvenile.
And a public like I said, the overwhelming majority, they got their own fish to fry.
They got their own agenda.
And you know, they just, they won't make enough noise.
That's the problem.
The religious nuts that we keep belly-eakin' about, they make noise, man.
They just, they're the ones that do all the screaming.
You know the thing about the squeaky wheel gets the crap, the grease.
Speaking of crap, Burger King's biggest franchise.
Eastland, the fast food chains marketing and new products as unsuccessful yesterday,
as it reported a 66% plunge in at income and deservedly so.
Most people are tired of eating rubber.
Carol corporations, I didn't realize it was Carol's.
You know, Carol's used to be a fast food chain back in upstate New York, back in the day.
No.
Carol's corporations, 351 Burger King restaurants, performed poorly despite a turn-in-out of major
competitors, said Alan Vituly, Chairman and Chief Executive of the Syracuse New York
based franchisee, nationally the number two hamburger chain is trailed marketly to McDonald's
for several years.
Unfortunately, the performance of our Burger King restaurant suffered during 2003 from
the ineffectiveness of a number of unsuccessful system-wide marketing and product initiatives,
many of which have been abandoned in the past few months that he said in an earnings release.
Analysts said several of Burger King's plans, including promoting its burgers as fire
grilled and introducing chicken sandwiches and salads last year, have largely fallen
flat.
See now, ordinarily I would reach over and hit this button here.
Morons!
I'm saying, but that's Chris Moron.
I mean, that's Tom Hopkins making fun of.
Moron, Chris.
Officials at Miami-based Burger King didn't return several calls yesterday seeking comment.
Carol said same-store sales at Burger King restaurants or sales from those open at least
a year fell 7.2% last year after a 1.3% drop the year before.
Same-store sales are considered the best measure of retailers' health.
Maybe the public is trying to tell you people something at Burger King, okay?
Maybe that's your food sucks.
You think that could be it?
Yeah, that might be it.
That the burgers are dry.
The fries stink.
I don't know how their fries are.
I don't eat fries.
They're not good.
They're not good, see?
Your onion rings are an insult to the onion, okay?
In fact, I think the people will grow onion.
No, no, seriously.
You know what I'm talking about.
It's like a little bit of a tiny, a batter, a ringer.
A batter.
This should be called onion things.
Oh, no, they're not onion anything.
Just batter things.
Here's a little cardboard box with a bunch of fried batter in it.
There you will find, you can get a search party in there.
Right, you can get more.
You can get most musk rad.
And you couldn't find a real onion in those things.
There it is, Grace.
So maybe they're trying to tell you about it like we tool your garbage, okay?
And I'm going to say it again, when these is heads and shoulders above either of the
other two.
And in fact, that so many people are eating their McDonald's is a sad commentary on the
Taste of the American Public.
But again, we got lots of people eating vanilla ice cream.
Oh, man.
McDonald's has better fries.
Yeah, much better.
And they'll kill you much faster too.
Yes, they will.
Because you'll eat a lot.
When these is where it's at, I don't want to go for fries, go to Amsterdam and stick
some mayo in a brown crap on it.
I'm afraid to ask what that brown sauce is.
No comments from me, from anybody.
I ain't saying no.
53,724 signatures on stopfcc.com.
How's Florida doing?
5166.
We're coming along.
We're making New York and Ohio embarrassed and Pennsylvania.
And then there's something we started out with this thing.
What was it?
Monday?
Something like that.
No, Tuesday.
Was it?
Tuesday afternoon, like the second half of the show, if somebody called and turned us
on this thing.
And all day yesterday, and we're banging out again here today.
But tomorrow we won't bang it so hard.
I promise we'll just go back to being like us.
And we went from 1,756 people who took the time out of their busy lives to actually fill
this thing out, which takes a few seconds.
And have the co-hones to put the balls to put their name on there and sign a petition.
The petition their government to cut the crap, to stop with this rampant censorship and
making it up as they go along.
I have, in my wildest nightmares, I could have never dreamed of this.
It's like, if I have one day you got in your car, you started the engine, you pulled
out to the first intersection.
And they said, oh, that's as far as you're going.
And you said, what do you mean?
Well, that's it.
Speeding.
No, no, not speeding.
You're not allowed to drive at any of these roads, no more.
But I got it.
Well, too bad you can't get there from here.
Take a helicopter.
Start flapping your arms a little bit and see if you can fly.
Because you can't drive.
And just based on what?
Well, we just decided.
That's what this is all about.
We just decided.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
Are you glad to hear that?
Did you hear that?
About what happened in Basra earlier today?
Three or four more explosions and bagged that.
I thought that everything was under control.
Not so.
Three to four more explosions heard and bagged that and more people are dying.
But we may have Osama surrounded or maybe Mullah Bullah Omar or one of these evil
doors.
Yeah, and then what?
And then back in the center, they were singing us the big song about another we got
Sodom.
Things are going to be a lot safer here.
Oh, yeah.
Tell that to the relatives of all the people who have died there since December.
And so only the middle of March.
The public just doesn't want to get it.
The American people are just beaten down or just it's a sad thing to watch.
They just don't have it no more.
That fight.
1256 at 560 WQAM.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
Alright.
All right
We don't say it was very hot here
We don't say it was very hot here
101
I'm smart and enjoyed to play
I have 560 WDQAM
Let's get 8 million calls on here between now and 2 what do you say? Or let's play music one or the other?
Either way
77.4% of the audience supports us they don't find any of these things offensive
767 you know we're gonna get to a thousand nine ninety and just a matter of moments even Josh is just he just can't even believe it
Whatever happened with the computer situation in your your little tested home there oh we got it taking care of a little bit
There's always a problem though there's always a little glitch the yellow dial up working anyway. I see what was that? dial up working
Yeah
Well, that's a good start. Yeah, I'm gonna have to go over there and did it with it now that I'm gonna comment three or four explosions heard in Baghdad
Just in moment once again Sky Miles O'Brien on CNN all that before we go any farther with that
Kira do yeah, this is on a approaching the anniversary of the Iraq attack. Oh, I'm sorry operation Iraqi freedom. I'm sorry
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line can a little bit too worked up about this just condo see I'll tell you right now
I don't need any of these things to do the show
Yeah, we thought I what I'm saying are we sent the fact that so much of the material that we got in here we can't play anymore because a lot of it was very funny and you know we liked it
But you just can't do that no more
So as far as laughing a lot start wearing the cry a lot, you know kind of balance things on
That's it that's better. Can we still play that? No kill it?
WQM hello, hi, guys, I'm Neil speaking. Yes, Neil fantastic. You are truly the voice of reason my wife. I both voted on the Fc
Stop FCC website. Thank you. We had an idea for you this morning since we can't use currents works anymore
Maybe we should use the whole cabinet as curse words in other words you're a condolese
But you're a colon you're a chaining stop being an ass croft. That's how I got Neil excellent good idea
Thank you. That's like a ripoff on it to go over nothing with my rubberic image some of them actually sound close enough like
Ascrops are like you're an ash craft that's good. I like that excellent idea. Pally. Thanks colon
Now what now what oh yeah, you know something I think he just now we I talked about this several weeks ago
We decided that's not a good idea. But what are they going to do? You can't say although they have sensitive the first name
It advice president right now
I'm sure love and I realize that I want to put Josh and Duff in a position of having to I mean no
In the clearance in a position of having to finger it out, but I mean let's get serious
Dick Cheney right
Considered course language and prohibited and again it depends on the usage which is to an a lot of cases and if you have a brain you know that
And I'll give you an example. Okay one moment please if I can find it. I'm looking for it. I got a search party here
Oh, yeah, here it is
Gimanditch I am a pot see can't say that no
But in that particular case you should be able to say because that doesn't refer to what they're upset about right one of these things
Is a product that's on any shelf of any supermarket drugstore anywhere
Well, that's I don't want to find out which one well
It's one of your favorite ones. I don't want to hear which one. I'm not gonna say it five six seven oh five sixty
Yeah, I'm gonna work on that over over between out of Marmoring
Well posted right on our website. Oh, yeah, well, we know what you meant by well, so big deal
We don't care what you know or what you think you know. We'll put it right on a website
The glossary the glossary for the near Roger show
You push and
Colin
Yeah, you push and Colin liquor. Don't be an extra idea. Pally. Thanks again
We did all with the idea this several weeks ago. No, we don't want to do that, but now that they're taking all the other words away
In fact this guy inspired me would at call
Never is there been a more perfect time than right now for that
WQM hello
male yes, sir
Can you fill me on something today's sensor your website?
No
From all because I noticed that you have you don't have all the bush stuff on there anymore sure we do the features
I mean I mean the old bush stuff just click on features. It's all still there just come down
They haven't messed with our website yet
Because I'd like to point out to you the QM has nothing to do with our website
They want to make sure you understand that they want to make very emphatically the world know that
Beasley broadcasting has nothing to do with the arodgers.com and we're proud of that fact
There is no links from our website to theirs or vice versa
And if you go behind the beaded curtain today, you will see Drew bear more
I'm sure that the beesleys would just be a gas to see that you'll see Drew bearin more right a
Magnificent picture looking squeaky clean, which is the way the government likes it anyway, right? They like it squeaky clean
Why the hell did I do that?
Where the hell is features now? I don't know what you did
Well, let me just go back to the homepage where is features?
And I sure hope Eric got my facts of that thing that I facts to him. I don't I don't really see features no more. Where the hell is it? Oh there it is
Oh, and also don't forget to take a look at the Rumsfeld you can watch him in action listen to the audio of him lying on
Eat the press or whatever was on Sunday morning
Space the nation
There's old Michael and his pals
Why am I even doing this? I give up one time with that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. It's on air pal
He just click it. Just keep clicking it
WQ and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am a long time
So reappointment yeah, that should be the term right?
Yeah, I don't know if they'll reappoint him
Yeah, the other thing is can you use his last name and vice-president first name in the same job? No, no, you can
5 6 7 0 5 60
No chance I'll pass it one at one baby
Man
You got to be real careful. You got to tip toe through the tool up to them to be real careful. What's your saying to whom you said?
And the FBI wants a lot more power to be monitoring what's going on your website too. They want a lot of on your computer
So that they can check everything you're doing they're gonna be in your bathroom. I like that cartoon
You said I mean that was cute. Yeah, they're gonna be looking in your turl it. They're gonna be snitter gonna
Pat hey, we're all gonna have to pass the sniff test
Well, it's a good thing some of ours don't stink already WQ and Leconda Lisa right Q. I. M. Hello
Kiss my room WQ. M. Hello, I know how you doing. Okay, you know one of the
That classic bitch. I wouldn't say was a great thing can't play it no more. I know whatever it was
Inc. is ancient is the damn
Crippitation Contest oh forget about that. Yeah, I mean that thing is like how many millions of years old
It's about 30 man about I think about 70. I think that was in the 30s about 70 years old is about right
You know when you talked about how you can do a show
Even under these restrictions you just we've been in you know
I understand that because I'm not trying to kiss your
Go right on kiss away man, you know you're a quality broadcaster
Spirit you're great, but you got a lot of these guys on the air now
They're not gonna know how to do a show without all this stuff. Oh, that's that's for sure
They're a lot of these morning shows especially on FM a lot of these morning guys. That's their whole act
Yeah, it's like like Bob and Tom who are really quality broadcasters to use your term
Those guys can do it because they know where the line is but there are a lot of these guys that are just on air you know
Just blurting out a bunch of crap. They're not gonna be able to do a show
No way man, they're gonna have to it's just gonna be a shot to I think their listeners
When they try to do these shows that are you know not with these edgy material because
They're gonna be able to do it
I think the only sweet thing in the midst of this whole thing is that the company that's getting almost all of the fine so far
I mean really just getting nailed as cheap channel. It's such a beautiful thing. It's so well-deserved
well, yeah, I mean
They're making so much money from
I mean, I think in some ways that may have been done on purpose to make it more acceptable
That the Republicans and the Bush administration there's slapping the hand of clear channel
You know who's been the target because they have just been able to take a monopoly position in the industry now
I don't think so I think I think I think you know they'll take their contributions and they'll they'll use them as a tool to run
These rallies and so on but other than that they're gonna show them they're gonna slap them in the line along with everybody else
Also somebody mentioned young Neil why you couldn't play that I think you say do do bag or
Yeah, I can say do do bag. Yeah, I think you can play. Oh, yeah, if you want to sell like a
In the bed you can talk like a five-year-old now that's about it. Okay. Well listen have a great day take care. Bye
Okay, it's a godless radio Q.A.M.
Sensor radio
Maybe I just do the show and I don't think Gelly is on I don't want to do that not good for the numbers
Poor Gelly of course Gelly is dancing on jig
G's McDonald's retirement now. He's just waiting in the wings. Oh, yeah, well radio is so much more difficult on television
I'm gonna make weight broadcast there, huh? I just can't wait
In fact, you know, I don't think I ever played that good last week what bit the guilty are doing the hockey game
I don't recall you did you hear it? I?
Don't recall it's a little on the ponderous side to be honest with the book about I mean
I'm happy
No, no can't say anyway, it's 11 after 1 and 5 60 WQM. We used to be pretty exciting
No more sports video five sixes you a
M
It as a result of a wardrobe malfunction then you may be eligible to collect millions and damages from
Jackson
Do you suffer from any of the following damage eyesight from staring at your TV from four inches away?
Kipo tunnel syndrome from rewinding your TV over and over and over again
Oh
A home nipple fishing gone around
or
Keping
enjoying the clouds action lawsuit against Janet Jackson or this Jackson if you're asking
Make Janet Jackson down ball or win ball for you
Go one eight hundred two eight now
So in Janet Jackson is not a substitute for getting a light getting off your button getting a job
Oh, thank god. He said to delete it's 117 at five sixty WQM. Was there anything in there that I missed?
No, I was a coping it monitoring very carefully now. We're gonna be listening real closely to all of these things to what
All of these things thank you
Wumped a 77.1% of the audience in support system rest of them. Oh, you're disgusting. Well good. Glad you enjoying it
WQM. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
You doing all right
Yeah, I'm pissed off and fired up about this deal. Well, that's good. I'm glad somebody is I'm gonna
Get on my lips on the website as soon as I get home and register my whole family good good beauty
What about what about talking and think Latin? How do they know what I'm thinking? I want to think about it
Is the day?
Yeah, at the point. Well, we'll go we'll go learn some they know what you're thinking
Yeah, they know exactly what you're thinking man the thought police first we had the word police now
We're gonna have the thought police that'll be vocal brands next bit the thought police
It's coming
Oh a president Mochara says that there's a pervert named Hills up there and we got him surrounded
No, that's the last several days in an area that
Intelligence is there anybody whine you and Wimpier on network TV than Aaron Brown? No
With the worst hair piece. Oh, I think he's borrowing most musk red over there in Islamabad
30 QM. Hello
No, can you say anal? No, we can't
WQM
Anybody who wanted your end you can't work TV here. Yes, sir. I am I am yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, FTC sick and he's helped badly
Okay, thanks for the bulletin
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line see this is what gives us the
Encouragement to continue, you know to fight the good fight. Yeah, right? Right the wind beneath our wings
That's exactly even as bet would say herself if she could
70 QM hello
Good afternoon, sir. Yes, sir. I'm in a position where I unfortunately
Depend on clear channel for my livelihood on so sorry
I've told me about it. I'm an artist. I'm doing major label and unfortunately my medium is you know dependent on
Companies like clear channel and their other stations to
Play my music for that right get paid
I
Cannot believe
The audacity of these people especially an unnamed CEO of clear channel himself who would
Tower, you know that the lack of backbone that he presented to Congress about you know his his stand in his apology for
The whole stern incident and everything and it just it kills me that I have to sit here and I have to play both sides of the
You know the sword here, but you got to do what you got to do believe me if I had enough chuckles put away
That I could say goodbye. I'd be out of here already. I'd be out on the street smoking a big fat Stogi saying bye-bye to all of this crap
I'm right there with it
Yeah, and that's what I understand you know how it's therm with all due respect
He's taking a lot of crap
But the fact of the matter is this guy's got tens and who knows how many millions?
He's got at this point right so instead of whining all the time about their pick it on him
And it's all about him which it's not about him
But instead of that if he's a fed up with it if he can't stand a restriction instead of making a big publicity
Stunt out of it and then making a martyr out of himself. Why isn't he just saying goodbye?
He can keep his show on e he can write more books. He can make more movies. What does he need it for?
He could do anything and I think he if you know he's got the power now more so than anyone to make an example
You know he's got the power. He's got the finances behind him
He should take a stand and you know make a movement at least educate people because I think a large part of the problem is a lot
I'd say a broad majority of Americans are still very ignorant to what's actually going on
They they don't care they want there they want their Jerry Springer and they want their
We're just going on here every day and saying everybody vote against Bush that that's not the problem here
I mean Bush is a part of the problem in the right wing
But the fact of the matter is that we got a two-party system and the other party isn't doing anything to protect us
Exactly so we need the people who are you know quote unquote on our side to step up and actually start doing things
If I tell you right now if I had a month if I were on the year in a market that he's on in New York and LA in Chicago
Detroit and Philly if I had one month I would have 20 million signatures on that petition drive and
We'd be doing something whether there's a post-making in an ego trip of all myself
The tides are changing. I did in fact find that petition on a stop-to-end
The next one so but continue to continue to success and I hope that you actually start reaching some more people
I'll be doing my part hang in there. Thanks
21 past one at five sixty W. D. Cren there's a great call you see if you take 50,000 calls you get a couple of good ones
Somewhere along the line we're at 77.1% of the audience are with us the other people are against
Which of these words do you find most offensive T. W. 91
825 to none of the above part sounds 39 oh I'm so sorry how many times can I say I'm sorry after all of these years
P. U. S. and the rest of it 38 CO 28
V bag 17 S bag 10 which I mean that is just so ludicrous so juvenile yeah
A whole seven the president the vice president's first name six
PR which rhymes with this first name four
booby with a T two and hard to swallow to get set without
1069
Oh brother
Thought and I say a thousand sixty nine so only one twenty two. How do you like that?
Lazy wouldn't surprise me though if we're getting some if we're being in a day to hear we're getting freaked a little bit
Though it's crushing huh?
Oh, yeah, it's killing me. I don't know whether to come back tomorrow or not
WQM hello
Q. I. M. Yes, yes sir am I talking to Neil speaking yes?
Well, I want to go because I'm hoping nobody may have a trace this call. I'm calling from a nude beach here and
North Miami Beach
Yeah, and
I'm afraid I'm doing something illegal
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, and the other thing is I wanted to talk about the oil high high oil price
Like I said if you take four hundred thousand calls
You might get a couple of
Yeah, a year
Wow 52 50 is our total on signatures on a petition stop FCC dot com
New York states got 38 46. There's something really really wrong. Mr. Stern. There's something very very rotten and wrong there
But don't you think so don't you find that just a shocking although I will say this on his on his own
petition right out to the to a clear channel that they're putting together. He's only got about 4300
So I'm not really he's not really pushing that making a big issue out of it
So if it's not just an ego trip and a martyrdom trip about Howard Stern on the cross and really is about
Sensor ship and the first amendment then you think that he really be pushing this thing
I'm an honest in here in Miami with about 40 listeners and I'm and I'm doing it the best I can you know
Beat them all over the head with a baseball bat, which is unfortunate. I'm not gonna do it in no mode not tomorrow
But God just just to have one day one show attended to one day and
Be heard by millions of people. That's all. That's all I asked just one day and make something happen
Just like that. That's right
Everybody Q a.m. Hello
Okay, sir go to couple weeks go you ran a poll as do why people aren't doing it and I said they're afraid
This is exactly what they are there are afraid to come out and say anything
Nothing against you is you like getting your paycheck and you're gonna conform to what they want you to do sure you bet
The same way everybody else. That's why nothing about this is gonna get done
Nothing nothing is gonna get done while we got
54,000 people at least had the guts to sign their signature on there
Well, I signed it you know and I have no problem signing it but a lot of people are afraid to come out and speak against it
Because they're afraid of maybe losing their job or they're afraid of the repercussions that yeah, oh happened if they get it
Well, that's pretty sad it is it is because if you have no guts, you deserve what you get exactly
I'll see it the border man. You got it. I'll keep it opening for you 26 after one at 560 a
Catch all the NCAA action the NCAA
Action today with Q a.m. For the singular one was fan jam. We're gonna be jamming on it
And David Busters and Hollywood ended to win a 52 inch TV would surround sound 300 dollars cash
It gets underway two of the mad dog followed by the boobster boob
Shamby at four and why do they're there?
Enjoy their five sixty buffet five dollar and sixty cent even George could afford that maybe once a month
That's David Busters and Hollywood
Speaking of saving money spring into savings right now and save a ton like never before on a great new car truck from
Armstrong's Toyota of homestead you'll find them on U.S
One just 20 minutes south of the 836 Armstrong's Toyota homestead worth the drive to matter where you hanging it out
Because they're gonna save you thousands on great new Toyota's check out these great leases and oh four camera
Your four wonder for just 260 nine a month for 48 months. How about an oh four hundred for just three on nine a month
Need a truck? How about an oh four Toyota tender the safest truck in America for just
179 a month for 48 months these are just some of the savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead
And now what the toll increases on those people use in cash on the turn bike
Armstrong's Toyota of homestead will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car truck at their joint
General manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything under the sun to put you in an Toyota day
So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota of homestead difference locally owned locally operated committed to 100%
customer satisfaction to their service department is even open late till eight week nights to make sure that your service work is
You'll find them on us one two ninety third street in homestead just 20 easy
Simple-minute south of the old eight thirty six so don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over-promise
None at liver gets you to their dealerships under phony pretense do the smart thing that call in David Rich the GM and Armstrong's Toyota homestead
Call them a 305 two four two thirty two forty seven
305 two four two thirty two forty seven drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead
And look all this is for radio five sixty
See fine from me feeling so censored my show is now stable
Don't know what you expect me to be
But under a wrist next take me off my show
Everywhere that I say is under the microscope
We
Don't fire me
You know I just take hardster and petition to a
First channel put them back on the switch decision. You know many signatures. They got another position five thousand
four thousand four fifty two
That's New York Chicago LA Detroit Philadelphia, um, you name it
Atlanta Houston Dallas
Waston
Four thousand four fifty two. I'm impressed
Pretty sad five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line effect
What we're gonna start doing is we're gonna go out and start doing a lot more appearances
So we can meet a lot with the other
WQA. I'm hello
Neil yes, sir
Hi
Neil sounds like me. Yeah. Oh, yeah, okay. Yeah, the guy that called I don't believe he's a recording artist number one number
How do you know that I just don't believe it. He had exhibit delusions a grander listen
That guy about to turn he has a guy that pushes a button. I don't know how whatever got out got out
But he has a button push that does that yeah
So and he only talked about that
And so so you're making a big deal out of nothing
Yeah, well no one you when you say how it got out first of all he was talking about the
Rick Sullivan's penis size and then a call or use the N word
I mean when you compare that to all the other stuff that's been on the Stern Show last 20 years
That's not something that the average board operator is gonna dump
It's not and no it's not in the FCC wouldn't find him for that either
See this just happened to be the day before hogan john hogan testified in front of that how that
Congressional committee. I'm getting tongue-tied myself and the as a result
They just use that as an excuse to dump them off the clear channels vision. That's all he would have to sacrifice a lamb
Oh, yeah, I see and then he that's what you think the other stuff he's making a big deal out of nothing
But the fact of the matter is it isn't just about him though. See he is being made a
They're using him, but it's just not about him
It's about everybody who's on the air
I agree with you. Here's it. It's still making 30 million dollars a year
That's still on the infinity station, which is the majority of the station to carry him and then bubba the love sponge and Tampa
He's got fired
Why is it all about Howard Stern and thought about the other people that's the sad part
And the problem is Howard in his own way is like rush, you know
He's got his own little group of ditto heads and and those people are like little minutes. It's all Howard all the time
Well, the whole world isn't about Howard Stern. I hate to break the news out to you
But nevertheless
It is Dennis and the pit of hell Tampa says if you wonder what the hell is going on with the memo
It sounds like a management decision and not legal one. No, no
I never said it was issued by the FCC. I never said that
It says I will look into this matter soon
Maybe the general public will begin losing their jobs over slip of the tongue as we lose our freedom and the FCC puts a death gift
Upon our freedom. I will look into this matter soon. Whatever that means
No, it wasn't from the FCC. Let me read it again. I guess I haven't done a good job
I should have read this once an hour
This is the determination of the corporate beastly attorneys based on the
machinations and the threats of the FCC and I completely understand
I don't agree with a couple of them, but it's not for me to say as Johnny mattress would say it's not for me to say
This is from our program director and operations manager pur
The corporate people ray in decency and the memo says
We've been informed from our corporate attorneys that in the vision of the so-called
70 words the following words and sound effects are considered course language and are prohibited
And you'll see the whole list of them right there are pulled at the end of website. That's what a pull came from
including fart noises
So this is their reaction and believe me it's not just the beastlies every company in broadcasting
Now I want you to keep one other thing in mind as well
You see where it's infinity
Which is via comm and CBS and worth billions of dollars
When they get fined you know a million dollars is that they paid out millions for the stern show finds over the years
So this is nothing new with Howard
That's why all of his baloney about well. He you know it turned against bush and that's why they're picking on him
That's bull crap they find him millions and infinities paid those fines throughout the years because he's made them what they are today a giant
But how about some little mom and pop company that owns one or two radio stations, huh?
Right and somebody goes on here and says well what do you know whatever five or six times well you take
500,000 time five or six times that's a two and a half million dollar fine
That's gonna put them out of business
Which also continues to further consolidate what we've got in the monopoly known as radio
Because only the big boys are able to pay these humongous fines. So cheap channel has to pay the
$773,000 fine against Bubba
In Tampa which they paid a couple of weeks ago and they got the quarter million dollar fine against Elliott in the morning in Washington on
Wdc would still wind up paying so there's a million dollars
Well, that's a million dollars. It's a lot of cash even to them
But you know something when you've got a virtual monopoly when you've got 1200 damn radio stations dollar cars
The country and the billboards and all the you monopoly on these concerts and all the other crap that they've got that small potatoes
For a company that made nine billion dollars last year
Million dollars is like the pocket change just reaching your pocket and feel the change whilst not against the law yet
And that's what a million dollars is like the clear channel
But the little guys god forbid that they should get finies millions and cities it was because that's the end of them
So like I said the beat goes on
And if you're not one of them, you know, you know something
I'm thinking that that American pile American Airlines pilot a few weeks ago over that story
I think he was on to something
Yeah, remember when he told the passengers if you don't believe in Jesus, you're crazy right
I think what he should have said is if you don't tell everybody believe in Jesus, you're crazy at least if you live in America
Because the Jesus Christ is man. They're not wasting any time. They're taking it all over. They got their thumb on it
77.4% of the audience say none of the above they support us a hundred percent which we appreciate very much in the rest
Oh my god
What can I say to you
About 10 minutes
Sure, I'll just take the bullet tray
Now you can travel from us to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida bullet tray
Thanks to your well-researched landslide both
Now put in the bullet train for Yahoo
And oh come on
Why just take the Montereyle for some barbecue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa right into this game day
Where you can explore the tropical barrier reefs made entirely of Cuban Buick
Your hold of confidence in the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off
Take the Florida bullet train
We're traveling permission of the Florida bullet train call wait a minute
Wait
I love it. It's my favorite
143 how come we've got a wellness trainer here on CNN talking crap right now
We're not seeing more about what's going on here in a bag dad
Huh, and nobody cares anymore. Oh, it's small potatoes now and how come we're not seeing Osama Yamama getting a horse whipped and grabbed in the custody, huh
So they're taking prey to him around saying see see the bushmeister got him first we got Sodom and now we got Osama
Of course there's a whole bunch of people still dying like crazy and they're riding in the streets
But nevertheless and you can't say crap on here, but nevertheless
You just watch you mark my words they will get Osama
better rely probably dead
And then the stuff is gonna hit the fan. Oh my god
Just like praise bush like Jesus that one bit that Volkabrindas praise bush like Jesus wow
He's gonna be bigger than Mary Tyler Moore
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM hello
Hello, yes, sir
Speaking
I hated
I'm sorry
Rolling in their graves man and it killed me. It's just as bad as it do
Does you because I love this country? I love what that everything we had at one point in time and it's just it's just been sad
sad shabbles now and
I the other thing I wanted to say was it's gonna be really if they could tell you anymore and you can't speak
I don't know I mean it's just a sad state of affairs mr. Rogers and I'm not pelican from a personal standpoint
I was at it, but I think I'm clever enough to be able to do a show without seeing any of these
I would agree because if there's anybody intelligent it is you sir and you are very very intelligent
Amen and for real quick and I'll let you go because I know that you're
I'm a real quick hockey question and I know that you don't like talking it, but I am a hockey
I love my flyers and I know that you don't like the flyers
I just want to say that I got federalized this from the from you know from satellite company
Right and I get all the I get all the hockey games and I you're as much as I hate your trollon maple leaves
I love the bow and I love the announcer said the other team have
I think I love the way you guys play hockey you explain to my eyes big time and
Especially in the west coast as well and keep talking about everything. You'll don't let them sense you please
I love you to death love you to George and have a great day for you
Thanks a lot go leave school big game and fillied night leaf sent the flyers
I think it's gonna be really ugly. I hope not, but oh you think the leaves are gonna win a stand-up. No no
No, I really don't it's really a shame, but you know, it's good
They can continue gouging the fans here. They'll pay however much whatever they got and then they'll mortgage the house to keep
Binoc tickets every year and the ownership knows that but oh and guess what?
I don't want to say it because then the Panther organization will get even more angry with me than already
But the john tells me that last week at the house to must have 87,000 soliciting calls reminding us that the first payment on the pan through tickets for next season
We're due and of course, you know, we said it in but
Is there gonna be a next season? No, no, what are they gonna do holding out of that money all that time, huh?
I'll say it again. I think all of us were in a wrong business. Let's just hold a whole bunch of money
And earn the interest on it and then we'll give it back maybe how's that sound?
Okay, in other words if come maybe after your two will give you something to exchange for it's gonna be really good
But in the meantime, we'll just hold on to your money and then you get it all back
Nice going, Alan cone
It's a panic
Fine, and I have to laugh with the mode this morning of the two minutes of that show. I heard when he asked guilty
Well, how many people were there after game last night? Oh about 15,000
It's a 15,000 a hundred in the paper which means there's probably about 11, 12,000 there and of which you're probably a couple of thousand islander fans
And how many people actually you think paid for the tickets?
And I don't say that with any joy. I said that very sadly is the big hockey fan that I am
But I mean, you know you can put all the freebies and
phony answers in the seats that you want it doesn't make it doesn't make the franchise
It's very sad
Thanks again Wayne
WQAM hello
Hello there
I beg your pardon and you still say
No, we can WQAM hello
Neil good afternoon. How you doing? All right, all right. Hey listen now you forgot to mention the fact that uh
Bush they're gonna the three days of said election they're gonna find a thousand London, you know
Hide now they got them now man. They got them now they got them
They're gonna present it like three days for the election
So I can say a lot of abortions and went over time. We did by capturing their profit
And by the way don't say the president's name no more. We can't say the vice president's fruit. I it just dawned on me
When I'm comparing the president's last name with a lot of these other things on his list
Not necessarily you cannot say the vice president's first name no mo
No mo and you certainly can't say we just have to call them W
Okay, okay, can we all agree on that for now or
Dumbbell something like that off the list W or Dumbbell or something like that. No, I mean you can't say
No, don't do it. Over up to 77.6% of the audience that supports us enthusiastically and wholeheartedly
And ain't looking to belly-acre cry about any of their words or sounds those farting sounds
44 people 3.7% of the audience say the most offensive was those farting sounds
Oh, well those people ought to be real happy today
We ought to have a very happy audience
Because we don't want to offend anybody. We love Jesus. We love Moses. Jesus right
We love that's a satellite guy Muhammad. Oh, that's right. We love everybody
It's 10 before 2 in the man dogs over there at David Busters
It's gonna be interesting. I don't think I'm gonna listen because I got better things to do like we eat lunch
But in really interesting to see what my colleagues on this radio station now like the facts are previously said
Oh, just went on with David Boston this and David Boston that and blah blah blah blah, you know
And it was basically a plus of course. I guess he had his granddaughter in there or something
Oh the gods of a schwochum
why
Well, it's a thing he does often apparently. I beg your pardon. That's what I heard
He had his daughter and then and his grandchildren
In the studio right and his granddaughter said
Greg reads a mumzer
I'm starting to like that family better already
Oh
I
They
Don't
You got a, you got a, you got a, you got a, where is my key words?
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to believe
Can't get any better than a home party car to believe
You believe, you believe what they say
Like a ball, like a ball, as they, you know
They say, the state to record
I sure hope you dumped that because I was out taking a leak
Oh yeah
Oh, right
I'll drive the electric ball with bottles
Push it's got it's getting with me got it
Oh, it's on your knees with bottles
Oh, it's on your knees
Oh, it's on your knees
No, that one's okay
See that one was a name I figured out myself
The word police is all a sign of mine
The word police, the word police is all a sign of mine
The word police must be as it is to the state
Do you guys think that's one, two, pro, cactus from ourselves?
You gotta watch what you say you better or else
You're by said, you're by said
The word police are monitoring every day
I'm by your side and by your knees
I can take say this, come on, please, please
Oh, you are by a league, you're never a hero
You're a critical printed value, you're not convinced
To make a person where you think you're able to kill the inner ways of the name of Jesus
You will win this week's day, not as we do
The black cookies, they won't impact us
The word police, now I'm the worst that I said
The word police, they won't make us a right stand
The word police, the word police
Thank you, everybody
All of these things
Freedom's very I hate
Absolutely
Freedom's very I hate
Absolutely
All of these things are about how they seem
Talk to show how solidified when it's no longer a man
That's what's seen
Freedom's very I hate
Freedom's very I hate
Wow
So you dumped it on the last time?
Oh, I'm f**king dirty man
Stop pressing it down
If anybody in the audience hears these strange gaps and all that
You're going to understand that we can't see nothing no more
We have to wait till the coast is clear
Kasey missed most of the show today we had another memo
From corporate attorneys saying you can't say f**king
And you can't do, and you certainly can't make no fart noises on here no more
Now does that mean electronic fart noises are like that?
I asked you about that, I asked you about that
And what do they say?
That's right, you asked me
Yeah, about the right phrase
We're going to be playing a medley of their hits tomorrow as a matter of fact from 10 to 2
I think music is the way to go I'm going to think about this very
At least for the next two, three minutes where I'm getting the rest going to lunch
Jesus songs and instrumentals
Alright, let's praise Jesus 24-7 right here
We are your God's station
Your link to heaven, your ticket to the heavenly highway
Your ticket to St. Peter but I don't think we can say Peter no more
Bye bye bye
The trailer runs your show and climbs it
I'll keep you waiting to have the plan for another day
The trailer runs my path
Kiss me on the mountain
