The sky, the sea, the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
The new day is the sky
You know what?
The blackath is the fruit of the world
You know the darkness
The blackath is thething
The darkness is the occupation
Never superior
Never superior
Ever imagined that you are
I spend my day here
I Elvisτα
glad you支 free
Arля of Depot
Yellow Cross
Yellow Cross
wen
irls
вы
Well, I got an appointment about the 12 minutes after 10, so I'll see you.
Okay.
Bye.
I'm a serious, I never heard of such a thing.
Stern veils out at 9.53 because he's got somewhere to go.
He's got an appointment at 10 o'clock.
Yeah.
Maybe the dermatologist or something.
Now you see, this emphasizes what I've been saying all along.
This is my main gripe.
Is it just sitting around all of a sudden the beast said,
Oh, standby.
Stand by my ass.
Stand by what?
What are you talking about?
At 9.53.
Stand by.
Give me a freaking break.
And we don't really start our show to 11 o'clock.
So we got like, we got a mystery hour here.
This is what we have between now and 11 o'clock.
And again, for the hundredth time, I would really love to find out from somebody in that building.
When a hell's Stern is it starting next Monday for the rest of the year,
that he's going to be best ofing on tape a lot so we find out.
Yeah.
Yeah, we have to find out.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Yeah, let's find out.
There's a lot of things we have to find out down here.
Oh, there's so many things to find out in so little time just to be able to tell the audience.
And guess what?
From December 20th, market on your wrist.
We're going to be starting at 10 o'clock here today because Stern is his majesty is on the tape.
And as a result, it's going to be best of shows which they can't fill the rest of the hour because they can't rob and can't do the same old stale news.
Very amazing.
So look, we're going to do it.
And I'm also sitting here on the edge of my seat waiting for that damn phone ring in the other room for my FedEx delivery.
My did in CD decks so we don't have to have like skipping and pop it.
Maybe we can just play some CDs on the old ones here while we're still in there.
Skip to my Lou.
Yeah, skip to my Lou right.
So what we're going to do this hour is the beast is going to talk about food.
That's all he knows which I didn't even know the beast was going to be there today.
But you know, they bring a lot of surprises on us.
Here's the beast.
Here's a 9.53.
We're all done.
Just unbelievable is what it is.
Unacceptable.
Well, I look at it.
But what are you going to do?
And of course, we can't start with any of those.
I will say Rachel Hunter is on the beat of curtain today.
Nice.
Now there are two Rachel Hunter's but I'm sure that I know which one that is.
This is a Rachel that was born in Auckland, New Zealand.
You should be talking about that now because it's not 11 o'clock yet.
See what I mean by this?
We can't start the show because nobody knows where I'm now.
You see that?
Where I'm?
You follow that?
Huh?
Are we on?
I don't know.
Maybe we can get Bernie Kerrigan.
Boy, oh boy.
Every minute of every day there's more revelations.
He's having an affair with two women at the same time.
He's got the illegal alien nanny.
He's taken illegal gifts that he wasn't bothering to report.
And just all of these things and a nice choice there.
And now, one of you did fast be one thing that was rather abhorrent.
Almost as boring as the guy himself.
They're talking about Jewelieberman.
Boy.
As you make it the next home land security department.
Would you feel really secure with Jewelieberman in charge?
That'd be great.
Now let me just check these out because I see my dots.
Oh yeah, there you go. The phone is working again.
Thank the Lord for that.
They reset everything.
They reset everything.
One of them that's special in their engineering department.
They reset everything.
The same engineering department that couldn't get us a clock that we had to have one of our listeners.
Bring your clock for George on the Friday.
I guess it was.
It's good looking too.
The real nice clock.
Nice clock.
Thank you very much, whatever.
What was guy's name Tim, I think?
Yes, I'm like that.
Whoever you are.
Tim, Joe, Jim, something.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
It helped bail us out because our engineering department is either too lazy or too cheap
to put a friggin clock in a radio studio.
It's just, you know, power for the chorus.
More the same as Swill.
It's your Swill station.
UAM.
So let's just take a lot of calls this hour after the beast talks about how great, how bad Ruth Chris is.
You are such a putz.
Why?
Because you just don't know good food.
It's just me.
Well, if anybody knows good food, it's me.
Anybody as fat as I am.
It's just because you're fat.
There's a lot of fat Mexicans too.
It doesn't mean they are connoisseurs of great cuisine.
You like the burrito that they're talking about.
That means because they eat a lot of beans.
I love beans.
Yeah, see that?
There you go.
Anybody who eats beans or loves beans, has got to be just a slob.
That's all I want to say.
I don't want to miss any names in particular or general or whatever.
But anybody that's a bean eater, you've got to be just have no taste.
Your taste is in your toast.
That's what Clarence said.
And what you're telling me, the capital grill is great.
Capital grill is awesome.
And what was the other one you mentioned?
I like Peter Lugers.
See, there is no Peter Lugers in South Florida.
Well, I'm sorry.
Mortens is decent.
Mortens is very good.
Ruth Chris is impeccable.
Ruth Chris is in, let me tell you right now.
Yes.
In Hawaii?
Yeah.
In Vegas, there are two of them in Vegas.
I've eaten in both. They're both great.
The one in Fort Lauderdale is great.
And the one here in Toronto is the best of them all.
It's sensational.
Well, the one I ate at wasn't that great.
In Coral Gables.
They don't want to be too specific because it'll piss off the people down there.
And then they'll get all done and turn on me.
But I don't really care.
Because they don't feed me free anymore anyhow.
But it's just unacceptable.
Well, I had the dinner first of all, what's a big fat type of crap like you eating at Ruth
Chris for anyway?
That's number one.
What do you mean?
Just what I said.
And don't tell me you just had you were doing abkins there.
You just had steak, right?
Oh, you had the steak with the sweet potato casserole.
Oh, sweet potato casserole, right?
Some onion rings.
Mm-hmm.
I actually had the veal chop.
Like I said, big tub of crap with a death wish.
Although not nearly as much of a fat type of crap as the be as the, the, the, the, the,
the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, as fat boy.
Yeah, you're moving back up the ladder.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Because when it comes to obnoxious fat lying dastardly, devious people that are building,
he's, he's got them all licked fat boy, don't.
And if he comes anywhere near that studio, Georgia's on vacation by the way this week.
So we don't need to get that call.
Where is George?
George is on vacation.
Although after last week, some of those episodes, some might have had some, some,
legitimate doubts, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
After your fat boy tried to throw poor George under the bus.
Nice going fat boy.
You lying sack.
You piece of turd.
I think even though we can't play it anymore, just in honor of fat boy I'm going to play.
Just a little bit of that.
Can't play anymore of that.
But boy, you are brutal fat boy.
Don't ever see it now.
And I don't you feel better not giving them those tickets?
Uh, well, I wasn't going to give them to anyway.
No, but I'm just saying that didn't that validated for it.
Now that you find out what a devious backstabbing pile of crap he is, yes it did.
Always sucking around.
Hiya, pal.
He what he got for me?
Got some of those tickets for the bills again?
We wouldn't give you tickets to Buffalo on a Greyhound bus, okay?
Put him on a bus.
It would never get there anyway.
But I think he's that he's from Buffalo.
Doesn't it?
The only guy that I know from Buffalo is a pretty good guy's Woody Graber.
I can't think of anybody else I've ever known in my life who's from Buffalo, who's, uh,
I don't know anybody else from Buffalo that's, that's even a worthwhile human being.
Buffalo is the armpit of the universe, man.
It's swill.
All the swill and, okay, let's take a few calls here.
What are you saying?
We'll find out about the mistake.
Okay.
About the great meat.
You're wrong.
I'm not wrong.
Now I'll admit I've never eaten at the Capitol Grill so maybe it's sensational.
I have eaten it's myth and wolinsky or at least they brought the food in that day.
That was a disaster.
That was bad.
Somebody cue me and hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Is this in the Elijah show?
No, this is the Howard Stern that went to an appointment early, filled in 10 to 11 show
yes.
Oh, I got the wrong number.
Okay, sorry.
Oh.
Oh my God.
I never expected the one that good to start us off for the week.
That was special.
We're never going to duplicate that.
There are just some people who are just too dense to understand that when you start a
different time every day and that's why we condition the audience and say, look,
if you want, if you're not a Stern Lister, that's, you know, nothing we can do about that.
But join us at 11.
That's when we start the official business every day.
And now all of a sudden I'm sitting here, stand by, like, like, I put it on a string is
what I am now.
Just stand by it being manipulated.
Well, Howard blow it out your ass.
How do you like that and take Robin with you?
Maybe he's got a big appointment with Sirius.
You think maybe they're like, I got a shocking announcement coming.
Maybe.
Before the holidays, give him the high gear to the goyam.
Come here to QA and hello.
I'm good news.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
Okay.
I just want to make a comment because you know, I kind of become a Stern Listerner.
My way of QA and this is ridiculous.
You know what?
My vote is to just shut him down at 10 o'clock and get about a good buy like they do in
Sirius.
Right.
You know, I mean, I don't see how you guys can put up with that crap.
No, I mean, this today, this is just out of the field out of nowhere because generally,
you know, people that I work for don't understand, you have to, there's a certain amount of
mental preparation.
You have to have somebody there when you're going to start, what you're going to be doing
in your mind, how are you going to do the show every day, what the formatics of it?
They don't understand from formatics.
I mean, we're still in time and putting a lot of spots on here.
It's all they know.
It baffles me that they don't have, they don't like empathize with you on that because,
I mean, my knees reach out that I have.
I drive a truck, okay?
I mean, I need to find, you know, 10 minutes to prep my mind for whatever.
Right.
No matter what you do.
I'm a musician also.
Before I go up and do my first set, I get a D3 shot.
Okay.
I mean, this is crazy.
I can, you know, they got a, they got a cut this cut.
Let's do three shots this morning.
What do you say?
I'm going to have a party.
Yeah.
Happy holidays, man.
Back to you, Paul.
Good luck to you.
You know what I empathize with me.
He understands this is bull crap.
It is.
I thought you were joking when you said stand by.
We're just sitting here talking, confabulating, and Beast is going on about food, which is
all he knows.
And, uh, I'll stand by.
What?
And the smile on Robert Creeper's face was just so cute.
Hey, blow it out to your ass, Robert.
Okay, you right wing self-hating Jew, you miserable piece of turd.
Okay.
By the way, you're excommunicated.
Rabbi Shapiro just said you're out.
You know, I know party.
I wouldn't touch you with his best, uh, with his best finger.
Welcome.
Man, Robert Creeper had this smile on his face, because he's another one, devious.
Although he's got the pictures.
That's the only reason he's still there.
Well, the others have come and gone.
You notice, even when he was working around a mojo beast, you got stabbed.
Yep.
Uh, Zach got the big stab.
Uh, Carolyn got the old stab, oh, Gildi got the stab, oh, yeah.
But, they're not Robert Creeper.
Because Robert's got the picture of all the beesleaves with the billi-goats or something like that.
He has, he knows where the bodies are buried.
Make no mistake about that.
And you talk about a long departure.
I've never seen anybody in my life threatened to leave.
He's been leaving for, uh, seven years that I've been there.
He was going to law school ten years ago.
Yeah, he's been going along.
He's a professional student.
He's kind of like Mike Rosenthal.
He's a professional student at U of M.
By the way, how about those dolphins?
Yeah.
Oh, right.
They are special, you know what?
Oh.
And of course, the defenders, those handful of them, how many are, could they possibly be?
About 30, man.
Would say, oh yeah, but then we're, uh, then we're with favorite by 11 and they got a winning record.
And then we're below.
Is okay.
Jake Plumber couldn't win a fixed game.
I mean, he's just awful.
And, uh, generally speaking, our whole performance by Denver yesterday, except for the 50-year field goal at one of game, uh, was pretty, pretty like Luster.
How about those patriots, by the way?
Now, we have some problems there since the nettings and explosive offensive jug or not.
Thank God they got no defense.
But, um, like I've said, patriots, occasionally they have a little trouble closing games out.
When you agree with that, I would, I would have to agree at times they get a little lack of a...
There are times when the defense just goes on, they keep permanent vacation from like the whole game.
And yesterday was a pretty weak defensively.
It's okay.
I'm looking forward to Monday night.
Oh, Monday night's going to be really special.
In fact, they kept pointing out during the game.
They were showing the schedules and the patriots, two of their last three games, they got the jets in between.
That would be an interesting game, although the jets were really tanked against Pittsburgh yesterday.
Chad Pennington looked like, uh, he looked like, uh, Jake Plummer.
He was pathetic.
In fact, I think he's highly overrated anyway.
But that game will be tough, but that's in between the dolphins and the San Francisco 49ers.
Wow!
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
So we know it's going to be at least 14 and two, and maybe if they can beat the jets in the year 15 and 1 for the patriots.
I don't want to rub it in because a lot of people know that the dolphins are an embarrassment they're humiliating.
And by the way, Norman Bates, you're not going to be the coach.
Everybody knows that.
And all the raw raw sys boomba.
He reminds me of Lou Holtz on the sideline.
Oh, the screen.
He looks like him.
Then he's a little bit.
A little bit.
Screaming and yelling.
And, uh, like, I don't blame him quite frankly.
He's, uh, you know, he's out.
You're out, Norman.
He would never hurt a fly though.
5670560.
Pound 5660.
It's the Tiffilan line, man.
Now, what's the last day of Tannuka?
You tell me?
I don't know.
I'm not asking you, Josh.
We're not talking to the Goyne about him asking the beast.
I don't remember.
It's, uh, you know, it's way better.
Eight days.
I'm not going to play that eight days of Hanukkah thing, even though we kill a lot of good time.
It's too long in progress.
I hate that bit.
Maybe we'll just play it all comedy bits.
What do you say?
Okay.
Not.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, I was so good to see you on a 10 o'clock.
Yeah.
You had to make your accident, huh?
Yeah.
I'm expecting that your stern wrap up his ridiculousness.
But I wanted to tell you a good Jeff High story.
I used to work with him.
And one of the other shale guys he had asked, uh, what are the other simple guys for a, uh,
bills, uh, for tickets to the Bill Doppenskin and the other guy, uh, who shall remain nameless.
Got in the tickets and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, I would never beat him back and, uh, and what, uh,
he came asking for the money for the tickets.
Jeff bit, uh, this guy's hand and had to go to the office.
I don't know what he was trying to do, but, uh, he's, uh, he's an infamous character.
Yeah, but, it's all right.
You can say that.
You, uh, you, uh, you, you are the miss between 10 and 11.
I gotta tell you.
Well, Stern's leaving all these days.
We can only hope soon.
It'd be nice to be stationed at the ball.
Can I say that?
Uh, just cut him off at 10 o'clock like these other stations of the day.
That's what I keep telling him.
Uh, but he's been looking at it.
I know that.
Yeah, so he might be my hand thinking.
No problem messing with my show, but they're terrified that in infinity, you'll take him to court
or something if they mess with the Stern show.
So who knows what they're going to do.
All right, they lose their money.
If he, if she ends at 10 o'clock, then they'll start that losing money.
I don't, I don't get it.
Hey, I got news for you.
We got no spots this half hour.
Yeah, because they, they've given away a half hour of time, which, uh, you figured out your mind.
How much that's worth, okay?
I don't understand this.
There's just any more, but, uh, nearly you're the best.
Thanks a lot, pal.
You have a great day and say hi to a fat boy.
Bite him on the ass.
That, that, no big target.
He's got some Mike Tyson in him.
I'll never, as long as I live, I'll never forget when he first, and I bet with both George
and I, big screened, don't, whatever you do.
Don't hire him.
We work with an IOD.
He was a disaster there.
Lier, troublemaker, setting up.
He sets up appearances.
He tells people, oh, sure.
Uh, Hank is going to come to your, uh, business and he'll be there for two hours and about,
and he'll always cost a hundred bucks and he'll, and the Hank knows nothing about it.
I, it doesn't with everybody.
He was sending Phil Henry on, on remote appearances that nobody ever even knew about.
But I'll never forget the deal with the, uh, power 96 prize closet, where they had all the candy bar stacks
away and he was jimming open.
It's, it's like, uh, like a rat.
What?
Yeah, like a rat.
If he knows that there's food in there, he'll like burrow through the wall or whatever he has to do to get to it.
And he was, he was jimming open.
He was breaking into the prize closet.
And he was just shoveling candy bars down his fat face.
Uh, he makes you seem like, uh, skinny atlas.
I like it adorexic.
Man, well, let's not get, uh, on him.
Okay, I don't want to, I don't want to get bogged down on fat floor.
Where the hell's my package already?
See, that's the other thing.
Well, of all the days for them like, uh, bailout at 9.53, not that it's a big deal,
but it's just, it's like in the back of your mind.
Like, I know the phone is going to ring.
I know because I FedEx called me on Friday.
And why the hell did they do that?
Package showed up in town on Friday.
And I said, well, what are you going to be delivering?
And she called to tell me how much the customs is.
And I put the money in the envelope and it's all sitting there.
Uh, uh, well, on Monday, we'll be delivering it Monday.
So I'm assuming maybe because it's the holidays and your back-up with the schedule stuff like that.
You'll be pleased to know the Sunday's shining and the temperature is...
But turn it in, man.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How come they, uh, I know Greg Reed and the Beasley or whatever, they, they, they, they home power 96.
Why couldn't they put Howard on there?
Yeah, that's what I said a couple weeks ago.
They should have put him on FM.
Because A.M. I mean, it's, it's so old and...
Still.
Yeah, it's hard to get the signal.
Oh, wait.
Plus we got that Spanish-language music in the background.
That's salsa crap in here.
I don't mind that so much because, you know, it makes me want to listen hard, you know.
Yeah.
But have a lovely, uh, I'm not touching that, Joyce.
I'm not touching that in any way, shape or foam.
Well, it's 10.21 already.
We're moving right along.
This is, this is an embarrassment to me because you just, uh, you know, you're free.
I don't want to say anything that it's like, don't do anything that you're going to do after 11 o'clock.
Because that's the show.
Although, you know, we got a few people that stumbled across this.
That's good.
This keeps pushing that dial.
Check back with us, folks.
Just keep checking back to see when Howard's in the mood to go home or maybe he had an appointment or maybe he had a case of wild diarrhea or something like that.
Now, did anybody come in there and tell us, give us the dates when Stern is going to be available now for the rest of the year on his, uh, hiatus?
Yeah, the last two weeks.
So next week and then we get to, oh, brother.
All I can say that is.
Oh, my gosh.
So let's, uh, let the audience know maybe this is like a practice run.
This is a dry run for the last two weeks of the year that we're going to be on starting at 10 a.m.
Every, well, I mean, 10.05, 10.03.
Whenever they make way for us, right in those last, whatever they finally graciously step aside and let us, uh, step into your living rooms and bedrooms and addics.
And whatever your basement, a lot of basements in Florida, 5 6 7 0 5 6.
Maybe we'll hear from a lady in the shower. What do you think?
Oh, huh, since we never have any email callers anyway, easy to get through this hour. Trust me.
Just pop it right on there.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
The pound 5 6.
The end of a rising and singular wireless line.
Anybody watch the game last night?
Little bit.
Skins in the Eagles.
Exciting ending.
Watch the entire game.
I don't want to think the same mistake I did last week when I watched and two would like two minutes left and went to bed.
Bad move.
Again.
Eagles did everything in their power to try to let the redskins win that game when you agree with it.
What a horrible pass at the end, by the way.
Just unbelievable.
And I will say this.
Whoever, whoever, uh, either called her fast earlier in a week about that trio that do the ESPN game.
Not me for getting about them for a minute.
Yeah.
I don't want to keep seeing Terrell Owens or Terrell or whatever you want to come.
I don't want to keep seeing him sitting on the bench with his toucan.
Okay.
Uh, it means nothing.
It has nothing to do with what's going on.
We know what he looks like.
We know he's there when he, uh, defenses on the field.
We know he's sitting over there and about.
We don't need to see him all the time.
It has nothing to do with anything.
He's a star.
He's a shining star.
Oh, give me a break already.
Where you're plus.
He's waiting.
You know, as night said, cough up the ball when he stripped the ball.
It descends on a five-year-old line.
But, uh, those three clowns on their thysman and Paul McGuire, who's just a clown.
Another one from Buffalo, by the way.
And, uh, Mike, what's the guys doing?
Mike, they're terrible.
All they do with the entire game.
The whole game is the three of them second-guess every play.
They just better.
Yeah, they bicker at a second-guess every of the officials, uh, the calls, every
the play.
Although I did like the fact that they were ripping a hell out of the bad place.
That was good, because most guys don't have the balls to do that.
And McGuire was like, oh, sorry, Donna.
Donna Shalaylee, you have his upset.
I said, we're in balls.
But, uh, no, no, she's, she's another one.
Somebody asked, bitch, always, we always have to cater and all the silly ass.
Well, Donna Shalaylee was upset.
Well, we don't really care.
Okay, screw you, Donna.
And the whole university in Miami would always respect you.
Hey.
And you're, and you're good, buddy.
Here's the guy.
Another loser.
Yeah, they're awful.
But what's his name for a number 11 and quarterback?
Patrick Ramsey.
Ramsey, yeah.
Very, very good.
Mike Patrick Ramsey.
See how it all fits in together?
Yeah.
Patrick Ramsey.
Oh, and then what's her name?
Not Leslie Visser.
What's the one they got on their body, uh, body Bernstein, Judy Jerome?
What's her name?
Body.
We have a body burst.
He's on an ESPN.
No, who's the one that's on this?
Is it a Sully Colbert?
Whoever it is.
So, what's his story about Bert Jones?
What's his name?
Patrick?
No, Bert Jones.
Bert Reynolds.
Bert Jones.
He used to be quarterback for the cults before you were born and played LSU.
And how Patrick Ramsey is, how his son is good friends with Bert Jones and how he used
to go to the house all the time hang out with Bert Jones.
And they could hear his, they could hear him walking up the stairs because his knees were
creaking.
And she's telling the story in the meantime, we miss a play on the field.
All of a sudden the crap is going on.
It's just unbelievable the telecast.
But you're right.
That throw it there at the end of the game.
People have been shot for less than that.
That was unbelievable.
They're an easy field goal range, right?
The worst they're going to do is tie, sending it in overtime.
Guess what?
Surprise!
Here you go.
Get the rapid.
Guys in triple coverage for LSU.
Of course, a lot of us who are Patriot fans are hoping that like crazy, the Eagles would
lose another game which would be nice that we're only going to be Pittsburgh and New England
would be the only 12-1 teams.
But at least we're not two in 12 anyway, two in 11.
Sorry.
So that's a Monday night game next week, right?
Yes.
Mo better get all worked up for that.
Better be ready for it Mo.
It's going to be really ugly.
I promise you.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, palmy.
How's our Fox hiring Dave Wandsett to do color on the game?
And this guy, he sucked into coach and when he gives his opinion like there was one play in the first quarter
where they challenged him.
He goes, oh that's a good challenge and they lost the challenge.
Yeah, now what happened was that was that the 49er game?
Yeah, 49er game.
That was a perfect game for him and two girls teams.
Arizona and San Francisco, that was a good game for Wandsett era.
But listen to him, he's like saying, well we've got the ball now.
I'm like, what is this guy talking about?
We?
Yeah, we.
Who is we?
I don't know.
I could keep on he was 49ers coach for something.
But to run in.
And then listen to him, he would buy and marry to a game.
Oh, it is.
He is.
And closing, and closing and the top friends are in the wash column.
Yeah.
He used to a palmy, he used to it.
There was a cost of column in a heraldous morning.
Nobody put a violin on it.
And then he said, I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
I'm not sure if he was going to get it.
That's a power manure that covers over this performance by the Dolphin.
Baby.
Hey, my Teril.
What are you doing here?
Oh, my f***ing bird down.
I need to take a long part.
What the f***ing bird down?
What were you asking?
Looking so f***ing hard.
Baby.
It's one in a f***ing star.
Look, it's one in a f***ing star.
I'm not even your little f***ing.
I'm f***ing f***ing f***ing.
Hey, this is major.
We've got parsails and the f***ing boys.
And Dunham and Neeson.
What about my f***ing?
What about?
What the f***ing?
Well, you f***ing fit.
All of Philadelphia is counting on you.
Well, I can't f*** myself.
I f***ing f***ing the uti-o.
Then how about you tell me what's better than to meet that f***ing?
You know I can't tell you that.
Then I got a f***ing f***ing.
Terrell, wait.
Oh f***ing f***ing.
James, go ahead and f***ing do something without me.
Oh my god.
Who watched this f***ing f***ing sex?
Why is f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing?
That one is just so f***ing f***ing f***ing.
Look.
I don't know if you should watch.
Also, especially.
The f***ing f***ing trickle tripple.
People, ESPN last night, for a fixating on Donovan and McNambe sitting on a sideline picking his nose.
That was special, too.
And you would think that at one point after they saw you know,
oh, cut away from that.
And they just said Neeson.
The game is going on, by the way.
But we need to see McNambe sitting on a sideline digging for gold.
That was nice.
One time when he was in college at Syracuse they had him on TV throwing up on the sideline.
Really?
Yes.
Unless you're as special.
Here's a fact from Dave the cop who is not so special.
He's chronic.
Get a life already.
Will you please?
Will you please?
I have no right.
Says happy Hanukkah.
I'm not celebrating Hanukkah or any other stupid holiday.
Okay, Dave the cop.
And ends tomorrow night, not Wednesday.
Now, did you say it ends Wednesday?
I thought it ended Wednesday, but that's what you know.
I don't know.
Because you're like me.
You're just a gastronomic dude.
You just eat the food.
You don't care about the rest of it.
Exactly.
I like it a lot.
It started last Tuesday night.
Oh, there's nothing like some good election coveller.
Make some nice, uh, ribboness or some kisky.
Oh, boy.
Potato, potato, girl.
Mmm.
After finally coming out of deep depression over the kernels, getting swept out of red sauce,
then, three losing a week later, he says, I fell back into what yesterday after watching eat the press.
Howard Dean is so damn intelligent and present, and she'll make me sick that he was a buried after a small stumble last February.
He didn't make any stumble, Dave the cop.
He didn't make any stumble.
The media took something in like, uh, which we don't have to go through that again.
Says the man is articulate and forthright.
Much like Mario Cuomo was in the 80s.
The only problem is he didn't have any mafia people in his background like Mario Cuomo did.
So they had to come up with some other crime to answer you with a Howard Dean.
Make sure he didn't have no shot.
Howard Dean would have won by like ten points.
He would have buried Bush.
It says, funny thing, both were kept far away from running for president against one bush or another.
Says, Dave the cop.
Happy to do it again today.
The cop, which I didn't even know he was Jewish.
And quite frankly, he couldn't care less.
10.35.
I got an appointment in about two minutes, so I'll see you.
Bye.
Stop and think about how ass and I am this is.
You know, you talk about ego.
And I don't care.
I mean, I got a pretty good contract too, but this guy must have a contract that's just absolutely unstealable and unspeakable.
Not only does he go on to whenever he feels like it after 10 o'clock, but if he so decides,
and before 10 o'clock he takes off.
Here's the Howard Stern show from 6 till whatever the hell he feels like, I leave in his majesty.
Boy, it works for me.
Does it really?
What other job does he have?
He has any calls about steak houses yet.
Beasts as Ruth Chris blows.
No, that's not true.
Now, have you eaten any of the other ones?
Yes, I told you I ate enough peanuts and Scottsdale and it was talking about peanuts and Scottsdale.
I'm talking about like in a civilized place.
Have you eaten it to one or four later today?
No.
So what do you know?
There's one North Miami Beach, too, I believe.
I didn't eat there.
No, choral gables.
Well, what do they know about good steak and choral gables?
They are.
They get some good restaurants and choral gables.
They used to.
I don't think that's a problem.
They have Nazi, at Normans, and...
What is it?
They're going to like good restaurants and keep...
What about Christie's?
Christie's is great.
There, that's great.
Yeah.
Little Christie's?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 and a Verizon and a singer row.
I'm just sitting here until my package comes with my...
And then I think what I'll all end up doing is...
You guys do the show and I'll install my demons during the show, the CD deaths.
All right.
WDQ AMP, hello.
Hey, happy holidays, Anthony.
And glad to you, sir.
Listen, I got real giddy when I heard Robin Watton up at the 58,
because I knew we were all in for a treat.
We had an actual hour.
What do you mean, 48?
What's it about, 9.58 or so?
53, we played 55?
For seven minutes.
Well, I'm sorry.
I'm having trouble keeping count here.
Yes, so a whole lot of.
Listen, I want to tell you the good news.
They just opened up a brand new public, not two blocks away from my house.
Oh, right.
And like, property values are up 5% already.
And you wouldn't believe what they had there before was a Vada data.
Have you ever heard of those?
The what?
A Vada data, it's like Windixi in downtown Little Habana.
It's the work.
I don't see.
But they got really bad.
Never heard of it.
Yeah, well, they rounded up all the green tooths and guava Vadas and youth announced them or something.
I don't know, but it's beautiful.
It's a little smaller than a normal public's, but, you know, size doesn't count when the food is fresh.
Public's is always great.
It's beautiful and the bathrooms are nice and clean.
The bathrooms?
Oh, yeah.
Well, I don't go there to the bathroom.
You know, you need to go to supermarkets and crew the tea rooms.
Is that what you need in your spare time?
No, listen, sometimes you're passing by and you got a, you got a whole,
you're passing a couple and right.
Okay, enjoy the fresh fruit that holds with that kind.
I actually do that too.
You do what?
If I'm out on the road and I have to go, a public's is a great place to go.
Public says public restrooms?
Yeah.
I never knew that.
You have to be Schmidt and me, man.
Public has public has public's restrooms.
Yeah, right there, man.
You walk in by the registers down front and there you go.
What?
Usually by like, they, where they have like the movies or the magazines.
What are you talking about?
Movies or the magazine?
In the front of the store.
There's restrooms in the front of the store of the public's.
I think you, I think you're all doing drugs.
I've never, in my lifetime, I've never been in a, in a supermarket that had public restrooms.
Never heard of it.
I kid you not.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I have some use of these.
This is their last, this is their farewell performance today at BCBX.
I'm going to get in reconditions.
Stick them in the closet and we'll always have a spare.
It's always good when your thing breaks down to have a spare, you know?
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
WBQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Is it Neil?
Sounds like me, yes.
Hey, they're absolutely correct, sir.
I just, I'm up here Wellington.
I stopped.
I relieved myself to public.
I just walked out.
They're under radio.
You're talking about it.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
I'm going to tell me where the restrooms are because BCBX is they're up by the checkout.
You go in the front, you go in the front of the large and they're right up in the front of the building.
I right next to the checkout cop.
They are?
Yep.
I bought myself a newspaper when in there.
When the library came back out and you were talking about it.
Nice and thank you.
When I come home in a few days, I'm going to spend about half of my time taking a gigantic dump at public.
Just, I just make up a lot of time.
I'm going to raise it.
Nice work, pal.
All right, buddy.
Take care.
Have a great holiday.
All these years, I told you.
Oh my God, I can't tell you the number of times I've been in public and nature started like, oh, see, am I going to make it?
I'm actually going to get home and I would have had no idea where to go.
The worst is when you're halfway through like the produce section.
You have a basket that will full of stuff.
Yeah.
No one do you do?
Do you just leave your basket there and you're going to do it?
You tell me.
I don't know.
You seem to be the expert on this.
You leave a fiscal to task it.
You just let go of your basket.
You just leave it there hoping it will be there when you come back out.
You sure as hell, probably not a good idea to take the basket inside the tea room with you, I wouldn't think.
Huh?
5, 6, 7.
Oh, 5, 6, 10.
All these years, I've lived and never knew that public said public restrooms.
That is just a fabulous thing.
That's going to make me want to stay there all year round.
Come in to QAM.
Hello.
Yeah, I can talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Yeah, let's draw the whining about Howard.
Oh, again with you, man.
Don't you have a different line?
You got anything different?
No, but I thought you talked about it.
Yeah, that's all.
How much did we spend like 60 seconds on that this hour?
And let me say it again.
It's not whining.
It's a fact.
Okay, nobody wants to have no idea when our show starts in this business.
Okay, that's just the way it is.
Go back to New York.
Get on the subway.
Maybe Bernie gets so we'll meet you.
Okay, and they leave them.
Just amazing.
The mentality of some of these people.
That's where I'm at.
That's where I'm where I'm coming from.
Okay, that's my take on this whole disaster.
Nobody wants to be sitting around like thinking they're coming on 10, 30, 10, 45.
And then almost a standby.
Like like we're on the end of a string.
Okay, Jackass?
Every, every 10 days this guy has to call what?
What's older?
Why do you want to hear about Howard?
Because we don't like it.
Okay, we don't like it.
Most of our audience don't like it.
And this show has got to have a starting time.
Is it 10?
Is it 11?
Is it 10, 45?
Is it a week from a circus?
When does the show start?
That's all.
Very simple.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What about this?
I'm put on the best of from 10 to 11.
Or is that worse for you as far as your contracting money?
What do you mean by that?
I'm not going to play those crappy tapes.
Are you crazy?
Why would that just a way to get back in place?
Yeah, okay, thanks.
How's that?
That was Fat Boy doing a voice.
We're not playing tapes under any circumstances.
How's that all that?
I was going to play the alien in the Pope tape.
Now, what are we doing on Christmas and New Year's?
See, once upon a time before we lost all the sports to the other station
at 790 ESPN Radio where Joe Rose is now.
Well, they're on Saturday, no?
What?
Both Christmas and New Year's is on Saturday.
Oh, that's right.
What about the day before?
Who knows?
Of course, I really don't give a crap because I'm not going to be there anywhere.
I'll be on vacation.
But I don't think George wants to work like Christmas Eve the day before.
Every other stuff.
Don't we usually have on the past always?
We had bowl games.
We had bowl games.
Yeah, that's what.
What count Thanksgiving?
Well, that's the end of the whole Thanksgiving Day Games.
We don't have that anymore.
On New Year's Eve is the Cain's bowl game, on the 31st.
On New Year's Eve.
Well, that's going to do a lot of good at what is it?
8 o'clock at night, 730?
Yeah.
But the pregame show starts before that.
Yeah, the pregame show starts 10 in the morning, so we're safe.
There you go.
No calls about steak houses, man.
These people, their whole mentality must be in a different direction.
They're talking about getting rid of it, not eating it.
Because they agree with me.
They agree with you on what?
That's the...
That's the...
No, I didn't say that.
Your taste is in your tush.
No wonder you spend so much time squatting in publics.
WNQ-AM, hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to you.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
By the way, if publics, when you walk in, you make a right and hang like right by those windows,
and the bathroom is always all right along the very edge of the front of the store.
Really?
Yeah, you walk in, make a right, and you go...
And it's the...
You know, they make the bell design, they stand things the same way.
It's all the way on the right, right at the front of the store.
The other thing is, the guy who called about your show and complaining about Howard,
I've been at the house, Sternsford, and started 6am every morning for that idiot.
You know, he'd be concerned.
Yeah, right, right.
If he tuned to the 60th at the beginning of the show, assuming he gets up that early,
and you have a cap...
And he shows start like at 6.25 or 5.40, or...
It's just not the way the real world operates, okay?
Absolutely.
I agree with you 100-pick it per cent.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
I'll see you at the...
I'll see you in stall number three.
Okay.
5.60, 05.60.
I've actually defeated Beast as a kind of guy that either...
One of two things, either rights graffiti on a restroom walls, or...
Yeah.
Probably has a portable drill, a battery operator, and probably drills glory holes...
No.
...in public restroom.
I do see...
I do see like that kind of person to me.
I do bring my internet phone in so I can, you know, surf the net while I'm...
Do you really?
Yeah, but...
Yeah, because in your case, it's probably like a long-pit stuff.
5.60, 7.05.60, pound 5.60, and a Verizon and a Singular one.
This is going to be a marathon today, you know?
Just in the whole psychological way that this thing came down.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, what if you're going to do a death watch list for next year?
Okay.
What do you want to put on it?
Well, I know I don't want to put Keith Richards on it.
I've lost money out of him since 1974.
Yeah.
I'm trying to see who else I can bet on this year.
Okay, we'll do some research, get back to us.
5.60, 7.05.60, pound 5.00, no ladies, not one.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, I'd like to get on.
You're on.
I'm on.
Neil, I'm on.
How's that for service, huh?
I'm in total shock.
Yeah.
Neil, first of all, thank God for you.
I am the VAT firm expert.
Let me give you the love of this.
I'll be there.
I'm on with the pneumatic drill.
Low down real fast.
Okay, as far as public.
First of all, there are in different locations and different stores,
depending on the age, you know, one's the design of the store.
And some of them are pretty darn nice, you know?
But I am.
No, I got a tell.
Really, I am seriously.
This is going back to New York with VAT firms and office buildings.
I was going to write a book.
I may still do it on the best VAT firms.
But the thing is, as far as like if you're shopping, because this happens to me many, many times.
And seriously, if you're shopping, you've got stuff, you don't want them to resheld it.
What I do, and I have like tote bags and pocket book, I take.
I just asked a store, you know, a floor guy, and you know, doing inventory of stocking.
Could you please watch this or, if I've already checked out by customer service.
And they're not always that good.
They do turn away from your stuff sometimes.
But you just say, can you watch my wagon, please?
Please watch my wagon, yeah.
All right.
Okay.
The cleanest, I mean, public is good.
What a Dixie, and what's the other Albert's in a little.
This for Goyam.
Okay, good luck to you, Poundy.
Okay.
Perfect.
See ya.
Wow, wow, wow.
5.6, Stabmo.
We got the T-room expert's calling in right now.
Some of the T-room perverts, T-room experts.
So you talk with two things we talked about.
Basically, it was a great steak houses and taking a dump in your supermarket.
And obviously, this audience, we see what's direction they're going in.
W-A-A-M, hello.
This show is nothing without George.
No, okay, great.
That is true.
Okay, thanks, Maddie.
That was Maddie.
We called with a sock in his mouth.
W-A-M, hello.
5.60?
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm, I thought you were screening.
I just want to move over.
We aren't screening.
That's why you're on right now.
Because we ain't screening, man.
We don't screen on this screen.
We don't show.
Oh, Neil, sorry.
We don't talk to a one from Little Havana.
First of all, you know what I mean?
Yes, listen.
What, this thing about the frog.
The frog coming out of the sky.
Right.
If they're getting picked up out of a pond, why aren't there lay pads and seaweed and other stuff falling out of this?
Because the lily pads are like, uh, how many of them are lily pads?
I don't know.
The lily pads most of them are like rooted to something.
They got roots.
I guess people might not mention it because it doesn't seem as big a feel as the frog hitting them.
Yeah.
Well, go watch Magnolia and call me back.
Let me know how you liked it again.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Have you seen Magnolia?
No.
Why do you say it like that?
I haven't watched it.
I haven't watched it.
I did.
I watched it before 30 this morning.
Right.
And liked it.
I did.
I think Magnolia did like even better.
All right.
I'll go get it.
Go get it.
Trust me when I tell you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 out of a horizon and singular right of a line.
WQAM.
Yeah.
430 this one.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
As far as the beast goes, you wouldn't know a stakeout.
If you knew I'm loser.
Yeah.
That's true.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I sure do.
The root crisis, root crisis, it is good.
He doesn't know anything.
No, root crisis isn't good.
Root crisis is great.
Root crisis is great.
Root crisis is outstanding.
And that's the holiday state now.
Back to you, Pally.
All right.
See?
There you go.
He says, you don't know your meat.
Oh, come on.
I know my meat.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, I'm Neil.
Speak up, sir.
Come on.
We're just waiting for you.
What's the world of food trucks?
If you got that fat guy in beef there, you guys like my food all the time?
Yeah.
What do you want to talk about, sir?
What would you like to discuss?
What would you like to lay on us, huh?
Just to make it fun of that fat beast guy.
No, I'm okay.
Lost.
Losers.
Loser.
Loser.
What are your buddies from U.M.?
No doubt.
I'll have to go.
I don't think we have anybody who listened to this show at U of M.
I didn't listen when I was going to school there until they had a bud-paxing in the
room.
One day, a featured guest, one of my kids.
Oh, yeah.
And one of these little cuba girls was like, Mr. Boxing, how could you allow the new
Rogers to be on the air in your station?
And then after that, I listened.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, I want to talk about steak houses.
Yes, sir.
Absolutely.
The steak house in America is in Palm Beach, it's Rachel's, it's a strip club, but that's
the best steak in the world.
Yeah.
It's a strip club?
Yeah.
It's a gentleman's club.
A gentleman's club without standing meat.
Okay, well, that's what everybody likes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, he's got a Rachel Hunter on our beanie curtain today, by the way, sir.
And we don't quite frankly care that much about great steak houses in Palm Beach.
All of it, we do have plenty of people listening in Palm Beach, but with all, do we expect, like
I said, get lost.
It is good, though.
You've eaten at that joint?
I have, yes.
Rachel's, it's actually a pretty popular place, like a Boshka restaurant.
Where is it?
It's, wow, it's like, it's two eggs, it's past, bullbright, it's up near like Lake Worth almost.
Oh my God, it's almost like a West Palm beach.
Well, here's the fact that it says, I think all grocery stores must be required to have public
restrooms.
On South Beach, there was a grocery store down on 5th and Washington, which is closed down.
You had to go through the back where they had those hanging plastic strips to keep the cool air in.
What?
Hanging plastic strips to keep the cool air in?
Yeah, usually if there's like a refrigerated section, there's a hanging plastic strip to divide that in the non-refrigerated section.
It says, then you pass the fresh produce that's just been shipped up the wooden stairs.
Dr. Grandma's house where they dry goods are being stored down the wooden plank platform and low and behold an official public bathroom in the storage loft near the roof.
Oh, right.
And by the time you got there, you probably left the, the Chernobyl trail.
God, to me, I mean, if you're out on the road, the easiest, the best place usually, unless it turns out to be a filthy place, is like a fast food joint.
And you've got to have public turlits, no?
Yeah, but you think those are the best places?
As far as like quick, easy, usually uncrowded, if you're in London, it's like you're in a middle of lunch or dinner hour, but clean is the key.
McDonald's, Booger King, which has the only reason I was going there was to leave something, not to take something out.
Arby's, any of those plays Kentucky Fried, how about a Taco Bell?
Taco Bell would be great to leave a Christmas log.
You don't think?
Or two.
Or Denny's?
I told him a little about Denny's in London story in Orlando many, many years ago about how I flushed it and unfortunately the toilet was a whoever preceded me had done a very good job of getting rid of what they left.
And so as a result, the toilet was plugged up.
Or I'll just say I plugged it up, I could do it.
And as I pushed the handle down, the water started coming over the top of the bowl.
Needless to say, I made a quick B-line out of there.
And as I was heading toward the exit of Denny, you could start seeing the water coming under the door.
But I didn't stick around logging up for the flood.
Yeah, well, I would you.
And my way out, I said, I think Noah's in there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, we've all had our public restroom stories, right?
Is there anybody who has an exciting episode?
Sure, everyone's had their experience.
Matt and Boca says, watch my wagon is what I say inside the restroom.
I have to agree with your crawlers.
Public says the best restroom is out of all supermarkets by far.
And by the way, what's the talk radio like up in Canada?
I imagine it's more toward the progressive side of the aisle.
No, I really don't think it's at all progressive.
Number one, number two, I couldn't begin to tell you Matt because I don't listen to the radio ever.
Not rarely, not seldom, ever, never, never.
That's because I don't have a car here, number one.
And number two, even if I did, I probably listen to music.
Radio here is pretty constipated, pretty stale, right?
It is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, oh, it's almost 11 o'clock already.
Is it soup yet or what?
God, this is just, this is agony.
WDQA and hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a much better idea than public screw-off.
Yeah.
When you're out on the road, find a hotel, ask about the race, and then go use your bathroom.
We'll give it there.
That is a good one.
Screw off.
Yeah, but that's a long process, man.
Hey, if you've got to take a shit, you've got to take a shit.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
Excellent point.
Oh, man.
As a matter of fact, I've put you to the empty Amsterdam stories they're old and steered.
Yeah.
About the Barbos on Palace and the Crasnepulse, in the fact that when you're like cruising around the red light district in Amsterdam, when you're in that part of town,
which is just about all the tourists generally are.
And you're walking around because one thing in that town, you're not going to go to a restaurant and say, oh, can I use your restroom right?
First of all, most of those joints, most of those real dumping, CD places, you don't even go in there in the first place.
Mark's like, check out what's going on there in their magic room.
You can only begin to imagine what's crawling around in there.
But a nice clean hotel like the Barbos on Palace, and they go in and just pass the cashiers, the stairs, go take it out and stairs.
The beautiful restrooms would like nice, not even paper, but like cloth towels, you know, a little mini towel.
Really classy, very nice.
So when nature is calling in Amsterdam, when your innards are about to give out, that's a place to go.
All you can always go to McDonald's and say, how do they put red?
Tent on the dam, right?
1056 at 560 QM, the show starts in a minute.
You're listening to the real rushes.
It's on 560 QM.
This is your brain.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain being chopped away by a fine home meat cleaver.
This is your brain in a blender.
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Brain, real food for real people.
I'm George W. Bush, and I approve this message.
It's commonsensible.
Rarely is the question asked, how is our children learning?
Families, it's where our nation finds home.
Where wings take dreams.
You're working hard to put food on your family.
Prison's like Abu Gharab.
In my state of the Union, or state, my state of the nation, or whatever you want to call it, speech and nation.
No, Tejagraimos, Aningu, Nino, at Ross.
I'm honored to shake the hand of a brave Iraqi citizen who had his hand cut off by Saddam Hussein.
You teach your child to read, and hear her will be able to pass a literacy test.
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.
They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.
There's an old saying in Tennessee, I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee, that says,
this fool me wants shame on you.
It's fool me, can't get fooled again.
I hear there's rumors on the internet.
Too many good dots are getting out of business.
Too many OB-GYNs aren't able to practice their love with women all across this country.
You're free, and freedom is beautiful.
And it'll take time to restore chaos and order, but we will.
I'm sure it's not the administration.
It's 11.01, happy Monday, too.
We're just starting to show officially right now.
In case you're just tuning in, expecting the show to start at 11 o'clock, guess what?
Mr. Nour.
Oh, man, it was a lot about...
Yeah.
These wanted to talk about the great state, but instead most of the audience rather talk about public restrooms,
at public's, credible joints.
But nevertheless, we killed it, okay, I guess.
So tomorrow, we'll just sit on the...
In fact, all week long, I guess that's going to go on, right?
Yeah.
Well, it's the holidays, you know, maybe having an important appointment for our Tannuca, something like that.
There was our poll from Friday and over the weekend, and I want to apologize on behalf of Eric,
who really screwed up big time according to Jive.
Eric really screwed all of us over bad.
You know, Saturday, like I always do, even though it was a little late in the evening,
but nevertheless, it wasn't like real late, like two in the morning, or anything.
I emailed my general bunch of great bed times stories for our very prestigious website, and guess what?
Yesterday, I'm looking at our website all day long, 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock, noonish, 1 o'clock.
And it's the same crap on there from Saturday.
And I'm thinking to myself, what is going on here?
So about five, I finally sent an email to Eric, and that's all last night.
At about 904, we sponge with his own email saying, oh, sorry about that.
They're all up now.
Not a clock by a snipe.
Now, you know anything about that, do you, Josh?
No, I don't.
Here's the poll question from Friday.
Who is the biggest sellout?
It was Eric's screw up, wasn't it?
Who is the biggest sellout?
Colin Powell and John McCain were just in a death grip, man.
This was a great contest.
Colin Powell 377, John McCain 357, only 20 votes out of over 1800, almost 1900 votes.
Tired of that, which is ass, man.
Colin Powell wins by 20, both gigantic sellouts.
And now they're talking about touting McCain for being there, running for present in 2008.
Do you know how old he's going to be by then?
Like 70 something, right?
Plus, we don't need to have a present who's like right cheek is falling off of his face.
Jesus, God.
Ricky, no, seriously, he's like, he looks like, I know it's chemo and skin cancer all night.
He's bad.
Plus, he's a full of crap.
Another sellout.
Ricky Williams 185 sold the team down the river, Ricky.
He must have known what was coming.
And if I have to see AJ touchy-feely anymore, air, air replay, air replay, air replay, air replay, desperate move.
Like, what a play is over.
He's like shaking his hand.
He's grabbing his ass.
He's like, oh, my back.
It's a physical game.
Okay, it's a contact sport, Mr. AJ.
Get used to it, especially with that great offensive line.
Ricky Williams 185, Phil Henry 170, a strong fourth.
Are you sure?
Dennis Miller 142, Alex P.P.
Picania 96, John Kerry 85, Zell Miller, old Yahoo, Zell Miller from Jojo 83, rooted Juliannie 79.
I wonder how Rudy and Bernie Kerakara are doing this week.
Wayne, how's it going to 74?
Make up your mind, Wayne.
Is it soup?
Is it fruit?
Is it cereal?
What is it?
You idiot.
Condoleez 56.
Or Condoleez, like the guy who called in said.
Dick Morris 33, Mark McGrath 5, I think it's McGrath 27.
Steve Cain 25, triple his audience, Zell voted for him.
George Foreman 24, which we like George Foreman on the show.
Everybody's got to have the lean, mean, grilling machine.
What's wrong with George Foreman?
Like, not getting his brains knocked out anymore and going on there and being like a TV celebrity, right?
Is he a good guy?
Yeah, we like George Foreman.
And we like the lean, mean, grilling machine.
Rick Riley 21, George Lucas 15, and Julie Rubin 9.
We sound not really sure I understand what that means.
He is what he is.
He's an orthodox fanatic Jew and now they want to prop him up to be the next home-line security choice.
Until they're probably going to find out, probably Bush will get talked in the nominating him and then they'll find out he ate tray for once upon a time.
Oh, that'll be the end of him.
Rachel Hunter is on our beaded curtain today.
Born September, I'm hoping it's the right one.
This is the right one, isn't it?
Born September 9, 1969 off the New Zealand.
She's got a tattoo on her lower back of the beat logo for her production company.
Anyway, here's her filmography briefly.
Perfect product.
It's not out yet.
You and your stupid mate for next year is completely but not the out next year.
Larva also for next year.
El Padrino.
Who else did we have on from El Padrino last week?
Somebody, didn't we?
I don't know.
Here we go.
Denial, haunted lighthouse, redemption to ghost, azy, pendulum, rock star, boys club, MacArthur Park, winding roads, just goes on and on.
She was also on the, where is it?
Oh yeah.
Howard Stern show, a March 22nd, 2004, and Jimmy Kimmel live and Howard Stern, late-chair, whatever.
What kind of stuff?
Take a peek.
Okay.
It's not up to the great standards as the one we had there from Friday.
Who was on Friday?
Who was it?
That will bang.
That's something like the back of our event.
But boy, that was a good picture.
That was from way back when she looked really sensational.
Here's the whole question today.
We need some help on this.
Oh, by the way, eight more US soldiers that are with the weekend.
The total is 1289 if anybody cares.
Is anybody here?
Oh.
Now they lost count.
What a week here, you know?
They signed up for dangerous duty.
They're going to have to make do with the best they got.
It's all the way over there.
No one cares.
Rumsfeld needs to be.
He needs to be here.
I would say on death row by the end of the year.
Which celebrity is most successful only because of his or her personal appearance?
In other words, no talent.
Now I just started with a short list.
Let me change the poll.
Let me reach over here and click my thing.
Which celebrity is most successful only because of personal appearance?
Brittany, Brittany Spears, and Rikaegrecius, or Aston Kuchikuchi Kuchikuchi.
Right?
That wouldn't be like most of Hollywood?
Yeah.
No.
Okay.
No, because when you come right down to it, the first number one, most of Hollywood
are all that good looking to begin with.
Now you wouldn't say Brad Pitt is only successful.
I mean, you could put him on there if you want, but once in a while he can act.
Not usually not, but once in a while he's in the movie where he has to begin with.
Yeah, he would be.
Yeah, he wouldn't be where he is if he wasn't, you know, some stuff.
Well, so put him on there.
Okay.
Put him on.
That's the idea of the whole thing.
Which one is most successful because of the fact that they look good.
In other words, if they had no good looks, they wouldn't, they'd be out there on the shoe shine stand on the street corner.
Right.
Let's see.
It says here on my, please, oh, this has got to be from that Jackass neighbor, his from that day Friedman guy.
Please tell me that Jeff High is okay from the debacle last week.
You know, he's a sick man needs a job.
Don't pick on him.
Screw you, man.
Screw you.
You're crazy as he is.
He's a sick man.
He's sick, all right.
We're sick of him.
And his devious lies and BS and throwing George and anybody else under the bus with his bullcrap.
Don't ever come near that studio again, Jeff High.
God, do I hate him.
He makes Todd Drecklecood.
How do you like that?
Wow.
He makes Gary Sarner seem like a good humor man.
That's what a piece of Terry Jeff High is with his stories.
Suicide bomber kills 13 at Green Zone gate.
A suicide car bomber killed 13 people living in the next to heavily fortified area in central Baghdad, housing the interim government, US Embassy.
And seven US Marines died in combat in western Iraq.
They were killed yesterday in seven incidents in Ann Bar province.
The fighting was the deadliest for US forces since eight Marines were killed by a car bomb outside Fallujah, October 30.
And Baghdad, a vehicle waiting in line to enter the Green Zone at western gate exploded as it drove toward the checkpoint of Iraqi police be saying.
Dr. Mahamad Abdel Satar of Baghdad, Yarmouk said 13 people were killed in 15 wounded in suicide.
Last US military said there were no injuries among its troops in that one.
But we lost eight more American troops over the weekend bringing the grand total to 1289, almost 1300.
No, okay.
And nobody cares.
Nobody gives a crap.
Let's see.
Here's...
Oh yeah.
I'm...
This facts is great because I forgot to add that's not the word I don't think.
So sorry I missed a show on Friday.
The biggest sellout was Polly.
From the Godfather.
Remember Polly?
Yeah.
In fact I think we got...
Oh yeah, here it is.
We actually have it.
Oh Polly wants to hear him no more.
Yeah.
See, one thing about Clemens, he didn't wait to go to the supermarket.
He had to take a leak when he ran away to...
Look for the mattress.
The place for the mattresses.
So he just got out of the car and then...
I'm banging.
That was the end of Polly.
Clemens was great.
See, that would never be a good pull.
We've done a pull on who's your favorite character.
Oh, there's the phone.
Keep going.
Talk.
All right.
See any good movies lately?
I saw Blade.
It was really bad.
Did he?
Man, man, man.
Man, man, man.
Yeah, I was surprised to be because the first...
Man, man.
The first two was for you.
Have you seen the first two?
I haven't seen any one, but because of Jessica Wheels.
That's why I went to see Big Bang.
And...
Zero, let me know.
I don't like...
Or let it run on on on on.
Let it run.
Sorry.
Yeah.
It's very stunning to see.
Yeah, I'm a big fan of Jessica Wheels.
Jessica, there's the shower.
Here's the movie.
Here's the good news.
Yeah.
Let me do my spot, which is time for the spot now anyway.
And then I'm going to go down and...
In fact, more of a bad time for a short break like that, you know?
Right.
And then when you come back, you can play like a long bit or you can confibrillate
to whatever you're doing now because I got to go into my FedEx package.
Okay.
I mean, when your package arrives, you guys will get your package.
Okay.
It's 11 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM, the holiday season to progress.
And the folks at Armstrong Ford are home today want to thank all their
loyal customers for the business and trust.
Everybody knows that Ford makes great vehicles to be competitive armstrong Ford
realizes they need to offer more value.
So Armstrong was the first Ford dealer to offer you tires and batteries
for like plus a Florida sun pass with each vehicle you be buying.
Vice President and General Manager David Rich in the gang also want me to remind you
that Armstrong Ford always has very competitive prices to.
For example, right now drive away in a brand new 2005 F-150 from just 13938
or a new expedition, only 24198.
Great prices added value in friendly service.
That's the armstrong difference when you're ready for a new vehicle,
come to the dealer that treats you just like family.
Armstrong Ford, a homestead, there with Southwest 307 Street,
US1, exit a Campbell driver off the turnpike.
Prices include all factory rebates and discounts with a credit plus tax tag and fees.
Happy holidays to you from your good close pizons at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
You want us into a new Roger.
F-Sculipsing tell me on 5668.
F-Q-A-M.
Business trip, went to luxury car, all Ford's cars, or maybe three-year stops
in adventurous point of tility.
And now Florida residents can save 10% of Florida on any daily weekly rentals.
This car is available at a specific Florida location at 4,
3, 05, 8, 7, 1, 3, 05, 3.
The more information the reservation is, budget.
Get out of the ordinary.
W-Q-A-M is proud to bring you the W-Q-A-M School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course you'll work for free.
Call 1-800-WON-A-B and speak to our Director of Education, Mr. Lenny Marges.
Now you want me to break that down?
A block?
A block, a block, a block, a block.
Yes.
Yes.
What is that?
Box, a ring.
Box, a ring.
You say news?
Yes, news.
Yes, news.
Yes.
I'll take you out of the door.
You need help.
Here we have the door.
The door is beginning to close.
We, we, we, we, we.
Go away, go.
We, we, we, we.
夢 we, we, we, we.
Go away, we, we.
Go away, we, we, we, we.
Go away, we, we, we.
I mean, over here.
We have the associate railroad world.
But you know what you mean?
Stay away from here, it's gonna be cold, wait until you get there.
I'm gonna do it.
Look who scores right now.
But hey else of me.
I got a 12 minute win.
I got a 9 minute win!
That is a 9 minute win.
Holy
Here we have the high top of the heaven!
Ah!
And now open your bookstool and page it with 14.
You can't have them in.
And, ah!
No, that's what I want to repeat.
And, ah!
And, ah!
And, ah!
And go to the English woman's Gaggy Wonderland!
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio!
Ah, radio!
Where you can hear your own voice!
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need
to make your with radio dreams come to you.
I mean, a WQAM School.
WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need.
So, like I was saying, yeah.
Pretty quick work, huh?
Welcome back.
Yeah, got my denons in there.
Ah!
Got the new HCN and finally showed off.
And, by the way, they're still using the DHL,
which is why it gets here maybe late, if at all.
And, and a call Smith for the poll, it says,
before she turned into a blimp.
Oh, look at this.
Classical 1360 AM goes all talking mid-January.
I'm sure you're all excited.
Yeah, we already know about that.
It's crap.
We already know the swill they're putting on here.
I'm another one of those networks in,
you know, like some little town of Missouri somewhere.
Huh?
In East Bumfork, Missouri.
Jessica Simpson, somebody says, and they are absolutely correct.
It's the same one as to the other.
But they were created, they used two or different sheets.
They want to put two on the same sheet.
Oh.
Got it.
Oh, here's that in the call for lead prod.
Okay, so anyway, like I was saying.
Oh, Paulie won't see him no more.
So, sorry I missed the show on Friday.
The biggest sellout was Paulie.
Paulie sold off the old man.
That's trunce.
There's that word again that's, uh,
Santino said in the gut by the member.
That's trunce.
We've been through this once before.
It's not like a dirty word.
I don't think it's like, uh,
what does it really mean?
I don't know how it was.
Trunce.
Somebody will call and tell us.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So, what do you guys do during the interview?
Was that the whole bit you playing?
That was it, man.
That was it?
Yeah.
Well, I'm pretty proud of myself.
In fact, I'm so excited about that.
Maybe what I should do is just take some time out
through in the middle of the show and install the two
then in CVDEC.
So, can let you guys confabulate.
Okay.
Since you did such a great job there, but I don't think so.
Let's see.
Brittany looks like nobody's going to touch Brittany.
The first 38 votes he's already got.
5, 30, man.
Which celebrity is most successful only because of their
personal appearance?
Brittany's got 30.
Actually, Kuchi Kuchi's got 5.
Brad Pitt 2 and, and Rikki's only got 1.
Oh, that and Rikki.
He sure can sing.
Line 9, WDQA and hello.
Yeah, where's the beast been hiding?
Where's he been hiding?
He's been hiding at Ruth Chris.
He's been in a forest.
It's the wintertime.
You know how bears go into the woods and hibernate?
Yeah, I understand that.
That's what he's doing.
I know you're not a big fan of this place,
and I've eaten there,
and I wasn't a big fanator,
but Smith and Walensky's.
Not a good state place.
No, no, no.
There's a great place in Indianapolis.
Have you ever been in Indianapolis for anything
called St. Helmos?
Never come, never going to go to Indianapolis again, sir.
Okay, we're talking about places that people can actually go and eat.
There's a great place in Bismarck, if you're interested.
Yeah, if you're in Bismarck, North Dakota.
Or Pierre South Dakota.
Or if you're listening to Gary LaPierre or Lafayette,
whatever's in there.
Jesus, what is with these people, man?
What is with their story?
I have no life.
WQA and hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Well, something to do, boy.
It's 5.95.
I think it's just around university or somewhere there.
Excellent.
And then yesterday, the newspaper had a big article about
a popular park and the slots and everything.
Right.
And the company that owns a popular park
is a big huge gambling center.
The Lexi Mississippi, right.
And I think what they're going to do is basically
if the spots get approved, they're going to tear it down
and do like a total brand new stank and renovation.
So if you get the sun sun on line,
it was on page, I think it was three in the B-stacks.
Right.
Like what they're doing at Gulf Stream, same thing.
Yeah.
So that'll be good.
Sounds good to me, Pallee.
Thank you.
So yeah.
Well, you know who I would like to have called in some day
or maybe fast, but I know it'll never happen.
And you guys, even because you both go to Vegas.
Yeah.
Damn right.
Hell yeah.
And even though you're too masculine to play the slots,
but I can't give it a lot.
I bet you did.
Oh, well, how do you like that?
I always enjoy having the beast on the show, don't I?
No.
No, but at least you're at least,
you're not insecure like George.
George is that Cuban thing again.
George is so, plus the fact he sounds fruity on the ear.
The machismo.
Yeah.
But he's given me this crap about, well,
real men don't play a slot.
It's only for old ladies and faggots, you know, like,
gay.
Well, I don't, which I don't understand,
because I go out to woodbine all the time, as you know.
And there's like all kinds of people,
as young people, as you know,
and there's a few are.
Gay.
Screamers, but mostly your ordinary pedestrian people,
plus a lot of smelly Europeans.
Give me the will of fortune, I was so happy.
There you go.
That's my game.
That's all I play as a wheel of fortune.
Now, what I was going to say,
and you probably would kill for this,
and so are the rest of us.
There has to be somebody who knows,
who really understands,
in other words, who's worked in a casino
or who's even better than that,
knows how they program them,
because from what I've read,
and it's like this big secret of mysterious thing.
They could tell you, but they'd,
you wouldn't see them anymore.
Yeah.
Well, for when I read,
is the, all the machines are programmed
at the factory, because most people
to play slot machines,
I'm not talking about once in a great while,
like once you're in Vegas,
but people have played them fairly regularly.
Yeah.
They assume that there's all these,
they have all these different theories,
and if you hit the button on the wheel of fortune
with the elbow,
you wouldn't believe the things that I've seen.
You know, the guy that I'm sitting in the button
with his elbow,
and that if there's something you do,
it's going to change.
See, and I don't believe any of that,
because to me, when it's computer program,
there's the random number generator
that determines the combination that's going to come up,
every time you hit the button.
But other than that,
the payout of the machine is already programmed
at the factory.
Yes, all regulated.
No, I understand.
I know that.
We know that, but I'm talking about the,
the ins and the outs,
the hows and the whys and the whereforries.
You see what I'm saying?
Right.
And then, of course,
there are loose machines
and there are tight machines
and all of this other stuff.
So, I mean, I just mentioned that,
and I hope that maybe somewhere along the line,
somebody who actually knows the mechanism
of programming these slots,
especially wheel of fortune,
would like, you know, either call or fax in.
What do you think that would be great?
That would be awesome.
Get a little inside edge, man.
Get the edge.
They've already got,
now, at least in Vegas,
they post the payouts,
you know, 97%.
This carousel pays 98%.
The casinos you have, like, at the tracks,
like here at Wubbine,
they don't give you any percentage,
which I'm thinking what they're paying out is probably
about 30, man.
Pretty low.
But pretty low.
So, you play wheel of fortune, heck yeah.
So, besides being fat and Jewish,
and we do have something in common there,
with love wheel of fortune,
which is probably the worst game to play.
It's a sucker game.
I'm sure of that.
But with that wheel goes, man,
you're just, you know, smiling.
Are you really?
Yeah.
Until it hits 25.
Now, you're playing dollars, I'm assuming?
Uh, you know, it depends on how risk you want to get.
Yeah, I see another recorder.
You're playing quarters,
is that what you're saying?
No, I go back and forth,
depends on the...
Quarter's your plan.
If my Q&A...
Well, it puts like you,
why would you...
Well, you're folks who got the big bus,
tell me, why 20, 30 grand,
to go to Vegas for a weekend.
My dad, right?
My dad played a lot on that.
Well, I couldn't play the $5 machines,
like I do, baby.
Pamela boobs a lot anderson for the pull-ass,
an excellent choice for it.
She didn't have what she's got.
She wouldn't, nobody would have taken a second look at that bitch.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a Verizon singular wireless lines.
Wouldn't it be great to have the inside information,
the edge, to have some clue?
And just say the whole with everybody,
and just go out to the casino every day,
and like, win 15, 20 grand a week.
Be right?
Tax-free.
How's that going?
WDQA, and hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir. Good evening.
Reporting on a very nice steakhouse in Brooklyn,
the superior Louder steakhouse.
Right.
Love their steak sauce, by never eating there.
It's good stuff.
You get this rice, beef steak, tomato,
and the big slice of onion.
Incidentally, with Hanukkah here,
are you going to be getting a new wardrobe by any chance?
Oh, this is the wardrobe, Gagin.
Yes, no matter if I can wait for you for you to send it,
so that might come over to you waiting for me, huh?
When I see it, it's confident.
Oh, is it the 595 spaghetti dinner?
Okay, I'll see you there.
Okay.
Well, that's the guy that's worried about my wardrobe, okay?
For all of you, that's all he ever had.
In fact, this is the first time I think in history
that he's ever called to show with anything else to offer.
Like I said, we don't care about steak houses in New York.
Go back to New York, please.
Pretty please.
Go back to Westbury to Roosevelt Raceway.
It's just a bunch of condos now,
but just to think about the past, you and Jackie Lee.
Go back to Roosevelt, Schmuck.
God, it is good, though, Peter Lucas.
I'm sure it is.
They got the steak sauce.
Of course, the promulter steak sauce is got sugar in it.
That's why it tastes so great.
Well, people, my dad dips the bread.
He pours on the tomatoes.
Yeah, I heard even dips in where we know him.
Maybe.
Of course, when he stinks, those pit stops at publics.
True.
See, I learned something already today.
I really did.
You could have just blown me away with the whole idea.
The fact that other people are verifying it.
Because if you just knew, they told me I said,
oh, yeah, right.
That they have restrooms at public.
Public restrooms at publics.
Now, Windixi, uh-oh.
I don't think I'm stopping there.
26 after 11 at 5, 60, W.
Now, some places are good like to stop in and do a pit stop.
And they just don't buy anything there.
Publics are the least you finish with your business.
And then you go about shopping.
Because it's a mihaya.
It's a pleasure shopping at publics.
But like, when Dixi, you might want to go in and stop
and take a dump there.
But you sure as hell wouldn't want to.
Hey, when you shop, here's a place that you're going to love.
And I don't think they have a public right.
Or have to come with Brandy's.
See, now you've peaked our curiosity.
Everybody's, if I'm a shopping at Brandy's nature,
it's called, and they're going to let me,
I'm sure if you're, you know, mentioned this show.
Say Neil told me that you got a really beautiful,
spanking Brandy, nice, clean restroom.
They'll let you, you know.
Don't you think?
Sure.
To bring your own paper.
When William Shatter starts singing,
even Star Trek fans start buying earplugs.
And now they'll be trying to escape at warp speed
from his new holiday album,
William Shatter Warps Christmas.
On the first day of Christmas,
my true love, being the ultimate,
a dribble in a factory.
Get that thing out of Mr. Zulu.
William Shatter Warps Christmas is filled
with beloved dual-tied songs destroyed
as only Captain Kirk can destroy them.
Set up, roasting, on an open fire.
Kling off, ripping off your nose.
How the hell, oh, thank you.
If you want to explore our really strange new world
of Christmas, listen to what William Shatter does
to jolly old St. Nicholas.
Scally old, let's despise.
Kling off, boy, did he has this one.
Don't you get a single soul?
God, I'm going to say.
We're totally surrounded by fraudulent worship.
It's the hot of ACV that'll make you want to
set your phaser on kill.
William Shatter warps Christmas.
Number 32, I just had a call from Fat Rich,
my close personal friend.
Yeah.
All the fat people are going to stick together.
It was emailing me, the information I was looking for
over and over.
I linked to an article about this stuff.
The slots?
The slots.
What can you, uh, faction my way?
Yeah, for about 10 grand.
Your folks, how much money your folks got?
About 10 million?
No, come on.
Come on, few million.
They got an million.
No.
Get out of here.
Your folks, your families loaded.
We're just average middle class people.
Get out of here.
Your families got more money than Jesus.
Give me a break.
At any rate, like, you know, for the right price.
I would, yeah, but see the problem with you is
because you're a big mouth.
And that's the problem.
Not really anymore.
It's like when somebody gives you a tip at the track,
the last person you want to tell is somebody with a big mouth.
You see what I'm saying?
Because right away, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And all of a sudden, the horse was going to be six to one.
And now it's like three to five by post time.
You just, you don't want to like spread information
like that around to the big mouth.
Because all of a sudden, you're all of a value
and your knowledge is gone.
Scout's all I will say is diluted.
Well, we'll take a look at what it is.
I'll share with you.
Now, let's see.
How's that pool coming?
First of all, believe it when I see it anyway,
because I don't think there are any secrets.
If there were to be like a lot of rich people
who wouldn't be working just sitting
playing slots all day, right?
Probably.
But you know, you can, I mean,
if you spent as much time as I do out there
and saw the people with their,
they've all got these theories.
And then there's a one woman playing next to me
the other day and she says,
oh, they're watching me.
They're watching me.
She really believes.
I mean, there's 1700 machines
that would buy in there in the casino.
Right.
1700.
And somehow she believes,
there's just like the people with God.
Well, God has listened to me.
Well, boy, he must be busy
because there's 6, 7 billion people on a planet.
And they're all about, about God, you know?
He must have like a whole bunch of ears.
He must have good hearing.
The eye of the sky, man.
It's always well.
That must be it.
The Allen Parsons project.
But at any rate,
what the hell was I just talking about?
Oh, yeah.
She believes that they're watching her.
And she says, oh, now they won't let me
get any more money on my ATM cards.
They know what's me and they want to,
I mean, talk about,
but a little bit like that.
And then she's sitting there for,
she poured $2,000 plus,
which she lost every dime of it,
by the way,
and we're a dollar machine right next to me.
And just losing around.
She's, oh, I'm not worried because I know that
it's the running the same program over
that they were running earlier.
I know, I know, certain it's going,
we're going to get 400 here.
And she kept telling me how much
she was going to get the only problem,
is it never happened.
Huh.
Because she really has the crazy person.
She really believes that the program
just keeps repeating itself,
the computer program,
and the random number,
which of course it does not.
Because if it did that,
it would be just like card counting.
Anybody could win at that?
Does she believe in UFOs too?
I'm sure that.
That's where they're watching her.
She says, oh, if I just have one of those cards,
you know, how if you had the card?
And by the way, anybody that plays in a casino
slots right going to get the card,
I just think that was for all ladies and silly
away as benefits.
You betcha.
I just cash 600 bucks in for my points the other day.
Heck yeah.
You betcha.
But anyway, she, this one that was convinced,
oh, I don't have a card.
If I just could have one of those cards,
then they'd let me win.
Yeah.
And I said to her,
I said putting the card in there doesn't affect the computer.
Don't you understand, lady?
I mean, I wasn't getting aggravated on the outwardly,
but inside, you know,
because some of these people,
oh, and somebody smashed while the fight hour machines,
you know, the glass on the front.
Yeah.
They just smashed it.
And you see people hitting the machine,
but somebody really got a little carried away.
But I'm being to just smash the crap out of it.
Smash the glass.
And it's kind of dark right now.
Pizza courier targeted Amsterdam sex zone.
Justice authorities arrested a Moroccan man
last month after receiving a tip off.
That Islamic extremist were allegedly
planning an attack on the red light district in Amsterdam.
It was important on Friday.
Oh, my God.
You like that?
Wow.
So you perverts out there like me
who hang on the red light district in Amsterdam
down there by the Rudy Vaseline or whatever that street is.
The volummost threat.
You better watch it.
The pizza delivery career allegedly conducted
reconnaissance of the capitalist prostitution zone
while riding through the area during work hours
on his scooter.
Wonder if he knows scooter Libby.
He was arrested in November 5 on my birthday,
unless you see how there's something symbolic about that.
The newspaper did telegraph.
Described him as a radical Moroccan pizza courier.
What is more Moroccans than Algerians in all over the place.
France and in Needlelands all over.
Zidian something.
The National Detectives Unit was alerted
of the supposed attack planned by three anonymous emails.
The first of which is received September 14.
Emails dated September 27 on October 11.
They gave further details of the suspect that addresses.
The emails warned that terrorists in Amsterdam
east were plotting an attack on the fallen area in Amsterdam.
The telegraph said Muslim extremist, the paper said,
allegedly furious at the lack of morals at the prostitution zone.
Justice authorities took the tips very seriously
right to the pizza delivery at the Nasir mosque
in the celebratory strad in Amsterdam east.
Celebratory strad.
The man has been identified as 20-year-old Amsterdam resident
of Moroccan descent, Bilal El,
Alias Abu Kadata.
They're still love all these Muslim names.
They're pretty cool.
They're beautiful.
El plus a lot of the football names now too are a beautiful thing.
Bush and Muhammad.
Right.
El was allegedly in contact with Syrian Rada'an al-Issa,
the fugitive leader of the Eatera Group, main city group.
The Syrian was in legal immigrant on the needle lines
and gave Quran lessons in the home of Muhammad B.
The suspected murderer, Filme Kharthioban Go,
B is also member of the main city group.
The emails claimed the Syrian was involved in the plans
to attack the red light district
where another target was the Dutch parliament in the Hague in Den Hague.
El is alleged to have brought equipment needed to carry out the attack.
El also reportedly is being held for threatening
right-wing independent MP Gret Vilders.
The MP's life has been repeatedly threatened
because of his trenchant criticism of Islam.
Or you can't see that.
The main city group, which consists mainly of Muslims
of North African descent, has been kept under surveillance
by the Dutch intelligence since the summer 2002.
Summer A, or is that summer year A,
who's being held on suspiciously,
was fighting in Tekken, skip a word for an Amsterdam,
but that's problem in the defense ministry.
It's also member of the group who's believed to be in contact
with the suspected killer of En Goh,
not the painter of the Apollo physician.
Got it?
Got it.
So I guess you're not going to be hanging in the red light district
and I'm stood on anytime soon.
Never been there.
This story, this, well, I better take a call or two
because we've got to do the break about the protesters
complaining about the lack of activity scenes.
And you know something, I hate to say it,
but I think they got a point.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
No, seriously, if you're going to put up a menorah,
cannohora, then you're going to have to put up a Christmas stuff.
What's good for the Jews is good for engander.
They put up the treaty and all that stuff in the malls.
Yeah, this one.
So we'll get to the story, okay?
I mean, I'm not going to argue with you
because I'm not hanging out in those doings these days.
So it's a touchkiz and stuff.
Yeah.
A bunch of hussarats.
Yeah, so the hell were all these glamours?
What you're trying to say?
Is that what you're saying?
The hell were the glam?
You're not going to get very far in this world,
saying that beast.
So go ahead, you've got it.
Yeah, I cut the Jew talk.
21 till noon, we got the mad dog at two,
we got the hopper, Hank Goldberg.
And we had Goldberg at the fore
and then we got them things start going down hill fast.
You got this.
Yaldi, a smoky bones implantation 7 to 1080K,
picks it back up, picks the pace up a little bit at 10,
with the odds on the ins and the odds.
I've actually any Kino something about that.
All I'm sure a real guy like him
doesn't mess around with slot machines, right?
No.
Now, are you see, in that station,
once upon a time when we had Donnie B
and we had, I forget some of those other stupids,
see, Hank had all those guys condition
to be professional degenerate gamblers.
Oh, either, and, right?
Oh, yeah.
Now, did you ever get sucked into that?
Oh, yeah, for a little time.
We were all on the computer, like,
computer, the door.
They were all every time Hank's cell phone
ring they'd run the grab it to see which book he was on the line next,
you know?
Yeah.
So they're all betting every ball game.
It's even little league games, which I thought
was a little bit over the top.
Cricket.
Right.
Squash, curling, stuff like that.
Yeah.
But the fact that your betting slots,
you see, it's so out of character with a Kino.
Maybe that's a good sign.
Maybe you're making some progress.
Now, Josh, you never play a slot machine.
No.
Oh, come on.
Ever?
No, I just, no.
You've never put one coin.
You've been in Vegas.
How can you go to Vegas and not play a slot machine?
I understand everybody's got their favorite thing, like roulette, they like crafts,
they like a blackjack, which is too slow and pondry.
roulette's OK, but blackjack is so pondry isn't slow.
But see, I would rather see, I play blackjack.
Like, I just don't want to sit there and, you know,
Hank, the thing and just sit there.
I'd rather go to a table.
I beg your pardon.
Do what?
I guess you didn't get to memo, huh?
You said you didn't want to sit there and yank the thing is what he said.
Oh, it just seems rather rather doldomy.
I'd rather
Well, maybe in your case it is.
I guarantee if you put in like a hundred bucks in a wheel of fortune machine and you got,
hey, if I won, I'd love it.
And you got to spend and you got 500 bucks or a thousand for your hundred bucks.
You'd be, you'd become, take it like two minutes to become a regular.
They're right.
You know, you would see you just go on with yours just because you happen, he happens to be there.
I don't have anything against.
I have a lot of people that have won money on slot.
Right.
I just, I don't know.
I just don't know.
For example, yesterday I was there for two hours.
Mainly went out for the free brunch was another nice benefit to have in that card.
Took a friend out.
We had the free brunch.
I spent a little bit of time to find all our machine, a little bit of a dog, one thirteen hundred bucks.
Now, naturally I lose my ass most of the time.
But in two hours to make thirteen hundred, can you handle that?
I can ask more than you get paid in six years at QAM.
Very true.
Yeah.
A little bit of luck.
Now, let me just warn you people out there because we are going to have these slots.
The five hour machines are not for people with a, you know, weak stomach, okay?
Even a heavy hitter like me gets real nervous sitting there, too.
You know what I'm saying?
You can lose, so your, on real fortune you're playing ten bucks of pool, baby.
Talk about pooling it.
Ten bucks of play.
You could lose, I would say you could lose a grand in about ten minutes.
See, most of the real fortune machines, at least the dollars and the quarters,
you have to, you have to play three coins in order to get anything.
That's the dollar machine.
Right, the five hour machine.
Find out where to.
Two coins, which is ten bucks.
You ever played a five hour machine?
No.
Don't.
Eighteen till noon at five sixty WQAM.
Do you want no more about following a low carb diet?
If you want the best tasting, bigger selection of delicious stuff that will keep you on your low
carb diet and keep you losing that weight.
Whether you're on the acnes, the sugar mustard, the sauce beach, or the seafood diet like beast.
The place you've been all up shopping is Delights of West Bokeh,
which continues to be and has been for years now.
The number one low carb store in South Florida.
There are other imitators, but nobody's got the selection that you'll find at Delights and
nobody has the knowledgeable staff that knows a low carb dieting inside and out like our friends
at Delights of West Bokeh.
I mean, you can get your meat and cheese and your basics at your supermarket,
but if you want all the other tasty stuff to keep you on that straight and narrow path,
you like this perfect for you because you'll find over
twelve hundred delicious products like carbolite ice cream,
breads, pasta, truffles, brownies, even cookies and lots more,
all low carb, all designed perfect to keep you on at low carb diet.
Delights is open every day of the week, seven days from 10 a.m.
till 10 p.m. and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market
or column tool for E1-877 LowCarb-LOW-W-C-A-R-B around the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one Delights of West Bokeh and it's your official
Atkins Retail Center.
You're a seem to meal Rogers.
Correct.
On 5-S-S-S-C-A-A-M.
Bad chick guy.
If it goes...
Or chances are you'll find an amazing Ahmed's after-war blood sale.
You'd be amazed if some of the things that are left flying around after a war.
Crazy Ahmed and his dedicated staff of family members have gathered enough arms and equipment
to start your very own war at below Black Market prices.
Here's Crazy Ahmed himself with this week's amazing bargain.
Oh, but I must be crazy!
Just look at his tank.
Only been hit one time and can still be useful.
Under the paint, some steel plating, a blood clean up kids,
and it will be good as no.
How much for a de-wagon dress?
Oh, I will trade you for your hot deal.
Oh, I must be crazy.
See how easy it is to do business with Ahmed?
Remember, if it goes...
Or you'll find it at crazy Ahmed's after-war blood sale.
Got some bad news for you here in a second.
14-0-noone.
Oh, which celebrity is most successful only because of personal appearance?
Britney Spears 64 and an Equal 28, Pamela Anderson 18,
Achton Kuchi Kuchi 15, Jessica Simpson 13,
Brad Pitt IV and Rikai II out of 140.
We need to get a lot more names on a poll.
But bad news.
I just got that rich's email.
Yeah.
And unfortunately, I thought Rich, you know,
knew somebody like personal or had some inside information
or had the two over to 174 and a five broke at the start and you had to...
But I'd rather bet on Miriam Tollum than pay attention to his John Robinson.
I read all of his stuff.
He writes for a publication called Casino City Times.
And he writes this stuff.
He doesn't say anything.
He doesn't tell you anything.
Oh, shall we just on the ear?
I mean, it's not a secret.
It's, you know, I see that's what I was looking for.
It's like some info, a side info from somebody who actually works
either in programming machines or works inside a casino.
Found what I'm saying?
I told you they can't say anything.
This guy writes a column called Ask the Slot Expert.
And I've looked up this stuff and I've read his stuff.
And he just...
Maybe this is the one.
Maybe this is going to be the inside info.
I don't think so.
Ask the Slot Expert, Slot Hit Frequency and RNG.
Dear John, is there any way to determine the hit frequency
of a particular machine without playing the machine?
Two are the newer video electronic machines,
programming any differently,
or is the functioning of the RNG,
the random number generated the same
as an older online mechanical slot.
Thanks in advance, SJ.
Dear SJ, and Josh can't establish this because he's
interested in slots.
Well, not slot machines.
Dear SJ, no, unless you have the par sheet,
which is the document on file of the casino and if they
regulators that the Scrapchannel machine is programmed,
there's no way to know the hit frequency of a slot machine
without playing it.
A thousand spins is enough to give you a fairly accurate estimate.
A thousand spins.
Some of the words on a dollar machine,
if you're playing three coins, it would mean like three grand.
We'll tell you.
Yeah.
I'll let you check it out.
Two, I'm going to take the opportunity to discuss
some myths about the RNG with my answer to this question.
Okay, you ready to strap yourself in because this is
the supposition of the inside stuff that my friend Fat Rich was going to get.
I thought Rich knew somebody, the way the frantic call,
I bet a beat, but a boop please, you know,
good intentions, you know, I've rather been on
Donald Brainer than this guy.
The RNG in a video slot can be identical to the RNG
in a real spinning slot and even to one in a video poker machine.
The only purpose of the RNG, the random number generator,
is to generate a stream of random numbers.
The programs, those different machines, however,
may do different things with a stream of numbers.
In other words, they may...
They got work.
Right.
The program in a real spinning slot, for example,
will take one or more numbers from that stream and take the number,
take that number or numbers, tell the program,
which stops will land on the pay line.
Do you understand that?
Yeah, I have no idea what that said.
Actually, there's an intermediate step on most machines.
The random number chooses a virtual stop from the virtual reel,
which exists all in the machines programming.
The virtual reel has many more stops on it than the physical reel.
The virtual reel is used to make some physical stops less likely to land on the pay line than others.
The virtual reel is what makes the odds of landing a mega-buck symbol on the pay line
one out of about 360 instead of one out of 222.
A common misconception is that some RNGs are loose in the other,
and a casino has to change the RNG to loosen or tighten the machine.
Not true.
To alter the payback on a machine, they change the way the virtual reel is mapped to the physical reel.
The RNG stays the same.
Did you understand that?
No.
I don't either.
In a video slot, there's no need for this intermediate step, which is called
something tell me it's mapping, because there's no physical reel.
The reel on a video slot can be just as large as its program is wanted to be.
This is where the program in a real spinning slot, the program in a video slot
uses the output from the RNG to choose which stop will land on the pay line,
and the RNG algorithm itself can be identical to one-order.
It says absolutely nothing.
There is nothing there.
Thanks, Rich.
His intentions were good, but you know, so was some other people.
We need some guy from MIT to call.
Right. We need somebody who like, and you can only imagine the kind of people
have programmed and created these programs for these things where geniuses they must have been, probably,
because you know as well as I do that, one of the most frequent things that happened
as part of the psychology of getting people to keep playing slot machines is the big tease.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yeah.
In other words, you get triple bar, triple bar, and then the five times will be up above.
One of you assume I'm saying that we should stop the line, which might as well have been all blank,
because you see what I'm saying?
But we think, oh, I just came so close.
You didn't come close.
There's no such thing as close in slot machines either you hit it or it's like,
you might as well have had all blank lines, right?
But it's part of the psychology to make you keep playing it.
Oh, I'm getting really close.
But you ever notice when you're almost down to your last drop,
you always hit just a little something.
Right.
Just to keep you going.
Well, I can't tell you the number of times I've been on the last three credits in a machine,
and all of a sudden there's a spin comes up.
I'm the last three credits very often.
And then you spin it, there's like 30, you know?
About 30, man.
And that disappears in 20 seconds.
He's not a cramp.
Here's a fact from Todd who's got the tiniest writing of a verse saying,
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Todd, it says, your biggest fan, 3, and 65 pounds.
Could you please play the bit where you and Georgia are in the future,
broadcasting from another planet that Bokobrine is a genius.
Well, Bokobrine is a genius.
By the way, thanks Bokobrine for those useless DVDs you sent me for a Christmas.
He sends me a Rocky and Bullwink of the second season and the Make It City,
the TV series with Robert DuVall and a whole bunch of other good people.
Now, I'll watch him someday.
But thanks for that.
But I don't know what, do you know what Billy's talking about?
I don't know.
No, I never heard of it.
Maybe Brian will call in or not.
And of course, he does call in, who's going to answer it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We apologize for getting off on this lot stuff,
but we thought we had like some really good inside scoop there.
I think the only scoop you're going to find is the one that we're at, Publix.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
Neil, you love your American Corvette, your American money, but you caught me.
Yeah, blow out your ass, okay?
And I don't like my chronic Cuban colors.
You like your man, you never.
Listen, let me tell you something.
One thing I don't need from you or any other punk is instructions on life, okay?
What's going on in America today makes me nauseous, makes me want to puke my guts out.
And by the way, I got two permits, loser.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I hope you and your boyfriends have a good one today at noon.
In fact, it's only seven minutes away, all right?
Get a firm grip on life.
Tom 5, 60, and a Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Let's get some more names on his pool.
What celebrity is most successful only because of personal appears.
We only got a few names on there.
We need a whole bunch more.
About third man.
And then we need to find out about more.
See, that thing you said about Ruth Chris is so intolerable to me, so unacceptable because
the one here is so sensational.
I mean, you can't get a better stake.
I don't care where you would go.
It's impossible.
Impossible.
You never tried the cat.
I don't care.
I'm not interested.
Look, there are certain things that are so good, you know, just can't be any better.
You see what I'm saying?
Okay.
It's like the picture on ITV.
There are all these people are pooping.
Oh yeah, well, that thing's obsolete.
And Samsung, you know, that was good.
Kibadato, JVC is better.
Well, guess what?
I'm real happy with it.
In fact, I watched the whole game last night in HD.
It was a phenomenal thing.
Different strokes for you.
If they reach right in there and smack that, what's the name of going to quarterback right
on the head?
Right on Patrick Ramsay.
Exactly.
Patrick Ramsay.
Oh my god.
What is this kid thinking?
See, this business about, and every now and then he threw a great pass.
I give a, the receiver was wide open.
He just nailed it right in there.
It was great.
But when the pressure was on, man, you could just know some bonehead thing was going
up right there at the end of the game.
Pretty good game.
Pretty weak performance by Phil Wendell.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
I got a name for your poll.
Yes, sir.
J-Hope.
J-Hope.
Okay, that's a good one.
J-Hope.
You got it?
J-Hope.
With a big fat, a little bit of loose inner fat ass without that T-inch mid.
She can sing.
Get out of here.
She was given that saline.
Yeah, so could see that cruise.
WQAM, hello.
I'm on it.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up?
I've been trying to get hold of you for days.
I know this statement's not going to come as a shock, but I don't understand what the
heck is going on at your radio station.
Yeah, what a shock.
Now listen for real.
Your new promos that you're playing, do you know that they have a farting sound at
the end of them?
No.
If you've got to be kidding me.
Like the one where you talk about people that are liars and that.
Oh, that's not a fart.
That's a raspberry.
No.
Neil, come on.
No, but serious.
Have you heard it?
It used to be a fart, but now it's a raspberry.
Have you seriously?
Have you heard it?
No.
You got to listen to it off the air or whatever.
They've been working on listening to it.
You think I listened to this radio station when I'm not on?
But I don't know.
What is it with that station?
Joyce.
It's all Joyce, man.
He's delusional.
It's unbelievable.
They play every time, every time here.
And I go, well, if they could play it there, how come Neil can't play hit the button?
Neil can't do anything.
OK, I'm a bad guy now.
Oh, I know.
You know, you want your American Corvette and that's right.
That's why that guy's listening.
Because I'm a turn coat.
And I'm going to turn around almost of the year.
And I'm going to have it a great life and I'm enjoying it.
And he's not satisfied with it.
Because he's a loser.
But he's listening every day.
Of course he is.
Shut it off.
Just like the guy with him, I'm going to have my new outfit at Pompadot Park.
I'm coming in a burlap sack just for that guy.
Hey, that plays Pompadot Park, man.
Wow.
Donate day, pal.
OK, he's about to knock my head.
See, there's another guy who loses it.
The track he wants to knock me for.
Don't bet on Miriam Tollin.
I'm telling you, don't take any tips from Fat Rich.
I'm so depressed.
I mean, I thought he really had something.
And inside, I would say.
I've spent a lot of time on the internet trying to find articles.
They're all trying to set you something.
They got these books.
They got these pamphlets.
They got this crappy down there.
It's all baloney.
It's all baloney.
The people who really had that information, they're not talking to us.
It's a secret fraternity, man.
Exactly.
And they're probably under penalty of death.
They're not going to give up that info.
Jesus, how about you who does know, speaking of D-Fo?
Yeah, he probably knows.
No, he's got that close contact with his good friends.
The engines, they know all about that stuff.
What was going on?
He slots their one.
Three minutes till noon.
Mad dog is on the fact, mad dog's put in a pretty tough week to this week.
At least it's written in four days this week.
Little heavy duty.
All right.
Now, let's see.
Now, it's next Monday night, the adult in Papyrus game, right?
Yes.
Oh, man.
What are you sticking off Friday?
Even though it's a home game.
Oh, man.
Can you imagine the pills you're going to have to pop?
Three ways for that performance by the dolphins?
Wow.
In fact, he's probably checking out the sense of the public's restrooms right now
to get ready to do that drop in again.
Oh, man.
The dolphins must have been here.
Maybe it was a Norman Bates.
1157 at 560 WQA.
And he heard me talk about dry concepts for years now.
I've been using them in my homes for over 20 years.
And I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else to have my carpeting
and my post-green furniture all look in just like brand new.
And with the holidays here, you've got all those pain in the ass and
invaders in your home.
When the holidays are finished, write this number down on a pad on your wrist
on the tea room wall somewhere.
Because believe me, you want to have dry concepts coming after the holidays
and restore your home to look in just like brand new again.
Even the dirtiest carpets they can make look like brand new with their exclusive
patented dry cleaning method that sucks out the dirt from way down there
and the fibres your carpets.
Call dry concepts today.
And don't forget when they do clean, your carpets are drying an hour and a half
they smell like any fresh and you're ready to rock and roll again.
Call them toll-free from daydriort in the Palm beaches.
And don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price up
for once you're going to have to worry about scams either when they finish the job.
1-800-248-5071.
They guarantee a spectacular job every time.
Whether it's your carpeting, your furniture, your draper, your expensive area
rugs and oriental rugs, all of these things.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the wicked web at dryconcepts.com.
Dry concepts making carpets clean and soft photos since 1979.
You're listening to me, you old wheel Rogers.
And exclusively on 560-18-18.
You there?
Just how do you like that?
Wow.
That rich again.
I see my phone.
Jesus, Richie, you crazy per hell.
Fancy or crazy people, I should know.
The phone rings again.
I run in the other room.
I have no idea how much time is left in the break and there's a...
But I mean, but I'm not that as a mathematician, it makes sense to me.
Well, great.
I'll talk to you about it at Pompo-no Park with my new wardrobe, Richie.
No, you can get up and go pay.
I have to take my hormones every day.
To keep the hair from going back of our manifolds.
And that's when I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-21 hour.
Twice the night before Christmas, the whole house was mellow.
Not a creature with staring.
Because I had my gun under the pillow.
When I found the roof, I heard something loud.
I was wondering, shoo yo, yo, keep it down.
When what to my wanderer and I should appear, but the dawn of all elves.
And he friggin' rained here.
With a slotted ass-nots and a yank on the main.
He cursed any shout to leave.
He called the my name.
Yotoni, Yofraiki, Yujoi, Yovito, Hey Pauli, Hey Benny, Hey Rackle, Hey Guido.
With slick back black hair and a red silk suit, Don Christopher was here and he brought the
loop.
As I drew out my gun and hid by the bed, he flew through the window and slapped me
up side the head.
What the hell you think of the gun on the thug?
No more you get this cold.
You friggin' moron.
Then point in a finger right up my nose.
He twisted his pinky rings and up the chimney he rolled.
Get him, you hide him yellow.
What I least expected.
My re friggin' Christmas the world and you better show some respect.
Come on, boys, let's go home.
I'm gonna make him an Alfred camera.
I'm sure that.
Okay, don't be call me again until back to two o'clock where it's your hopefully target
home.
Jesus.
He must be hanging around with Rimmer these days.
Now here's the story that I was trying to get to about a half an hour ago until you
sidetracked me with that slot stuff in a wheel of fortune.
Sorry.
No, listen, it's gonna be very timely when we get the slots in all the tracks in a few
months, which it is gonna happen to election and martial past overwhelming and dating
Howard and we'll have this stuff.
I would say by the end of the year.
Next year.
Maybe I'll go play a couple.
Yeah, I mean, I don't understand.
How could I don't relate to that?
I can understand going anywhere.
That would be like if all the times I've been to Vegas, if I never would have put in the
only game I've never played was crap.
So although they don't have any publics is out there.
Because I don't understand it.
Yeah, I don't get it either.
It's rather confusing.
Now, Blacks, Jack, yes, I've played Blacks.
Jack, I want some money playing Blacks, but it's boring to me.
It's always boring.
Yeah, it's slow.
It's slow.
It's not working.
It's not working.
It can't be Blacks.
I'm gonna tell you right now.
See, you're asking a question that is so ridiculous.
Are you kidding me?
You're at a table.
You play like four other people.
When's the last time you won $4,000 playing Blacks?
I've never won $4,000.
Okay.
Two weeks ago, I'm sitting in the dollar wheel.
I mean, this is boring.
Why did we get off on this?
The people don't care about you.
Yeah, but you're losing in the grand scheme.
Oh, I'll be sure.
Of course.
I'm not gonna tell you that people are gonna win gambling.
Of course not.
But I'm just telling you, you're a better option.
You're a better option, Blacks, aren't you?
What?
You're losing also.
Right, but you have better.
Actually, I'm not.
Would you listen to me?
Yeah.
Dollar machine.
I'm playing, putting $100.
I get to spend $500 on the wheel.
Okay, I'm playing with their money with a house money.
Here comes five times wheel of fortune, five times, $4,000.
Did you walk away?
Yes.
Did I walk away?
No, I sat there and plunged it all back.
Oh, of course I walked away, man.
Don't know.
He handed me that cash.
I flew out of there.
I put the blinders on it.
I didn't see the right to the left.
Oh, I saw.
Where's the cab and give me out of here.
Of course, I won't.
I didn't walk away.
I ran away.
Now, you got to tell me that's not as exciting as sitting there playing Blackjack.
I got 21.
I got Blackjack.
How exciting is that?
Unless, of course, you're playing heavy, heavy, you know, hands, which you're not.
Right?
No.
Not really.
I was at the $10 table.
Like I said, for little puts like you, that's not bad.
Big time.
Try it.
I'm not trying to convince him because you could lose all your money to an owner.
I mean, I see some people out there.
Oh, brother, I don't want to go into all the stores.
I could write a book.
But like you're losing it all about what you have the best odds.
It's about what you have the most fun doing because you're going to go into the long run.
You're going to lose your ass anyway.
Anybody with a brain knows that, right?
Now, if you're a card counter and you want to play Blackjack, what do you think they kick the card counters out in most casinos?
They don't want you to win.
Don't you get it?
Yeah, I get it.
I mean, if you're going to kick you out and if you like put on the sky, sneak you way back in, then they'll break your legs.
Even though we know the mob is not in gambling anymore, but nevertheless.
Okay, let's get off of that crap because it's very pond-rich and I don't have any answers or any secrets.
And nobody's going to call in and give us any information because, you know, somebody will make them an off of the camera fuse.
If malls display Jewish menoras, they should also display Christian and Timothy scenes, protesters at the Broward and Fashion mall said yesterday, the Broward mall and the Fashion mall.
The group of about 35 people accuse the shopping centers and their anchor stores, maces and bird-eyes of exhibiting a double standard when it comes to religious symbols during the holidays.
While both malls display menoras for Hanukkah, they don't put up the activity scenes for Christmas and they should agree to this group.
Now, wait a minute.
But they, I'm sure they put up a Christmas tree, right?
Yeah, they got it.
Christmas is about the birth of, yeah, see, here's the, here's the deal.
I take back what I said earlier.
Christmas is about the birth of Christ.
This is what should be recognized, not Christmas trees and Santa Claus, Sivlan Torres, a person of the nearby St. Gregory's Catholic Church in plantation.
The decrysternization of Christmas is a travesty.
Well, guess what? Your shopping mall isn't a place of worship, okay?
You jackass, you silly person, you, or talk about people looking to make a mark.
Menorah is just a decorative thing, okay?
And it symbolizes the oil burn for whatever the eight days, whatever.
But it's not a big deal.
It's not a religious symbol. It's not like a star at David.
The activity scene is a specifically religious deal, okay?
It was a Christmas tree and Santa Claus.
I like they represent the Christmas season, but without a religious significance because the Christmas tree and Santa Claus have nothing to do with Christmas, with the original concept, with the birth of Jesus.
So the Hanukkah commemorates it.
Well, it says it goes, how will we know that?
Inside Roudmall on Sunday, a menorah stood next to the customer service area.
General manager, Carl Woodward, said it's against small policy display, religious symbol such as an activity scene.
But the menorah doesn't violate policy because it's a celebration of a battle, not a religious event.
But I'm not Jewish, so I don't even know a lot about it yet.
Well, get with it, Carl.
At Burdine, Charlene Gibson, who obviously, with a name like that, angel was either, assistant manager of operations administration, referred questions to a public relations manager.
It wouldn't be available till today and put it out to store his activity scenes on sale.
In other words, do you want a buying activity scene?
Great. Go put it in front of your own house, okay?
Officials at the fashion mall in Macy's couldn't be reached for a comment yesterday, but a customer service employee said
there was no an activity scene on this plane.
Security guards said a menorah that was on this plane was taken down this weekend for repairs, not to pacify an FRB any fanatical golem, but because it needed to be fixed.
How do you break a menorah? Probably the same way that I broke that $5 slot machine.
Pura said US merchants make billions of dollars in the Christmas holiday annually.
Yet failed to recognize the reason for the season.
He and fellow parishioners still at the intersection of the university, driving Broward Boulevard with signs that read,
Macy's bird eyes recused activity scenes and Broward Boulevard's insults 240 million Christians.
They called for Christian shoppers to boycott the malls and federated departments through his owner of Macy's Burd eyes and blooming veils.
Some drivers haunt while crossing the intersection, helping to fuel the movement to bring Jesus back to Christmas as they were put in.
Boy, these golem are sure we've stepped up into a frenzy lately, aren't they? They get bushing there again? Yeah.
They're just, they're working overtime there because they just are intolerant and won't leave everybody else alone, okay?
Go and flick your religion on somebody else. Go over to Iraq and give them an infusion of your good time of religion.
Organizers handed out copies of a column by conservative commentator Bill O'Reilly that claimed Christmas is under siege by the growing forces of secularism in America.
Survey showed that more than 90% of Americans celebrate the federal holiday of Christmas of Riley Road in December 9th column.
Despite that overwhelming number, the tradition of Christmas in America continues to get hammered.
Hammered! Right, even he's Jewish.
The protesters said they would demonstrate in front of the two malls again next Saturday and Sunday the last week it could be who are Christmas.
The issue is recurring one in South Florida. Most recently in December of last year, a woman in V. Harbor Islands began fasting to force town leaders to put up a Christian holiday decoration,
equivalent to the stars of David and Minor Day directed on the broad causeway. Well, the star of David didn't belong there. See, the Minor is another thing.
The star of David is a Jew thing. Right. See?
Get that star of David out, send it over to Ariel Shiro and have him paste it on his rectum ass, which believe me there's plenty.
He can put a whole bunch of money for the fat ass like he makes you look like Minnie Mouse. That's what a big fat ass he is.
Seriously, he's just enormous. Can you imagine the amount of halavai he's eaten? They probably bring him by the gross to potato pancakes for Ahanaka.
He's eaten like is by the gross Ariel Shiro.
Oh, but it is the holiday season whenever it's the spirit of the holidays when everybody hates each other like poison. Now, what is halavai? What is that?
Oh, it's a Jewish candy. It's like, you never see a cardboard box. That's what it tastes like. It's a chewy cardboard.
Yeah. It's like a chewy car. It's got that, I don't have to describe it, but like the texture of it is like gritty so it feels like paper in your mouth when you're finished.
It feels like you ate the wrapper. Probably the only kind of like sweet thing that makes you feel like you ate the wrapper too.
Got it? It stays away from the halavai of all the jufu. That's the one you don't want to try. Well, there's several of them.
But there's a lot of good stuff, man. Motion-cogal. Remember the fatso? Do you see fatso? No. You haven't seen fatso. That's the honey-cogal.
Oh my god. When he starts going on about lotion-cogal, he starts breathing so hard. I think he's going to have a stroke of, now forget about network.
Even though I'm glad you saw that. Trust me when I tell you next assignment you've got to, you'll, you will pee in your pants.
I am. I can see today. Fatso, Dom Deluis and Bancroff.
I'm telling you, okay. You'll love it. I trust you.
Anyway, not on state. Here's the facts. I never knew who Lenny Martez was until this week. And he was on with Curtis. Why?
That's my one question. Curtis does a fine job of why? He keeps putting Lenny Martez on here. I guess it's our way of punishing the audience for the holidays.
He can't speak English if that's what he's trying to do. It's so bad and it's funny in a segue. He's camp. He's camping out.
I can picture the coolest Gregory listening to Lenny and feeling comfortable with the talent on his radio station.
Hey, that's the same guy that put the curl on your keep in mind. Did Lenny send his demo tape to QN? And this goes on.
By the way, enjoy the 14 minutes per hour. Hank is on the afternoon. Yada yada yada.
Just sit back and enjoy it. It's free. Okay. Enjoy the entertainment and quit complaining all the time. Talk about me whining.
That's the South Florida ever. By the way, for everybody who listens, we'll send you like thousands of dollars in cash, too.
Not for just pretend. This pretend we're paying you by the minute. The price is right. That's the one thing to say about this station.
We may have a lot of crap on here, but it's free. And just sit back and enjoy it. Inhale it.
Treble with it. 12 minutes past noon at 5.60. What is it going to be like a marathon today?
Sure. Hopefully I haven't had any appointment tomorrow. That wouldn't be nice if we had his personal schedule.
Yeah, but we don't so that we can know ahead of time when he said, of course, that wouldn't make it quite as much fun.
So we could just sit here kind of talking. Now stand by. Stand by.
Stand by.
90 seconds. Be ready. I never dreamed in my life. And all the years I've been doing this and 800 years I've been doing this crap.
I never dreamed that there could be such a situation. Stand by. What?
But it's like seven minutes till 10. We're not even supposed to be on yet. 12, 13 and to Q.A.M.
I
want to
fall.
do you
want to
fall?
There's no
cheese or life behind the car. Go down the block. The house is all dark. We are wishing we were
wishing on this.
We're
wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
We're wishing on this.
And don't forget.
There's no fact in the church.
Right.
Got a Christmas card from that one again.
Is your George tells me?
Yeah, we're the phone number.
Wanted me to call him.
The answer is no.
Now, I don't have dinner with the crazy people who are talking to them on the phone.
OK.
But this story that I just read about the Broward Mall and about Burt Eines and stuff.
Here's another classic example of how religion creates this tremendous hate.
There's just one more of millions of examples of how it divides people.
My chatskies are more important than yours are.
Mine are more sick.
More people believe in my favorite big deal.
OK.
I'm really impressed.
Not who cares?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines.
We're talking about great steak and toilets.
No.
Why?
If you're going to be eating in a great steak house, you certainly going to want to...
Now, I will say this, it was Christian for Lauderdale.
Yeah.
When you go in there, when they open at 5, because I like to eat dinner early.
Because then that way you don't have all those pain in the ass people in there.
And you get, you know, a nice table.
It's not crowded.
It's good service.
When you go in there at 5, when they first open up, they have the fresh ice in the urinals, you know.
So when you go in to take a leak, there are a few things more exciting in life than taking a pee on fresh ice in the urinal.
I never go in there.
I never go in there.
I never agree.
Yeah, you've done it.
Yeah.
Now, what about Josh?
I bet he's never done that.
Fresh ice.
Oh.
So you are so, uh, man, you are so cloistered.
You're so out of touch with the reality of life.
When they put that ice in the urinal to keep it like fresh and clean and whatever, you just watch them melt away.
Yeah.
And you're peeing on the ice, man.
And the ice is melt away.
And you feel like you've left your mark there or your impact, you know.
It's even better than writing graffiti on the tea room wall.
But they do have beautiful restrooms.
And when I used to have, before I realized what the problem was, if you have a staked Ruth Krista broil them in butter,
but if you tell them ahead of time, hold the butter, they don't put the, because if you have a sensitive stomach like some of us in a broilier staked butter,
you are making a run, man.
I mean a day.
Oh, yeah.
A musical explosion.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a Verizon and a singular.
See, leave it to the beast to start with toilet talk today.
Have you read my most from Joyce about this expatory activity on the stuff I want to talk about?
Have you ever brought up the turlits?
I've had my fair share of meetings with Joyce.
Have you really?
Yeah.
No, you haven't.
Back when someone else was here, you had meetings with Joyce?
Oh, really?
I didn't know that one.
You had a pleasure.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Sensational.
I got a name for your bowl.
Okay.
I have a parent's siltan.
Oh, man, because she looks good.
She's famous because she's got that Hilton money, man.
That's it, dude.
Okay, thanks.
Now, don't put it up a pair of siltan on it.
She looks like crap.
See, one thing about me, I mentioned this couple weeks ago with noses and you're telling me
that George is very big in the nose.
He's a nose man.
He is.
It's weird.
Well, he must be a bad nose man.
If he was gay, he'd probably be into like AJ Touchy Feely who's got that nose off the side of his face.
His nose is always out of joint because Paris Hilton, man, she's got the one that's skinny like nasty needle.
Oh, man, she grows.
Well, he doesn't, I don't think George likes Paris Hilton.
No, he hates her.
I'm just using it as an example.
The fact that the nose thing.
Yeah.
And she's another one with a really bad, are you still going to purge?
One of the fun things is when either I'm on vacation or George is on vacation is picking on either one of us when we're not around.
Because I'm sure he's got bigger things to do than be listening to this crap today.
Right?
Right.
Plus especially, he's probably at the shrink anyway after the week they gave him last week.
Fat boy, not you beast.
Now, are you familiar with all that shanagans went on?
Hi, that's how he.
I was listening last week.
Yeah.
And I heard when George was getting pulled out of the room every day.
Oh, my God.
That Jeff high, I'm going to seriously.
Ty rhymes with die.
Wouldn't that be a great holiday gift for the rest of it?
I'm dying out of here.
Long overdue fat boy, okay?
You've plotted around on a certain long enough.
That's plotted with a D and also two T's.
WQA, I'm home.
No, Neil, I'm not gay, but sometimes.
I don't mind.
What was that?
No idea.
I think, what was that?
Was that Maddie Bell doing a voice?
And what was it?
Yeah.
Didn't hear it.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yes, Neil?
Speak to me.
You got two seconds.
One, two, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, the anniversary of a rising
Hmm.
See, our audience have an outlet they don't eat at stake houses.
It's not up to rally.
At least what we got left right now.
All the people with the money, they're gone for the holidays.
Don't you understand that?
People with a few bucks that are hanging around there during the holidays?
To get bored.
They're gone.
In fact, a lot of them probably are getting ready to make a reservation as a Ruth Christian
in Vegas right now.
And then they're going to go over and plunge into slots at the MGM Grand.
Where's the Ruth Christian days?
There are two of them.
There's one that's on, let's see.
There's one that's on Flamingo, I believe it is.
And there's another one.
I don't remember there.
But they're not really all that far apart, amazingly.
But they're like right in the middle of the strip area, right off the strip.
Outstanding.
Sensational.
They have a good New York strip.
When you go to Ruth Christian, you get the, oh, there's actually some plan words.
Yeah, that's right in front of New York, New York strip.
Yeah.
You go to get to Ribbai.
Get to Texas Cowboy Ribbai.
The real big one.
A gigantic big fat one.
It's like big enough for our horse.
WQA and hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah, but not, I was watching some comedian.
I call many centers to get off the subject.
And by the way, the Ruth Christian's coming out of the past.
Yeah.
The comedian mentioned Michael Moore and a whole crowd started booing.
So that pretty much tells you that yeah, most America is stupid.
Well, I thought I got new.
OK, wow.
Well, of course, that's what they do.
They demonize the good people.
I don't know.
Well, what is this?
I don't know if that's real or not.
I just don't know.
This isn't even for real.
This looks phony as a $72 bill.
Doesn't it?
Yeah, I thought that too, but you know, I'll go online here.
In fact, I would say online, but you know, because I see an incident here.
And they would be bruntless.
Right.
I don't believe this.
Oh, it's possible.
Sure.
It's from the White House Communications Director for Media Release.
Rudy Giuliani selected his US intelligence czar.
Well, it wouldn't surprise me, but and then, of course, takes the heat off of all the
other crap, you know, off of the Bernie Kerrick crap, which we'll get to.
5, 6, 7, let me take a peek.
I'll see.
Boost there.
It's been that.
Not on anybody's website.
So if that's the case, we're getting the first white House.
We press briefing at 1230 today, though.
Who said that?
It's on the White House official White House site.
Okay.
1230.
Well, we can probably wait until I get the break.
We didn't think before we had to go because it reminds me of what's your name, Cancer and
Harris.
Remember about that plane?
Yeah.
I wish he had some real problems on there, speaking of great restrooms.
5, 6, 7, oh, don't give the number.
I'll do the break and then we'll get that press briefing.
And we'll find out that Rudy Giuliani has been selected as head of the Gestapo.
26th afternoon, a QAM lobster fest is back at the Emerald Coast Friday through Sundays.
Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is written by Zagat Restaurant Review.
And this is the Emerald Coast Auditany buffet.
Now you can enjoy succulent, juicy, main lobster served, thermidor style.
Start out with your choice or maybe a whole bite feast went there.
They have all six soups.
They're all great.
I did go there.
And unbelievable.
It is really great.
Well, that's the kind of place where I like you.
In fact, you'll see a lot of your similar people in there.
A lot of people with a big, healthy appetite in there.
That's right.
Because they really stuff it in there.
Sample dozens of delicious randled treats, including fried snapper and a Thai sweet and
sour sauce.
And an old favorite whole roasted duck and huesin sauce.
Also enjoy the brand new sushi bar that features over 30 different items.
And if you still have room after shoveling all this good stuff down your throat, Emerald
Coast out of this world dessert bar, did you check out the dessert bar?
I'm sure you did.
Yeah, what's your choice?
I'll bet you did.
Features chocolate covered strawberries, tiramisu and cheesecake.
And of course ice cream with all your favorite toppings, all of these things.
Don't forget the Emerald Coast.
Never will let you walk out of there with a headache, either with that MSG headache like
you do in a lot of Chinese joints.
Because they didn't use any crap.
No MSG, no cornstarch, no garbage.
They cook everything only with the best ingredients, including cholesterol, free cannibal oil.
The Emerald Coast, three sensational locations.
You got all that holiday crowd in your home right now.
Get out of the kitchen.
Take them out for a real feast.
At one of these three South Florida Emerald Coast locations, you'll find them in sunrise,
sunny aisles, beach and pember pies.
For reservations, 954-572-3822, 954-572-3822, happy holidays for Merchard and all the good
folks at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
So Fat Rich reminds me of my mother's home.
The bottom, the bottom, the top and the fat burger for the new All-Beat Patty Belly Buster
Burger.
It's three all-beat patties topped with four layers of cheese, pile high onto two all-beat
patties layered with bacon, ranch sauce and three more all-beat patties.
All of this between a Kaiser Roll and four all-beat patties, more milked cheese and another
all-beat patty stacked onto three all-beat patties, lettuce, tomato, two all-beat patties
and cheese served on seven all-beat patties, special sauce, three all-beat patties, pickles,
onions and two all-beat patties, surrounded by fries and six all-beat patties that wouldn't
fit on the Kaiser Roll.
The new All-Beat Patty Belly Buster Burger, only at Fat Burger.
Probably one perfect for our...
Proud that we got today's Christmas of the Beast.
Never seen a hearty spot for those big...is it hearties that's got that monster burger?
Yeah.
14, 20 calories.
Right.
So I don't think we have any hearties in South Florida, right?
No.
Or by me.
So that's a good news.
No hearties.
We're getting your card right over to Tampa.
They got hearties.
And I think in Orlando.
They got crystal.
You go through crystal and just throw them in the front with about 2000 of those little
gut burgers.
Good stuff.
Ooh, man.
Late at night, that's the time to eat those.
And then of course it lays in your stomach and you wake up with unbelievable...
Oh, Agita and incredible gas, right?
Yeah.
You know what it's all about.
Oh yeah, I do.
Stady Mortars, Marlins out after 2010.
What are we gonna do now?
Pro player, Stady, informed the Marlins.
They will not be permitted to play there after the 2010 season, creating even more urgency
with the team to sit on the five-slong-term future and cry like crazy and scream in the
band that knew Stady Morales, which is why they were in Vegas.
I wonder if they were playing the slots out there, Diffie, Luria and David Samson.
You think?
Didn't they go slots?
Yeah, they're probably paying the...
Are you saying that they're cheap after they spent all that money to bring another championship
team to South Florida?
Shame on you, man.
You're gonna get suspended if you don't cut the crap.
Don't piss off, Jeffrey, Luria.
And you'll learn your lesson yet or what?
What's the matter with you?
Pro player, Stady, owned by Dolphins and former Marlins owner H. Wayne Heizinger, has
informed the Marlins.
They will not be permitted to play there after the 2010 season.
An official close to Stady Management told they hailed on Friday.
So if it's in a heralders about a 30% chance it might be true.
About third, man.
The surprising twist ends even more urgency than the Marlins attempts to resolve their long-term
future.
And issue with the forefront in recent days with news that team officials met this week
with Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman, who's courting a team.
He wants a team.
I still don't see it, do you?
No.
Now they say that the permanent population...
I know Vegas has grown like crazy.
Permit in population is now 1.6 million.
And they have millions and millions of tourists there, but you're...
I still say, tourists don't go to baseball games, especially in the town like Vegas.
If they were coming to South Florida, there might be some tourists who come to the Marlins
games.
Not a lot, but there'll be some, right?
Sure.
Something to do.
But in Vegas, tourists who go to Vegas go there for basically three reasons.
OK?
Number one, plunge their guts in the casinos.
Number two, those fantastic cheap meals.
And number three, get laid.
Right?
You got it.
That's it.
I mean, they finally got away from that family crap because adults, people are serious gamblers.
And people are going to go and quarouse.
They're not interested in going to like Disneyland, the Disney World.
They're not that kind of environment.
They want to go to Disneyland.
Let them go to Frickin Disneyland.
It's not that far away anyway from Vegas.
Right.
Pro player, stating, President Bruce Schultz confirmed the Marlins will be bounced after
2010.
Last of the series of one-year lease options for the team and said to move...
Well, allow the stand and pursue other events such as Cricket and Soccer.
Oh my God!
Cricket and Soccer, my ass.
Marlins, President, David Sampson confirmed receiving letter date of November 16.
It hasn't responded yet.
He said he wasn't surprised or angry.
That's what he said.
Where the hell is he?
Is he in my DCS?
Do we have anything from...
I'm sure we had something in there.
Oh, there he there was.
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
Great.
Oh, they did it.
You know that?
We won the World Series.
Oh, man.
And you think George has got some voice problems, huh?
That sounded really fated me.
Now, what is this?
Oh, and also George Pataki wants to be Homeland Security Director.
So, Julie, we're going to have to step over him.
Pataki's let that be known.
And if there's a 1230 Bulletin thing here for...
I think that whole thing was bogus.
Let me check out MSNBC.
Okay, get the MS from MSNBC.
Somebody's got to watch it.
Let's see.
Doors, all their jurors are not allowed to read.
No.
So don't count on that juliennthing being accurate.
Look real flimsy.
Look real phony to me.
And here's the...
Look at this.
What is this thing?
Why are you facking me this stuff?
Are you a crazy person?
Then you send me two copies of it?
Oh, sorry.
Oh my God, about the bush and the will of God.
Is this like an article?
Is this a letter from Michael Moore?
Oh, in that case, it must be pretty good.
But it's much too long.
Okay, go on to Michaelmore.com and read his latest letter.
Okay, we love Michael Moore, but not that way too long.
See, you're living in the past, right?
Like, those seven months where I took no calls.
Right.
When I stuck the show on from 9 to 1, and we were like dying over here.
Yeah.
But we don't do that anymore.
Right, Josh?
I mean, there ain't some stuff.
And I began increasingly less.
In fact, I'm practicing because probably Miguel will be there tomorrow.
And he gets all benedited to shape and the foaming of the math about read too much.
I don't know if Miguel will be here tomorrow.
We haven't decided yet.
Oh, really?
Now, you're doing fine today.
Like I said, be still be here tomorrow.
Well, we got that thing in common with it.
In fact, probably tomorrow we'll get all the answers for our questions about we will fortune.
We go.
Oh.
And now, tell me right now too.
I probably shouldn't say this because it's putting a subliminal thought in your mind.
But next time you go and play the casino thing, we have a fortune.
When the spin symbol comes up on the third wheel, when you get a spin.
Yeah.
Now, notice, I shouldn't do this.
You sit there and stare at it.
Okay?
And stare at the way that symbol looks with the line.
You know how the pay line?
Yeah.
With the pay line through the symbol.
And it's got a certain appearance to it.
And if you sit there and stare at it off enough, you will definitely become mesmerized, hypnotized,
and just it will drive you insane.
Because the one thing about the spin symbol on those machines is you'll notice how it looks to you.
So it doesn't belong there.
In other words, it doesn't look like anything else on a machine.
Right?
Yeah.
And so it kind of stands out like that.
And you sit there and you can...
You'll have to do it yourself.
Now that I've planted the seed, what are you saying happens?
You can hypnotize.
No, nothing happens, but you become mesmerized.
It's just...
I can't describe it to you.
It's something you have to experience.
You know, it's like sex.
I mean, I can describe it to you.
But you have to experience it to understand what it is.
And the same thing with this.
You actually have to live through it.
And you look at that and you start staring at it.
And then all of a sudden you become like focused in on it.
You become like a zombie.
Anyway, David Sampson's figure that says,
the owner is free to do what he chooses.
What this does mean is it makes it very clear
the need for the models to have a new place to place no longer just about economics.
It's about survival over here.
And Sampson's first public comment since the Vegas meeting was he did not attend.
The team president said he firmly believes the deal will be completed
for a $420 million retractable roof stayed near the orange bull.
Anybody want to go to the orange bull?
No.
No way, not this kid.
Now, be sure to go there because the Herculean's player.
Right?
So you're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
You're the youth speaker.
The reason why I think the
is that the
man is not of the dirt ends up
problematic for other events such as
international soccer matches.
This is an inshawaii way because they don't want
dirt on their field.
This is an inshawaii way because they don't want
dirt on their field.
This is an inshawaii way because they don't want
dirt on their field.
This is an inshawaii way because they don't want
dirt on their field.
This is an inshawaii way because they don't want
This is an inshawaii way because they don't want
dirt on their fields.
And if the city
would be better off without them.
If the place would be better off without the
for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
The rest of you are on the 5th floor of the G.A.M.
Rogers, guys.
And then the portion that there is to the crew.
We can make a two-door function piece.
We're about to launch a fire party.
And we're going to freeze.
All of our weather is close to the air.
All of us here is for all the voices on it.
We've got our eyes on the wave in our states.
So on the gated, we can finally take this away.
Our fire can approach that paper and we will walk within the great dynamic of the day.
We're going to take two on a gated, there is a fire in the air.
We put the fire in the wind, tell this.
We're going to the Lord, give more view.
With your joy so closely appointed, you will be destroyed.
Down to the revival of the show.
The story of Lily Herrowin' right and go.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where you hold on to the hell you die.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
We've been assigned, risking hard, where we're being prevented.
I'm here to tell you, I don't care how many, you can line up like 700 desperate horny guys,
which some of those people are not desperate.
But she's mediocre at best.
No, she's the cutie.
Yeah, that's a nice one.
She's mediocre at best, you're saying it because she's on television.
Oh, I'm telling you.
Okay, she weak.
But I haven't seen her left breast.
It's big nail. It's big in a boat of us.
And that's your own scar on her ass.
It's big nail. It's big in a boat of us.
And that huge tumor that's growing out of her left ear.
It's big nail. It's big in a boat of us.
Anyway, talk show host, Regis Filman will stand in his host of Dick Clark's New Year's rock and Eve 2005,
replacing the long-time producer who's recovering from a stroke.
So there definitely could be a god.
And a statement released by his publicist today, Clark said,
I'm so glad that Regis has made a New Year's plans yet.
I feel strange watching it on TV, but my dexterous fellow was too soon.
I'm sure Regis will do a great job.
And I'm thankful he was able to step in on such short notice.
In addition, we see, Regis is a good guy.
Not a nasty obnoxious old patrol that exploits desperate poor people in Michigan.
Like you, Dick.
Filman said, it's the greatest temp job in the world.
I just hope I can uphold her standards.
Dick Clark is set for this annual event.
Look forward to his return next year.
As previously announced, we're recording star.
And we use that term very loosely.
Ashley Simpson will host West Coast portions of the show.
She's going to be lip-syncing away into the New Year.
The 75-year-old Clark suffered what was described as a mild stroke last week.
Park hosted American Vanstan for years, and recently disclosed he suffers from type 2 diabetes,
which can increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, including stroke.
He's hosted New Year's Rock and E. Special on ABC for 32 years.
Not same.
Here's one that says, the facts during the course of my regular Sunday morning shopping in my usual publics.
I went to get a bottle of the liquid soap that I've heard that I've been using for some time,
saying, eyes apricotics foliating scrub.
Only to find a huge gaping hole where two columns usually are.
The other varieties of the same soap, citrus, aloe, etc. were fully stocked, you bastard.
Also check out sunsendle.com, driven on bridges smelly feet.
Oh, bridges got smelly feet when that's here in you guys away?
No.
I sure doubt it.
Just put a nose clip on it.
A nose gay.
Nose gay.
What is a nose gay?
Isn't it like flowers or something?
What is a nose gay?
You tell me.
You put it up on the Google search. Do something.
When you're through smelling that other finger, Josh, look up nose gay.
Here is such a word.
Nose gay.
Here is a thanks from Mark who says I would advise at my son's high school football banquet last night at a Broward County public school.
You following this?
Public school.
When I noticed a pre-standing in the room, sure enough, the MC says before getting started,
Father Getzky will give it invocation.
Just as he started, I got my fat ass up out of the chair and walked out.
Ten minutes later, I peaked in, he's still rattling on.
The captive and obedient audience still had their heads bowed.
Just another example of the bully pulpit.
PS Niela, I always felt your wardrobe was just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Well, let me just say this to you, Mark, in regard to the last part of it,
I really don't care what anybody thinks of my wardrobe, so to speak,
because I'm not around to impress anybody.
Like, I'm those rare occasions of what I mean that building.
Is there anybody there?
I want to impress.
No.
No.
When I go out to woodbind, is there somebody I want to impress?
No.
When I go out to lunch, do I want to impress the natives here?
No.
I want to go to publics in the sawdress there.
Do I want to impress the...
No.
No.
I don't care.
As a matter of fact, it gets to the point where, especially when you've been fat
and the beast knows this, fat people are very rarely what you call snappy dresses,
to say the least, right?
Yeah.
We're slow.
It depends.
I'm going to name you a fat person, you know, it's like a fashion plate.
Besides Dom Deloise.
Besides Paul Prudome.
But they're times, besides Fat Rich.
What?
They're times what I want to look good.
Yeah.
And I'm going on a hot day, like impress some line chick.
I clean up pretty well.
Yeah.
I'm not talking about cleaning.
That's all I know.
You're wrong about that.
That's not what I'm saying.
I've always said if you can't look, at least smell good.
No, no, no.
The term, you know, I clean up very well means you look good and nice clothes.
I'm not touching that.
I want Josh to respond to that.
However, he would like.
And he won't say anything because he's a worse.
By the way, a nose gate is a little wedding boutique.
A wedding one?
It's like a cluster of flowers.
It's not.
Well, and I just threw it and it gets you saying that.
I thought it was flowers.
There you are.
So there you are.
I'm not quite as dumb as I thought it was.
A nose gate.
You're right.
The nose nose.
Now anyway, this business, again, another example of intolerant religious jackasses who are doing this in a public school no less.
Now, I for a long time back when I was a dolphin fan, I used to buy my own season tickets.
And Fat Rich and I used to go there and eat these big gigantic sub sandwiches.
They were very good, by the way, Rich.
But the invocation that takes place at football games is there an invocation at a hockey game?
No.
Baseball game?
No.
Basketball game?
No.
Squash?
Soccer?
Racketball?
Ping pong?
Golf?
No.
Only at football games we have this, I guess that's because football has become like a religion in America.
That's just a sport anymore.
It's like a religion.
And that's car they do like a little prayer rating before they drive away.
Do they really?
Yeah.
But the public doesn't have to participate in that.
I don't know.
They might do that.
But who cares about that?
That's a bunch of rednacks anyway.
True.
But, uh, so what I try to get people to do is at the dolphin games that we go on the earth say,
just sit in your seat.
Don't be, and I mean, stop and think about what percentage of Jews...
About 30 men.
Are atheists or agnostics or people who believe anything else besides Christians?
I write those ball games.
I guarantee that there's probably about 40% of the people who go to those games are Jewish.
When you think in Broward?
Yeah, but, uh, I don't know.
I don't know.
That's a big number.
40%.
20%.
There you go.
Okay.
And say another 10% are atheists, agnostics, whatever.
Non-Christians.
Okay, at least 30%, 40%.
The fact of the matter is, most of the time it's either a priest, a minister, once in a while a rabbi.
And there are a lot of us who don't want to participate in that.
And when you're paying a big bucks for tickets to a sporting event,
you shouldn't have to be forced to undergo some kind of religious exercise.
This again is the part only in America, maybe like to any Americans would say only in America.
Good luck.
You can't hear the air candidate center.
They've decided to play again.
They're not going to have like no gets to you there before the game, no Catholic or Jew or Methodist or a Kwanza guy.
It doesn't belong there.
And that's what the religions don't understand.
It doesn't belong there.
It's inappropriate.
It is unacceptable as what it is.
So how many other people do you think would sit?
I started just sitting during the invocation and when they play the national anthem,
they might get about respect to the flag etc.
Right?
Now do you get up during the invocation?
No.
You sit on your ass.
Yeah.
I remember when I was at UM in the marching band, no less.
Right.
We had our banquet.
They'd always say some prayers and like half the band was like Jewish.
We'd all like start making noise and talking and...
Good.
Oh.
And once in a while he would let us...
That was from his days working with the Mo.
The Mo man.
Oh, I think tomorrow, if the beast is on, he's going to talk about Mo all four hours.
Okay.
I have to spare that.
During the holidays, you want to start picking an old Mo.
How does that support the illustrated article coming?
What support illustrated?
The one that's old news.
That's old news.
But if you still got a copy of it, I'll read it again.
So just leave us all...
And so anyway, to make a long story short, maybe a half a dozen of us would sit during invocation.
Because you'd look around the stadium and of course not that I'd hear.
But people don't want to stand out.
People are going to look at me like I'm disrespectful.
The fact of the matter is they're the ones being disrespectful to us.
If we wanted to go to church on Sunday or to show or someplace like that or to the mosque,
we'd have gone there.
Okay.
We have plenty of time to do that.
Now it's football time.
Give me some ass kick and football and hell with all those religious crap.
Anyway, speaking of crap, Bernie Kerrigan.
Now, which four hundred stories would you like me to do?
I've only got 45,000 of them here.
New York Daily News is having special delight with this evidently they hate him like poison.
Former New York City Police Department Commissioner Bernard Kerrig conducted two extra marital fair simultaneously
using a secret battery park city apartment for the passionately e-zons that Daily News is learned.
The first relationship spanning nearly a decade was with City Correction Office's Jeanette Panero,
the second and more startling, startling, was with fame publishing Titan Judith Reagan.
Is the fair with Reagan, the stunningly attractive head of her own book publishing company,
lasted for nearly a year.
Dramaticly, each woman learned of the existence of the other after Panero discovered a love note left by Reagan in the apartment.
The revelations about Kerrig's private life come as repercussions over his suitability to be nominated for the Post-The Secretary of Homeland Security.
Kerrig 49 married with two children from his current marriage, with Drew his name from consideration,
in a sudden and unexpected call to the White House Friday night.
By the way, were we right about that phony MMO about Julianne?
Yes.
Phony.
Oh, the White House briefings on that.
Oh, the White House briefings on?
Inactored impression, if you have that, because this was something that was a matter of weeks, not days,
that we were going through the study process.
What are your thoughts on the quote on the White House press secretary answering reporter's questions on the Bernard Carrick to say?
Oh, that's so I should keep reading this.
Yeah, there's Wolf Blitzkrieg, by the way, here I'm during Junior, Junior.
Kerrig said questions about the immigration status of his family's former nanny,
and if they did a pay taxes, prompted his decision to walk away from the job.
He just walked away.
But speculation is continued.
There were deeper and more controversial reasons that the Daily News says,
yesterday the news reported that a six month investigation showed Kerrig had accepted thousands of dollars in cash and gifts without proper disclosure,
and it ties to a construction company that investigators believe is linked to the mob.
How do you like that? Did you know that?
I didn't see that part.
Well, there you go.
The Daily News is yanking it all out, man.
They're just obsessed with burying his airs.
Yesterday, revelations about his private life also cast a shadow on his suitability for one of the news
for his high profile cabinet positions, asked about the affairs of the secret lovedness,
Joseph Takapina, Carrick's Takapina, and then a bomb would let go.
So that's Takapina.
Carrick's attorney said, Carrick and Reagan had denied the affirmative in the past.
Takapina said, Carrick's friendship was entering into 1996,
but sources would intimate knowledge.
Of course, the theory is painted a picture of passionate and sometimes voluble e-zons.
The tumultuous Reagan Carrick romance carried on for months,
although the writing, publication and promotion of his autobiography,
at least through the writing, publication and promotion of his autobiography,
the loss of an election pursuit of justice, which Reagan's company published.
The two worked together, most of them worked out together with the New York Sports Club and Rockefeller Center,
often dined at press or restaurant in downtown Florida sources, and so on.
They were like that.
When in doubt, the two of them were working it out.
There are thousands of young people in the morning,
and in the evening, there's more than a clock to fight for.
There's not just the one to two-hour, it's a phenomenon.
I'm dying on the land.
Do do do do do do do do.
We've been sitting watching the TV with the finger of their front,
whoa, why does it know why does it know what Christian super-bore?
We've finally been to Florida, while fondling their nuts,
whoa, why does it know why does it know what Christian super-bore?
Post-bore, it takes me from the back of my teeth,
detailing back the back of rolling and cheating.
Cutting old in the cage, each of you may be produced.
That's just about all they're allowed to do.
Why does it know why does it know what Christian super-bore?
Do they get a swollen cut while feeding out their gun?
Whoa, why does it know why does it know what Christian super-bore?
Do they polish up the face on the hand-gain of their truck?
Whoa, why does it know why does it know what Christian super-bore?
See the tan and heat and sit back down again in you.
And watch it all down with the twelfth eye of the moon.
See the light of order of the hand and you do.
That only smile the fun for the fool.
Whoa, why does it know what Christian super-bore?
Do they get a Christian super-bore?
Boy!
Alright, nice one.
102 at 560 W.2 and we got the mad dog at 2 of the Humberidge Ford.
GELDI!
From smoking those plantation at 780K at 10 to 9.
Here's the poor result.
We haven't really worked on that poll too much today which is unfortunate.
Which celebrity is most successful only because of personal appearance other than the beast?
388 votes, Britney 137, Pamela Anderson 72, and Nicole Smith 72, Jessica Simpson 41,
Aston Kuchi Kuchi, look how many he's got.
3rd man.
J-L-O 19, Brad Pitt 10, and Reekies only got 7.
Either this audience thinks Enrique can really sing like crazy or whatever, right?
Or maybe the reason for that.
Maybe they don't know which Enrique you're talking about.
You wait, oh get out of here.
How many Enrique's do you know of that?
How about Enrico Caruso?
Oh man, get out of here.
Well so anyway, the White House continues to be consistent.
You know the buck stops someplace else as their motto and it always does.
White House official Saturday blamed Britney Carrick for repeatedly failing to disclose potential legal problems to administration lawyers vetting his nomination to be Homeland Security Secretary as President Bush prepared to quickly name a replacement and try to put the controversy over the former New York Police Commissioner's background in his behind.
Carrick who would do his own nomination Friday and apologize for embarrassing Bush was asked numerous times by White House lawyers if he had employed in legal immigrant or failed to pay taxes on domestic health resources said.
Carrick was told he would humiliate his family himself and the President if he lied on either account the official said he responded with firm denials.
After digging deeper however, Carrick said he discovered last week that he might have a problem on both accounts and with his name.
He might in the vetting process which was conducted by the office of White House Council Alberto Arganzalas.
Carrick also never mentioned that a New Jersey judge had issued a warrant for his arrest in 1998 or were civil dispute over unpaid bills the sources said.
The existence of the dispute was first reported by Newsweek Friday night.
It's unclear why White House lawyers couldn't uncover a warrant that Newsweek discovered after just a few days of research although some are blaming Bush's insistence on speed and secrecy for failing to catch this another potential red flags and Carrick's background.
How do you like that?
Now, the statement you asked me this morning that is I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
You as lawmakers from both parties said President Bush should consider picking Democratic Senator Jew Lieberman to be the next head of Homeland Security.
Oh my God.
Lieberman of Connecticut was one of the wimpiest people I've ever seen in my life was one of the main authors of legislation creating the Homeland Security Department two years ago.
It would be a top candidate for the cabinet post overseeing 22 federal agencies. California representative Jane Harmon Lee, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said on ABCs this week today.
For comments after those of main Senator Wimpy Susan Collins.
You know which one Susan Collins is the one who talks like this?
No.
Susan Collins, who said on the same program that Lieberman could bring the strong leadership to the department needs.
Meanwhile George Potaki wants it which I guess that he got that then clears the way for Elliott Spitzer to become governor New York, which he will.
5 6 7, you know something I've been rambling on so much today about toilets and steak although we did a very disappointing.
The response about the steak houses after you ripped Ruth Chris and I didn't do that and probably is the same thing as the people that I'm brithal.
It's that same deal.
The people with the money the people who got the big bucks we to Ruth Chris her slumpers can afford to eat there.
They're all out of time for the holidays.
They're not going to be calling us.
Right.
We just we got what we got but we need a lot more names for that pool between now and two.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines.
WDQA and hello.
Power Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you today?
Okay how are you sir?
Very well thank you.
First of all the jollieman will not take jobs as far as I can.
That's all I need is to get money and Thursday night.
Yeah.
I'm not going to get money on the yacht.
And secondly Mrs. Clinton according to the days New York.
You mean Hillary?
That one ever.
Yes.
Senator Clinton.
Senator Clinton.
It's a had a file on Kirk.
Good.
Because her husband had access to what the FBI.
Right.
And they already knew about these little tricks according to the times and just quoting them.
And it's a quote.
It says it's fair to say we had plenty to read one official involved in the process said.
But it was not until Mr. Bush had announced his choice.
If you said that Mr. Carrick began piling through the standard personal data statement questionnaire.
Right.
In other words she had the goods on him and she couldn't wait to run against it.
Good.
Doesn't make you feel better?
We could do some of the same stuff they do.
You betcha.
All right.
Have a good holiday.
And back to you.
They want to play a tough.
We'll turn around and play.
Real tough would you leave them in?
Oh man.
The wippy Democratic Party baby.
But now you know it.
I don't know what it is about.
Now why are there little voices or what they're faking noses?
Oofy hats?
Tiny little.
Meckles?
I don't know.
They just rubbed.
You guys rubbed.
They're real.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know why are there little voices or what they're faking in?
What they're faking in?
Little voices.
You have a lot of voices at this point.
The maximum voices in the video.
Can you sing them?
I don't believe you.
I can't understand these.
Don't you think they can't just sing them, kids?
Yea.
Stories of hairstyles and hairstyles, 35 African girls talk about說 falling of the
The second one is reality and mock but I can't make it.
I'm thinking right right or maybe they'll ramrod that constitutional amendments through between on and they got four years to do it and
You know who could be our leader
The Terminator man the girl perator and that means citing yeah, and you what what chance do you think that Hillary would have against Arnold if he could run
Zero less than none. I think she might have a chance against like maybe
I'm trying to figure some Robert taft. I'm not talking about the one who's in no how and I'm talking about the dead one
You might have a chance against him. Yeah original Robert taft senior, but I just it's more the Democratic death wish
He isn't that a win. I still think we got to go back to our man. Howie. I mean, I could be wrong about that
I think he demands right you don't think so. Yeah, but if he's the chairman of the DNC then he's not gonna be the chairman of the DNC
He's got bigger face to fry. He's gonna be out president day in fact after Bush gets impeached here pretty soon
Talk about turn about being fair play or you know who used to say that all the time turn around turn about a spare play Peter Marshall on Hollywood squares
Hmm remember that no never saw the original Hollywood squares with Peter Marshall
That's when the show was good when they had funny people on their like buddy hack it and Paul in the Vincent Price and you know people
Where people you like no you never saw the original good? No, I sure I'll be didn't see the one it's on now
No
Now once you I do watch all the time and people accused me of watching it because I they claim I have a fetish with the
Slot machine is we look fortune I never miss it. Oh, that's a good show
It is a good show and doing reasons a good choice because you can play along
I mean the hell with the contestants nobody cares about them. It's just that we can play along for how smart we are
Which I I got him I get most about 90% that jeopardy. I like jeopardy. I hate I just spy and with somebody by Alex for best some teeth
Please think they got a promo for a jeopardy where looks like he's got his teeth out
We're like in a glass somewhere already get lost and I'm glad that guy lost on there too. What was his name?
Ken Jennings. Oh God enough with that already Walmart whom we hate like poison just in time for the holidays
We hate spreading our hate Walmart which promotes itself as a seller of clean music
The seed customers by stacking compact diss by the rock group
Evanescence that contain the effort lawsuit claim. Oh my god. I do like that
Walmart all these up at a holier than now goody to shoot goya man. They're carrying effort discs
It's funny about that is Evan essence when they first came out there like a born again band. Were they really yeah?
We'll have them
They hit groups latest CD and DVD anywhere about home. Isn't that anywhere about homo?
Don't carry parental advice really was a learning potential buyer to the obscenity if they did Walmart
Wouldn't carry them according to retailers policy
But the lawsuit claims Walmart knew about these special eras in the song thoughtless because it's censored the word in a free
Sample available on his website and stores the complaint filed last Thursday in Washington County Circuit Court in Maryland
Seeks in order requiring Walmart to either censor or remove the music from its Maryland stores
It also seeks damages of up to 74,000 five hundred bucks for each of the thousands of people who bought the music at Walmart in Maryland
Which we say you go boys?
Whoever you are found the suit. I don't want any other families to get this expecting it to be clean needs to be removed from the shelves to
Vet other children from hearing it said plenty of
Previn's schemes of Brownsville, Maryland. Previn's schemes who have a tea spence and tam and entry
I ain't like that
Schien said he and his wife Melanie let their daughter buy the music for 13th birthday and they were shocked when they played in their car while driving home
I guess it makes you a little bit uncomfortable actually have that CD
I don't remember where there was any well you better listen to it again
Walmart of Bentonville, Arkansas has no media plans to pull the CDs from it
She was supposed to die with him told the Higgerstown Harold male
He said the company will investigate the allegations. No hearing data been set while Walmart sets high standards
It would not be possible to eliminate every image order topic then an individual my find objectionable
We can told the newspaper he told the Harold male that the song sample online was censored by Walmart calm a separate division of Walmart
Wichim didn't return telephone calls Friday from the A&P loss
It also names the defendants wind up records LLC the New York based company that recorded the music and decided not to apply parental advisory stickers and
Distributor BMG entertainment a subsidiary of Sony BMG music entertainment of New York Sony to climb the comment on the lawsuit
The schemes lawyer John Pell's of Bethesda said he aims to take this case
He aims he aims to take this case national even as that means going state by state
He dismissed what comes suggestion that Walmart stores didn't know about these sensitive version of the song
There are multi-million dollar corporation that can certainly communicate along their various entities
He said you go boys all you Yahoo's all you nose pickers up there in Maryland nailed into the cross just in time for the holidays
Even though it's the wrong one right
Now I'm gonna do Palpatot Park here, but I noticed there wasn't a piece of copy for Palpatot Center round was there this morning
Little the
Now take a look because I think Troy Stratford is laying down on the job again
I'm gonna tell you how many years as if in since Troy got me any new copy for any of his account
You're a good guy and everybody likes to rub your balls spot like the Buddha of QAM
But the fact that a matter is you just ain't cut it lately sweetheart. Just knock in the job done
You see anything?
Not a no
114 at 5 60 WQM audio horse racing fans and poker players
Pompano Park racing and poker as all the gambling the punching action you could possibly want the fact that Rachel market program for you
Located just a half mile from both I-95 in the turn
Pike Pompano Park is easy to get to invest of all Pompano Park features free admission and free general parking every day
Live harness racing in the poker room is open every day Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday four nights a week at the track
Poker starts at noon. It's already going on today goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 in the p.m
Bill miss out on dollar nights on Wednesdays when draft your soda hot dogs and more just a bucket piece starting at 6 p.m
On Mondays like tonight has agreed to for $25 full-course special dinner in the top of the park right now on the six floor
Don't forget to French onion soup. I bet you you love the French onion soup with the thick cheese on top
I do where's the beast? Yeah, you don't like that? Sure
You don't like French onion soup with the thick layer of cheese with the cheese melting oozing so full of crap
I that's one of my favorites at the top of the park on the six-floor Pompano Park
Pompano heart is located in the block side of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race schedule
Go on the web at Pompano Park dot com or call 954 972 2000 Pompano Park post-time tonight 7.25 in the p.m
Ammy
The fear's a story by a woman we don't work like I would do
Just flirted with the city
Rame the country in 1992
Wish you love. Do you think you can't hear?
Annie
Well we said it
In four years she'll have an election to get tackled
This Lord, your ability runs
No
It's not for me
My Lord, don't let me run
No, no
Who wants another plan?
No, no
She wins, we're finished and done
Yes
So good Lord, don't let me run
She has done a try-demons chance in Peoria of winning
Twenty after one at five, sixty to eighty QAM
We've got to put a lot more names on this poll
Don't you think before we get out of here?
Yeah
Maybe they just aren't that many
Maybe everybody is highly talented
Okay, didn't get where they are just because they happen to look pretty good
Because they got a pretty face and a pretty mouth
I could probably come up with something
Fies, yeah, like
What about Tom Cruise?
Tom Cruise is, now he's had some good movies, huh?
I don't know why I can't stay in Tom Cruise
But think about it
Take their acting ability
Yeah, you're right
Put Tom Cruise on, that's a good one
Although I think he's, he looks like a huntspack
If you were ugly with his acting ability, would he be anywhere?
No, but there are a lot of ugly people who have done very well
Actually, girls, Bronson, right?
Yeah
In fact, I think a lot more ugly people than really great-looking people
Jose Ferrer, was he good looking?
Huh?
Right
Just so many ugly guys
And now women, now if you're ugly, woman, you probably not going to get there
More, more actresses get picked on their looks
You don't think?
I'd have to agree
Yeah
How about Marilyn Monroe?
Ooh
What?
She was, you know, a looker
Right, was she a great actor?
I don't know, I really haven't
Marilyn Monroe, I have another one talking about dead people
I'm like James Dean
Although I didn't think he'd look, I thought he looked kind of bizarre
But nevertheless, he looked a little like Elvis
How about Elvis?
Definitely
Which Elvis?
Castillo
Elvis, personally, Jackass
What I mean, which time period?
Because the Elvis out, you know, the Harlem always has to be
The slim Elvis or the fat Elvis
Because everything with you has to be fat
You're professionally fat
See, I'm just fat because I've been, it's a habit almost in my life
Right
But you're like professionally fat, you're like militantly fat, you want to be fat
So speaking of Troy Stratford, you let him down badly
And our other friend Troy too, but that diet scan you were, I mean actually
Actually, I was actually getting along and pay for it
Yeah
You weren't following any diet?
Every time we turn around, your rich parents had you off on another cruise
And we're sucking up all the free food on the ship
Who are you kidding, man?
That is true
I know it's true
And then here we're saying, well the beast is losing weight on the balance for a while
So the first time I was on it, I really did lose like 60 pounds
I got that pretty point out
And then he went out and said, why would you want to get it back?
I mean, all of us happened
All of us have lost weight and gained it back
The whole year is truly
But there comes a point in your life when your very existence is in jeopardy
So when else you have a death wish, would you just might have, I don't know
Unless you got a death wish, why would you want to put it on again?
It's no hard to lose it
But you know it, no need to eat Baba Ghanou's the rest of your life
I hate Baba Ghanou's the one thing that they sent
They sent a lot of good stuff, but when I was sent that Baba Ghanou's
It was like, Linda Blair in the ashes even was embarrassed by that
But the first week I didn't trust you, so I just said it was just there
And then the green slime
I hate it it was
Oh my God, wow
But anyway, it's the fact you know, we had fat roots you can call him, he bugging me
How long did we have dead air there?
Because you could make up any number you want, I have no idea how long that went on
Because the phone rang, it was a short break
And he doesn't realize, I don't have my phone, isn't in this studio for obvious reasons
Right?
Right?
So I got to run in the living room and pick up the phone
Because I thought, who knows what other thing is delivered downstairs or what is going on
And there we is again
But I'm not, I'm not even putting it in the living room, you got your new cell phone
But I'll talk to you later, Richie, okay, go away
Jesus
But there's a thing with fat people, man
We're all fat people, we're like, uh, special
Don't like that
We're special
5670560, let's get some more names on this pool, get wooded, you slackards out there
A pound five, 60 out of a rise and sing it over our lives lines
Come in a QA and hello
Hello
Yes sir
Is this Mr. Neal?
Mr. Neal, is this Mr. Neal?
Yes sir
Neal, listen, these guys, when they're on the road, they need to log in
The way to do it is to sit any bench locker room country club
They're big, they're clean, they're quiet, quiet's good
Lots of magazines, newspapers, locker room, it's tenet, it'll shine your shoes for a dollar
You can heist, you can heist your towel on the way out
Alright, excellent idea, heist and then the P&E ice
Seems some hockey players do that
Because there's tons of country clubs around, just style around
Oh sure, you're just fine a country club like when you're driving around in Davy
Oh absolutely
Maybe we can go see Moe's country club or like in Sunrise
Oh, you go up to Boca, we're low
Are you starting to pick on Moe again just because he's not there?
Do you think he's ever gonna be on the river?
No, no, no, no
Really?
Now are you saying that based on information?
No, rumors are just making that up just to be a...
Just hoping and wishing
Just wishful thinking
Absolutely
WQA and hello
Hello
Yes ma'am, all lady, you only took us three and a half hours
How are you?
I like to leave a message or speak with Neil, is that possible?
You're speaking with him, this is he
Oh, why are you saying I just wanted to compliment you on the professionalism of your show
I was with every morning and I'm very glad to know that all the flavors out there
are someone to look up to with common sense
Alright
Alright, now say it
Alright, thanks, Lee Alright
Alright, bye
Okay, butch up, I mean butch down
All the flavors out there have somebody to look up to
Do the poster boy
Now here's the fact, we already know this
It's his Walmart refuse to carry John's Stuart's book, America the book because it rips
Bush religion, etc.
But they'll sell you as many guns and bullets as you want
Well that's because Michael Moore went to Kamar and now he's got to go to Walmart
If you want to spoil him for Columbine, you want to sell it of course
Yeah, of course
Well, thank goodness for that
By the way, I was at Blockbuster last night picking up Network
You were at Blockbuster?
Oh no
Oh my god
That's bad, I can't believe it
I'm sorry, we're all, I mean, we're all too
You're supposed to rent a movie nowadays
That's true
So I went in there and like they had 7000 Fahrenheit 9-11's and they were all there
Like not one had been rented but I started, I was depressed
Well then because the people who want to see that movie don't shop at Blockbuster
I don't understand everybody has seen that movie who wanted to see it
But the people who are in the censorship and in fact I wouldn't be surprised if they bleed
Bolshevik out a couple of times in Network
Probably
Did they actually let Howard Beale say it?
Yeah, yeah, no they did
Well maybe there's hope after that
You are the scene to know that one you've gone
The rest of the world is on the plastic screen
You'll be in
Larry King and they don't come
Any better than Neil Rogers
Look, congratulations, get a ride
Huh?
Who's my little kid of sin?
My kid of stick
Playin' a new one every night
But the rules are very common
Honest
Is the festival of light
And I never go and quit
Do the list
Get this one to defy your own heart
Celebrate
And it's got you two
Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy
What's up?
What's going on in the winter? They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18, so now it's a battle for the worst. They were 18
So even though both teams are 2 and 11, that often still are in the 1-1 run above, right? Well maybe somebody will win. Yeah. Why not have no idea? Well I know the 49ers are last games against the Patriots, so they got a chance of that. No chance. And the dolphins, let's see. The dolphins played the Patriots Monday and then who they got left after that? Cleveland. Cleveland, yeah. Cleveland is going to kick their ass. Cleveland's terrible, but they're still going to kick their ass. Browns are off. How many yards did the Browns have this day?
Like 17 yards and again against the bills? Yeah. Total. A total demolition, but they'll still be the, and who's the last game? I don't know. You don't know. I don't know. On our sports intent. I mean it's one thing when I stood the Patriots are playing this week in Josh Navarose because he just didn't give a flying crap about the Patriots, but the dolphins, how fast they jump off the bandwagon man. I'm smelling Super Bowl man or something that smells real low. Yeah. All the way up here. I can smell it. The FCC is enforcement.
Viewers asked NBC for tapes of the opening ceremony of the several limits, several limits, apparently response to one or more indecency complaints. Oh my god. Stop America. What is it? Stop? It is unclear who may have complained or what aspect of the broadcast may have prompted a complaint said the sources have revealed the request, but spoke on condition and an empty because they value their lives. And FCC sports personally Friday wouldn't confirm or deny investigation, but said the agency has received at least one complaint about that Olympic telecast. Maybe what's about those tight outfits that the judges have.
They're giving this to me. I think that might be a or maybe the swimmers or the divers. Maybe it was about that that water polo player. Remember we had a lot of that on there with her breast exposed. Yeah, still. I hope not. That was that was really nasty. The Olympics opening ceremony August 14 in Athens included actors and actresses. The picked two lovers dancing in the sea. Yeah. God is a fertility and a pregnant woman who's belly glowed according to an account post on the MSNBC's website. Not to mention all of those. Finding athletes.
The FCC investigates allegations of a decent broadcast when it receives complaints. The procedures come under increasing scrutiny with the recent disclosure that aside from those concerned, the controversial Super Bowl broadcast more than 99% of recent and decent complaints have come from one group. The parents television council. And I would suggest you that more than 99% of individual complaints have come from one unmanageable individual in South Florida. The PTC says the FCC is fitting to count many thousands of its complaints. It says the source of complaints should make no difference to approach.
The process aimed at determining whether networks are breaking the law against a decent broadcast. Critics of the parents. What is it called again? The parents television council say it's attempting to impose its views are acceptable broadcast, which of course it is. There are the sensors. There are the ones who decide what community standards are. This little handful of mysteries have decided for all the rest of America. What's the set what you can watch? What you can read? What you can see? What I can say on here? What kind of fart sounds we can make? Etc. And so on. Now Frank where it's no kind of fact. Are we going to get any more stuff for our pool or not? Because I got a whole bunch of stuff that I'll never get to.
I can't say some for tomorrow especially since the beast is regaled us with stories of public public's the restrooms. There you go. Okay.
Anybody was listening early. I'm sure a lot of you weren't we started at 10 this morning. 10 sharp. Stern got to 9.53 in the morning and decided he had an appointment or something to do any life he bailed out. That was it. And I heard standby. And I was at standby and I stood by. I mean I still have to believe that was a nightmare. I can't believe that that was true.
You were awfully happy when you got that. No I was not. I was maybe even worse than I was expecting that I had about another maybe 45 minutes at least for that package to arrive.
So it wouldn't happen in the middle of the show. Not even realizing the fact Richard would be calling on my phone in the other room twice during the show.
Not once but twice causing in a humongous embarrassment. Okay. And we didn't even get the answer. No. That thing he emailed me. That was so lame. He got my hopes up.
That was such a crap. It told it told me nothing. Nothing that I don't already know about random because I've read that guy's crappy for that right.
So Cassino is jazz. It's a crap. See anybody that wants to send you a newsletter or you go on the internet. You try to find the slot machine secrets or gambling secrets.
Look if anybody had that information. Are they going to sell it to us? Are they going to need to sell it to us? No. It's like all these games on TV. You know that guy with the real estate. What the hell is that guy's name?
I don't know what all the pre no no. Not he's one of them. But the other one. I don't get on for years. Always selling. Oh, how do you were selling me? Well, how come he's not doing it?
The reason he's not doing is because he knows it's a bunch of crap and he's getting rich selling suckers like us. A bunch of phony stuff off info.
Versals. How do you reach? How to make thousands of these people doing it like a pop up toaster just like round for appeal.
He gives everybody like one of those pocket fishermen and they sit in the audience. Yeah, how about that? Let's go.
There's another one. That's not the one though. I can't think of this guy's name. Some old toad. He's been selling his real estate scam for years on TV.
Everybody's going to get rich. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines as we have some area.
That leader of the community here on the air. That was that was really special. WQ and hello. Q a.m. Yes, sir.
Carlton Sheets and little leopard. I think we're going to make a who Carlton Carlton Sheets.
Oh, Carlton Sheets. Yeah, that's one. There's another one to Carlton Sheets. Thank you very much.
He's three sheets to the one you know Carlton Sheets. He's probably the most famous one. He's been on for how many years?
About 30 man. He's his will Carlton Sheets and the selling real estate. You can make $40,000 while you're sleeping.
And $245,000 next month. And they are on an on a goes crap. I would rather buy one of those a run for people or
history events. He put runs head in it. WQ a.m. Hello. I believe in Santa. God.
WQ a.m. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I don't really listen to Howard very much, but this morning
for an alcohol scene was on there. Oh, God. And he was down and out. He's living in a shelter in New York City somewhere.
Right. We know that. I'm a fat Jew. Yeah. I'm thinking, uh, maybe we should get like a saved a bird of her
foundation going or something. Yeah, that's an idea. All right. Thanks. But I don't think so.
Al Goldstein, boy, it's during it. It must be the holidays. You know, no wonder he left and went home early.
Maybe he was taking Al for lunch for a couple of lunches. Four Al and the establishment got to him.
They did to any Bruce. They did to Al Goldstein. They'll get to you sooner or later. Sooner or later. I got to play that again.
Now, do you like that bit as much as all the rest of us tonight? It's not pretty. It's why pretty good.
You're just not a grassroots person before your time. It's got to be for Josh and George's time too, but they like it.
At least George does. Josh, I don't know. Michael, say anything. Just go to long.
That right. Yeah. You do often you do. You often say something just just to be like, you know, keep everything calm.
Melo, you know, I want to like to disturb the rock to boat too much. You say so.
Yeah, like that. That business George brought up about the people to play slot machines. They're either old ladies or.
Yeah, right. Or you saw. Yeah. See, that's you probably have played them plenty. You just don't want to remember.
You've never put one point in the slot machine. I have no interest in playing the slot.
Oh, I just it just doesn't tickle my fancy. That's two great lines he gave us today.
George, sing a new one.
The last one.
The last one.
It's day.
If I am the child.
But you need it.
At five six o' W Q A M.
The mad dog is out of control.
And you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment.
Jim Mandage sings duet.
Well, I'll ride.
Run around and free, brother.
I'll ride.
Hear the mad dog.
Jim Mandage sings, Washington.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
Oh.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
You think it's gonna work, huh?
But now he says, I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't piss it up, but that's God it's jeez butt.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America and face these
and the jeez string up here, I'll do it.
You got so much better than I know.
That is all right.
All right.
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy.
Oh, Sam!
Oh, Sam!
Oh, Sam!
You've made it.
Sing to it.
Available now at All Blockbuster Stories.
145 at 5.60 WQAM.
Now it's interesting talking about Wayne and the hypocrite
that he is.
Remember, the first game that mandates did the color on?
Probably don't remember that.
No.
The first broadcast down here in the middle of the game
during commercial break, Wayne comes storming in the studio
because before the game, the man did some comments
about the condition of the mound and because the Marlins were playing in the stadium
and about the dirt in the slot.
And Wayne came in and just bit some out of the way.
Before we start talking about things, you don't know about it.
And just rip them in ass.
And now it's interesting that Wayne is saying,
well, the Marlins aren't going to be able to play here anymore
because yada yada yada.
Is it?
It was okay and everything was just fine.
And don't be spilling the beans when he owned both teams.
But now it's a different story.
Let's see.
Now, what is this thing here from Martha?
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
C8 already sporting
one of the top five 60
both the similar kind of
container sort of
man, oh look at that great completion the only problem is the guy who caught the balls
wearing the other teams uniform right in their hands and then of course your boy that threw
that awful pass for the redskins I can't get over that last night what's his name
we got Patrick Ramsay I know what it is Patrick Ramsey's I thought Ramsey's were like
a condom I mean that was just unbelievable this thing terrible talk about snatching the
feet from at least a shot to go into overtime they had a shot like Jimmy would say and
how come he's still on there I was damn I'm Fox and if CBS doesn't stop hyperventilating
we got we got Danny boy and we got Boomer and we got whoever all those four goofballs
on there and they're patting each other when he asks they're slapping and hypha that's
our guy thing it's just just you know it's right I think it's a guy thing I think it's a
thing that patting on the ass stuff might as well be those costus spots remember those
promo's these day by NBC and he'd be like walking down a hallway in the toward the locker
room with some jacquo like he came up to his puppet costus and he's patting him on the
ass I mean why is he a guy's in another guy's back to me is like
baby WQAM hello I know that Randy road use both those Drew Michael soundbites to know
and okay soundbites can you believe that think of a bit about Randy oh no what about
we still do about top show groupies okay they're all the same different some different
flavors you know it's like curdled yogurt different flavors but generally the same so
Randy you know yeah who cares man grow up grow up get a life okay get some help before they
stick your ass in the ground pali man talk about chronic go take some chronic tonic WQAM
hello pretty good sir I think I've heard no one was Drew Michael's
Drew Michaels oh yeah oh Oh I mean I hear there's a bit but not another break already
is it I gotta couple those real estate guys I'm gonna have a new everybody else that's name what is
it I gotta a couple those real estate scam guys named one of them was Dave Dell. Oh
oh Dave Dell Goto I remember him very well and the other one was Tom Tom Lou or Tom
Boone he went to prison because him and his brother had some kind of racket where they were
line and then brother was a travel agent yeah and uh... how many of the
guys are there
so crap on TV yeah
yeah to that to bad that herbal life died
he died
the herbal life guy he died i think i would have been hit a black hair the
black heads
yeah i don't know that he was not old though was in his midway fifty
fifties now he was like uh... i don't know as i think in the state
thirty's
oh my god
try the products i think you're right back too many too many of the products
you're listening to me you don't need a Roger
exclusive
and
i know that the lord even loves neo-roger's your car you love it you need it
and you want to protect it but how
you try the club you try to go jack you even put your trust in the wimp
little alarm system that came with your car but where did it get you
but
now the answer is here with the palestinian car alarm
the sound that could wake the dead and it sure is heckle wake the neighbors
the palestinian car alarm works because it's not a mechanical device it's a
genuine palestinian and boy is he alarm
the palestinian car alarm not only sounds a startling alarm it also uses verbal
messages to ward off would be intruders
and the piece for six the palestinian car alarm will make them pay the ultimate
price
i won't let you car these doors like my homeland
time for you to die
whether you're barbotte sunset strip or the gaza strip
you need the palestinian car alarm
walk up to seven i'm market down on your sleeve that oh here's a fact please
play the palestinian car alarm but thanks you welcome there you go see how easy we
are especially at the allies very cost of killed about a minute and a half
but anyway market down on your wrist market on your radio that uh... starting
next monday the last two weeks of the year uh... stern's gonna be on tape so we're
gonna be starting at ten which we did this morning at about seven minutes
of with spots and then starting to show a ten on the notes to us
we can start with a little bit of getting opening in there you know i'm saying
yeah i'm sure you can relate to that whenever you get opening you just hop right
in sure i don't see Marilyn Monroe speaking about our pool now i guess we'll have to
change the question is and then we can put in parentheses wise most successful
see what i'm saying okay but i noticed that yeah i mean i don't want you to be
disagreeable now at the end of the show we almost got through the whole thing
but you need to put Marilyn Monroe and the James Dean also i think the two of them could be
on there because i got to be honest with you i just didn't see it you know i didn't see any talent
either one of none zero you think he was a great actress i didn't i don't think he could
act as wet of a paper sack James day everyone said he was overrated oh over he made three movies
he made rebel without a cause giant with Liz Taylor and what's the other one he made there were
three movie that's all he made and then he uh... got killed but by even sell many of them
well that's not a story sell many of course was claiming anyway so we're gonna put those on
here i'm sure in fact when i refresh the thing i fully expect to see Marilyn Monroe and James
Dean on here like any second now when you think that would think so let me take a look here and then
i don't see the one of monitor yet that's it i'll have to refresh now
so like i said and of course i'll be on vacation last for those people that hate George like poison
i'll be on vacation like the 23rd through the new year's day and then George will be on vacation
all this week so the people that hate me uh where we're just giving the information out there
so nobody has any more weighty waxing so you know how that goes oh i didn't know you were going
to be all we're just doing or the other way around yeah because one thing about some food
no matter what we put on we always have that group out there who hates it especially they got a
Iran de s five he's my favorite he's panellio now with him i'm up he was even lower than Gilbert
which celebrity is or was most successful because of personal appearance britney spheres 172 and
in a call 112 back in the day uh... pan Anderson 111 Jessica Simpson 52 acting kuchi kuchi kuchi
kuchi 35 jailed 29 red pit 13 and reek a is a dozen he's starting to move on up time cruise one and
we just got our magic merrill emin roe and jimmy deen that's james the view not jimmy deen with
the sausages mad dogs neck bye bye bye
