By the youth fast dude
You're looking good
Are the rings aren't clean?
But I'm just still as obscene
What the God of the Trail?
And Hocking for Hell?
I'm like a 58 year old chip of hell
Well I bet you wish you were late
Have I served you, Ray?
And why too much hell, Ray?
Damn they're all almost died
Cause all the money was fried
But slick will he's back?
My bank's free from work
Just so bad that I don't have a heart attack
They can love my daughter
And try and discard
I'm driving my prey as to the adult book store
And I bet you wish you were late
And who could blame you?
Wow
56 and that means it's time for the break right?
And what I saw timing today you know?
Sure
And we got a couple of good faxes there
And by the time we read all the liners in the promos for this weekend
It'll be time to go home
And I'm now a researcher
Me and Rogers mornings in mid-day
And for some long a clock to fight
And we'll see you again
Why the hell you bastard?
There's a bad left ring guy
What was to say goodbye Michael Moray
He wears extra large pants
And they love him in France
My demori
His new flick
He does full of tricks
G of his sick
Cause it picks on
George W
Might become number number one
And then when it's done
Won't be fun
But it'll be smooth
His documentary
Forstars from John Kerry
Michael Moray
There's been wins and us skirt
His speech will last an hour
You can bet
And now all the fox news
Would like him to be moving to Norway
But it's clear he'll stay here
To be a pain in barrier
Michael Moray
Back to him
Love it 020560 WQM
Happy Friday to you
We didn't really have to do any foreplay today you know
Right, let's try it on into it
Which is excellent
Let's do that every day
Have you have Howard and Robin Hood
Loathe there
Cinnamon Ope
Say 1040 and 9 sounds really good
1052 sounds even better
Here's a couple of faxes we got before we get in the heavy meat
I'll show it to Agus
We'll do the faxes first
Got a lot of stuff today
If you have an appointment to call today
We may have to postpone it till after the election
We'll get a rain check
Yeah, we'll send you a rain check
Or make sure you send your rainman
Here's one from Kathy that says
I go to vote
Now with excitement
Who would anger
Kathy is mad
She is pissed up and fired off
Angered that so many people choose to be ignorant
To the horrors of this administration
What does it say about the values of these people
When they're more concerned with stem cell destruction
Than with the killing of children in Iraq
Who's charred and mutilated bodies are only shown by people like Michael Moore
Where is the public outrage?
See this faxes got like all these lines through and I have no idea why
It just came out that way
Oh, says our sons and daughters are being slaughtered for oil
While their brainwashed to believe they're fighting to keep terrorists out of America
The reality is the terrorists are living happy and free under the protection of the Bush administration
This administration is damn right, scary
Why are the masses sitting on their asses as Kathy?
She said it is totally un-
You might feel better about this fax
Maybe this will cheer up a little bit
It says it took me two hours to vote yesterday in Brevard County
The line was long primarily because many people were taking up to 20 minutes
To fill out the ballot either due to its signility, a language barrier
Or they didn't bother to read a sample ballot
Prior to arriving and they were unprepared
They were unprepared
Right?
Right?
It's a lesson for all you people out there to go to vote
Do not go un-
Prepared
It says it's my understanding that as of Wednesday only 16,000 voters were able to submit a ballot using the early voting option in Brevard County
We used the old bubble sheet process here, you know that?
That's the one
And I would imagine giving the combination of several demographics in South Florida and touchscreen voting
That we can anticipate major problems in controversy on two days we did in 2000
Absolutely correct
There were no incidents despite bush supporters, rebel yelling, anyone who didn't display bush, Chinese allegiance on their cars or clothing
The good news here is that since there's no privacy in the crampot registration or offices
Everyone can see for whom you're voting
Interestingly, I saw no one of any age or ethnicity voting for bush
I want to read that sentence again
Interestingly, I saw no one of any age or ethnicity voting for bush
This could be a result of Democrats urging their supporters to vote early
While bush supporters will wait until Tuesday
But it may also indicate that people from all walks of life have had it with a pan bush dynasty
It appears to be hoped for the Republic and the Constitution says whoever this is Robert
Nice going, Robert
And it wasn't Robert Greeper by the way
You can be sure of that
Speaking of Robert, though
Yes
We have him to thank for all those funny videos that we got today
So thank you, Robert
Yeah, but you're still an idiot
No, the other Robert
Not Robert Greeper
Oh, that raw, our Robert Greeper
Arab Killing Robert
Oh, as opposed to Robert Greeper, the rest they don't come ill creepier
2037 votes on yesterday's poll, which campaign issue is most important to you?
Choms in the economy, 546, Iraq, 394, Civil liberties 303
Religious extremism, 259
None of them get it over with already 195
Health care 97, Homeland Security 95
Stemsell Research 63, the draft 33, Cuba 23
Israel 15
And abortionally 14
I'm shocked, I guess that's because they don't have any women, right?
I wish
Speaking of women, be depritten today, it's Josephine Van Osdonk
What?
Careful, I say that
That's her name
Josephine Van Osdonk
I know how to say these Dutch names, okay?
I live there for about five minutes
She was born October 6, 1974 in Amsterdam
Which makes her like, how was that make her?
3rd man
Yeah, last time I checked, this barely took a couple weeks
Guess what the name of her newest movie is that she just completed
I dare not even guess
No, it's one word, it's Dunk
Yeah, that's the name of her movie
Yeah, that's it
Yeah
She also was in Stuka Hume Humor
I say a bunch of Dutch stuff, who'd go ahead, yeah?
I can't read any of it
Oh my, she played Irene Van Toppenberg
Vervedine, I can't read any of this Dutch craft
That's one of the many reasons you wouldn't want to stay there
Believe me, that Dutch will grab you crazy
With all the jays and the zes and all that
Flunner spitting up tots over the letter
Oh God, so anyway, that's who we got there
We got the lovely Josephine Van Osdonk
Is behind the beauty curtain today
And she looks better than her name sounds
Not much better, but a little bit, not too much
I don't know, it's okay, here's the uphold today
I don't know, this, I kind of
Well, you notice I scratch one thing out there
I'm not really sure I like this poll, but it'll do okay
Other than George W. Bush, who is the most dangerous American today
You know who we left off?
Who?
There's so many we left off
Well, I'm sure we'll add more
How about Rush Limbaugh?
Okay
I think he's small potatoes compared to some of the others
Well, certainly we're young, but he's certainly better known than say like Paul Wolfowitz
Right? Well, we're gonna put it on there
Put the fat Rush Yon there
We should put phone freak on there too
Who?
Phone freak O'Reilly
Dick Cheney, Donald Rubbersfeld, John Ashcroft, Jeb Bush, Paul Wolfowitz
Nice hair, by the way Paul
And Rush Limbaugh
That's a list so far we got your sticks
I'm sure we'll probably get a few more added
If it won't be took a few calls, that's gonna be a problem though
What is that?
You know what I mean? You got a lot of stuff
Well, oh, do I have a lot of stuff?
Do you only got like two hours and 52 minutes left that I'm counting?
Talk fast, double time
No, we got to get a couple of calls and get some more names on that list
Because I don't want to leave anybody out like say
Carson Davie probably ought to be on there
What are you laughing about?
We'll see W.A.N.
Not there
W.A.N. Hello
Hey, sir
You've got a route there out of both
All right, that's a good one, wrestling
See, I told you we took a couple of calls, we'll get them in there
We got a time this thing out today, we're very pressed for time
W.A.N. Hello
Good morning sir
How about Tom Delay?
Oh, good one
And Tom, thank you so much
One downtown to both on Wednesday voted at the government center
And I've voted down there since 96
And I've never seen the number of machines and the number of people down there voting
Oh, yeah, excellent
Both seem to be voting the right way, voting for Kerry
No, voting the left way
So, wow, hey, I hope
Voting the correct way, don't correct me
That correct way
So anyway, you're underlay as my guy
All right, thanks, actors
All right, you're right, Tom Delay belongs on there right away, with me, with me, with me, with me, with me, without delay
I thought we'd be able to do this before the show, but Stern tied it up for that first break for us
I guess I must have a copy of our log
Look for the QAM van today, 430-630, at Stokeys of Gares
At 117th and Kindle Drive, stop by to spin the wheel for our low budget prizes
But enjoy free food, good stuff from Atlantic City Sub's
Tomorrow, Georgia's got a couple of deals tomorrow
Georgia's tomorrow, afternoon from noon to two, at South Motors Infinity
At 169.15, South Fixi Highway in Miami, stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food again from Atlantic City Sub's
And from 3-5 tomorrow, look for the QAM van
At Bill SIDEL's Boulevard and Savings, northwest 36th, the San Chaguy is going to be there
Northwest 36th, just west of 27th Avenue, stop by for prizes and free Atlantic City Sub's again
And once again, little Georgia will be there, the San Chaguy
See, we got the video, we got the full story on this from the New York Times
We headed on our website, thanks to Aline Samuels being on the bone, how did that thing from the Channel 5 in Minneapolis St. Paul
About the actual video of the American troops being there
So all of these excuses about those, if you have any 80,000 types of explosives
And all of a sudden, I must have taken them out in the hidden them before we got it
Guess what, the answer is now, if you come up with a better excuse than that
Very sad, very weak
WQAM, hello
Yes sir
Oh, they were debating, oh my god, they must have been like an elephant stepping on my flip slide
It was great, that Obama really liked him
He's great, I think he ought to be replaced on it with a varacal bomb a win by 40 points
I think so, but let's see, is Keith like a cause of baggage or something?
His daughter is, in fact, he had her picture on her face
His manner is out of the closet
His mannerism is speech, I thought he was like in the ass if he had the chance to be a woman
Well maybe he's got the gaugings in the family, you know, she got up from somebody
Yeah, I wonder which of the Chinese has got the gaugings
If it's not Lynn, it must be, yeah, the other one
Yeah, at any rate, that's bad
Although, I want to remind you that the Chinese do have a bull-dike daughter named Mary Cheney
The lesbian novels back in the 80s that she tries to present, she knows nothing about
Well, she, of all of them, I mean, Dick Cheney's the biggest crook in the world, there's no question about that
But of all of them, she is the most hateful, obnoxious, sour
Did you see her, all that righteous indignation about her?
He's a bad man, he's a bad man, man, the older brother, he's a bad man
You foany with a bull-dike daughter, who now do you kiddin' bitch?
She is a snouthead
Let's see, Rob says, please explain your opposition to amendment three
Seems like only the lawyers are against it because they lose money, I agree with you all the others
Well, that's because amendment three would like to protect the incompetent doctors at the insurance company
And the insurance companies, both of these above, okay, we don't want to protect either one of them
If you get like, and nobody, nobody, well, I wouldn't say that because I haven't had really a horrendous experience, a couple of really close ones
But, you've got a bad doctor, man, doctors again can destroy it, they can take away your life
They have a bad lawyer, unless you're on trial for your life
But other than that, generally speaking, bad lawyers can cost you some money, they can cause you some grief
But they're not going to cause you to die
And then the bad is all the rights away from you, the patient, and puts it into the hands of the doctor
That is correct companies, you should be able to sue them for zillions
I mean, what's more important than your health, right?
Right, except maybe the show
Solomon says, this may be perceived as a frivolous question, but did you happen to borrow the equipment you were saying yesterday, Zagrezunt
from the movie Mystery Man?
Yeah, you got me
You got me
What?
How about your father?
You go to 277 times for me
You're kidding! That's a fact!
Great strategy, but that's not right
That is outrageous and unacceptable
I know
I love it 1762 votes on the pool, somebody says they're just frequently evil Carl Roe, but he's going to run her right away
I beg your pardon?
I said amen
Big change in 34, John Ascroft 15, other than Bush, the most dangerous American today, Rumsfeld 6, Nader 3, Bush 3, Jim that is
Our fat ass governor
Paul Wolfowitz won, nice airfall, Tom Delay and Rush Limbo, and on Carl Roe of Ningo-Warner, Yafanee-Will, and also
Michael Powell, and somebody faces in says, don't forget about Michael Powell, because you can't say crap, well guess what?
How do you like that? Huh? Take that Michael Powell and another one, one more rep
Yeah, I just can be sure
Who's voice is that saying crap, by the way? I beg your pardon? Who's voice is that saying crap?
Why are you asking? Oh, I don't know, is it Jeb? No, no, no, no, no, see you understand
Maybe that preceded that predate of you?
No, it certainly didn't because it was back when Randy and Adam were working together
And so she had things that she would stick in and that she didn't want other people to use on other shows
So they would put it in there under some innocuous thing, so uh...
Under Jeb Bush, I'd say, that's why it says Jeb Bush, although you notice it has a definite relationship, there's Bill Nelson, I'm not going to offer an escob, and I'm not going to go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go and go
and there's a
in your hand. Okay here very quickly we have nothing to say about this because it speaks for itself.
Fox News Channel Television host Bill O'Reilly and Andrea McRus, who was a producer of his talk,
you have agreed to settle their legal dispute over her allegations of sexual harassment. O'Reilly's
lawyer announced yesterday and they can't say nothing more and they agreed to that and so
obviously he admitted and they paid her off and it's the end of that. Right? Right. Right. Okay now
let's get to the important stuff because we got bigger fish to fry than Bill O'Reilly. Anybody
who thinks that Bill O'Reilly is important is that it will be a simple thing. Just a big
pompous bag of lies is basically what he has all spin all the time. I'll put them in the dryer.
Video shows GI's and Al-Ka-Ka weapon cash. I just love the way people are pronouncing that.
Don't you? They just keep going back and forth like you think they're mine. They're trying to avoid saying
Kaka. Yeah, we're trying to avoid saying that. But they just can't stop saying it.
I mean who it's probably every reporter's dream to say Kaka on TV you know. Anyway here's
the real story and maybe they even knew that these videos existed. A videotape made by a television
crew with American troops when they opened bunkers that is sprawling your recognitions complex
out the bag. That shows a huge supply of explosives still there. Nine days after the fall of
Sodom was saying apparently including some sealed earlier by the IAEA the International Atomic
Energy Agency. The tape which is broadcast on Wednesday night by the ABC Affiliate Minneapolis
appeared to confirm a warning given earlier this month of the agency by Iraqi officials who said
that hundreds of tons of high high grade explosives parable enough to bring down buildings or detonate
nuclear weapons advanced from the site after the invasion of Iraq. The question of whether the
material was removed by Mr. Hussein's forces in the days before the invasion or alluded later because
it was unguarded has become a heated dispute on the campaign trail with Senator John Kerry
using bush of incompetence and bush saying it's unclear when the material disappeared and rejecting
what he called Mr. Kerry's wild charges. Reconz experts from middle with the work of the International
Inspectors Intermax said the videotape appears identical to photographs that the inspectors took
the explosives which were put under seal before the war. One frame shows what the experts say is a
seal with narrow wires that would have to be broken if anyone entered through the main door of the bunker.
The agency said that when the left of Iraq had been marked only days before the war began the
only bunker is verbing its seals at the huge complex contained the explosive known as HMX
which the agency had monitored because it could be used in a nuclear weapons program. It is now
clear the program had ground to a halt. The New York Times and CBS reported on Monday that Iraqi
officials had told the agency earlier this month that the explosives were missing and that they
were looted after April 9, 2003, the day Baghdad fell. Last night, the Pentagon released a satellite
image of the complex taking just two days after the inspectors left showing a few trucks parked
in front of some bunkers. It isn't clear they're the bunkers with the high explosives. All we're
trying to demonstrate is that after the IAEA left and that the place was under Sodom's control,
there was activity said Lawrence Derrida, the Pentagon spoke to me. You know which one he is? He's
that tall liar. Oh, and it was always sitting behind rumstorm. I said, it's not clear from the photo
what activity if any was underway. On Thursday, a top Iraqi official said the interim government
spoken to witnesses who said the material was still at Al-Kaka at the time Baghdad fell.
The video taken by KSTPTV and ABC affiliate Minneapolis A.F.A.L.
shows troops breaking into a bunker and opening boxes and examining barrels. Many of the containers
are marked explosive. One box is marked Al-Kaka status establishment, apparently a shipping
label from a manufacturer. The ABC crew said the video was taken April 18. The time he was
critical to the debate in the presidential campaign by the Pentagon's own account units of
the 100th Airborne Division when you're Al-Kaka for what Mr. Derrida said was two to three weeks
starting April 10. Then they headed north to Baghdad and the site apparently was left unguarded.
By the time special weapons teams returned to Al-Kaka in May, the explosives were apparently gone.
How do you like that? Many A.F.A.L.s television crew was with an army unit that was camped near
Al-Kaka. A number of the crew said the reporter and cameraman said that although they were not
told specifically that they were being taken to Al-Kaka by the military, their videotape matches
pictures of the site taken by you and weapons inspectors according to weapons experts.
One weapons expert said the video tape and some of the agency's photos of the HMX stockpiles
were such good matches. It looked like they were taken by the same camera on the same day. How do you
like that? This doesn't mention about the soldiers lighting a match to try to see it about how they
got singed and are clothing got burned, said, or so on. But anyway, and now,
Chris, we have to hurry because I can read the whole thing, but it will be on our website from
New York Times. A militant Islamist group today claimed to be in possession of a large
port that they explosive that were missing from ammunition's depot facility in Iraq. That's sweet.
What did they want with them? They got them. The group calling itself Ali Islam's army brigades
made the claim in a video broadcast today and more that it will use the explosives
of foreign troops threat in Iraqi cities. Its video statement said heroic Muja Hadid have managed
by the grace of God and by coordinating with the number of the officers and the soldiers of the
American intelligence to obtain a very huge amount of the explosives that were in the Al-Qaeda
facility which was out of the protect of the American forces. How do you like that? And Don
Francesco on a West Coast. Older lion. They're not going to do that. The video was obtained by the
AP but the groups think would not be independently verified. The speaker of the video was surrounded by
masked armed men standing in front of a black banner with a group's name on it. He said we promised
God and the Iraqi people that will use it against the occupation forces and those who cooperate
with them in the event these forces threaten any Iraqi city. Nearly 400 times while we know about that.
We know all about that deal. So there you go. They got them. So all of these denials. See I want
you to keep one thing in mind. Okay, that this administration and this president never admit
the mistakes. The reason I want you to keep that very much in front of your mind is that when I
get to that article which I told you about before, the name of which which one is it? I don't know.
Oh God. Well, I got I got such a pile here. Man, we might have to stay out till midnight.
Kakka. Right. Oh yeah. In 1999, I'll get to this a little later. All right. In 1999, and this
is by Russ Baker, very well known columnist, candidate Bush spoke of wanting to invade Iraq if
he elected and these comments are for a ghost writer. Mickey Hirstowicz was ghost writing a
book about Bush but then Karen Hughes didn't like a lot of the things in here and they finally fired
his ex they decided to write themselves too much too much honesty in it. But there's a line in
their fact. I think I'll read that line now and again later when I read the whole article for
anybody who might miss it. Okay, throw the end of the article. It's very long, ponderous, but I'll
get to it and I will read the whole thing. Anyway, Hirstowicz says he told me that as a leader,
you can never admit to a mistake. Hirstowicz said there was one of the keys to being a leader
according to George W. Bush. If they never admit to being mistaken, it may not be good, but at
least he's consistent. Don't forget one thing. What's that? It puts the load in the basket.
That's what I heard. 26 past 11 at 5.60 WQM right now I'd like to tell you about our friends
over guaranteed mortgage bankers and field meet with over 275 different mortgage programs available
to them. They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Recently,
they helped out listener bars who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home in a
million years. Not only were they able to qualify and they were able to present him three options
before a 66-16. Whether you're looking for an interest only loan, a 30-year fixed rate.
But third, man! I want to leave many low-rated, adjustable mortgages, guaranteed mortgage
bankers and field meet as exactly what you'll be needing. They offer payments as low as
$332.00 per 100-rand year borrow. And guaranteed mortgage bankers and field meet will make
your mortgage happen and they'll also send you out of crews. That's right after closing your loan
with these folks. Guaranteed mortgage bankers and field meet, you'll be able to choose one of
six different seven-night cruises compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers. Call them right now
toll-free, 1-800-734-6616. Whether you want to buy a new home and investment property or just
refinance your current mortgage, call at toll-free number or you can look up more bottom on the web at
guaranteedmortggebankers.com. You'll be treated just like family by guaranteed mortgage bankers
and field meet. Call them today toll-free. There's absolutely no obligation, 1-800-734-6616.
This is Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I'm an English student getting some operations done.
Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. And I was wondering if you had some tummy
tuck and lip augmentation, cosmetic compress, surgery, face tip, all of these things.
And there's wondering... What was I going to stare at? Well, I need to get everything done. Probably
the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you be
resting for yourself? Uh, I can't be done, but I don't know if they would do it right. It was the
lotion in the basket. How much? 5,000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Laser surgery. Have the limbs stop crying yet, mommy? It's a surgery? Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first.
In there, if I'm looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you. Should I wear my skin suit,
made of body parts, mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay, um, there is a $100 consultancy. That's fine.
Okay. Okay. Um, my name is Buffalo Bill. Okay, let me get a little operation from you. Okay.
I like mommy. You, right? What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation? What's the lotion in the basket? Okay. Would you like to
make an appointment? Are you going to call me back? What's the lotion in the basket? I understand.
I got my skin suit and it put like, well, it puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that. Would you like to? It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in a bit. Okay. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello.
Here's what I'm carrying. Only we got the bitch talking again.
In Orlando, in the last year.
And that's just the broad. Where's the bread? At home. At home? George Moose looks like
dogs, falling wages and rising costs and he tells struggling little class families that
everything is just fine. Well, that's because for the powerful and the well-connected friends,
he spent the last four years fighting for. It really is the best economy of a lifetime.
And now he's asking you to give him another four years so that he can keep giving those friends
the same old special treatment they've gotten for the last four years.
Well, that does not have to be our future. That may be George Bush's record,
but it doesn't have to be America's future. And if we do our work, it won't be.
Anyway, here's the original article from Channel 5 in Minneapolis, St. Paul, about the
weapons. I just wanted to get to that part about the lighting. Well, I just want to read the whole.
Okay. Five eyewitness news exclusive footage brings to light. New questions about
our garden explosives in a racket. It goes down about Al-Takhan on April 2003 visit.
Our crews, what the soldiers using bolt cutters to get into bunkers inside. They find many
containers marked explosives. At least one set of crates carried the name Al-Takhan State
establishment. Military personnel told 5 eyewitness news that the area visited was secured by an
outside perimeter. Our crew said the area felt more like no man's land. At one point there was a
group of the rackies driving right in a pickup truck said former 5 eyewitness news reporter Dean
Staley, we were worried they might come near us. Photojournalist Joe Kaffrey recalls seeing
a rackies watching them as they went through the bunkers. As his crew and the troops from the
101st departed each bunker they left them open. It didn't appear that this was being secured in
any way said photojournalist Joe Kaffrey. It was several miles away from her military people were
staying in their tents. Kaffrey also because overhearing a military briefing after curious soldiers
had encountered another bunker. Apparently two soldiers had gone into these bunkers lit a
match for light and the fumes are powder whatever was exploded in burger clothes off he said.
Shortly thereafter everyone was told to stay away from these bunkers. Another bunker encountered
by the 101st airborne and a five eyewitness news crew was locked with chains and a seal left by
inspectors from the IAEA. According to the IAEA the seal marked a facility suspected of holding
dual-purpose materials that could be used to produce nuclear weapons. They named your
pride themselves in this. I don't like to mention a little of all our explosive craft.
While your kids out there next time you go and see a whole bunch of explosives don't be
at newsboard. This stuff is all mounting like crazy to last few days. Nothing could make me
happier you know. It could be a really good result on Tuesday but for the time being.
And Chris Matthews you an idiot baby. Man you talk about a waffler. You couldn't believe the
sounds he was making last night. I've never seen anybody in my life waffle life.
This Matthews and MSNBC. No one or nobody watches that craft. The FBI's begun investigating whether
the Pentagon and properly awarded no bid contracts to Haliburton. Haliburton no less seeking an
interview with top army contracting officer and collecting documents from several government
offices. The line of inquiry expands an earlier FBI investigation into whether Haliburton
overcharged taxpayers for fuel in Iraq and it elevates to a criminal matter. The election year
questioned whether the Bush administration so it favorises and the vice president digtainey's
former company that's the same vice president digtainey that's got that bull-dike daughter married
by the way. There we are. She's for a gay. FBI agents especially saw permission to interview
Bonnet-Bunnet-Greenhouse better known as Bunny. In fact they had that story on Wednesday I do believe
I was talking about old bunny. To interview Bonnet-Greenhouse the Army Corps of Engineer Chief
Contracting Officer who went public last weekend with allegations that her agency unfairly awarded KBR
Kellogg Brown and Baby Root in Haliburton subsidiary. No bid contracts worth billions of dollars
for working Iraq according documents obtained by the A&P. Asked about the documents Greenhouse's
attorney said yesterday their client will cooperate but that she wants whistleblower protection
from the from Pentagon retaliation in other words she would like to stay alive as opposed to
the alternative is what she's trying to say. I think the FBI interview request underscores the
seriousness of the misconduct and it also demonstrates how courageous Ms. Greenhouse was for stepping
forward says Steven Cohen one of her attorneys. The initiation of an FBI investigation by awarding
to Kellogg Brown and Root a subsidiary of Haliburton a five-year contract when even emergency rules
call for only one-year deals. Why put a five-year contingency on it if it's got to be a compelling
emergency said cone there was no reason to believe the emergency would last more than a year.
CBS News Corp. of White Andrews of Fort Greenhouse also charges that KBR negotiators
in properly stating the room while government officials discussed it. The L.A. conflict he says
would usual practice of excluding contractors and prepare cost estimates.
And when Greenhouse continued to fight the no-bid contract cone says the Army threatened her job.
FBI agents also recently began collecting documents from Army offices in Texas and elsewhere
to examine how and why Haliburton got the no-bid work. Well we own all the answer why.
What a silly question. It might just have had something to do with the connections between
its former head honcho and current vice president and the father bulldog daughter Dick Cheney along with
his anxious wife Lynn. That might just have had something to do with it. Now we want to talk about
those absentee ballots and the fact that they're re-waving again. If you had to be 10,000
men you'll never see such incompetence as you see in Florida. It's just unbelievable is what it is.
On St. Louisville. You would have thought with the crap that we went through four years ago
that every team would have been crossed, every I would have been dotted, there wouldn't have been a
chance for even a slightest bit of impropriety of missing ballots and anything. You would have thought
that air, and of course with myriad elephant having her badass kicked out of there. You would have
thought that Brenda Stubbs and Hurrah Cronies in there would have had this thing. And Teresa
look for also in Palm Beach. You see when you keep putting incompetent people in charge,
guess what happens? They keep screwing up. What a surprise.
You want to see the movie, you want to see the Roger's exclusive label on 560 TVNM.
Roger's got.
I can't find the full shot everywhere I go to Dr. Cissy. Can't you want to meet?
My bed's long, man. Every year's late. Hope the same thing you're right, drop it, bend.
I can't find the full shot. Wonder if some little boover has a forcella on it, right?
I wish I had as no one was old. Heaven help me if I get a cold. I'm drinking lots of
things. When you watch the white ants and try to see healthy, I'm taking 5,000 milligrams of
vital benefits. I bought a hundred cans of junk, each of it's soup to help me to say a lie.
At this rate of being dead in three days long, at most.
I'm dying off the earth.
All right, easy with this teasing all over the place.
I need a push and I'm so sorry.
I don't shout you to young.
What the hell, I'm 30 and old.
That's too young for a full shot.
Oh, you have to be the guy who's shot.
I haven't heard this. It's a shortage, buddy.
But I need a dead.
Yeah, a lot of people need it. They're not going to get it.
What's your name?
It's racing all over me.
But I need my full shot. Really, really bad.
I don't want. I need a no-miserati.
I think it'll happen.
I'll give you 5,000 dollars for a full shot.
I'll take your drippery nose out of here, more, more.
I'm going to die, but I'm so.
I can't find a full shot.
Holy hop and snot, I bet.
And make sure my wills are too late.
Cause I fear it is here.
It is too late.
And I might wind up in a wooden crate.
I can't find a full shot.
What do you if some little foolver has it for sale on a tray?
I wish I had as long as old
Heaven helped me if I get a cold.
I'm dying over here.
Lumb 47-13-0-0 is 560 WQM.
Here's the poll so far other than GW,
who is the most dangerous American today.
220 votes.
Dick Cheney had 104.
Nobody can touch Dick.
John Icecraft 55, Carl Rove 20,
Donald Rumsfeld 16, Michael Powell 9,
Paul Wolfowitz 7,
Tom Delay 5, Ralph Nader 4,
Rush Limbaugh 4, and Jeb,
the fat ass Florida Governor got 4.
I was definitely saying Dick Cheney
that's the Vice President and got a bold eyed daughter.
Ah, that's the one.
He's the evil doer.
Now I don't want to overdo it on the weapons,
but there is one more story I would like to read a little part of here
and I evil do it on the weapons.
Vast amounts of weapons related material are missing.
Not just the ones that we've been talking about here from
a caca.
Caca.
More than 320 tons of missing Iraqi high explosives at center stage
and US presidential election are only a fraction
of the weapons related material that's disappeared
in the Red Monitoring and Verification Commission
on the UN's weapons inspection agency.
The CIA has convened a mini task force of experts
to assess precisely what equipment is gone
and what threat it could pose that it fell into the wrong hand
said to US officials.
In a new disclosure,
the senior US military officer and another US official
also spoke on commission of not being identified
because of these sensitive to the matter
said that Iraqi working for US intelligence
alerted US troops stationed near the Al-Qaqqa weapons facility
that the installation was being looted shortly after the fall of bag
that April 9, 2003, shortly after the fall of bagged that.
But they said the troops have no apparent action to halt the pillaging
that was one of numerous times when Iraqis warmed us that ammo dumps
another place were being looted and we weren't able to respond
because we didn't have anyone to send.
Said a senior US military officer was served in Iraq.
I'm going to read that last sentence again.
Paul Bremmer says we didn't have enough troops on a ground.
The general told him 140,000 troops will never cut it.
You can't do the job and there is your present again
and a secretary of defense.
That was one of numerous times when Iraqis warned us that ammo dumps
and other places were being looted and we weren't able to respond
because we didn't have anyone to send.
Said a senior US military officer
who served in Iraq and what irony it is that Americans and others
are being killed, are being slaughtered,
and being butchered with material that we could have confiscated
or let the very least secured.
Now, adding compounding these series of gas at the last 40-odd hours
and it seems to be continuing through the weekend.
I don't see any.
It's like a little hole in the Titanic that just got getting bigger and bigger.
They've sprung a gigantic leak.
Rudy Giuliani did a really one hell of a job for John Kerry that is.
He's stunned for President Bush and New Hampshire on Thursday
but the former New York mayor wilds some residents even before getting there.
In a morning TV appearance,
Giuliani criticized Democrat John Kerry for blaming President Bush for the disappearance
of hundreds of tons of explosives in Iraq.
No matter how you try to blame it on the President,
the actual responsibility really would be for the troops that were there.
Did they search carefully enough?
Didn't they search carefully enough he said on NBC's Today Show?
That wrangled Eleanor Kellman of Henaker and Air Force veteran who sunk hurt
as an army reservist in the Middle East.
That was such a demoralizing destructive statement for Rudy Giuliani to make.
Once again, the troops' escape goes for the administration's favor,
she said, and a democratic protest before a pint of clearance by Giuliani in Bedford.
As Kellman was speaking out, Giuliani was at a GOP event in Gilford.
There he said in blaming Bush for the missing explosives,
Kerry himself was implicitly blaming the troops.
Which is exactly what Giuliani said on Today Yesterday Morning.
Giuliani said the country must continue on the offense against terrorists
and stop them before they kill more of us.
Oh, boy.
See, this one really caught him with their pantalinies down around her ankles.
You got it?
I got it.
Because they can't.
And of course, the President, they asked him 80's in the Times if he would take the blame for it.
He still won't say it.
He still beats all around the bush.
And when they're asking some of his henchmen on there who keep appearing on his talking head shows,
but it will, it will, it will, he just won't take the blame for it.
And then he started talking about Clinton did this and Clinton didn't do that.
Well, is that an answer to the question?
No.
No.
And it goes back to that sentence again in that story that I'll get to soon in time.
Purschwood said Bush told me that as a leader, you can never admit to a mistake that was one of the keys to being a leader.
Stubborn, always right, never make mistakes.
Always the buck stops any placement here.
That's his motto.
Now, giving these damn ballots.
Well, what a freaking mess.
It is just un-
You leave him before you get any of the ballots.
I beg your pardon.
I'm going to fast you something that you might not want to read because of the headline like I didn't want to,
but you should.
So I'm going to fast you.
Same one about what?
It's a editorial of written by a pro-life person that you should read it.
Okay.
The same day, postal officials publicly denied responsibility for 58,000 missing absentee ballots.
We're talking of course about
and internal email sent by the South Florida District Manager to his employees express concern
that his staff was not handling ballots within the region properly.
Oh my freaking.
Oh my god.
God.
In the memorandum said October 26th,
which parker also told his employees that staff seem unaware of the procedures that should be taken
when handling ballots.
As of today, we have supervisors and employees that state they've never been made aware of the
procedures to be used.
Parker wrote to his employees, we continue to find absentee ballots mixed in with other classes of mail.
The email stated that absentee ballots with improper postage set idle in postal facilities
instead of being returned to their sender.
Although the ballots soon began trickling into elections officials,
countless other voters continued to complain that they had not received the ballots they requested
or that they arrived weeks after requesting them.
Postal officials downplayed the email on Thursday saying Parker merely meant to stress proper
procedure.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
It was an effort to make certain that everybody's pointing the finger we didn't do it,
the dog done it.
That's the thing the dog did it?
It was a dog.
That's how it ended.
We have employees that we assigned to handling absentee ballots that come in enol or
rice, spokeswoman for the Postal Services Software District said,
so all the absentee ballots that are received by the Postal Service are processed and delivered
immediately.
This weight-browed officials, as we know, scrambled to solve the problem by rescending the ballots
to voters who hadn't received them.
They reiterated, however, that nothing on the air end was to blame.
Whatever we did was standard procedure.
Broward Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipe said Wednesday,
I'm very concerned, but I can't control the post-orifice.
Oh god.
And it's only Friday, what do you worry about?
Do you want to see them until Tuesday?
Right?
What's a few thousand votes anyway?
Exactly.
Won't be close.
So I got this thing from the earlier they sent me, which I'll give you.
Yeah, just read it through the break.
I'll read through the break.
I'm sure it must be sensational.
Let's figure that impressed.
Because you're not easily impressed.
Oh, it's surprised.
Now, speaking of Theresa LaPore, that bitch didn't understand that.
She's one of those things.
A metathrong of complaints, a throng of complaints about an absence of absentee ballads,
Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections, the anxious, obnoxious bitch Theresa LaPore,
agreed Thursday to rush them to some voters by overnight mail.
You go Theresa, far away, and don't come back.
LaPore said she would expedite absentee ballads on a case-by-case basis.
You're a case-all right for local voters who are out of the county.
Starting today, meaning today, Friday, voters can also send relatives or other representatives
to pick up absentee ballads as state law allows within four days of the election.
Absentee voting has become a crucible of the anxiety and anger surrounding the presidential election.
The biggest since the 2000 contest, but the process of voting under a political microscope
among other changes in its wake floated drop to requirement for voters to cite a reason for
voting absentee.
With both the Republican Democratic parties encouraging members to vote early,
and on-present at a number of voters have asked for absentee ballads this year.
LaPore says her office already is mailed almost 115,000 compared to about 55,000,
four years ago. How do you like that?
You just wait till UCDec turnout on Tuesday.
Combined with what they've already had, in other words, the total voter turnout?
And it's not because people are happy.
In the last week of the year, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
In the last week, the voters are still in the polls.
I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I
I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I
I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I
'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll
I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I
I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I
move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move, I'll move
And so I am. I'm sorry, we only have an hour and 56 minutes, nothing. I'm counting. And as a result I've got just too much important stuff here.
We can take one real quick one, like WKYN. Hello.
Okay, okay. But like I said, we don't have time.
Her voice is great. Perfect! Get Spain in the good day, call, please.
overwhelming numbers of Howard County Democrats have turned out to vote early in the next days
selection of what analysts say could be a bad sign for President Bush's chances to
win a state of Florida, says the Sun Central today.
Senator Curie's campaign has pressed hard to get voters to the polls early in Broward's
Democratic strongholds, knowing it must run up huge numbers here to offset Republicans
or is in northern and central Florida, as of yesterday morning, more than twice as many
Democrats as Republicans had either voted at early voting sites or returned absentee
ballots in Broward.
How do you like that?
The success of the Curie get out the vote drive is raising the stakes for local Democratic
officials to fix problems that threaten to dampen the turnout.
Well we know about those absentee ballots.
Anyway, this makes it an extremely competitive situation in the states of Mitch Caesar,
chairman of the Broward China Democratic Party, where on target for where we hopefully
would be, people are so upset and distraught by the last four years of this president,
they want to exercise their constitutional right to vote as soon as possible.
In addition to which I'm sure there were a lot of people pissed up and fired off about
the fact that Florida was stolen from us last time, right in broad daylight, even just
in Jacksonville, anybody knows, with a thousand, what was a 12 or 16,000 votes that were not
counted in Jacksonville, black voters this and franchised, and supposedly Bush won by
537 thanks to your fat ass crook governor and his girlfriend, Catherine Harris, and
now we got this glenda in a hood.
Oh brother, where do they find the, I think they must have a cloning factory, in other
places, before it begins cloning, I think there are stampedees back to its out.
Don't you?
Pre-election, validating his long-been and boldly Republican party, to counter that this
year Democratic campaign spread, it's just targeting key bases among minority, senior citizen,
Oye, and union groups.
Kerry Bush and their server gets repeatedly have come to saw a photo over the past two weeks
without early voting, and we saw Kerry was in Orlando only moments ago and he's going
all over the state today.
The Democrats, biggest successes, been getting their basic-cast ballots at the 14 early voting
centers since they opened October 18.
Although Democrats account for half of all registered voters in their county, they
compromised more than 60% of the 95,000 people who voted early.
Democrats are also outpolling Republicans in F-Sentee battling by margins of more in line
with registration, more than 29,000 registered Democrats have mailed in F-Sentee ballot so
far compared with 20,000 Republicans.
Florida Republican Party advisor Mindy Tucker Fletcher, that downplayed the numbers saying,
it was no surprise that Democrats are doing so well in early voting in Broward.
It's a Democrat County, she said.
The question is how many are legal votes?
Oh God, oh brother.
How many are legal votes?
They're we're not going to have to challenge to make sure that they won't be counted.
Jim Kane, a bipartisan local pollster and editor of the Florida voter newsletter, sees
the trend as an early indicator that Kerry is on track to get the numbers he needs out
of Broward.
In 2000 Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore carried Broward by 210,000 vote margin,
only to lose the state as we know allegedly by 537, Republicans are getting their butts
caked on getting the out the vote can say that Democrats are doing a much better job
and that doesn't vote well for Bush on election day.
As many as the quarter of the county's million registered voters were likely to cast ballots
before Tuesday based on current trends, elections officials are scrambling to deal with the
Trump.
Oh, yeah, I don't want to say it.
Maybe we ought to do the break.
I don't know, this is a long article.
I'm better be the whole thing by Russ Baker.
No, not.
Okay, she involved in this.
Just this one time.
Take the car with a kid.
This he told me that as a leader you can never admit to a mistake.
That's right.
Yeah, I don't have a lead.
In the headline in this article in 1999, on our website, you ought to read it, you ought
to make copies of it and send it to everybody you know.
Anybody who believes that this Iraq thing was based on Iraq really being a threat, on
Sodom being a threat, you're connected with Al-Qaeda.
Any of these dumbos out there who still believe they had something to do with 9-11, which
even a child knows that they didn't.
Even the little kids in that classroom in Sarasota that Bush was reading my pet go-to
know that Sodom had nothing to do with 9-11.
As you said, they're a minute after minute.
That's one of the great moments when the way that video is up on the site, not like
one commercial.
Oh, not the one where Bush is holding up the finger when saying the amp word.
Oh, no, that one's coming up to the other one, the campaign one.
What campaign one?
How to run a Republican campaign when you don't have a good record.
Oh.
Anyway, the headline in this article in 1999, candidly voice spoke of wanting to invade
Iraq if elected by Russ Baker.
So we'll do the break and I'm going to read the whole thing.
And if you don't like reading the Russia's on right now, you can listen to him pontificate
and pop a couple of pills or, or, eh, you can always hear Al Franken.
This is your opinion, little rocket.
It's course, it's course.
It's 2 a.m.
Buh-bye.
Unsupported bullshed, though that project day, then too much of rise to this costing shame.
He met the soldiers, and then they didn't get away.
And she did the blame.
He's the dog who's saying.
We're up to pay in Iraq.
We're not the ones who were tired of taking our jobs.
What's going on with this guy?
We're up to pay in Iraq.
This is public purpose, all having financial, electronic, free government, some of the point
doesn't mean that we've done plenty of problems that only just each other.
Both of the energy we, and Alabama are coming.
We've been listening to our kids to the dark.
And literally love works for students in Port-Sacheire.
In advance, the lifts of bliss must be for reason one.
They may need your truth, this Jesus Christ.
We're up to pay in Iraq.
We have a dad.
We're not the ones who are tired of taking our jobs.
What's going on with this guy?
We're up to pay in Iraq.
Boy, those, why do you hate so many big faces?
You know, it's hard work.
It's hard work.
Everybody knows it's hard work.
You got a lot of hard work.
I see on TV screens how hard it is.
Yeah, I can't.
1215 and 560 WQM Rust Baker writes in 1999, Candidate Bush spoke of wanting to invade Iraq if elected.
Houston, two years before the 9-11 attacks,
President of Canada, George W. Bush was already talking privately about the political benefits of attacking Iraq.
According to his former ghost writer, who held many conversations with the N. Texas Governor Bush,
in preparation for applying autobiography.
He was thinking about invading Iraq in 1999, said author and journalist Mickey Horskowitz.
It was on his mind.
He said to me, one of the keys to being seen as a great leader is to be seen as a commander in chief.
And he said, my father had all this political capital build up when he drove the Iraqis out of Kuwait and he wasted it.
He said, if I have a chance to invade, if I had that much capital, I'm not going to waste it.
I'm going to get everything passed that I want to get passed and I'm going to have a successful presidency.
Horskowitz said that Bush expressed frustration at a lifetime as an underachiever in the shadow of an accomplished father.
In aggressive military action, he saw the opportunity to emerge from his father's shadow.
The moment Horskowitz said came in the wake of the 9-11 attacks, suddenly he's at 91% of the polls and he'd barely crawled out of the bunker.
That President Bush and his visors had Iraq under minds long before weapons inspectors had finished their work and long before alleged Iraq he ties with terrorists became a central rationale for war has been raised elsewhere, including in a book based on recollections of former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neal.
However, Horskowitz was in a unique position to hear Bush's unguarded and unfilled reviews on Iraq, war and other matters well before he became president.
In 1999, Horskowitz struck a deal with a campaign in George W. Bush about a ghost-written autobiography which was ultimately titled, A Charge to Keep My Journey to the White House, and he invoked on a contract in which the two was split to proceeds, the publisher was William Moral.
Horskowitz was given unimpeded access to Bush in the two-metre approximately twenty times, so Bush could share his thoughts.
Horskowitz began working on the book of May in 1999 and says that within two months he had completed to submit some 10 chapters where they were remaining four to six chapters still in his computer.
Horskowitz was replaced as Bush's ghost writer after Bush's handlers concluded that the candidates used life experiences were not being cast in a sufficiently positive light.
According to Horskowitz, it was author more than thirty books, many of them jointly written autobiographies of famous Americans in politics, sports and media including that of Reagan advisor Michael Beaver.
Bush's advisors resolved on the idea that it was difficult for a president to accomplish an electoral agenda without the record-high approval numbers that accompany successful if modest wars.
The revelations on Bush's attitude to order wreck emerged recently during two-taped interviews of Horskowitz which included a discussion of a variety of matters including his continued closeness with the Bush family, indicated by his subsequent selection of an authorized biography of Bush's grandfather, written and published last year with the assistance and blessing of the Bush family.
Horskowitz also revealed the following. In 2003, Bush's father indicated to him that he disagreed with the son's invasion of Iraq.
Bush admitted that he failed to fulfill his Vietnam-era domestic National Guard service obligation, claimed that he had been excused.
Bush revealed that after he left his Texas National Guard unit in 1972 under murky circumstances, he never piloted to plane again.
That cast Dauce on the carefully choreographed moment of Bush emerging in pilot's guard from a jet on the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln in 2003 to celebrate mission accomplished in Iraq.
The image instantly telegraphed around the world and subsequently heazy what-how statements about his capacity in the cockpit created the impression that a heroic Bush had played a role in landing the craft.
Bush described his own business ventures as floundering before campaign officials insisted on recasting them in a positive light.
Throughout the interviews for this article and in subsequent conversations, Horskowitz indicated that he was conflicted over revealing information provided by a family with which he has long-time connections and by how his candor could comfort a comport with the undefined operating principles of the as told to genre.
Well, after the interviews, which he expressed confirmation that Bush's true-views experience and basic essence had alluded to the American people, Horskowitz communicated growing concerned about the consequences for himself of the publication of his remarks and said that he had been under the impression he would not be quoted by name.
However, when conversations began it was made clear to him that the material was intended for publication and attribution of tape recorder was present and visible at all times.
Several people in Horskowitz well addressed his character in the veracity of his recollections. I don't know anybody that's ever said a bad word about Mickey said very silverman, a well-known Houston executive and civic figure who worked with him on another book project.
An informal survey of Texas journalists turned up uniform confidence that Horskowitz's account is contained in this article could be considered accurate.
One noted Texas journalist who spoke with Horskowitz about the book in 1999 recalls how the author mentioned him at the time that Bush had revealed things that campaign found embarrassing and didn't want in print.
He requested anonymity because of the political climate in the state. I can't go near this, he said.
According to Horskowitz, George W. Bush's beliefs on Iraq were based in part on a notion dating back to the Reagan White House, ascribed in parts and now vice-president Dick Taney, chairman of the House Republican Policy Committee under Reagan.
Start a small war, pick a country where there's justification you can jump on, go ahead and invade.
Bush's circle of pre-election advisors had a fixed-aste and a political capital ad British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher collected from the Falklands War.
Said Horskowitz, they were just absolutely blown away, just enthralled by the scenes of the troops coming back of the both people throwing flowers at Thatcher and her getting these standing ovation's in parliament making these magnificent speeches.
Republicans, Horskowitz, said, felt that Jimmy Carter's political downfalk had been attributed largely to his spaded away to war.
He knew that the President Reagan and President Bush's father himself had, besides the narrowly-focused Gulf War I, successfully wage limited wars against tiny opponents, Grenada and Panama, and gained politically.
But there were successful small wars, then there were cragmires, and apparently George Herbert Walker Bush and his son did not see eye to eye.
I know Bush Sr. would not admit this now, but he was opposed to it. I asked him if he had talked to W. about invading Iraq, he said, no, I haven't, and I won't, but Brent Scowcroft has.
Brent would not have talked him without the old man's okaying it. Scowcroft National Security Advisor in the Elder Bush's Administration penned a highly publicized warning to George W. Bush about the perils of an invasion in Iraq.
Horskowitz's revelations are not the sole indicator of Bush's pre-election thinking on Iraq. In December 1999, some six months after his talks with Horskowitz, Bush surprised veteran political chroniclers, including the Boston Goads David Nyhan, with his blunt pronouncements about Sodom at a six-way New Hampshire primary event that got a little notice.
It was a gaff-free evening for the rookie frontrunner, till he was asked about Sodom's weapon, Stasro Nyhan. I take him out Bush, Brent Cavalierly, take out the weapons of ass destruction, I'm surprised he still there said Bush of the despot who remained in power after losing Gulf War in Bush Jr.'s father.
It remains to be seen that that offhand declaration of war was just Texas top, a sort of locker room braggadocio, or whether Bush's first big clinker.
The notion that President Bush held unrealistic or naive views about the consequences of war was further advanced recently by a Bush supporter, the evangelist Pat Robertson who revealed that Bush had told him the Iraq invasion would yield no casualties.
In addition, in recent days, high-ranking US military officials have complained that the White House did not provide them with adequate resources for the task of hand.
PERSKOWITZ considers himself a friend of the Bush family has been a guest of the family of a Cason Home in Kenna-Bunkport. In the late 1960s, PERSKOWITZ a long time he's in Chronicles Sports columnist designated President Bush's father, then Congressman George H.W. Bush, to replace him as a guest columnist, and to remain close since then. PERSKOWITZ was suspended briefly in April without pay for refusing the terror from one of his own columns about legendary UCLA basketball coach John Wooden.
In 1999, when H.W. Bush was turned in as chapters for charge to keep Bush's staff expressed his pleasure, often over H.W. Bush's use of language provided by Bush himself. In a chapter on the oil business, H.W. Bush's own words describe the Texans unprofitable business ventures, writing the companies were floundering.
I got a call from one of the campaign lawyers, he was kind of angry and he said, you've got some wrong information. I didn't bother to say when you know where it came from, the lawyer said, we don't consider that the governor struggled or fondered the oil business, we consider to make successful oilmen who started up at least two new businesses.
In the end, campaign officials decided not to go with H.W. Bush's account and moreover demanded everything back. The lawyer called me and said, do you read it, shred it, just do it.
They took it in communication director Karen Hughes, rewrote it, he said, a campaign official arrived at his home 7 a.m. on a Monday morning, took his notes in computer files.
However, H.W. Bush, who's known for his memory of anecdotes from his long history and journalism and book publishing, says he's very confident about his recollections.
According to H.W. Bush, Bush was reluctant to discuss his time in the Texas Air National Guard and inconsistently did so. Bush, he said, provided conflicting explanations about how it came to bypass a waiting list and obtained a coveted guard slot as a domestic alternative to being sent to Vietnam.
H.W. Bush also said that Bush told him after transferring from his Texas Guard unit two thirds of the way through a six-year military obligation to work on an Alabama political campaign, he didn't attend any Alabama National Guard rules at all because he was excused.
This directly contradicts his public statement, said he participated in a regulatory training with the Alabama National Guard. Bush has claimed he will fulfill his military duty, has been subject to intense scrutiny.
He's insisted in the past that he did show up from up late drills in Alabama, though commanding officers say they never saw him and no guardsmen have come forward to a steps of stance or rewards for anyone who can claim to have seen Bush on base.
H.W. said he asked Bush to be ever flew a plane again after leaving the Texas Air National Guard in 1972, which was two years prior to his contractual obligation to fly jets was due to expire.
He said Bush told him he never flew any plane military or civilian again.
That would contradict public to counsel, which Bush talks about his days in 1973 working with intercity children when he claimed to have taken some of the children up in a plane.
In 2002, three years after he had been pulled off the George W. Bush biography, first was asked by Bush's father to write a book about the current president's grandfather, Price God Bush, after getting a message that the senior Bush wanted to see him.
Former President Bush just handed it to me. We were sitting there one day, I was visiting him there in his office, he said, I wish somebody would do a book about my dad.
He said to me, I know this has been a disappointing time for you, but it's amazing how many times something good will come out of it.
I pass it out of my agent, he jumped all over it, I asked Bush's senior, would you support and give me access to the rest of the family, he said yes.
That book, Thudy Honor Country, the life of legacy of Price God Bush, was published in 2003 by Rutledge.
If anything, the book has been criticized for its overreliance on the Bush family's perspective and rosy interpretation of events.
Horsquit himself has considered the ultimate as told to author lending credibility to his account of what George W. Bush told him.
Horsquit's other books run the gamut of public figures including the memoirs of Reagan aid Michael Diver, former Texas governor and Nixon Treasury Secretary John Conley,
Newsman Dan Rather, astronaut Walter Cunningham, and baseball greats making Andaline Nolan Ryan.
After Horsquit was pulled from the Bush book project, the biographer learned that a scenario was being prepared to explain as the departure.
I got a phone call from someone in the Bush campaign, competentially saying, watch your back.
Reporters covering Bush's adablinian quiet as to why Horsquit was no longer on the project,
News animated that Horsquit had personal habits that interfered with his writing, and claim Horsquit's citizen founded.
Later the campaign put out the word that Horsquit had been removed from missing a deadline, he was subsequently finished the book herself.
And we see largely critical reviews for its self-serving quality and lack of spot and adieu in respect.
So said Horsquit's, the best material was left on the cutting room floor including Bush's true feelings.
He told me that as a leader you can never admit to a mistake Horsquit said that was one of the keys to being a leader.
They are, why were they pretty good considering how they am long away?
How do you like that?
Didn't fumble at all.
Planned on invading your rack years before he was elected.
Yeah, just do a small war, just as like Renata, Panama, clutch your muscle.
You're not going to be no soldiers kill.
Human sacrifice over 1100 Americans based on this dunderhead, okay, based on his ego trip, based on his stupidity, and of course the origins of his neocon buddies.
And his vice president, Dick Taney, the one with the bull-dike daughter who's leading our poll in the landslide.
27. Who else in South Florida would dream of offering something like this?
Nobody.
Also, Emerald Coast is serving lobster visc.
The Honest Stone Crab roasted duck and grilled.
See, Emerald Coast is no ordinary Asian buffet like so many of those others.
The service is impeccable and you walk out there, you'll waddle out full of the gills.
Six different kinds of fantastic soups.
Dozens of delicious entrees like New York strip made of order, grilled salmon, hand-carved, primed rib, their brand-new Thai specialties too.
The buffet features a huge salad bar, a full Chinese food lineup, and their brand-new suki bar.
And because you deserve it if you have room left at the end, if you're a real pig, a full dessert space in two with bells and waffles, pies, and cakes, pastries, ice cream.
With all your favorite toppings, even the fresh fruit.
The Lemistee headaches because they cooked everything with the best ingredients on earth.
No MSG, no cornstarch, no crap.
Three Emerald Coast locations for you.
They're in sunrise, sunny Osmpebra finds.
So be sure and take the whole family like this weekend.
Or book your next business luncheon right now.
Take out and delivery always available via Emerald Coast.
And they were voted number one in town by Zagat Restaurant Reviews and WSVN News.
South Florida's best Asian buffet is what they say.
Call them at 974-5723822.
954-5723822, the world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Now the studio is on.
Me or others, mornings and weekends.
And some more so round of clock to find the secret.
We're here.
Your positions at stake because John Kerry is up to your fate.
It's those questions about the National Guard that might lead your new Asian card.
It's fun to say you're not AWO-L, and you can't book your novel.
AWO-L.
What a funny thing to know that Terry can't find.
Where you were in that one earstime.
You party then you went AWO-L.
You're dead in hope to go away.
WO-L.
If you don't become a lead, where the story that's real.
You might earn that voter of real.
1233-27-1560W.
Mad Dog at Dance Beasts and Davie at 2.
You got to yell the 407.
Oh boy.
And then you got to bake 7010.
So plan a lot of activities between 4 and 10.
Republicans pressed to all voter suppression efforts with political analysts agreeing that voter turnout
is expressive minority new voters will likely determine the outcome of the election.
Civil and human rights groups are pressing the Republican National Committee to call off plans into
this where new people from casting ballots.
You see, this is what really gets me.
I mean, our black people really is stupid as they're trying to make you out to be.
Twice as many of blacks are going to vote for Bush as this time as they did last time.
When we've got it right there on the record, baby.
This is one of their main strategies is to keep you dark folks from voting at all.
Keep as many of you from voting as you can.
And you're going to reward them for what they did in 2000 trying to do again now by voting for Bush.
Anybody like to gather color calling yesterday said any black person voting for Bush would have to be a crazy person or a multi-millionaire or both.
At a press conference held in front of Republican National Headquarters in Washington, DC yesterday,
the leadership conference on civil rights, the country's largest civil and human rights coalition,
demanded that Republican National Chairman Ed Gillespie ensure that the party does nothing to suppress the vote or try to
intimidate voters, especially in minority communities.
In state after state, Republican officials and operatives are working to deny American citizens the right to vote charged LCCR executive director Wade Henderson.
We're here today to ask the RNC chairman to put a stop to these activities.
Well, the election just four days away, the poll showing a statistical tie, many veteran observers believe the outcome will depend on voter turnout.
Analyst expect to turn out on Tuesday, well, at sea 2000s by a significant margin.
According to Charlie Koch often referred to as the pollster's pollster, if turnout is less than $115 million, Bush is likely to win.
A turnout of more than $115 million will likely result in a carry victory.
According to recent surveys, eight in 10 African-American support carry among Latinos, the margins estimated somewhat greater than six in 10.
Among voters aged 18 to 29 carry also is doing well with about 60%.
On the other hand, the same groups are those historically that participated the least in major elections.
So that's going to be their challenge to get all of them exposed and froze out to vote.
Set the course in date, county. See, your people, sorry, those old exidios.
Bush, come on east, come on east, all that crap.
Jimmy Brezen's got a good con. Tiam, all of a sudden I probably should read the one that you sent me now right after that other one I just read.
It was interesting. I've never seen or heard that particular take.
Okay, it's in a Harold.
It's a article by Glenn Harold Stassen and Gary Crane.
It says, I'm Glenn and the Christian Episiston Trainings, statistical analysis. I'm consistently pro-life.
My son, David, is one witness. For my family pro-life as personal, my wife, Cock Robella, and the eighth week of her pregnancy, we decided not to terminate to love and raise our baby.
David is legally blind and severely handicapped. He's also a blessing to us in the world.
Gary Crane is an investigative journalist.
We look at the fruits of political policies more than words.
We analyze the data on abortion during the Bush presidency.
There is no single source for this information.
Federal reports only go to 2000 and many states don't report.
But we found enough data to identify trends in our findings are disturbing.
Abortion was decreasing.
When President Bush took office, the nation's abortion rates were at a 24-year low after a 17.4% decline during the 90s.
This was a steady decrease averaging 1.7% per year.
Enter abortion in 2001.
One would expect the abortion rate to continue its consistent course downward if not plunged. Instead, the opposite happened.
We found four states that opposed to three-year statistics can tuckies increased by 3.2% from 2003.
Michigan's abortion rate increased by 11.3% from 2003. Pennsylvania's increased by 1.9% from 1999 to 2002.
And Colorado rates skyrocketed 111%.
We found provisional states that reported statistics for 2001 and 2.8 states on increasing abortion rates,
14.6 point average increase, and 5 saw a decrease of only 4.3% average decrease.
Under Bush, the decade-long trend of declining abortion rates appeared to have reversed.
Given the presence of the 1990s, 52,000 more abortions occurred in the US in 2002 that would have been expected before the change in this direction.
For anyone familiar with why most women have abortions, this should be no surprise.
Two-thirds of women who have abortions cite inability to afford a child as their primary reason,
and the Bush presidency unemployment rates increased half again.
Not since Herbert Hoover had there been a net loss of jobs during a presidency until the current administration,
average real incomes decreased, and for seven years the minimum wage has been raised to match inflation with less income,
many prospective mothers threw another mouthful feed.
Half of all women who abort say they don't have a reliable mate, and men who are jobless usually don't marry.
In the 16 states there were 16,000 plus fewer marriages than the year before, and 7,800 more abortions.
As male unemployment increases, marriages fall and abortion rises.
Women worry about healthcare for themselves and their children, since 5.2 million more people have no health insurance now than before this presence.
Women of child-bearing age over-represented in those 5.2 million abortion increases.
My wife and I know is as our son, David, that doctors, nurses, hospitals, medical insurance, special schooling,
and parental employment are crucial for a special child.
David attended the Kentucky School for the Blind as well as several schools for children, cerebral palsy, and other disabilities.
It was mainstreamed in public schools as well.
We have two other sons and five grandchildren, and we know that every parent and every child needs public and family support.
What does this tell us?
Economic policy and abortion are not separate issues. They form one moral imperative.
Redrig is hollow mere tinkling brass without healthcare, health insurance, jobs, child care, and a living wage.
Pro life indeed, not merely in word, means that we need a president who does something about jobs and health insurance and support for prospective mothers.
Right, never saw that perspective before. It's a great article.
And obviously that president, Antobong, we got now.
Twenty-two one at five, sixty-two M.R. U. Racing fans out there, Pompadopark is now open three nights a week for live racing every Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and Saturday.
Live harness racing action in a great card room too.
Live racing gets underway seven, twenty-five each night, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
The book room is open from Noodle Midnight, with tournament action every live racing day.
Plus Pompadopark is open seven days a week with title casting, Pompadopark is hosting the annual
Halloween Festival for kids eights, twelve and under.
There'll be a free constant contest starting at six thirty, with four bikes given away.
They'll also have free goody bags for the first 200 kids, free mini golf, a merry go round, live music, mini horse for our rides, clowns, games and lots more.
And don't forget to mark it on your calendar, on your sleeve.
You'll only have around nine hundred and sixty hours left because before you know it, it's the first three spaghetti dinner out of the season taking place at Pompadopark, Monday, December six, right at town.
Pompadopark racing and poker, just a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for more information, call them at nine five four, nine seven two two thousand or check them on the WICU web,
Pompadopark.com. Don't forget live racing now three nights a week including tonight, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday at Pompadopark.
Pompadopark is a annual rush of music.
Pompadopark is on five sixty, and am.
Only in the Banana Republic baby, only in Miami.
I'm dying off a hit.
Absolutely.
We're about ten years too late, yet that's when things were great, when things was present then, okay, was innocent.
But we could still see friends, and we could send a bid, barely at an internet, and there was no spend yet.
Never heard about being a lot in it, was straight because I was in no flight.
We still care about my time, and not about sneak attacks, and all that breaking things, yeah you could take your pick.
Like it was sent from God no stone, no rings on the snow.
I was like no racists or looting, that granny was a cutie there with a land that's worth it.
And Julius went from my loving to close him, were smashing the fields, tried to cash him, but something that feels right to this,
19, 19, 19, 90 birds.
19, 90 birds.
You know the riot, and with me, they beat the pants up, Britney.
No.
No.
19, 1995.
25, 65, WQ, and wait till you hear this, your favorite retail outlet.
Walmart.
Close it again.
You see the story?
No.
About the new Carlin book?
No.
Walmart, the nation's largest retailers refusing the South Committee in George Carlin's best selling new book,
when will Jesus bring the pork chops in its stores, because its cover makes one of the last separate spokesman for Carlin said?
But Walmart spokeswoman Karen Berks said the book was not being stuck in Walmart's story, because the company thought it would not appeal to majority of our customers,
she added Walmart was selling the book online.
Oh this is the second time in a row they pulled a scrap.
Mm-hmm.
Interesting.
Yeah.
It wouldn't appeal to a majority of their customers, so it was if only a minority of their customers wanted to go in and buy it, that wouldn't be good enough.
I guess every book that they put in there for sale has to appeal to a majority of their customers.
Maybe they should take a poll before they put a book on the shelf.
All that cheap Chinese crap appeals to the majority of their customers.
I see, and of course the trailer trashed at chocolate Walmart.
Here's one more good reason to just say, for Walmart, okay?
Berks said 3,500 copies of the book said, and the stickily to Walmart's story has been returned to a distributor because they weren't ordered.
Carlisle and spokesman Jeff Abraham said Walmart didn't like the book cover that shows the comedian in the setting of Leonardo da Vinci's last supper,
sitting next to an empty chair where Jesus sits in the painting.
They didn't like the cover because it was a parody Abraham said adding, through her to tax everything in his book, but it doesn't have any nude photos,
he said he thought the title would offend everyone.
The spokesman for Hyperion Books would publish his Wimble Jesus Bring the Pork Chops, wasn't immediately available for comment.
Do you think they're kosher or what?
He's got them now.
One of our holios out there that's got a brain larger than his thing, obviously, sends a good fax.
He says, it's a shame that we have no clue what we're doing in Iraq, there was without saying it gets even worse.
When you think about when we drop those so-called food parcel packages from our cargo planes, are we putting a psychological block in the subconscious and be rocky people?
First let me describe a little something about those parcels.
Each parcel is just a little bit larger than a Ziploc sandwich baggie.
Each parcel is bright yellow in color, I'm guessing so the kids can see them in the desert.
Also an American flag emblem is displayed on the front of each package, but funny as part is the words printed on the packaging are of course are printed in English because we know every Iraqi reads English.
By now you're probably wondering where this is going.
He says, well it would be who the Iraqis to know that all the unexploded ordinance that come from our cluster bombs are of the same dimensions of the food parcel packages that were just described in the sentence ready for this one.
The only difference is that we don't put a flag emblem on these cluster bomb ordinances.
I think the first step to bring the people over in Iraq will be to stop tricking them and thinking they're getting food dropped to them from airplanes just days, weeks or months after we bomb the same location.
Can you imagine some poor farmer coming across what he thinks is food and all he gets is unabomba and la cabesa.
La bomba and la cabesa.
These are the types of deaths that aren't being reported in our media and ask what can be done unfortunately.
You already know the answer nothing like William Holden said in network.
What do you want me to remember this is what do you want me to do nothing or how it was your embellishment on the area nothing.
Jimmy Brezlin writes Jesus God.
I don't think I since those days since back in the day when we did those seven months of homeless.
We had a couple of calls today.
We put a couple of on it.
We're fine.
Until that last one within that proved my thinking.
I see the only problem is if you take it off Monday and Miguel is going to be there.
He hates all the reading in the story and he can just sit there and dummy up and eat some or we could have him answer the phones.
There would be good idea until the people are maybe I'm not taking the whole thing.
Yeah, let's see how often he changes his mind or how.
That's right. He might be seeing a different tune okay besides La Cucaracha on Monday.
Let's hand it to Miguel.
He voted already or is voting for Kerry.
That is scary.
Somebody is one dimensional as Miguel.
Anyway, Jimmy Brezlin in the news they says the bush problem stems from cells.
Oh yeah, you're like this.
All politics is local.
I'm sitting in a restaurant and flushing meadows on Tuesday night watching the lights of planes taking off from La Guardia.
I'm going to Cleveland to write about the election I decide.
A relation Barbara Myers had called from Cincinnati to say that there were computer telephone calls with Ed Koch saying they vote for bush because he's best for Israel.
That's wonderful.
He was elected around here because he ran on race.
The first time he ran a municipal race using capital punishment, he said you were allowed revenge.
This is this was in this work.
Now he's out campaigning for a right wing Republican.
He tried to bury this city.
Now another plane with lights glazing races into the night.
Jacksonville I say to myself.
They will settle Florida and Jacksonville.
Koch is there in person soon.
Joey Annie.
He became a national hero by living on television after the trade attack.
He didn't pick up a piece of metal.
He stayed far from fire.
He went on TV day and night.
He declared the attack site to be his personal property.
He brought big names down to see it.
Only big names.
Nobody else was allowed.
Now he campaigns for George Bush.
Koch and Julian are at ease with Bush.
There is not a non-white within a mile.
I'll write a black in Jacksonville.
And here at the microphone at this dinner in Flushing Meadows is Kathy Kenny looking to be way younger than her 53 light here.
She was raffling off what she thought was the great prize of the night.
Stem cells.
She and her fiance see more Feynman have bought the stem cells from the stem cell registry in Phoenix.
It was from a placenta a couple of given to the registry before their baby was born.
How could you not be before she asked?
Kathy Kenny's grandson aged two had just died.
The funeral was on the next day Wednesday.
The mother told Kathy that she had to go to this dinner because it was her work.
The stem cells from her dead grandson also had been saved.
Sometime in the family or somewhere the stem cells can be part of the baby's legacy, Kathy said.
She was at a dinner of the Water Caner's Children Foundation.
Caner wrote a column at the Old Long Island press and that paper was gone in the 70s.
And caner's column is gone too but he left the work that still goes on.
Some from that old paper did pretty well.
Not as much as Water Caner whose foundation is helped children for decades.
The dinner on Tuesday was at Paris on the park and a burst stem cells Kathy Kenny announced.
Anybody with a half brain knows this is the future.
She meant to one without a half brain is George Bush.
Somewhere out there on Tuesday night and in last night as he'll be on all the nights left before the selection.
George Bush was in his shirt sleeve to look like a working man and he flailed and whined and lied and lied.
They're missing 400 tons of major explosives, what 400 tons?
He's an embarrassment to the country.
He cried out against stem cells because he said they're sinful.
You're taking the life to perhaps save a life he says.
He sees armies of women having babies and then chopping them up like chickens for the stem cells.
He's opposed to embryonic stem cells which come from fetus that's been fertilized in vitro.
His wife says the stem cells couldn't save her father from Alzheimer's which means nobody should have them.
They get their views from dust wool Bible left by Umar Gantry.
50 years from now people will look back on this year in America and be amazed that the country was run by an obvious Nickwit.
When I got home on Tuesday night my cousin, Rylan Kelly, called from Palo Alto, California totally on his face and told me he had just attended a lecture by Paul Berg, a Nobel Prize winning chemist.
His lecture was on stem cell research, why I said he is part of getting this initiative on a ballot to raise money for stem cell research to replace the money that bushes with hell.
He said that they have two genes identified for breast cancer.
He thinks some director if he can knock it out. Can you think of that?
This is a man with a Nobel Prize telling you that the stem cell research can end breast cancer.
I said there was my mouth open to hear that after what all of us have been through.
You listen to him, it's absolutely idiotic to oppose this. What can you possibly be thinking?
The people in the audience had pads and pens when he said that this could be used against diabetes that were taking notes.
I guess everybody out there's got a daughter with some of diabetes. I wonder where bushes family stands.
And of course don't forget about Cheney's family because they got a daughter who may not have diabetes but she's a bull bike.
I could cure that.
I just, well maybe that's there you go and maybe that can happen too.
I'm sure it's with some great stem cells.
Right, that's correct. Some heterosexual stem cells for a merry Cheney.
Oh, all right.
How's that pool coming?
Well, I'm telling you, this is a workout today, you know what? For me anyway.
Although in George W. Bush who is the most dangerous American today, I see having come to Leeson.
You're thinking, oh man. I wonder if it tickles with that gap in her teeth.
Whistles.
511 votes on the pool so far the most dangerous beside the obvious one.
The knit with that Jimmy Greslin was just right and about.
Dick Cheney, 227.
I couldn't be the same Dick Cheney that's the vice president married to Lynn Cheney that wrote all of them dike towels in the early 80s and that they have a bull-dike daughter together.
Could it?
I don't know.
Dick Cheney, 227.
John Askcroft, 101.
The BDI'd one.
It's checking you on on our BD curtain every day.
Carl Rove, and we got the spotting right.
Nice going, Eric.
58.
Donald Rumsfeld, 40.
Michael Powell, 23.
Ralph Nader, 14.
Tom Delay, 13.
Jeff Bush, 12.
Versa Limbaugh, 11.
Paul Wolfowitz, 10.
With that lovely slick down here.
And Tom Delays has got a pair.
That's what Ann Koltler says.
How about you see them, too?
Boy.
I think I'm going to do the break because I got let's see, ones.
I forgot about that.
But if we stay down till midnight, I can never get through all of this crap.
You know what?
I'll save some from Monday.
Oh, you're going to be reading it while listening.
The election's on Tuesday, okay?
And then after that, like on Wednesday, maybe they'll allow us to play farc sounds again.
What do you think?
No.
You will sing to the new Roger.
And it looks into the air on 560.
At UAM.
Just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
You're both automatically.
I do make it like a shooter.
I got the GOP.
Then if you make it this time, don't let them.
That's just the old house.
Room is again.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug that's covered under that drop.
It's a drug of covered under that drop.
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now
Now, now, now wait a minute. Just rip out your shirt off
First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going forget about Korea and the New
Fato Sinata, the right queen is drilling it over and over into our heads that they write as some methods of master's
ruckian
3000 people killed are not forgotten let's exploit them instead
hate their oil to be counted so an after-sand time to play Kato's Sama there's no longer
Fetchin' on the name of modem but no one seemed concerned of them being complacent
believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear for leading
the American nation and us all right we is drilling it over and over into our heads that I
am not saying we're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying I have nothing to hide table partners all are saying I don't be
in cattle don't have any reservations out of provoked battle that world that my elation over soon must fall in
have a virgin its dope which no objection at all till the crackdown have the ball and the right queen is drilling it over and over into our brainwash pants
I rack has some weapons of past destruction I'm not on the hand only I rack has some weapons of past destruction
