Absolute.
Proud.
But goodbye to Risa LaVore.
We're going to move to Yuna Mor.
We can have a lucky chance.
You don't got no job no more.
So back your testkin' mosey out of the door.
Yes, open scaky horn.
You don't treat your yeast infection.
I don't think I got a mention.
We had enough religions worst by you.
Yet now it's stupid us who nyan.
Now, we're all done throwing us out.
So quick and hell on it out.
You're not welcome and fly red.
It's time.
And Patul Cannon, even Patul with the Jeans thing.
How does one less county to rape?
All of the opans.
It was just stupid bitch of buying something else to do.
Like massing bill is merely to the moon.
What was that word?
It's 10 o'clock at 5.60 WDQ.
I'm just a calm.
Okay, just relax.
All the panicking hysteria is totally unnecessary.
Do not do one thing.
Do not call 911.
I mean, you break the news deal with there are enormous numbers of morons out there.
I mean, if you have a legitimate emergency that you would call 911 for,
then by all means go ahead and do it.
But I got all kinds of other phone numbers here.
Emergency hotlines for date and brown and for evacuation routes.
There's a toll free number and we got those numbers.
But do not call 911.
Do not panic.
Do not get hysterical.
Do not watch Ike Siemens on Channel 6 because he's an old funny,
dirty fool and they ought to like Howard Beale have sent somebody in there to drag him off the set about half an hour ago
as he was reminiscing about Hurricane Andrew and how it made this sudden let's turn it to the...
Just shut up already.
Okay, there's Miss Kamal.
Don't get excited or panic.
See that?
You know what I just said?
There you go.
Oh, I'm working for his friend.
And 8 a.m. advisory of 23 to 73.5 wins of 145.
So that's come up from the five o'clock advisory.
The pressure 939.450 away from Southeast Florida.
470 away from West Palm Beach.
It is forecast to move into parts of Florida over the Friday, Saturday, time frame.
But again, this cone represents any point in this cone represents a potential target for this source system at these particular intervals.
So you cannot focus on just the center part of the cone.
We always tell you that anywhere in that cone is possible over the next couple of days.
Okay, within the hour we'll have another updated advisory and we'll give you the coordinates and all that stuff.
Yeah, we're just going to try to pass along some information here.
Did he not get everybody whipped up into a frenzy?
Not get him hysterical, right?
We got the Marlon game pregame of 1235.
I just checked the weather in New York just to be on the safe side.
Clear and it's going to be 77 in New York today.
What's up? I'm off doing out there in the hallway.
Close the door for us.
Close the door? Why do you want to do that?
There's a book on out there.
They're using the book door stop up there.
Why are they doing that?
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
There's a book on out there.
I'll just flip it around.
But back in that day, we got a lot of kudos for doing a hell of a job.
Family members staff the information center in the conference room.
They all had telephones.
Everybody's family members came in.
We had got special rooms set up with telephone numbers for people to call to get information
because a lot of people especially down in South day where they took the big hit.
Right.
Now we're in a panic.
They didn't know who to call what to do.
So I raised boards with information.
They said it's phenomenal to me.
So I didn't even care.
I'm going to pretend that here because we got Howard Stern, which is actually he's talking about legs.
All right.
So I'm coming to work this morning and I'm thinking, well, where am I going to tune in to find out the latest coordinates?
You know, a little before eight o'clock.
And W1D and Clear Channel, they don't give you news anymore.
They threaten that they're going to give you news.
And I'm not impressed by Michael.
He's got a wonderful voice.
You know, Michael for the hurricane center, all of a sudden crap.
And they never give you anything.
All they do is pretend that they're going to give you information.
They did carry the Broward press conference.
But other than that, they gave us no information.
And they had Miss McLaughlin on there and he was carrying on about, oh, well,
we've got it.
We know where the gas stations are.
We know where the, they're not telling you where it is, but they're teasing you.
See, I don't think this is the time for teasing.
No.
I could be wrong about that.
This ain't the season for teasing.
All you idiots, you morons over there.
So what it is, Scraight, how the mighty have fallen.
And I think that in a market like this and you wonder, well, where am I going to go for some information?
I'm in my car.
I am the only thing I got is the radio.
Where am I going to tune in?
Also, I'm getting on the turnpike.
I'm on the turnpike.
Getting ready to do it.
Get down here.
And I look ahead.
Luckily, luckily, being one of those people that's always like peeking around, I see right around
Griffin Road on the turnpike.
This massive, everybody stopped.
So I get off at Griffin Road, came down 441, piece of cake.
If I hadn't seen it, I'd probably still be sitting out there.
Did I hear anything about it on WIOD on our news station?
No.
You people are clear channel, man.
You may talk a good game.
You may have all the right connections in Washington, but you're a bunch of grave robbers.
You're an embarrassment to this business.
Information runs with bacon.
Yeah, as long as it is, all they're bacon is great.
Thanks again, Hawes.
I was speaking at Theresa LaPour.
In a bizarre twist, the election that caused supervisor elections to Theresa LaPour, her
job became admired yesterday in a major vote counting problem when thousands of absentee
ballots were counted twice.
That makes sense.
That makes sense.
Just to make sense, he still got a recipe.
How do you like to add?
Palm Beach County voters cast 31,138 absentee ballots, Tuesday, but when accounting was done
early yesterday morning, the total showed 37,000, and actually a 6701, and the rich still
couldn't win it.
How do you like that?
You didn't learn from Catherine Harris and the Jevster.
And by the way, the reason that the state of Florida is getting, we had Charlie couple
weeks ago, and now we're getting somewhere in Florida, Francis, almost surely.
Right.
Certainly.
Because God has pissed off at fat ass governor, Florida, Catherine Harris, for stealing
the 2000 election and all the crap that's gone down in between.
If those fakers can make claims like that, then certainly we won't help.
Can't we?
Pat Robertson's always heard him about God has pissed off at the fags and the gate A's
in the new world and he's pissed at Jen or Lann.
He's pissed at Jen.
He's pissed at the fat ass governor, that's exactly right.
I'm just telling you that right now.
If you don't believe me, that's up to you.
Anyway, here's the poll result from yesterday.
We'll get this off of there and we'll put the new one up.
And then we'll just, like I said, pass on some information.
Well, we got to take it and show it 1235.
The way it looks right now, is that anything any of us are going to be here tomorrow because
we're going to put on the audio from Channel 10 or somebody.
Our partners at Channel 10.
On this show, we like sprinting around a little bit, although I do happen to know who
has done no is.
Huh?
That was another embarrassment.
Well, you could write a book when the whole thing is over just about this week, all the
crap that's been going down pretty, pretty weak.
How do you rate George W. Bush's first term as president, we asked yesterday?
It better be his last.
Winds by a long shot out of 1734 votes.
800 of you said it better be his last.
800 votes even.
A disaster 286.
The worst ever 262 and that was the late add-on.
Outstanding 126.
That's 7.2%.
Week 81.
He's weak.
He's good.
81.
Mediocre 52.
And okay.
Okay.
46 out of 1734 votes.
This crowd ain't too much into the Bushmaster, okay?
They're not too much in that.
Okay, here are the coordinates.
Here's the deal.
And again, we'll get a new one of these in about a half hour, 3540 minutes.
And we got all the TV going here.
Thanks again to Jeff Cohen for the original TV they used to sit up there, which if we didn't
have that one, this one wouldn't be sitting there right now either, right?
And we wouldn't be able to like put stuff on there.
That one had a VCR combo and this one is not.
Well, that's because this is cheaper because they had to pay for it.
Right.
A hurricane warning remains an effect where all of the Bahamas and for the Turks and
K.C.C.
Islands, hurricane warning, well, we know what it means.
Hurricane watches an effect for the Florida East Coast from Craig Key Northwood or Flagler
beef, including Lake Okitobi.
And the idiot on the weather channel, it's not Okitobi.
You moron, it's Okitobi, jackass.
A hurricane watch means that hurricane conditions are possible within the watch area generally
within 36 hours.
And when the next advisor with the 11 a.m. comes out, it looks like they're going to change
it to it.
For at least parts of the Florida to a hurricane warning, but we can wait, right?
We don't have to like assume they're going to do this and the colon is going to go back.
We can wait.
While you people are out there racially making your preparations, putting up your shutters
in your plywood, getting all your batteries and your generators, whatever's left, driving
around wasting gas, looking for gas stations where you can get gas, which you won't.
But in the meantime, we'll just pass it along.
If you don't have to worry about getting batteries for your radio, it would be the point.
Wouldn't you mean by that?
Were they going to get any information off the radio?
No, I was, because we'll put the TV on.
Well, for us.
Starting late this evening and through the late evening, early morning hours.
That's what it's like here now.
We're just getting ready to pull out of where we've been staying to go.
I think we can say that on here anymore.
Can we?
I'm easily getting ready to pull out.
I'll go up there.
We're getting ready.
They are taking the storm very, very seriously.
And of course, as we all are keeping a close watch on the new...
Yeah, we're taking it very seriously, too.
We just want to go into a panic, depressing moment.
We don't want to sit around and cry.
There are some people out, you know, other parts of the building are sitting around crying.
Anyway, at 8 o'clock this morning, IR Huracan Francis relocated to near latitude 23.2
north, longitude 73.5 west, or about 80 miles southeast of San Salvador Island.
And then the Bahamas, about 470 miles east southeast of Palm Beach.
Now they were looking if there was a straight line between where it is now and when the eye
hit the shore, it would have been Jupiter in it.
But it doesn't move in a straight line.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It moves in a gay line.
Probably why they're saying Palm Beach.
Francis is still moving.
I'm gagging on the bacon.
It's great, but it's a little bit on the crispy side.
We're trying to talk to each other.
So I get choked up.
It's not to cut them crying.
That's another part of the building.
They're crying.
Francis is moving toward the west, northwest near 13 miles an hour.
And this motion is expected to continue for the next 24 hours.
On this track, the large core of Francis will continue to move near or over the south,
eastern Bahamas this morning, near the central Bahamas this afternoon and evening.
Starting tonight for us here in the south, it's going to start getting, we're going to
start feeling the first effect.
The outer bands, the boys and the outer bands.
Right.
And by the way, who's that kid on Channel 7?
I think they picked him up 79th and this game.
Huh?
What are the news?
No, he doesn't look for me at all.
I think, but that's because he's totally useless.
He has no idea.
He looks pretty good though.
Francis remains a category for hurricane on the San Francisco and hurricane scale.
A sustained maximum sustained winds about 145 miles an hour with higher gusts.
Fluctuations and intensity expected during the next 24 hours.
So we're going to do not call 911.
Well, Broward County this morning ordered a mandatory evacuation of all mobile homes
in barrier islands starting at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Strongly recommended that people who live east of Federal Highway also seek safe shelter.
My own personal suggestion if you live in a mobile home anywhere in South Florida within
the sound of my voice, when in doubt, get the hell out.
Huh?
Mobile homes are not designed to withstand heavy winds, torrential rains, much less hurricanes.
The next out is that they're called mobile and they become mobile.
The exact hurricane, whether you want them to or not.
The order covers about 250,000 residents and Tony Carper, Broward's Director of Emergency Management,
says the county was ready to open additional shelters if the ones already designated to
become too crowded.
Right wing sheriff, Ken Jenny also says emergency officials in all South Florida counties
are preparing to coordinate their efforts to respond to the worst hit areas and that
essential gear was being moved to safer areas.
Hurricane watches were extended today to weigh 230 miles stretch from Craig Key to Flagler Beach,
nearly a half a million people were to leave their homes by this afternoon.
Fat ass governor, Jeff Bush is already declared a state of emergency for all of Florida ward
more evacuations are possible.
So we're keeping our eye on it.
Now here's the state information line toll free number for evacuating motorists.
If you're going to get in your car and go somewhere and you want to find out which are the
best routes in which ones are open and etc.
1-800-342-3557-1800-342-3557.
Now Broward and Dave, do we have a Palm Beach number?
We have a month.
Here we do.
How do you like that?
The rumor control lines and let me say again do not call 911.
We're laughing about that but there are a lot of really stupid people out there.
Those are the ones who went to the supermarket three days ago and bought up every bottle of
water in sight and all the canned peaches because I made a joke about buying canned peaches
and heavy syrup.
See, one thing if you eat enough canned peaches that will give you wild diarrhea and it's
probably not a really good idea the way things may go in certain parts of the state and
the way they may go.
Right.
Exactly.
Anyway, the rumor control lines in the Dave County 305-468-5900.
The Metro Answer Center 305-468-5900 or 305-468-5402.
468-5402.
In Broward they have a customer service number emergency number.
If you have questions do not call 911 call 954-831-4000.
In Broward 954-831-4000.
In Monroe County, 855-504.
That's in Monroe.
955-5504.
And in Palm Beach County, 561-7126400.
712-6400 in Palm Beach County.
See now you're going to have all kinds of mavens on there telling you that it's going
to do this, it's going to do that.
The best thing that they can say is they haven't got a clue but they just don't know.
Because it's 400 and I would say what about 450 miles now?
They're about east southeast of Palm Beach.
And as a result, there are all kinds of different things that can happen between then and
whenever it hits land and wherever that's going to be.
So the idea that you're watching all these hysterical people and some are more responsible
than others, you know, just stay calm, just relax and you know, we'll bring your flowers.
Now here's today's poll question.
And have a good cry by the way while all this is going on because a lot of people here
at 2am are having a good cry in a hallway.
They get very distraught.
If somebody farts the wrong flavor in a hallway, they start crying about it.
Their eyes water up and maybe if it was fat, well I could understand that, you know,
after its performance here they may have a bad.
That was below beneath the Ocala duty.
In fact, right about it that line, duty.
The San Francisco scale I think is about.
Okay, here's a poll question.
Who's done the best job giving out hurricane information on Francis so far?
And I'm thinking about TV.
Yeah, because certainly under radio.
We're going to try to do the best we can, but all of our information is going to be
either from, you know, the internet or from TV.
Because we don't even, we don't have a newswire.
We don't even have like a stringer out there who can run it out in the street,
say, hey, is there anything bad coming?
We have nothing.
We don't have a live wire.
We're just saying we can't look out the window and say, and we don't lie about that.
We don't pretend they were like a news operation, like Iod pretends.
And of course they're living in the past.
They used to be when they had like real news people there.
As opposed to silly people wearing big, broad, rimmed hats,
talking and minsing around and pretending to be news people.
That's how I would do what?
That's how Dino.
They don't have news people.
They have Michael for the Stantorian horse.
And what if you listen long enough, maybe we'll give you some information.
They do his tease.
They never tell you anything.
They just keep telling it.
They're like Victor Borger.
Remember he used to push it.
He was going to play at piano.
And he just kept throwing more one-liners out there.
Their hands almost would touch the keys.
Not the Florida keys, but the keys of the piano.
And then just before we start playing the Miura,
oh, here comes another one-liners.
It's the same thing with IOD.
They keep teasing you that they're going to give you all this tremendous valuable information.
And they never tell you anything.
And that's because David Ross and Ronner Finkwolf and Pete Pold,
here there are a bunch of assassins.
They've destroyed this radio business.
And they should rot in hell.
So you can say that about them.
Yeah.
I just did say I would be glad to say it again.
Here's Todd and Hollywood.
It's got also got P.O.D. and fired up.
When George W. Dominated the X-Mero Santa belt,
a new CIA head.
Yeah, yeah, whatever you say.
And he writes on the bottom here something about Oki Tobi.
Yeah.
So they really had some guy on there on the Weather Channel.
Well, he's probably sitting up in a lander in New York somewhere.
What does he know about Oki Tobi?
Oki Doki.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're just Oki Doki down here.
Leave us alone.
So the Weather New York is good.
1235 have got Marlins on.
And that's a pregame show to Marlins.
At the next, the Red Hot Marlins who are now just two count them.
They're my wrong.
So two or three.
I don't know.
You're not estimated.
Because the Cubs pulled that game out last night and extra innings.
And the Cubs did not even fly here, by the way.
After the game had much of your old ass night,
they flew back to Chicago.
So people that are planning on it, Marlins Cubs
are this weekend.
I wouldn't get to.
I wouldn't go talking to Miguel asking for the tickets, you know what I mean?
Because they're going to be kind of useless.
Who has done the best job giving out weather information?
Now, tell me if I'm leaving anybody out, please.
I got the Weather Channel, Ryan Arcos, Bill Kamal, Roland Stedem.
That's what I'm channel six.
He's pretty good.
Mm-hmm.
He's all right.
Bad hair, but he's all right.
I'm not talking about what he looks like.
OK, he's not my type.
Don, no.
Don.
No.
Or they all suck.
That those are the six choices.
Now, am I leaving anybody prominent out?
I don't want to put people that are on it.
Should we put Bob Soeper?
Our good friend Bob Soeper, he was on this morning.
OK.
And I was just watching what's her name, Herrera.
I can't think of her first name now.
Jen Herrera, I think, on Channel 10.
She's a primary weather person.
She is, yes.
Jen?
Well, you're going to have to put these on here.
You're sitting there talking to me like these are going
to be honored by magic.
Oh, well, let me get to that page.
It'll only take an hour.
I see.
So anyway, we'll add a couple more.
Eric's already got the basic of this.
Now, who am I going to put on here?
I'm going to say Don, no, just because we like him.
OK, because we have that affiliation with Channel 10.
Nothing we want to horror ourselves or anything like that.
Would we?
Yeah.
Now, he's doing a good job.
And he's not hysterical.
I think Roland, instead of on 6, he's doing good.
Miss Kamala is like, I don't know.
It's like she wants to get a little bit hysterical
and trying to keep trying to bring, like the cone,
trying to bring it back.
Where it is now and where it's supposed to be.
Yeah, we know.
And then, by the way, even Keel, OK?
Miss Kamala would be a really good idea,
while a lot of people are under pressure.
We're counting on you, Bill.
OK, we're counting on you desperately.
Try to stay very calm, cool, and collected.
Those later tomorrow in the Saturday time frame.
If somebody comes in, tell you they're
going to do a breathalyzer while you're on here.
It's just obviously a joke.
It's a prank just trying to keep everybody in a light-hearted mood.
Don't take it personal.
To the west, northwest.
And whether or not it moves parallel to the coastline,
whether or not it moves up and then hooks the left,
or whether it just continues to move basically in that fashion,
we just don't know.
And some of them, see, while you're listening to this,
he's drawn lines with his hand all over his face.
He's called me a justice slightly.
The cone made it to just slightly.
And we'll just see what happens with what the Hurricane Center says
on this and what the models have said is that the track is
bending more to the left, so we'll see how the Hurricane Center uses
that information in their 11 o'clock advisory.
Hurricane watches out flag-leab each to Craig Key.
Tropical storm watches down to seven-mile bridge.
I would assume that most or at least most, maybe all of this area
would be under Hurricane Warning at 11 o'clock.
And we'll just see how much of this orange shading becomes red.
At 11 o'clock.
Meanwhile, the red shading is all through the behavior and shading.
And you're trying to be sure that you're not
going to have to be the South Eastern Bahamas.
I'm pretty sure you're not going to be the South Eastern Bahamas.
For this storm, which has already lashed the Southeast Bahamas
and now lashing the Central Bahamas.
Clouds thickening now over the northwest Bahamas,
not yet over the northern part of Andrews Island,
Grand Bahamas Island is really nice morning.
And same thing over much of South Florida,
the Atlantic Coastal water, just tiny showers coming in
on what will be an increasing east and northeast airflow.
Now, the computer models forecast the storm
to maybe make a jog more to the northwest,
but some of them want to hook it back to the left again.
And that's why anything is possible.
The notice is ice bargey,
like the people pressure, of course, they're tightening up.
Him and the Navy, the system gets closer.
Even if the center doesn't get near South Florida,
the effects of this storm are so far
reaching the tropical storm force winds at the least
will be buffeting the area tomorrow into tomorrow night
and early Saturday morning,
along with a slow-moving storm and a heavy rain potential.
So what's happening in the middle of eight to ten
and shrinks, I wonder what an east central Florida
down to Southeast Florida,
and that's conservative through Sunday morning.
Here's seven storm scams and another look at the cone
and these time elements.
Look at it, folks.
Today, the saftan in and down in the southeast,
entering the central Bahamas.
And then, okay, there's nothing new there.
There's no point.
Anyway, he's doing a good job.
I don't want to keep picking on him.
He's all right.
Mr. Orcross continues being the most hysterical
and absolutely irresponsible, as always.
For each 41 votes, they all suck 13.
Keep also in mind, it's a very imprecise science.
I feel bad for some of them.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
I mean, the good guys, there's some real schmucks.
But I feel bad for them because it's a very imprecise science
and they really don't know for sure.
And there's no way to know until it's like,
we're almost on top of us.
And now they got the added monkey under back.
Well, I don't know what's on Wilkamaul's back or Brian.
But they got something under back.
Of having had just Charlie,
they thought that it was gonna do the tampon number
and it wound up 80 miles short in South in the Pantigora.
Well, I'm sorry.
Poo-tagora is you say?
They're people.
Yes, it's Poo-tagora.
Poo-tagora.
And a lot of people over there were bent out of shape
because they said that they were given wrong information
and the weather service people let them down.
And it's a very imprecise science.
So I feel a little bit bad.
How would you like to have that responsibility?
Yeah.
Right enough.
That's why I make sure that when I'm sitting here
in this chair, if I ever say anything,
it's just my opinion.
I say that because I don't know anything.
Right.
A lot of this is my disclaimer.
I know nothing.
I mean, we've been through a lot of these over the years
and we've learned not to panic
and that very rarely do we get something that's in or like Andrew.
And I was 10 and 12 years ago.
Maybe we should ask a psychic.
You know, there are a lot of them in town.
In fact, maybe we can get civil to suit there
to be on by 11 o'clock in the studio.
Instead of that, maybe we'll just check the 11 o'clock
advisory which will be out in about 25 minutes.
I'd rather call Bo Griffin.
Because I'm thinking that it's going to like see,
I'm pleased to see that it's 23.2 north.
I mean, a 23.2 latitude.
I'm pleased to see that.
Aren't you?
Yes.
Because as you watch that eye wobble and they do wobble,
that's a big part of the problem.
As you watch it wiggle wobble,
you do see that it is moving more toward the north
and than it has been a little bit more,
a little bit more.
It's still moving west northwest,
but it makes it bounce toward the north.
And every time it makes a little bit bounce back
toward the south, then they start with these cones again.
They get all bent out of shape because like I said,
they've got enormous pressure on them
and they're covering their asses.
Believe me.
Which is why we don't see Bob's hope
or on camera anymore because if we wanted to cover Bob's ass,
it would probably take a lot.
You see what I'm saying?
Now he's a good guy.
He's a fine guy.
So, swell job.
So that's it.
We'll just pass along whatever we can.
He's the next couple of hours.
We'll take a few calls.
We'll see what the people out there are thinking.
They're getting their plywood all put up now.
Their shutters very calmly.
They are not calling 9.11.
We got all these different phone numbers here.
And that's it.
That's the best we can do, right?
It's all we can do.
Yeah, it's all we can do because we aren't pretending.
We're not like we don't have some kind of pipeline to God.
We don't have like,
we don't have a news department.
We don't even have like a news wire in this building.
It's part of the fact that our program directors
lied to me.
On numerous occasions, I would say,
Bob turn them in.
How we had this deal for a UPI wire and a PYR,
a two tin cans with a string, anything.
We have no connection.
So thank goodness that we got the TV set up there.
Or we just be sitting here peeing in our pants.
Everybody be sitting around crying
with our operations manager who cries a lot.
Oh, yeah.
If there's a cloud in the sky,
if a pigeon has diarrhea,
our operations manager cries like a baby.
Because he's a very sensitive guy.
25 past 10 at 560 WQA.
I'm a...
The U...
God!
I joined the Nazi Party.
They used to call it the GOP.
And I strongly agree with right-wing policies.
So this won't be common for me.
So I went to the Nazi Party,
convention hailed in the entire state.
For 9-11, thank the Solid and Githers, hands of shame.
And dance on the grave of leading.
Mine comes now.
The bush God trim as well.
You see, be me, anyone, if you can't thank for yourself.
The food, the food, the food, the ham, the ham.
The entertainment at the Nazi Party
was appropriately Christian and white.
There was David Duke and Clear,
channeled a fruitly green wood
until the green teeth keese.
I'm watching whole Riley now.
And then culture as well.
If you don't believe what she's the only one that you should die,
don't you hell.
Go ahead and a lot of people rotten hell.
I'll tell you that.
You know what I'm saying?
It seems to be going around.
1031 at 560 WQA.
Bad news on the job front.
All those jobs that they keep telling us have been created.
Right.
That is a great spot to carry a spot.
They're going to push in the background.
And they show the empty factory.
And then the stuck record at the end about the economy is they, whatever it is.
It's just incredible.
A number of people filing for jobless benefits jump last week.
The government reported today is the latest reading on the strength of the labor market
came in far worse than Wall Street forecast.
That seems to keep happening over and over again, doesn't it?
All the time.
I thought everybody was back at work with real good paying jobs and the economy was making a solid come back and we turned that corner.
I think we needed a compass and a road map myself.
We turned the wrong corner.
The Labor Department reported that 362,000 people filed for initial unemployment benefits in the weekend in August 28th,
up from the reading of 343,000 to previous week.
Economist surveyed by briefing.com had forecast, 340,000 filed for benefits.
Friday morning, meaning the March Labor Department released its eagerly anticipated August employment report.
And many economists and investors believe the figures will give some guidance as to whether the federal reserve will again move to raise interest rates when it meets September 21.
It's all fantasy, baby.
It's all fantasy in this gigantic recovery.
But nevertheless, don't confuse the public with the facts because we got, we got the moderate guys out there.
And then we got Rudy Giuliani.
We got the terminator who's going to terminate terrorism.
And we've got, who else did they?
John McCain with a big trot tobacco in his cheek.
Yeah, he didn't have the tumor, I think he's just got a big charm.
It's not a tool, but between his gum and cheek.
567.0560, pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and cellular wireless line.
Let's take a few calls here today between now and 1230.
What do you say?
Okay.
Do you know there's the spot?
This is changing economy.
It's a different economy.
This economy of ours is steady and strong.
The Democratic National Committee is responsible for the content of this advertisement.
Good spot.
They're shown at how many times an hour?
About 30 minutes.
Over the other market.
I'd rather see that spot than see Carri and his frisly-haired wife.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir?
Oh, I'm not talking to you.
Speaking.
Oh, the same, Neil.
Sir, I'm going to give you one shot.
I said, okay, it's me.
If you want to speak to me, go ahead.
If not, we don't have any got a million people waiting online here to talk to an important guy.
What can I do for it?
And be one of that.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I don't know.
Okay.
I have a question for you.
It's a good question.
I don't know.
Maybe she's thinking about repending in the men, her evil ways.
I have no idea.
I think he's speaking just in a generic term.
You go down.
What you usually want to say.
Get on your knees.
And pray.
56670560.
Now, let's see.
Who's winning the other channel 24?
I'm disappointed with him.
I really am.
I think that Marshall's decent to assist.
I think he just an evolved guy that hates us like poison.
He's been trying to aim it right for us ever since the beginning.
He wouldn't have had no idea where it was going worse than Brian.
Oh, he makes Brian seem like a piker.
He makes Brian seem like Miss Macho.
Weather Channel, 24.
They all suck 23.
Well, like I said, I'm not trying to stand up for them or sit down for them.
But it's a tough job.
It's true it would have been nice if NBC6 instead of putting a funny, dirty old Ike Siemens on there.
Getting everybody whipped up a bubble.
Andrew did there.
So, though, we don't want to hear your life history.
You silly old goat go away.
No, if they wanted to bring an old bloody dirty out our good friend Bob Weaver, they could have been.
They were getting the moth balls off of Bob brought him back out.
At least he's a real meteorologist.
He knows what he's talking about.
And he's been through all of these deals down here.
But all know, we've got to keep him in exile.
Well, what's happened to the media man in the last few years in this town?
I wouldn't wish him in Angus Con.
Even with Eddie Cobb driving.
God.
Aren't you embarrassed by it?
Yeah, although I don't remember when it was good.
I guess in my childhood.
But even just thinking back to Hurricane Andrew is right.
Of course, the mall.
I mean, like you said, Nathan.
Well, here in the seven news flags as you can see.
I do like it.
It is.
It is still a category for.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
New flags.
man. Steady as he goes. Good old Don. Somebody ought to tell him who that is. Roll
instead of six. Miss Narcwa six. Bill Kamala, she's only got four. What is it
about him? They don't like him. I don't know. Is it because he's had a few of
those deals or what is the deal? I think he's he's considering him and I'm not
usually a big fan of his performance on air and especially Channel 7 with
their hyperventilating approach to the world. He's doing okay. Yeah no
problems. And Jen Herrera, which is Georgia's additional there. She's
there. She's there. She's there. I mean, Bob so far on there. Oh what's wrong
with you? A good post personal fat ass friend. Bob so far he's a good guy. And a
good weather guy. He was on air. Who'd his voice this morning. But like I said
they didn't show him on camera because the Dave Gamelins has been used only
when Kelly Craig is on. Well he ate that big. I saw her yesterday. Well she
she's on the morning. Kelly. Was she again? Yeah she looks like horse and well. Was
she up for early breakfast? You look much more like Marlon Brando. A few of
breakfasts. Yeah. No. She didn't look like Marlon Brando. That's bad. That
isn't have two dinner knows. But otherwise here is the bat line WQA. I'm
hello. Hello. Hello. Yes? Yes. I need to
one of them. I'm sure. Yeah you got to run. We're all right.
So good idea. That's just like that one. Yeah. When they call you're
never at birth. Somebody gave the wrong number. I'll tell you that right now. I've
seen your Julio. Oh by the way, Ossfest is canceled. The case. Everybody
calls around. Ossfest is canceled. Everything's canceled. Hello doctor. Yes?
No. No. No. No. WQA. Hello. Yeah. I'm looking for you. Speaking. Hey,
how are you going? It's going great. In the sunshine state. I wanted to
comment on one good and one more good reason why I come here very seldom. You see
these hurricane things. I'm not too crazy about this crap. But I'm not leaving
man. I'm sticking it out. That's good. We are like.
Yeah. I had a comment for you. I'm a person that wants to vote in a democratic way.
You know, I'm leaning towards a democratic party. But I'm not sold on Jan
Kerry. What's going on with him? Well, I'll tell you what. Be sold against
George Bush. Okay. Forget just hold your nose if you don't like
John Kerry. Just get rid of Bush. If I have to convince you about that man, you need
a brain test, a search party. That's so. And Jan
first of all, we got a hurricane like a foreign and so on miles out there. There's
Miss Kamala. 145 miles per hour. And it looks as though the energy to add
to. Oh, this is a public. 429 miles. Okay. 425 430 miles away from southeast
Florida, about 450 away from Palm Beach. I'm just looking at the
coordinates here to see if there's any particular change in the forecast
track. Yeah, there is. I do see a slight shift from looking at the
points here. A slight shift, probably to the to the left.
But they're still keeping it a category for hurricane with winds of 145
miles per hour. So the difference, let me just see what direction that's
moving in. Moving west and west at 12 miles an hour. So slow down a little bit.
So it slowed down from 13 to 12. Again, west and west now at 12 miles an hour.
My heart is going to be working. Warning in effect from Florida city
to Flagler Beach. Maybe with that hand. A hurricane watching a tropical
storm warning from South Coast City. So the seven mile bridge, the pressures
really haven't changed. The winds are still 145. We're just ridding this
hot off the wire. We haven't ingested all the information. I just wanted to
get the info to you. So now officially a hurricane warning is an effect.
Okay, we'll go by these coordinates because they are different. This cone will
light the knowledge that you would already possibly has. In fact, let's go
is it on there? Let's go to seven storm scan. I think the new cone is there.
Okay, there it is. Here's the new cone from this
afternoon. Good morning. And then tomorrow evening, Friday at 8 p.m.
and then Saturday at 8 p.m. notice that bend to the left. Now that's going to be
critical as to where that crosses the coastline as to what happens here. But notice
how the cone now is shaped with that bend in it. Notice that. Now that's
significant because that is implying the possibility of a left hand turn.
Whether that left hand turn occurs off the coast, whether it occurs on the coast, whether
over the wrist and goes into the Gulf of Mexico. And of course, where it crosses the coast
has every implication to what kind of weather we'll have and how severe the weather will become
in South Florida or South Central Florida. So again, don't concentrate on this point,
but do concentrate on that bend to the left. And there it is again in the whole cone
pointing area from the seven mile bridge across Florida into the Atlantic Ocean. So anywhere
from the Gulf to the Atlantic. So now we're talking about landfall potentially overnight Friday
night into the first part of Saturday. That's if in fact the speed continues, the forward motion
continues at 12. If it slows down further, that delays that as well. So all this has to be ingested.
We'll have the new information for you. Now I'll get back to you just as you can this. We'll put
the points on the map and we'll just look at this minute by minute. Okay, great. Thanks a lot,
miss. Come on. He's doing okay. Not, you know, not spectacular. Just fine. He's doing just fine.
Now let me just take a look at those coordinates because I think they put up the ones from the
previous from the eight o'clock. No. Yes, as a matter of fact, this is this is still the eight o'clock
on here. They haven't changed it on Noah, shame on them. So that's why they're still reading that on
there. Okay. Okay. But as soon as the Noah website changes to the 11 a.m., then we'll take a look
at that. But he's widened that cone out a little bit. And like I said, there's no reason to get all
panicky and psychotic and you people in the mobile homes get out of there. That's just our suggestion.
When it's out, get the hell out. Am I right? It's absolutely. Look at the west coast. What
happened to them? And Broward has ordered mandatory evacuation of all mobile homes in
Vierer islands, starting at two o'clock this afternoon. Strongly recommends that you people
who live east of federal highway also seek safe shelter. Don't cry. Just find somebody else
staying out with, right? Right. Nobody can cry about it. And the order covers about 250,000
residents. Ken Jenny also says emergency officials in all South Florida counties have
prepared to coordinate their efforts to respond to the worst hit areas. Essential gear is being
moved to safer areas, etc. And so on. And there we go. And now we got an officially
hurricane warning, Cornemaskamal. Latitude does it turn. And that is every
implication on how severe the weather would be here. If it turned and the core came over data
Broward, that's awful. Obviously, if the left hand turn occurred upstream, it's awful for them
upstream, but better for us down here. Better than we can do that on Thursday morning.
See, see, you don't want to say that, but that's what he meant. Better than... No, you know what he's saying?
Better than us. Somebody's you, Eric. In Orlando. Oh, well. He's got plenty of meat on his
bones to keep him warm. He's probably having eight nundered couch. Oh, he won't blow away,
anyway. Line nine. I am a scared. WQAM, hello. Wow, I'm on the singular line. Yes, you're on the
new singular wireless line, aren't you impressed? I go back to the old bell south days when they
used to have that three calls. I'll say that again. Okay, I won't say that again. Hey, are you
doing a fan of this month just for much month? What is it? Month. Month. Do you understand a word
that he meant? Month. No, I'm not going to month. I liked the months in though years ago.
Months in was great. See, one thing about our crowd. Don't expect any intelligent calls here
today because no, what? Look, because we want to have a little, you know, they're going to do the
same thing today where it makes no difference if the world is coming to an end in about a half an
hour. They still, because this is what their capacity is. They're part, until the lights go out.
And that's what we're here for. That's right. No sense in crying about it. Come on, let's have a good
try. Let's get all choked up in Tariye. What do you say? WQAM, hello. QAM.
Oh, WQAM, hello. All dogs welcome at the mission. WQAM, hello.
I'm sorry, is there a sorrow? Was that who I think it was? Sounded like it. Sounded like
your buddy Ron. Haven't visited his place yet to make it that it's him, but I will. WQAM, hello.
Yes. How you doing? I'm doing good. How are you doing, sir? Good. I want to know if there's any
update to the hurricane, the QAM, I guess you guys know anything when it's coming out. We'll put
it on the second that we get it, but it's not looking too promising right now. It looks like it's
going to be, I think September 12th, and they say, I don't want to say that because it's off the top
of my head, but it's here. Don't look like it's going to go on a schedule. But, I mean, that's
another reason I get hurt. That's that next weekend also. I think you're part. You're the second
person that said it's possible next weekend. Right. That is correct. That's that's what I heard,
but again, we'll, we can speculate, but that's, that's the big rumor, but we'll let you know as soon
as they decide. Thank you. Okay. A lot of people concerned about that. That's a big game,
baby. Games, races, all kinds of stuff, ball games, but of course, we're busy trying as the BG would say,
stay alive, right? Stay in alive as our main goal at this point. I think there's a reason to get
all like psychotic or been out of shape. Yeah. Kid Scurvy came in this morning. He said, the
us old farce we've been through these a few times. And we see the grotesque and hysterical way that
some of the papial, that's another reason that I exceedment's not a no better, but again, he's
incompetent. Somebody expect he's a, no, he's a ridiculous person. He's a silly old funny that he's
like the any pope of television in South Florida. He's a state of mind. He's been around way too
long, even 30, 40 years ago. He was still ever any good then back when he was with NBC before they
demoted him and shipped him off down here, like they always do to people they don't want anymore,
like Michelle Gillen, people like that, that they're nowhere so really embarrassed by them. They just
want to ship off and unload somewhere. But anyway, you people at Channel 6 ought to keep old,
funny, daddy. I've seen in off the air as much as possible. Once everything is clear and the
smoke clears and the dust and all of this stuff, then put it back on for a little comic relief.
We could use a few laughs, right? Right. But in the meantime, we don't need to hear him reminiscing
about where he was and what he was doing and how he lives down the street from Bob Mayor. And by
the way, Bob, we like you a lot too, but my God, what happened to you? WQAM, hello?
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to let everybody know that my shelter will be open.
Okay, great. WQAM, hello?
Lies of the jealous for him. Hurricane on team. WQAM, hello?
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hurricane hotline.
5.670, 5.6D.
Pound 5.6D on that Verizon wireless and singular wireless line.
Hell. And so there's obviously not the same amount of privacy as you.
No, it's a thing we want to do. You have Miami Beach this morning.
There we go. It doesn't look like a hurricane is on the way, but you can be just deceiving.
Florida could be feeling the effects of Francis by later tonight or tomorrow. We'll have the latest
for you coming up. Now, there are teas, okay? First watch these spots and then we'll have
the latest for you. Okay? The end of the world is coming. But first, after these messages,
don't want to die. Watch these commercials. There you go.
Lifting with IOD, man, they really pissed me off. And people, probably some people say,
well, that's cause, you know, the competition only said, I wouldn't care who owns them. I was
listening to them, hoping to hear something, hoping to get informed. Everybody can hear the
difference. People that remember him. And humiliating. It's degrading. Nobody cares about
stick and style and teasing. And you know, the public wants to get some freaking information right
now. And all you people want to do is give a dog and pony show and show us what about your hot
chat. So what are what a great voice, Mike Wolf is that because he's married to the boss.
We added up like 50 people that were in there in that place because during and after the hurricane
with volunteers. And now what we got is your sit in there. And I'm sitting here. There we are.
Well, my ghost watching us. And I come in this morning and I says to the operations manager
in between his monitoring of the being the dump button jockey on there, the dump button ferry
on a Howard Stern show, I said, well, what do we got planned? No, no, wait a minute. You don't
even know what he said. No, no, I just thought the funny question. And I head on the weather channel
and they were talking of course about Francis. He said, oh, you mean about that? I should have
said, no, about the hurricane game. You silly goose. That's what I should have said about the dolphins,
man. Right. The important things. Right. How are David and Joe? Absolutely. The important
crap. Not about silly stuff like a hurricane. Think of that. Yes. How's Hank doing? He ain't
going to be back today. I see. The excuse now being. And of course, now the hurricane will be
used to excuse for more of a Greg hiding from this one and hiding from that one. And all kinds of
other postponing and delaying. You know, they always find a convenient excuse for his behavior,
which is unacceptable. But the reason now being is that he's still suspended number one. And
number two, he was going to come back, but they figured we got to stint clean up weather. So since
he's having a good time in Vegas and he's suspended anyway, just stay there and come back next week.
There's no big hurry. Okay. So we still can't get an answer about that about the the Humper.
Hey, stuff. How do you like that? Stay tuned. Yeah, stay tuned for more. In fact, tune into IOD.
Maybe they'll have it on there. They're teasing it right now. Mike Wolfen, his centaurian
tones. And John McLaughlin, she's teasing it. That's an embarrassment that I might put a call to
station. Even even what's that gas station where they sell a real cheap gas? Well, there's so many of them.
Yeah, huh? Do you know the one that works on Civic? Like Citco. Yeah, that's cheap. Even that's a better station.
Nobody QAM. Hello. Hey, I am. I'm sorry. Information on the Humper.
So yeah, you have inside information. I'll write on your rectum. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60. You see the two of
them. They need to get blown away by this. They were kind of nothing else happens. Maybe Reverend Jones
and his boyfriend can get blown away. Nobody QAM. Hello. Is that want to speak to Neil? Speaking.
Hey, Neil, I wanted to for you to comment on the Republican Convention yesterday. I don't
want to be a Republican Convention. I haven't watched one second of it. Well, I just want to let you know
that they had this Democrat up there. This keynote. He's on Miller. He's not a Democrat. He's another one
of those Dixie Crats. He looked like he had been brainwashed for weeks and weeks on end. He
looked like a man that was possessed by the zebel. Right. He was in deliverance. He was one of those
guys up in the awards in Aintree. Yeah. In fact, Ned Betty. And Ned Betty, I know him real well. You know,
Ned Betty. He knows him. He's still got those footprints or whatever those tracks are. 56670560. What
was that? One one venture. Oh, town 560 on a Verizon wireless and singular wireless line.
Gonna get a lot of really important calls on between now and 1230. I'll give you those phone numbers.
Again, let me say one more time. Do not call 911 for your questions about Hurricane Francis. Okay. Do
not call that number. Evidently, they were like dead. You did. They were like begging people. Don't
do it. You're crazy people. Of course, we knew that. Just wasn't in these callers. Too bad we don't
have the weather channel people in here to hear the calls from the public. WQAM. Hello.
Yeah, sir. Hey, forget about the gasoline. I'm just driving on 441. You want to see this propane
store propane, you let's say. Yeah. Yeah. It's again. Yeah, they got the right hand side of 441 block
off with all these losers getting out to get gas for their girls. I'll be damned. Yeah,
there you go. Well, if we can't do anything else, we can have a weenie roast this weekend, right? Yeah.
Yeah, let's have a barbecue. And don't forget to bring the crap in off of your patios too. All
your losers out there, all your hot shots with your patio furniture. Right? Right. Anybody out there
that's still got a big satellite dish, which I can't imagine. How many of those are left in town?
Your satellite got to take that baby down to our
as long as it would have died. To the east southeast of Miami, Florida. Still again,
range of one hot 23.4 North. See it moved to cover two tens of a point more in this last
advisory. And this system is still taking that just north of West track. It's moving toward the
West Northwest at 13 miles an hour. We take a look at the satellite imagery. You can see the names
of all the behind me and islands here just to give you some idea of keeping impacted right now.
The center circulation located right near Long Island, as you can see, just to the south east of
there. And it is continuing to move on that west northwestern path. So even though the winds are
fairly calm around NASA, Bill was just checking on the observation there. It's partly cloudy.
It's beautiful right now in NASA. But we do think the conditions there will be deteriorating
rather rapidly as we go into the evening hours. Take a look at the eye wall. You can see a lot of
purple on this infrared satellite imagery. These are very high cloud tops. Lots of thunderstorms,
here's the 11 o'clock somebody faeted and thank you. As of 11 o'clock this morning,
Hurricane Warning has been issued for the east coast of Florida from Florida City northward to
Flagler Beach, including Lake Oakwood Chowby. That's how you pronounce it, schmuck. At 11 o'clock,
a tropical storm warning in a hurricane watching effect for the middle and upper Florida keys from
South of Florida City to the seven mile bridge, including Florida Bay. A hurricane warning remains
an effect for all of the Bahamas. At 11 o'clock, the hurricane warning for the Turks and
K-coast islands has been discontinued. Hurricane warning, we know what it means. The eye of the
hurricane, Francis, was located near latitude 23.4 north, longitude 73.9 west or about 55 miles,
southeast of San Salvador, and still about 450 miles east southeast of now they're saying the
lower Florida east coast. They're not saying Palm Beach anymore, the lower Florida east coast.
Now we don't want to draw any significance to that. Oh my god. But,
Francis is moving toward the west, northwest near 13 miles an hour. This general motion with a
turn to the northwest and decrease in forward speed is expected over the next 24 hours. On this track,
the core of hurricane Francis will be moving near or over the central Bahamas this afternoon
the evening. Francis remains a dangerous category for hurricane on the San Francisco scale with
a maximum sustained winds near 145 miles an hour with higher gusts. Hurricane Force Windsor
stand outward up to 80 miles from the center and tropical storm force winds extend outward
up to 185 miles. This is a big big mother storm surge flooding up to 6 to 14 feet above normal
latides is possible. Here's one that says from chronic criss, I hope that WQM bags the marlins,
allows you enjoy it. Oh yeah, we're bagging the marlins. Are you crazy? As you're the only local
radio that's not full of Schmidt PSI, Mr. Bob, we were thanks for the sanity says Chris.
Yeah, we're going to bag the marlin games. Oh, I don't think so. Double bagging maybe. In addition to
which we got to get out of here, don't we have, I mean this guy wants to make me cry. I hear the
friend and family in the home and all these things to worry about. I don't know what I'm going to do.
You know what I mean? What do you mean? I don't know. Just making fun of silly people around this
place. But I'm so glad I'm almost never here. You know what? I mean the hurricane thing I've
been through this before, I'm hoping we don't get it of course. But I just, I get so tired of the
rhodochromatic repetition about this place. It's like it's like a nightmare, we current nightmare.
They just keep happening over and over and over again. Nothing ever changes here. It's just
different components of the same nightmare. Yeah, like which ones are you going to dream about
tonight? You know? It's like that dream I had a couple of weeks ago about how I called my
mother's house to see if the phone had been disconnected yet and she answered the phone.
That's a true story. That's a true story. I call there and she answered.
Anyway, here's the facts. Where the hell is Bob Weber and Dr. Neil Frank? I grew up with both of
them on TV during all of her arcades. They've zooted calm during the storms. Unlike Ryan R. Class,
he says Ryan is screamers, what he says. Well, we know that. It says, oh, what I would give to
have that crew out one more time says the corporate time-stealing weasel. Well, you're absolutely
correct, sir. Absolutely correct. Sure. We sure can use some voices of reason and sanity as
opposed to some of the nervous nellies that we got on there right now. We need a lot more nervous
nellies. Yeah, good. And a lot fewer nervous nellies, you know what I mean? Of course,
we got a few nellies around this place. You are listening to Neil Rogers,
who was in the
Mr. Reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at
4.30 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances,
turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends
that you mail early in the day, and for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street
parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m.
Mark it down. I approve of New York. It's devilic, devilic coverage of the Republican
 Commission and its 2006 radio with intentional
said in me, old girl, would you believe in me, my Democrat?
Like you're hearing,
flying,
salty, safe,
anger,
flying,
remote control toy
airplanes
into
a scale model
of the twin towers.
Ah,
it was slightly
and celebrant, you know, an acid.
Ah,
that sound you just heard was
Dan Wather getting punched in the stomach.
Ah,
we have a rare
public repair
by Carl Rawls,
Twainley and Zyloffle,
using the
skeletal remains
of 9-11 victims.
Here is, ah,
Ann Kolder,
with her strip-tweet dance
to close this segment
of the convention.
Ah,
see, ah,
seems to be
tossing her
ace days and
fan days
to the
local press.
Ah,
ah,
ah,
I won't come back
while I'm happy, ah,
to direct today to some discussion, this, okay, maybe
we shouldn't be going to some of these major programs
we're saying is
a high to the north of weekend,
and allow the storm
to go north,
but they've all leaned over to the left now,
unfortunately,
meaning a Florida landfill,
not that there would be a fortune
if they had
anywhere, of course,
but of course, there's a little new
requirements in the track,
and that's encouraged them now to, ah,
go ahead and put up the hurricane warning for the
whole coast, ah,
the lower two turns of the coast of Florida.
You see, ah,
as we're talking about,
all the way from
Flagler Beach,
Flagler Beach is way up here,
there's the A-Tone Beach right there,
so just north of the A-Tone Beach,
all the way down the Florida City,
and of course Florida City,
just south of Miami,
for the hurricane warning.
Now, in just a moment,
I'm going to give you an idea of how big the storm is,
and how far out.
How big is it, Brian?
Then, so, you'll, ah,
you'll understand, you'll why the hurricane warning is
necessary for that whole coast,
not just how long for the size,
but also because if the storm comes at an angle like this,
then the slightest little difference in angle,
slightest little,
means a big difference in where it hits the coast.
Now, just as we saw in Hurricane Charlie,
these storms that come obliquely to the coast
are the most difficult to deal with in terms of pin-pointing
exactly where they'll come ashore,
and the fact is that the storm is off here,
and it's just pounding the coast,
it's going to pound the coast for a long, long,
it's going to pound the coast.
The evacuation's ordered.
What do you want me to buy him?
The coast.
She's just out of control.
Hang on.
Don't just take my word for that,
because there are details of those evacuation orders,
and we'll give them to you as we go.
Now, the hurricane warning,
of course, continues in effect for the Bahamas,
as they hurricane that.
Yeah, well, we don't, we don't,
but, yeah, with all the respect to you folks in the Bahamas,
too bad.
Anyways, I should have probably read the last part of that,
other 11 o'clock update on the advisory.
Storm surge flooding of 6 to 14 feet above normal tide levels,
along with large and dangerous battering waves
to be expected near the IA, for instance,
on the west side of a Luther Island,
and on the north side of Grand Bahama Island,
storm surge flooding of 4 to 6 feet above normal tide levels
can be expected on a west side of the other islands of the Bahamas.
Rainfall amounts of 5 to 10 inches locally
as high as 20 inches are possible in association with Francis.
A lot of rain, a lot of wind,
but we don't know where the big blow is going to come in, right?
Right.
But they're narrowing it,
and it's looking more and more like,
we got a shot as somebody we know.
You're saying, yeah, too bad for those other bastards,
but yeah, that's right.
That's their problem.
Well, they won't get all that publicity like we will.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8,
pound, 5, 6, 10,
even rising wireless and cellular wireless line.
I give you those phone numbers again.
If you're going to like evacuate,
and do not, I can't say it enough because we're still in shock
that there are people so stupid as to be calling 911
with hurricane questions.
Well, that's what they call everything questions, but you know that.
State information line for evacuating motorists
to want to find the best routes to get the hell out from wherever you are
to wherever you want to go.
1-800-342-3557.
1-800-342-3557.
Broward has got that information hotline 954-831-4000.
954-831-4000.
Dade County 305-468-5900.
305-468-5900.
These are the rumor control lines information that you're looking for.
You just are psychotic and need to calm down.
Monroe County 1-800-955-5504.
1-800-955-5504.
And Palm Beach County 5161-7126-400.
5161-7126-400.
Natural, of course, events unrelated to any forces,
really external forces, so you know it may be 145 would be the peak.
Maybe 130 or 135 will be the dip on average
because you just can't forecast these things.
The hurricane center turns to keep it about the same strength
and lesser indications and more indications that went up a little bit earlier today.
The forward speed continues to decrease.
The hurricane center models, the computer programs,
have been forecasting this decrease in forward speed.
So that gives us an indication that maybe the models are understanding the weather pattern,
that now the model is focusing on a Florida landfall.
So unfortunately, it looks like they are on track for that.
The specific spot in Florida is still a little open to question.
Again, we...
That happened to me yesterday at about 4.35 o'clock.
You got like all of us choked up to the point he couldn't even speak in.
You said that?
Well, he's obviously very horrid song.
He's a gagging lot.
I wonder what that's all about.
5.670560-560 on the GND and Verizon.
What is that? What is that?
Who's done the best job giving info on hurricane Francis?
That's our poll question, neo-rogers.com.
We're not going to get a spectacular response on the website today.
That's fine.
You got to figure out fish to fry.
We do understand that.
At least if you got a brain you do.
169 votes.
They all suck 54 from our usual positive enthusiasm audience out there.
They all suck.
Weather channel 38.
Don, no.
What does Don?
No.
He's doing well.
He's got the 29.
Roland Stedem.
Like I said, Don, no 31.
Roland Stedem 17.
Brian Orcross 17.
Tonight.
Wilkins.
No, I'm busy.
Bill Cammald 10.
Bob Soeper 4.
And Jen Herrera has got a pair.
Which is probably why she's on the ear.
Right.
What do you think?
It's why I'd hire.
I gave you kind of a scare.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Dale.
This is Hill Cullen.
Just want to let you know that this is like for cat 4 storm.
This is like an average size storm.
I was watching the weather channel a couple days ago.
What do you mean, average size?
It's huge.
It's now its average size.
Remember when George went through?
George, the tropical storm wind,
set out all the way out to 200 miles.
This one's only 185.
Yeah.
Charlie only went out 150 miles.
Charlie was a third of the size of this.
Right.
It was a small storm.
Right.
This is an average size cat storm,
according to Max, what's his name from the weather?
What does that mean?
So what does that prove?
Well, all it does is that it's not some super storm like Andrew
that's going to come in and not everything down and kill everybody.
Well, I hear the breaking news here, but they showed before about a couple of hours ago.
This storm is bigger than Andrew.
Geographically, it's larger.
Right, but the thing is that the storm winds do not track out as far.
In fact, Hugo tracked out 225 miles.
It's only track out 185.
And it's less in the hurricane force when the eye only go out 80 miles.
Whoever gets the direct hitch from this is going to get the...
It's going to be 145 mile an hour winds,
just being 5m16 to 165 at the eye.
But the ended area is not going to be that bad.
That's pretty much what we're going to be.
Well, we're going to get barring some kind of left turn.
We're going to get the left side of it, the south and left and west side of it.
The Burmute of Huy though, we can...
It's going to go further north, especially if the Gulf Stream catches it.
So hopefully it'll go further north.
Okay, thanks Bill.
Bill's the expert there, okay?
The Burmute. He said somebody in Burmute is high.
See, they're staying right now because they showed that other high pressure system that came in.
Right.
And then the jet stream and somebody, they got all the different things going in the direction.
And then the bottom line is they still don't know.
I mean, when...
See, this goes to show you again whether forecasting is so imprecise,
which is why some days a forecast, all depending on where you are,
that it's going to be sunny in 65,
and it turns out to be like raining like hell in 46.
We've all had those days, no matter where to head. Right? Where you live?
Right.
Imprecise at the...
That's partly cloudy.
Chance the showers.
Right. I don't know.
A mix of sun and clouds.
Oh, that's great.
Every day since I've been back here, every day they keep talking about all the risk of thunderstorms.
It rained by me for about like three minutes yesterday, like a bad hell of a rain.
Yeah, well there was a risk.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they just don't know. But anyway.
So, usually we use this 60 mile an hour wind line here to indicate where trees fail and power lines fail.
And all sorts of...
Weatherman fail.
You know, not catastrophic damage, but just damage happens in the 60 mile an hour wind line.
And look at this.
This goes from Miami. Draw that line there.
Now draw it here. And you see that's the Orlando or North of Orlando.
So this 60 mile an hour wind area could affect the entire southern half of the peninsula Florida.
Again, depending on where it comes in.
And the reason the hurricane watch is issued for the middle and upper key.
You have to be honest with me. If you watch this long enough and you listen long enough,
you just want to pee in your pants, you know.
It's just because they don't know.
And I realize that just like us, you know, we're filling some time here, trying to pass along a little bit of useful information.
But they just don't know. And they haven't known all along.
And then they keep like, well, it's a little bit...
But if on the next advisory at two o'clock, it should like take a little bit turn a little bit back more up to the North.
Then that ice cream cone is going to widen back up to the North again.
And they're going to say, well, I'm about to beat, but I will...
See what I'm saying?
That's what they're going to say.
I'm about to beat, but I'm about to beat them.
Yeah. And yada yada.
Yada yada yada yada yada. I'm hearing a lot of that.
Especially on Channel 7.
Twelve minutes passed 11 at 5.60.
W. Cremendorf, we got the Marlon pregame show.
12.35. You're Red Heart Marlins.
They're closing in, baby, on that wild card.
They're at the hapless Metz game time.
One-tenth this afternoon. We'll have it for you.
After the game, look who we got.
Absolutely.
Again, filling in for the suspended and suspended and the vacationing head Goldberg,
who's on permanent vacation.
Right now, Armstrong, Fort of Homestead wants to clear their lots,
and sell off all remaining 0-4s.
Here are just some of the great deals waiting for you.
And 0-4 F-150 pick up just a dollar over in-voice.
New 0-4 Explorer is just a dollar over in-voice.
Rangers, Crown Decks, Toruses, and Focuses.
All waiting for you is just a dollar over in-voice.
Only at Armstrong, Fort of Homestead.
Plus, Armstrong offers more value to its other customers, too.
When you buy your Fort from Armstrong, Fort,
you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for a life program.
That's right. Tires and batteries for life.
The value you get at Armstrong, Fort, doesn't stop there either.
Right now, you get a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
Press for time. Armstrong, Fort, knows you times valuable.
So just give McCall and do it right over the phone.
Call 305-247-5112 and shop by phone.
They'll even deliver your new vehicle right to you,
which your home, that your work, wherever.
Armstrong, Fort of Homestead, they're locally owned and operated.
They treat you like family.
It's a pleasure to do a business with them.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town.
No bait and switch, no full need deals.
Armstrong, Fort of Homestead, you'll find them at 307-25 South Dixie Highway.
Just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check out the web, armastroncars.com,
or hop in your car, drive a little and save a ton on that new Ford only at Armstrong,
Ford of Homestead.
We'll ride you to the morning,
and we'll fly to the beach.
We'll fly to the beach.
We'll fly to the beach.
What's going on, Folly?
Like I said, Hammerbeast at Wednesday,
we just have a wish one, which one?
We're here.
Cheese, why are we so early in now?
I'm stupid.
Looks like this bike is a rose guy.
Now struck the body roll ball.
Far from Bush and Folly Bells,
and I stole the rice not down.
It happened when she realized
she raised more women of clouds.
Far from Bush and Folly Bells, and I...
That she just beat,
old and cracked me,
and she raised more boys than that,
and she kicked a trail she'd,
and she stopped bringing to my name.
What was that day, what's so important?
What's like she's carrying a bullet hole
between her thighs and eyes,
but he fell to nine.
She doesn't mean to score up.
And if she's always surprised,
she's way more than she's taught.
Fluffer and boys have got a Bell tonight.
Here.
Three days before,
and chess boys,
not just that,
she's the old,
wild and white,
he'll be reaching back,
and smells just fine,
and smells just fine.
It smells just fine.
It smells just fine.
A lot of boys remember,
so it was not even on a fair day with Folly Bells tonight.
Live at 18 at 56,
UWDQM Marlin Pre-Gaming 1235 Marlins
at the Metz.
If it's a school,
if it's a sporting event,
if it's a game,
if it's a...
If it's an event,
If it's an event.
If it's an event.
If it's a thing.
Right.
I think the answer you're looking for, is it going to happen?
No.
No.
I mean rather than go down his whole list of well, the Catholic schools are good.
I agree with you.
In the public schools are closed.
And the middle school is closed.
They're closed.
It's closed.
Whatever it is.
Right.
Can you show a null up and a P you?
Anyway.
So the Harold's got a pretty good thing here, which is really unusual for them because their
website blows.
Paid 16 A in a Harold today, 16 A and Hurricane checklist.
And I will give them kudos for having a piece of information on here.
Also, what says here, I watch out for snakes, which we always do that here at QAM.
Anyway.
Yeah.
This is a matter of routine.
But here's, it says, because I see this is one of the problems when you get this.
If you listen to enough information, you would less information than you had in the first
place because they confuse you.
And they tell you a lot of crap.
They're on there the other day and I say they, I don't know which one because they're watching.
Way too much of this.
I'm sorry I did.
Make sure you have at least two gallons a day per person.
Well, guess what?
You know how much that is?
Yeah.
That's a lot.
Here in the Harold, it says about stirring water.
Stir at least a two-week supply for each family member.
That means at least one gallon per day per person.
That's a reasonable amount.
Two gallons a day per person would be like sucking up the whole bathtub when you come right down
away.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Maybe if you're in the roofing industry or smear at the water.
And last time I checked, all the water is still on.
We don't have any storms going on.
We don't have any thunder-clap.
No one, we have nothing going on yet.
So if you want to go to your neighborhood supermarket or your convenience store and
slap home, millions and millions of bottles and if they're assuming that they're left
which they're probably not, you can go ahead and do that.
Or they have this amazing thing it's called the tap.
Now, I don't like the tap water here and I said a matter of rule.
I don't drink it.
But during the course of whatever is going to happen here, you're not going to drink enough.
I mean, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out that you're not going to drink it
up that it's going to be detrimental to your health or survival.
You see what I'm saying?
At least the water is not bad for you.
It just tastes bad sometimes.
Well, we could debate that.
But at any rate, now I don't agree with that.
But you're not going to drink enough that it's going to kill you.
Right.
If you don't drink any, then it will kill you.
And if you drink some, there's a chance you might still be alive by maybe a week from
soccer.
So this idea that you need to stir up all of this stuff that you don't need to do.
I mean, do the things that are intelligent, which I realize are only a small port of the
software audience can relate to that intelligent.
You know, your flashlight and your transistor, your battery operated radio and your generator,
if you want, you got the box and you can fly away somewhere.
That would be nice.
Your vibrator.
Your candles.
Always nice to have the vibrator there when you get to fly away.
Like the candles.
Sure.
Right.
And of course, if you don't have the vibrator just to candle sometime.
Anyway, that's a little bit of advice.
Scented candle.
Well, people are going to have a lot of time, okay?
And if your electric, if you should be lucky and your power doesn't go out, have a few or go out and buy a few
BVDs and DVDs now.
And watch the DVD and your BVDs.
Right?
Well, you can.
There you go.
As opposed to everybody giving all psychotic and bad auto-shape and they're going crazy, which is exactly what some of these
Grave robbers would like you to do.
They want you to just lose it.
Now here is the fact that says, and it's interesting what this says because I noticed that driving home on Tuesday listening to the mad dog,
it sounded to me like there were some glitches.
Of course, I signal it so muddy anyway.
You really can't tell when something bad happens.
Because when it's like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I think it's pretty much a talk station.
A little bit of news.
What's something that's news and talk?
Now, the I&Z went to our effects, and now it's, oh, and which reminds me, yesterday I had my first, I had a radio accident which I'll never repeat.
I'm going to tell you.
I thought you were exagerant.
No, no.
See, I went into the North Cross after I played that bit I was going to talk about it then.
I heard the Al Franken show for the first time.
And between him and that whining brought on there.
It gives new meaning to the term whining and dining.
If you're reading lunch during that show, boy, you do the dining and they'll do the wine.
So your impersonation's bad because you're actually articulating not having a party.
Ah, and on.
You're talking about that.
I think today horrendous imitation of Alan Keese, you know, talking about Mary Cainy being a selfish, he'd nist and all because she's a dike.
And he was screaming, just screaming.
And they're doing like a fake comedy routine.
No, speaking of comedy, because you listen long enough to hear what they call comedy bits.
They play them again.
Oh, God.
Oh, God is right.
That is and believe you me, this covers a lot of territory from the chic to dicky for real.
I mean, this was the worst radio I have ever heard in my life.
Maybe that's why they called scare America.
It really, really hard to take.
It was pathetic.
So if you think that that crap is going to convince anybody to vote for anybody, much less keeping listening longer than 30 seconds, you people are dreaming.
But third man.
Man, was it bad?
Okay, let's get a bunch of calls on it.
We only got about an hour to go.
We got some very big fish to fry here today.
Speaking of fish, yes.
I never did call ponytail.
Oh, he's not coming here with food.
Is he because we had that bacon from a house.
I think he's probably busy putting up shutters over there at the pizza loft if he's smart.
That was a jones and from a snapper.
So in other words, you still want more food?
Is that what you're trying to say?
Yeah, I'm not here, man.
It's good to be here in the house.
It's just non-stop food.
More and more food and eaten and eaten and eaten.
That's it.
Yeah.
That's all there is here, man.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil, I hear a lot of sports guys talking about a rotator cup.
Yeah, yeah.
You got one.
Perch on it.
Speaking of fish.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, good morning.
Yes, sir.
You got something over your phone, pal.
Okay.
Or maybe he's got it in his...
Correct him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10.
Wouldn't you think we'd be getting some intent on another guy that called before?
We seem to know a little bit about all of who was wrong because Hurricane Andrew was not as large
as a Francis.
So he was wrong about that.
It had stronger winds and it was a category of five.
Correct.
This one is a four.
A strong four.
Because a hundred could also change.
It would also change.
That even as Narkroc said, it could diminish some.
What's your name?
Because it is slowing.
It's down to 12 miles an hour, which could be good or could be bad.
The bad part of that is that it slows way down and hangs around longer, which means right.
And much more flooding and it seems to be like it's there forever.
On the other hand, as it slows down, it has an opportunity as it approaches the coast to make that shift to the north
or someplace else wherever the hell it's going to go.
Which in this case, I think the north is the only other possibility.
And like we've all been saying, better than us.
Sorry Eric.
We know who they are.
Well, no, it doesn't necessarily have to go to Orlando.
Right?
So they have to.
It could go up through some desolate place up there, like Jacksonville.
Like Okeechobee.
Well, that's not that far away.
That's not far.
Huh?
I just want to say Okeechobee.
I just like saying, I've just seen a jackass on the Weather Channel.
Oh, it's speaking to jackasses on the Weather Channel.
Have you ever seen downtown Vivian Brown?
No, my God.
And her name is Gaston.
Hercane Gaston.
And with them like a Gulfstone.
Gaston.
How is she on the air?
I think it's a racial thing myself.
How could she be on the air?
Downtown Vivian Brown.
You've never seen her on the Weather Channel?
No, never.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, wow.
It'll change your life forever.
26 past 11 at 560 WQAM.
Let me tell you about dry concepts.
In fact, I don't want to exploit the fact that we're going to have a storm here of some magnitude.
We need to know what this point.
But if you have like flooding in a house.
If you have like some damage in the house.
You're carpeting and you're a pulse for all of these things.
What?
Well, I don't know what you're raising your eyebrows.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, I do.
You're going to need somebody professional to come in there and take that mess and make it look fantastic.
That's why keep in mind our good friends at dry concepts.
In fact, right down their toll free number.
1-800-248-5071.
And when the coast clears, so to speak, you want to call these people because they'll take even the nastiest soil carpeting and make it look just like brand new.
Your carpets when they get done smell lemony fresh.
They're drying a couple of hours.
You really can clean today, entertained tonight.
When you call our good friends at dry concepts, which I've been doing for over 20 years.
They've been doing great service for the folks of South Florida since way back in 1979.
No ripoffs, no scams.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a job.
Your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs, your pulse free, your furniture, and of course, you're carpeting all of these things.
Don't forget, call dry concepts.
They'll never let you down to an unbeatable job.
You'll never dream of calling anybody else again.
It's 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 around a wicked web.
It's dryconcepts.com.
You are listening to Neil Roger.
And school is again on 566-888-8AM.
Kid babies!
This is Doubby!
And I'm the big O!
What's that stand for?
Orgasm?
No, that's just short for Orlando Blue.
You don't look, Julie.
No.
No.
Wow.
Wow.
Now Neil's gonna rip me for 4 hours.
I've been asked to keep this in strict confidence.
But in case you wonder why we're here, joke got suspended, joke got suspended.
Maybe we should take this call from our special guest, Roberto L'Oongo.
Hi, everybody.
You know what I'm the voice of the pantser's mouth?
Yes, aren't you that squeaky voice guy that goes by all the time?
Oh, tell her the box.
You got me confused with a character on another show.
That's not me.
I have children, you know.
Do it, do it.
You have a funny name.
Yeah!
Okay, what's this call?
I want to do it.
Do it, do it, do it.
We can't get into that right now.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
Hey, go!
I don't want you to walk in that area with your stick thing in your head.
Come here.
I am, Joe.
I want to crush you to face like a peanut butter.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Be the worst case scenario for us here across South Florida.
Gina Canceleria is standing by.
We've got an enhanced satellite loop behind you there.
Gina, give us a little more insight now on this hurricane.
Okay, checking the latest advisory, which I have on my hand,
is shoot about an hour ago.
We're going to be posted as of 11 o'clock this morning.
Does in fact show this storm slowing down slightly by the smallest amount.
Moving to the west, northwest, about 13 miles an hour now.
As of 11 o'clock this morning, it was located at 90 miles, no excuse me,
55 miles south east of San Salvador,
in the Hamas, or another perspective, 450 miles to the east southeast of the lower Florida east coast.
It is approaching the east coast as you heard Trent say.
Wow, like I said, let's him over it along.
Well, that's channel 10 for you.
Unless they got done on there, they're hopeless.
Okay, they're S.O.L.M.A. without him.
Let's get the big people on there and get to put this broad back in the deep freeze,
wherever the hell she is.
Oh, here we go. Here's the big guy.
It's going to go to our north.
Okay.
Anyway, here's the facts I just got.
It says it's ridiculous for the cone of confidence to be shown constantly with different words,
descriptions and graphics around it.
The cone is only updated at 5 a.m. and p.m., and 11 a.m. and p.m., that's it.
It says too bad for the TV stations that the updates don't coincide with the midday news shows,
or primetime TV viewing.
Well, what's wrong with those weather people at the Hurricane Center?
It says the cones are brought enough to allow for the small shifts that may be indicated by the advisories
that come out in between those times.
It is irresponsible for the local weather folks to revise the forecast or speculate about the track based upon any shifts.
They need to wait until the next forecast by the National Hurricane Center,
which not only takes into account the shifts, but also when he reconnaissance aircraft info,
they should just show the cone maybe at the top and bottom of the hour without saying,
here's the latest, unless they also give the time.
In the meantime, if they need to have wall-to-wall coverage today,
let alone yesterday last night, four weeks ago last suckers,
give responsible information such as a checklist, expected rainfall, flooding, etc.,
where all of these things is what the good facts are by somebody who knows his crap.
But that again, nobody would watch.
That's the idea. They want to get a sucked in there, and they want to glue us in there.
There's a cone! And that's the reason why people get whipped up into a frenzy,
because they overdo it, and then they can always cover the rasp by saying,
we can add a close call, we just missed it, or if we do, God forbid, that's still good.
Get the big hit, then you can say, when you see we told you so,
it's the big, fat, CYA man, cover your asses, collective.
Okay, here's the website. Here's our question.
Who's done the best job of giving out info on Hurricane Francis?
228. They all suck 70. They all suck.
Give us something we can sink our teeth into.
Weather channel 47. Done. No.
41. Rollins dead in 24. Ryan R. Cross 22.
And also joining us.
Bill Kamal, Ms. Kamal's got 14. Bob Soaker's got 7.
And Jen Herrera's got 6. She finally got on the map.
Aren't you excited about CYA?
Oh, there's Alex P. P.
We ask you all to be up.
P. P. N. Winnie for a few moments.
And we know that the 11 o'clock advice.
Now, why do we want him on there?
He is so irresponsible during these times that last one we had, Hurricane Floyd, 99,
was it? Remember his performance then we talked about that yesterday?
This is an opportunity to get on TV.
For what?
Because that's an idiot.
That is asked beat soundly.
10%. 10%.
For Alex, big shot.
He'll be running for something again.
Yeah, running for the woods is what he got to be running for.
When all those cabanos are in bush fashion again.
Although now that he lost, he'll probably say, hey, be by my bush.
Because he's all over the place.
A sellout. And they're on the Alex by the way.
They're all on the, the Anglo's, the Julio's, the whole host.
They're all on the, a sweetheart.
So you ain't fooling anybody.
Mr. Weather expert.
And next time he bishops out our friends up there in Las Olas at the Floridian.
That'll be, yeah, that's it.
That's what we're going to like write his ass out of town.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I thought we'd get like all these amateur weather experts calling in.
We, now we had the one guy.
It worked pretty good.
Huh?
And then the fast we just have was magnificent.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Would you marry me to Daniel Eagle?
I beg your pardon?
I would you marry me to...
567-0.560-0.560 on the Verizon and Singular.
They're wireless line.
Now to call on the board.
And you want to know why?
Because they're all out there kneeling up there, applying wood.
Right.
They're all out there, even know what I just said.
They're all running over to the publics and wind dixie.
They buy off all the remaining bottles of water.
They're hyperventilating.
They're ripped up into a frenzy.
They're on a highway.
They're calling 911.
In spite of the fact I beg them, I'm pleading.
Don't do it.
Right?
Right.
They will.
They'll do it anyway.
They call anyway.
For any three.
Any, any three.
Unbelievable.
Protesters disrupt convention gathering.
Anti-war demonstrators disrupt today.
Republican youth gathering on the floor of the Partican
Convention Wednesday.
Shortly after President Bush's twin daughters left the stage.
Jenna and Barbara Bush introduced White House Chief of Staff Andrew
Carter as he began speaking.
Ten protesters sitting in the crowd jumped up.
Blue whistles and began to chant,
Bush kills.
They also removed sweatshirts to reveal t-shirts that read,
Bush dropped global debt now.
Carter tried to continue speaking, but was drowned out and stopped as young participants
in the morning events, scuffle with the demonstrators.
Police moved into the movement of protesters, including young woman hosted out by two officers.
One at her shoulders and one at her knees.
At least one delegate was slightly injured.
Surod Daniel, 20 of Milwaukee City, was punched in the head by a protester.
He had a cut near his temple and the side of his face was reddened,
as in the weight redden of the Ottawa Senators.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Water Bay in New York, California.
Okay.
I'm not like a weatherman or anything like that, but.
Regardless, just going to put up the shutters,
wait out, got a lot of fear at the house.
There you go.
They tell me, they tell me,
12 hours for the sucker hit, the eyes to what you've rowered,
getting in the car, driving north.
I don't need a hotel room.
I just got to find out where the storm's not going.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, you're driving north?
North or south.
Is there ever way they're telling me this thing's going?
I'm going the opposite direction.
Okay. Let's talk about what they're going to turn around and come back at you, like Charlie.
Yeah, well, hey, you know what, what are you going to do?
If they tell you it's going to go here, five minutes later, it goes here.
It's going to stuck it up.
If they tell me it's coming through Broward.
I think if you drink it off, very you'll be like passed out on the floor by the time you wake up,
it'll be all over anyway.
That's what I'm screaming.
There you go, Pally.
I get a little on the other side for a second.
I know we got to be scared and everything, but.
Have you been watching any of the RNC?
No, I have not.
Not yet.
I will not watch it.
I don't know if you know this, but we're out for it.
My previous program did block it out.
Well, I had to watch if I had people pay or what,
but they were going to come and have me with.
But all they have is kill, kill, kill people overseas.
All they're talking about.
Right.
That's it.
People.
The evil doers.
On the boat.
Good luck to us, Pally.
We'll see you hang on there.
He's having a few beers.
He's going to do his mis-comolimitation.
Huh?
Don't you think that all the weather people should submit to a breathalyzer before they go on the air at a time of an emergency?
Oh, that's no fun.
Huh?
Because I think.
It's on end of the hammer.
We're a powerhouse.
Like a powerhouse.
What the fives to see?
QA Air.
We tell.
At 5.6.0.
WQA Air.
Tonight, on QA Air.
We ride for the Strait Gowdy.
Look, FAB 5.
Critique just thrown you Jersey Governor James McGrady's coming out, Steve.
When entering a room, body language is key.
Chin up, chest out, and with the hint of a smile on your own in the room.
My truth is that I am a gay American.
I am also here today because shameful.
I engaged in an adult's consensual affair with another man.
He had so much talent and it was all pent up in there.
He really wasn't sharing it and when he shared himself.
What's not to love?
It was wrong.
It was foolish.
It was inexcusable.
I don't like the Stanley Cup for gay people.
You.
Yet, he caused the pain and suffering that I have caused to my beloved family.
I have decided the right force of that is to resign on November 15th of this year.
I can't be more proud.
I think he did a great job.
He was working at Room like a candidate.
He really was.
I think he was totally psyched about change.
He's like a spicy hair.
Looks like Governor McGrady will have to find a new stare.
He's all tonight on Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.
Only on Bravo.
Cheers, lady.
Cheers, leaders.
So, speaking of that, who do you think plays a better chin ball?
A Miss Kamala Miss Norcross.
It's 11.45 at 5.60 WQAM.
We're keeping our eye on Francis.
We're keeping our eye on it.
We have several people in the building.
In fact, it was kind of amusing before the show Clarence says to me,
our program director, Clarence says,
oh, anything you need, anything we can get for you?
What are they going to get for me?
They could get some reports.
What's information for us?
Like about that Miami FSU game that a lot of people out there are peeing in their pants waiting to find out.
Right?
That'll do.
About the Salvin game.
About the Marlins of Cubs series this weekend, which I should mention again,
the Cubs after they had won in Montreal last night, didn't fly here for this weekend series.
They flew back to Chicago.
Obviously, an anticipation of probably not being in the games here this weekend.
And I don't want to say that because I don't want to get all kinds of stir up all kinds of crap.
Because what would happen if this went due North?
See what I'm saying?
What would we do, North?
Well, we certainly wouldn't have no game tomorrow, but this, well, they could be here in time for Saturday.
With minimal amount of sleep is what we're hoping.
So at any rate, there are going to be a lot of cancellations, all kinds of stuff.
That's the kind of thing they could do for us.
Are they coming running in here?
Were they in that stuff yet?
No.
In fact, they're probably not even here.
They probably already headed out for the hills, if what you ask me.
I know much.
You already left.
Because he lives over on the beach in Fort Lauderdale, right over there on the beach with all the mother of, you know.
567-0560-0.560 on the Verizon Wireless and Settier Wireless Lines.
WDQA and Hello.
WDQA and Ola.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Good.
I just want to let you know that I'm not nailing anything and I'm not scared of the storm and my wife is freaking out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm married to a jab. She is dropping her nail file.
Is she really?
Oh, yeah.
Well, maybe she'll get her ass blown away and then it'll sell the problem for you.
567-0560.
I know they're putting it, guys.
Well, they got their fingers and legs crossed.
So I'm going to say about that.
Do you want to say about that?
WDQA and Hello.
I got a stiff stomach if you.
You got a what?
A stiff stomach if you.
What is that?
Oh, don't you want a stomach if you're sausage?
You know what they're saying?
Oh, God.
WDQA and Hello.
Good morning, sir.
Yes, sir.
When is this?
A quick question for you.
What does the word Sri Vilkis mean?
Sri Vilkis is like a twisted gut, it's like butterflies in your stomach.
Appreciate it.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Okay, my good friend.
What?
Well, it's part of our Yiddish 102.
If you have spilky, then I'm sure there are a lot of people who have spilky's right now because of Francis.
It means like butterflies in your stomach like nervous.
Yeah.
We have a lot of nervous.
I genelies around here at WQA.
I'm a guarantee of that.
And like I said, some of them brings a tear to my eye thinking about it.
WQA and Hello.
Yes, hi.
I would like to make a great call.
Yeah, okay.
Go ahead.
We'll give you some numbers.
That was a good call.
I was going to make a crank call.
Tell him go practice.
Go work on it a little bit.
Sounded to me like he was already working on it.
My favorite call ever.
WQA and Hello.
Hey Neil.
How's sir?
Okay.
Two things.
I wanted to thank George for the auspice because even though we got bombed out with it, but still thanks a lot George.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
We'll have a great time.
I'm going to ask you to be very respectful or something.
And also, you said you like Crystal Burger.
Is that the Crystal Burger down there on sunrise and power line?
Oh, you have somebody mentioned it a long time ago.
It's not as in power line.
And the last but not least.
You guys are always saying there's freaky cars at the desk, but when I think of my ticket, it's not.
It was a pretty cute gal.
He's pretty cute.
He's pretty cute.
She was probably just, they alternate out there.
They rotate.
Well, I rotate since she, you know.
And as I still hear you in town, Neil, I'm glad you're still on the radio.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
I have a great day and get out of the bed.
Well, I just want to say to come out.
5, 6, 7.
Don't forget we got the Marlon game.
I should mention this again, I guess, because there may be some people who have been like under that bed.
Broward County officials this morning ordered the mandatory evacuation of all mobile homes in barrier islands
starting at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Strongly recommended that people who live east of Federal Highway also seek safe shelter.
And Hurricane warnings are now in effect.
Well, we are going through that.
Okay, the next advisory is at 2 o'clock in the PM, which will be long gone by then.
And we could probably encourage people to call in and say, oh, there's a gas station open here over there,
but we don't want to, I thought about that for about a half a second.
I don't want to do that.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because then the gas station will be like, there'll be lines like 45 blocks long, and it'll create chaos, and we don't want to do that.
So my best suggestion for you is just drive around a lot and waste a lot of gas.
You know?
Yeah.
Well, now there's some stupid people who are going to do that.
We have to waste a quarter of a tank of gas, and then the light of going back home and discover that they found no place that was open.
Because coming in here on 4.41 this morning, I noticed that of the stations that were open, they were like humongous lines.
And I would say two thirds of the, at least two thirds of the stations that I passed, including the mobile up the street.
Or you can see the things over the houses.
Right.
They don't have a hose job over here, too.
Because they have no gas.
Or the BP also?
See.
No gas.
They are seen gas.
Well, that's because people went crazy.
Grabbed it all up, whether they needed it or not.
And this is what has been going on all week long.
And there were people who were saying, well, you're seeing me, we did the smart thing.
Well, what can I say to those people?
The ones that went overboard.
The ones that bought enough plywood to build a fort, a mansion.
Yeah.
The ones that bought enough bottled water to fill a like oaky tubi.
You could say, hang on to it this time.
Yeah.
Don't bring it back for any refunds, okay?
Because anybody that brings stuff back for refunds, man, will be shot in the ankle, okay?
I'm telling you that right now.
You wise ass bastards, you.
Just put it in the a garage out there, okay?
Right.
And the water drink 20, 30 gallons of a day.
That's a good idea.
Can't hurt.
And I don't want to get aimed by a nervous, but you know, the water that comes in was real thick.
What do they call that?
Polyurethane?
No, the plastic?
Yeah, at least the chemicals.
That's really thick.
And it leaches the nasty dangerous chemicals right into the water.
I just mentioned that.
So those of you who are more concerned about drinking your tap water than getting a real fancy,
an addition to which we found out a long time ago that some of those places where they sell those containers,
the water came out of the tap anyway.
It's a repaw.
I just mentioned that just to keep in mind to try to keep you rational and sane.
WQAM, hello.
Not there.
WQAM, hola.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Is this QAM?
WQAM, this is it.
Okay, on your website, on Meals website?
Yes, sir.
When you, I'll get on the, on the homepage with the Beatty Curtin.
You have a girl that's been there for a couple months.
Page Davis?
Yeah.
Who is she?
Who's Page Davis?
She's from Trading Spaces, one of the hostess.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, Beatty Curtin, I never even looked at it today.
We had Marilyn Monroe yesterday, and I never even mentioned that.
Who we got today?
Page Davis?
Well, she's always on there.
That's Gail Porter.
That's a great picture today, and I never even looked at that.
In the midst of all this Francis, Crap, who needs Francis when we got Gail?
Right.
That's a wind.
That's a good picture.
So for those of you who are locked into your homes, where there are the shutters up,
and all the plywood nailed to the windows, and just batting it down a hatches,
just take a look.
Now, make sure you keep your hands about the counter, because you'll notice that the eyes on John
and ask Crop there on a Beatty Curtin, they move around as little BDIs.
They are watching you carefully.
You might want to print it out in case the power goes out.
When a doubt print it out, although especially if you have a color printer,
because that's what I got for you.
That's definitely need color.
It needs a little something to it.
That's nice.
So I'm glad he called, because even though his call was rather inane, well, we're distracted.
We're distracted.
We got bigger fish to fry as they say.
Now, let's see, Channel 7 right now has got some crap on about evacuation routes.
Let me say it again.
If you have any question about evacuation assistance about these things,
which way to go, so to speak.
I know Brian's a little concerned about that.
It's a toll-free 1-800-342-3557.
Now, let's see, what about the weather channel?
Are they doing anything worthwhile?
Holiday traffic.
Oh, yeah, they're in a commercial for A1 sauce.
What about who might leave it out?
And again, I see, I don't want to start.
I don't want to know what cable system this is.
Oh, there's Channel San Quente Uno.
And I don't want to know, George.
The top of that water.
There are crashing.
Oh, look at that.
Look at her.
So what you have is water well above the wall.
She's just thinking of waves crashing on top of that.
I'm looking for that.
I can imagine the wave crashing on top of that.
Oh, we got no one now.
You're dead.
Oh, thank God for that.
I love it now.
You were a terrible sister.
I love it.
You're a terrible sister.
Or 10 is on 11, huh?
See, 7 is estimated by the planning and condescence to be 180 miles per hour.
Moving west, northwest at 15 and the pressure at 9.
We're starting from a 2773.
It's been hovering somewhere in the 950s and 40s.
And now it seems to be decreasing a little bit more.
Indication to the ramps, the storm continues to very slowly strengthen.
Here's the thing you want to do about done.
No.
Steady as he goes, you know?
Right.
Yeah.
Com cool, collected.
Not hyperventilating.
You're a little, it'd be the 12th of the 1st hour on WQA.
There's so much energy.
Bye bye, tell me, tell me my love.
Help!
Bye bye, tell me, tell me my love.
How you're the boy, not a stinking, can't tell you what's wrong with you.
As the best and fair cast, we're in danger.
I told you before.
No one around me is gonna miss you.
Right out of my business, do you know the value of this?
For all we have.
Bye bye, tell me, tell me my love.
Bye bye, tell me, tell me my love.
Bye bye, tell me my love.
Trouble one at five sixty, how many QAAM?
We got the Mahler pregame show cut up 1235.
Now is it 1235 or 1230?
I think it's 35.
It's what it says in my schedule over here.
What about when you know you got a mouthful of Cuban sandwich over there?
You're just got a mouthful of Cuban sandwich.
Wouldn't it be something if right in the middle of eating that ponytail open the door
and came with a food from the pizza lot?
That would be funny.
That would be hysterical and we'd have to eat extra to make up for all the other crap we'd eaten.
It's just a food fest in here, man.
That's what they say in Sweden.
Just a freaking food fest.
Yeah, I'm sure she's a gasped and appalled by all this.
All you do?
Gargantuan meals that you're eating over there.
And the continuous meal.
What he in Palpatot is speaking of Gargantuan says is if we didn't have enough to worry about
I just left my local video store and all the porno is disappearing off the shelves at an alarming rate.
Oh my god.
What buddy said?
It's supposed to already have a collection buddy.
Well, maybe he needs to find himself a buddy.
It would be good.
I wouldn't be surprised at that because you've got to be in.
And of course, if the power is out, what do you do then?
Unless you've got a diesel generator or like a diesel spike?
Is that what it is?
Oh, magazines.
Oh god.
A terminally boring.
Anyway, here's our pool.
Who's done the best job of giving info on Hurricane Francis so far?
We have 293 votes, which indicates that we've got a lot of people who probably ought to be doing something more important
who are poaching around with our website.
They all suck all those weather people 85.
And I will say it again.
I thought I wanted to come to their defense, but I will anyway.
They have a thankless job.
Who would want it?
Huh?
Nothing.
Who would want to be responsible?
Then of course, after it's over, no matter what they say, there's a whole bunch of people going to say either,
oh, you've got to solve with that for nothing again.
Or you didn't warn us enough.
You didn't tell us it was coming right to my house, right?
Right.
Or you preempted my soap operas, which I had a fax from an anion about that.
She's all been out of shape about that.
And rightfully so.
They all suck 85.
The weather channel 67.
They're okay.
They're not, you know.
As far as Broward County, we heard from them earlier this morning, a mandatory evacuation kicks in at 2 p.m.
The barrier islands and...
You'll notice this guy.
He's been on there for two or three days now on the beach.
And they got with an electric fan over there standing up.
No, that's why his hair is blown a little bit.
Okay, a little blown going on over there on the beach.
And that's the only reason his hair is blown because there's nothing going on.
Absolutely nothing yet.
Let's see.
Weather channel 67.
Done.
No.
Good old Don.
No, he's doing a fine job.
He has 53.
Leading the other local weatherman.
Heads and shoulders above them.
And that nice to see.
Great.
And are we proud of our association with Channel 10 and Don?
No, even though we're not using them on the show.
I'm sure that our friend Mo.
Absolutely.
Probably using them after the ballgame.
If anybody explains to Mohoo Don, no, is.
That was so.
Part of the course is what it was.
Roll instead of we got 28.
Channel 6.
Steady as he goes.
He's all right.
Right into our class.
25.
Bill, come on.
This come on.
This only got 17.
They've got a...
I'm telling you, they're not the fond of that child.
What do you think that's all about?
I don't know.
I really don't.
Just don't like her.
Bill, come on.
17.
Bob Soaper has got 10.
And he's only on there like a little bit of the time.
He's doing just fine.
We love Bob Soaper.
Good guy.
And Jen Herrera, whoever she is, has got eight.
I'll take your word for it.
She got eight.
And then don't say anything about that.
Oh, she's got a great ass too.
Right.
Too bad Becky Johnson needs still around her.
Oh well, can you imagine if we had her on this pool?
Don't say anything.
Don't say our word.
Now listen, I'm telling you now.
You better watch your cues and peas and everything goes in between.
I'll try it.
We wouldn't want to generate real electricity.
Alright, thanks.
Like a whiny guy.
A whiny relationship.
We'll go to the south this morning.
The south is whiny.
Here's a female person.
Alright, yes.
We do have some rains tell you.
Oh, well we don't care about that.
Okay, bitch.
Look, it's beds.
Yeah.
We don't care, Jenetta Jones, about your rain bed.
Look at that.
I've got about 14 rain drops.
Well, they were in Texas somewhere.
And she's worried about that.
Well, we're waiting to see if our lives are on the line or not here.
Shame on you.
Now we've got three breaks to do now between now and 1235.
That was kind of clever of our traffic people.
Oh, speaking of that.
I left here yesterday with little Buckebrain and the elevator door opened.
Oh, I know this freaky car was ain't speaking to me now.
Oh, I know this freaky car was ain't speaking to me now.
I was just rubbing them the wrong way so to speak.
That's hard to believe.
Oh, I know.
Oh, I'm so glad that's the greatest thing that happened.
My whole week here is that for whatever reason she's all been out of shape
and giving me just a dirty look.
Oh, yeah.
I've taken me seven years, but thank God he finally got the message.
Probably heard you making fun of his weird beers.
So the elevator door opens and it was like somebody who comes up to your kneecap.
I'll give you a little clue.
Yeah.
What happened to that one, man?
What is on the wall?
You lost another person, a whole other person.
About 600 pounds since I was here last time.
I'm not the case you would gigantic, but she lost.
And she's aged about 100 years since the last time.
Oh, you know that.
Are you crazy?
It's wow.
The fat leaves your face.
You know, oh my God, I never saw anything that looked like that in my life.
You're a cruel, the cruel man.
Why, I'm just under the truth.
She don't look a day over 250.
So what would you rather do?
Way 250 or look about 250, huh?
That's the choice you got, I guess.
Wow, I couldn't believe it.
And Bokka, of course, being as subtle as he always is.
He goes in hysterical after the part where he has to turn around
and hold himself up against the back of the elevator.
While the door is posing, I'm sure she can still hear and see from the outside, you know.
Nice going, Bokka, you idiot.
He was, he was life and so hard.
He was like holding up the wall, and he doesn't help himself.
No, he sure don't.
1206 at 560 WQAM, your Florida, Marlins against the a-hated mediocre Mets.
1235 pregame game time is at 110 at Shae.
Let me tell you right now about here.
Okay, Chuck Alphiri for over 35 years has provided guys amazing looking natural hair systems
that are virtually 100% undetectable.
And right now, Charlie's introducing the latest development and hair restoration.
It's called the new laser light therapy treatment.
And this treatment is used for treating fine and thinning hair.
It's FDA certified, it restores your hair and scalp back to its healthiest state
while increasing hair shaft density and volume as well.
The new laser light therapy and its cool light laser device are effective on both men and women.
And it's a painless non-invasive treatment that is complete in the only about a half an hour.
In other words, just a BOT 30 minutes out of your life and you can look swell.
Charlie and his staff have witnessed dramatic results with his new system that impedes hair follow up for people with fine and thinning hair.
So stop thinking that by some kind of a miracle, a magic wand,
that your thinning hair is going to stop folding into the sink to shower or whatever,
and give Charlie a call and the fun out more about this exciting new laser light therapy treatment
and how it can solve your thinning hair problems forever.
It really can change your life and make you look like a bench.
Call them toll free 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413.
I'm at Wichid Worldwide Web at Charles Alfie Erie.com.
You are listening to me, you old Neil Rogers.
Exclusively un-fifth-skate.
You are here.
Think you have Ricky of Lowell.
Hello, Michael Iser's office.
Iser?
Yes, sir.
What the hell?
God, I finished it.
What the hell?
Are you doing to me?
Are you a bill of me? That's right.
What did I do now, sir?
Piglet's big movie.
Yeah.
Piglet's big piece of pink pulp.
What an amazing success.
We're so proud of the animation in that.
Something finished seven, Pfizer.
Seven.
You know how much money we spent on that runny little stuttering pig?
I was like $80-90 million.
$93 million on Piglet and Open Seven.
It's going to take me nine months to make my freaking money back.
But, sir, the animation is...
Oh, the animation is terrible.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, hold on a minute.
Oh, yes, sir.
I got remiss on blindspot.
I know, I know.
Right now.
Remiss.
Get the air your buzz.
Remiss, come in here.
Get the air your buzz.
Stop juggling, Remiss.
What the hell are you doing?
Putting in a drainage system, both are drainage systems.
Yeah, you know, a system of law and visual natural drains and ditches.
You used a drain of your buzz water.
I know what a drainage system is, Remiss.
I don't need a drainage system in my office for a heaven sake.
I don't even have a water, fuck.
Eisner.
Yes, sir.
Oh, by the way, I forgot that.
How did the Oscars go?
Oh, funny. You should ask, guys.
They're not my next topic.
Was it an amazing time?
What the hell?
Our adventure.
Are you doing this?
Are you doing this?
Are you doing this?
Put me on stage with Jennifer Garner from Alias.
Well, we figured she's on ABC.
I know what I figure I do it just for a hell of it.
It'd be fun.
I figure I get a little action afterwards.
You know what she says to me?
I'm married.
I can't do that.
You're my boss.
I don't want to go down that road.
Hang on a minute.
There's an explosion in my office.
Remiss.
Remiss.
Remiss.
It's like I'm wreck.
What the hell are you doing to me?
That black food wall, though.
Remiss.
Stop blasting through my walls.
I'm trying to have a phone conversation with my husband.
Get away from me, Remiss.
Think like...
Come on.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
How about hell?
Are you doing it to me?
Are you doing it to me?
But, sir, how did it go with Jennifer?
It didn't, I said.
I got nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
You wouldn't even give me a hand.
Well, sir, you are a married man.
I am a lot.
You sound like Minnie.
I went home.
She said, oh, sorry, I'm safe with Jennifer.
If you're going up, you'll love me so much.
Why don't you come in earlier?
I said, I don't want to marry her, Minnie.
I just want to stop her.
Bring it back.
Come on.
Remiss.
What are you doing?
I'm going to prove.
I'll get your crew out of here.
I'll get you.
What the hell?
Are you doing it?
Are you doing it to me?
So, 14, Marlon Freegum 1235.
Three men were trampled to death in a rush to claim vouchers
at the first IKEA furniture showroom in.
16 shoppers were injured.
They sweden based furniture store opening in Jeddah.
Minics revived some 20 customers who had fainted in the crush.
IKEA said two were killed.
Oh, man.
Those middle-eastern schmata heads, man, what a sense of humor they got.
The rush was triggered by an offer for the first 50 shoppers to receive $150 in vouchers.
And IKEA statements had more than 20,000 people showed up.
Well, what do you expect with all those sluppers over there?
Right.
Because they're all sluppers.
And of course, the ruling family, they got all the money and all the oil.
And everybody else is like, you know, nickels and dimes.
Hospital officials said two of the dead were a Pakistani and a Saudi national.
The IKEA statements said the company were close to the Saudi security officials
to plan the opening.
IKEA is known for a simple reasonably priced product.
I see.
You never heard of it.
I can't eat with a big yellow and blue sign.
We got them in Toronto.
Okay.
I'm stood on.
They're all over the world.
I haven't seen it.
We don't have them here.
No.
Well, there you go.
Although you can still go get trampled to death here, especially on Christmas time.
Yeah.
Or hurricane time.
Or hurricane bubble head dolls.
I'd like to hear something.
Think about it.
He's head.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Of course, nobody's going to remember because we don't want to like reminisce hurricane
Andrew.
A lot of bad crap happened.
But your wrist is life is again.
Helping people.
Telecopter crashed.
There were two airplanes.
And even his was in, uh, huh?
And yeah, his was the one that crashed.
And there were three people in there.
Two people died and he survived.
You're right.
Trying to take hurricanes to find those desperate people.
And then he said, yeah, that was a really nice thing.
It was like, just days after the war.
After he returned from that near fatal crash, the management of WIWD said, good job, Joe.
And by the way, your fire did.
Yeah.
And the best part of Donald Trump, your fire.
Your fire.
Yeah.
Being all hard as those people at cost broadcasting always were and will be.
What a bunch of grave robbers, you know?
Oh, yeah.
I'll take care of George.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's your good, good buddy.
Why is it that management always hates you so much?
One of those things.
What about Disney?
Did they have any dealings with Disney?
Not as much.
A little bit.
When Gary Bruce was making my life miserable, making me do all this busy work.
I went to my Disney.
I wanted to make my friend.
I was no.
He had no idea.
He just told Gary Bruce everything I said.
I was seeing.
And then of course there was your little friend Bob Green that you took to the swing club.
They were trying to get him laid in there.
They did my best.
And of course you take one look at Bob and you say, you're kidding me.
But he also stabbed you in the back.
Yeah.
Well, and then of course here you got Greg Reed, your close personal friend.
And everybody in the building knows that.
Greg hates you.
Yes, he does.
It's fun to have that fine job you've been doing in the great numbers we had in the summer.
And in the July trend and last summer being number one in the whole deal in the summer.
Don't matter.
He still hates you.
So you have a little bit of a problem with management.
I'd be working on that if I were you.
56070, 0560, pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Line.
Let's get in a whole bunch of calls here before that big Marlon pregame show at 1235.
What do you say?
All right, at least a couple.
WMQAM, hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
What's your prediction on the hurricane?
I want to lock you in and where you think it's going to go.
You want to lock me in?
What's the purpose of that?
I don't know.
I just want to know where you think it's going to go.
Where I think it's going to go?
Yeah.
I said yesterday I thought that yeah, I think it's going to overflow to right.
I said yesterday I thought that the eye eye eye eye eye eye was going to go like over maybe
between Melbourne and Fort Pierce and the middle of the hero up there in that neck of the way.
I was between there in Jacksonville somewhere and now of course they revised the cone.
Yes, melting.
Maybe that's why he didn't show up.
They revised Jeff Cohen and he ate like they're coming no more.
That's fine.
What?
And he didn't even call?
Supposed you hadn't brought that sandwich.
Supposed we wouldn't have thought about getting the bacon from my apple.
That wouldn't have done it.
No.
Kept you all away going to 1235.
I don't think so.
How could you be alive by 1235?
It's cold though.
If Jeff Cohen let us down again, but that's okay because you don't buy any spots anyway.
It's 1218 at 560 WQM.
If you're on the Atkins, which by the way that apple is not here, I should point out.
Is that an Atkins approved apple?
No sugar at it.
Right here it's low in.
What does that term that they use about carbs?
Not effective carbs.
What's that word?
I'll think of it.
And that's totally bogus by the way.
If you're on the Atkins, the South Beach Sugar Busters or any low carb sugar-free diet,
then you want to store where you can get lots of variety, lots of taste.
And that store is the Lights of Westboker.
For years, the Lights has helped thousands of low carb diners achieve their weight loss goals.
And now, the Lights of Westboker is celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts
of up to 50% off on low carb products like carbolite, purity like carb scents, and lots more.
And is their anniversary super special?
You can save half off all Atkins, brands, food products, and supplements too.
And don't forget the great selection of low carb bakery items, delicious stuff like cheesecakes,
breads, rolls, and brownies.
And as always, at Delights, you can sample anything in the store before you lay out cash and buy it
to make sure you like it.
Your staff knows low carb dieting inside and out and Delights is open every day till 10.
Don't forget the guaranteed lowest price policy on all Atkins, carbolite, and purity like products too,
because Delights of Westboker will absolutely not be underserved.
You'll find Delights on the northeast corner of Glades in 441, right next to Boston Market,
or call them tool free at 1-877 Low Carb, that's L-O-W-C-A-R-B-R-On-Web, it's lowcarb.com.
Delights of Westboker is your official Atkins retail center.
You are listening to Neil Roger F. exclusively on On 560.
You all are.
I can't see if you have no any growth.
Freedom's there, freedom's there, let's bury our heads.
All right.
Freedom's there, let's bury our heads.
Help!
You see the big crap out of the sea.
You'll see your hopes start to find when it's the highest cut on their heads.
Freedom's there, freedom's there, freedom's there, let's bury our heads.
Freedom's there, freedom's there, let's bury our heads.
Freedom's there, let's bury our heads.
1224 Marlin's pregame against the Mets 1235.
It's only moments away, then we got to the Marlin's in the Met Game 110 to 7 noon.
And we got to the Marlin's in the Met Game 110 to 7 noon.
And we got to the Marlin's in the Met Game 110 to 7 noon.
And we got to the Marlin's in the Met Game 110 to 7 noon.
And we got to the Marlin's in the Met Game 110 to 7 noon.
And we got to the Marlin's in the Met Game 110 to 7 noon.
And we got to the Marlin's in the Met Game 110 to 7 noon.
And we got to the Marlin's in the Met Game 110 to 7 noon.
Has anyone even opened that door and said, well, we're going to know by section such a time or the CUB Marlin series.
And even sports stuff they don't know.
So when it comes to situations like this, we must say that our middle level management staff here at this radio station is useless as breasts on a ballpoint pen.
Unless you're writing a lot of letters.
Who would be the use? Happen to have one right there. Well, given away.
And anyway, here's the Apple result so far.
Who's done the best job so far of covering Hurricane Frances?
337 votes. They all suck.
Hungard. That's a frustration, man. And I can understand why.
How come they don't know something?
Well, the cone, I think they've been looking too many ice cream cones myself.
First they've missed the North Cross and Miss Kamal. They're getting their licks.
Too many ice cream cones, don't you think?
Yeah.
I mean, they've got that big wide thing, man.
They all suck 100.
Whether Channel 80, Done, No, has got 61.
He's good.
He's low.
He's accurate. He's articulate.
He's short.
He's our buddy, man. Don't know.
And I'm not just saying that because we got that working relationship with Channel 10 because you'll notice we haven't talked to him once on this show.
Right.
And you want to know why?
Why? Because he's busy doing his stuff there on Channel 10.
I wouldn't want to infringe on his thing.
If we want him to put him on there, we don't want to put Mayor Teeny Wini on there.
I'd be so stupid.
Oh, God.
You hear how distorted that is?
Yeah.
That's because it's him.
No, it is because it's him.
He's distorted and twisted.
Roland Stedems got 30 votes, Channel 6.
Nice job, Roland. He's OK.
Ryan Arclas, 27.
Now, see, he's way down the list and, of course, in his own mind.
He thinks he's the history of specialists.
Well, little does he know.
Miss Kamal, Channel 7, has only got 19.
Bob Soepers got 10.
And Jen Herrera's tied with Bob Soepers.
Now, 10 a.m. I'll 337 both.
And there's Mayor of Peeney.
What is it?
There's also been some reporting of tankers that are not supplying food to the wherever grades.
Burger Corporation.
Burger Corporation.
Restaurant support centers in daylight and water for clothes today.
They got a whole list.
Why don't they just put on it, like we said before?
Whatever it is, if you're thinking about it, it's closed.
Right.
It's closed and ain't going to be operating.
In fact, wouldn't it be better if they put places on there that are all over the place?
Open?
Oh, hey.
Like maybe near by, there's like a Wendy's that's got a generator.
Right.
Like if the power goes up and goes through the drive-through real quick.
Maybe the Floridian will stay here.
We can swim through the drive-through.
Or Mango's.
Huh?
Wouldn't that be a good idea to just swim through the drive-through?
Cano.
Yeah.
That's it.
Not a bad idea.
In fact, I think I'm going to get that to you.
One good thing about West Broward out by me.
We got great drainage.
In fact, you can't complain about our drainage.
Because we don't have any.
Anybody remember the flood of the Macarena there?
That hockey game a couple of years ago?
Oh, man.
That was beautiful.
Well, they spend a lot of money building that.
They just forgot about one thing.
Like, you know, sewers.
Yeah, well, they built it this way.
And of course, what would we know about sewers?
Stuff like that.
Yeah.
You know, it's all out of his territory.
Isn't this something we're all like back up?
We got another break.
We just got through doing a break.
We better take it.
Why?
We got like eight more minutes.
Yeah.
Well, we only got four minutes worth of spots.
Okay.
I mean, we have time to take several calls from people who want to let us know
whether we should brave the storm and come into Mar or not.
I mean, I took me about 20 seconds to talk him into that.
Maybe a little longer.
About 30 seconds.
30 seconds.
And they said, oh, yeah, because they have been saying that the climate
weather was going to start late tonight.
Correct.
So I'm thinking in my own mind.
I'm thinking back to days of the past.
And maybe tomorrow morning it's going to be like nasty.
Right.
But that picture is not going to risk our lives coming in this joint
for the kind of marginal money they're paying you.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So we'll think about it.
But I think it's going to be.
We'll be doing it.
And we're going to run a clock.
We'll find out.
We'll be waiting.
To whoever sent this into us because without you folks, so we'd have nothing here.
Hurricane warning is in effect right now for Southeast Florida coast and
Lake Okeechobee and Clity Metro Palm Beach, Broward and Bade.
Hurricane Wind Warning and inland Hurricane Wind Warning is in effect for all
inland South Florida counties except coastal Cogga and mainland Monroe County.
And a flood watch is in effect for all South Florida counties through Sunday,
except coastal Cogga and mainland Monroe County.
This is important.
Wind impacts.
Wind will begin increasing across South Florida early tomorrow with tropical storm
force winds arriving along the Southeast Coast tomorrow afternoon.
Hurricane force winds would affect the Palm Beach and Northeast Broward Metro
areas beginning around midnight tomorrow night, Friday night, lasting in a Saturday.
Across South Broward and Miami-Dade, tropical storm force winds would arrive late Friday afternoon,
lasting in a Saturday.
This would be a very long time for such strong winds which means a greater
potential for significant damage, including destruction of mobile homes and
extensive damage to weaker structures like gas station roofs.
Be sure to store all on furniture, secure swing sets and the loose yard items,
remove coconuts from palm trees because they can become deadly missiles in
her case for a hurricane force winds.
There's still uncertainty with the exact track of our Francis and should the track
be shifted, the wind impact would change significantly.
Got it.
Got it.
