I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
I've been eating crap.
The next floor is a
Seven like snatch training day seven momentum had seven falling down seven wouldn't that the Michael Douglas?
Yes, I'd like to see that I'd like to see him fall down see biscuit five who's eating Gilbert's grapes five
Train spotting
had four and I love the way and this must be Josh's fault
I can't play air even Eric's not this dumb. He has road to prediction
For road to prediction. I was playing Josh
Josh is a little bit
Otherwise, they're watching too many games or maybe playing too many road to prediction for life of David Gale for
Somebody facts and said that was great. Oh, and Beast is gonna lend me his copy really yeah
Rounders for monsters balls for the player three Truman show three Bob Roberts three the big hole in a three two for face
Soft legends of the fall Arlington Road. Didn't you tell me I'd love Arlington Road? You would love Arlington Road
blow to or just one if you like cold mountain had only two which is amazing and pay back two
We have two movies on who didn't get any votes out of 123 votes about Schmidt and spun
Which means that the people who called those and either didn't really mean it or they ain't got no PC right or they didn't care enough to vote
Or maybe
Maybe somebody down the block from them voted
Anyway, let's give the first pull out for today and then we're getting to the Oscar nomination
We got some votes from New Hampshire already
And I got a facts here somebody to me. I'll tell me what to think and what to say see
I find it amusing especially since it's unsigned in this very long facts, but it'll kill some good time anyway
Always love when people tell me how I should do the show what I should say what to think and I don't do that
You don't I think whether you like it or not. I don't sit and think well
Let's see about 80% this audience likes Howard Deans
So I'm gonna like cover up for Howard yeah, I'm not gonna do it. I'm just gonna tell you what I think and
I still think my thinking today is no different from what it was yesterday. I don't think he can win
I don't think he can beat the Bushmeister and believe you me
I'm much much more interested in beating the Bushmeister than you could ever begin to believe and so should most of you if you got an IQ larger than your thumbnail
Anyway, here's pull number one speaking of an IQ and don't don't let me get sidetracked on this religious stuff again because they get really nervous with that but it just
You know, I sit on it on the throne
That's always a good place to think about religion because it's full of crap anyway
And I think about these idiotic things and you how many times have I gotten that Bible out red that part from Genesis in a very beginning there
You know and he created this the the larger light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule and I mean in the sun in the moon
He created the stars also. Yeah, I mean the writings are very primitive ignorant people who thought that the earth was flat and very teeny tiny
Only with that which they could see like you know the naked eye and superstitious mumbo jumbo people who wrote this
You know five six thousand years ago right and who had no knowledge of science or any other damn thing no white rain didn't have any clue every time
It rained it was an active God God was crying God was pissed off God was
Having a risk breakdown God was peeing whatever was going on the nuns were bowling which is why you know is a thundering up
up on top there up in the heaven and
And all you have to do is read the first page and anybody with any kind of intelligence would take that book
And it would just smith can if they'd either burn it or they'd like tear it up or they'd
Stamp comedy book on a cover you know use it to roll joints like I did
We're all ruse it to use it to roll up a big fat one or maybe like just use it at the bottom of birdcage
Just rip out the pages was side by each John 316 smoked real good. Yeah
Anyway, here's the first pool today
If we find real evidence of life on Mars past or present which we with the water
It's pretty definite. It'll prove and I got five choices for you that all religions are man-made volshmit
That God gets around
That loose skywalkers alive on a red planet that we don't know Schmidt or a scientist are tools of the devil
Oh, I like that one Georgia that one on there. How could I forget?
So work at the devil
There's no such thing as all this billions of years old. It's just the work of the devil
It's really I think about it
I know that most of you won't because you're so incredibly brainwashed and you know and it makes you if it's a feel-good kind of thing
You know God does and God that and people don't really die
They go to that big place in the sky or God forbid the purgatory even God forbid even worse down to that place below
You know it burns and and that's why like I said yesterday the Europeans look upon Americans and their attitudes about religion with their
Agast
They just can't believe it. They look upon it with just the score and ridicule and amazement and they're scared crapless of it
Be afraid because we know that we got you know
We got the big bombs and we got some crazy people with their finger on it. Oh
And also an amazem be see this morning and I guess he doesn't want to be like that doctor and England
You know allegedly blew his brains out. No seriously. So you're right
I didn't hear the NPR thing yesterday. So you kind of caught me off guard on that but the fact is he's you know
What do you expect him to say?
He started out by saying why are very very clearly that the Bush administration misled the public and now he's saying oh the CIO is the president of apology
And everybody else too because they screwed up. Well, you know we between the lines
Plus let's say it again like that uranium from Niger that we knew was a lie a long time ago and in October of 2002
They told the president that yeah and the administration and it was a totally a bull crab
It was just fabricated horse crab and in 2003 in January the state of the Union address
He talks about you know uranium in Africa
It's oh guy
But it's just a long series of lies and there's some people that no matter what this president would say or any other
President because of their political stupidity they would believe the crap and that's the problem with Americans most of Martin
Tellgen off to think they're just it's the same with religion politics to them is just in their former religion. It's the same group
Well, I mean that's a part of it too, but I'm saying whatever their politics is it becomes kind of like a religion like this
Facts which I'll get to eventually
We got the Oscar nominations came out well since we've been doing movies mention that we got the first 31 votes from New Hampshire
Maybe all right they're coming in we're counting on here's our first call line 6 Q. I.m
Neil yes, sir
What happened to old old Dean there
What do you mean what happened to him he lost it? I think mentally he lost it
Are you picking on my good close friend doctor Dean?
He's gonna he's gonna cut your supply off man. He's cutting your pills off right now
You'll have to ask Wilma
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM. Let me tell you right now if you wake up in the morning you're not getting a good night sleep
You know what the problem probably is it's your mattress dummy. Remember that he didn't come run on it
It's the mattress dummy something like that you ran on the mattress
He has did a lot of things on it too anyway
If you'd like to get a good night sleep not just tonight
But for months and years to come you know what to do by now because I've been doing it myself for years called dial amatrus
You can't get a better deal all the way around because dial amatris has the top names in a business now
They're probably to have added stirons and foster to their already unbeatable strong championship lineup
Stirons and fosters the finest mattress made in the country now
You can sleep on one as soon as tonight if you make the call right now 1 800 mattress and of course dial amatris
Carey's all the other top names too. See Lee sir. The Simmons King Corlan those amazing tempered macros is too
Choose from dozens of models at low unbeatable everyday discount prices and still they keep doing it only dial amatris
Let's you choose Lee to our delivery window any day seven days a week that meets your schedule from eight in the morning all the way till 10 o'clock at night
They'll be there on time when you want them to and it they'll set up the brand new and take away the crappy old betting
So with low prices same day delivery free set up and removal
It's easy for anyone to see why dial amatris is the best in the world in customer satisfaction
Do the same thing that everybody if you am is doing all the smart folks are doing all over South Florida
Call 1 800 mattress to get you a great night sleep for a long time to come 1 800
M.A.T.T. R.E.S. or online. It's macros dot com or you're good. Wait a minute. You know what I had cute up. I'm
And I hate you. Huh? I know you
Sorry, Dr. Dean for real by city
In an effort to attract younger viewers
See span now offers a brand new reality show skydiving with Howard Dean join Howard Dean
It's he just across the United States jumping out over some of his favorite states
California Texas
San Dakota
And coming soon to Washington DC
It's skydiving with Howard Dean premiering this week on C-SPAN
I got another choice for our pool. How about it proves nothing?
Right if we find life on Mars. How's that okay? It'll prove nothing add that on there
Please Eric if you're listening if not that's okay. Go have another sandwich
They're now saying the you know these spin-meisters
They're saying that the Dean scream
actually
Has created a backlash because the media's played it so many times that now there are people are gonna vote for him
Just because they think it's like piling on you know. Yeah, so maybe a
Maybe screaming his way back into the race and again everybody forgets the fact if you think you can just kind of I know
It's not easy just be a little bit more objective and a little less emotional see that's a problem people get too emotional
And realize that he lost in Iowa badly now I realized I was hardly any example of the rest of the country
But certainly neither was New Hampshire. I mean Dicks notch
Make your part the name of that. Oh, Dicks. Well, whatever it's called Dicks dig any oh poor ball
You've seen Dicks not
No, I've seen Dicks crotch
Anyway, we get it back in that momentarily. We're gonna back to Dicks crotch in a minute
But but he lost badly in Iowa he was supposed to be the front-runner and you know and like everybody says
You can whip people up and get them all enthusiastic
But you see this traditionally to begin people have very short memories remember Paul Sangus rest in peace. Oh, God
Right another Joe Lieberman. Okay, I'm very
Remember half you can and he was just on this morning again, which we like him better than we used to even
He's pretty moderate compared to this crowd. Well, he's actually a conservative not a
Evil a real conservative not a neo-con Nazi right and a lot of other people who like had big and remember John McCain
Sure, so all these early caucuses and primaries these do caucuses
They don't always mean crap, but it's something to talk about. It's a lot of fun
This year it's a little bit more than fun. It's a little bit more serious than that when you all agree
You're more serious except those who don't care about it or rather her about the Oscar nominations. Okay
Announce this morning Lord of the Rings
Deletes all movies return to the king with 11 master and commander the first of the world got 10 now
You don't even know what that is no
Is Josh know what that is no master and commander the far side of the world
I think it has something to do with Uranus. I don't I never heard of that. I'm gonna. It's got look at our nominations
Well, somebody will know nominees for best picture here you go Lord of the Rings return to the king show me your thing
Washington translation
Master and commander the far side of the world there it is again mystic river and sea biscuit now that really makes me want to cry
And I'm sure many people did cry watching that movie it's one of those real tear jerkers
I guess nominees for best actor Johnny Depp for Pirates of the Caribbean curse of the black pearl
Ben Kingsley from the House of Sandin fog Jude Law cold mountain which not too many people in this crowd like cold mountain
And I got two votes for best of the last 13 years Jude Law I like him though
Bill Murray lost in translation and Sean Penn for mr. Griver who's one of the great underrated actors of our time is great
Yes, yes, and he's also become like a good political activist too as opposed to just the scumbag
The only reason he used to be a scumbag is because he was hanging out with Madonna
I was just gonna say and then of course is prerequisite if you're gonna hang out with Madonna
You got to be a scumbag because she rubs off on you. It's like if you hang out with J. Lo you got to be a fag
The nominees for best act well, it's true. Isn't it as puff daddy?
I don't know when they're bringing back Regis and who wants to be a multi-millionaire
You see that and a price is gonna be ten million now and then of course if that doesn't go over for ABC
It'll be a hundred million and then they're gonna give the whole goddamn network to see if they get some numbers
Maybe we ought to try it the nominees for best actors are Keisha castle who a Hughes for whale rider
Was that a movie about screw-in?
I saw that was it ain't good if you like
Wales little Maori girls from New Zealand
I'm gonna say whale movie. I'll stick with Moby Dick Diane Keaton something's got to give love Diane Keaton
She ain't no buster Keaton is she related to buster Keaton? Yes, really? Yes, and it until this moment and never even crossed my mind
And of course we love her from the godfather Diane Keaton
Remember that?
Well, I don't have anything that she sound have anything that she said that we have no quotes. We do
Samantha Morton for in America Charlize Theroux in which we love her or monster
She had the tearway blouse and they looked like they were trying to do it and Naomi watched from 21 grams
What is that about? I don't know sounds like a drug movie to me and anyway
Denomeness for best supporting actor Alex Baldwin the cooler Benicio del Toro 21 grams. Oh like I said
It sounds like what I'm
importing a lot of illegal drug stuff kind of stuff movies
G-mon Hunsu for in America Tim Robbins Mr. Griver and Ken Wanavi Abin and what time out what to nabi last Samu
I
nominees for best supporting actress and why are these all these names on here that nobody can pronounce even what's your name at bubble head on CNN this morning could pronounce him
Soley Dodd best nominees for supporting actress are sure hey
Ag dash Lou for Husse the San in Fog for Trisha Clarkson pieces of April
Marsha Gay Harden
Mr. Griver Holly Hunter for 13 and Renee Zellweger for Cold Mountain and the amount nominees for best director our Fernando
Marelle's for City of God Peter Jackson who needs to get a better tailor
Yeah, no barberslabs. He was he's a slab man. Oh, man. I mean Michael Moore can be a slab because we like him
You know but Peter Jackson in the middle of all those really well dressed to the you know, I mean and you come out like a
Slab like that that's he doesn't look her Lord of the Rings returned the King Sophia Coppola and I want to correct myself
Yes, they I said she didn't win she did win two
Whatever no golden globes
She didn't win when I saw whatever that one was for but you won two of them one for best a nose
Best comedy and best screenplay, okay? Are we correct now?
Sophia Coppola lost in translation Peter. We're mastering commander the far side of the world
Which we're still trying to figure out to Russell Crowe movie about
Fighting Napoleon on the ocean who told you that I've just looked it up
Oh and Clint Eastwood from Mr. Griver and how all of a sudden after all these years Clint Eastwood spoke very clearly
And it was very articulate the other night. What's that all about? I don't know
always sounded like really incoherent maybe maybe rushed to his supplier something and
Let's see if there anything else that we need to know
Oh
There's also a honorary Oscar career achievement director Blake Edwards whose films include breakfast activities Victor Victoria days of
Swine and roses and the pink Panther I will get an honorary Oscar for career achievement Academy Awards
February 29th and the Kodak Theater Hollywood, California Billy Crystal returns his host of the show
Nobody don't like Billy Crystal right right
He hesitated a little bit there. I was belching. You know anybody who doesn't like Billy Crystal
No, I don't because if we find somebody who don't like Billy Crystal
We're gonna shoot them right through the heart. Well, they wouldn't have what he never stole it for okay decision day
New Hampshire are you pumped up about the a primary something to get excited about sink your teeth into right?
Cross keep in mind that there gonna be a lot of independence and Republicans voting to screw it up as best they can right because
Anybody in New Hampshire who's a registered voter can vote party crashers
What's I think is a croc a crap my show?
Well, what's the point of having a democratic primary to decide who you're gonna run for president and having a bunch of Republicans
Getting stick in their finger in there probably trying to vote for whoever the things gonna be the easiest for Bush to beat sink
Go to all the rest of it. That's what I would do if I were a Republican in New Hampshire
I do go out there voting for like Julie Lieberman like you said about the national primaries and the electoral college
This is all a part of it although, you know, I may be rethinking that you want to know why why I'm not saying that we ought to have like this long
Process that goes on for months, but maybe like regional primaries over a period of a couple of months because this
This system that we have now at least allows people to see the candidates under fire and to examine their pimples and warts
You know what I'm saying want one up put them under fire and then have a national primary
Yeah, a series of debates and then I'll examine their mental
capacity and how they stand up under the stress of campaigning and it tends to like
Examinal the more hogly their wife is
She is taught me sky would be to say that would be an insult to all the misguides of the world, you know
Seriously, she has gruesome. How do you spell that?
Bug off 85 votes on our Martian pool
If we find real evidence of life on Mars pastor present it will prove that all religions are man made bullshit 36 out of 85 votes
Then we don't know Schmidt 21 scientists are the tools of the devil 12
I love it makes you want a screen
That God gets around eight remember that beat boy song he wrote it
Nothing it proves nothing seven and Luke Skywalker is alive on a red planet one and he smashed up his vet
You see that the remains of that vet. No
That was one the pictures we got back it was a candy apple right. That's why the whole surface was red
Yeah, I'm getting some good
light yellow though. Oh, I guess I guess once the dark wing is gone. That's the end of right starts
It starts clearing up it starts lightning up a little bit
27 past 10 if you'd like to lighten up a little bit. How about balance for life? Boy, what a segway. I was that pretty good or what?
If you're tired of all these other diets like the South Beach diet was just a rip off of the Actions and
All the other things that you have to worry about what you shop for much eat in a restaurant
Here's the easy way to do it call our good friends at balance for life because they take away all the guesswork all the ishlup and in chopping
No calorie counting no carbohydrate counting no figuring about that complicated zone diet
They do all of that work for you. It's based on the glycemic value of carbs in the your food and they put together
Delicious fresh meals and they put them in little black sack that deliver right to your door by six every morning in your black sack
Is playing delicious fresh food to keep you happy all day long?
You won't have to like be eaten in between meals and cheating because like I said you'll be a happy camper
You get to choose what you're going to get in that sack too
Because every week they send you menu you fax it back you have two choices for each meal every day to try on a balance for life program
The lovely Katrina's lost 17 pounds. She's loving it. She's doing it very enthusiastically
And you will too because unlike these other diets, you know, we have to figure out what am I going to buy?
What am I going to eat? They do all the figuring for you call balance for life right now make your
New Year's resolution come through this year call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 30
2 29 or check them on the world wide wicked web at balance for life.com
In theaters now lord of the onion rings your of that idiot give us some food. I'm on food
Cheeseburger's pizza onion rings
These burgers are a dangerous mix. Stopping onions can be a charm. He's fat and stupid. I'm a fat shit up fat boy.
Lord of the onion rings. Good friend is morbidly obese.
Sam dude I'm here. I want to gain so much weight Richard.
Simmons comes to my front door. Can I can I show you a little magic?
You're a big action.
Just a little more. We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico.
We're going to California and Texas and New York and we're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan
And then we're going to Washington DC to take back the White House.
You're right there. Come on 10 32 at 5 60 W.A.M. US spending surges to historic level somebody just thanks this in.
Good point in here. This is from the Christian science monitor about how the Bush administration and Congress are spending money like drunk and sailors now and just
Ring off these gigantic unbelievable budget deficits.
There's an interesting line in here the Republican Party is simply not interested in small government now says Brian Reedle a budget analyst of the Heritage Foundation a conservative thing tank to say they released a right wing extremist group.
It says they're worse than the Democrats they replaced. How do you like that? Wow.
So all of these people who's holding the big thing one of their big things over the years besides hating facts and Jews is been you know fiscal restraint and that the Democrats are the big spenders and all this other crap.
Not actually. Not any more.
Paul say Massachusetts center John Kerry's in front but now we actually have some votes to count you ready 31 votes.
Okay. Guess who's leading already told you. Yeah.
General Clark is in the lead.
We've got the votes from the tiny towns of Vicksville notch and hearts location New Hampshire where midnight voting is the tradition.
They open up the polls there in midnight and a bunch of stragglers come in. Drunks.
It's not like anywhere else in the nation not really it says in Dixville notch each of the 23 registered voters has his or her own voting booth and extravagance that down does not as it hangs on to its status for 40 years of being the first of the nation to report primary results.
Not exciting. All right. Well what else are they going to do? They got to do something.
Yeah. Clark was the only one that made your candidates to visit Dixville notch at hearts location both known for their own take on things and obviously paid big dividends because.
The results from both towns early they show 14 votes for general Clark eight for John Kerry for for governor Howard Dean.
For for Senator Edwards and one for Connecticut Senator Jew Lieberman.
He's off to a slow start as expected. He's only got one thing.
So there your first tabulation that is pretty damn exciting the polls there those stay open to late o'clock tonight.
Now what's the deal are they going to do the exit polling or what you know they're gonna not on a meme net.
But are they going to report it earlier they're going to let all have the suspense kicking in. I don't know because I have a feeling it like five seconds past eight they're going to come on breathlessly and they're going to go out but I'm
open here's how came out. I think there's a few people paying attention Howard Dean by the way is pissed off.
Lashes out at a cyber smear campaign or what he calls it anyways is the New York Post today.
Former governor Howard Dean charged yesterday that on named opponents that on least a war of dirty tricks to try to stop him including a forged anti gay
e-mail Dean aides released 18 pages of documents they said proved an organized attempt to discredit the ex from on governor turn off his supporters the day before the primary vote
here Dean refused to say who we thought was behind the smear it's really unfortunate to have these kinds of politics but I don't know what this
point where it's coming from he said the dirty tricks include a bogus email that appears as if it were from Joe trippy whose Dean's
campaign manager the email encourages people to apply for an internship with a campaign but warns that gays should not apply.
How do you like that he says I think the campaigns that are doing it ought to stop.
Carry spokeswoman Stephanie Carter denied that the carry campaign was involved these are the same rumors that Howard Dean in his
campaign spread before Iowa she said that somebody was trying to smear them you know.
Didn't work didn't work Iowa so anywhere let's get to this fact shall we okay this probably won't take more than two three hours.
First house that first pull coming along something to really think about even though most of you won't because it's much more comfortable to sit back and accept all the brainwashing from your youth just like Santa Claus in the
tooth fairy oh yeah that makes me more comfortable and he'll make me uncomfortable when he talks about this crap yeah I mean how the hell can you expect to change
anything in a world not that this show is going to do it we're here by the way for entertainment purposes only please for this person this
unknown person who's actually get to but I mean Jesus use your brain a little bit once in a while can you no hundred and
thirty four votes if we find real evidence of life on Mars pastor president will prove that all religions are man made
volshmit fifty five that's forty one percent out of one thirty four forty one percent that we don't know
Schmidt thirty five so between those two you got like sixty seven percent two turrets it'll prove nothing sixteen that
scientists are the tools of the devil fifteen eleven percent maybe they're just having a good time
uh... god gets around eleven and why the hell not maybe he's tired of us and looks guy walkers alive and well on the red planet a pair
for Luke a pair of beautiful uh... six generation corvettes you're going to get one oh yeah I'm not anyway here's a facts with all the respect
and I sense and I'm not going to be this whole thing it's too long and I sincerely mean that even though I didn't sign this
facts it's not right I think you have the howardine thing all wrong
I see was a radio savant as opposed to idiots of on but you're not analyzing the dean think correctly I think Georgia
greasily say always have to like stick you in there is kind of a book me in there yeah quite frankly I don't really care what
the Georgia Greas with you are not or with me or anybody else he's in title is opinion the least
electable of the four finalists is one john carry not howardino I'm pretty sure is the most
electable well I'm delighted that this unnamed facturism as most sure to them make you feel better sure
why not allow me to explain john carry the traditional old style northeastern liberal I love that word but you know it doesn't play
right now because it's been savage that they love to run against like john Kennedy they're going to say he's too
a loop he's a so boring he's so French looking what about that hair he's far more susceptible to the mighty
warlitzer whatever the hell what does that mean I don't know I don't either anyway goes on and goes on
about dean gave it tremendous speech and he saw him on c-span Saturday night and the first time I ever saw him
other than the sound bite I was jumping out of my chair he delivered in strong measured tones no shouting no scream
and the crowd was going nuts and it wasn't just his crowd it was speaking at a democratic dinner you know this is all
well and good this is all well and good but that doesn't make him electable the fact that somebody gets you all fired up
and the whipped up into a frenzy doesn't Michael Moore could do the same I love Michael Moore I don't dislike how
we're dean I don't think he's even close to being electable anyway it goes on and here's what I love it says here's
where I'm going to get in trouble with you and you're right you who hate the modern media so much fall right in line
with their way of thinking instead of sticking it up there ask why his speech was outrageous that's what it says why his
speech was outrageous how can we trust this man with his finger on the button give me an effing break a few can break it was a
god damn pepperally I'm going to give you a website you can go to so you can watch it in real time like I need to see it again
many rights on the side of the page he adds on to this I feel like I'm listening to rush or or
or Tim Russell to Wolf Blitzkrieg not Neil God as if as if somehow I can be pigeon holder or cornhold into a
position just because of the fact that I'm to the left of it till the behind and I'm totally
historically opposed to these Nazis that have taken over the country by hook and by crooks you know so
therefore I'm predictable I don't want to be predictable I want to give you the opinions the way I see it not
because see this is why that old fashioned talk radio went down the tubes went down a crapper because
number one it's boring and number two it's so predictable you know just like that can try
controversy with Mr. Ego the left against the right the right against the left you know it's what's boring
and if you're not thinking enough of a person to be able to analyze things individually on their own
merit then you shouldn't be sending me unsigned factors in the first place whoever the hell you are
but thank you so much for your unsolicited advice and it's in the circular file already thank you
he ain't elective a locate that's my opinion I could be wrong and if he wins the nomination I sure hope I'm wrong
and I'll vote from 30 40 times 40 50 times but I don't think he can win it I mean he see when you
give the opposition whether it's your own party or in November when you give the opposition enough
rope to hang you 45 times it's probably not a very good idea catch my drift no what are you saying
I'll catch it I'll swing it in your direction 20 to 11 at 560 QA
if you're taking your vacation in the Middle East this summer don't miss the new Iranian
amusement park six turbines over Tehran at six turbines you can go on a full scale Iraq attack
so through a sky jet or ride the IOTOla the 200 mile an hour roller coaster that changes directions for no
apparent reason test your terrorism skills on the midway blow up an actual bus full of people at grenade
long visit the graduation station and whack yourself on the head 12 times for just a
month and tap your toes to the gyms of third-world country music biggest stars like
home in the parallel and see if you're appetite for the school sound rusty try it on a
bagel get ready for four hundred forty four days of brills and kills visit six
turbines over Tehran it'll scare a sea eye down amen ten forty five we're going to change
a pool at eleven o'clock I think we're going to get enough uh we'll have the data that we need
from this first one in the first hour eight don't you think sure one uh I mean it's not like
uh they're really gonna think about this very much are they no because nobody nobody in the media is
going to present this question and make them uh the public ponder this you're funny I mean that
would be bad that would be like uh just unacceptable bold and brave and some of the sponsors might
get pissed off and canceled because you can't challenge God you can't challenge mainstream religion
now they're smart to wear in uh well I don't want to get into it see it's all about headgear
like I told you before yeah the battle of the headgear hundred eighty two votes if we find
evidence of life on Mars past or present it'll prove that all religions are man made both
submit seventy one thirty nine percent oh there's a line of tape he's out look out now
that we don't know Schmidt forty five nothing it'll prove nothing twenty nine well I mean how can
you I mean I put that on there because I knew some people would believe that maybe that's their
way of making themselves feel more comfortable well what is that prove maybe maybe there's a separate
god for Mars yeah right or maybe there's a separate bible for Mars right well what's that
pitch maybe I like that better I mean don't we have the greater light to rule the day and the
lesser light to rule the night right God gets around seventeen scientists are the tools of the
devil 17 whoever and those people who say that are very concerned about those tools especially
other people's tools are devilish and Luke Skywalker is still alive on a red planet three out of
hundred eight two votes so eleven o'clock will change and we'll do what we do on primary day now
the Florida primary is not so March 9th the presidential preference primary the sexual preference
primary on March 9th so we got a long way to go we can have a lot of fun between now and
end up getting people all bent out of shape like that faxier anonymous what's your choice in the
new hamptious primary today who you yankin at four okay Dean Kerry Edwards Clark Kusinich
Lieberman Sharpton I don't care I'm for Bush or I don't care it's all Bolshevik I think I covered
all the bases there very nicely right is it got to leave anything out uh Linda LaRouche
Lyndon Johnson got him all in there Dean Kerry Edwards Clark Kusinich Lieberman Sharpton you know
they they talked to one of the new hamps your people how many people in New Hampshire
five thirty man they talked to one on the street yesterday and the guy said you know he said I
really love Kusinich and I think he's by far in a way the best candidate makes the most sense
and he says all the things I agree with and he said you're gonna vote for him and he said no he
has got any chance to win and that that that sums him up very well he didn't mention the bad
hairpiece I think it was trying to be kind only bastards like me and you talk about bad hairpieces
absolutely or good ones let's say here you go here's the facts it says signs of the times is
if pro is the opposite of con and what is the opposite of progress congress a couple of these are
cute wow why did you face this to me couple of you beauty is only a light switch away that's what
Sophia Coppola says and also a Judy Dean Dr. Judy Dean says that she has a shame to put him
fighting no she does not fighting for peace is if like see this isn't even written right in your
faxons is like screwing for virginity that's not bad if voting could really change things it
would be illegal and my personal favorites as this factor a woman's rule of thumb if if it has
tires or testicles you're gonna have trouble with it that's kind of cute five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line it's been so many years since we had
any of those good religions call in and get explained to us about how all these ignorant people
wrote that crap that they're using the Christians based their whole lives on and are killing each
other over every day I don't I don't see anybody calling into explain it to me five six seven oh five
sixty because we're not building a list you see any of these polls so I got a whole stack full
of stuff here today it might be one of those reading days you know my voice is back for some
strange reason yesterday and today the first fifteen twenty minutes I got I guess all that
flim is like coming out yeah like puking it out I go through a big shower perge every morning when
I'm feeling like this what does that mean I like that's I make it a concerted effort to get all the
flim out while I'm in there with the hot waiting shower well I hate to break the news to you but like
my mother would say sometimes it doesn't all come out oh no I know say no it doesn't it doesn't
work on command I can all day long sometimes wq I am uh yes uh this is uh near Rogers on the air right
yes all right I don't want to talk to anything but I just wanted to explain to him the title 51 grams
yes that's the amount of weight 21 21 grams what is it is it 51 or what is it 21 21 it's the amount of
weight lost at the time of death that's what it means oh is that what that's about that's the
loss of body weight at the moment of death well now we know thanks okay on have a great day
on how do you like that I know is that until the
huh 567 05 60 no no now we know what that was because it was kind of estranged in the amount of
weight lost at the time of death is that because you come out and stop turning man oh judge
challenges the paper that you saw that I'm sure no did not see that no tell us about news
besides those three more dead american soldiers in the rack that nobody wants to talk about see
this I don't want to get modeling here because we're an entertainment show we're supposed to be
yucking it up but I don't I don't get you people I don't understand how many what is the is there
a magic number that we have to reach before the public has started saying you know uh this is
starting to piss me off a little bit you know it's starting to frost my ass they'll get stuck in
and sacrifice one at a time just like in Vietnam and now the media so blasé about well three more
here and then over the weekend five over there and two or three over here and uh it's just like
we accept this crap like this makes some sense like there's some and then they're talking about
well you know wouldn't be surprised anybody even david case said this uh in his who's now
backtracking because he doesn't want to bullet in the head even david case said the other day
that it wouldn't surprise him at all if there's a wild civil war in Iraq before this is all over
no you see that there's massive unrest you've got all these crazy religious sects and it may
just be that democracy ain't gonna work over there you catch my drift huh that we really want
democracy anyway but it sounds good anyway a federal judge is declared unconscious
substitutional apportion of the USA Patriot Act that bars giving expert advice or assistance
to groups designated foreign terrorist organizations he said the only person who can call himself a
member of an organization is a hockey player the ruling marks the first court decision to declare
part of the post-9-11 anti-terrorism statute on constitutional said david kool adjords time
university law professor who argued the case in behalf of the humanitarian law project and
the ruling handed down late Friday made available yesterday US district judge augurie collins said
the ban on providing expert advice or assistance is impermissively vague in violation of the first
and fifth amendments the ruling is a setback for the government but it's a problem that congress
can fix by simply be vising the patriotic to make more clear what is permissible expert advice
and what is not and truthfully this is precisely the sort of problem should have been flagged by
lawyers before the act was passed and signed in law said CBS news legal analyst Andrew Cohen
good Jewish boy oh John Tyler I'll remember him typically can you and Tyler too sure I voted for him
of the justice department attorney argued the case had no comment referred cost of the department
press office in washington so least they're starting to like a little little tiny bits a little
bit here a little bit there as we try desperately to hang on to a little bit of democracy here but I
thought most of it works forning to a rack that's why we can't have it in both places at the same
time can you know see that's the problem who's turned is it to have it should we put that on the
on a poll at least on a ballot when you go to vote this November in the presidential election
should we keep democracy in america or what's left of it or should we export all of it to a rack
you can't have both if we find real evidence of life on Mars pastor president it'll prove
213 votes 83 of you say that all religions are man-made bullshit 38.9 percent which of course
is the correct answer that we don't know shmit 53 it'll prove nothing 37 that god gets around
19 I wonder if god drives a corvette you think I guess god drives whatever he wants to on whatever
day he feels like it right cattle like I would imagine a big old errone right how big a big
big civile how about it's big yellow civils like that pimple wheel that Stanley Cohen had to
drive a w i n z p green scientists are the tools of the devil 18 8.1 percent of you say that
and luke skywalker is alive on a red planet say four out of 221 vote
w q i m hello good morning real yes sir i want to talk about the male Gibson issue
so meld it's a reverend john's the most the movie is reverend john's you know that nut
reverend john's yes reverend john's five six seven oh five sixty pound there's not one call on the
board so you're not building a list that's okay i like hearing from erven joe's even though you
hear him like poison he muses me on occasion like today he was good wasn't he no why do you say that
you're a hard-ass man you're right why have i eaten gravel loving hard-ass thick what's your point
wouldn't surprise me if you look with the body of cilia crews
ah i mean what could you do to her worst than what you've already done to poor cilia i can think
of some things hey cilia i'd like to see you in a box in a cryptic fashion what was that oh my god
can you still hear me yeah that was a scary sound in pot wow the power i think i think we got problems
oh i know i because the backup power just came on all the way everything else is on but my tv
went out i think the cable went out let me just see let me see if my cable's going to come back on
my tv is on which i guess most people are left i think we got service baby so you better get prepared
to do the rest of the cause this only lasts a half an hour oh how can that be because my lights
are on what what just happened there i guess a glitch you hear that baby deepened right so i guess
the deal is everything else is plugged in the auxiliary powers they say right but not this lamp this
lamp can possibly be the other light oh the other lights are in here off so evidently we're having
like a power failure here in teo oh no oh yes talk so that means like in about 25 minutes it's
going to be bye bye bye won't that be great no you're gonna get yours today folks you hear the
beeping hey i do can you hear it in the background i love that that's like the sign from the red planet
i think i put it in front so keep a keep your eye on the on the clock on the wall okay because i
would say about like ten uh twenty maybe ten twenty five that's when i'm gonna lose the power
because this is only a half hour backup thing and then it's gonna be out and at that point you'll
be having a great time great but hey listen almost half the show that wouldn't be too bad right
listen music then i can go uh have some nice tea nice cup of tea relax it back listen to you
struggling through the show i mean having a good time you got the second pull that's gonna go up
turn them in anyway well more what's not to like i will scrap it and build something that was
amazing the way that just all went out like that just uh how come this lamp though is still on there's
one lamp that's on and it's not plugged in the uh i don't get that maybe the power is actually back on
no it's not i hate to break the news do you know that sounds like wishful thinking on your part
but see as long as that thing keeps beeping that means that the emergency power is on a backup supply
and it means you're scared like trust me necessarily ten fifty six if qa and we're out of business
we're gonna get bricky a blow and now a word from Howard Dean's wife
hi hello there hand-dacked of julice steinberg quiet but presidential candidate Howard Dean
you can call me judy not judge judy that's a different miscut people want to know why i'm hardly
ever on campaign trail with howie hey did you get a good look at me in Iowa i scared a crap out
of myself i make frown for this and i look like a shena poonum stop me if i'm bombarding you with too
much yiddish anyway how he says after i showed up his numbers drop it no i say that's a bunch of
mischegas for those of you who don't take a piece the yiddish that means crap how is a good guy
though he's what you might call a loose cannon he's got a pretty bad temper on him i remember one
time one of our kids left a cap off of the toothpaste i thought he was gonna blow a gasket
the veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth
the vent masuga i spent 23 years with the shagids most of the time he's a manch but on occasion i
hate him i think my husband howie would make for a very good president one of the things i'm a
little p old about is that how he doesn't let us have a tv i want to watch sex in the city i
get a schlep down to campaign headquarters or to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white
set i have never seen any program in color so i know jackie kennedy tell if you look at me i'm
no Ted kennedy i don't wear makeup i'm like a whisker away from being amish don't expect to see
much more of me during the campaign the only reason i'm addressing you today is because i was
able to chew through my restraints anyway gazagas that's here this for dr judy stangberg over and
paid for by the committee to elect john kerry president okay eleven all one i better talk fast
huh because it about eleven twenty it's going to be bye bye unless the power comes back on now
and this could be a bullet and we can be breaking the news all across america right now what's that you
want to know why why remember last august yeah when the power went out all over the northeast including
here well guess what i'm looking out my window is the traffic light working no no i'm looking at
buildings across the street uh... any uh... signs on no any electricity over there no this could
be another massive power black out in a whole northeast i'm just i'm maybe not maybe just here in
terranau i don't know it's the winter because there are massive storms we got snow up the ass here in
yorker expecting ten to twelve inches in some snow tonight too so this could be another like uh... who
knows i don't want to get people nervous or anything like that the only problem with that is boys
this is going to be boring or what i might have to have two big pots of pasta today you know i mean
because there's no tv right
yeah i'm out today was going to be today was going to watch south park the movie
odd them it
dammit let me ask you a question yes do you have non-electric heat backup kind of a thing yes i like a
kerosene thing or something the heat will not go off here all right they have like uh... generators
in my building i see so there's like lights in the hall that stay on like but not inside the
apartments but the heat will stay on in the building you're gonna freeze i'm not not gonna freeze don't
you understand it got generators thank the lord okay thank god you go right the lord is looking
over my ass and he doesn't like what he sees either not a pretty side so what uh... geyser
has to do is like if we want when we will go off i mean it's not a question of if it's just a
question of when yeah because this thing only last about a half an hour uh... hell i just have to
keep it in q and if by some miracle the power comes back on i'll keep the car rushing in here say
hey guess what here i am and then you need to give it back to me or if you're having such a good time
you can get one will keep the pie thick this is has this ever happened before no no
but now could you actually hear when they were like when i giant sucking sound when the power went out
it was a big uh pop sound yeah big like that just like that yeah and you hear the sirens out
there now oh look at that there's a red flash and lights pretty red lights and everybody is peeing
in their pants now maybe just maybe there was an accident you see what i'm saying and maybe
see me like knockdowns in power lines you think that's plausible yeah let's fantasize it's
possible because i mean the snow the snow and ice and it's nasty and brutal and things like that
but on the other hand it could be another one of them roundouts oh no
we better take couple of calls here real quick before we lose the power w and q and hello
yeah yes sir oh hey please don't go anywhere we hate George like poison do you
it's right if i do the rest of the show on the phone how would that be
oh that would be awesome man okay well give it some considerations sir i got myself phone yeah
how would that be that would sound terrible wouldn't it yeah so we try
go for it how about if i call let me uh during the break what i'm gonna do because we'll still be
on after this next break what i'll do is go on the other one grab my cell phone and then i'll call
on a bat line and then you can punch it up all right and we can can fabulate on a bat line
sounds fun well no i don't we don't know if it sounds fine or not panel wants extension on report
i just want to get some of these things in here because you know i'm gonna be gone oh i sure hope
it's not one of those 24 hour or 48 hour brownouts and blackouts i don't want to be doing it
especially i mean in this weather at least obvious you can go walking outside walking
milling around seeing all the people you know nobody getting a frantic here anything like that
but now i mean you don't want to go outside even with the electric on it's bad i think it's
an act of god myself yeah he's pissed off at that first question on our pool here's the second one
now who's your choice the new hamster primary today it's very very important isn't it 22 votes
i don't care it's all bullshit seven there you go it's all bullshit
carry six i don't care i'm for bush three kusinich two Clark two edwards one dean one
Lieberman none in sharp enough now how is that possible you think the dean people have left me
is that what it is i don't know i i think that could be i think the dean supporters have gotten
pissed off at me now because i've been playing that stuff and of course everybody else has been
playing it too and it just depend my ass oh gee you're not being fair to dr dean i don't know
because how could he have only one out of the first 22 votes unless unless the audience agrees
with me George then maybe he just is unelectable at this point and why waste of time you know we like
them a lot audience will agree with you no matter what that's not true that is not true that's
bull crab like on the movies magnolia got eight eight votes music and movies they know your taste
the score that that's not true other than that they'll agree music yet movies know thank god for
this one little clock over here and i guess i got my watch oh my watch went out uh oh
yeah
WQAM hello yes that's an idea for future poll yes sir it's a yes or no answer okay do you happen
to have an extra horrendous horror story to share about primarica financial services yeah thank you
i love that that made it be the best call the year still january
that was cool obviously the guys pissed off and farted out right well good for him
The nice shot pal, I keep it up.
B.S.
72 a.m.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm going to go.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going?
It's going okay.
Wish the lights would come back on though.
No, I was going to thank you, man, because there's something that people don't notice, man,
is that you're hell of an American because you always bring the politics of what's going
on.
And you're always mentioning our troops, which people don't do that.
Yeah.
So, I guess most people figure the troops are disposable or something.
I don't know.
Dispensable, whatever.
It's so sad, you know, because the truth is, you know, you turn to your left because
I was in the military.
You turn to your left and the guy's just as funny as you are.
And then you turn to the right, the guy's just a better friend.
And then, to know these people are going down.
And Bush won't even stick his head on a camera and say, yeah, so and so died.
It's so sad, you know.
Fragile.
He won't even go to the funerals.
Yeah.
Take care.
Okay, you two, pal.
Well, there's somebody of military guy, which we thank him for his service.
And, you know, see, the Bushmaster plays the good game.
He plays amateur soldier, even, of course, who was a wall.
But the fact of the matter is that he doesn't give a flying crap.
That's why the veterans' benefits are being cut and veterans who are coming back alive.
And I wouldn't want to say one piece, but most of one piece from Iraq, they're having
a hell of a time, you know, collecting their benefits because this government wants
to screw over all of veterans.
Everybody just use you.
Use you, abuse you, and then discard you.
So that the big tell people all his other good friends in big business, Halibut and all
these folks can make the big billions of dollars.
That's why the whole Mars thing is going down because number one looks very presidential.
Looks like we've got that vision thing that his father liked, you know, he didn't have
that vision thing.
Who's your choice in New Hampshire's primary today?
Here we go.
Now we're off to other races.
48 votes.
Carry 15.
I don't care.
It's all Bulschmit 10.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush 6.
Who said it's for Clark 4?
Dean.
Oh, I just changed again.
Damn it.
Don't you hate that?
He's 78 votes.
Carry 24.
I don't care.
It's all Bulschmit 13.
Dean 12.
See the Dean people are coming in now.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush 9.
Clark 6 and word 6.
Sharpton 4.
Crosonets 4 and Julie Berman is God.
Oh.
I love it.
None.
Boy, talk about a shame to put him.
He sure don't have one.
This clown.
He could be.
He could be.
He could be.
He could be.
Bining clown.
An independent commission investigating that I'd love an attack say it can't finish its
final report before late July.
Putting it in odds with house leaders who oppositely they would push the reports released
close to the November election.
The ten member of Wyoming, you talk about playing politics with Americans' lives and
with lives of people all over the world.
This is such a disgrace, man.
You Bush people.
You ought to like hide your heads and you ought to go into that spider hole where Sodom
was hiding.
The ten member bipartisan National Commission on Terrorist attacks upon the US.
Agreed yesterday to request an extension from Congress of at least two months past
the May 27 deadline, even though the Bush administration and congressional leaders suggested
the delay was unlikely.
Now why should there be any deadline on this, right?
Right.
I mean if we really, if our goal really is to get to the bottom of the matter and get and
find the facts and the truth and get to the American public and the rest of the world,
why should there be any deadline on something of this earthshaking importance?
Should there be a deadline?
No.
Shut up.
God damn it.
Yeah, that's right.
Making too much sense now.
Well, this is, let me say it again.
We got about ten minutes to go in and I'll try the thing with the phone during the break.
Shall I do that?
Yeah.
We'll give it a shot.
Ten minutes after 11 at 560 WQM, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted
points.
Get yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are a mere $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $668 a month.
And don't forget, once you be financed or get you a new mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call toll free to get all the facts on this.
Call 1-800-940-Lind.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property without any
further cost or expense.
You can't beat it.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing costs even when you move to
another property.
Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25%.
The only one mortgage from financial group for details called 1-800-940-Lind.
That's 1-800-940-LND and never pay closing costs again.
Financial group 1-800-940-Lind of an equal housing lender, restrictions apply, rates
and subjects have changed monthly 4.21 APR.
My, my, and local.
Here's sports video, 5CCC-8C-8C-8C-8C-8AM.
Do you have a green card?
No.
Do you have working papers?
No.
Do you have a visa?
No.
Driver's license?
No.
Social security card?
No.
Library card?
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
Be pass.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
No.
Be pass.
I'll fax that.
I know what it is.
I'm not a wrong number.
Maybe that's intentional.
Maybe I don't want to do the rest of the show on the phone.
I don't want to do the rest of the show on the phone.
That's it.
I was down on one of the digits.
Did you make any difference?
No.
It shouldn't.
But it does.
Okay.
It should be bringing in any second.
I'll give it a try.
I just figured out.
I'm a genius.
Then if I would plug my TV into the power supply.
I could see what the hell is going on.
I don't have it plugged in.
That's why I knew everything went out.
It was when the TV went out.
QA and the Roger show.
Oh, there you go.
All right.
How about that sound?
Double click.
Double click.
It sounds like a mic on.
It doesn't sound good.
No, it doesn't sound like you have the mic on.
But it works.
I don't.
I turned it off.
Right.
We don't want to do the rest of the show like this.
It's a little bit of an echo.
Is there a good echo?
Yeah.
It's a good echo.
Hello.
Hello.
That echo.
Come and save us.
Us.
Us.
Okay.
I'll just put that down.
Yeah.
I'll just hang it up.
Get that.
Yeah.
Hang it up.
You want to put it on hold?
Ah, damn it too late.
If in the one the power should go out.
Well, no, not if.
Really?
What do you mean, really?
Why are you asking me that?
Do you think the power came back on?
Oh, you are a real comedian, man.
Don't you think I would have told you?
Of course you'll never know.
Right.
Guess what folks?
This could be a great scam for future notice.
Oh, I can't do the rest of the show, folks.
The power just went out.
I wouldn't do that though, because what else am I going to do?
It's going to be boring as well.
I'm going to go back to sleep.
I'm looking on the Toronto Star website here.
I don't see anything on here yet.
What should I be looking on?
Like on the AP wire?
Now, I'll turn on the CNN.
Are they seeing it?
Yeah.
The power outage?
Looking at the crawl.
No, no, no, no, no.
Really?
No.
So maybe it's just like a neighborhood thing.
Maybe there's like a telephone line down or something like that.
And maybe in just a matter of minutes, it'll be back on.
Maybe something that's holding.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm telling you, there's the...
So in other words, my building is controlling the traffic lights outside, maybe.
And all the buildings across the street.
I don't know how you do it in Toronto.
Trust me.
WDQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Okay?
All right.
Am I on there?
It sounds just like you to me.
All right.
Hey, I was just listening to...
It's on the station there, saying that Giuliani is going to be on the ticket instead of
the ticket.
I think that's pretty crazy.
But I want to see you take out.
I think it makes absolutely no difference.
I think it's just would be a desperate attempt to salvage a dying ship.
What's Giuliani got to do with anything?
In fact, you know, why do people outside of New York really care about Giuliani?
Well, in addition to it's bushes and going to win New York anyway.
So how is that going to change anything?
It's great.
Okay.
Well, thanks for the good news, Pally.
All right.
I'm going to have a great day.
You care about that Rudy Giuliani?
No.
No.
We don't care.
But thanks for the info.
Who's your choice in the New Hampshire primary today?
We got 125 votes, which is all about more than Bixville notch.
Carry 37.
Effecting with stuff.
I think the fact that it's beeping frantically like that now.
Yeah.
I'm here.
I was taking a swing.
Oh, don't do that.
Don't do that because it's going to be any minute now.
The fact that it's beeping like that frantically means it's on a way out.
That power supply.
Doesn't that the way that thing works?
I think that's how it works.
So any second you're going to hear like that.
Just like that.
125 votes.
Carry 37.
Dean 17.
I don't care.
It's all Bolshevik 16.
I don't care I'm from Bush 15.
Edwards 15.
Clark 11.
Who's Sinage 8.
Dammit.
Sharp then 6.
And Lieberman's still out of 132 votes.
He's got the big nobody in this audience.
I guess the Orthodox Jews hate us.
They hate me like poison.
Too bad.
Toxel Hoys.
Now you do know how I'm going to know when this thing is finished?
How are you going to know when that thing's finished?
Because the lights are going to go out.
The computer is going to go dark.
And everything is going to be sitting in the dark.
Yeah.
Looking out the window.
I see some lights.
Uh oh.
The only problem is they're on cars.
And there it goes.
Just like that.
So what do we do now, Josh?
I don't know.
What do we do?
Keep the pot on.
No, keep the pot high.
See, the timing's perfect.
Our lunch just showed up.
Here we were starving the whole day long.
Like we got in here starving.
Normally you bring in your egg-mick-nothing or something.
Something.
And uh, nothing today.
We spent the whole earlier part of the show.
This is what's going on off the air.
The audience loves the out-the air stuff.
We calling everyone in the building finally found Scott.
Good old, uh, faithful Scott.
And got our food just in time for the power to go out.
So just in time to take one mouthful of a chicken strip from KFC
across the street.
Uh, just in time for the power to go out.
So this is great.
Look, we got Neil on the hotline.
QA, I'm Neil Rogers show.
This could be more fun than we've ever had.
But you can't play any drops though.
I can't do anything.
Right.
But you can talk.
Everything I'm sitting in the dark.
And reek.
We'll walk over the window.
You can read.
No, I got enough light in here.
I can see my watch that's the only clock I got.
It's 1121, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Right on.
But I can't see the pole.
No, I got my spot.
You don't think I should do the spots on the phone like this to me?
Oh, yeah, absolutely better.
Would it be better?
You have to.
We don't have anything ready.
What do you mean by that?
You don't have anything ready?
Well, we got a lot.
Hold out of date stuff.
And I got enough light coming through the window.
This is eerie, man.
This is really eerie.
Yeah.
I'm sitting in the absolute dark.
There's enough light coming in just barely because it's a real
murky, cloudy day, you know?
So I can read this crap I got in front of me.
I can't take any calls.
Or do you could punch him up there?
Right.
But I'm not going to be able to hear him, am I?
Of course you can.
I can.
Well, let's do a experiment.
I got you locked on.
Yeah, but if you punch up another line, are you here?
I don't know how to do this.
I'm techno, boy, man.
Excuse me.
I got you locked on.
Hang on.
Ready?
Here we go.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-L.
Hey!
Hey!
Check it!
See that?
That's me!
That was good.
So see what it's going to be the best show ever today.
Unfortunately, you know, we have only one volume pot.
So if the color is hot or not, what we hear is what we don't care.
We don't care.
I know.
We don't care.
Are you care?
No.
I don't know.
This is a stereotype.
Who's this chronic call, man?
Oh, it's me.
I think it's Martin.
It feels like I hear this voice all the time on the show.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How in 5, 60 on the AT&T line?
You're breaking up it because my...
And what's going to happen on my cell phone dies?
All of it is fully charged.
You'll be pleased to know that.
How long will the last fully charged?
A couple hours maybe at least?
It'll last two hours and 37 minutes.
Yeah.
I got a better idea.
Wait a minute.
What?
Just a second.
This will work out better.
Let me go in the other room in my living room.
Okay.
Right.
And call you on a real phone.
Oh, yeah.
That ought to work.
Wouldn't that sound better?
You don't have something like wireless phone that needs to be plugged in or anything to you?
No.
Regular, a good old-fashioned phone.
Because the electric goes out doesn't mean the phones go out necessarily.
Yes, necessarily.
I'll tell you what.
I'm going to have a hell of a lot tougher time reading in here, but I can handle it.
I'll get my flashlight.
All right.
I don't have one.
Emerge is a dial tone.
There's a dial tone on my real phone.
Hang it up.
All right.
I'll call you right back.
Okay.
We'll drop it.
We'll talk about him while he's gone.
He can't hear anything while he's gone.
Neil is so gay.
So incredibly gay.
What else can we say about him?
How gay is he?
Oh, man.
About this gay.
Right here.
Look at this man.
He's this gay.
So incredibly gay.
Duff-duff and everybody's coming in to say how gay Neil is.
He's just like, what's the scale?
Like, once a gay, he's ultra gay.
Totally, totally gay.
What else?
I'm just killing time.
It's only calls back.
I mean, I could go on a long thing, but then he'll call back and interrupt us in the middle of it.
Hey, out the L word continues to be good.
Although, not as hot and heavy.
Not as sexy.
Like, they fool you.
They fool you by front loading all the lesbianism up front.
QA, I'm Neil Roger Show Chroniclein.
I'd like to this sounds better.
Oh, yeah, it does, actually.
How much better?
Much better.
This is only one problem though.
I got to go get my copy from the other room.
Ah, dammit.
So with a little tool, and there it will be two seconds.
One-than-a-meda.
One-than-a-meda.
One-than-a-meda.
One-than-a-meda.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
I like that.
In the pocket.
I like that.
I like that.
All right here, man.
She's chosen.
Sing.
I think that's gonna be about five seconds.
Yeah.
What?
There we go.
I got all my copies.
All right, it's real dark in here now. Sure. We're gonna have to open up the drapes. What are you wearing?
A t-shirt in my boxer shorts. All right. Same thing I was wearing in the other room. No, no, no. Well, there's just one thing I think I changed my wardrobe to come into this room. Why not?
It's the living room, right? There's any company in here that I know of. Bad company. Yeah. Well, let me do the break. Yeah.
I don't know. It's not a thing I'm comfortable with on the shelf, though, because I don't think it sounds as bad. Does it? It's much better now. Is it really? Yes.
Well, thank God. So anyway, if you're just tuning in late, I don't know what to tell you. The power is out here in Toronto. It went out at about 10 to 11.
And it's a murky snowy, nasty day. And maybe the whole northeast. I don't know. What does this CNN say? Anything? No. Well, screw that.
We can win through weather. That's all they're saying. It's cold and they're showing cars sliding into each other. Because I can't even go online because my computer is out. Everything is out.
And maybe you can go online to TorontoStar.com while I'm doing the spot. Okay. And see if there's anything, any information about whether we're still on. Maybe we had like some kind of a massive attack or something. Maybe the Russians are coming. Or maybe the Martians are coming. Maybe they're pissed off.
Anyway, if your carpets look like there's something in them and have been attacked, here's the answer for you. Call my good friend to drive concepts before you do anything else. Because why waste your time with anybody else?
Because these people are the best in the business of bringing your carpets back to life and looking just like brand new. I would use dry concepts in my house and my homes for over 20 years now. And everybody I know uses them because like I said, nobody does it better.
But they're the only people in the world who drive clean your carpets. Same idea is dry clean your clothing. Leaving them vibrant color, look at brand new, smelling lemony fresh as well. You'll be able to eat off the floor when they get done. And don't forget with dry concepts. You're rugs to dry within just a couple of hours you're ready to rock and roll again.
So for an unbeatable fantastic job, give them a call, tool free at 1-800-248-5071. And be sure when you do talk to the folks at dry concepts, ask about how you can get understand bylost and save an extra 15% on the already reasonable price of your next carpets cleaning.
1-800-248-5071, or if you want more info on a fantastic job, they do for you. Check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com.
Our goal is not peace at all. We're determined to confront Saddam Hussein, and we're doing everything we can to defy the world and build an arsenal for conquest and mass murder.
We are currently working with over 90 chemical and biological weapons, as well as the prohibited missiles to deliver them. Saddam Hussein will not be a problem for the United States.
He will be destroyed with weapons of mass destruction. The only acceptable outcome, total destruction, for all the peoples of the Middle East. Thank you for listening.
You're welcome. I'm here. I could have played a longer bit. Probably should have.
Back in August when we had the gigantic blackout in the Northeast, including here, and I said to myself, Schmuck, I'm going to go out and the two things I'm going to buy is a flashlight number one.
And a battery-operated radio. You know, I got a combo unit for like Christmas one year. Like one of those Coleman camping things that's got all kinds. It's got the neon lights, radio, and a fan.
Now, did I get a flashlight? No. Did I get a battery-operated radio? No. No. In addition to what stands to your other question about the heat? Yeah. I think I may have jumped the gun.
Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit
Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit. Missed a little bit.
yeah our goes out at least out by me in plantation
it goes out like ten fifteen times a week
and the cable goes out for a minute and the other satellites go on you have to
reset everything
so i'm used to that and then i just kept sitting here and sitting here
and waiting and waiting and finally i went uh...
i still had a little bit of power from the emergency power there
the other room
and i go online and see this massive blackout
not me
uh...
but uh... that's the only way i knew it so i'm thinking that it's possible
the same thing is going on here but it's just uh... nobody knows about it yet
no apparently it's uh... not making any news anywhere
well that's great so you're getting an exclusive
a word exclusive
so these toronto toronto ones what do they call them trance
you can't blend voice and might the back a marriage
i don't know how to read any of this because if you could see how dark it is
near if i had my flashlight right i can probably read it a lot better you can
it's on to over towards the window
well i could but then if i'd read well i can do is i can like pull the you think
back but i want to see the other one to people across the way
looking
no looking all looking through the windows in the city here my boxers are well i
how do you care
i don't know what i'm saying
it's
it's
all you know
the same
same
seventy day
look at that life foring in the double plan music band
i just don't know
time
labor unions representing nearly two hundred thousand workers across mass
detachants have endorsed same-sex civil marriage
and recent weeks is the organizations lobby to expand work place benefits for
their gay and lesbian members
with just two weeks to go before the legislature massachusetts the scheduled
about a constitutional amendment that would ban
same-sex marriage
union stance adds a potent political force to the fractious debate
especially because roughly half of the state's two-year lawmakers
haven't taken a public position on issue in other words they're waffling
is what they're doing
the whole off-game
all-out
house that pool coming
all-well let me get back to it
on the Toronto star site there
where you're gonna go to power you better get on top of the thing
i don't know you don't get with it
hundred seventy seven votes carry forty eight and was twenty three
i don't care twenty three
i don't care for bush that is twenty three
i don't care it's all
bull twenty two
yeah car twenty two d twenty one
cussinic nine sharpen seven leberman
to
who
look out for two leberman and the carry and words
he's the dark horse
see if you want my honest to go this opinion i think the one with the best
chance to win in the one with the republicans are scared to meet with the
is that words
stop and think i agree i he's there's nothing wrong with him
stop and think back in nineteen ninety two who do you know who bill clinton was
right did anybody have any idea who he was
nope
it is happen this happens very often but people of course don't pay any
attention to politics because it's uh... you know a bunch of crap
and that they forget about that but more to these guys come from basically
nowhere
and very few people here are not all of a sudden about a big though the candidate
yeah
and then we find out about their philanthropy whatever the house that i don't
care about that
okay we got a calls
yeah we got some calls
because i'm farting right now really
whoo
fighting i'm sitting with my legs like
in a position where they if it's coming right to my nostrils man it's a
really fragrant bouquet
what's the number
uh... cherry excellent
q and
q and
what
i don't know
q and
yes sir
okay right
q and i'll
but i don't
if you can
they had their own echo
no no you but every time you punch it up it sounds like i feel like Lloyd
bridges like we're taking the plunder or probably the uh... the swish
everyone do that yeah that's what they hear on their own
i'm here to be swish every time you will punch up the button that's nothing new
got okay here we go q and
well
yes sir
yeah i was going to bring down there now north Miami
yeah
yeah i guess it's making a way up the board and be that sales one of the
bush you'd be far for those movies i didn't hear anything
yeah was undercut about two votes
that was it
yeah pretty weak
that's weak man
alright that they can't stand there again
i don't know what you're doing because i'm up on the guy
so that when you cut them off i hear the swish also i guess i didn't know that
we're learning new things
i don't know what happened when you are
plus they sound like there are a million miles away
when i was on the cell phone the first call you put stuff i could hear like a
real call that
because all the calls come in at different levels as you know that's why we
got a ride the pod all day long that's why you're writing it right
yeah
here here q and hello
hola
and you know how you doing man how do you hear me does it sound okay
uh... there's a little difference in volume level uh... am i screaming
am i in
no you're fine okay i'm not talking about you i hear you from about how do you
hear me
uh... it's not like you're on a speaker phone are you all because if it sounds
like i'm a speaker phone i might have to go to the rest of the show
not that that
reasonable
hey listen i just want to give you a quick rush spy report okay
uh... yesterday i was uh... you know switching between channels when you go
on break and i switch over to rush on six ten oops was i supposed to say that
we don't care okay good anyway
all his callers where uh... basically poop owing their pants uh...
they're all concerned already that they're gonna lose the election and rush
kept saying uh...
hey well isn't it's only january will get time to do or really yeah they were
already
they're already like like they were putting up the yellow flag like a
morning pericaine level three day that pull the key market today that you
carry a bush by three points
that's the first time at least as far as i can remember the first time it showed
any of the democrats ahead
and i think that you're right that crap in her pet their start to feel it
now
good to feel i'm loving it baby i bet your rushes pop up your extra
no to his good so that
thanks a lot of
that
here
you know what that went on when two calls are punched up at somehow saps level
from you
which is weird but
do you see your some of the colors are saps that we said they're sassy was
pretty good he was a good call
he was like
he was like loud and uh... uh... you know i like him that loud
you'd be amazed if you could hear what i'm hearing
i'll just turn the level up a little bit if you can see what i'm seeing
no lights on yet across the street or elsewhere
there are no lights on period i could look uh... across the street
and see uh... but i know it's gonna be a few l uh... i don't have that long of
a court here i need to get a new phone right
why need to do well you can get a cordless phone because those are what i do need
to know that would do any good work on the lights are all out
okay
there are lights on i'm seeing right now their only problem is that they're all
read in the wrong highlights
they need a longer cord
the good news is it's not snow at the moment all the response to give like
another five to ten centimeters as they say up here which is like another
couple of inches anyway
i think it's a plot because of all your political talk i think ten centimeters
is like uh... what is that four inches five it's about this much
yeah like i said about two centimeters that's me
but uh... that's not the only people walking around is a little bit of
commerce going on a little like the only problem is that i'm curious
they got a cop at the intersection out there
open the door holler
well you know what they're doing
they're doing the honor system
on the traffic
in other words it's um...
like four way stop
all right you can't i want to
i only would remember after her came after andrew
yeah
and we had all those four way stop the uh... you know where we were at a
voluntary of course nobody paid any attention
that there were four way goes
and because the people here are so god damn polite i mean i'm watching this you
wouldn't believe it all of you
but not seriously that they're uh... doing a good job because the
traffic lights are all out
and there's no cop there directing it because it's only happened a short
time ago
one second of the call
well we have to do a break it looks like twenty up to me
and uh... twenty one
i can't say it looks like twenty one up i will do the break nice and slow take
our time
you don't push the calls now
and i have had had had had had
i mean i got to be honest with it this is uh... bizarre because it's getting
a little bit colder by the minute here this right when i opened up the
drapes there let some light come in
we can listen as you are free and fall over
i can just like so i call for a minute
anyway twenty-two new to q a even brought the schedule in here being the
truth of that
and i got all my radio stuff piled up in my non-radio living room and i
could
excellent
now what what's the story there they are there nothing they can do any
well the periodically people open up the door to what not help
and uh... you know tell josh some things that he doesn't need and that's all
like what
all like uh... there's an echo do this do that uh... nothing we need
they can do anything about it but they are coming in here in bugging
josh is there an echo on this phone
there was on the phone like when the calls are on the microphone and everything
is a little bit of an echo but uh... you know
yeah i know that
well it's the best we can do i mean if they go back to back to back to
does found the story
of fax it to you
you found what story
the Toronto star dot found it
that we are hitting me like how we do the break and then we can prove that
after the break it all back to you
i'll show you what
so in other words it's a city wide thing is that a regional thing
major offices including police headquarters in city hall or in the dark this
morning
yeah morning over there
the feed from hydro one to our transformer station that bay street north of
queen
has been interrupted and has taken out most of the central downtown or
standing by to see when the power will be restored
said player
peabirdie spokesperson for Toronto hydro
now what was it that took it out
uh...
it just as was interrupted with a transformer
station
the fall
so in other words that thought of a deal that'll be back on before you can say arm
strong to you know homestead right
armstrong toyota homestead
let me do the break locally owned and operated these guys have been treating
people right for years which is why they're still around your fight among u.s. one
just twenty
easy minutes out of the eight thirty six
armstrong toyota homestead is worth the drive from anywhere
to save yourself a crap load of cash on brand new toyotas
check out these great least prices you can't be an oh for it to come a two-wheel
drive regular camp
you pay just a hundred sixty nine bucks a month
in old for echo just a hundred seventy nine a month
or how about this in old for a cellica gt
for just two hundred nine dollars a month
with every car purchased armstrong toyota homestead you get a free sun pass
and keep in mind these folks with the first eater in the whole area offer your
free tires and batteries for life
if you're looking for an SUV right now armstrong toyota homestead got a huge
assortment
of raffours highlighters for one or so
koi and land cruisers to
general manager david rich and the staff will do whatever it takes to put you
in a great toyota today
experience the armstrong toyota homestead difference
they're committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction
service department even open late week nights to late p.m. and make sure they get
all your work done for you
convenient located the u.s. one and two hundred ninety-third street in the
homestead just twenty minutes out
of the eight thirty six
so if you're trying to get all the bs from those mega dealers who overpromise
and under deliver
and this is the place for you call our friend david rich
armstrong total homestead gm right now at three o five
two four two
thirty two forty seven
that's three o five two four two thirty two forty seven
for armstrong toyota homestead
right
uh...
speaks for universal
and our nation
uh...
freedom of conscience
and the right and dignity of the
we are
inflated enough to find two countries that are continuing cost of a one-third
dollars per week
to the u.s. or plus and effectively bank of the u.s. treasury
shadow record for the largest annual deficit in u.s. history
economic record for most part of the country's
filed in a small month period
set the old time record for the biggest law of the u.s. stock market
is the first president in u.s. history to enter office with a criminal record
set the old time record for most days on vacation in any one year period
after taking off an entire month
presided over the worst of jr. and u.s. history
is a point of a nuclear tactical bunker busser
a weapon of mass destruction and is breaking the nuclear arms
sorry nuclear arms treaty
in a state of the union address light about our reasons for attacking the right
then bring the lies on our british friends
set the record for most campaign fundraising trips via u.s. president
in a structure of office over two million Americans lost their jobs
and that's when continues every month
set the old time record for most four cultures in a twelve-month period
of one of more convicted criminals with administration and president in u.s. history
set the record for least amount of press conferences in any president since the advent of television
presided over the biggest energy crisis in u.s. history
and refused to intervene when corruption involving the oil industry was revealed
presided over the highest gasoline crisis in u.s. history
cut out the benefits for war veterans and supports a calling duty benefits for active duty troops
and their families in wartime
set the old time record for most people worldwide just simultaneously protest in public venues
15 million people
shattering the record for protest against any person in the history of mankind
broken more international treaties than any president in u.s. history
crowd with the numbers of a shabby of a richest of any administration in u.s. history
his poor millionaire come to his advice as a chef on oil tanker named after her
he's the first president in u.s. history to order an unproven
clear to the time and the military occupation of a sovereign nation
and did so against the will of the united nations
the majority of u.s. citizens and the world community
created a ministerial homeland security
the largest bureaucracy in the history of the united states government
it's the first president in u.s. history to have the united nations will move the u.s. from the human rights commission
ripped to the u.s. from the world corner of law
ripped to allowing sectors access to u.s. president of war detainees
and thereby has refused to abide by the jane of convention
it's the first president in history to refuse united nations election in session
it's the old time u.s. and world record holder for receiving the most corporate campaign donation
it's largest lifetime campaign contributor
and one of his best friends can't play
presided over the largest corporate bankruptcy foreign u.s. history
his political party is the unwinded by the jess and corporate attorneys who assure his success
with a u.s. Supreme Court during the election decision
has protected his friends at n1 and halibut against investigation or prosecution
more time and money was spent investigating the monical and whiskey affair
than has been spent investigating one of the biggest corporate ripoff in history
go to the most of the people to u.s. after the world trade center has
and less than a year later laid the u.s. the most living country in the world
the largest failure of diplomacy in world history
it's the first president of u.s. history to have the majority of european 71 percent
u.s. president he has the biggest rights of world peace and security
and change the u.s. policy to allow conservative criminals to be awarded government contracts
and that it's just keep on coming
right
drive a little and save a lot on that new toyota
at armstrong toyota of homestead when you chop me off there before the end of
the spot
what just did let's play that i want to get the david rich and fat rich all upset with
me no we don't want to do that
they're paying for the full spot not for just a little bit
now let's see we got the mad dog at two
i want to correct something somebody called in yesterday and said the mad dog was
in coherent on sunday night on tv
right because i actually overheard him yesterday um
give him some crap don't have crap but just saying i would just stir in the
pot a little bit and you were smoking it
as usual that's somebody called in we were just running with it and that's okay
if he was in coherent that's fine if he wasn't that's fine do although we
probably would enjoy him even more in coherent than usual he'll be on it too
the hoppers at the super bowl in heuston oh there's a big article in the
terraro when the national post this morning and a sports commissary heustin is
even worse than buffalo yeah is that the ultimate
indictment or what what's that even worse than buffalo
Hank is at the super bowl in heuston our window may be on with him five to six
the big oh at seven eddie k at ten in july mark overnight so we got the
schedule now i want you to read back again that thing that you got gave me from the
terraro starball what happened here major offices including police headquarters
and city hall are in the dark this morning the
feed from hydro one to our transformer station at bay street north and
queen has been interrupted and has taken out most of the central
downtown and we're standing by to see one of our will be restored said
Blair P birdie P birdie P birdie P birdie
yeah spokesman prevent your P birdie sure
what are my favorite fully Sherman spokesperson for Toronto hydro
and what what is the time on that does it have a time
now 11 28 a.m. 11 28 a.m. yes it went out like an hour
ago some other words it took them about the went a little bit slow
they shuffle because it's not until known so from the sounds of that it actually
could be back on he said it is not known yet if the cause was storm-related
some other words there's more to this but you're not reading it you're holding back
that was that that's like a little other sentence in there yeah well why
would it be storm-related it's not doing anything right now it's not
snowing it's not blowing I mean if we've had that the last day yesterday was
brutal you couldn't even go outside here yesterday it was unbelievable
other other outages were reported at the Eaton Center
and at the University of Toronto really well is this
you're you just reading me what you want to read like like I said send
what I'm reading like the thing he's here you went around with stuff and I
yeah well how much more is there to this that's about it oh
businesses in downtown it's probably like a 10-per-grash story
I'd like to have some idea what the puke is going on here this is in the
downtown core from college street to queen street and university avenue to
Victoria Street are in the dark yeah that's it and get 50 percent off home
delivery of the Toronto start the Eaton Center is also out yes I'll be
damn I guess no eating no because during the with during that last break I
thought to myself being the genius that I am I'm gonna go in a kitchen make
me another company hot tea sure pop it in the microwave oops I guess I guess
not just put the cup between your legs there I'll be
damn well the bag the cup of tea the good news is I got my shirt on and I got my
nice tan walking shorts on oh they're nice well my first of all is getting a little
bit chillier inside and number two I got the windows wide open there the drapes
are pulled back I don't want people across the street looking there's some
perverts in there it is underwear you know yeah that is different anyway now do
you have the thermal underwear and such no I do not really why would I need
thermal underwear just in case you want to go sliding or skiing yeah right a
view teen sues diocese for 150 million bucks well I sure hope that the guy
the empower gets back on because this is really awkward you know rule I'm
hearing that it's hysterical though to other people what do you mean by that
other people think that's hysterical now who are they what other people in the
building the facts and this is okay or I don't
listen being the trooper that I am I mean and probably there are those who are
saying well you know if deal would be here all the time and saw a floor instead of
being doing a show all over Toronto and stuff yeah we wouldn't have this much fun
that's that's exactly what I was thinking because this is a hell of a lot more fun
and sitting there reading in the scum that's coming from the vents in that god damn
sitting building really that scum yeah hang told me was sick with three for three
weeks with a crap everybody in a building is had it and I guarantee you the
facts that I read the other day on Friday that I gave to you right from your
friend or hey P.P. whatever his name was in pop it all I gave it to both of the
powers the game it to the powers that be in a wipe their ass with it and put it
down the old tube yeah and that's as much as you'll ever see that the guy
offered to do it for free that's not good enough and the reason that they don't
want to take advantage of that is because if somebody does come in here and actually
checks the air quality in that building they'll probably order to have it they'll
put up they'll what do they they'll condemn the building right they'll condemn the
goddamn building that building isn't fit for human habitation I can
them condemn this building every day the elevator is a piece of crap
then the goddamn vents the ventilation is garbage we're sitting in there breathing
and and and and on the proof of the pudding was on Martin Luther King Day which
was what was that a week last Monday or the week before week before and we
come in and there's a when it rained the day before and there's water puking down
one of the ceiling tiles is dripping somebody's put a big bucket underneath it
they just said puking we put it on a bucket a bouquet and and and all of that
stuff you know is in the vents in that building and from the IOD
experience we had you know that we're getting sick because there are a bunch of
cheap prick that own that building and Greg doesn't really give a crap about his
people which he never has which he by the way he's on vacation again this week
yeah well while Roman's burning
Neuro is fiddling and diddling that's his specialty the numbers are good
everything works yeah right so I have a great time Greg wherever to how you are
I sure hope you're playing its back real safe soon. You know what I'm saying?
Anyway, can I get you back to this before the break please?
In if you could wish the audience could just see this because I'm sitting on my sofa
Well, if you took a picture with a nifty camera somebody got which is down there. Yeah, uh
Sitting propped up against a nice stove very comfortably. I got my
Slippers on my bedroom slippers that I stole from the
NH hotel chain and Amsterdam, but everybody does anyway. I got my nice Amsterdam slippers on what's not to like?
Huh? Very comfortable good and so there's a little echo tough fashii
In New York the family of the suffoc teenager who was abused by Michael hands a former priest
Isn't that a great name for a molesting priest Michael hands hands? He's a hands-on guy a
Former priest at the center of the Long Island priest sex abuse scandal has sued the diocese of Rockville Center for
150 million dollars claiming officials new of hands predatory behavior. He did nothing to stop him
The lawsuit filed Thursday in state Supreme Court in Mindyola charges that the diocese knew of hands sexual
Relationship with the minor and failed to report it to the police because of a deliberate covert policy in practice to protect priest and shielded
Ices from embarrassment canoville how unusual
And it goes down with all the glory details which we don't want to get into got another priest story to his matter fact
Oh, goodie for after the break. Oh, and then after that. I guess I'm gonna just go to lunch
Of course I can't go to lunch because there's no place that would be open
I can't cook anything in the other room and of course you got to slap all the way down the stairs because the elevator's not gonna work wrong
The elevators actually are on the back up here. Oh good thing about my building is that because I just checked outside
The lights in the hall around the heat is on out there. So everything is cozy to stay on the inside don't go outside
So I might as well stay on here with you because what am I gonna do?
I'm gonna do
Everybody take a nice refreshing nap four minutes till noon a Q.A.M. Oh
No live there's a live. No, there is no live. You're it you're it
Here's the golden
A musical memory
WQ
Oh
No
No, I think I did it again. I got really bond
Then marry my friend
Yeah, no, oh baby. I was nice when we were
So I don't know if it was
灣
And my
Way
I got oder again
thought he was krista
Baby
I can't hold my liquor. I got none again. Last time I did that. I kissed Madonna.
Oh, baby, baby. I popped a few corks. Then I reached the door. I said, and it'd be a lot.
No, no, no, no, no, no. Hello.
I said that afternoon. And guess what?
What? Power's still out.
Oh, damn it. Now, how long do you think that that should take being the expert that you are?
Unteronto Power? No, no. I mean, to change a transformer. Toronto Power is made different from Miami Power, Ojos Power.
Well, let's pretend that it's not a FPL. Yeah, well, they're not. That's one good step.
An hour? An hour or somebody an hour and ten minutes.
Our ish? You think? I don't know. You know, we could ask a FPL person, maybe one of them.
Maybe if I'm from FPL, I was thinking, called them, tell us how long it takes to change a transformer.
Now, did that article actually say that it was a transformer or were they guessing?
It says the feed from Hydro 1 to our transformer station at Bay Street has been interrupted.
So the feed was interrupted. Who the hell knows what that means.
What the hell does that mean? I don't know. It's like the feed from me to you has been interrupted.
What's right? What kind of double talk is that?
Sounds like they don't know what they're talking about.
Or, uh...
By some communist bunch of crap to me. Call the bridge sender. Maybe he knows how to fix the damn thing.
Christ.
So you got more stories and stuff, right? Oh, I know I want to do this one first.
It's ringing. Let me do this for people we take anymore.
Don't be in any hurry to put the headphones on.
Not me.
Because as hard as it is to be able to hear these damn calls now,
you're going to have to figure out who they'd like when Reverend Jones calls in the next time.
Yeah, like he called in the last time and you talk to him.
When was that?
The other time when he said, no, don't put George on.
That wasn't him.
Yeah, it was.
Everybody who doesn't like you is Reverend Jones.
You don't like to say that, but no, it was him.
Was it him? Yes.
Okay. Trust me.
What?
It was him.
Galveston Houston, that was him.
Galveston Houston, Diocese reports 46 abuse victims.
22 priests.
Oh, boy, these are just coming like crazy, you know what?
And so are the priests.
Squared, squared.
22 priests and 4 deacons sexually abused 46 minors in the Roman Catholic Diocese.
I'll Galveston Houston over the past 53 years of corn to church officials.
80% of the abuse occurred before 1980, but was reported in the last 10 years
the confirmed sex abuse allegations costed at ICC's $3.6 million in settlements,
counseling, and legal fees, and yada yada yada.
The bishops are trying to be as open and as candid as possible.
They said they know that when the national studies announced that it'll be an obvious local question too,
and it's another black mark on the Catholic Church.
You notice how we never had one call about the first pull question that we did?
No, we didn't.
And we probably won't.
Nope.
Because it just challenges these preconceived notions that they've been brainwashed with.
And that's, you know, it's frustrating because...
Well, what's the point?
What's the point?
It's like saying, well, today is Tuesday.
Okay, while you're right, it's Tuesday, but it's Tuesday, you know?
It's obvious, but they just...
They don't want to be reminded.
It's not all that matters to them.
It all has to do with fear of death.
Right.
Fear of death.
They deny the caveman stuff, even though there's all these bones.
They...
Oh, Satan put them there.
Right.
No, it's more of that scientific bullcrap, another plot.
Satanic plot by those science people.
They see tanic scientists.
Right.
Oh, how about Michael Jackson?
We haven't talked about him in a while.
No.
And why not?
I don't know.
Why not?
Why doesn't he have...
There was nothing to do with the new inquirer, but I think this was one of the other ones.
The examiner about the fact that what is this broad name that one that he got married off to?
Role.
Role.
Debbie Role.
Right.
Or was it the Tommy Role?
I get a little dizzy when I try to think about it.
Fish Role.
Anyway, he has outed him now that they were both artificially insuminated and not from him either, by the way.
He was artificially insuminated?
Yeah, by the children.
Charles Rolfer, officials of interviewed Michael Jackson's three children at the Beverly Hills Mansion,
where they've been living with the embattled pop star since early this month,
with the source close to the Jackson family told ABC News.
I have the feeling that I'm talking...
Like I'm talking into a waist-basket, you know what I mean?
The children's nannies were also interviewed with the source told ABC News.
Jackson was reportedly home at the time of the official visit.
Jackson has two children, Prince Michael I, aged six, and Paris H5, from a three-year marriage to Debbie Role.
This isn't even the story from the examiner, which I wish I would have kept there.
And he's got another kid, Prince Michael II.
And a third child, which if you let me get to that, was born to an unidentified woman,
another surrogate mom in 2002.
Over the weekend, a London tabloid report that Jackson and Role may soon square off
and a custody dispute over their two children rose attorney to decline and discuss the matter with ABC News.
But she did talk to the inquirer or the examiner and said,
forget about it, they weren't his kids.
We never did it and we never gonna do it.
And the only problem she's got is that she signed a pre...
Not a pre-neutral because they never...
But a pre-something agreement.
She signed a deal with the devil.
Right.
That said, he's got custody.
Right.
After seeing a British documentary living with Michael Jackson, which aired in February 2003,
Chowel for Advocate Gloria Gruber,
center formal complaint to the set of our verdict attorney's office, saying,
Jackson has raised enough red flag to be concerned about protecting the welfare of children
with whom he comes in contact, including his own.
Right.
But there's no question any longer, not that there really ever was with anybody who's got a brain.
There's no question that he didn't father the children.
He couldn't be father no children.
Maybe coddling and cuddling, even by no control.
Well, how about Dennis Miller-Schroel on CMB3?
Did you watch it or something?
No.
Conflict.
A lot of this stuff is on our website, but thank God I printed it out or I'd be sitting here like playing with myself,
which I might in a little while.
Conflict at CMBC's new Dennis Miller-Schroel producer works for Governor of California.
Oh, how do you like that? Is that why they had Arnold on as the first guest, maybe?
Really?
Yes.
The show has already started.
We were running Pomas for it.
No.
We're running commercials here.
No.
On this very scene.
Where's the Dennis Miller show?
During your show, yes.
Oh no.
Yes.
Oh my God.
Yes.
Well, we're horrors.
We'll take anybody's money.
You got some money.
We'll take it.
Yes.
Dennis Miller's new CMBC political talk show hasn't even debuted yet.
This is from a couple days ago.
But it's already mixed up in a serious conflict of interest.
When did it start?
I don't know.
Last night?
The conflict brought to attention by Weblogger Roger Ailes, no relation to the Fox News chief of the same name,
began with a show's herring of Mike Murphy as a consulting producer.
The problem isn't that Murphy is a well-known Republican campaign consultant whose past clients have included John McCain,
Jeb Bush, and the 92 Bush quail campaign, the problem is that Mike Murphy already has a job.
He was a key political adviser in Arnold Schwarzenegger's 2003 campaign for Governor of California and still works for him.
Currently, Murphy's leader of Governor Schwarzenegger's California Recovery Team in Californians for Schwarzenegger,
two groups created by the governor to maintain his political image, raise money and promote his policies.
Indeed, Murphy has become so identified with Schwarzenegger that a January 21 Los Angeles Times article referred to him as Schwarzenegger's chief strategist.
The website of Murphy's Political Consulting Team, NC Navigator, is listed as the California Recovery Team as a client.
CNBC dismissed the idea that Murphy's political work poses a conflict for the show.
In an article in TV Week that described the ongoing work with Schwarzenegger as Murphy's most recent gig,
reporter Michelle Gretpie noted that NBC is grappling with a conflict of interest questions posed by Schwarzenegger's wife,
and we are sure we're working for the news program date line.
But Gretpie reported that CNBC, no such questions are being considered because Mr. Miller has made clear that his show, however political, will not be partisan,
which is a puking lie because we had also on the same website, the yesterday that he's already said that he's going to support Bush,
and he's going to be totally on a bash, and he doesn't apologize for it in the Audi, Audi, Audi.
It's not impartial at all. How do you like that?
Right.
Lying sack of crap, man, Dennis Miller is the anti-Christ.
Don't forget to honor him.
Plus, of course, he's just as credible as anything else on CNBC, your gambling channel.
Let's take a caller, too.
Sure.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I happen to catch the Dennis Miller show last night.
And?
And it's set up like this, like it's supposed to be some sort of balanced political roundtable, but they had two flaming, right wing bush-norklers and one just defenseless liberal woman who was just getting a crap beat out of her for 15 minutes.
It really was when it came.
Sounds exactly like what you expect from Dennis Miller.
Absolutely.
That a great day, Belly.
I think you're going to get a good news, Belly.
How did you get that?
Yeah, he was loud.
He was excellent.
Yep.
He was magnificent.
How come we don't get calls like that when we don't have what we keep.
Let's lose the power every day.
Okay.
We're starting to get some good calls this way.
We're just going to pull a bunch of plugs.
Oh, seriously? What's that all about?
It just works out.
I mean, that guy sounded like a real human being, which is showing you and also the one before him.
And he was actually talking about something that you were just talking about.
I can't analyze all of these things.
So what did you say about an hour and a half for the power to come back on?
I'm just, you know, speculating.
You haven't got any idea what you're talking about, but it sounds very authoritative.
Sure, why not?
It's like most of us.
So how's the latest pull on the Inu Hampshire primary?
Let me go back to it.
I think a few had it.
Let me refresh it as a matter of fact, because, you know, that way...
I would think that Duff ought to be racing in there breathlessly with the latest update from the Toronto star or Toronto sun or the Globe and Mail.
And it's actually what the hell is going on here, and why I'm sitting in the dark?
297 votes.
Carry 75.
No, wait a minute.
What time did we put that pull off?
11.
That's pretty good.
Sure.
Considering everything that's going on here.
Carry 75, which is 25.2%.
Yeah.
Dean 44.
Clark 43.
I don't care.
It's all bull 40.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush 36, which is 12.1%.
If you're to contract.
Edwards 33.
Cousinage 16.
Sharpton 8.
And leave him it has...
Three.
Two.
Two.
Two.
Don't stuck with the same pair.
And I bet you're one of them with Sadasa.
Right.
Him and Nasa.
And the other one was Knifet.
Oi.
Better start eating some halivar, big time.
Get ready for the Hometaujan juu, because it's all over now.
It's all over but the shot.
I thank God.
That's what John, that's what Howard Dean said.
It's all over but the shot.
It's all over but the shot.
From what it's past noon at 5.60, you know,
and I'm starting with this talking into the phone thing.
Right.
Do I sound like more congested or something?
Not anymore than usual.
Oh, I do.
No, I feel like all of it is like coming back.
I think it's because the temperature is dropping.
No, I think that could be part of it.
It is getting cooler in here plus the fact I can't hear myself.
You're going to freeze.
I am.
And I'll probably be out the rest of the week.
No!
Hey, let me tell you one thing.
If your mattress is worn out, your back will tell you
when you get up in the morning, you feel like crap.
You feel like you haven't slept at all.
So now that the new year is underway, make sure you get a great night's sleep every night in 2000.
Forward, what's left of it by calling?
Dialo mattress.
Call 1-800 mattress and celebrate the new year in comfort
with a great name brand mattress and unbeatable price.
Call them right now, toll-free at 1-800 mattress.
And dialometris is proud of how it's turns into foster
to their already strong champion, Chip lineup.
Steerings into foster is the finest mattress made in America.
And you can sleep on what is soon as tonight.
If you call that toll-free number right now, 1-800 mattress.
And of course, dialometris, as you'd expect, also carry the complete line
of all the other top manufacturers in the universe they got them all.
Signe, Serta, Simmons, King Coral, temperpidic.
Choose from dozens of models at low-everyday discount prices.
And only dialometris month to choose any two-hour window delivery
that meets your schedule, seven days a week, from 8am to 10pm.
In other words, new to two, 1-3, whenever you're going to be home,
when it's convenient for you, they'll be there.
So with low prices, same-day delivery, free set of removal is easy to see
while dialometris is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
Get with it, get yourself a great night's sleep for years to come
with just one easy call.
Don't get ripped off in those betting and department stores.
Call 1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTR, e-assure online, it's mattress.com.
Reagan, a life in letters is the publishing event of the year,
but letters alone cannot tell the full story of America's greatest president.
Introducing Reagan, a life in post-it notes.
NEC, buy more jelly beans.
Oof, p.s. red jelly beans.
Good.
Red, commies, bad.
No where else could you find such a clear statement of our 40th president's values and opinions
than on little yellow squares of paper stuck to the White House fridge?
Nancy, please wash my overalls.
Use tide.
P.s.
Not the tide of Marxism that threatens our very way of life.
Reagan, a life in post-it notes, chronicles his thoughts on politics, religion,
and even sat here, Nancy.
The Berlin Wall has fallen.
And when I get home, so will that little lace number, I bought you for our anniversary.
P.s.
Grown.
Reagan, a life in post-it notes, is available at Boredoms Books, buy your copy today
and receive the bonus volume Reagan, a life in grocery lists.
P.s.
Milk.
And what else?
P.s.
P.s.
From 17 to 560, nobody here at Manage is starting to snow again now and blow.
And what else?
We have an update from the Toronto Star.
Power expected to be back on by?
Midnight.
No, 3pm.
Oh!
No!
Yes.
What does it say?
It says power expected to be back on by 3pm.
That's all it says?
Well, that's the headline and then it repeats the rest of the story.
Oh, no.
You got to be kidding me.
This is going to be the longest show in the history of my life.
It's already, what the whole time is it?
It's, oh, Christ, it's only 1218.
Yeah.
Holy crap.
And it's starting to snow like crazy.
I'm reading through the story here.
There is a Hydro One spokesperson, this daffy?
What is it?
It's a daffy McCallum?
Daffod?
DAFFYD.
Daffod Roderick.
Said the problem originated at, man, all these names I don't know.
Terawali?
Terawali?
What language are you speaking, man?
I guess it's Canadian.
Yeah.
Terawali transmission station west of Bay in north of City Hall.
Yeah.
One transmission circuit was out for scheduled maintenance in the second backup circuit failed around 11 a.m., Roderick said.
Right.
The cause of the circuit failure isn't known, but it had nothing to do with the weather.
If not snow or ice, we're not sure why.
Great.
It's like you said, FBNL all over again.
So speaking of Lou Dobbs, there's a major asshole on CNN.
Yes he is.
A really, I mean, a pompous jackass ever telling you about him.
A lot of stuff about him.
He's got an ego even bigger than Moe.
And last night, which I ordinarily avoid him like to play, but I was channel surfing, and he was doing a thing.
They were talking about the New Hampshire primary.
So I stopped, and there was Bill Schneider, who's the analyst, you know, does all the polling stuff.
He's pretty good.
So Lou Dobbs goes to Bill Schneider, and Schneider gives the beginning of his spiel, and pauses.
And at that point, obviously Lou is supposed to ask something or say something.
And Bill Schneider is just sitting there looking, waiting, praying, please, please say something, you know.
And of course on TV, it's so goddamn embarrassing like he wants to jump out of his skin.
Finally, Lou Dobbs says, can you hear me, Bill?
Yes, I hear you.
And then he proceeds to ask him a question, and then Bill Schneider answers the question.
And he's trying to give the rundown of why Kerry is popular, and about people think he's electable.
And Lou Dobbs comes back and says, well wait a minute, now are you getting Kerry confused with Clark?
And Bill Schneider, he kept talking, but you could tell by the perturbed look on his face, that if he had any kind of a sharp object, if he would have been in the same studio,
he would have killed Lou right on the air and got an 80-year.
I would have given a standing ovation.
What a total asshole, Lou Dobbs.
Well of course, I think he used to be on CNBC, didn't he?
I'm not sure.
And CNN got the big coup and they got him away, and he's a legend in his own mind.
In fact, his show is so important that they have him on from 6 to 7 doing the make-believe news,
and they repeat it from 11 at midnight after the anxious red-headed Aaron Brown or whatever they only put it on.
That's because he has a red face, Lou.
To go with the red hair from Aaron Brown and that awful red...
I wouldn't be surprised if his hair pieces came the most.
Hey, maybe the same muskrat.
From the muskrat, what are the same...
That's the muskrat rambulot, guarantee you that.
It's muskrat, Lou.
So this could be back on by three o'clock, is that what you said?
Right, yeah.
That's what they said.
But the good news is, well see, I could call for delivery for lunch.
The only problem is that nobody is going to be open.
Right, you're going to be cooking.
The deep fat fryer is off.
Oh crap.
No chinks, huh?
No.
No pressure.
Democrats call for probe of Iraq weapons claims.
Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said on Sunday,
the Bush administration, including Vice President Dick Cheney,
should be held accountable for claims Iraq had weapons of mass destruction.
Kerry, writing a title support since his surprising win in Iowa Monday,
said U.S. lawmakers should hold hearings on Capitol Hill.
David Kay, appointed by the Bush administration,
a hunt for Iraq's weapons of mass destruction,
told Reuters on Friday he'd concluded that Iraq had no stockpiles of biological and chemical weapons,
as asserted in the official U.S. intelligence estimates and lead up to the U.S. invasion.
The automobile held accountable for using the weapons of mass destruction argument, Kerry said,
dictating how there's any administration, Miss Ledimer,
and people with respect to the true status of the weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
And he is absolutely correct.
Absolutely.
Right.
Kerry said he would not suggest President Bush was at fault with inadequate evidence,
but he added, I know the Vice President, either Miss Spoke or Miss Led, the American people.
Now, do you think maybe, remember the guy that called before it said,
Giuliani is going to be on the ticket instead of Cheney?
Right.
Because Cheney is going to become, maybe he'll be the scapegoat.
Hold it.
I mean, in this case, rightfully so, deservedly so,
but he's going to be the fall guy.
Oh, that just means that he's not going to be the Vice President.
Right.
He's going to be telling all the shots,
and then that way he can legally go back to payroll at Halliburton.
Right.
And raking millions and millions instead of that,
allows you 150 grand a year.
Right.
We know he's still on the payroll anyway,
and he's going to get a big cash deposit after this is all done.
Oh, hello.
What was that?
I don't know.
Did you do that?
I didn't do that.
Or, you know what that was?
I'm like, you're in the...
Oh, I got the phone.
Listen.
Buh, buh, buh.
I've got the phone nestled between my pillow,
so the actual phone part...
The computer cheeks.
You're getting on the phone.
It's right between my cheeks.
Buh, buh.
And you're smelling it.
You'll smell it.
You know what I had for dinner last.
Ah!
Oh, my heart just stopped.
It really.
What?
I thought nothing.
This is all we need.
In some other words, you tell me by the rest of the...
In other words, there's no chance this is going to be on before three.
That's according to them.
Read that first line again.
It'll be back on by three.
Power expected to be back on by three p.m.
Well, wait a minute.
See, be the optimist now.
I know.
Half full glass.
Right.
By three could mean before three.
Could mean like maybe 201 with my lock.
And I was assuming that they're trying to hedge their bets and not, you know, do the opposite.
Like say, it'll be back on by one and then it won't be on...
In addition to which, if they were working, if they were doing maintenance on the other transformer,
whatever the hell it was, which I said, then why couldn't they just stick that back online?
Or is that making too much sense?
Oh, that's making too much sense.
I see.
I only know how they do it here in Florida, which means they wouldn't do that.
I see.
I don't know how to do that.
I think it's a Kami Pinko plot.
I think it's a bush plot.
Right.
And this will probably happen every day between now and the election.
Every time you bring up the subject.
To try to dick around with our conversation here.
Uh-huh.
Let's shut him up.
Well, at least it's better than the alternative they might have in mind.
So what's the pull result now before we do the break soon?
We have a grand total of 335 votes.
Yeah.
Carrie with 83.
That's 24.7%.
Yeah, do be slowly now.
You go by a little bit too fast, but it doesn't kill any good times.
This will right down to a crawl.
Always that with Carrie again.
What do you do?
83.
I see.
23.24.7% for John Kerry.
They sent it to the junior senator from Massachusetts.
That's right.
Dean has 50.
Howard Dean, that's governor Dean from a Vermont five-time governor.
And Dr. Dean.
Yeah.
As what?
50.
50 even.
15.9%.
14.9%.
Compared to what 24.7%.
You know, this could be pretty interesting.
No, seriously, this might actually mirror the result into Hampshire.
Right.
Wouldn't that be revolutionary?
It does seem to jive with those poles we keep saying.
It seems like jive to me.
Jive turkey.
Yeah.
I don't care.
It's all bull.
Also 50.
Yeah.
It's getting pretty cold in here by the way.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Who the light just came back on?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Can I tell you something?
Please?
This is the most strange I saw across the way in a window.
I saw a light.
Uh-huh.
Because remember I said I started to say, wait a minute.
Remember?
Oh, the ripple effect.
And then all of the stuff.
My lights came back on.
Wow, this is really exciting.
Very exciting.
Just at the moment when my toes were starting to freeze.
Ooh, I heard a click.
Did you?
Yeah.
Well, I can hear myself in the other room now.
I think.
Well, I hear myself in the other room now.
I can hear you and it's like in stereo.
Well, let me do the break from here, the spot.
Right.
Let's get back to the other room now.
I told you to see this by three o'clock.
It probably says before 1230.
I'm back in the old thing with my emotions.
That's all I know you.
I know you.
I know you people in Florida.
You grave robbers you.
26 past noon at QM Halle.
Luyia, man.
This is exciting.
Anyway, here's something also exciting.
This is the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
It's the only one more.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
$2.21 APR.
What's up?
Check the list and check the искitus area.
Or do I have to grab that quick right now?
Just a whistle as you can.
Is that where I'm from?
No, next break.
All right.
Or I could grab that real quick right now?
And just a whistle does it.
a red pickup truck. That's what I'm hearing. Wait, but I'd decrew this. That's before
a Dwight have scundered with Anne's body. Was that the Sandy Payton done that? That's
a good pull question. Who do you think has got possession of Anne's body now? That
dyke that the father lost it against Sandy Payton, Sandy or Dwight Lauderdale. Maybe
they parceled it up. You think so? There was enough there for everybody. Wonder who got
the box. What did she hate me like poison that Anne Bishop? That old Anne Bowman? What
a dyke. Nasty, miserable bitch. But she was good. She was a channel that I went to
the news. I went to the news. What was that movie that she was in with Jack? Was it in
the shining? I was somebody else. I wasn't there. Channel 10 news was on there. Wasn't
the shining? What movie was it? The shining. Oh, like I said, I think it was the
show. Wasn't Jack Nicholson in that one? Yes. All day yesterday every movie. I think
Jack Nicholson was in that one. 411 votes on there, man. They're pouring in on. Carrie's
got a good solid lead on Dean. Forget about the votes in Nohantry. Let's just do it right
here. Oh, I got this fact that you sent me. Yeah. This has got to be, even though it's
on. I'm sure it is, too. Right. Different type. Same unsigned. And I notice that the bottom
it looked like they were going to sign in and then he scratched it out. Did sign it
and then it scratched it. Oh, now let's see if I can read through that. Let's get
Shilok Holmes to see what I can't make it out. They can scratch it out, which chicken
is the operative word. I mean, see, when you send the facts, I know this comes as being
revolutionary to some of you people are a little bit slow, but you can just make up a
name. No. But when it's totally unsigned, it's like sending a message like to Joey Zaza.
You're like going to send a message that you're just to embarrass to put a name on it.
Sometimes they make up really good names, too. Yeah. Makes me scream. But before that,
I'll get to that eventually. Two men fleeing police gets stuck in the mud. Sal's brain
right? Yeah. Don't you? Even though they even got their frozen ones. I'm talking about
in a restaurant. Real one is good, but third my favorite TV dinner if I must have a TV.
Yeah. I would agree with that. But like in a diner. Oh, yeah. Good old fashioned diner
in a joint. I'm sorry. Anybody ever put a Southbury steak in a joint? No. I've had
Southbury steak. Yeah. We're giving it a try. Two men fleeing police were captured after
they ran across a muddy lake bed, lost their shoes and got mired in the muck. What a
muck. Kevin Chalk 17 and Richard Neary, 20. What if he's kind to Al Neary? Got about a quarter
mile across the lake in near freezing temperatures early Saturday before they got stuck. It took
rescuer three hours to get the men out. One was just wearing t-shirt and shorts. They'd
have died if we hadn't found them. Said East, East Spencer police sergeant James Schmirer.
A couple of idiots is what they are. Well, there you go. Police began chasing the men in
their car after they were clocked at 67 and a 45. The car eventually crashed into a tree
the men jumped out right into the woods. Neary was charged with driving with a revoked
license and fleeing to loot a loot and a rest and yada yada. Anyway, give them the important
facts here. I don't know if we should take a quick call. QA and hello. Not there. See,
I give you a shot online too. Give you a chance. You notice how the phones are much more
frantic when I couldn't when I was in the studio? Oh, yeah. Like they like to kick you
when you're dead. They like that. No, no. It's just they were trying to help out. Now
they figure, wow, he's back in that studio. It's a piece of cake. They were trying to be
helpful. Call back on the phone. WQA. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Anyway, I can get the
results of yesterday's poll. The movie poll. What do you need to know? Oh, just, you know,
just who came in? We're one and how? Then I can go out and get the films. Maybe very cool.
Repost them in the features or something. Yeah, Eric and you can repost them in the features
page. How's that? That'd be great. I mean, I heard some of the results and I think it's
a great thing to have because the rings, whatever the hell that one was, action, shot
shrink redemption. Shawshank was third. Yeah, but there were lots of them. I mean, there
were lots down the line that I'd like to see. Yeah, Eric will put it back on air pretty
soon. Go, Eric. All right. Thanks. You bet. When he gets around to it. No, he better
do it pretty soon or well. Now does he know about Josh taking over his job? I mean, just
a joke. Eric, you're doing a magnificent job. Don't, you know, don't get all bent out
of shape. It's just a radio shot. You know, he of all people should know that this is
just a radio show, in spite of the fact that you rip him an ass behind his back all the
time. But he should know it's only a radio show. That's the thing that you're kidding. That's
why I'm saying this. Okay. If he would just grow up already, I make up, see, when you
know that somebody is vulnerable, when you know that somebody reacts, when you know that
somebody has no sense of humor about these things, that's when you keep sticking into
them. Okay. Hoping that eventually they'll grow up and get a life and realize we're
just fun and with them. Okay. I love Eric. Believe you me. He and I have a magnificent
long distance relationship now. Whoa. And, you know, we got the A-Thingle with a bedtime
story, which I apologize again. I had too many on there today. But if you take the time
to go to our website, you'll find there's some really heavy-duty great stuff to read
on there. If you have an IQ larger than your penis or your, whatever, or your pubes,
all of some people do have very long pubes and they tend to leave them on public toilet
seats. That's always a bad turn off to me, you know. Yeah. I'm talking about just
to take a leak, huh? Yeah. Go into a public toilet and there's a urinal and there's
like pubic hair. I just, oh, God. I don't want to see it. I don't want to see it. I don't
want to know from it. Unless of course it's up close and personal and I tend to be a little
more choosy. Anyway, here's this facts from the same person before we're not fooling
us, who's just a Dean Licker. Dean's fine. Okay. Dean is fine. The only problem is he's
just not a good politician. He cannot win. Dean delivered a speech in Iowa after losing
in Iowa. Dean spent two years in Iowa. Dean spent a lot of money in Iowa. Dean, if a
normal person was stunned, disappointed, frustrated that after all this exhausted and exhausting
effort, they didn't win in Iowa. Dean was faced with the task of trying to keep his supporters
in himself energized. Dean's speech was entirely appropriate under that scenario and it says,
what's more, everybody's commented about the screen knows that but we're having fun
with it. Okay. Even he's having fun with it now and the fact that you're so fixated
with it and you still don't want to understand what I told you before after you're fetched
from me before. He lost in Iowa just like Al Sharpton said to me and said, you know,
Governor Dean, don't be so hard on yourself. I would have spent the money in time you
didn't Iowa coming in a distant third. I'd be screaming too, you know. And he just
laughed because that's all he could do. One thing about Al Sharpton, he may be a miserable
nasty piece of crap but he's a panic. Even can have a secretary of comedy. Okay. Here's
the question. Anyway, it goes on to say the most that can be said is that the phony,
if the phony outrage harms Dean, he was not sufficiently prepared either to avoid or respond
to the phony outrage over his speech. Well, there you go. And it says what a disgraceful
standard for a political performance we've sunk to. His political performance was in the
election and the caucuses in which he came in third. Okay. In addition to which even
before the I have a screen speech, even before that, he was already dropping in Massachusetts.
I mean, in New Hampshire, Robert Heller, he's underwinged the state in New Hampshire. And
now that's just kind of like, you know, raised a lot of doubts about his electability. It says
nobody thinks there was anything wrong with Dean's speech. Okay. That's why if you, this
is the same person that said watch it very carefully. Well, you watch it very carefully
and watch the look on Tom Harkins face who's standing right behind Governor Dean when he
starts to really, you know, in a beginning he's got to look like, okay, this is great,
you know, but like then he starts a little bit of, you can see a little of a alarm creeping
into his face like, yeah, what do you say? I'm saying he was alarmed. I'm saying it was a
three alarm job. I'm just, I'm trying to get, you know, acclimated back into where I know,
I've actually done a tremendous job. You'd be very proud of me. I've got all my spots where
they always are. I got the log over here. The schedule. We got the mad dog at two. The
hopper from the Super Bowl and boring Houston at four with I remember, winderman at five. The big
at seven. See when I was doing the thing from the other room on the phone, I couldn't do the big
like that. I felt, you know, insufficient. Any K at 10 and Joe and Mark overnight. And then
of course in the morning, well, absolutely doesn't need to be sent. Prove 56 at five 60 WQM. And
this has only been one of our 70 or 80 hour show. Maybe not that long, but if you've been looking
for your hair for a long time, guess what? It's not coming back. It's not making a comeback. The
answer is get yourself some real good looking hair from Charles Alphiri with his natural
hair line system the best in the universe. That's why even guys who are loaded with cash, if
they're smart, they go to Chuck Alphiri. Look at poor Dennis Kacinich. Here's a guy who says a lot
of the right things. People like what he says, but they take a look at that hair piece and they go
just like that. So if you want to be laughed at like Mo, for example, I have a dead musk red on your
head or some pasty looking thing that looks like Ronnie Reagan's leftover kiwi shoe polish, go right
ahead. They'll ask you their ass off at you. If you want to look like a bench, look better and
younger than you ever dreamed again, there's only one way to do it no matter what anybody else tries
to peddle you. And that's Charles Alphiri's natural hair line system. You have nothing to lose,
but that bald spot because Charlie's got that famous 30 day. You're in tea. After a month, if you
don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting laid at least 15, 20, 30, 40 times
a day, Charlie, give you a full refund. No questions asked, but you won't want to get the money back
because believe you me, you'll be a happy camper. But actually, Nearaj is when you call the save an
extra 200 bucks off the already reasonable price. A Charlie's natural hair line system. Call them
today, toll free. There's no obligation. 1 800 321 24 13. That's 1 800 321 24 13 or log onto that
website at Charles Alphiri.com.
My life and love. This is for trail by city.
Oh, this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour.
John Kerry didn't mess around the people of the soul, and thus we know,
oh,
John Edmert's a big contender for a win and no bound for a few thousand.
Yes, why Dean is feeling each a third place and that's killing him right now.
Oh,
yeah, hard in the floor. We raised the end of last place. He's going home right now.
Oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,
here's a minute after one. Who the hell gives a flying cube about Iowa anyway?
Anybody care? Not really. Iowa's pretty cornball state if you ask me.
Actually, I'll say it again. I like Nebraska. I don't care what you say. I've never been in Nebraska.
You'd like Omaha just fine. No, but I think you're skeptical. I think most people. Oh, that's the Bible belt. That's a bunch of Yahoo's.
Sounds like cowboy country. That's all I'm going to tell you something Omaha makes Miami look like all a South Florida look like.
Wow.
Geneva, New York bad analogy. It makes it look like Asheville, South Carolina. Blow knock North Carolina.
Is Asheville in South Carolina or Northville? No, North Carolina.
Asheville North. Well, here's the latest. I'm mid and this is I see that same facts. He's going to get really bent out of shape with me.
I'm going to say it again. I tell you what I think. I'm not going to tell you what I think you want to hear. No, no, tell me what I think.
I think you'd like to get a hold of Charlize. They're wrong. Oh, no matter how slippery she was, I would grab on.
I will make voting. Dean says to carry stop whining. Now, is this the same doctor Dean, the same governor Dean that was whining to Terry McCollough a couple of weeks ago about how the others in Iowa were ganging up on him and picking on him bad.
That's right. And it was bad for the party with voters in New Hampshire, casting ballots in the first Democratic presidential primary former.
And let me before I get into this, just say one thing. That's a really good sign in Iowa. They had double the number of people show up for the caucuses as they did in the
right 2000. That is a good and in New Hampshire, they're going to break all records, even though they got a little bit of snow out of big storm.
But they're going to break all records for turnout in New Hampshire. They said they're confident of that. We know what that means. That means that bye bye.
W bye bye. W which is maybe why is the caller called earlier and said that the rush people are his typical right.
We just because they know that it's just a matter of time. Count on complacency. Here's our message to George W. Bye bye.
W right. I just mentioned that in passing. That's exciting news. Yeah. I really believe it.
With voters in New Hampshire, casting ballots from our former Vermont governor Howard Dean said today that front running Senator John Kerry should stop whining about his critics.
Kerry has led the New Hampshire poll since his come from behind win in the Iowa caucuses last week.
I was the front runner in this race for a long time. Everybody threw everything they could have made Dean told CNN's this morning.
America American morning. Oh, that's to show it at the bin bed on there. It would bill Hummer.
One of the things John will have to learn as a firm runner is to stop whining when people say something different about him.
Kerry who was interviewed earlier. On CNN defended his votes on both the war in Iraq and the whatever the 82 the 92 whatever the Gulf War.
Said Dean was completely wrong attacking his record. I stood up for the security and common sense with respect to the soldiers who fight wars.
I belong to those soldiers said Kerry decorated Vietnam veteran became a prominent anti war activist and yadi yadi.
But Dean said Kerry will have to learn to be tough now that he's writing at the top of the polls.
I had to take it all summer. He'll have to take it now. He said Dean. He didn't say where to take it.
I think he had that in mind. Don't you think? Yes. That's probably what he's thinking about.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. There's Judy Woodrow fun CNN.
All right. Judy Woodrow. Hey, all right. Judy Woodrow. See she's running.
She would be too many votes after that speech. Religious perhaps she was skewing your last year.
I'd never get a Judy. I used to lucky a little bit. But you know why I liked her?
Because she used to work with Bernard Shaw. If we had Bernie Shaw this year, then we could roll up our sleeves and do do do.
You know what I mean? Yeah. Then even Governor Dean could roll up his sleeves and let it loose and we could still make some headway.
See this business about well there was nothing wrong with that speech. The problem is that the rap on him all long was that he didn't have the temperament to be present.
How many times do we heard that in our about 30 man? And when somebody tells you that and you just kind of like get carried away and you give them this great photo opportunity.
And there was a you know they're going to show 8 million times. That's what happens.
So I would agree that was basically nothing wrong. I mean he got a little carried away. But the fact that a matter is you know this is what he needed to keep his cool.
He doesn't know how to do that. And even Judy, Dr. Judy there says you know when the veins in his neck start popping in.
Is that what you said in that bit? Yes. Sometimes I hate him. Sometimes I hate him. Even with his Shayna punum.
114 for Carrie. 25.3% as we teach the others to the go even the sticks.
449 votes on our poll your choice for today in New Hampshire.
Dean 74 16.4% was about a 9.5 gap. I don't care. It's all bullshit 68.
Wesley Carr Scott 60. I think he's going to do better than some people think. What do you think?
Yes he will. I don't care. I'm for Bush 52 that's down to 11.5%. All right.
See.
Edwards 45 10% Dennis Cassin is 24.4%. If you had better here Dennis if you've gone to Charles Alphiery you could be in double digits.
I guarantee it too late. Al Sharpton 10. And Julie Reminds got only six.
Oi. He's got 1.3%. 5.670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines. Let's hear it. Come on. Let's go.
Let's get with these calls. See. I hear right. I should go back in the phone in the other room.
No. We think that the phones were smoking. They were smoldering with that.
Or you you see it that urgent ring right when the lines are just flashing frantically.
Now there's not a line of tinkling even. They flash loudly.
Damn. There's not even like a little tinkle on there.
And of course the person who sent those two anonymous taxes you think they're going to call.
No. No balls. Now is the phone working now and we have some kind of a.
Come on. You're going to cue. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir.
Hey how you doing? Pretty good.
Radio actually yesterday from 46. I ran into a program called politically simple something like that with the simple political something
Richard. Oh, was the host. Oh my Richard Pearl was the host. Yes. It was called simple politics.
Some crazy thing like that. The radio was pretty interesting though.
But what is your opinion on that guy? Richard Pearl. Yeah. What's his background?
Fascist. He's a fascist. Nazi. Wow. But he was talking pretty, pretty bad about the president's
Bush and everything that he's done lately. Richard Pearl was talking about it.
So I think you need to hear hearing effects. No, Neil. I'm telling him. I'm scared.
Talk bad about what? What was he talking about?
I'm just pushing policy in the warning rack. I'll change the Alabama and it all be.
Yeah. I didn't hear your crazy bird. Richard Pearl. My ass.
Maybe he was listening to many Pearl. Yeah.
Boy. He doesn't know the name of the program. He doesn't know where to how he heard it.
But the guy's name was Richard Pearl. Sure. Wow. See that this goes to show you how dangerous America is.
Mm-hmm. Anybody with a radio TV or a pop-up poster can be really dangerous in a matter of moments
or a couple of hanging chairs. By the way, in fact, that's what that's what T.C. is thinking about
on passions hanging shared. See you have no idea what that means. No. What's too bad?
Getting pretty emotional on. I'm glad I mentioned that passions today is a must watch.
With all the respect to my close friend, a mad dog, listen to the radio with one ear and watch
passions through an NBC. A must watch. The gratuitous, let's get Miguel naked again,
seen as in there. But the most important thing is what comes later on. It's just amazing.
Chocking. Actually, it was a little before that, I think. When Luis gets proposition by a gay,
what do you call a guy's a reporter and a hot not a reporter? What do you call him?
What do you call the guy that does what? No. Like a parametric in the hospital.
An orderly. Yeah. Or that's the word. A gay orderly in a hospital. Excellent.
Gorgeous proposition and then he goes to a fixed hangs do. You know the lovely Hank not our
Hank. I'm not quite that big. Not that lovely. That was funny. But he moose or gel. It's a great
scene. Only on passions. Could you see it? The writers must have been doing extra mushrooms
before they wrote that episode. Gotta check it out today. Trust me or not. WQAM. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Okay. The show is called simply politics and it's on waxy and the guy's
the host is called Richard Pearl. No. Yeah. But that's a local person though. Yeah, it is.
That's what that was talking about. Oh, see, but he doesn't know which Richard Pearl is.
The guy's name really Richard Pearl. Yes, but it's still differently. Yeah, a little bit. Right.
Thank you, Kelly. Yeah. See, okay. So we shouldn't knock that guy that much, but see if
somebody says to me, what do you think of Richard Pearl? Yeah. There's only one Richard
Pearl I know of and I start hearing the stop and that's it. What I start hearing. Paul Wolfe
which Richard Pearl, all of these people, okay? But anyway, why would anybody be listening to
waxy 790? Well, people buy their way on that station. It's like a time-broker. Oh my god. I
listen to it in the afternoon sometimes on the way home. Get out. If the Catholic church show starts
at three. Oh, I'm listening to Hallelujah. I'm going to come close to my child when I replace it.
Okay. Well, thanks for the input. That was good. You see, that was constructive. He's straining
the guy. You want apology. The other guy, you're ripping the ass. I apologize. Okay. He won't accept it.
Richard Pearl. Okay. Well, this is the Paul Wolfe which show. Yeah. Well, I mean, you know,
they'll recognize the voice so the regular listeners don't know us. Maybe we'll cancel
the right wingers and they'll get some of Russia's audience. It's the Paul Wolfe which show?
An untenable. No, I'm dreadropping a few lines like. You understand the stopper keeps track of
every one. Yeah. Things like that. So they'll feel like it's sufficiently right wing. We'll start
Q. I. N. You're
Yes, sir. Go on, dude. How you doing? Starting here, you're having some
artistic old difficulties. Not anymore, man. We got it straight now. Now we got it straight
in the heart. Well, now you're in luck. I'm the highest alley guy. Yeah. Any question for me?
Any questions for me? That was good. It was about to. Yeah, like, what are you taking, man? Where can we get some?
What are you on? And where do we get it? And where do you go? He must know Wilma. You think?
You think he knows Wilma? Doesn't everybody? Oh, God. I think it's around. I'm in no rush to meet her.
Okay, how's that pool coming? Everybody get on that and also get on our website. We got 80 million
very important stories for you that could save your life. Oh, speaking of that, don't let me
forget this study. This goes to show you just how desperate us fat people are and I admit it.
Most fat people are in denial, but I admit it. We are desperate. Study links high carbs and weight
loss. Wait until you hear this. You're absorbing that. High carbs and weight loss. Well, put that
on hold in your brain while we do the brain. Hold in my brain. 12 minutes after mother, that big
storm in New York coming up tonight in New York and Boston again, I've like 10 to 12 inches
a nor Easter. You're gonna freeze. Well, let me look out the window right now. No, actually,
this is tomorrow. This is all gonna be gone here. It's it's pushing. It's pushing hard. Push it good.
I can't see a damn thing. It's just like white. It's just white outside like a winter wonderland.
Like a fairy wonderland, you know? Well, of course, tomato. It's a fairy wonderland every day.
Hey, guys, last time you looked at it, you decided it's just too small speaking of that.
It just doesn't impress women or anybody else. It definitely doesn't last as long as it used to.
We're talking about your paycheck, of course, for that top wreck. What a comedian, huh? What a
yucker. Call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train to start that new high-paying computer
career. In just four short months, fast train can help you get yourself a new high-paying
computer career and change your life for a much better. The demand for computer professionals
continues to grow. So call fast train today at 1-866 fast train. With seven locations, fast
train bond to have a campus nearby you fast train offers job placement, financial assistance for
people to qualify and with day night and weekend classes, there's no excuse for you to stay
in a dead end job. No, Mo. If you register now, you can have your new high-paying career in just
four short months. So in other words, let's see what is in now January, February, March, April,
and other words, by the spring. Call fast train toll free right now at 1-866 fast train or check
them out on that wicked worldwide web at fast train.com because now you two can have a big one like
a quadrack.
Oh, wait, I'm going to go through life. How can you make love to your wife if she's at that
end? Yeah, lose some weight. Shut up, fat boy. And I'm going to fork lift around to the front
lawn. You need to lose six pounds off of your face. He's bad and stupid. Get in, mop,
their way. I got fat.
You know what fat, fat, fat, fat, fat. You know what fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat. You know what fat,
fat, fat, fat, fat. You know what fat, fat, fat, fat. You know what fat, fat, fat, fat,
fat. You know what fat and sugar in the morning were eating healthy. But you can't look fat in the
next red. So, um, is she fat? Don't blame us for your fat ass. Yeah, it seems I'm really fat,
so burger material. Yeah, man, I'm going to eat you. You're a fat idiot. You blink your
eye and she's morbidly obese. Okay, so anyway, study links high carbs and weight loss. We're all fat,
we're big as a house. Oh, the good news is we got the power back. The bad news is it's like the
end of the world outside. I just went in the living room where I'd open up the drapes in the whole
thing. I mean, I can just see white from where I'm sitting right now through the curtains.
But looking right through the window in there, it's like snowing and blowing and blizzard and
the, the handful of people that are out there like, you know, hanging on for dear life so they don't
get blown away. I just, it's really neat to look at it from the inside, you know, I remember. I
will not be going outside. Anyway, in the midst of the low carb craze, a new study suggests that
by eating lots of carbohydrates and little fat, it is possible to lose weight without actually
cutting calories and without exercising either. Oh, sounds perfect. The study was small, consisting
of just 34 overweight adults who either ate their recommended diet for three months,
ate their recommended diet and exercise regularly or ate pretty much what they usually eat.
All meals were prepared for participants who were instructed to eat as much as they wanted.
That's bad, bad advice. They were also told to return any un-eaten food, which the researchers
had enabled them to calculate calorie intake. Many doctors dispute whether people can lose weight
without reducing their food intake and at least one question this studies accuracy, but the diet
is more compatible with conventional notions of healthful eating than the fatty low carb
acids or South Beach diets. Participants on a recommended diet lost about seven pounds without
cutting calories and without exercise and almost 11 pounds with 45-minute cessationary bike
riding four times a week to control group loss no weight. You follow that? No. Participants on
the recommended diet lost about seven pounds without cutting calories and without exercise.
Okay. Foods on these successful diets included the high fiber cereal, vegetarian chouli,
whole wheat spaghetti, many fruits and vegetables and skimmed milk daily calories total about
24-hundred similar to participants usual consumption. Okay. The control group also
received prepared meals with similar calories, but the foods included fatty things like sausage,
scrambled eggs, macaroni and cheese. Oh, I love that. French fries, whole milk and fewer fruits and
veg to apples. All right. Okay. Round and just another pile of crap is what it is. Whatever works
for you. Okay. Whatever works for you. Like any snowed-in for a couple of weeks, you'd lose a
lot of weight, especially if you don't have much in the cupboard. If the cupboard is bare.
What are you doing that case? I guess you ordered delivery. Right on. See this being a real
a real city. You could order like almost anything. I mean, chinks and Italian and Greek. Well,
that's another story. What's your choice? Need to hamper your primary today is our pull-a-question.
For him to leave 84 votes. If we don't get to 550 by two o'clock, George is doing the show the rest
of the week as I'm sick. Well, I mean, I think we made a miraculous recovery today. I think I made a
miraculous recovery. Sure. From the depths of despair and of course just getting over this cold,
getting my voice back and rigging all this damn herb tea, which by the way, strawberry kiwi is the best.
Ooh, that sounds good. I like kiwis. It's what's the brand again? The herbal tea. It's still seasonings.
Celestial seasonings. Strawberry kiwi, caffeine-free tea. Man, it is the best. If you drink too much,
you'll spend a lot of time in the tea room, but it's good. Is it even better than hyacinth? Hybuscus?
Oh, God. Okay, here's the deal. 484 votes. Carry 120. Dean 81. 24.7% for scary John Kerry. 16.7%
for Howard Dean. Precincts are seeing heavy turnout by the way in a vote like I told you.
I told you, I told you, I just don't see an end. I'm not certainly news network. Big heavy turnout.
And guess who? The heavier turnout is supposed to favor. I know I'll give you one guess.
Governor Dean, because he's very excited. His hysterical mad facts you that keeps like two of me out,
like I had something to do with it. He just might pull us off. You never know. Nearly 38%
have no party preference at the voters. New Hampshire, which I don't know. I have a problem accepting that.
Right. That's like not having a favorite color, favorite food. Yeah.
Our here's a Justin says Richard Pearl is on 790 AM Monday 4 to 6. Thursday 8 to 9 PM.
It is not the ass-white that's with a Bush black group. Well, that's obvious. He puts his own money
up for the show, which is obvious. If you haven't listened to him, you should because he's putting out
all the facts about the hijack country from Bush and his assholes. Well, that's great, Justin,
but I'm not going to be listening because number one, I'm not there. And number two, if I were there,
I wouldn't listen to it. And number three, I don't want to hear about that. I mean, we already know that.
But in any case, how many listeners do you got? About 30, man. In any case, what? You go dick.
Yeah, go dick. Carry 121 D81. I don't care. It's a lot of bullshit.
78. Clark 62. I don't care. I'm from Bush 57. 11.6%. Now, looking big.
N words 52, who said it's 21, sharp in 13. And Julie remains got six. Since my suballs,
he doesn't know where to stick him. Well, that sounds good. You know what? A nice big bowl of hot
moths of all soup. Yes, it does. I know where to get it, too, but I'm sure it's how I'm not going
there today, but should they deliver? No, they don't. You don't take out taxi. Huh? Take out taxi.
They deliver everything. Well, they do hear that. I'm sure we have that. You must have some
set. What I want to do. I don't want to do that. Go through all that folder. All I can make me a nice
big pot of spaghetti. 5670560 pound five five six. I love spaghetti, man. If I, if there was just one
food, I could eat the rest of my life. Forget about the ice cream. Forget about sugar. Just spaghetti.
Oh, man. Oh, yeah. Was sliced up hot dogs. I could just eat butter noodles. Only problem is no
wienies. Maybe I'll just like put on all my, maybe I'll rough it. Okay. How's that sound?
I have a scarf. I got my heavy winter coat. I got my tuk. Yeah, you got boots. You can't be in
Canada without a tuk. I don't need no boots. Are you crazy? Who do I need boots? Pizza walk in
the boots are for pansies, man. Oh, I heard some boots. Yeah. And I think I'm going to
rough it and go to the store. All right. I think. Why the hell am I? You can get to it's blowing hard.
Listen, you're fat. You got to let installation. That's right. Give it a shot. Then I can, and even if
I'm not sick, I can pretend and call and sick the rest of the week, even if we do get to 550.
Somebody faxes me, he says political movies. This is our good faxery w a and del Rey who should know
better. Come on, wl. Get with it. Bob Roberts didn't. There wasn't Bob Roberts on our
poies today. They recommended highly to you and say I'm going to bring it back when I come home
and they can see it. Yes, with Tim Robbins. It's great. Primary colors, John Pervolta plays a
Clinton S candidate. Now, isn't that the one where they got the wagging the dog thing from primary
colors? Grim, I'm not sure. They did have a, I think it was probably wag the dog. It's moving
up. Yeah, right. Wag the dog with Robert De Niro and Dustin Hoffman. The only reason I know that
is because it's on here. Well, I haven't seen either one of them. The man, James Earl Jones plays
the first African American president. He demand no way out. Naval officer Kevin Costner investigates
a killer close to secret defense. So Gene Hackman, surprisingly good. Prince Jack and a
reverent look at the JFK myth. Truman, Gary Sinesey, rocks as the president that fired McCarty, dropped
the bomb and said the buck stops here and pat to the war. How LBJ got company Moranse of Vietnam,
the last film of John Frankenheimer of Manchu and Kennedy fame and reindeer games. Excellent. So
list there WL Del Rey like I said, you redeem yourself. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and
Verizon wireless line. WDQ I am. Nail. Yes, sir. How's it going? Hey, I got a poll idea for tomorrow.
Okay. Who would it take for you to vote for George Bush? Who would it take? What does that mean?
Like, who could have you running against? You would vote you'd rather vote for Bush.
Okay, that's a good idea. I like that. That's a good idea. Thanks, Paul.
Excellent idea. What about the word a little better though?
Okay, well, and the guy gave us a good, I see, see what I mean about George Josh. He is such a hard
ass. You don't give a little bit of, you, you don't cut anybody even like a half an inch of slack.
What's your point? You're a hard ass. You're a guava-loven hard ass pick. Yeah. The guy comes up with an
ass-lens. It's a great idea. I said, yeah, you know, I have to worry about it better. Like, you're
knocking. I mean, he's trying to like put it into words. How often have I done it a million times?
Okay. Not good, man. Right. Well, the guy that you're knocking, man, you're knocking.
And the reason he's probably reeking, I don't know. We got to worry a little bit. I think he was
Colombian. No, that's good. I'll say it again. Let's write it out.
No, I'm just going to write it out. All right. Which? How do you say it? I'm not going to say
nothing now. Well, seriously, which candidate would have to run against Bush for you to vote for Bush?
Huh? I don't know how else you said. Which candidate? Okay. Let's write again. Who would the
Democrats have to run for you to vote for Bush? The Democratic, who would the Democratic candidate
have to be? Excuse me, I'm writing pretty slow for an old fart. Who would the Democratic candidate
have to be? For you to vote for Bush. Obviously, we'll have those who are already for Bush and
those who wouldn't vote for him or under any circumstances. No, I don't think that's the idea that
the guy had and I don't know what was the idea then that we could just put anybody on the list.
Because if you do it that way, the candidates that are already on there, Lieberman's going to win.
It's just going to be the upside down version of the poll we've already been. So then what did he
have in mind then? Like, explain it to me. Who? What human being alive on planet earth right now could
they run against Bush that would make you vote for Bush? I see. I sure like that a lot better because
I'll kill much more time. Right. I got one. Absolutely. There you go.
If I had to choose between those two, I just, I just leave the country. That's where I already did.
Thank God. Maybe I was Prussian. 28 past one at 560 WQM. Hey, welcome in the Chinese New Year with
the Emerald Coast. From now through February the 8th to join the Emerald Coast for its traditional
Chinese New Year specialties, how these specials include roasted duck, suckling pig. Can I say that?
No. Sweet and sour fish and an assortment of Chinese dumplings served every evening during the
New Year's celebration. With every meal, every child receives a traditional Chinese New Year lucky charm.
And China Emerald Coast, of course, has its regular vaguities I'll wait and for you.
Like six different kinds of soups. New York strip made order in their sizzling Asian
grilled and their brand new seafood say Jacques oysters on a half shell. Alaskan stone crabs,
middle neck clams, jumbo shrimp scampy every night. If you still have room, try the handcar
premiere of the new Thai specialties. And please don't ever forget that there's no MSG,
no cornstarch, no MSG headaches, no crap at the Emerald Coast. They use only cholesterol free
oils and all the cooking too. The buffet features a full salad bar, the new sushi bar,
fresh room cocktail as well. And if you have any room at the end, I don't know how you could.
But if you do, bring along that crowbar and make some room for dessert because they got a full
dessert station with bells and waffles, pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite
toppings and even fresh fruit. The Emerald Coast, three locations for you for real feast anytime.
Sunrise, Pine Island of 44th Street, North Miami Beach, Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd
Street and in Pemberg Pines at the intersection of Flamingo and prestigious Pemberg Roads.
So take the whole family book your next business luncheon right now and let the folks at the Emerald
Coast cook up a feast for you. Take out and deliver your available two called 954-5723822.
That's 954-5723822 for the amazing, unbeatable, unmatchable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
He's finally complete. He did all the wets and football and hockey and the thoroughbreds.
Rolls-line enough, people's-line enough.
134-560s fired up about it. George Soros writes,
he don't think I'm going to read this to him. Could you please? Yes.
In yesterday's Guardian UK newspaper, the headline is the US is now in the hands of a group of
extremists. He's my hero. The invasion of Iraq was the first practical application of the
pernicious Bush doctrine of preemptive military action and it elicited an allergic reaction
worldwide, not because anyone had a good word to say about Sodom Hussein, but because we insist
on invading Iraq unilaterally without any clear evidence that he had anything to do with 9-11
or that he possessed weapons of mass destruction. The gap in perceptions between America and the
rest of the world has never been wider. A broad America is seen as abusing the dominant position
of the human rights and occupies. Opinion at home has been led to believe that Sodom posed a
clear and present danger to national security only in the aftermath of the Iraqi invasion or people
becoming aware that they've been misled. Even today many people believe that 9-11 justifies
behavior that would be unacceptable in normal times. The ideologues of Americans of supremacy and
prison ambushed personally never cease to remind us that 9-11 changed the world. It is only as
the untoward consequences of the invasion of Iraq become apparent that people are beginning to
realize something has gone woefully wrong. We fall into a trap. The Suicide Bombers' motivation
seemed incomprehensible at the time of the attack. Now a light begins to dawn. They wanted us
to react the way we did. Perhaps they understood us better than we understand ourselves.
And we've been deceived when he stood for election in 2000. President Bush promised a humble foreign
policy. I contend that the Bush administration has deliberately exploited 9-11 to pursue policies
that the American public would not have otherwise tolerated. The U.S. can lose its dominance only as a
result of its own mistakes, and present the countries in the process of committing such mistakes,
because it's in the hands of a group of extremists whose strong sense of mission is matched only
by their false sense of certitude. This distorted view postulates that because we are stronger than
others, we must know better and must have right on our side. That is where religious fundamentalism
comes together with market fundamentalism to form the ideology of American supremacy.
We may have more difficulty in perceiving the absurdity of pursuing supremacy by military means
because we've learned to rely on military power and we particularly feel the need for it when our
very existence is threatened. But the most powerful country on earth cannot afford to be consumed by
fear. To make the war on terrorism the centerpiece of our national strategy is an abdication of our
responsibility as the leading nation of the world. The U.S. is the only country that can take the
lead in addressing problems that require collective action preserving peace and economic progress,
protecting the environment, and so on. Whatever the justification for removing
Sodom there can be no doubt that we have invaded Iraq on false pretenses,
winningly or unwittingly, President Bush deceived the American public in Congress and
wrote a rough shot over our allies' opinions. The gap between the administration's expectations
and the actual state of affairs couldn't be wider. We put it risk not only our soldiers' lives
but the combat readiness of our armed forces, who are overstretched in our ability to protect our
powers been compromised, yet there are more places where we need to protect our power than ever.
North Korea is openly building nuclear weapons. Iran is doing so clandestinely. The Taliban is
regrouping in the post-unear areas of Afghanistan. The cost of occupation and the prospect of
permanent war-way on our economy, and we're failing to address the festering problems both at
home and globally. If we ever need proof that the neocons' dream of Americans' supremacy
had misconceived, Iraq has provided it. It's hard to imagine how the plans of the
defense department could have gone more awry. We find ourselves in a quagmire that is in some ways
reminiscent of Vietnam. Having invaded Iraq, we can't extricate ourselves. The domestic
pressure to withdraw is likely to build as the Indian Vietnam war, but withdrawing would inflict
irreparable damage on our standing in the world. In this respect, Iraq is worse than Vietnam because
of our dependence on Middle East oil. Nobody forced us into it, but on the contrary, everyone
warned us against it. Admittedly, Saddam was a heinous tyrant, and it was a good thing to get rid
of them, but at what cost? The occupying power service of focal point for attracting terrorists
and radicalizing Islam, our soldiers have to do police work in full combat gear.
And across the occupation is estimating a staggering $160 billion for the fiscal years,
2003 and 4, 73 billion for 2003 and 87 billion in the supplemental request for 2004,
submitted at the last minute and September of three. Of the $87 billion, only 20 billion is for
reconstruction, but the total cost of reconstruction is estimated at $60 billion. For comparison,
our foreign aid budget for 2002 was only $10 billion. There's no easy way out. The bushing
industry is eager to get the UN more involved, but it's unwilling to make the necessary concessions.
We have no alternative to sticking it out and paying the price for our mistake. Eventually,
a different president with a different attitude to international cooperation may be more successful
in extricating us. The U.S. is not the only country at the center of the global capital
system, but it's the most powerful and the main driving force behind globalization. The European
Union may equal the U.S. in population and gross national product, but it is far less united and
far less comfortable with globalization, in military terms the EU doesn't even qualify as a
power because members of it make their own decisions. Insofar as any nation is in charge of the
world order, it is the U.S. That is not to suggest that other countries are exempt from having to
concern themselves with the well-being of the world. The rightitudes are not without consequence,
but it's the U.S. that matters most. If Bush is reelected in 2004, his policies can be written
off as an aberration and America resumes its rightful place in the world. But if he is reelected,
the elector will have endorsed his policies and we will have to live with the consequences,
but it isn't enough to defeat Bush at the polls. The U.S. must examine its global role in the
adoptive or constructive vision. We cannot merely pursue narrow national self-interest,
our dominant position imposes a unique responsibility. George Sero, yesterday's regarding New
202 at 560 QAM.
They're married, Catherine!
Jude!
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music biography profile story,
we take a good, hard stiff look and to start them. They have the same name as the dog in the
interesting hands. They were total. We found the music of Toto to be tremendously effective
in curing Insomnia. Marvin Nodolph is the founder of a sleep disorder research lab in Palme
of the California. I mean, those f**k start playing and bam, you are out man! Check it out!
I hope nobody's driving when they hear this.
Unfortunately, Martin, civil people are driving right now.
Hey, just to know that Toto's music, my music, is being used to heal people, you know?
I mean, what more could an artist want?
What?
Congratulations, Toto front van David Page! You are the 100th celebrity on our program to
report to yourself as an artist! When in fact, you really though!
Oh, wow, what an honor!
Toto's founder and lead singer David Page was suitably stunned at receiving his undo acclaim
for being a pretentious mother f**k.
Board with him, we returned to the sleep disorder clinic where Toto's chart topping hit
Africa was curing Insomnia's record numbers.
Toto, what can be said about that hasn't already been said about watching paint try?
It's a big juicy, softened wit look at your business tonight, uninsides behind.
145 at 560 WK, remember what I said a couple of minutes ago about bundling up and braving the
weather going outside? Yeah, you decided not?
Forget about it!
That's my best to do. I just went in living room and looked out the window, man, it is a blizzard
like the end of the world. It is just unreal. You couldn't walk out and edit for it.
You're like dependent on it. I'll just have to commit sausages.
So I just have a little, speaking of sausage, a little pasta.
I got plenty of soda in the house, a little more herb tea to suit my throat, take a
slice long nap before you know it's time for the show tomorrow.
So I wrote out the poll for tomorrow. Who would be the Democratic candidate?
Who would the Democratic candidate have to be free to vote for Bush?
There you go. And of course I'm for Bush regardless.
They're really going to give them an out and out?
Yes!
Yes, yes. Give them a place to go, a place to roost, okay?
They got to have somewhere to go. Hopefully, maybe on Mars will be good.
I'll speak into that.
Now that opportunity, the twin of spirit is sitting there near the rock formations and
there one in the, what do they say, one in a trillion chance that it would land there?
Right.
Opportunities, Mariae, any planum landing site was chosen because it's believed to be full of
iron-bearing hematite. The semi-precious mineral usually forms on earth in the presence of
light.
Water.
Leading science is to believe that water once flowed there.
Principal investigators Steve Squires called the spot the hematite capital of the solar system.
Well, if that be true, which I have no way how we would know that. But if that's true,
that means water, water, everywhere, not a drop to drink. But don't be flushed in down
because there might be some life in that sink.
Right?
Satan.
Life on Mars, baby. How do the really, I bet you they're scurrying out a kind of like, come up with some
new chapters, huh? Maybe with some new apostles and some new chapters and some new geckys.
Oh, how did God take time to put life on Mars when the earth is supposed to be the center of the
universe and everything we've all around the earth?
They have a Pat answer for anything that exists that is not really in the Bible.
I'm waiting to hear it.
The Bible discusses things that exist. It doesn't discuss everything that exists.
I see.
Well, why not?
Because it's all you need to know.
We're on a new job, baby.
The paper hem didn't God give Moses all these of the law.
These tablets, they'll allow.
He said take two and call me in the morning.
See, we're on a new to no basis from God.
We know the Bible gives us everything that we need.
We know something.
Somebody better call them up because we sure as hell don't know too much.
Especially the way things are going lately.
It's got everything you need.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Well, I'll tell you seriously, I have this feels today like a 40 hour, I feel like a marathon man.
Ooh, marathon man, I got that drop in here.
Do you?
Somewhere.
I'm waiting for it.
I thought it was in here.
Yeah, well take your time.
We only got a few minutes to kill anyway.
Don't you throw away him, hello.
Here we go.
It's safe.
Oh, there?
Yes, sir.
No, God came here for one reason.
Reverend Jones.
Yeah, it's Reverend Jones.
It came here to get rid of your ass.
That's why.
In fact, he sent a you to the moon man.
You and Alice are both going to the moon.
That's three times Reverend Jones today.
Schmuck, get a life of my way.
Dick Feinberg says,
do I ever come back to the track unless you got a bucket full of money?
Really, he has to have the track doesn't he?
Huh?
He hangs out at the track.
At Poppano Park.
Yes.
Yeah.
In fact, I'm going to tell Wally Hennessey to whip him into shape.
Hey Wally, when he raised this month, what do you say?
No.
Boys, he has stiffed this month.
Wally, it's Swaco's WQA.
Hello.
And Wally, it's Swaco's.
QAM.
Wally QAM.
What's up, Neil?
Mr.
Turn that radio off, please.
Turn that radio down, man.
I just did.
Okay.
Hey.
You catch anything last night on TV?
The one thing?
Dean's talking about some politics with some kids since school
and you have to where is it?
No.
He didn't?
Mr.
How's the woman kind of it?
He is the best.
Wow.
He is my.
Why?
No, he is the best.
Hey, touch us all the bases, baby.
Even Pete Rose never touched that many.
What?
Who's your choice in that New Hampshire primer?
I think this is the last time.
Oh, we got the 55th and we need to keep you off the year,
the rest of the week.
A bad.
Like I said, we get 8,000 votes.
Carry 134.
24.3%.
Dean 88.
And it's really great.
He's got 16%.
Doing better here.
I think he's going to come in second.
I really do.
Don't you?
Yes.
All that crap bottom coming in third.
In fact, maybe he'll even pull it out.
Hey.
Carry 134.
Dean 88.
I don't care.
It's all butcher bullshit.
87.
Clark 66.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush 65.
11.
8%.
Edward 63.
Right on Bush's ass.
Who's still his 25.
Sharp in 15.
And Julie Berman's got.
Seven.
Out of 55, the only 1.2%.
Why is he wasting everybody's time?
I think.
Why are they wasting all of that good
home entotion that some useful human
being might be enjoying so much?
WQM.
Hello.
Now that is the sound of silence.
Have you ever heard a line sound that didn't
you're like?
Ah.
He.
Wow.
WQM.
Hello.
Another one.
QAM.
Hola.
Can we please add Jackie Johnson to my tall?
All right.
All right.
You like to you like to stick Jackie Johnson
on your poll any day, man?
All right.
You really wish and spinner that skank that.
Oh, brother, I think of that poll the other day.
That was something.
Well, maybe they like a donkey.
Puss.
I don't know.
WQM.
Hello.
What is the story here, man?
I don't know.
WQM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How do you know how much would you pay to take that
reverence?
It's him again.
No, it's not.
He calls all the time that Reverend Guy.
That's not him.
Okay.
That's not me.
No, it's not you.
You're not clever enough to be him.
It's not him.
It was the lady that said it.
First of all, there's two of them.
What?
It's him and the buddy.
Yeah.
Can you read the credits on the CD that they sent you?
Oh, brother, you really, you need rehab is what you need.
Okay.
You and Rush can go into the air zone.
I think you're going to rush.
Yeah.
They're tag teaming.
Why are you so whipped up about this?
I know.
I keep trying to get you to know.
You won't listen to me.
I don't really care.
I am okay.
You're right.
Whatever you say.
Every call is Reverend Jones.
And it's tag teaming.
No, it's not.
Every call.
Okay.
All right.
Everyone.
You watch.
This next one.
You'll see WQM.
Reverend Jones line.
Hello.
Yeah, keep dancing.
Please check my pod.
Now, was that Reverend Jones?
Of course not.
That's a head-on.
A central man calling.
So which one?
That was a heterosexual calling, obviously.
You don't know which Jack Johnson he's talking about.
He's talking about Jack Johnson.
Johnson's Jack.
152 at 560.
QM, thank God.
It'll be over soon.
Man, the pain is just unbearable.
Line and local.
Here's sports video 560.
He's healing.
You A M.
That's a bitch.
Hey, Harut.
By the way, sir.
I've been giving it some stuff.
See?
Oh, what do you think of this?
I know that me and you can do much better.
Go with 6 to 10 and not in 5.
Again, Thailand, the cranky Jew.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bag.
It's fast on to time.
No chance I'll go and show it to you.
I'd rather die with the grassy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big monkey Jew
from Brooklyn Heights.
I've been waiting for everybody but you.
You're not my type.
Me and Mom just that would blow.
No way that if we had a fight
that you'd survive
who'd want to hear a genital
and push it down
that's graphic again.
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
And show what you and me
for me is much better 6 to 10 and not in 5.
It's only right that I should get more sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
What's wrong?
Happy to get there.
What's wrong?
What can you be better?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
Oh, oh, oh.
All right.
158 and 560 WQM.
I got an email from my good friend,
Kent Halpern from Nationwide Limbo.
Yes.
Which we're back in good, the graces,
and did a wonderful job.
You know that when he brought me to the airport
to come up here?
He brought his little Chihuahua puppy.
Oh yeah, probably a few half an hour.
Just a few months old.
It's actually bigger than that, almost as big as tiny was.
And he was like chewing on me the whole way to the airport and the dog too.
Actually, it was a cute little dog.
I'm not getting no more dogs though, Ken.
Thank you very much, but it just didn't go over too big in my house.
The idea that I don't think so.
No more babysitters.
No more getting tied down.
No more cleaning up the oil.
She was okay when I was there and I could clean up the crap.
That was okay.
I'm the duty man.
I didn't mention something today and you should have tuned me out for a good friend,
Ira Atlantic City subs.
Oh there is.
