How it how it's bad. Oh
I'm a shun the city what's this thing called electricity?
L.A. where it's hot muggy ain't no place for a horse and buddies
They might go on a vendor where a big hat's in funny suspenders
Listen to that. Oh, it's a different world
No folks so you can't call girls come on come on and raise that barn
They can't swear they can just say
If you miss it, the city these kids they can't stay the same because they're honest in the city
Because they're honest in the city
No more eating only mutton they can use zippers instead of buttons
First time see it a computer going for lunch at a place called hooters
Car's home never heard street noise and it's the first time they've ever seen a homeboy
Listen in back home. It's a different thing
No tattoos or belly rings come on come on and feel no guilt when you get home
You can do this that will L.A. the place is so pretty if they say how will they survive when they're honest in the city when they're honest in the city
I'm dying over here
You
It's 1117 at 560 WQM nice thing. What do you see? What was that?
Do you know
We got Josh Cordis in the beast today George is off today because his daughter is on a way to Japan
Any of the taker of the airport. So here we are anything else Robin
I got an idea what do you see we go till midnight
All right, okay, huh
We're gonna go on till midnight whether mad dog likes it or not whether I'm more like it
Don't don't don't don't don't don't you by the way moe your full of it as usual is mo man. Oh man. He is just more a momentous
lunatic
He thinks that I'm upset over the fact that I'm other taking time off of my show that I have to work a lot less for the same money
Hey, guess what moe you're living in a dream world the only thing that does bug me is that whole you know
Be nice if we knew when they were going home if they ran out of gas finally and true in the towel
Anything else rob it anything else is there anything else for you know
It's just a little bit you know over the top you know I'm saying
Is there anybody there on that side? Yeah, we're here
Yeah, what are you gonna be the silent routine like Zack? How is that it? No, no, no, I wouldn't do that
Yeah, you do it all the time, but you are just a big tub of crap
Anything else I think she has another one for you. Here's a fact that says this sucks
I must listen on the internet worst of all you haven't started your show yet. It's around 1045
Well guess what 30 minutes later we're still waiting
So I'm ecstatic they can go on to one o'clock
But it would be nice to have like some little inkling it by the window get done because I don't want to have to listen to her
Drowning on anything else anything else. I you know because it's it's not my cup of tea. I'm delighted that we got that on the year
It's enlightening is it yeah the news very enlightening. It says even if I wanted to listen to Howard Stern
He's not streaming on QA and what up with that? Yeah, what up with that? Well, I guess we can't stream his show on QA
I'm right on anything we're streaming that air in the morning really yeah, well, that's one more a bonus for us
That's great
Here's Steve who's obviously doesn't understand that he says I just want to let you know you're not broadcasting on the internet today
I can hear the promos and the whistling sound during commercials
Well, then it goes dead when you come on. I hope this can be repaired. Well, guess what Steve when you sent this facts
hours ago I wasn't on
So you didn't miss what you missed the Howard Stern show, but you didn't miss this because I was not why don't you just do your own show on the internet
And then we'll just stream it on QA I love to do that. That's a great idea. You'll just start it 10 of the internet
No, like I said, that's a really bad idea. Oh right. They'll go for that
They don't want to be associated with that because you know, I'd use all the words that have been invented
And don't you just want to add this one? I don't you want to add that one and come on
Let's add this one and Jenna James and I don't give you started now. I don't want to say word
You know what I'm saying?
Because that show is not for me that show is for the people who would go out and like it
They got a huge audience or you feel like I love the tremendous promotion by the way the WQM is given to
You rival and Howard's here and a couple of very jackass interviews in the Jim Sarni story and the very in the sports page that nobody who listens to Howard Stern reads anyway
Any billboards? No, any newspaper ads? No, any flyers?
Anybody walking around with a sandwich board on Lincoln Road Mall or in Boynton Beach up there?
No, of course if they were in Boynton Beach
It wouldn't care anyway because they'd be listening on buzz 103 and they'd hear it like a clean and non-expergated pretty much and with a really good signal
But nevertheless not for us to ask these questions is it we just work here? We just work here
We want the money so Mo if you see Mo Howard David and he wants a lot of
Angst and a lot of conflict and a lot of anger
If that piece thinks that I'm going to accept his apology, you know
You're just an angry old bitter man. It's all you are Mo
So if you want to conjure up in your mind that I'm all been out of shape because Stern goes on till
1045 1115 whenever they quit the screwing around all right
If they went on till 130
I'd be the happiest man on the face of their thing
It paid this kind of money for doing a lot less work
All I can say is oh right this man if this old crow
Do you really believe oh sorry crow if this old cude really believes
That I'm here like save the world or something like that
This is the same guy that was ripping me several months ago. Oh here you see span under radio
He's going to be reading the newspaper articles again. I you know
That was bad but now I'm supposed to be saving a world because I decided I don't I'm not going to get angry over the fact that they've cut my workload down
I mean this man is just
Impossible I heard those some of those promos. I didn't hear too much this morning, but I heard some of those promos
Same Q. I.M. Howard Stern Neil Maddog and the hammer
That was I didn't hear nothing about Goli
I didn't hear nothing about Mo
Oh Steve says you're back on the net have a great day. Well, we never were on the net
Don't you understand the Howard Stern show we're not allowed to stream that on the net
Because then we're not allowed to do this we're not allowed to use his voice and we're not allowed to do anything because he is the king of all hype
So we can't to do that
1700 eight votes on Georgia's pool and by the way you can scratch out that first break because we're not going to like try to jam four breaks into like 45 minutes
Okay, I'm just talking
The time came and it went for our break and it was gone. So bye-bye
That's something that they're going to have to work out with the water not so you can figure out what they're doing because they obviously don't
Georgia asked yesterday. So how does this during show sound on Q.A.M. on yesterday the debut of the Howard Stern show on WQ.A.M.
Oh
And here's the result not too promising so far. I
Didn't listen before and I'm still not listening. We have 1700 eight votes. I didn't listen before I'm still not listening
563 33% of third how do you like that? You've heard with all the dumps. It sounds like crap 380
I should mention right up front yet
That the audience thinks that the mufflinzy is dumping everything
He is but in addition to that we're having all kinds of satellite problems so there are dropouts on the satellite
That's when grieper cranks up that heavy metal music right. It's actually Tommy's band that he's playing
So Tommy's band sounds pretty good the only problem being that the audience thinks every time they hear that oh that
Dupts is dumping again the Howard must have said crap or something, you know
So we got the dumps and then we got the dropouts on the satellite
So with those two together it really does sound like crap
So with all the dumps it sounds like crap 380 22.2% to them
Great sounds great. It's good to have Howard back 291
It sounds like crap, but I'm still going to listen 196
So if you add those two together you got 28.4% which leads another 72% almost
I want my sports back 191 and because of the signal it sounds like crap 87 because it's on a crappy AM station with
with all of that
So um a lot of unhappy people I guess but keep in mind this is just a transition period right
Right it'll get better
It'll get a lot better in addition to which most of the stern people don't have any idea that he's on this radio station because Greg
Read as usual has dropped the ball. This is it's unbelievable how anybody
Delayable can in fact if you get a fast Greg I bet you some of them for these clover's might drop out and want it to horseshoe
Yes, they don't get up too fast
I have never seen anybody make more mistakes do more things wrong
Unacceptable and just every time it's like jumping into a bunch of horse crab and coming out smelling like life
You know that's him
I don't know how he does it you know that's right. You're not a position to say yeah
I have no idea but you are in a position to say how well in fact Josh Cordis I'll out you right now
He used to when the first one this morning told me about Mo opening up a big mouth
I'm going to be listening tomorrow morning because I think Neil is going to be very upset about and I don't believe any of that crap
It's all on the air you're full of crap, Mo
You're just a professional trouble maker which is why you've been blown out everywhere you've ever worked
Just about or maybe everywhere and why if they had any way to get you out of there right now believe you me
I saw a hang on the remember hang over he's still alive. I saw him on a racing thing on
This an ABC on Saturday did a good job. He was there with Brent Mausberg and a bunch of guys
In fact, there's hang what a consulted with me. I would have given him the Frankie Dittori horses the second horse of the
Pick for there. He'd have been had a little better shot
But at any rate that he did a good job and he's still around very round and he's
Hopefully coming back everybody in the radio station
We took a pool before the show this morning while Robin was giving us another story and anything else anything else
And the pool is pretty much unanimous. We want the hopper back
Nevertheless, we've been out talk about it. Christy Turlington behind a beat of curtain on neo-rangers.com
Born January 2nd 1969. I think that's the second time we had her run the thing isn't
I don't remember. Now probably before you started. It's a while back. There you go
Christy Turlington, so that makes her 35 last time. I checked ruin in Walnut Creek, California
Ladies and gentlemen best of George Michael
Wow, and I must have been a short flick. Inimate portrait. Now we'll be cambo scene smoking cigarette cinnamon in the midst of cool the Beatles revolution a lot of made for TV crap
catwalk unzipped
Uh, and a bunch and that's it basically, but there she is. He looks pretty decent, I would say she ain't no Jenna Jameson
But who the hell is right? Right
You think how is gonna F Jenna Jameson? Don't forget the Howard Stern show that was on this morning will be on e tonight
See we're here to promote the Stern show. I'm delighted to have Monc Cuyon. It's a great lead in
I mean, I don't I don't I can't handle the show myself especially well any of it
Anything else Robin
Seriously stop and think about it. How massive does your ego have to be to just go on until they practically drag you off kicking and screaming at like 10-20
He said, you know, we're gonna wrap it up after this. Right those at 10-20 right well. They did
It just happened to be like 55 minutes later
26 after 11 at 560, I'm gonna QA and over the years I've told you about Chuck Alfie
Our aim is patented hair system is Charles Alfie
Are they simply the best in the business for over 35 years providing amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually 100 percent
detectable and right now Charlie's in producing the latest development hair restoration called the new laser light therapy treatment
It's used for treating fine and thinning here. This new treatment is that is FDA certified restores your hair and scalp
Actual it's healthiest state while increasing hair shaft density and volume the new laser light therapy
That's cool light laser devices effective on both men and women
It's a painless non-invasive treatment that's completed in about just a half an hour
Charlie and his staff are witnessed dramatic results with this great new system that impedes hair fallout for those of you with fine and thinning here
So stop thinking that by some kind of miracle your thinning here is just gonna stop falling into the sink the shower on the flow
And give Charlie a call to learn more about the new exciting laser life therapy treatments
And how can solve your thinning hair problems that truly can change your life and the way you look
Call him toll-free today. There's no obligation call 1-800-321-2413
That's 1-800-321-2413 run the web. It's Charles Alfieery.com
Hey, it's Ali. Howdy David
Hi, bye, bye, tell me tell me my life
Hi, bye, tell me tell me my life
Now you're the boy, now the sink can't tell the life of your love
At the best and safe, just to be with you
I call him your boy
The one around here is gonna miss you
I've got a lot of little to do
I love I love this youthful career
Why, I love this happy life
Why, I love this happy life
I love this happy life
I love this happy life
I love this happy life
I love this happy life
I love this happy life
I love this happy life
I love this happy life
On the 32-28-2-0-560 WQ-A-M
Here's an interesting fact. It's uh going to show you that we're right on top of things
Well before we do that, let me do the poll for today
I bet you wondering what inspired me to do this for aren't you?
What inspired you to do this wonderful poll?
Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity of all time?
Some people say beloved but I don't think that's the correct pronunciation
Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity of all time?
The reason I'm doing that is 27 years ago was it yesterday or today?
The king died
And they just can't let go
And everybody's talking again about Graceland and how they keep schlepping there. It's just amazing
Anyway, I've got four choices on here and I'm sure a lot of uh we can add a lot more
Lucille Ball, I mean everybody loves Lucy, right?
Sure. Even though that's before you guys time but still
Red Sculpton, God bless
Carol Burnett or Elvis those are the first four I put on there being the old troll that I am
Now somebody that fases me today's schedule from the QM website
Nice going Clarence you're really on top of it baby
Maybe if Clarence would get off of you and on top of the working might get something done
He's actually scanning right here
Nice job on that QM website. It's got today's program schedule
Gildy 5 to 8 a.m.
The big 8 to 10 a.m.
George Rodriguez 10 to 2 p.m. is that right?
Bo Camp or 2 to 4 is that correct?
The Hank Goldberg show
Or kind of sort of
Nice going Clarence you're really on top of it if you do a little bit of work
Okay instead of running around, hopping around while he's in there with you doing what?
Doing you? He's fixing the log
Fixing the log? Well guess what? Like somebody I know would say
Don't laugh with my log
Okay, he's fixing it, huh?
I think we need to fix him although I think nature had a head start
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and for rise in wireless line
The most beloved American celebrity of all time
President Bush will face a home video barrage for which before the election
This is good news
Fierran height anything else fight away Robin?
Fierran height 9 11 Michael Morris is sold on Bush and his handling of the 9 11
Attacks debuts on DVD and videotape October number 5
Right right excellent the announcement yesterday confirmed more's initial intention to
Have the film out shortly before election day at time prem the director favored since maze can
Fill best film festival warfare night on level one top honor
After the movie debut directed box office numbers for a documentary distributor
Linesgate and indicated the movie might continue playing theatrically through the end of the year
Potentially delaying the home video release but surprise not going to happen
Among DVD extras will be a feature read examining the release of Fierran height 9 11
Which lost its theatrical distributor last spring after Disney refused to let
Subcity or a mirror max handle a film because of its political content
Also featured on the DVD will be deleted footage that includes the scene outside the
Abukar prison in Iraq where 7 US soldiers have been charged with the using Iraqi prisoners
Coverage of Lila Lipscomb the mother of US soldier killed in Iraq who was featured
Primarily in Fierran height 9 11 and an examination of acts and experiences of
Airborne American American comedians after 9 little bit of time i don't know there were
Airborne American comedians did you?
No i don't find the Arabs very funny i hate to say that but i don't find them too
Immune card my WQA and hello
Frankie Lyman put him on there
It's the Frankie Lyman guy
Let's put him on there just to make him happy okay
No matter what the pool is about this guy is always there you don't even know
Who Frankie Lyman is was do you he was a say right why do pools fall in love he was
Medley of his hit we could play in about two and a half minutes but we don't have time
Because we're kind of right today case you haven't figured it out WQA and hello
Hi is Neil there speaking
Neil Rogers yes man hi Neil how are you good i'm a girl listener and i just absolutely
Love you thank you yeah and i'm glad stirring back on but i like you more
Okay and that is is the reason that sounds so awful is it because of
Sincrediv and your local what do you mean by that well it sounds great and his show
Sounds just the quality of it doesn't sound good yeah the the technical quality leaves a lot to be
Desirby side the fact that keep having these satellite dropouts but it sounded today it sounded muddy to me
Yeah i don't know i mean yeah and then when you came on like minutes later i'm like wow
Yeah like a breath of fresh air like something happened in my radio
Right listen i go to all the hockey games and football games so hope we can do well this
Okay good luck to us okay any back see you bye good luck to you i mean who's weak exactly
Oh let me spit some paper in my a facet machine okay just ran out of paper i just say something clever
Ripmo for a couple minutes that's too hard to ripmo for a couple of days
Yeah i just sent you the brand new log that he that he dilled with
Oh look at this it's his i5 i think with that oh i f were the logs just clear it's yeah well that's about the only thing you're gonna f with i guarantee you that
He has a pretty nice girlfriend does he really yes he's pretty cute man what's it her name Bruce i Rebecca actually
Let's see what did he change now he just nothing really he just uh
Ficus did is what he did i don't see any of the changes i don't know why he bothered sending me a page and changing me but that's okay because we're almost out of time anyway
Oh well let me just tell you this about people with egos i the whole thing with ego to me is just denosy eating i just i don't have an ego
And i don't understand why people do it's one thing if you know you've been successful you accomplished a lot but it's fine you can feel proud of that but people with big egos just turned me off big time so the idea that oh well they're stepping on you know five but isn't it so like today it's already almost time for the next break
Which means it's almost noon already and i said was basically hello into a couple of calls so far and give the pullries all right this is great
Yeah what's not to like that's my expression mo what's not to like for broadcast consumption that's the way it is okay this time i say and we bond although probably by the time i get back you'll be going anyway
Oh i shouldn't say that WQ a and hello what is it speaking
Oh how about uh first and outside what about mr. Rogers who mr. Fred Rogers excellent choice thank you okay there you and you two Fred Rogers right he's a little dead huh why not Fred Rogers for the pull
It must be loved that's a good i might have pretty he's right up there with Elvis with a king who's been dead for 2070
So it's a loritz Olivier right okay Olivier rhymes with gay yeah five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a gay tnt welcome those Howard Stern listeners
Absolutely by turn man who are sticking around for the video Roger show because i notice that we get tremendous promotion and we have those promos in here
It would be nice if somebody would tell somebody outside the building that Howard Stern is on wq way in the mornings six o'clock till whenever they feel like going home
Noon sounds good to me like twelve thirty hey can we have a marlin game today sounds good to that be great let's replay last night's exciting thrilling victory over the Dodgers and west coast
20th and that's right it couldn't have been too exciting Dave and boring was calling the game 20 till noon at qa and I'm big important come on now when you want me to lie for you
Josh is upset about that Josh Cordis is that Dave and boring is more terminal and listening to milk curdled makes Joseph Yankees out like a Mexican jumping bean
For some time I've been telling you divers about tasty low carb multi green pizza for my fine friends at cut and carbs cafe out in the song grass
Made fresh to order they just added their menu a feta spinach pizza as well as a veggie galore and either a personal size or family bonanza deal
Take it down with a choice of homemade soups wash it down and of course it's affordable nutritious and so dang good
The folks who cut and carbs cafe are so convinced you're going to fall in love with their food they told me that today only Tuesday last time we checked
Anybody who comes in before eight o'clock tonight gets a small fat free low carb ice cream no purchase necessary
In other words, you don't even have to buy anything just waltz in there and they give you a small fat free low carb ice cream taste great
Bring the whole mishfucker with you the whole family if you want give them a call today at 9 5 4 5 1 4 0 0 1 or look them up on the web at cut and carbs cafe.com
You'll find them in the same plazas apple bees and off is deeper one the song grass call them now by the way I'm not too crazy about apple bees
Call them right now at 9 5 4 5 1 4
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
And don't forget today only no purchase necessary coming before eight o'clock tonight for tasty fat free low carb ice cream at cut and carbs cafe
They also have an assortment of way out rafts will be salads carbodias so just jot down this number and soon you're going to be eating delicious
Fiberistic pizza and stuff feeling guilty because the carbs are low and they won't put on a lot of weight don't delay call them right now at 9 5 4
5 1 4
Oh oh oh oh
one that's nine five four five one four oh oh oh one and be sure to tell him that old
Neil sent you by holy mackenaw this is jubal on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and
the lab there's a pretty good chance there I got me a tumor it's as big as a whale and they say
that they can fix it with some stem cells right now I'm lightheaded I feel kind of funny so hurry up and
get that funding money
They got a last, every step and so
Well, they're sitting right there in a cryogenic tank
In an old beach we dished
Go on and make a wish
Turn into a liver
I turn into a heart fell
Turn into a kidney
Do it all with ten bells
Oh, it's down the bell
Is it clever little bells at
We can't harm it forever
Stem cells, baby
Stem cells, that's where it's at
Spice and anodized tin
Hacking and a whacking
Save them in your freezer
You can be an old geezer
My illness is tragic
But stem cells are magic
So everybody pass them around
And around and around
Stem cells, stem cells
Stem cells, baby
1147-13, we got the mad dog at two
We got what's his name?
You're best close personal buddy
Moe Howard, David at 4-7
Throwing in for the suspended invocation
Hank Goldberg, 4-7
Then we got the big
Oh! At the 7-935
The Finn's training camp
What's he going to be doing out there at 7 o'clock at night?
I don't know, talking about Antonio Friedman or something
Dispission around
And then we got Marlon's on deck 935
The game is at 10-10 kind of a strange time
At 7-10 in the west coast Marlon's at the Dodgers
Followed by the embarrassing sporting news radio
Here is Johnny's, somebody says
Good choice, Johnny Carson, right?
Love Johnny Carson
Do you really?
Why?
I just thought he was
Thought it show was great
Did you?
Yeah, him and Ed McMahon
A lot of people like McDonald's
Don't forget and vanilla ice cream
Rick says who's just unbelievably chronic
How about the great Bob Hope for your poll?
That's another good choice
And another one like I said, they love McDonald's
He says Greg Wheat is still an idiot
And all I can say to that Rick is
Absolutely correct
Where is George?
George is taking his daughter to the airport today
He's going to Japan for that student exchange program
And that's for it, this guy is unbelievable
Good luck to Rick at a life
Here's Elmer who says
I think you've stumbled onto something
No, Elmer
Why don't you do a live unedited unsensitivity version
You show on the internet
So how are the sides to shut Robyn up?
Think about it, don't think the FCC can regularly
What you see on the net just yet
See that would defeat the whole purpose
All the benefits of being able to
Screw off for an hour and a half
For an hour and a quarter or 45 minutes
And not having to do the work
That would just create more busy work
And what would be the point, right?
Right
So the answer is
Great idea Elmer, but the answer is no
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60
On a GAT and C in Verizon Wireless Line
America's most beloved celebrity of all time
Lucille Ball, I voted for the right one I guess
25
Elvis
He's got 17
Redskelt and 7, Carol Burnett 2
Bob Hope 1, Johnny Carson None
Mr. Rogers don't have any
Frankie Lamin none out of the first 52 votes
I don't see Danny K on there
K-A-Y-E, I don't see no Danny K, Josh
He's typing right now
As I speak, he's typing right
I probably thought that was a joke
He would know Danny K from
Stubby K
You're right
So I go at Punk
Oh, here you go, John Wayne
Is our friend John in Columbia South Carolina
Good choice, John
We'll keep you little too soon
To the Bushmeister on there
Montana man, Shocks community
Maybe Robin could have read this this morning
Howard did save me from reading about Chuck Leonard Dyn
The former WABC Drocked a Black Guy
Chuck Leonard did
He didn't know he was Black
At any rate, you don't know who Chuck Leonard
I was no idea
Way before your time
Back when WABC was the big, big, rock station in New York
77 WB Friday went to talk and ruined it
And he was right about Cousin Brucie
What a f***hole he is
I noticed Howard was using a lot of words
Which I'm sure that we dumped
See, I hear the pre-delay here
Through my hoard
But he used a lot of stuff on there
That we can't say, Duff
Like f***ing bag and f***ing damn
And a whole bunch of other things
That's okay
Until this is Calispell Montana
Too bad George ain't here today
Because he's a Montana kind of guy
Sure
Until he was arrested this year
And his underwear in a motel room
With a nearly naked young woman
Who was behind in her payments
To his finance company
There wasn't a businessman in this town
More respected and Richard A. Dason Sr
He had won the Great Chief Award
The Highest Honourable Local
Business Leader can receive from the Chamber of Commerce
Anominating letter for the award
Described him as the epitome of the reason
We all want to live in the Calispell area
Dason was an energetic force in the construction of a new hospital
A ski resort large hotel that established this
Northwest Montana town of 15,000
As a player in the convention business of the Rocky Mountain West
He was impressively energetic
Two interredible and social causes
Serving as a church elder
Helping teenagers finish high school
And volunteering his time to Christian
Financial counseling which helped people manage debts
Since his arrest in February in a sting operation
In the cut-rated local motel
Police have unearthed a side of
Dason's life that, while impressively energetic, is decidedly less civic-minded
Dason 62, who was married with grown children and several grandchildren
Has allegedly told police that over the past decade he paid more than a million dollars
To have sex with a large number of young women
Many of whom were in legal trouble
Addicted to drugs and in debt to him
According to court documents
When police asked Dason how many of these women there had been
He said there had been too many to count
About 30,000
Who'd he thousand probably
Dason apparently lost count two police
They have how much money he'd paid all these women
Investigators counting his checks
He paid by checking amounts of between a thousand and six grand for encounter
Sometimes as much as a hundred and thirty grand per month
Now I estimate that Dason spent at least wait a year this
At least five million dollars as Charles Harball the same attorney
Isn't he on that show with Chris Matthews Harball?
The State Department of Public Health and Human Services is also trying to find out what Dason is
A court appointed conservative with five hundred thousand
That have been awarded in product liability settlement for long-term care of a severely brain damaged child
In an effort in an effort but David last month in the county court overseeing the conservatorship
A state social worker said the money under Dason's control disappeared with no formula counting
Between 1995 and 2000 since then the child having turned up in local hospital
A severe malnutrition and infected ulcers on his back side
Brackum has become a word of the state
And that lovely lovely
So far Dason has been charged with rape for allegedly paying a 15-year-old girl for sex
The age of the consent of Montana's 16
He's also been charged with two felony counts of promoting prostitution
Yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy
Oh nice good good American guy
Now
There is one thing that I'll say that I'm beginning to wonder about yeah
That didn't dawn on me until this moment since this is my first day of following stern okay
And that is this
The neo-roggers list is and I know this has come as a great shock to Greg Reed who is done for that a boxer rocks
But the neo-roggers audience there are many of our list. There's who really aren't howard stern people
You follow what I'm saying right right
Now that being the case how do our listers know I mean do we have like a crystal ball
Do we have a psychic hotline that they can call to tell them what day they're going to run out of steam on that show and go home
Because we were being told oh it's about 10 30 10 45 on the average now
Yesterday is the first day we carried this turn show they wrapped it up at about 11 10
I would say you would take right right right
This morning about 11 15
If my mammary is correct right right so we're not even close to having any idea when they finally a
Throw in the sound how did the neo-roggers listers have any clue as to when we start?
I guess they'll just have to keep but checking back with us right maybe we can like ring some sirens or
Yeah, or just set off
Stink bomb when you're front yard something like that let's you know
Hey guess what the coast is clear now you can change the dial not really a two promising that part of it
It sounds like if there are any negatives to the whole deal
That sounds like one right there not that I want to be negative
Like some crusty cranky people we know
Sir Joe and highly as says I tried for two days to listen to Howard Stern share waiting for you
God what a piece of crap he says
Nothing they said was unique or funny or held my attention for more than a few seconds and changing the subject saw the opening ceremonies for the Olympics
So he's the one
And saw the Iraqi delegation noticed that the USA approved flag of them replaced by their traditional flag
I guess they're showing the world and to our biased media that not always going as planned or whatever that means
What does that mean no idea?
And you notice one of the things the American athletes are doing is wearing very tiny little American decals or logos under
shirts and sweaters and things
Not too popular being American around the world these jays a too bad one of those things that the bushmaster did for you
How many people are watching the Olympics so far?
How many people attending was big event?
Eight billion dollars they spent an Athens NBC spent a billion dollars for the rights and nobody in to show enough
What if they had no Olympics and nobody showed up? I think we're answering that question right now. Who cares
Really pretty boring stuff. You know why I love handball
In addition to where and that don't forget to synchronize the women's diving
But Athens and most of Europe in the month of august they go on vacation anyway to show how well this was planned
The local people go on vacation. The tories does they're all terrified of terrorism. So uh, they're ain't nobody there
But wait till the next Olympics and be gin
Oh, yeah, they're all gonna be flock at a china
Although the one thing they got a billion people are so they can shove in all the locals nobody don't even notice
WQA and hello, you know, yes sir. Hey man. You're right about mom. Man
He's just gotten ridiculous on Friday
He was talking about how you're gonna be sitting there listening to every word that Howard says oh yeah, right
And somebody called up about this yesterday those sports guys they say stuff on the air or they let stuff go on the air that
Supposedly you can't say anymore, but they say it all the time on their show
I'm gonna stay on the wait-a-man this station of course even our good buddy Joe Rose the other day or like a week ago
Or so I heard him say the f-word as far as a female like you know SLUT
I've heard that he had you heard about Dennis Miller, right?
No yet Dennis Miller on Dennis Miller said a hole on the air. They didn't even dump it
He had Dennis Miller. Yeah, but that Dennis is good personal personal. Oh no
Why? Oh
Birds of a feather do it together that is just unbelievable. They both used to do Monday night football
Yeah, right and they both got canned
1157 I gotta
Don't let me get behind you because I feel like a little bit on the rush
You know a little like rush
By the way a KDK8 took rush off and put Bill O'Reilly on you ready for that in Pittsburgh
The mighty air falling and of course putting O'Reilly and it's like throwing in waving a white towel
If you're on the atkins the South Beach or Sugar Busters ready low-carb sugar-free dive and head for the lights of West
Locke for years now
Delights has helped thousands of low-carb divers it's either way lost goals and now
The lights of West Locke is celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts about the 50% off
I'm low-carb products like Carbo light pure delight carvesense and lots more by the way
Well get a life caught and play golf get lost
It is their anniversary super special you can save half off all atkins brands foods and supplements
Don't forget their great selection of low-carb bakery items like cheesecakes, breads, rolls, and brownies and of course as always
You can try anything the store before you shell out any cash and buy it
They got a staff that knows the low-carb dieting inside and out and they're open every day till 10
And don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all atkins carbolite and pure delight products too
And the lights of West Locke promises you they will not be under sole
Delights you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market or column tool for you at 1-877 low-carb
This with a W low-carb or on the web it's lowcarb.com. He likes to watch focus your official atkins retail centers
Homeland security Tom Ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
And this is just a forest habit of be back in the Maloney is conky
Bina manly jock worship but mainly amounted to be sitting here alongside a legend in sport holia
After an extended absence induced by big want them from the last of the mohiggins
Well most anything you'd like to add to my monolithical disintery
Just want to and what's that my bold and aged friend? Who are you?
That question my vaney knows may Bob has been asked to me many times in public terrorists
It did track and in the back alley's a life
What's that noise?
That my colostomy's chum is the ankle bracelet
I must carry for life as punishment for my sins against the indian nation
Don't let a body if it be from time to time. Gips me on my toes
But when I think negative thoughts it sends deadly currents writing through my body
No wait, what's the big idea? You've been away too long cow. That attorney burden for it my ass as I can't get raped anymore
Take it easy. Love I'm only changing my bracelet battery. Now see here you stink and I don't like you
I don't talk shit don't want to run. I'm trying to use all the powers until we meet and get you fired
No stop it you're right
That's just a furloughed melon
You know
1203 at 560 WQ 93 votes on the poll not too exciting
They don't do like this one. That's okay. I haven't voted yet
Who do you think is the most be loved American celebrity of all time?
Lucille ball 34 Lv. 28
Bob Hope 11 red sculton seven Johnny Carson five
Kerber net three John Wayne the Duke's got a pair
Tiny ones Fred Rogers two Frankie Lyman one and Danny K has got the big. Oh you don't have any
Olimpix our terrorist dreams has reported the Olympic Games increase our terrorist dream come true and undercover report has been able to get a job at the heart of the games and plant three suspicious items that resemble components to make a bomb
When a bomb a Grande
Despite a massive
1 billion pound secure. That's like two almost two billion dollars
Security operation a journalist managed to secure a driving job
Obviously go with the British contractor with no references no formal interview
At Friday spectacular opening ceremony in Athens a reporter was able to stand within 60 feet of dozens of heads of state including Prime Minister Tony Blair
The Sunday mirrors Bob Graham
The relation to Florida's of Bob Graham said he left packages containing slabs of gray plasticine
Batteries coils of wire and electrical tape in various locations including inside a sandwich container in the main Olympic stadium
He said none of the packages was detected despite a major security lockdown and searches by the Greek army
Identity checks which would have exposed them as a journalist were never carried out and the reporter was able to wander around the site with passes
In the names of Michael mouse and Robert bin Laden around his neck
Michael mouse
Bob Graham said when security was supposed to be at its tightest I regularly drove a nine-seater minivan
Continually provided by an Olympic sponsor on an office site to get supplies of ice to children for the workers performers and volunteers
When I returned with upwards of 60 large bags of ice the content of the van were never properly searched
I could have picked up anything could have contained any number of explosives
He added security is absolutely disgraceful the games are a terrorist dream come true
Given assurances from the authorities and the resources available to scandal on an Olympic scale he said
I guess one more good reason that the people who didn't go are saying good idea
made the right move
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and 10 of rise line
So what do you think about that little dilemma I have there but a show that starts like in no particular time
And nobody knows when to tune in for it at most we get a minute and a half notice
Right one there shows you know well no we get it but the audience doesn't right so I'm saying there's no way to know
You saw that back all the stuff that I do at the beginning of the show like yesterday's pull and the
Christie tourney tins behind a beaded curtain today a lot of people are gonna miss the beginning of the show
And I have any idea what we're talking about it's kind of like when they threw a show back on there at nine
Yeah, and had the nine to one thing on there
And of course expecting everybody to turn off their morning shows at nine which they weren't gonna do and didn't do
Uh as Greg Reid continues fouling and fouling and screwing up, but you know what who cares so long as that check keeps coming
They're funeral right
WQM line nine hello
How you doing Neil great
Um without any griffin on it any griffis yep not griffin any griffis yep sounds good to me thank you. Yep. Thanks a lot Andy griffis. Yep
Right
And by the way anything else Robin
No seriously the way they do that it's it's almost the zoo is like like an endurance contest
How much more can we do until we just collapse right on the floor you hear him fouling for cards
He knocks the cards over in the phone
And and then she does the little lead into the uh the soundbite that they're gonna play see three. I mean that's real professional
C4
With all the ones and all the other money they generate they can't like get a computer
Oh, I'm sure they got plenty of computers. They got all those people sitting around that room
It got like how many people doing that show?
WQM hello
And you know how about Jackie Gleason from Paul Jackie Gleason is a magnificent fact choice
Thank God. Thank you Jackie Gleason right especially in South Florida
How many times did I tell you about Jackie Gleason sitting at Pompeo Park at his table in dining room right up
By the window and then modaby bother about 30,000 times I told her to that
I guess he wasn't really a very nice guy. I don't know. I shouldn't say that. I heard things. Yeah. I like them in the toy
Yeah, the movie the toy. Oh, but I thought you said do I do
5 6 7 0 5 60 he was good. He was he was great
But that was all back in the day, you know those of us living in the past
I don't think we are living in the past. I think TV and all and entertainment back then was so much better than the crap that's on now
I mean garbage
WQM hello
Okay, there he is again the whisperer Paul sock. Yes, up this
WQM hello
That's a new
Yes, sir
Hello, yes
Hello, if you say Neil and hello one more time we're gonna like India paint okay and ours too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 while he's confused nobody gave him a roadmap or a driver's license when he got a one is a raft came on sure
So one's hand coming back
Now let me ask you this are we still under like penalty of death that we can't to discuss any of these things is that
Ethics still because I don't have any memo on that. I don't have anything in writing. They haven't come running in here yet
Yeah, oh they better not come right away. That's only when George is on it come right. Oh you can't talk about this
You better take that pull down, you know the way they mystery George they abuse him that poor little spick man
They abuse him something fierce because they know they can they know if they come in in a middle of show
When I'm I'm gonna tell him to blow it out their ass blow it out your ass stuff and clearance especially
Duff
I mean especially clearance
Duff's under a lot of stress. We want to pick on her these days
Sitting in there. Can we get that picture on our website of here with the headphones on of Duff sitting in there with the headphones on monitoring the
Steering show with this thing on the button huh out to get it tomorrow. Oh, yeah, let's get that on our website tomorrow
That'll be a beautiful thing
I'll guarantee he'll never last a month this this man will be in a rubber moon rubber moon by the end of the month
I don't know
You know who that is that's that's a Jerome guy now who actually never calls with huh?
The Ron. Oh, the Ron is that it? Yeah, we're gonna go look at my wings. Yeah, you're an idiot, Jerome
And when George comes back, we're gonna put your phone. I mean he's a security guard
He's an imbecile. We'll put it all the stuff on the ear. We'll put it on T-room walls everywhere
Come into QA and hello
Is there anything else?
Please is there anything else?
That was excellent. That was Howard wasn't it he sounds a little bit more now but after the first 25 hours of a show
You know you still going running out of here. They probably are still doing it
That thing about not streaming while I design and there this so see this is again Greg re jumping into the pool before checking to see if there's any water in it
The same craft and all of a sudden bingo. We got a real serious
Multitutive problems on our hands thanks to Greg just jump into it with both both heads
Everything he does at least he's consistent right just like when he hired mold
Not to mention of course when he hired your favorite I'll take your children
Sell them to some Haitian. Yeah
hiring people have been fired at 80 million jobs in last six years and just putting them on air
Hey, this is gonna be great. This is gonna be great
And all based on the fact that he's trying to put he's doing the Humpty Dumpty routine trying to put the pieces of the egg back together
We're gonna be smashed when he blew the first team out there in addition to which doesn't it come as kind of shocking to you that he's got this
Cavalry attitude
Well, you know the NFL games are all gonna be on serious on the car radios and so on so the dolphin franchises and that's
Valuable anymore. We don't really care whether Wayne likes it or any Jones or this to that like this during show
So we would you know we've gone from this sports obsessive like all of a sudden we stopped in the middle road and did a U-turn
Right
I don't know. Don't doesn't it seem that way? I don't know
Do you know anything besides how he's just gonna bring you lunch? Yeah, they just did thanks a lot
See, there's my psychic powers working again. We have a problem with Howard. I'm not with Howard's turn yet
But with the way that show operates and certainly with
We just don't have a lot of luck with Howard except for how he's thanks. How is
12 minutes past no Jesus after noon already
Yeah
And Mo thinks I'm pissed off. I'm gonna have a problem
So then I have it worked like a couple hours a day
In addition to which let me say this for you mr. Hot shot mr.
Line green pants. Let me say this to you
When he first came the reason that they had to move my time to nine to one was to accommodate the great Howard
David it because he was only gonna work three hours
I wish I were six to nine and after being on the year for how many years
And ten to two I had to move to accommodate his lazy fat will call us to be back full ass
So he only does three hours now that he's doing the hump or being suspended
You four to seven that sounds like three hours to make so why the hell should I have to do four hours?
Am I paying some kind of a penalty or something? Yeah
schmuck
12 minutes past noon at qa and when you're moving or renovating
That's the best time to call this number one 800 mattress make that first night in dream home
Heavenly with a brand new top-quality name brand mattress from our friends at the album actress
And you still get to pick the date and time for delivery to fit your moving schedule
And don't forget
The album actress is on time 99.7% of the time and nobody know where's got a better selection of queen and king size
mattress sets ready for immediate delivery than the album actress when you call one 800 mattress right now
You get a great mattress at an unbeatable discount price the album actress continues to be ranked the best in the world
The customer satisfaction these folks were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torch of excellence award when you call
1 800 mattress so choose the complete line of seely
Serta king coales Simmons temper pieta can even stirons and foster you with everybody at qa
M's column and so should you 1 800 mattress for your bed or you can log on to their website at mattress.com
guarantee yourself a great night sleep for months and years to come with just one easy phone calls an unbeatable deal all the way around
Now 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES
You're listening to me Roger
You're listening to me on 5.6.6.8
QAM
You dredge packing
The USA caught me in my spider hole now they tore me over to a rocky control
But if the American don't keep me safe
Ready soon there's gonna be one more grave in Iraq
Yeah here in Iraq
As soon as they put me in the dark
I will drop in the jailhouse Iraq
My people can hardly wait to make debate
Just like they never do they in who's there
Only one way to try and hover my post
Call Johnny Cagran or Mark Geregos to Iraq
Yeah, they come to Iraq
Here my cellmate from the stay of Iraq
To the get to the jailhouse Iraq
Baby if I'm lucky I can stop I bleed
Baby I can even be the sanity
I must have been crazy to get into this war
It's like trying to steal donut from Michael Moore Iraq
Yeah here in Iraq
My head will soon be on the black
I will die in the jailhouse Iraq
die in the jailhouse Iraq
I'm dying over here
Coming to his figurative Elvis
He's catching Lucy's right on her ass
Lucy's got 48 the most beloved American celebrity of all time Elvis
44 we got a horse race going
Top hope 29 Johnny Carson 11 red scoped 11 John Wayne five Kerberan at five downhill from there
Jackie Gleese just went on he's got full already
Doron Grinowski that's the John Bond that's the name you guys name Theron
I think you're pardoned it's the roe
The roe now I thought it was Doron because it rhymes with m-o-r-o-n moron that could be true
The roe kind of a name is ad no idea sounds like a goofful name could be Israeli
Door oh that's what the george said I think Grinowski well guess what the roe
You're gonna have your shoe size your social security number your phone numbers
Your cell phone number everything's gonna be on here because yeah some of the nut jobs we can live with them
But you're just annoying right
He's annoying extremely annoying now all of a sudden calls in ideas. I heard him call
The big oh of course talks to all the losers like chronic Carl and all the other sports nerds
Oh, yeah, this is the role in aka chamba
I mean what do you try to tell us the wrong I have no life. Oh brother WQA and hello
Neil the room also rhymes with muddy corn. Yes sir. Yeah, I am are you sounds like Reverend Jones to me?
No, it's not Reverend Jones. Okay
I've got a question um as far as our stern show trying to spot you both aspects of it
Is there a way they would cut his show up at 10 so you can start? No, no, no chance
They won't do it see even if I did it even if I did object to it
It wouldn't make any difference we'd be in the middle of another one of Greg Reed's legal problems because they they made the deal
With infinity with the uh
Cinecators of the show before they even discussed it with me. It was a done deal by the time they told me about it
I see you guys this basically have to wait it out until the show ends until he runs out of gas and decides that his egos
Had it for the ladies gonna go home now. Okay, I love like I said because I know George's um when he was on yesterday
He was on to like one thirty two o'clock and he
He showed you no longer also. It was the whole
One hundred to one thirty one thirty then
Okay, so basically maybe you got a light in the sky like that man
You should have us out there saying kneeled on us up and otherwise you got to just keep
I don't know what you're trying to say one who was on at one thirty stern was off at 10 after 11 years today
Yeah, then Howard's been on side and George went on
Then I think that was it. It was before you know if this whole show was over and it goes by so quick
Yeah, well thank god. Thanks for the good news
All I could say that is oh yeah
I'm not I'm not bitching about that so mode. Don't be getting fat head
Better than it already is. I'm just I'm just a little bit concerned about that aspect of how anybody's gonna have any idea
If they're not a stern listener in addition to which see the pull result from George's point yesterday
That was also skewed because the stern people who don't listen to us. I mean you think the stern people are running to near
Rogers dot com to hold on our poll. No, they're on the Howard message board. Well, well whatever they're yeah the traveling message board
Whatever they're doing. It's got nothing to do with us most of them
So so it's very much skewed because those are mostly many aridges listeners which quite frankly we have a few
As opposed to the stern people so you know the fact that what did it say?
Let's say great sounds good to have our back 17%
But that's very effective because the stern people who don't listen to me or the rest of this radio station
They were there. I'm assuming that is if a pigeon dropped one on their windowsill and told them oh by the way howard said back on QM Monday
It's just on cunt is there not even a newspaper ad anything
Yeah, there's some newspaper ads. I saw the news last night
You saw it on what news on channel four. I was watching they said uh, you know stern started in Miami today
And that's it. Yeah, it was a little blurb. Let me tell you something about Tom Jerkero. Okay, beside the fact that
He's body stupid. Yeah, here's the guys on permanent vacation
He just finished his summertime out on a wester. He's he's talking about me being in Toronto and being out of touch with South Florida
I don't know anybody who's out of touch more than he is
He's on a west coast the last month getting wind and dying with the fall on TV previous by the TV people now
Now that we got the biggest radio story in a long long time
Where's the little time? Make the evidently sound vacation because the only thing you'll find on a website
They're nothing in the newspaper and the only thing on a website is that the puff piece that he does the questions and answers in the tv book
This past Sunday which obviously they got a whole bunch of those in the can ahead of time. So he's not even around
So like I said before other than Barry jackass and give a sharny with a few words in the sports nerd columns
There's nothing going on there. There's no big hype about this which is really sad nice go on Greg you idiot you ninkam poop
You simple then keep scratching that hole in your head. Okay, maybe you'll find something
WQM hello
WQM hello
Neil yes sir
How are you doing today? I'm doing great. How are you doing today? I'm outstanding
Uh, you forgot one one person on your pole. I'm sure there are a lot more than one. That's the idea. Who is it?
Uh, I was thinking curly. I'm assuming he was American
Purly
No Larry curly. Everybody loves early. Yeah, okay
You sound a little girly curly
Judy Garland now we're talking Judy fabulous garland says this facts right here. That's a good choice right nobody
Didn't like Judy girl and even though she was very neurotic like a little bit
Yeah
Some way
Hi everybody love Judy girl. Let's put her on there before she starts popping a few more pills
I understand they had to fill up the coffin with some extra goods
That's what I'm hearing
Somebody QM hello
Yes, sir
I heard it. Yeah, why did they bring him back? What do you mean why did they bring him back because he's gonna make a lot of money for him
Oh my god, he's not seeming to change the whole show about anyway
About the guy at the Olympics who didn't get such
Yeah, uh, he didn't get fresh because he was white, you know, I'm saying
Thank you
5.6.7. Oh here's one hair couple James Dean and I guess that he'll get some boats although I for the life of me
Can't figure out why and Marilyn Monroe
Be loved
I don't I don't know if she was all that much to be loved just everybody was horny for but won't put her on there, right?
That's the same thing
No, it is not it's the same thing
Why did you want to have do you think these people wanted sex with Lucille ball?
You think you wanted to happen to sack with Jackie Gleason maybe the Duke I think the Duke a lot of these macho guys
They wanted to get it on with the Duke
WDQ a.m. Hello
They're all there they just been waiting WDQ a.m. Hello
Hey Neil yes, sir
And what is that so the Howard's firm show?
Well, actually yeah, I actually used to listen to him on the other station and then
And then they dropped him I was listening to you guys and then I did what you said I boycott a clear channel
I didn't listen to six tenorators on the station anymore. I live with a clear channel. I wasn't talking
but at least clear channel had the
bone act to
cancel him and
And take a stance you guys have brought back something that I don't know what the hell are they just not the stern show
And they you every every every two minutes they cut it out
They play that racket it's it's an embarrassment. I really I
I know that 96 one on the same at the same time with an offer of easily station
That's what I can't figure out because they send Duff and Robert Grieper over to four Myers or to Naples for a couple days
Two weeks ago for a little bit of orientation training to teach them how to like
sit in monitor the show and what to dump and what to leave in there and and for whatever reason the beesleaves over there in a
West Coast they leave almost everything in and on our station we dump like every other words
Will you say fix it how they're gonna fix it
They're never gonna happen
Well, you know, I'm gonna take a stand on a boycott your entire station
I'm sorry you want to suffer because of the idiot oh geez
Okay, Polly all right, bye good luck. Thanks
You upset you're gonna suffer I better take a break
They raise their terror level high
And I'm afraid I'm going to die
I'm worried
Not happy
You say okay that has a chance and I think I just feed my friends I'm worried
I'm not happy
I'm worried not happy
I'm worried
I'm worried
Not happy
I'm worried not happy
I lock the doors and close the drapes
I pour the hundred rules of the tape I'm worried
And not happy I'm dying on the air
If they'd change us from orange to red I'll go and hide under my bed
I'm worried oh my my my my my I'm not happy look at me I'm not happy
I'm worried
Not happy
I'm worried not happy
1233 27 to one mad dog at two and then we got the mohawar
David had four the vacationing and suspended hangover before what what a juvenile placement like a sandbox
Here's the fact that this is where I pulled today. Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity ball time?
Carol O'Connor says I think I spelled it wrong. He's got Carol O'Connor
But I'm sure that I'm sure that Joshua get it to all spelled right won't you
That's right or close to it
We got a battle going on look we just moved into first place 27 years after his death
What do you think it might be
It's a flat footed tie Lucy and Elvis
55 a piece
Bob Hope 44 he's moving on up Jackie Gleason 13 Johnny Carson 12 red scouting 11 John Wayne 10
Eddie Griffithton fret Rogers five Carol Burnett Scott five
Frankie Lyman foe Merlin Monroe one Danny K one and none for James Dean or Judy Garland. How do you like that? Is that a shame?
Upsetting I bet they'll be disturbed by it Tom Harkin in Iowa. He's pretty disturbed by Dick Cheney
He's really pissed off about dick who's not vice president dick Cheney's questioning of John Kerry's war record and his ability to protect America is cowardly
Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa said yesterday
It just outrageous me that someone who gave got five deferments during Vietnam and said he had other priorities at that time would say that said the Iowa Democrat a former Navy fighter pilot
Harkin said he is seeing clips of the vice president saying in Iowa last week that Kerry lacks a basic understanding of the war on terrorism
He accused Bush and his vice president of resorting to dirty attacks on John Kerry's war record
Absolutely
Correct. They're running scared because John Kerry as a war record and they don't sit Harkin or Cheney is doing and what he is saying is cowardly and his actions are cowardly like I said
They you are
Yeah, you got the a wall president and they deferred the often deferred the bad ticker Cheney and they're talking about Kerry's war record
WQA am hello. Oh, Neil. How are you? Okay? Hey, I'm a question for you
I was got your phone my CVs and I was just wondering are you still doing the best of at the end of the year? Yes, sir
You are doing one you're all the way up to us like 2003 just finished up right?
Is there any way to get copies of like previous ones that were released?
Is that still possible now? Yeah, once they're gone. That's it once they're going to need to man
Yeah, okay
Well, he's like I got up to 992,000 when you're in that hiatus
What call Miguel he might have a fueling around the building
I
Thought he's a ron and he said he's not gonna call anymore
Yeah, I always are on is that's my friend and what he means not gonna call anymore. He was just down here two minutes ago
I just spoke to him afterwards. I called him on his cell and he said he's gonna slow it down
So you're gonna get in trouble. I mean it's getting old already
You mean the wrong can ask you the the where does he work? Where is he the security guy?
He works down in Miami security guy. He works at um
One of your guys that works like mad dog or somebody he knows how many works in his development or something
He works in a mad dog's development mad dog goes in Miami lakes exactly
So that's where the road yeah, he works down there in that area
We're gonna stick the mad dog on his ass and then he'll be sorry. Okay. Thanks a lot
I thank the guy on the girl escobar at the station. Maybe he can get you some of them this. Okay. Thank you
Okay, or some drugs anyway. LDS co bars. No, they're good drugs
5 6 7 0 5 6 you want to beat his awful quiet today. I thought you were gonna rip your buddy old
We always me happy five minutes, huh? I'd be happy to go right ahead now. Let me ask you this. How come now? Zach got blown out
Why didn't he get blown out?
What do you mean by that? Well, he just was out of a job
Can you can you explain the difference? Well, he was Joe's producer and Joe wasn't on anymore
Right
Well, let me ask you this yeah, how are there other producers around who wasn't Robert Grieper the
Morning show wasn't the most morning producer now. He's gonna run the Howard Stern show right so so the show is changed
But he didn't get blown out that's because he's got negative pictures of Josh the Darrow right the creepers will hold different story
Oh, I know that
If I told you once I told you three times we all know that
And what about you? I mean your clearance is boyfriend the PD's boyfriend
Obviously an in I do all my hurricane stuff
Well, such as what I cover all the for every day practice and I do the side-large point you cover every day at practice and that's a job
Well, yeah, you're starting it like Mike Rosenfall and Jero Keach now my job. That's what they pay me to do
That's your job is covering the Huracun's yes with a blanket
Something like that. By the way, how many are on death row?
We don't want to get down I shall only pissed off because it'd be bad enough if we lose the dolphin broadcast
Because of Howard's sperm, but then if we get you know, a Donna Shalili pissed off and lose the Huracun's to that then you really be out of luck
Then you have to go over to 790 and be there with Stu gots again
Have you really think that the clearance is given Stu gots guest now that the Stu gots as the program director of our only competitor
That only remain I would hope not yeah, he is on guarantee is doing it
Clarence Darrow he likes to he likes to deal with his boyfriend's man's like a little what did I tell you a long time ago
It's a little boy fraternity we got in there
It is who I'll lose a handshake
W.A.M. Hello
Uh, Arnold Palmer
Arnold Palmer okay, thank you. You know that sounded like
Who Arnold Palmer no listen
It sounded like hold nevertheless sounded like to me could be or maybe it was Arnold Palmer hey your a blue nose
Arnold you and all our golfers
What is it about golf at a tracks real moron?
W.A.M. Hello
Not there that must have been mo W.A.M. Hello
Once a day run once a day is more than once enough, but put a load on it schmuck
W.A.M. Hello
Hey for the poor like to add up
Thanks to natra yes and I also like to say
I just want to be hard people here we go what a surprise okay uh get for some after on air and you know who we left off
Since we're hearing from a lot of these hoolios who have nothing to say I am
America's most beloved celebrities yes we got lots of what are you talking about you sitting right there in
Dade County right now as we speak yeah, but this is an America well we know that well close to America close enough
We got to have something on there for all him uh
Beers
See that cruise man get it on there Josh don't listen to him she's only he's pet-adduced
20-1 by the way won't be long before the football season starts
I think the uh patriots are going to be 13 and three this season and but often seven and nine at best
All right well i'm reading about uh the the battle for quarterback starting quarterback position is going to be like
uh hammer and tongs uh it's unbelievable in fact the hammer might
You know my picture job and stuff he's looking for a little work now that was fun
I mean jay fielor and tucky feli you've got to be schmitting me man that theme is going to really suck
Am I right beast? What?
uh what i love it
Uh you love it
You're all a bitching in morning they head when they're like nine and seven or ten and six
Can you imagine a seven and nine or a six and ten season?
Holy moly
Wow they're going to be crocodile tears you made drown in the sea of tears
Will you go i will say i will say this if you live in a trailer park and there's a hurricane warning
Probably a pretty good idea to evacuate you think yeah
When you shop for quality footwear great selection professional service
There's only one place to go i've been telling you about Brandy's and comp it'll be for a long time now at Brandy's shoes
You'll find the biggest election of men's and women's shoes anywhere in south low to the best service and
Most important to a lot of you folks the best prices in town period. They are absolutely unbeatable
At Brandy's you'll find top quality names. They got them all rock port floor shine
SAS spirit Timberland naturalizer and all the other big names in the shoe binnest
And with Brandy's humongous selection you can bet Greg reads life on it that whatever style you like is in stock right now on a shelf in your size
Ready to slap on your big fat feet right?
This is open daily from nine to nine Monday through Saturday and Sundays 10 till five
You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompato, Beatson
It's always worth a trip no matter where you are because they're like i said unbeatable
And all this wicked Brandy's it's a great time to buy rock ports
Which here some of the best shoes in the world
Selected men's and women's styles are only 2990 to 6990 so come in and save a ton on great rock port shoes this week
Or visit their website brandy shoes.com
I think this new government
You wisdom time
Voice things that the fixed things up
Sure out of his mind
Yeah
So be chaos over there
Still be more than in your hair
I want to hear from Bush
That he's restoring peace
Oh will we know it's a secret
Yes
With them or democracy
I guess we know it's a secret
When you see more Mickey-D
McDonald's
I scream McDonald's certain the radio shows 1246 at 1246
Can you believe it's almost one o'clock?
I bet that
You've got to be shmitten me mister
Anybody that don't like this Howard Stern thing i'll consider you is
And that's a raspberry you can't like it come on sticking your show away
Hey, you can have it baby. I've done enough how many years in this town
About 30 man that's plenty just send me those checks baby keep that money coming in
I mean this is oh here's a fact from joe and south Miami see this is another thing
This is happening at the worst possible time of the year
Because it's the summertime and where are
An enormous number of people in south florida and all over the country they're on vacation right
I don't know the color back now schools in session, but that's my point
They go away they come back and joe and south Miami says what happened?
He says hi up alley what happened? I've been in china for three weeks get back here and all hell is broken loose
Absolutely correction the humper is gone replaced by moe well the humper isn't gone he's uh
In limbo he's doing limbo rock
He's on vacation. He's suspended. He's who knows what
Because his contract ends in november most gutter year and a half left so with a sterren thing
Anybody who really believes that this is all about a real suspension your full of crap. Oh, I shouldn't say that
That's just my opinion
Hey, did the humper it says but moe makes me sick beyond believe he is horrible
Absolutely then the worst news how are deboring in the morning he's taking time out of your show of all things this sucks
I'm pissed off just like your station to f up a good thing
ps i know where Greg lives just give me the words is joe and south my just give him the word okay
Now here's a poll a suggestion good one to captain kangaroo bob kiechen let's just put captain kangaroo that I'll you know what I'm saying
No, but I'll put it on it. Don't want to make it too difficult
It says on the how we stir and problem. I know there was a problem. Did you?
No, sir. I didn't say it was a problem. I'm just I'm just thinking out loud of the our loyal listeners out there
Which we don't care about them some they supported me for a long time
But nevertheless says why don't you air from 1130 to 330 it says
That we know what it's doing in right like I'm gonna stick around to 330 now. I'm done it to okay
Whether I started 10 10 30 10 45 11 15 157 30 159 14 2 o'clock. That's the end
Says either that or dumpster and from a loyal new listener. Well, I'm sure we got some of our people aren't too happy about the whole deal
But uh, hey, I'm happy. So you should be happy. Do you know me? I'm happy that's all says uh
Yeah, like that
What is this thing you just facts me now the Republican chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee said yesterday that John Kerry deserved his combat medals for heroism and Vietnam
Which some veterans have disputed. Thank you very much. It's on our website
Sorry, what I probably wouldn't have mentioned that so thank you
I would not will mention this one though
Bush accused of exploiting hurricane in Florida as he offers a to the disaster area
He wouldn't do something like that way
President George Bush flew into southwest Florida Sunday and a mission that was as much about politics as compassion for the area devastated by the hurricane over the weekend
Accompanied by his fat ass brother Jeb Bush governor of the state and by Mike Brown the director of FEMA
The president toured by helicopter and online Charlotte and Lee counties would suffer the most damage by far from hurricane Charlie
He made the brief morning visit as a huge swath of central Florida struck by the storm was struggling to emerge from the debris and wreckage
The official death toll it says here made it 13. I think it's 19 now, isn't it
19 I saw 17 19
And as many as two million residents along the storms passed on the Gulf Coast of Atlantic remained without power the cost of reconstructions
expected to receive
10 billion dollars
For mr. Bush to handling at the aftermath of Charlie the worst hurricane hit Florida in a dozen years since Andrew 92
Which we know all too well could be crucial was hopes of winning the state in the presidential election November
latest pull show is rival John Kerry with a slim age in the state
I think it was 4741 six points or 4841 mr
Bush will be heating harsh lessons learned by his father who was heavily criticized in the wake of hurricane Andrew in August
92 three months before losing that year's election to Bill Clinton
George Bush senior came under criticism when he flew to the perimeter of the storm's worst damage south of Miami and hastily left again
After Andrew Moore where there were loud complaints from local officials that the federal agencies led by FEMA
reacted much too slowly and getting assistance to the area
I'm being elected Bill Clinton made the reform of FEMA which oversees all emergencies in the county a top priority
Are we sure miss Bob? It all wait
man
Now we got Josh registered to vote there. He's gonna be voting several times. What about the beast? Are you registered voted?
Of course I am. Oh thank god
That hasn't come in yet by the way. I beg your pardon. That hasn't come in yet by the way. What hasn't come in?
I am my my card my registration. You ready to vote a registration card? Well, I would call him
Will you laugh at a guy? Call who a guy stopped by and gave me a pamphlet to fill out and I mailed it in well call him up
Okay, and say hey, why what do you mean a guy stopped by you don't still have the pamphlet doesn't have a phone number on it?
No, I mailed in the pamphlet
Well call the what do you live in data Broward? Broward you live in Broward
Call a Broward elections office and tell him ask him if your name is on the thing and if so how come you don't have your card yet
And if not get it to get with it
Because who knows maybe that guy was just some kind of a used car salesman or something who knows who he was
He was a little fruity
Was he really too deep fruity?
Yeah
Seem to be a lot of those people around
Carrey leads bush to spite nader here's the latest pool. All right is over here. All right those votes
We need Josh our courtesans vote. We need the beast vote mom vote in absentee
In fact, I'm gonna do is make copies of it and I'm gonna try mailing it in about a hundred hundred time
Maybe a thousand times maybe 30,000
Just just to be on the safe side
Democratic challenger John Kerry has pulled ahead a president George W Bush even while Ralph Nader that loser
That ego-tist and other presidential candidates ever counted for according to the brand new pool
Kerry leads bush nation-wide 47 of 43% even with nader the libertarian constitution and green party candidates included in the latest
Agbi pool minus those contenders
Kerry and his running made had a
50 to 43% lead over bush
The Kerry Edwards ticket is gained two points since the Democratic Party or convention last month
Bush is overall approval rating rose three points low to 47 percent
Although 52 percent of likely voters said they disapproved of the job the president is doing
Zodney also found that voters holding passports preferred Kerry like yours truly 58 to 35
voters without passports favored Bush 40 to 39 see the difference there
Those people who don't have passports like you guys you have a passport. I don't know
I know Josh doesn't know see
people
People that don't have passports it means they don't get around they don't go anywhere. They don't know anything about the world or like myopic
They have tunnel vision
But the people like it around and see what's going on in the rest of the world how America is hated and reviled right now from all around the globe
Even down under man
That look at the Olympics. I'm seriously used to have like big emblems
You know USA now like if you need a Mount Palimar telescope to see the USA on there
Fact most of them are saying hey work an avian a
Big investors narrowly predict carry over can you believe it's almost one o'clock?
This is the greatest thing. I don't care. You know our audience will figure it out, you know
You know what I'm saying is it sound selfish and good. I don't care. He must hate it though
What oh, yeah, I do hate it more you idiot
You're still Nancy one thing about me. I'm like most he's another one of those guys with a huge huge ego in case you haven't noticed
I've noticed oh brother
What is it about guys named Howard that have these mammoth insatiable egos
And so the idea that if he was on four hours and somebody else in friends on his time he'd be very upset
I'm the hilarious. I'm so happy
Here it's a little the only thing that bothers me about that last part of it is that Josh there this morning over
We asked a little bit. Oh, they're getting ready. A robin's gonna do the news when robin starts doing the news
That's the last segment of the show, which means it goes on for about an hour
Okay, anything else
Anything else robin
anymore news
It's like an endurance contest
Anyway, can I get back to this moment? Turn the big money managers who steer billions of dollars and investments around the world
Reckon that US Senator John Kerry might just be
W in November, but it's non-Americans who give them the best chance
As in most current election polls the race comes out close 41 to 37% and nearly 300 respondents who together manage around
940 billion dollars investments say that Kerry would be bush
41 to 37 the rest are like clues, but there was a difference in view depending on where the fund manager was based
This is very much an international perspective on the elections that David Bowers no relation to Johnny Bower
Merrill's teeth global investment strategist
Bush won among the 36 North American based respondents 44 to 33% among these 68 British based managers 37 to 34% and among the
43 Japan based respondents 4937 Kerry, however, was favored by 96 continental Europeans 46 33
28 Asian Pacific based respondents 43 29 and by 16 South African managers 50 to 31
The respondents were also liked about the impact of a Kerry win on financial markets while 44% said that Kerry win would have no impact on the market
37% success in outcome would be negative and 13% believe it would be positive see the big money people
There are always Republicans believe you me
Including my financial advisor all of these people anybody that's got big bucks except a few of us
For whatever reason in the Hollywood people is the only other people are got big money and the Democrats
Because they have some values and they're not just selfish and greedy and cut my taxes to mo
Some mo
Do do do do do I was picking a mo on that promo you heard it again before was it a region or a promo
Which one might have been a region where they're about
Howard Stern and Neil and mad dog and then hammer
Did you hear anything about Moe in there? No, it was a problem by the way
Well, whatever the hell it was and hear nothing about old Moe. He said he's just wallpaper now
Yeah, no one loves him anymore. No one thinks about him. He says no one loves him any Mo
joke that it
He said he maybe he ought to sue us for alienation of affection
1256 at 560 WQM Emerald Coast on photos best Asian buffet is proud. I'm doing next to our spot. I'm doing the wrong spot
Come on now
Am I not doing the next hour spot? What am I doing? Are you all right Chris? Huh? Yeah, don't I well?
I'm just giving you a warning for your a sheepstuff for next hour, okay?
That was just that was just a little five minute ten minute warning
Hey, if you wake up every morning in a crowded bed between the kids and the dog and the cats is there's no room for you
This is not the right copy
You know what
This ain't even the right freaking copy for that, but I'll do it anyway at least it's a variety
If you're ready to crowded in this new room left for you research and say today shoppers are choosing bigger mattresses because of overcrowding
And nobody's got a better selection of quitting king size mattress sets ready for immediate delivery than dial amipers
Call 1-800 mattress right now. You'll get a great mattress at discount price only dial amipers
Delivers eight in the morning till 10 in the p.m. Every single day of your life
dial amatris is ranked number one a customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004
Better business bureau local tortu of excellence award when you call 1-800 mattress
You'll get the best prices on the best brands delivery on your schedule and the best customer service go anywhere
And as far as brands are concerned they got the best they got silly
Surda the complete line king coral Simmons temper pete even stirons bananas foster too all the smart folks are calling one
800 mattress for their breads who ought to be doing the same instead of schlepping all around town wasting gasket and all sweat
Enough just sit there make that one easy call to be knocking on your door in no time at all
You're in Tinguagreet. I'd sleep for years to come call 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATT RES or online. It's mattress.com
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour
I'm a claim documentary filmmaker George W. Bush comes up film about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion of convenience store snack
Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones
Aaron heath 7-11 exposing the man who is becoming the most hated figure in the Arab world
I forced his cupcake kids to play with
Just yesterday
Then the maker of the water came in and devoured everything
From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between that sells slim gyms and condy cars
You'll find us that man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all
He wants to stop until it hits its heart
Michael Moore is a real paradise
Karen Height 7-11
Excuse me Congressman. Yep Congressman. Yep. We're recruiting the show of an politicians to work in convenience stores
When Michael Moore comes in with a hangar for 20s, sir, please come back in one second
Karen Height 7-11 now showing 24 hours a day 7 days a week
102 at 560 W.M. Man, it's the one to two hour. How do you like that? It just came upon us like I don't know where like just like that
Like a bolt out of the blue
This great. I like it a lot
What's not to like Moe you idiot you civil he just don't get it man
He's like I told you before the show today. He's like a spectator of the human race. He's on the outside looking in
Stay out there Moe. Okay. Just stay the hell out there. He's out there. All right. No bet
Swiftville veterans leader lied about political activity John O'Neill leader of the Swiftville veterans for truth the tax against
Democratic presidential candidate John F. Carey's Vietnam service record lied on national TV about his political activities in affiliation
How do you like that? No other right wing liar
O'Neill first recruited to go after carried by the Nixon administration in 1971
said on CNN's crossfire August 12th that I've had no serious involvement in politics of any kind over 32 years
O'Neill also denied being Republican yet federal election commission record show that O'Neill's contributed over
14 grand of political candidates all Republicans since 1990
voter registration rules in Harris County Texas show O'Neill is in fact a registered Republican who's voted in every Republican
Primary since 72 O'Neill a huge does attorney clerk for supreme court justice William Rennquist a right wing
Nixon appointee according to Texas lawyer magazine O'Neill lobby for an appointment of the federal bench by former president George
Herbert Walker Bush and cited his involvement in local Republican politics he made it to the White House in shortlist did not get the appointment
Record well it's got a whole list here. It's on our website. Swiftball veterans later lied about political activity
And then like I said right wing liar which goes with the territory serve for the redundancy
So what do you think of the Stern show? I know George did that yesterday, but what do you think of the new deal here? Huh?
What deals that? Yeah, I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the audience
Oh to our vast audience out there because I'm sure that the Stern people are just pouring out of the O'Neill Rogers dot com now
We haven't had a big spike this week yesterday and today in a response. You think that's because of Howard being on there
Uh-huh, must you think must be or you think it's because people are coming back from vacation because of kids are back in school
Time will tell I guess
Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity of all time? That's our poll question. They Neil Rogers dot com any
LR O G E R S Neil Rogers dot com. It's a very popular website. It's a great site. That's what Eric says
And Josh
Right L. V. 68 Bob Hope 66 Lucille ball 63 we got a three-way house race baby
John Wayne 18. It's weighed out of the Duke
Jackie Gleason 17 Johnny Carson 17 red skeleton 14
Antigriffid nine Fred Rogers Mr. Rogers and his in neighborhood six Frankie Lyman five
He's still dead by the way as he's Mr. Rogers and love these people Frankie Lyman five carbon at five and see that cruises got for already
A little faith I told you
Merlin Monroe force not for three captain kangaroo's got two James Dean two Arnold Palmer one Danny K one
Carol O'Connor one and Judy girl in none
See we put Arnold Palmer on there. Oh, that's right. He's not a I was thinking that I had to do with sports, but it's golf so it's not sports
Because if we would do that then you'd have to put him like Babe Ruth, right? Right, right? Mickey Mendel people like that and of course
W. Q. A. M. Hello
Q. A. M. Howard Stern response line. Hello
Not there Q. A. M. Hello
W. Q. A. M. Hello hello. Yes, sir
Mr. Tommy. Hey Tommy. How you doing? How you doing? Who's this?
What are you calling? I'm calling Neil. That's me. Oh, I'm doing good to see you. Hey, what person?
Two Tommy. Yeah, good. Hey, I was wondering how come you don't have that job before I know this?
Because nobody knows who that is. That's probably the reason. Somebody Q. A. M. Hello
Yeah, how you doing pretty good?
All right, as far as more of it Dennis Miller on the show today there. Yeah, I think that that's good that he's got big names for
Let's be in your channel because you can't
Yeah, right. I'm jealous because I can't have big names celebrities on the show. We can put it in
We don't do guests in case you have an order of schmuck
But there's some that must be a warrant from a little of Anna's boyfriend, you think?
Maybe I think so
Sounded very suspicious to me yet we're just jealous that we can't have Dennis Miller and other schmucks like that on the air
We don't do guests
In fact, I noticed a couple of times I have punched it up since the Humphreys been on decay. I mean suspended fired whatever he is
Guests lots and lots of guests in the room with that. I'm here it is because I'm always terrified of all those crack calls in the afternoon
Is that what you told me
I didn't tell you that or I guess George told me that I think George
He said he doesn't deal with it very well
He gets all far blundet and as a result we're gonna have a lot of guests. We're gonna have Dennis Miller
We're gonna have Johnny Miller and we're gonna have a blood Miller. How about Jay Miller?
Jay Miller would be good
A Florida law that lets students from failing public schools attend private religious schools of taxpayers expenses on
Constitution ladies on constitutional state appeals court rule yesterday
The two to one decision by the first district court of appeal upholds in August 2002
Worldwide trial judge who said that the law violates the separation of church in state and a provision of the state
Constitution that bans you some tax dollars on religious schools the state's been allowing
A lot of the issue vouchers during its appeal and that will likely remain true until they floor the supreme court decides the case
Ultimately and you can bet your bottom dollar. They're gonna say unconstitutional baby forget about it
As the farbicenter go and continue trying to take the money out of your wallet and stick in theirs
Nobody QA him. Hello
You're sir. I got a couple things for you. First one. How about Roger Miller? You can be king of the road right there
You know also do you think the reason that Greg Reid doesn't want to promote Howard is because they're gonna have some questions like where the hell is the Humper
And how come you don't have Natalie Wood on your list everybody love Natalie Wood the only wood that doesn't
She's all washed up
560 560
pound 560 on a 18 and he was that insensitive?
No, I'm a 18 T and Verizon wireless line
I'm not I'm not talking about a free free uh
Covered dollar vs if jicke were around had written something about this but again. He's out of touch
You're out of touch little Tommy you bald headed geek as usual
Out of touch when the big stuff goes down
You can bet your bottom dollar Tommy jicke won't be around
You know what's funny is when for L came the the herald did a huge like a layout right the whole section dedicated to him
And what about was it city linker new time yeah that them to yeah yeah feeling yeah and where was jicke
We're what's jicke?
This is supposed to be the TV radio guy. I think he had a pawn his radio times to get in tough
560 560 pound 560 on a 18 T and Verizon wireless line
Wtq and hello
Wtq and hello
Sir
How is the house no show I can't stand it first of all yeah, I know I know you like the fact that you don't got to work as much now
Oh, I don't idea you can't even imagine
I wish you're on 10 and 2 maybe day now, but it's alright. I can forget it used to it
Well, that's that's why if I do got it right you just don't have to say it's gonna be 150 10 to 2 till 2
I guess what you're trying to stop you in
They're just gonna stuff me and write
5 6 7 on then that's how good 10 to 2
150 till 2 o'clock and of course last time a commercial break in there too right
I would think oh speaking a commercial brace what is that all about I mean I knew I knew they did long breaks on that show
But what is that 13 minutes man
13 minutes they they went away at 10 40
10 38 this morning and the break into the 10 51
13 minutes
So we have to tip our baseball caps to those people how do you manage to maintain a listening audience unless of course
It's just a state of mind, you know
How do you maintain an audience when you go away for 13 14 15 minutes at a time be sick crap out of me
Wtq. I am hello
After being squeezed in by two hours somebody Q and hello
Hello, yes sir. Yeah, I want to know that I'm not a Alex terms and then but but I did hear him say
Dennis Miller sucks
Oh, something without effect. Well, that's a bullet. You know what they did was they played a
What you do, you know a bit a bit you know and
He goes the guy couldn't do money and I said boy couldn't do this. He couldn't do that
So all those listeners calling up
Saying that the guy loved Howard Stern and believe me. I couldn't find you. I've been out of town for a month
Well, what we've seen that what guy loved Howard Stern Dennis Miller
No
He I for all of listeners that are calling you saying he had Dennis Miller on the show
No, no, it wasn't Howard Stern. It was Howard David it. Hey, you got your Howard's mixed up man. Oh nobody
They're also Dennis Miller
this morning
I'm stern yet not a bit it was like a one and a half on one minute thing
Where no one was coming right with okay listen have another one for us. Okay, pal have a great thing
Whoo, probably it's after one at five sixty rock solid W.A.M
I
Now for another celebrity presidential endorsements
Like hi, I'm Britney Spears and I'm totally endorsing president
But I sure they're president of the United States because he's someone who
cared about things and I think he's really good at accomplishing stuff
And
When it comes to the issues
Thank you. I
Folks Dennis Miller here and I'm standing here with president George W. Bush the man I'm endorsing for reelection
Hey, everybody. Well George here is doing a great job. I mean, you know when it comes to get that done
He makes church. It'll look like Neville chamberland
Isn't that right sir? Oh, yeah, yeah, he's a he's my favorite basketball player
Right the president Bush really stands out to the terrorists. Hey better than the democrats. Let me come on
This guy's out the backbone of a nematode on muscle relax is okay
Yeah, I think I used to lick nematodes back in my frat these
That's taking a licking George W. Bush is gonna give the democrats a bigger licking than Hootskin Turner
Well, I know what Hootsie isn't who's Turner
George W. Bush is gonna turn this economy around faster than little Reagan's cranium in the excess
I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie. I mean come on
I don't mean to go off it all right here
But George W is to pro-active for policy what he's in for was to quasi physics
I was on good at this and
So please folks come November
So far both for George W. Bush trust me on this when you'll be happier than Ruben studded with a fistful of ponderosa co-pots
Let me see this surprising new friends of George W. Bush five sixty W. Q.A. I'm don't step on me again
Please here's a fact from Dean who says with the except of the one theft of a freight train in the thirties
There was eventually chopped up the youthful in the discretion is the most beloved celebrity market history George burns
How do we leave him off of there?
Now he's on it says could Bob Hope Elvis or John Wayne play God on film no good point George burns
Electro's big fat ones in the stoke used to I hear from a darker perspective. It says here's a list of pretty good ones. My Hammond Oli
You don't want to put well we put the Arnold Palmer on her so Michael Jordan will put him on
Rachel's bill Cosby. It's got Clinton on here with no politicians, please and Bob Marley and Jerry Garcia
Did you put those all on there what?
No, well Hammond Oli
Well, I don't want to have to read the whole beast has got the facts there. I'll give it to him
Yeah, a lot of them they're in hand to him is I don't want to keep reading more of them
Now here's a fact from a disgruntler listener out there, which is always good a chronic
Faxor too by the way I recognize the handwriting
I've been a long time listener and have to tell you that a pool does not a show make you are much more talented than that
I'm very disappointed
It's bad enough. You're hardly ever on and then you spend it on ponderous stupid pools
See it says at the bottom. Well, it must be from jazz mccay
If you don't like the show I have one thing to say the okay but do it pulls a long time
There's a lot more than we did on the show all day in fact when we do the pool
We know people call in with suggestions and then we read the result once every 15-20 minutes
And that's about it
There's a lot more of the show than the pool
But obviously you're just another disgruntled self-loverian who wants to share your brilliance
With me and the rest of the world. So thank you so much
Go out and bark at the moon and see if it goes away. Can you see how it works? Let me know how it worked out for you
5670560 pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA and hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hi, it's Howard Stern WNBC
How old are you?
What's going on? Are you really good looking? Oh?
Hello
Somebody with a steering draft and by the way, I have to point out that that's somebody playing an old tape from WNBC
100 years ago before a Stern got canned there for some I'm as a bunch of booze after he dried out
And the reason I have to clarify that is because we're not allowed to play a Stern's voice on the air the rest of the day
Beside the show you know that no, I didn't know that we're not allowed to play it
But that was a car. So that's okay very entertaining. Hey Rob, and anything else
Here's line nine WQAM
I knew how to go. Okay. How's the weather in Toronto?
The weather is beautiful sunny and about 73. It's so very nice
It's overcast and cloudy here, which is fitting for the mood here. Really?
Absolutely. Why is that? What are they pissed off about?
What I'd take this off about there. I still got people in the streets blocking the streets because they're going on
Yeah
So I gotta get out of here now. Okay, good luck to pal. See you at the border
5607 0560
Palm 560 on a 18 team for rising line WQAM. Hello
Yes, sir. I got proof of your proud. Yeah. Okay. We got beautiful and energy assumption
WQAM. Hello hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. You know you mentioned that
Words that ends with bag this morning. Yeah, that was not dumped on how our show you want to know why
You want to know why? Why? I'll say why because he said in fact
I would happen to be listening at that point. I headed on the back because I was waiting to see if they were ever going to go home
And he know and he said some other word
That I know that Duff dumped it but then because we got that seven second delay
It's got to read the dump has to recover and he said the other word immediately a following so I in my mind
I thought to myself. Well that one got on the ear. Yes, it did and yesterday
I was listening and I thought you know
There must be something wrong with the feed because
Once in a while I'm listening to air America and the same thing happens it goes out and
I thought I could just a few seconds
But then this morning I was listening and it just so happened that all those big long dumps and then Tommy's van coming on
Because happened to be when Jim denny James and we're talking about our movie and you know things that were
Probably questionable material
For especially you know Duff he must be just a fineless little girl. No, no, you know you don't understand
He's he's under strict orders. It's got nothing to do with him. He's not making the station policy
That's the beesleasing Greg Reed
But how can they can get away with it in Naples and
On that station I know that
Well, I guess I guess because their license in Naples isn't in jeopardy like our license might be one of these days if they don't
Get smart but how could why is that different than yours the same company
It's the same company
Okay, you don't have the same or I know the first yeah the unmentioned one there you go
How would know about him too because he's been trying to get on Howard showed as a date him for years
He has an agenda or anything
No nothing like that okay, well
It's just a shame that one person can screw up people's lives like that
I don't have to tell me I'm an expert on that. Oh, I know that I know have a great taste. We don't need to bye-bye
See the whole idea of community standards. I mean, it's just a lie the FCC like all your other government agencies
They lie through their teeth well community standards and there you know
How can one person in any community of more than 20 people decide community standards? There is no such thing right?
Right, but not according to the FCC because you have a government that's and not just Republicans but Democrats alike in fact
Jonathan Adelstein who's the most rabbit of them all he's a Democrat and a Jew but nevertheless he doesn't believe in free speech
The whole bunch of mall five of them are doing just a bunch of fascist to think that they're gonna show everybody how goody two shoes
They can be and how they can drag America kicking and screaming back at the Stone Age and they're doing a hell of a job of it too
Stuff that's as innocuous as anything that we used to do just routine it just like the thing with the fart sounds
I mean look what kind of a childish mentality you have to be to say oh fart sounds are offensive. We can't have that stuff on here
They based on what?
Based on the fact that a group of brutish morons sat around a table somewhere
Decided that they were gonna clean up the airwaves to protect America from from far from gas. I guess I don't know
I mean our little kids offended if they hear a fart sound
The only time I'll offend invite is if it's for real. I have it to be there downwind
Line nine w2 a.m. Hello
I'm like a ask how you're doing because that's bigger than last 15 people actually the same question here
How you doing and I'm doing just as good as I was before great. Yeah, 50 was you know something
I'm gonna turn 40 in about another 11 hours right now, right and I've listened to you since
1778 I can go back over to famous name
Thank you very much and go back over to famous name game and the holy Joe's and the mall and all hair and the match
To hair this guy come on beforehand. I mean, please at least put some patience on the reason why there are no borders out there
There's no advertising because it's not the Howard's third show if the Howard's third show
It's a cab driver comes in and bust it. He's like a worth free over there. I mean you're doing the opposite
You're doing
Less to get paid more money and more money in your eyes. This guy's making 15 million year when is he gonna produce?
I mean if he lived off what he did before because some are shows that are the same as today
There's nothing different about it. Show there's nothing he's doing today that he didn't do in 1983
I don't know what the phenomenon is about this guy and he's the king of all media and why everybody just loves him
But they did him on best 10 o'clock the guy doesn't have four hours of material
That's a damn fact and ten minutes of commercials with QIM should do is put his commercials on while he's on the years of release
When it's just thanks we could say at least listen to the spots because I can't see anybody coloring this nonsense
And actually it is it's a damn fact. I hate it to wait till 10 30 10 45
Whenever they're gonna put you on their back slide for this has been that made his name 20 years ago
And the 20 years will still be on here make it twice as much money and doing absolutely nothing. Thanks for your time, Neil
And have a great day
Nice to see that South Florida hasn't changed man. We're angry
What can I say you know a lot of people like vanilla ice cream and McDonald's that's all I can take a pal
27 after one at five sixty WQ a.m
A lot of people love the emerald coast tooth end goodness because it's great
It's our photos vest Asian buffet and they're proud to announce the rival of see him fast
See what I should have done is fix you a copy of this because I'm expecting you don't know where to fill in the hole
So to speak come in on the weekends enjoy grilled
scampy
You know
You know and PL8
Okay, emerald coast is no ordinary Asian buffet the service is impeccable
You'll never leave it on empty stomach. You'll be full as the beast you can start off your delectable eating experience six different soups
And then dozens of delicious mouthwatering on trays like New York strip made order with their seasoning Asian grill
Their new Hunan fish if you still have a little room in that puppet sampler hand-car prime rib their new Thai specialties too
Emerald coast buffet promotes healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine only with the best cholesterol free oils
No MSG no cornstarch no crap. Oh, they're a fake features a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup and they're brand new sushi bar
And if you have room after all of these things a full dessert station to featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings
Even fresh fruit what a feast it is that the emerald coast with real occasions waiting for you
Sunrise sunny austin pember pines too
So take the whole family out or book your next business election right now take out an overview available to their voted number one
Vice-agat restaurant reviews and by WSVN hysterical news is out of photos best Asian buffet
Call him at 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22
9 5 4 5 7 2 3 2 3 2 2 for a real feast
This is the place the emerald coast Chinese buffet
Oh
 constituted the mole highlighted they maybe their navelies according to my aspirations
lo
I don't even II am children. There are all. Hello?
Yes, I want you to take on crispy
L
Jason
Their great
 if I put a goodanon
Couldn't you?
Well, not to mention. He's got an extra to never. Haha
Okay
Good
What did he said he had?
Oh, shit, thank you more.
No, no, wait a minute, don't go.
I have nothing else to say.
Look at that, how about this?
I was the way that down there in the mirror, ma'am.
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait, by the way, something.
No, I have to go.
I told you what, I'll hold you over the break.
How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
No, hey, that's what the only color we had.
The things I know that's lower than it.
They're going going going going going.
They're going going going going going going.
They're going going going going going.
They're going going going going going.
Wow, you got sick, you ain't gonna say.
I'm your nose and I just say.
And around those losing pimples.
You've got my eyes on you.
If you go look and down here I don't see.
A road map of Yitzel and D.
You've got to have me some way to die.
Die, die, die, die.
I know it's close when something stays.
It's almost every day I get.
And my veins, and they start to tickle.
I had to know it, and it was always always.
Yeah, I told my God, told my God about that.
That's what God told me, when they all died.
And I told my spirit, with my old veins.
Yeah, I told my spirit, and I told my spirit,
And I told my spirit, how I know that I'm pleasing.
What about 134, 26, go two at five, 60 WDQM, mad dog coming along.
Can you believe it's almost that time?
Holy moly rat man.
See, haven't I said for a long time, four hours is too long?
And you were right.
Now, for 30 million a year, I do a five hour and 50 minutes show too.
I'd go on until I collapse, you know, every day until I ran out of gas.
Another new story.
For hours is too freaking long, but like three hours and 45 minutes.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, today is two hours and 45 minutes.
I'm almost embarrassed to take that check, you know it.
But, I'll overlook it.
Here's a thanks from our buddy Bigar and he says,
don't listen to that anti-pull jerk or what's your pull, there's a lot of fun.
Before I finish the other sentence, which is cute, let me just say this to you, okay?
As George would verify, and Josh, anybody who ever worked on his show,
when you call his show, you can talk about basically anything you want.
And I've been even asking, you know, the response with all the changes and the format,
what's going on in the station.
Now, there are many things people can be talking about,
and in addition to like throwing in some names on the pole, which they do.
But generally speaking, unless you've got a building pole, and people can add names to,
they ain't got nothing to say in South Florida, I didn't invent that, that's nothing new.
At any rate.
It says also related to starting late due to Howard.
Boy, how can I get somebody to work the first hour of my job, Bobab, since Bigarney.
Good point, Arnie, as usual, you got your thumb on it.
What person in their right mind wouldn't give their left arm and half of their left
to have somebody else work the first hour and an hour and a quarter of their job
and just to get paid the same?
Sounds like a deal to me.
To us, listening.
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM?
Sounds dead as a door nailed to me.
WDQAM, hello.
Good, hello.
Yes, sir.
You heard that the king of pop is moving to Miami.
And?
Yeah, Michael Jackson, man, he's moving right next door.
And?
Ah, we're going to love it, buddy.
Have a good day.
Okay, good, okay, say hello to you too.
Never met a slime ball, let me just say, I almost said something else.
F***ing bag.
It begins with scum.
Can't say that.
Who do you think is the most beloved American celebrity of all time that's our poll on
neo-roger.com?
For him to need votes.
And, you know, come see Come Saw.
Of course, the other thing when you gauge the response on a pool, keep in mind that when you're
only on for two hours and forty-five minutes, you're in the course of the show and ain't
going to be that big on the pool, right?
Right.
I don't think we're going to be doing too many of those, we got a thousand votes during
the show, polls anymore, John.
No more record, breakers.
No.
Elvis 89, or when 27 years ago was his last ball moment, you can almost hear it.
You can almost smell it.
And of course, back in the day, we could let you hear it, but we can't do that anymore.
Elvis 91, he zoomed past, Bob Hope 85, Lucy's dropping, Lucy Elba 80, and after that it's
not much.
Jackie Gleason 24, the Duke 23, Johnny Carson 19, etc., etc., small potatoes.
Everybody QAM, hello.
Yeah, I'm Jackie Cacillom, maybe I'm there.
Everybody QAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to talk about the house furniture.
I'm listening.
Hello.
This is me.
Is it Neil?
Yes, sir.
Sounds like me.
Hey, why are they cutting up the house furniture like that?
Why are they going to?
I can barely listen to it every other word, they bleep.
Well, that's because they want it and they don't want it.
You know what I mean?
They don't have the balls to put it on, I'm expregated.
They're going to lose a lot of fans, right?
Because they've got to go to 103.1 to listen to the full effect.
There you go.
All right, that's the way they want to do it.
It's Aval, don't blame me, man.
It's not my choice.
It's the QA in FN way.
He's getting a little porky with me, right?
That's the way you want to do it.
What do I got to do with it?
Straightening you.
Yeah.
Well, we're going to go to the buzz.
Get a good buzz, yeah.
I mean, it just makes sense.
Don't ask me.
I'm not involved in these ingenious programming decisions.
I'm not the one who all of a sudden had a bad case of diarrhea and woke up on morning
and decided that, oh, I don't love sports anymore.
And we don't care if the dolphins take their eggs somewhere else.
And Howard Stern is going to make something.
Maybe they're right.
Maybe it's going to work.
Maybe.
And maybe on the other hand, it'll blow up right in their face.
You know, like that.
Who the hell knows?
Time will tell.
What do you think?
Theoretically it could work.
Right?
I mean, there are so many people who can't hear the buzz or for Myers who are dying to hear
Stern's act and his voice and whatever.
Even if it is chopped up, they'll put up with whatever they get.
But from what I'm hearing all of reports, and again, keep in mind, even if I wanted to listen
to the whole thing, and I would only listen to a few minutes here and here last these
two days, I hear the pre-delay.
So in other words, when I'm hearing it, it's not all chopped up.
All the way to here when the satellite drops out, all that funky Tommy's band music, all
that heavy metal.
And this morning I said, what is this?
I mean, even I couldn't figure out what the hell was going on.
You know, like is this part of the format?
It sounds to be quite honest with you.
Like an abortion.
And you know how some people feel real strongly about abortion, don't you?
Exactly.
20 till 2 at 5, 60 WQA, and the new home of Howard Stern morning, six until whenever.
And by the way, anything else Robin?
Another new story?
Oh, brother.
Have you heard me talk about dry concepts for over 20 years on a show?
In fact, I've used them in my home for over 20 years because they're very simple, they're the best in the business.
No rip offs, no scams, no 595 room games that they play.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront.
They send their certified technicians into your home, roll up their sleeves, they dry clean your carpets, which is an exclusive patented method.
Nobody else in the world does this.
It sucks out even the deep down dirt, way in the fibers of your carpet, that leaves your carpets looking and smelling just like brand new.
Lemony fresh, and of course they're drying a couple of hours so you really can clean today, entertain tonight.
So whether it's your carpeting, your draper, your pulse rear, your airy rugs, your expensive oriental rugs, all of these things.
These are the folks you want to trust to them.
And like I said, they give you a written guaranteed price upfront.
A little rose when they finished the job you had to uncheck and you look at that floor and say,
it looks and smells like I had brand new laid right there under floor.
Call them toll free at 1-800-248-5071.
Use them one time, you'll never dream of calling anybody else.
And when you do make that call, have them put you understand by a list of the 7-X to 15% off the already unbeatable price.
toll free at 1-800-248-5071 or online at stront Concepts.com.
Drought Concepts making carpets clean and saw Florida since 1979.
Your name's Emil Rogers.
The President of the FlexiPKQAM.
Pretty presidential endorsements.
I'm Donald Trump and I'm endorsing John Kerry.
Even though I have no respect for liberals, I also don't like right-wing nuts.
Besides, my casinos always do better under democratic administrations.
President Bush, this is the top one. You'll fire it.
They say they'll keep up all their injuries until they expose all the secrecy.
No, they're not hearing what they want to hear.
There's no one talks while under open air.
Is it truly FBI? No, about the press.
This CIA make judgments that they now regret.
Both the anti-terrorism policies.
We just need more answers from the men who's key.
We need to know. We need to know.
What worse knew about my one-one we need to know.
We need to know. We need to know.
What worse knew about my one-one we need to know.
145 and 560 W.
If you're bringing the tear to my eye to think that it's almost time for the mad dog.
Oh, right. Actually, he just came in. He's in studio today.
Right.
And he just had this look at his face like what's going on at QAM?
Like he just swallowed the treasure cap.
Yeah, he said it's weird. That was his quote.
It's weird. All right.
Yes. So he told us to tell you hello for him.
Hey, mad dog. You demand.
And by the way, he's been a kick in ass in those ratings.
Gigantic humongous.
And then, you know, the fact that he gave that money to Bob Graham's campaign.
And we won't put that on the ear.
And we'll hold it against him.
Oh, I speak at a Wayne Highs thing.
If you look on it, I forget what that website is where it tells you all the people
that donated money to political campaigns.
Right.
And Shula and the mad dog give two grand a piece to Bob Graham.
I guess that's covering their ass because of the Miami-Lace connection.
But in any rate, Wayne, of course, always is a big Republican, right?
Wayne, that field.
But as far as Wayne being not wanting to stir on the station because of the fact,
see if it doesn't make any sense to me.
Well, I'm not going to waste my time with Wayne, okay?
This doesn't make any sense.
Okay.
I'm not gay since I was aided New Jersey scandal.
The Israeli man in Israeli, just like that moron Duron,
Geronovsky, Duron, the drone, the moron.
In fact, every time I hear that voice, I hear Marron is what comes to my mind.
The Israeli man at the center of New Jersey Governor James McGreeby's restaurant,
a designation over gay affair, said in an interview published yesterday,
he is straight initially had no idea that his former boss was a homo.
Gollum, Chappelle, for the Israeli Daily News Paper, Yeti Yot, Aura Note,
then McGreeby repeatedly made unwanted sexual advances.
Chappelle said he informed the governor at one point that he planned to sue him for sexual harassment,
and Laurie's been negotiating a settlement when McGreeby resigned last week.
The other story we had on our website said he was trying to shake him down for five million bucks.
It doesn't bother me that it said that I'm gay, but I'm really not.
He said I'm straight. I'm straight as an arrow.
On the other hand, he accused me of being an extortionist.
Someone has lost his mind, he was quoted as telling Yeti Yot.
McGreeby and we know over the rest of that story.
Trying to was shaking down for five million.
So they say alleged.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line,
on the Howard Stern Response Line.
Come in to QA and Hello.
Hey Neil, yes sir.
That'd be processed by a call by saying I'm a big feminist.
Every year is a policy enthusiast.
I get to say that at the beginning of data.
I've no longer shown, I live higher Stern.
I've never liked it before, but you say you know,
that people like Benura and Aura,
but I live higher Stern.
I love you.
I live with you QA.
I'm not fed everything I need.
Are you recording?
Talk in the morning and spoke in the afternoon, right?
What's nice about you?
I was not so like, not sports 24 hours a day like a budgekin.
Right.
Now one more thing, I worked for FedEx and I passed by your building this afternoon.
And you were talking about the satellite.
There was a problem with satellite.
Uh-huh.
Okay, I saw a bunch of guys on the roof fixing the satellite.
So I also leave all that cutting on and stuff won't be happening anymore in the morning.
Now I think those guys on the roof were trying to restrain low from jumping is what I heard.
Is that what it is?
Neil.
Thanks a lot, Kelly.
Neil, Neil.
One more thing.
One more thing about your show trivia.
Remember you had a caller called Big Something.
Big Something.
She was a security guard.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, George would know.
Big, uh, yeah.
She was a security guard in the Hall of the Hill in the building where my aunt lives.
Right.
Right.
Me and my buddy were trying to figure out her name, but we couldn't.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, George just mentioned her to me the other day because we were talking about this lack of security guard we got now.
Big, uh, big guy.
Was it Big Max?
Big Max.
That's it.
Is that the one?
Yes, sir.
All right, Neil.
Let me see.
Okay, see you.
See that?
Now that's the kind of call we need.
There's a happy guy, which is not easy to find in South Florida, right?
Right.
He likes Stern.
He likes me.
He likes, uh, not somewhat sports anymore.
He's a happy guy, right?
Right.
All right.
He's a happy guy.
Right.
And they're affixing the thing upon the roof.
Huh?
No, I really believe that it's more up there.
Don't do it.
Uh, Moe, you still got a couple of good years left in you.
Yeah, doing something.
I have to, after, after finding out that he's not listed in those promos at all.
I mean, I heard it.
It says Howard Stern, Neil, uh, mad dog and the hammer is what it said.
I didn't hear no Moe in there.
That was him.
No day.
He's just wallpaper.
No one knows about him anymore.
No one knows about him anymore.
When you think in his position, he'd be lucky.
He'd be kissing the ground effect.
No, no.
We're not with that ego.
He doesn't get it.
Kiss the ground that you're still on the air, Moe.
Believe me.
I'm going to figure out some way to make you just disappear,
thinking it's a vanishing cream, and stick it on that gigantic ball spot you got now.
They do it.
In fact, if you see Greg approaching with a big jar one of these days,
Now, if you see Doug approaching with a big jar,
That's another story.
That's a horse of a different color.
10-2 at 5-60, somebody Q-A-M.
I've been telling you about a laser recharge.
The toner and recharge cartridge specialist has to pass through.
You waste a lot of your call, 800-287-9212,
and save it a crap load of money on your printing and office equipment supplies.
For those of you who haven't called, what you'll be waiting for?
A laser recharge has got ink jets, thermo-carbon paper supplies.
They provide service support maintenance for most makes and models of machines to make them run like brand new again.
When you call 1-800-287-9212,
You'll deal with just Bob, the Solonor has been supplying businesses and stuff,
Florida with what they need most cases within 24 hours.
A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges,
as compared to depot pricing, and all the cartridges sold by A laser recharge are
Remanufactured, not refilled.
Anybody on the street corner can sell you a cheap refill cartridge,
but you'll only get what you pay for.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go.
A laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers,
copiers and faxes, along with brother and Xerox drums as well.
A laser recharge is part of their individual service,
and they offer you a no-questions act, satisfaction, and what-and-see.
So if you need total cartridges, all of these things,
just pick up that phone call just Bob,
at a laser recharge, call toll-free 1-800-287-9212.
You can log on to their website, alaserrecharge.com,
or make that call today, you'll have your stuff in no time at all.
1-800-287-9212.
You are listening to Neil Rodger's A,
collectively on 5-6-4-0-5.
3-2-1.
3-2-1.
3-2-1.
3-2-1.
3-2-1.
3-2-1.
Well, here's a good one to add to the pull of Marlon Brando,
since any impember of pines, thank you Eddie.
He's going to make us an offer, we can't refuse, or he can't, or somebody.
What do you think?
Yeah.
It's a question of what?
You don't think Marlon Brando belongs on the pull?
Sure he does.
Well, now that he croaked, what do you think?
What do you think?
It's 2 o'clock already, Faso.
You have to be dancing a jig around there.
So, Valid Point, I can go to Keynes practice now.
Here you go.
Let's see, here's our pull result.
I'm not going to touch that.
453 votes.
What do you think is America's most beloved celebrity of all time?
And this was on a scale of 10 I'd say this pull was about a six and a half
today, Come See Come Shot.
11, 98.
Who took his last VM 27 years ago?
Well, the blessed last soul was wrong to me.
Bob Hope 91, he ain't singing no more.
Lucille Ball 85, John Wayne 25, Jackie Gleason 24, Johnny Carson 22.
I'm going to read all the results just to a piss off at Faxi Raoul.
You've got so much talent taking these fools to bed.
Reds, Galton 16, Andy Griffith 11, Muhammad Ali 10, Fred Rogers 10,
Captain Kang Wu 9, Celia Cruz at 8th, 8th, Prasigia.
I'm incredible.
I'll curl Bernat 7, Marilyn Monroe 6, Frank Sinatra 5, Frankie Lyman 5.
Hey, Frankie, how's it going?
Bill Clinton 4, Jerry Gell, now how come Clinton got on her?
I said no politicians.
You don't think that George made a mistake to you?
No. Jerry Garcia, George Burns, Carol O'Connor, Judy Garland 3.
James Dean and Danny K. each had a pair.
Arnold Palmer 1, Bob Marley, Bill Cosby, Ray Charles or Michael Jordan.
That was supposed to be the ethnic selections there.
And so far they're all tied with, they got the big ol' honey like that.
So pretty, you know, my general analization of this is that they still got some,
they got some kinks to work out, you know.
The organization, the corporation, Greg Reed.
They got some kinks to work out in the deal, right?
It's a work in progress.
Right, it's a work in progress because naturally you don't expect Greg Reed to do anything like with careful planning.
And like, ahead of time think about to this and about that and what if this and, you know,
lay it out like somebody would do a, with careful intelligent planning.
No, it's just jump right in with both feet and the sea, you know.
Like jump it in that pool and finding out there's no water in it when you hit the bottom.
So we'll see how it works out.
Anyway, I'm ecstatic, man. This is exactly what the doctor ordered.
In fact, I liked it so much. I'm going to come back on Thursday.
Woo-hoo!
Little George will be back tomorrow.
And then I'll be back on Thursday.
You see, it is only another week and a half of this.
And then unfortunately, the bad news is, it's back to that five-day-a-week grant.
But I hear the good news is, Robyn's going to have anything else by the way, Robyn.
Bye-bye-bye!
