The other person...
...is John Brown.
Oh I hate you!
He's a fump in the fool, the heart is arrogant, fooling the powerful father.
He's don't give any truth when expressing his views.
He fought us for all.
He's got a wolf down on his head, he's got his head in his head.
He's got a wolf down on his head, he's got a wolf down on his head.
He's don't give any truth when expressing his views.
He's don't give any truth when expressing his views.
All the freedom he's bringing in everyone's death.
That's one of the half of the bad news.
Of the world's race.
And the traitor was most of the best president of the primilial.
And finally met her, loved the shirt, and the big jail.
If it ever was the worst, you got too much.
That on his house, final lesson was enough of a tragedy.
He's got too much.
That on his house, final lesson was enough of a disaster.
He's don't give any truth when expressing his views.
That on his house, final lesson was enough of a tragedy.
He's got a wolf down on his head.
He's don't give any truth when expressing his views.
That on his house, final lesson was enough of a tragedy.
Martine P Tryna has, like, a maniac.
We're just talking about Steve, won't we give it in?
Indeed we work, that's hard because I started playing that listening to that before the show and you said, oh, sticks.
And still, they break my bones but don't comey short.
Anyway, so I guess we're all done now, huh?
Yeah, I tell them.
How long have I been telling this audience?
Take your radios and just put them in the bottom of the swimming pool and the bottom of the bathtub.
It's a real good idea, just to schmit canem.
You're good.
Why shouldn't I say that because they all earn a heart, junior, probably get another $25,000 fine.
Well, we'll get to all of that.
So bad news from Iraq again, though, where everything was, we thought was going pretty well.
Oh, where far?
I guess one, it ain't.
Two more US orders killed in separate bombings in Iraq.
Two killed and two others were wounded, one very seriously, by the way.
In separate bombings that occurred within hours, the US military said today, the attacks also injured and Iraqi translators.
The names of the dead soldiers were withheld pending notification of families as of yesterday.
1,064 members of the US military had died since the war began in March 2003.
Of those 809 died in hostile acts and the figure include three military civilians.
It's approaching 1100.
In the size of my election day, which is 3.5 weeks away, it'll probably be over 1100 or their bouts getting close.
And you have to wonder, what is the magic number?
I mean, what the...
About 30 men.
That should have been the number.
What's it got to about 30?
That should have enough to send off some warning, flashing lights and bells and stuff like that.
Oh, the first thing that we find out, that the latest report that came out early this morning, about 4.30 this morning, said,
absolutely positively beyond the shadow of a doubt.
No questions about it.
This is all about the crap.
How many more reports do we need already?
But anyway, there should be some...
There's a lot of news yesterday's poll and we'll talk about what we're going to do now.
What do we going to do?
Retire.
Yeah, that's something, or maybe...
You cannot let them learn!
Oh, what do I want to do?
Yeah, we could do that.
What am I going to do?
1764 votes.
Actually, it's more than that now, but I'm not going to bother with it.
Which of these things would you most taping thought of as by others?
People's.
Dumb.
277.
You don't want to be thought of as dumb.
Dumb, like that.
Republican 275.
And of course, don't you see how these kind of like tie together?
Allows you lay.
Is that Tom Delay?
Allows you lay 249.
We'll get to him also.
This on is 227.
Be a freaking liar.
Well, I don't want to use that extreme word like freaking liar.
And that's what Kerry should have said.
No, I don't want to say you're a liar, you're a freaking liar.
He actually said the F word like chain you did.
How come it's okay for a chain you to say it, but not for John Kerry?
Shut up, buddy.
Religious fanatic 196.
Don't want nobody thinking to me as a religious nut.
Oh!
Firstly, when I'm walking around with my schmata on my head and my tits isn't my...
...tallus.
Am I to fill in?
Fat Slav 178.
Homo, 106.
Oh, no, Homo.
Amahomo?
Boring 66.
Agri 58.
Dolphin 55.
Are there any Dolphans out there?
Any more.
Now, in fact, can you imagine the amount of Dolphin impersonated has been buried and burned
and...
That's the idea.
...that I'd be able to bring you that idea like Steve Dolphan with the disco in front of me.
Burning out the disco records.
How's that?
Sure, but those are collectors items out.
What's that?
The Dolphan's paraphernalia.
Yeah, all right.
Let's go put away.
I think I'm a great idea for somebody.
Not us, of course, because we're not a sports show, but somebody who does a sports show to get a thing over you.
Burn out your Dolphin jerseys and cap stuff like that.
Just as a way of protesting the organization, the way they've destroyed the whole freaking thing.
Dolphan 55, a Wimp 34.
Even Bush won, didn't want to be thought of as a Wimp, even though he was.
Old 32.
Ancient.
Short 11.
People don't mind being called short.
It's just the...
...separate they are, carry.
We met at the debate.
That was the first time we met.
That was the first time we met.
Yeah, the first time we met.
Here's Laura Boone.
Here reminds me a little bit of Lady Bird Johnson.
You know, that's Shrub, the Bullish Inn and the Three.
Yeah.
Oh, I've got such a great line for that, but the Secret Service will be very upset.
So I'm just going to smoke over it.
Yeah.
Carla Grunai is our beaded curtain chick today.
She was born December 23rd, 1968, which makes her 35, almost 36, getting a really ancient.
She was born in Torino, terminally.
And what does she do?
She was in late divorce, unzipped, paparazzi.
Or she played herself.
Catwalk, Shlunfraun developed.
And that's about it.
And Lomas Pus, Omrae, Lumieri.
She's a tough guy.
I don't know what that is.
So there you go.
That's...
She's on there.
Carla Brunai, whoever it is.
She looks okay.
She's on a model.
She's on a model.
She's been around.
She's got the right part.
She's got a couple of boobies on her.
If you're old enough and you're promised to tell several friends.
Just like what's his name?
On Popeye old, does you know?
If you're promised to tell a friend, we're going to give this to you.
These 85 pieces of cutlery for like $300 payments of $4.85.
If you're promised to tell a friend.
How do they know if you're really going to tell a friend?
Have you ever seen those in front of our shows?
They have this.
I see.
And of course, if you don't tell a friend, they want the money back.
But yeah.
Word and losers job over naked inmate flat.
Now, is that a three or a four minute break we are coming up?
I'm sure it's only three, right?
You'd be Idea say there's Fourthluding.
A short one means a week break.
What's your strategy?
What's your reward for a week's four extra extra strike with a extra strike break?
The Yelgar ain't here to catch these guys again.
He just against me.
Timmy just against him with his problem is corporate funders like the bad ones.
we
I was really glad to cry, filled with sorrow
I wanted things to move forward
I couldn't move like a kid, and I could be crushed
I could raise my head like a kid, I was my man
When I told him, now he's in school
He's here tonight, in the town of Ben-Man
I don't know, as a bug, I'm here to check
It's a kind of a time
I'm here to bump, or the child of Ben
In the town of Shown
I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I
to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm
here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I
to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm
here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I
I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump
I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump, I'm here to bump
What's your name again? England How could I forget England? I'm trying to
5.67, here's the pool, what am I giving the number out? I haven't given the pool yet
I'm on my head of myself because of that $52.40 price for a barrel of oil, that is crude
Now listen, I noticed on our website we had that fantastic thing on there, Requiem for the offensive line
On our behind-the-scenes curtain thing along with Carla Brunai and a bunch of other pretty raunchy stuff
I didn't notice until last night and you had noticed it at all being the non-sport winner
that you are being Mr. Antisports, I'm Antinear, you're Antisports
that the cheerleaders there are the supposed cheerleaders are doing the ass to ask the
back dome to back dome thing with a colorful that's a beautiful piece by the way there with the dolphin
flashing colors on there the aqua and orange if you notice but anyway if you look at the
faces you realize number nine there we have Jay Feele, number so easy touchy feeling
I did that you know what that those with their heads on there superimposed
no you didn't sure I did my talking about it before the show you pretending you didn't know we
just line or just uh just uh just uh just uh just saving face oh is that it?
I thought you let the whole day feel it let me tell you I don't have much of a face for the five
head ears I wouldn't save it I just started just toss it away like you did with the football
over there oh yeah just give it a toss just see where it lands okay it'll wind up something like
it fever is dumb and day one step is dumb yeah let's see it I'm gonna play it again because I
don't I don't like the way you uh edited that sorry no if it would have been me I might I might
do this fever is dumb and day one step is dumb yeah see that's it that's all you need here
we don't we don't need any rest of that anyway here's today's pool who should WQA and we keep
doing this all over and over again because once they blew up the first team and since that day and
I keep mentioning this because it's so embarrassing but since that day it's like to hump the dumpy
thing and they all the Kings horses all the Kings asses and all the Kings men couldn't put the
pieces of the morning together again I'm QA and they not be able to put the pieces of AM radio
ever again I've been saying AM radio has been dead for many years and now uh AM at FM according to
stern moisture and he knows his crap supposedly just asking uh AM and FM are big deep doo doo
because once the major personalities from any radio commercial radio wind up on serious XM
anything like that on the internet uh your regular radio is gonna be worth about a dime you'll
be able to buy radio as it crezies for a dime are they still in business crezies I doubted I'd
never heard of it nice news crezies five and dime all of those joints and probably all of the
belly up who should WQ and put on in the morning six to 10 a.m. when Stern veils out in January 2006
not granted 15 months away the good part about that for our listeners is that at least on January
one 2006 we got two one of a day it is we go back to attend to no more of this 10 30 10 40 what
was it today about 10 46 I do believe something like that they're about yeah so no more that again
I'm not that I'm complaining I don't want that old crusty fart from New York and have the ass
in calling in again oh yeah oh yeah I hope you get the run over by a freight train anyway here
there are only choices I put on there so far we don't have any on there yet do we no well I
gave you Bob and Tom right Rick and Sudd which is a property person is gonna be George and
Sudds tomorrow the first vacation show for me and Sudd will be on there to have some free food
and we don't care that Rick Roddy's a grandpa okay says don't pour the audience with Rick's
personal craft somebody like reasons that were delighted the end on the year anymore what somebody
like care no we don't why do you care no why don't you admit just right now on here that you
hate Rick like poison and wish you would die a wicked death you run over by a truck or something don't
so I'm like that Bob and Tom are you following this now Josh on phone Rick and Sudds and I won't
listen period no matter who we put on the morning they either got some other station or they don't
listen before there's your whatever I won't listen for it and then they can add on whatever names
whatever choices they want you know I mean don't don't don't even him I don't care what you
want to put on sure well we ought to put him on there right now nobody more how I'll suggest that
okay more how we gave it well I was gonna let them have an opportunity to suggest that
absolutely more probably what a code and we got to put him on just by himself where is it
going to be like low and guilty like the old and you can put whatever you want I don't care
I'm easy more how we gave it low and guilty yeah and we'll see what else they got in mind
I'm listening I'm sure that which I find most of us are WNQA and hello
and with a little old man I put him on I'll be ready by then who is it
one and little Havana with the Momae shirt oh yeah one from a little
okay thank you Moe and Juan from little Havana that's good I like that
because that one is really great but see that's the one that I've always don't understand of course
we don't work for people who have any concept of what talk radio is all about so the idea that
they never ever said hey would you stop putting the same chronic people on here all the time we
don't want products on here for the death now we'll talk radio they don't get it they just don't
understand it or they're just to to justify to go and just say it I just it's just common sense
to anybody who's even got the tiniest clue do we have a clue no WNQA and hello
Hey George yes sir hey I just want to give you guys a heads up you guys are giving away
tickets to John melanchand concept but I think it's cancelled well that's how we're giving them
away thanks for the bad news pal okay no problem are you positive I just went online
you guys because I read it yesterday right and and then there's something we take them as a
saying they're not no longer available so oh we got the real one that doesn't mean that's
mean it's cancelled that means it probably sold out well I like I said I read yesterday that it
was cancelled so you guys made it do a little bit more check it out and if it isn't
wait a minute to scan we don't care look at boy all right no problem thanks how do you like that
nothing you've ever done anything like that before hey listen
wouldn't be the first time we've scanned the audience in fact we're going to have
way tickets to the dolphin home opener in the right if you get out there real quick
home not for next season but for this season you know the game that they lost already
what was the home open that was opening day was it who they lose to the first week was it
oh that's where I Tennessee and then coming to find out Tennessee is pretty lame
they're a shadow of what they were just a couple of years ago they're not much so how do you
like that nothing could be finer than to beat up on Carolina I don't think they got Carolina
on the schedule they got Arizona which we thought Arizona was really weakened and last Sunday
they pounded the crap out in New Orleans so not that New Orleans is too good but we're just trying
to find the team any team that's it often's by when so how do we find out about that about the
John Malin camp concert that we're trying to give away tickets to that the concert was cancelled
how do you do that now wonder we got somebody tickets to give away right right Josh is going to
Google it he's going to yeah do that Googleize things
into new Roger
exciting news we got the mole filling in for a man dogged too holy machina this is
go on the boys with the final legal eights and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil God the man of the moment
the way the man the bell is concert is going to be
the
will be exploded to the people
get lots and ticket the gas that we
will be the first time a crescentation
out right only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil
going forget about the real
the new fairtimes
to the right
we
really
over it over it you are
hit that
it racked as some
weapons of
faster structure
I'm dying on the air
3000 people killed
I'm now forgot that's exploit them instead
hey there's oil to be counted
going after some time to
Lane Kato's sum up there's no longer a
pension of
the name is lot and no but no it seems
it's a dull
of being complacent
believe in every word of this hard kill administration
that controlled us by fear through me and a
manipulation and the right
we
is doing it over and over and
to our
heads
and I racked as some
weapons of
fastest
ruckian
the loss of civil rights is the
price that we're paying we're all suspects now
not the ash croft is saying
I have nothing to hide
table partners all are saying
I know being in cattle don't have any
reservations
out of provoke battle and
world and my own nation
overging us small
and having a virgin and so
with no objection at all
kill the crack don't have the balls
and the
right
wing is really
it over
it over
it too
of the rain wash
head oh my rag
has some
weapons of
fastest ruckian
only i racked as some
weapons of
fastest ruckian
I have a great idea from
morning showing happy
Tuesday
let's go on
Tuesday what you say
oh
huh
I like it
anyway sandfaxes instead did you get
chance to watch the fifth
estate on cvc last night ain't no i
didn't
it's a digtania is a real
really lives up to his name i guess is
what santa trying to say
that should be on u.s. television
immediately well hold your breath
right now santa let's you know what
a exhale
says have a great vacation and we
should put it on our website he says
well it's looking to that huh
maybe air could do that
the fifth estate last night on cvc
evidently about tania's thinking
of chan u this is so embarrassing
and it's getting a little bit of play
but you know when they ask grew up
against it's a little bit of your
play when uh... carry farce the wrong
flavors like big news headlines
all he wanted were the facts but digtania
end up generating confusion lots of it
in between all the lies
a slip of the tongue by the vice
president just before his head at the
table during two dmx debate with
dad would slide web surface to a
site run by jord soros a billionaire
who makes no secret of his opposition
is hatred for the bush
nazi boond
and answering a question about his
involvement with albert and chan u
meant to direct people to fact check
dot org
a nonpartisan site run by the university
of pennsylvania's annenberg public policy
center
years people watching the debate to go to the
site for facts kind of a word statements
about the corporation that chain used to
run a k a halibut and but chainy cited
fact check dot com
a for profit advertising site based in the
came in islands
the company decided to redirect traffic
to the soros i'd have to became indicted
with his about a hundred a second after the
debate
john burry hill i filled up your lawyer for fact
check dot com said wednesday
to buy the didn't direct a lot of the
aridges dot com with you the facts
right
you said that right
the facts
this was to relieve stress on the service
and express a political point of view
said very well spoke with the sites
administrators show after the debate into
they picked soros not only for his political
views very well said but because the
bayer could afford the costly den you
do hits the cell would receive
in the wake of the debate plus the site
administrators didn't want to point
surface of a candidate site that was
asking for money
soros was not advised that the switch
didn't know it had taken place until
wednesday said a spokesman germany been army
non-president number of visitors to fact check
dot org cards decide to crash server
plans yesterday what how do you like that
so that's what we need we need to go on here
on the show why tv anybody any slump
even uh... anybody
even regis
even uh... what's his name the guy with the uh... oxycreen what else is
name
i don't know the guy does the uh... what about that
that is the information for whatever is
uh...
appeal would be great
that would be good one of those infomercials because they show over and over
and it's good any aridges dot com and get all the
right to make about the pocket fishermen
i'm using it there
well i got times jikkes column american a lot of stuff including former
intel kicker saw the shooting at the secret in
we have to take a lot of calls get this pull going here so far
rick and says are right away with it
and then i won't listen to my report
how come we don't have more in guilty and more in more bandy i don't
we got to get more in guilty on their again together again although
there's a chance of that because the two of them will never work together in
fact i'm sure that moment goes in for my dog today will be confirming that there
is on a scale of minus infinity there are uh... fifty chances
uh... them working together again and they are all none and the shades of less than
on whatever shade you want to get
that would be qa hello
ill yes sir
uh... you know i think you have to bring back in the morning
who that
you know
oh yeah fact i said your words is a good job over there at seven ninety
espn the ticket
nine to eleven a.m.
see there i mean
what's the point i'm not going to go off on this whole deal because we just
keep doing this over and over i mean once you break that big drug addict egg
like hunting dumpy
it's very hard to put the pieces back together again and just when we thought
they were all set and signed and delivered when we thought ster was going to
get us the giant ratings for five years to come and when we're going to have
this tremendous lead in and we're going to have like a real short show every day
and they get a lot of money for a little less work and all of a sudden about a
bing
it's time to get serious says howard
who's sick and tired of being censored and working uh... you know in this
horrendous business now where we've paved in see this is the problem i don't
i don't blame the fcc i blame the national association of broadcasters i blame
the weak need people in this business are all always peeing in their pants and
always cave in
as opposed to like taking this all way to the supreme court even these not
these we got in the supreme court would have to admit that the fcc was never
given this kind of power to like picking shoes a lengthy laundry list of uh...
words and interpretations and all the other crap that do to a now that's not
even a purpose of the fcc but don't confuse them with the facts
to the qa hello
uh...
uh...
that that that that that that that was one of my favorites
was that still walking
that's so funny you should mention that
why is that he's got a cd out
i can't wait for her to play a little bit of an omundi i think
are you really we're gonna hear all season hawking stuff with judges and he
raps you know
that
you probably never read any of his work
like his book theories of the universe but you might have seen his can you
appearance on the substance now for one night only stand up comedy at its best
white isn't a big and lost the road because the first and it's the n a told it to
that's right steven hawking stand up comic he's coming off his stellar performance
of the world physicist convention and he's bringing his act to you don't
miss this opportunity to laugh until you twitch
marz and chanetino have in common those are places no man have gone before
it's steven hawking stand up comic we are all going to hell and i am driving the bus
he's a panic any so what's the deal the giant element camp kuba revolves
constantly canceled so at least yours carlens go live last time we check
right so far so let's cross that out here
about all of the tickets are gone they are yeah everything's gone because that
possible they were good something of value and therefore right and so we had a
daydue indeed well that's amazing that's pretty much that's somebody out there might be
listening at least temporarily George carlin next to his
the dejectively she'd remind me and while they last and they don't last any more
in the garden don't go out there because the van is gone and that's it they probably
high-tailed the discosy embarrassment factor about that John Kulger my own camp balls
embarrassment factor here yes that's show is starting on the weekend somebody Q a
m hello no let me ask you a question what you worried about who did thousands of
images you know a thousand spend yeah yeah you know it's amazing it's about
ten of these guys who call always say the same thing always say the same thing i'm
speaking on behalf of the zillions of golf fans who are out there okay i couldn't
give a crap if they ever want a game okay in fact i would like to see them lose every game
between now near twenty five twenty five until zeiger when Evans are competing for the quarterback
starting job and everybody knows that truck somebody Q a m hello if i could do you want to
know what schmuck means looking to mirror puts somebody Q a m hello yeah that morning shows gonna
be called talk at flat football with a one set okay great well he's gonna have needed jobs soon
can you believe it's already Thursday there's been no shake up there's been no uh
person else change the field myster still there all of these things but i shouldn't
worry about that because i like the patriots oh let's speak out of the patriots are we're
gonna put that time reading naked picture on our website or not oh that's up to you
well sure let's put it on here and we don't have to put a behind-the-scenes curtain because there
are no body parts unfortunately showing them it's just he's a in the getting ready to put his uh
uh sacks on or jacke on something like that right something like that he is stark naked make it
as a jay bird with a interesting breath don't hear it as it is from far away it's not really
you don't have to get all nervous and been out of shape it's just a just a guy you know with no
clothes on what's it what's the faith deal with that
we're going to do the g.o p condition has taken new your city by storm and now they're coming to
Broadway it's Republican musical starring George W. Bush and Dick Taney we're a couple rich man
but we're nowhere near as rich as there is white Teresa Hines Republican the musical the great white
way has never been this life and the grand old party has never been this old 76 is the average age
in this room 76 to ever take a couple years listen to what people are saying about Republicans
the musical I laugh I cried I worried about the Chinese help I've got a bad heart the doctors look
in at his chart and the odds are saying I'll never live to see our second-term star
it's George W. Bush and Dick Taney in the Republican musical
join them as they entertain inspired and explain their Mr. Policy
we'll borrow we'll borrow we sure love to borrow because that's how bad feels
to
you
the boss
Republicans
the musical now preparing for another four-year run at the Rose Garden Theatre
on the 32-28th till now we got Mohar David and did the filling in for man dog at two
a wrap because man dog desperately needs a few days off at least one of the hoppers on it for
this afternoon and then we got Hurricane Hotline and seven the beast from on I'm 10 to night
up speeds for itself 80k at 10 o'clock here's a fact that says
Neil I for one of them ecstatic about Howard leaving the only problem is that it's not soon enough
I can't wait for your show to get facts in normal lane suggestion for your pool and
his lane not the how it's moving to satellite radio are gonna first to say satellite system or not
uh reason I say it's lame is because it's been done a bunch of times the last couple of last two
days
yesterday morning and uh I think the Sun settled pool said like 42% of the people said yes they
love stirring and up to live the pay for the service and to get serious now that's a pretty heavy
duty number you think that 42% of this audience would pay to her the show now they're
hope much of them that I'm too crazy about it for free so he's got that loyal uh gathering out
there man millions and millions and it's it'll fly believe me he'll make the money he's got to
turn them around although I still say I don't understand how in their right mind the infinity
people how Viacom can let him go under for 15 months promoting the hell out of serious
which is going to be a direct competition to their commercial broadcast stations I don't get it
and yeah there's the rumor that well they're looking into maybe buying uh serious which would be fine
it would be great for them that would be a perfect fit that is especially as far as solving that
the limits concerned because then there's still repollumoney and the benefits of the steering show
and whatever other shows wind up being on there whatever other shows wind up being on there
you hear that no what say again anyway Tom jicker writes a and Tom call him here and let me
message wanted me to call him back and the answer is no last time I talked to you Tom he misquoted
me and uh you just I just you know have a great life the message was I'm actually writing a
story about radio like that oh god and like I should give him a gold star in a purple jelly bean
or something like that can you believe that yeah I believe it like I'm supposed to be excited
that he finally after all these months is writing a story about radio I'll think about Tom
stop it yeah but beside that so anyway this is what Tom jicker writes in these scum
sentel today stern headed to satellite radio we know that Tom chance at his news
Howard Stern's enemies have gotten the victory they have pursued for years
detractors of his risk a star like driving the nation's demo on morning radio host off the year
in the process they might be making him incredibly wealthy or wealthier in helping to popularize
an alternative form of radio which has no restrictions on content he left out one word there Tom
yet Stern who said he's fed up with the FCC crimping his freewheeling racy style announced yesterday
on his nationally syndicator radio program he's making a bold leap to the satellite radio subscription
service serious like cable TV satellite radio is delivered only two subscribers didn't use
the public airwaves so it's not something to hear from its scrutiny yet the primary appeal
of satellite radio has been greater variety in programming more than a hundred channels
get it almost every niche taste and music newsports and talk much of it commercial free
serious also square to break through and obtain the exclusive rights to carry all national
footbally broadcast starting this season now what it what does that mean the exclusive
rise i don't understand that i was hoping you'd explain i don't get it i guess as opposed and
i still don't get it maybe the networks don't care him like we used to have the cbs i don't
always talking about because certainly all the local uh fly to the flagship season they still
carry it and their fillets as well like us anyways as however it's never had exclusivity out of
town with the popularity of reach of stern who undoubtedly will be plugging the service until he
leaves the broadcast style when it's counter for the infinity broadcast he expires at the end of 2005
what's more stern said when's the hill attempt to recruit other popular national regional host to
serious serious will pay a hundred million dollars annually in production and talent fees to
stern they're also our incentive process for stern based on new subscribers he brings to the
service serious which charges twelve ninety five month in addition to the initial equipment fee
said it needs about a million new subscribers nationwide to make the deal viable sirs audiences
estimated to be as high as twelve million daily even though he's carried only about forty markets
including Miami for lower LWQAM and West Palm Beach WP using the buzz stern's demonstrated the
ability to bring his audience to new venues private parts a biographical theatrical film in which
he started more than forty million dollars at the box office the book on which it was based was a
bestseller as was a sequel miss America nightly television highlights from his radio show are the
highest rated programs on the e-cable network and in nineteen ninety four new year's e-specials
and read the greatest pay-per-view sales of any non sports programming serious was claimed six hundred
thousand subscribers is banking on stern the closed the gap between it and XM radio its main
competitor which most more than two million customers and charges nine ninety five a month
neither services during the profit their brief history serious reported a loss of one hundred and thirty six
plus million the second quarter XM said lost one hundred and sixty six plus million in the same period
walls we discussed confidence in stern serious shares on the nine's that the same closed yesterday at
three eighty seven a share of fifty two cents or over fifteen percent XM finish at twenty nine dollars
a share down forty eight cents or one point six percent by the way of price of crude oil fifty two forty five
money is not the driving force for the dealster and said he's making the move because of the FCC crackdown
stations have paid millions of dollars and fines for a decent-seek of plates against her in program
in june industry giant cheap channel agreed to pay one point seventy five million to settle all
complaints against her on the six stations owned by the company a payoff infinity's also paid
about two million dollars and fines for stern broadcast over the years the FCC is stepped up and
far while we know about that time as a result clear channel is dropped stern from its stations
and other stations that carry them have to put them on delay enabling them to delete what they
consider to be borderline material wqa in which picked up stern in august after he was dropped
by clear channels wbgg aggressively edits stern often assumption extent that listeners have no idea
what's being discussed that's quite in contrast to what tom wrote on just a week ago sunday in his
sunday questions and answers to him in his son sent a uh... uh... tv book when somebody suggested
that we're editing and slicing it up like a bunch of switches tom said well you know you can understand
what's going on and we have to you know you have to commend them her having the guts to put it
on with all the heat that goes on and now he says well it's uh...
we aggressively edits stern often assumption extent that listeners have no idea what's being
discussed which is a tom is it real or is it mammarack sweetheart
in spot a sterence baggage wqm general manager greg wede said he is very disappointed at the turn of
events uh... we obviously were putting a lot of our hopes on future ratings on him
greg said on speaker that something i forgot to remind you of today okay which i should remind
greg you i'll never forget no care good
with the fifteen months before sir actually leave the broadcast out recent
recent story to come to play replacing the station will survive will figure out
direction to go you know i go in a hell in a hand basket we're already well on the way now
the qm executive said the implications to the students will be on just a season that carry him
i don't think it's good for the industry to lose the talent like certain satellite radio but
that's what he's guys are being forced to go because of the restrictions
joys can play those part sounds i have to do a show that's going to put a smile a little
circle on somebody's face without any part sounds and don't be making a do that when you're on
tomorrow or not and you know we're going to advance it your own peril it's all i can tell you
Josh you better keep your finger on that yellow thing okay the button to
turn to that right now because this guy just a see you got two kids to feed one of which
actually you wanted and a wife of course which that's another story yeah and uh a car that you
might have to pay for one of these days if you know you make too many of those sounds so just
tell let's step right along just start to stepping right along man it's my best advice to you
a parting shot before i go on my well-deserved and well-needed vacation the 85th of this year
the 90th vacation of this year need a lot more vacation to do look at the man dog he
can't work in today probably didn't feel like it probably all bummed out from that dolphin season
it's just on a way to absolute hell unmitigated disaster in fact i'm sure mull would agree with
that wouldn't he absolutely boy how much this play this the whole four hours today you know just
over and over again figure is done and the one step is done figure is done and the one step is done
figure is done and the one step is done yeah hey man here's a fast from john and clumbies
south Carolina he says dying i'm a so that's got to be a joke but we'll put that on excuse
don't i'm a steadman in a chair you ought to be good for about a point two you can probably get
his big number in the market his bill or i'm he's doing the bill or rally non factor on the
light bulb junior here's another facts from somebody from mike hopefully the many people who
were directed to the source website were curious enough to go to some of the links i did the most
intriguing site is diplomats for change dot com check it out the signatures of their statements
are impressive says my thank you mike i will check it out put that right over there my check it out
pile when in doubt check it out here's a place to check out the emerald coast south
boat is best agent buffet they're excited to announce that the emerald coast arrived
with lobster fest every weekend i come and enjoy as much main lobster as you can eat as you
can shove down your fat push that's right all you can eat lobster who else in south florida even
dream would do an act also the emerald coast is serving lobster bisque the honest stone crab roasted
duck and grilled sea emerald coast is no ordinary agent of prey the service is impeccable you'll
never ever leave on an empty stomach even even the glit when they walk out of their say boy i
really am guzzent and public start off your electable eating experience with six different soups
then sample dozens of sickle and entrees like new you i'm sorry joys delicious on phrase like
new york strip made orders well as grilled salmon and if there's any room left in that big stomach
you're a sample a handcraft prime rib their new tie specialties and please keep in mind you'll
never walk out of there with almost dropping pounding headaches because they don't use any crap
no msd no cornstarch emerald coast cooks everything with their cholesterol free oils only
they prefer to eat you the huge salmon bar full chinese food line up in the brand new sushi bar
and because you deserve it if you have any room in that gullet left over when you're done they got
a full dessert bar featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream even with all your favorite toppings
and fresh fruit too the perfect ending to a serious bigot so if you're frustrated from the dolphin
losses if life is if turning the hell in a hand basket if you're psychotic because our line
up is going all over the place all over again go out there this weekend and just take out just
keep shoveling it down until you're explode emerald coast real occasions for you they're in sun
rise sunny ales and clever pines take the whole family or book your next business lunch and they're
right now take out and live you're available to the emerald coast has been voted numero uno number
one by seagat restaurant reviews and wsd and news a sound photos best aging the fail a lot of
that's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the unbeatable the absolutely
unbeatable emerald coast chinese but the purest needs a new Roger's
you drugs back in
you
one two
do
better
your
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
I'm not the worst in I'm dead.
Rick and Sudden could be on.
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
Well, that makes us feel like
maybe higher
Maybe higher
I'm not the star car racing fans
who heard they'll earn hard June
who heard they'll earn hard June
who heard they'll earn hard June
who heard they'll earn hard here
If theyhoo
That they would be there
If theyhoo
on a few seconds notice someone who does.
But Earnhardt became the latest victim of the self-sensorship that was unleashed by Janet
Jackson's famous, word-robemental function.
NASCAR fight at Jomestar, 25 grand in Dr. and 25 points in the Seed and Championship
race, dropping him into second place.
There's a certain irony here because Earnhardt's father, legendary Dale Senior, was one of the
drivers who helped make NASCAR the wildly popular national sport had become, and as his
nickname, the Intermediator Suggest, was no stranger to hard driving and hard language,
the elder Earnhardt was killed in that Daytona in 2001.
Just seconds after he climbed out of his car, TV as Dale Junior would have meant to have
now won five races at Telodeiga, his exuberant response, I don't mean Schmidt right now,
Daddy's won here ten times.
He said Schmidt.
So find his one thing, NASCAR's an incontestable success and just a probably, and just a concern
about its image, docking points is another, with seven races left to go.
If Earnhardt loses the championship by 25 points or less, the next tell a cup named after
the new sponsor with NASCAR so proud it will be tainted.
That was not lost on Kirk Borscht, the driver now and first, because of Earnhardt's penalty,
hopefully these 25 points will come into the final factor because we want to beat him
on the race track.
There's much talk that NASCAR's leaving behind, may even want to forget.
It's hard, scrabble blue collar roots in the Appalachian South, indeed two of their
main races are in Kansas, in Arizona, and there's talk of building a track in New York
City.
But NASCAR isn't that far from its roots and it's hard not to agree with Dale Junior's
take on the controversy.
If anybody was offended by the four-letter word I said, I can't imagine why they would
have turned into the race in the first place you said.
We're going to have to get used to being a big time sports figure and learn to talk like
when we came to drive, we stayed focused, we tried to stay within ourselves, everybody
went out there did their jobs, thankfully in the end it all came together for us and
it don't mean Schmidt.
I'm sorry, does it mean Schmidt?
Don't mean Schmidt.
So there you go.
Dale Hardt, Jr.
Dale, whatever's name is, Ponymouth.
What a crocker.
Schmidt.
Listen, if Josh can say Schmidt, I can say Schmidt.
And speak out of that, former NFL kicker saw it in shooting at the home of Sigfried in
Roy, Las Vegas.
I never heard of.
I do follow my football, even though I don't care about the dolphins, and by the way, Schmuck
gets a new material.
See, there are some people out there that talk about a limited repertoire, like the guy
yesterday that New York, real out there.
The reason that so many people left New York, him, you're happy now that how it's leaving
the station because you're always bitching about coming out and saying what the same
career has made him, just they got out a three by five card.
A former play skipper for the Oakland Raiders is being sought in and drive by shooting at
the home of entertainer, Sigfried Fishbocker and, and, and, call the murder, never heard
of him, 31, whose three-year NFL career ended after he missed crucial kick during the
97 season, was named in a felony warrant stemming from the September 21 shooting sergeant
Chris Jones said.
Police identified four as the owner of a white minivan from which shocks were fired at the
compound, owned by the illusionist once known to Sigfried in Roy.
No one was heard from police at Chuck and Pellet Shatterd when there was a left-of-hole
in a wall.
Police have not said if the two men were home at the time.
Jones said police considered four armed and dangerous and said he might be living in
a hotel or camping in southern Nevada or nearby states.
Ford faces six-colony warrant charges of discharge.
I thought we saw Montedy this morning.
Is this the, what, this is from last night, 9 o'clock.
Did we see him on TV?
I did.
Well, anyway, he faces six-colony warrant charges of discharge in a firearm from a motor vehicle.
And two-colony counts of assault with a deadly weapon.
Initially, the case was labeled a hate crime after witness told police to gunmen shouted
that the entertainers could, should get out of the country, later police said it was
not bias-related.
And yada yada.
Oh, what's his name?
Horn.
That's a, and friends celebrate the 60th birthday on Sunday, a year to the day after the
near-fatal tiger motornecorn partially paralyzed and forced a long-running sick-free
then church of clothes.
And speaking of ceremonies and anniversaries and the dates to a Dutchist Columbus Day, and
of course it's Thanksgiving Day of Canada here on Monday.
But guess what this week is the anniversary?
I don't know if it's today or sometime this week.
Let me give you a clue.
The acquittal of OJ of the Amchus OJ Simpson.
The much revered, I bet you when somebody left our sales department, you probably took
a lot of OJ pictures and blow up dolls with her.
It would seem fine, but there are a lot of choices.
I mean, people are there yet.
We haven't put them on there yet.
We're waiting for somebody to say that.
I'm sure he'll call.
Somebody QA, and hello.
QA, and.
Hey, that's beer meal.
Yes, sir.
Be me.
I got two great choices for you, Paul.
Different formats.
Sports format, right?
They always did a great job filling in.
But Joe Rose and Boot Chami.
Yeah.
Okay, forget about that.
Hey, Rose, Joe Rose has got a gig.
I don't like it.
I just had a moment to go.
Okay, so forget about that.
Good luck.
All right.
My other format, you need something we could open for you, even though you have to show the
naked picture of the greatest.
That's the worst it is on show.
Yeah.
He goes over it for you in the morning.
Okay.
Hey, that's a good idea.
Let's put your job on there.
I mean, I thought that I was totally loser, but let's put your job on there.
What do I not?
Huh?
Okay.
I think that was a bad idea myself.
WQA, and hello.
Oh, real?
Yes, sir.
That's K-Mart.
Now.
Really?
Yes, that's K-Mars.
I used to do well.
No wonder they're going out of business.
Thanks for having good news.
Crescent, you turned into K-Mart.
That's where the K came from, huh?
I thought it came from K-Y.
I had no idea.
Because those K-Martsters, they're sure taking it up to you all well.
You know, they were that's going.
Oh, bad news.
Bagdad, Green Zone onward after bomb found.
We thought that everything was out of control.
We had like peace and tranquility over there.
And the elections coming in January and all that good stuff.
Well, guess what?
US authorities raised the security alert in the heavily guarded Green Zone.
After an improvised bomb was found in front of a restaurant and Bagdad official said today,
the explosive device, thank the Lord, was safely diffused.
Oh, God.
Following the security announcement, a loud explosion that was put across Central Bagdad.
And white smoke rose from it.
Maybe they picked a new Pope.
White smoke rose from the direction of the Green Zone,
housing or Iraqi government offices.
And the US Embassy wrote his witness and said,
the interior ministry and the US military had no media comment on the cause of the blast.
All in front of it says that the Green Zone were closed down.
People working there said,
is there something that they blow that the smoke at the Vatican?
Locally, they select the new Pope and announce they're all way made of choice here.
That's one thing the Catholic Church is really good at is blowing smoke.
The Church of God is showing the Rogers mornings in the day and
the morning around the clock to fight the evil spirit.
Smart Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-8-L.
American girls and American girls who only listen to the message from the Uber ride
will have their tables offline as the troops come home dead.
They find it comfort of the night, hiding under the bed.
I never served in the army, I'm too afraid to fight,
so I sit right here near the TV far from the world.
I, under the troopers, yield the scurver,
I'm a big Christian,
do it prepared at some butter, do the fighting for me.
Now this country I love is occupied and I ride,
and all the summers like me whose nicks are crad in the back
have our tongues all placed firmly.
In Pusha's dig brown eye,
the big mouth's ours of the world who gladly follows time.
Hey Uncle Shal, till afraid,
she might already list,
but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist
and my flag will fly from the back of my truck.
Knocked in any odd, extrude of hatred,
odd again, I'm not both-
And my view of the full ride world is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah, I'm an armed terror warrior,
who knows better than you.
I'm an in-bred jerk, who parrots anything they say.
Don't have a readerist or kid so much easier this way.
To watch TV or looking pictures.
In Pusha today,
with my-
I made desproportitics,
as I chingled my brain,
and Uncle Shal,
through his braid,
to battle and list,
but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist
as I know my flag,
so I can pull on my-
That's long advice!
They proudly show the spots they cut that chewed on my-
That's the right, the saw they saw our-
Back to brands in the world,
on those Iraqis or Jews.
Oh, I am, yeah, I'm an armed terror warrior,
who knows better than you.
I'm an in-bred jerk, who parrots anything they say.
I'm a little surprised that I'm in this big red-
I'm in this big red-
Go to lunch, George.
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
Take a look at that heavy gunfire,
and I had that story sitting here from, uh,
about nine o'clock this morning,
where we were confedulating.
And CNN just-
and I just got through talking about it only moments ago,
and I'll see him discovered that there's heavy gunfire
in Baghdad, and there's smoke, the blow and smoke.
Maybe like I said, the Pope is, uh, a-a-a-a-thorough-us.
But in any rate,
trace your fireflies past Baghdad Hotel,
and of course that's where many of the journalists
are staying right now.
Keep shooting.
You're at that despite our fight that's under way,
that has been under way outside the hotel.
We're CNN reporters.
Fuck, you're an idiot.
There's other CNN-
I'm exactly with the state.
Look at this.
Let's watch this video.
Ah!
Watch it.
Yeah, you see, you see over there?
Yeah, the light-
Oh, light-
Oh, oh.
Yeah.
It's definitely green.
No, no, no, no.
You've got the light on.
What?
Skins, damage.
Again, man.
that video takes shot only within the past few minutes from Baghdad.
The voice you're hearing on the tape that a Brent Sadler is
directing everyone to turn off the lights.
Where we do our broadcasting from in Baghdad.
Fireflies are working really well.
So many international journalists are are basing including CNN's.
Firefighter we don't have details on casualties or damage or anything
along those lines.
I expect to get someone from our CNN operation in Baghdad.
I'm told we're going to try to give us some more information.
Explorers in the Gulf are in Baghdad and they just discovered
maybe one of their CNN Miami people is listening to the show.
And he said, hey, we better check this out or something going on over there.
I mean, this is not breaking news.
This story's been going on for hours now and the CNN comes
to breakfast.
All breaking news and here's what's great with it.
The Abnaxis beard and that's sneer on his poise.
Hermon hearing junior.
House ethics committee speaking of Machi's
Abnaxis Tom Delay again, which we say.
Not again, huh?
Yeah, I'd rather late than never again, right?
All right.
For the second time in two weeks, the House ethics committee has
issued admonishments to majority-lead Tom Delay over his conduct,
warning the Texas Republican to temper his future actions
to comply with House rules and standards of conduct.
What I should point something out to you about this thing would be
a satellite radio before you get too excited.
They're already, as a result of the stirring announcement yesterday,
they're counseling others at the FCC already are advising.
And of course, I'm sure that in cooperation with many
of the Nazis in Congress like people like Tom Delay,
they're already accelerating.
Remember, they were going to try to do anything
with satellite and cable.
Well, they're going to accelerate that.
And I would be willing to suggest that before
a stirring order is the very first word on serious in January 2006.
I hope I'm wrong, but I have a feeling that this is what they're
going to do as a shot across the bow,
as the legal type like to say, a shot across the bow.
They're going to regulate that.
And the Congress said, oh, yeah, we agree.
And Congress already agrees.
Look at the votes on the Indicency Bill.
My God, we're only three or four people
at a cajon's to vote against it.
So there you are.
I'll still believe.
That's what I'm thinking.
Is that before it ever even gets to that point?
So before you go out and invest in your serious radio,
I would kind of like to cover yourself accordingly
and keep an eye out like Colombo.
And see what's going to happen with us.
Because I don't think it's going to be what you think it is.
Anyway, the committee announced yesterday,
last night, that it had unanimously
had managed to lay in two counts of an ethics complaint.
filed against him.
I represented Chris Bell, a Texas Democrat,
who lost his reelection bid after Texas led
just like this past year,
redistricting plan engineered by the number two House Republican.
What are Wednesdays of management stem from the fundraiser
delay hosted for energy company officials
while Congress was considering major energy
legislation.
Sounds like those closed-door energy meetings
that Dick Cheney had that he won't tell anybody about it
with whom or what.
Never had any of those.
The other concerned contracts the contact
his office had with the FAA during a partisan fight
over redistricting in Texas.
He's a crook just about every politician
who was ever born is a freaking crook just about.
Maybe they're a couple of honest ones,
which means they probably never got reelected
in the first place.
That's why you don't hear from them no more.
I'm almost thinking of changing that pool.
I don't think we're going to be allowed.
Oh, this is all going on at the Baghdad Sheraton.
I'm going to throw back Dad.
Yes, I just said well.
567-0560, Tom 562 on the Verizon and singing the Royal
Sun.
And here I thought everything was under control.
Did you?
Yes, sir.
They kept saying, oh, we're fine.
And those elections coming up and things are great.
Let's start looking at the good things that are going on
in Iraq.
And that's just all these liberal nitpickers
along the point to a few brushfires and gunshots
and dead bodies and all dead kids and things like that.
And two more dead American soldiers today.
He's not a two more.
567-0560, Tom 562 on the Verizon and singing the Royal
Sun.
Who should WQ input on the in the morning, 610 when
Stern fails out January 2006?
What were you going to change the pool too?
I don't know.
I had a couple of things where I'm not going to change it.
Why the hell should I do that?
So you just want to, you just want on there.
We have a chance to get there.
You got five votes.
250 votes.
Ricken says 120.
I won't listen no matter what 65.
Bob and Tom look what they got.
Bob third man.
Moe Howard David was one from the little of Anna 19.
Moe Howard David and Jody Steve Geldt,
Yeldt Steve, Oliver.
And I don't know if you have breath.
That's never going to happen.
Don I miss 6, 8.
Who do we appreciate?
And George has got five.
But he just went on there.
So give it a chance.
Give him a cut him some slack or not.
WQA and hello.
Great day, I am.
WQA and hello.
Hola.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Neil Rogers.
Speaking.
Tell me if I'm wrong.
I thought I heard something about some shooting in Baghdad.
No, I think your wife has a major study rumor.
Yeah, well, it's only been going on for about a year.
Right.
And now it's in the Baghdad.
Wow.
I hope that nobody gets shot up too bad.
Yes.
Unless they're.
Unless, of course, they're evil doers.
That's what the key is.
You know, I mean, we hope that some people get shot up.
We are real bad, but especially the evil doers.
We don't seem to be having too much success
getting a hold of them.
WQA and hello.
This way.
Mexico.
Yeah, WQA and hello.
Q.A.M.
Maybe they could bring back.
Charlie.
Who is it?
Be State Charlie.
Yeah, be State Charlie.
I think he's going to be on a Monday morning
as a matter of fact, instead of the Stern Show.
We'll be State Charlie.
WQA and hello.
People run, heard you in Carolyn.
Oh, no chance on that one.
V-Pole.
Let's put V-Pole on here.
What do you say?
Get out for it.
Should have done it from the beginning.
Should have done it.
Now we shouldn't have done it from the beginning.
I was waiting for somebody to call in and for his along.
Now over an hour for somebody to call and suggest that.
Because he's just, well, he's many things.
But the one that really gets me is.
That's the one that really gets to me.
That whole engine business.
But that's OK.
Can't hold that against him forever.
And I would be surprised.
He was already being offered a job anyway, along with the
moment.
I'm thinking Mophaux is what I'm thinking.
Mophaux and V-Pole.
I'm thinking that's where it's going to go.
But that's a long way to go.
Who the hell knows what's going to happen between now and
January 1?
Lausier List is coming, January 1, 2006.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Programming line.
Yes.
WQA and hello.
Alvin and Harriet.
She's a little bit of a bit of a guess.
Great.
Never better, Palli.
Fantastic.
I'd like to ask you the monsters.
The morning comes out here from Orlando.
They're pretty much.
Monsters are the morning.
They're outside the run in the midday.
No, they were in the midday, not in the morning.
Oh, I heard they blow.
They're pretty funny.
They're all right.
They were talking about it.
You heard nothing but about them.
And again, maybe it's just some of our negative people out there.
But I've heard a lot of really hostile verbiage about the monsters
of the midday, what have they recalled?
And I got one more thing for you.
Yes.
I went to both in the, I guess, was the primary, whatever it was.
A couple of months ago.
I walked in in church.
And there was an old blue hair in front of me.
And a couple of blue hairs behind the counter there.
And the first thing they said to this lady when she walked in,
she said, Democratic Republican, the moment said Republican.
She goes, I thought so.
Really?
That was nice.
Wow.
I said, I said, I said, Democratic.
I did.
I did see about a swastika tattoo on her forehead.
Was that the first one?
It was terrible.
And then I said, Democratic, I got a third shoulder.
There was anyone to show me how to use the machine.
Of course, they would buy it.
I think that's what we get to look for.
Do you want me to move into Georgia, far where you call?
I start moving up the coast.
Yes, I do.
The way saying time to look to you.
I'll see you at the border, man.
I'll see you there at the Niagara Falls.
OK, just jump right across, saying it that far.
Just swim right across.
You ever been to Niagara Falls?
Have I asked you that?
Yeah, no.
And you haven't been there?
No, no.
Well, don't waste you.
I mean, just too many other places.
What a word I'm going to see.
It's just, you know, I feel like water pushing
nobody into the thing.
Yeah, rather good.
Waterfalls, so I am.
Right.
I mean, it's not a big deal.
I mean, it can be breathtaking, especially early in the morning when there's the fog
and the steam and it's all like, hey, yo, I'm the mist.
In fact, you walk outside, it feels like it's raining.
Right?
Because it's misting.
You know what I mean?
It's misty.
And police when it's there, we just like a water, playing misty for me.
That's the movie.
Yes, it was.
But it's misting over there.
My eyes are misting, just thinking about, don't go there.
Because then you go to the casino, you waste all your hard earned money.
And especially that new one in Niagara Falls, a beautiful place.
But all brother, those machines are tighter than a witch's earlobe.
They are really tight.
Fire racking security forces.
Will they be able to quickly locate where this gunfire, where this tracer fire is?
They're in the dark, but they're in the dark.
And then launch their own Iraqi security personnel to go out and find something new and
unsettling today, boys and girls.
Violence and chaos in Iraq.
Layer foxes at the direction we will not stay
until we are the-,
at the sign.
To it every day
You're
Third
I want to watch it on TV
I write
I write
The beginning was apparently a walk in the town
We did not know
It should take a day
You went off your spot on an Twitch
I write
I write
I write
I want to wake up
And she's as serious
Don't exist
Put in the air
And tell that
Saddamer saying
We're really pissed
You're under my skin
That little piece of shit
It gets away
I'll get the mob to make a hit
From the world
To the world
A wreck
You come
And stop
And you go
Off the town
We don't know
It's time to bomb
I write
I write
You're third
I write
I write
I want to wake up
And see that city is on board to fix it
I want to see that
And say that
Wind number one
That's all that he said
We can't be people
Again we have one
And
Spot
Coming
I
I
I want to see that city
Wind number one
That's all that he said
Put in the air
Let's make your heart
And you are the best
Down
I write
I
I
I
Remember the points of their
I'll do a show
With that six chair
And say good bye
Oh, I write
I write
I write
I write
I wrote
Total certainly hits
Yeah, well I'm banged
I get out of your
Fancy
20 pass
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
Would
that we can't do anymore. Frank says let's see now see you people your intent all right look
we'll put them on here even though he's already got a deal maybe I don't know what his deal is
I don't know if he's on a contract over there with the SPN radio I don't know how long it is or the
contract either but yeah we'll put your arrows on here. Sure. Now this suggestion here I'm going
to fly because Mad Dog already has been offered a chance to do mornings in these 85,000 changes
I've got on these generations since the first team got blown away and then I'm going to have
Mad Dog inked up before in the morning to come in and do it morning show. Nor is somebody else
I know. My hope would be a new morning show with Joe Rosen's in mandatory says being that they're
and they are and were the best personalities after you want to stay in the end for the river
together would be awesome. I agree that would be a great show but I ain't going to have them but
we'll put your arrows on there he'll go zooming up the ladder right? Yes indeed. Here's another one
that says for the pull Randy Rhodes this is also speculative speculating yeah because I like
huh this is a fantasy pull after Carrie wins their AmeriCorps will cease to exist it's in I
didn't know that they still do exist as a matter of fact I just love that anything I haven't
been without Frank and I can't tell I am for what's her name? Catherine Lamford. Laying for I can't
get that name right I don't know what it is blazing it on my head I sing well at some pretty
compelling radio. Listen to this competing polls reveal Florida remains a toss up there are two
polls and so you'll gravitate to its other one you believe in president Bush leads John
Carrie in the battleground state of Florida 48-44% of Quinn would new poll release yesterday but
let's see Bush's lead is within the surveys four percent is point margin bear meaning the
sunshine states it'll a toss up this poll a 625 likely voters was conducted October 4 and 5 by
Mason Dixon polling research for the hero that several other Florida news organizations the survey
also found that 2% of likely voters support third candy a party candy Ralph Nader in a 65
quartet 1% support other candidates and 5% still like Florida they don't know now a second
poll showed Wednesday yesterday that Carrie was leading Bush 47-45% well first it says Mason
Dixon pulls the Brad Coker says Florida clearly remains a battleground it's tight it is really tight
but the other poll shows Carrie 47 Bush 45 made her 2% 6% on the side that CC Nader continues
being a factor because some of you people are two things two of the are the SS crowds like the
president stupid and stubborn that's exactly Bush stupid and stubborn so you're going to help
to put Bush in for another four more years or hell as Teresa Heinz Carrie said four more
years of nightmare and you're gonna have blood on your hands when you vote for a Ralph Nader
I'm telling you that right there you go the American research group poll of 600 likely voters
October 2nd the fifth that margin error plus a minus four like the other one did too
Coker said polling in parts of Florida does such as the interstate four corridor across the
center of the state's ejection that Bush had opened up a double digit lead and voted before
the first presidential the late September 30th said Bush was up by a quick and personal
response to the hurricanes it's been a roller coaster coca coca said we've had two
conventions for hurricanes in a debate and now now we're back where we started
while Bush has managed to hold a small even the Mason Dixon polls and say pre-conviction
bounce in July he's still whatever this pre-conviction survey he's still well-short
of building a solid or commandingly to support main at the same at 48 percent but Carrie has
been able to gain in the states in summer losing two points since a July Mason Dixon
did that's in that poll you got it got it coca said there are fewer Nader supporters
than there were in 2000 more likely to oppose both both and Carrie well doesn't that's weird
these are voters whoever problem with both candidates the Nader vote isn't coming out of the
Carrie problem and wouldn't go yeah right right Bush as we would understand was strongest
in north Florida where he got 62 percent Carrie was strongest in southeast Florida where 57
percent of the voters favored him the two were more evenly divided in central Florida and on
the Gulf Coast and now the audio among whites Bush led 51 to 41 percent among Cubans and
other Hispanics 64 to 29 percent Carrie led among blacks 87 to 6 percent Bush was stronger among
voters age 35 to 64 Carrie had an age among voters younger than 34 and older than 65 how do you
like that Carrie had an age among voters younger than 34 and older than 65 Florida men split 54 to 38
for Bush and women split 50 to 42 percent for Carrie so yeah believe whatever you want to believe
pick a poll you know pick whichever one suits your fancy makes you feel better 56705 60 pound
five 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines WQA and hello yeah what about the bombshow sorry
I always got to have something to do right I think I'm gonna pay no football as you can bet your
bottom dollar you bet Greg's life on that WQA and hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing buddy great
but listen I'm just curious how does how does Bush get any percentage of the vote somebody out there
please call me some Republican can tell me what I'm gonna waste my time with the Bush
here look there's no I was my family how they're stupid because they're dumb it's the American
public that yes yes yes absolutely positive how do you watch this long before we have a civilized
country is around the rest of the world like here in Canada and the people are putting a hate
bush like poison and I mean to have an American like well here's a great leader nobody there's
nobody on this planet it hates Bush more than I you know what he is learning this country into the
ground yeah and with education health care and all the domestic issues right and all the people
that are dying in Iraq right now as we speak right yeah and lizard man who's probably running the
whole shield behind the war and the warlords who are running Afghanistan again but there's a
phony elections we have coming up in Karzai who's nothing more than a puppet for Unicael if they
help over there who don't know they kid man you know why doesn't Bush do it old honest they did
go to the theater pal oh geez
still hit that button yeah couple of times just we have to be a tourist okay him although I
think he had a very good point or something something probably have to explain it to him
you are listening to Neil Roger how do you say it here on 560-16-2-8 and
I'm George Bush and I've proved this message America is facing some tough choices that's why
this November the best choice is John Kerry what hey this ain't the message I've proved because
John Kerry knows how to make the tough choices okay if I did approve it I did do it on purpose
but John Kerry will do more than make the tough choices I got people shabbing papers in my face 24-7
times of time I don't even know what I'm saying it John Kerry will make the right choices I make 10,000
choices a day I think it can't I'll be right right now it's your turn to choose I choose for you to
cut me some slack and end this thing right here and this November the choices clear okay I'll tell
you what as your commander in chief I order you to stand down make the right choice both for John
Kerry no don't make the right choice both for me oh wait that didn't come all right give me
another round that what yeah come on I'm John Kerry and I approve George Bush's approval of this
message sugar com 32 of 560 of an EQ and Allison Miley sent me a very depressing fact because
after he goes through this whole thing about Glenn Beck said this and this one said that and about
how they lied about the war and all this stuff he says in the last sentence here I'm still on
the fence on this one unfortunately my profession benefits to my Republican president but I'm
turned between personal or national interests oh my god Alice that is so sad don't be like my
tell you I'm gonna vote for Bush because I get these have this big income and if I'm gonna get
these big tax cuts which I don't need number one number two I mean weren't happy to give back my
tax cuts and exchange for like a given a few freedoms back and they're gonna come through with
the same president or at least close to it we need a buffer baby Kerry and Democrats are a
weak and they're really weak but at least they're a buffer and at least they give us a chance
of something a little bit of hope a little tiny light at the end of the tunnel not much we're
still waiting information they're still waiting to find out oh look at this this a
tax was so good from Alice you sent it to me twice that's good I didn't intend to well at least
watch out a little bit okay don't be selfish like some people I know and believe me I know
many of those the money people hey these people are working finance all this other crap
for men dread man I'm tired of selfish people who just the too stupid to understand the
implicate and by the way let me just double check it again on the gambling channel let me just
take a flip over there to CNBC once again because I don't want to give you numbers there
oh 52 55 that's the highest I've seen all day for crude oil 52 dollar and 55 cent a barrel
I'm thinking maybe it's 60 what I like just go sit up there get that Fahrenheit 9 11 DVD
sit there and watch it especially the parts about the Saudis okay just sit there and watch
it the connection between the Saudis in the Abush family it's a cute little music
and our Bush yeah and take a look at the pictures of 15 to those slime ball terrorists from 9 11
Saudi nationals and then you kind of wonder well what's this all about what's
is read all about and again unicorn there's uh humming carzae or a big man in Afghanistan right he's
a wonderful man and the elections are all fixed already anyhow you can read about it on the internet
I think I put a story out there for tomorrow the elections are already rigged in Afghanistan so
what's the big simmits what's the big deal carzae will be violence like because he's our handpicked
puppet just like a lawi in Iraq same thing another CIA stooge just like they thought
would ask my child me until we find out that he was like a snitch in a given secrets to Iran
and of course we shouldn't know he was a crook because the rest of the world did already
but he was our man who's our crook see we hate it when that happens yeah get with it Alex and the
rest of you too how like the other color said before how is it possible that anybody could be this
stupid you got a president who lied about his sexual phecutalism we went through an embarrassing
at least two years of impeachment hearings and all the southern garbage that went on a Kenny
star in his pornographic report all of this gnashing he had wasting of time and diverting
from the real issues at hand and now we got a guy who lies in order to get the neocons their way
so he can go into a rack and start going after the world and again when you see in fair night 9-11
the deal with a Taliban and you look right now at the pipeline you know how they informed the
first things they did was open up the world pipeline through civil society Israel that was on the very
first things when they went into a rack I just mentioned that in passing to two more Palestinian
kids killed in Gaza strip but again like Kerry rather Edwards and Cheney said that I'm eight
the other night oh we don't care about that is what in essence they said nothing knows many words
but that's what they said essentially see Israeli kids that are dying for these terrorist
these suicide bombers the right no Palestinians dying just pandering and pandering and pandering
because that's what politicians do best they all do it all four of them and the panders WDQAM
hello WDQAM hello WDQAM hello okay we're smoking now baby 567 0560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular
wireless lines WDQAM hello at Neil yes sir you know that cars I was a vice president
unit cow before he I just got there saying that I didn't hear well I had to shut my radio I want to call
you okay all right man okay thanks thanks for good news now I guess
WDQAM hello I just got there saying yeah I'm trying to get a hold of the new Roger sir you're talking to it
oh hey I just had a comment about the the deal about the politician you're talking about the
politicians are all right yeah I didn't say they're all the same I said that they're all a bunch of
crooks crooks yeah liars right so does that go across the board for all of them jimsy's transgencies
that is correct would that include carry them yes absolutely okay that was all okay sure I'm not
one of those people to say oh I'm saying our president oh you know whichever what it is they're
all a bunch of losers man that's why Howard Dean didn't get the nomination because he was a
little bit too much on the outside of the he wasn't part of the establishment and he said too
many things that they weren't too crazy about such as we're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma
and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico we're going to California and Texas and New York we're
going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're going to Washington and
Mexico way I got the perfect ticket for the Olympic Democratic Party Howard Dean the perfect
ticket Al Franken and Julie Bergman oh boy it's the win factor you've heard of the O'Reilly
factorist the win factor so we've been in Al Franken and we've been in California
cabinet oh brother 560 05 60 pound 560 on a Verizon singular wireless lines they're all
pathetic they're tragic and carry and he's grown a small pair but boy he sure is held back and
held back and hasn't really come out and told him like it is and now all of a sudden he's as they
like to say he's fighting his voice now that he's kind of been politically backed up against the
wall the last couple of months now all of a sudden he's grown a pair and they brought in the
Clinton people to say hey listen cut the crap nobody cares about who did what the
human be at non 30 years ago let's talk about what 30 years ago let's talk about what
those going on now and let's rip these people and ask and what they really like I said just lost
the golden opportunity they could be double digit points ahead but they blew the golden opportunity
to the Democratic convention oh well we want to be nice you know they're attacking them with
a bunch just like the thing with Edwards and Cheney the other night they're talking you know
she's asking her in seven questions and out of nowhere the one question was just I don't even
know what the question was but she asked a question and Cheney goes off on a tangent about
Edwards he never met him before which of course was a lie until the debate and his attendance
record was put he goes into this vicious personal attack with Cheney as famous for doing
that had nothing to do with the question and of course Edwards didn't bother answering
them the questions either like a question about AIDS you know he spent about a minute and a half
of his two minutes of a lot of time there going back to a previous question because he
did one of them ought to talk about certain issues okay yeah anyway here's the facts that says
it doesn't matter who replaces Stern in January 2006 because other than your show and Stern
show which is indicated anything great puts on locally will be 45 minutes an hour of spots
so what effing difference does it make ask this very first the case is uh caller or a faxor whatever
he is it is and it says can you play the audio of the firefighting Baghdad and our idiot child
president telling us how wonderful everything is going in that would be good we just enfranchised
by an elected president because their cities are still ungovernable and how they'll react to that
this enfranchisement the cities are still ungovernable what I thought everything was under control
mission accomplished baby right right and you're going to see Dan Stewart and George W. together
on 560-60-8-2-8-8
Spencer Powell manure covers over this performance by the Dalper
or congratulations get away
oh
well welcome back to our 19 of the Al Franken show uh i'm Al Franken it's my castor in lamp
for now it's been brought to my attention that i don't know how to do a radio show well uh let
me assure you uh that this is cutting edge radio uh and to illustrate what what i refer to as
theater of the mind uh we have for you today a new rubber smile cartoon you know
it always always a panic could you uh could you roll that for us please yeah
drop what you look at that now this is hilarious i can't stress enough now fun
and entertaining this is the uh uh uh oh i i thank you for that uh i thoroughly enjoyed
and i'm certain our audience did as well uh now or do we have a break uh if it's a weak break
or a strong break another weak break they're okay uh when we come back uh we'll be joined by
tv legend supe sales who will engage us in a fight
does he really use the head weak breakers strong break does and bokeh brine still makes
he's watched footage of him doing the show he bugs at the microphone like if you'll say
something funny then he'll make a funny face as if he were on tv but he's not
i see yeah nobody else does 1246 and 560 now has the event when i just do laugh here with those
uh as far as we know they are look for the q amp amp right now the shell station on
sherdon street just west of i 95 right by where we used to work for buddy blood paxon not too far
from where jack marcus to park his car before he died right he died didn't he i think he did
he got seen there he's not by to pick up a pat i'm pretty sure i sure hope so i mean i
sure hope i'm not well i don't yeah i hope so stop by to pick a past with hendaville i'd be
party tomorrow at the news scores and for a lot of the appearance by rd lang that's uh right now
it's a shell station right there and uh we don't have anymore uh George karlin stuff so this is
you have to sell for this this patchy this sent me from dp is just uh amazing to me well what is
with these people i i don't want to see a collision with this movie which not only have i not seen
but i never will see maybe that'll pay the price it says the most beloved movie of the 90s
char shank finds redemption again on dvd i'd rather watch fair night night eleven four thousand times
and networked on a godfather fifty million times than watch char shank were redemption once i don't
know why and of course our ex-friend jason there remember jason used to take pictures of his uh
his uh things flowing in the bowl yes sure yes uh he gave me that on video many many moons
ago and see that's one thing if you're gonna give me a book or uh dvd or video you're never
gonna get a fan though if you want something fact no i didn't ask for it i know plus it's what
is it a book and a half or something two bucks for a uh video so who cares plus it wasn't the original
video i mean it was just you know a copy right with this unwieldy name and some high profile competition
from likes of pulp fiction and for his gump hello the char shank redemption kind of got lost in the
shuffle in nineteen ninety four but like it's a wonderful life oh yeah every time i think of the
char shank redemption i think of uh Jimmy Stewart but like it's a wonderful life the film found
new life after its original theatrical run although the prison drama underachieved at the box
or office it found its own redemption home video fueled by critical acclaim and positive word of
mouth that must be it i think it's some kind of a comic pinko plot right maybe the moonies have
something to do with it right to direct your frank dare a bond certainly knows the that char shank
owns oh it's the home video without that it would be a forgotten movie indeed it's something that's
very beloved by people instead so beloved in fact that it currently writes number three behind
only the godfather i didn't know no godfather and the lord of the ring is the return of the thing
of the king with which it is sometimes changes places on the internet movie database websites
user pololy top 250 movies of all time number three is the char shank redemption what kind of a
communist bunch of crap is that what's wrong with that don't you read this on the song exactly
god for its tenth anniversary dare a bond has spearheaded a bonus feature latin special edition
DVD which came out Tuesday and limited theatrical re-release it occurred to me last year that we
were coming up on the ten year anniversary and i thought i'd been meaning to do a special edition
DVD for some years anyway what better time to do that he said from there kind of you know that's
like uh oh jay saying well you know the uh date of my acquittal the anniversary has come up
this week so how about i go out and kill her couple more people and then ten years from now we
can celebrate the tenth anniversary of my acquittal on that right sure whatever i mean jani
cockney he's still hanging around let's take a look at that pull right over here speaking of that
who should wq input on the morning 60th inning and when Howard Stern retire well he's not going
to retire but from commercial radio anyway and moves over to serious janeuary of 2006 50 months
away the longest countdown in radio history 432 votes rickinson's 171 they're crushing
the competition if they only would have had numbers like these and i and z they would still be on
ear i won't listen eighty seven five and tom 45 mohauer divided it and one from little
of ant a 29 George rymiga is George is a movement of listed god 20 done i was 20 you're tied
with the dead man yeah come like john has crossed into the other guy in mizuri what's the guy
that died in the plane crash oh well start no that was in minnesota sorry no in mizuri and anyway
and he ran against and then of course his wife uh mel carna ham was not it yes that's it so
anyhow George and don i miss and mohauer divided in guilty got 20 of peace three way tie
default he's ancient up the list he's got 15 which is pretty impressive considering the fact
everybody knows he's a joe roaster teen randy roads eight and suds kulman solo stands rick
the rickless suds rickinson's joe he's got four but that's just one on it a little while ago
he'll do it don't forget suds of the young with George tomorrow the first day of my vacation
as i have to attend my daughter's wedding well i mean yeah i'm the day of my daughter's wedding
you're gonna be on what says i don't kind of daughter and thank god for that jordan has two daughters
by one of which was he wanted how is all that working out with her over there in japan and your
japanese exchange student everything is uh just fine oh we're fine yeah yeah i'm not gonna go into
any long-winded answers unless you want me to ever no i don't want to do like i have adventures
another girl from doodling the whole of shigan 17 and the thing that i find really the most
telling of all is that if she sits watching the tv news here in the slant that of course american
the news networks put on it she keeps asking how come it is that america likes this uh good doofus
what does she call them he can't get over it why he's so popular yeah why he's so popular
his group all doofus is soundly in red and i like his he was very popular too okay we like alfred
denouman okay sweetheart so go eat some sushi and dummy up before they deport your silly ass
what's this that you're sending me now divo is that divo or divo from a four-letter deal said
did anyone mention this during the opening statements of the vice presidential debates cherry thank
the people of the great state of mizuri weren't the debates in all a hyal i didn't hear that either
weren't clear that over a couple or maybe you're talking about the people of mizuri who voted uh
for john ascrop's opponent the dead man mel carnahan is wiped off the other team
maybe that's what he was thinking because if we weren't for that we wouldn't have the attorney
general singing uh let the eagle soar right right do we what what is that under ascrop is under ascrop
oh i know it's in here not the next american idol attorney general john ascrop
and don't get soar just let the eagle soar there he is john ascrop man he sure goes up to the
first avenue what are jackass what a nazi and then of course i still think it over the scene i
have forgotten because there were so many great things in fair night nine eleven but i was rewatching
it the other day and there's that tall wolf towards again sticking i mean oh god fat sticking the
Coleman is mouth to wet because his hair is like all like he was seeing that over his ugly forehead
he looks like he just came out of a dumpster and he puts the Coleman is mouth and what's it
and then slicks back and he's laughing while he's doing this with the camera people standing there like
that oh god and then if that wasn't good enough because his hair is still like flopping around a
little bit and he can't keep it down in place he moistened his fingertips and like shwhose is it back oh
god and these are the people these are your leaders boys and girls this is a great i don't know if i
got time to read this i'm sure i don't very very long can we just a little bit of sun i website
why don't americans care by mark morford you know who how a burden is dick channey how about
carl roe alas most americans don't go back to answer the question of that a car who was lamenting
the fact that how can there be so many stupid people in bush have any points in the polls let's
be honest mark says percentage wise few people in america really give much of a crap about what's
going on in the hallowed halls of politics and power that's true that's why i would be good to
the elections over there we go back to talking about whatever we talk about anything but this
because most of the audience they want to hear about dikes and boobies and stuff like that
on there's a naked picture of tom brady it's on our website now
for those of you out there want to see tom brady well they close on i mean you're not going to see
of which maybe you think you're going to see unfortunately not going to see that so you don't
even have to go to the big curtain to see that it's on spin under for a while i bet you we
get a huge view and of course you'll be amazed that the kind of people are going to be watching
that too you know taking a puke at that yeah let me show i would be the football fans you know
that's a fact everything anyway so this is what we in the media maybe you and the media consuming
audience tend to forget too easily the country is simply jam packed with millions of people have no
time for interest in politics or media or environmental policy or education or global issues
or which presidential candidate light is ass off about which aspect of his military career
and which agent or which orange alert is totally bogus and how many soldiers are dying for what
in the select war it seems hard to believe but the general rule of thumb is that major cities
are slightly more attuned due to aggressive media saturation and how we should tend to make
themselves known more urgently more immediately whereas middle america is a scatter shot conglomeration
of the politically apathetic and the actively disenfranchised photo people far too busy with their
lives and kids and jobs and zoning out on fear factor and money and football you care about following
the elitist ever-died dramas playing out on nation's gilded stages most americans in other words
have no idea what the hell halibutin is or Carl rove or Rodani shriveled soul rumsfeld or a lot
he martin or a carlie group or have any idea that satam had nothing whatsoever to do with 911
or that wmds were never found or that president bush has taken more vacation time than any president
u.s history or that jesus things w sort of a dink or where iraq is on the map
can we say dink i just did fact is in the past decade tv news ratings cable that ever combined has
shrunk to a fraction of its former numbers newspaper subscriptions have been either fliter dropping
for just about as long news magazines radio historical nonfiction flat or dropping fast even
the internet that vast teaming customizable firestorm of news and information streaming and from all
over the planet even the awesome net draws far more people to its porn and gossip and shopping
departments than any e news do it could ever wet dream is this unfair does it sound elitist
advised it's not there have been studies and reports and alarming indicators of all kinds telling
us time and time again that for example fully 50% of eligible americans don't even bother to vote
a 15% drop since 64 and many have no idea who's on the supreme court what congress does and
many can't even point to france on a globe voter turnout comparatively in italy spade
euk jr. m.i anywhere from seventy five to ninety two percent every time the sad fact is that the
u.s. ranks 139th out of 172 countries and voter turnout wave that flag proudly baby
now it's time for out to win them up and vote get giggas laughing all women with paint and
lips around the pool i listen to the new Rogers one to two i mean i listen to the new
Rogers fair and balanced one to two hour
well
back in the day when someone was wrong we didn't take their
crap in her own harbor when the jams dropped their
bombs and now the saw is they get us high and on our cards our little flags wait
have that sunny loving recharged for the father the wrong way
abukar rent and other barrens to be in americans where they follow those like cheese
the united states of americans the bifurcans and the saddening three they got this country
and the late orteous of our states and i still be i don't want to be a
taxamerican in the u.s.a
what's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the mass
if you want that SUV to drive you're gonna need more gas it's the greatest country in the world
they train us to believe and anyone who says that obviously
and the four to be
and i'm embarrassed to be in americans where we take three out of take leave
wave of flag in one hand with our hand in the sand and lightly follow the powers that we have
the testing
watching states from news on a 65 and screen
scratcher
fine everything's okay
England
USA
wait that little flags baby you are patriotic man you're really doing it it's 102
five 60 w.m. how about those passes we're giving away the b.i.p they can pick a pass
pick a pack of pickle peppers they're gone are they really yeah well that's good okay so it's
a pair of that we think a lot of business here today of course i got to do that because it's my
last day before a very well-earned vacation for a few days a little Georgia beyond tomorrow with
suds the Georgian suds why don't you come on all week i wish i could because you don't do it huh
well see if he starts working for free you know how that goes yeah it's the least he can do for
us here if you feed him every day he'll come in no he won't no how about if you look
up to bucks yeah well between you and Josh you can take up a collection there
yeah what a lot what's wrong with you what's going on loose cash run around all over the place big
bucks that you're making now that norma things as good here i'm here i'm taking care of your
contract you deal there making sure that Greg has a better altitude about you anyway
Iraqi's interest in upcoming elections waning it's waning in Iraq how do you like that new pool
shows they're waning over there Iraqi voters are on their still the same rough location for the
floor the outside the panel's on hotels are like that gun fire blasts violence and bloodshed on the
highway Iraqi voters are losing interest in election schedule for January not because they're
worried about security instead for a sense of voters said they had no interest in or understanding
of the process according to a pool by the Iraq Center for Research and Strategic Studies
i wonder when that organization was developed the Iraq Center for Research and Strategic Studies
there's so many of these organizations you know it the pool conducted September 15 to 22th survey
3500 people nationwide in Iraq of those 66.8% said they very likely would vote in jane
where his elections for national assembly in june 88.8% said they very likely would vote just
over 8% said they might not have definitely wouldn't vote only 12.7% of those say that they
probably wouldn't vote citing security reasons a lack of information was said about 37.3%
almost 36% said they had no interest
they're busy watching the Iraqi fair factor in america you prepare a year before the election
since i do an al-dulamid exactly the director the organization that conducted the pool
and Iraq this is the first time and until now there's real no real preparation they got to get
them all pumped up in the field about it right we got to take that and allow a guy like
for pump them all up saying he didn't really shoot those guys in the police station
and if he did that shows how much we is he's gonna protect you he's a cowboy like a president
taking care of business you got it all of it he's not a drunk that we know of
and he says speaking of all sorts can you imagine what he smells like after a hot day of
Washington oh jeez i haven't even eaten lunch yet how do you think
god since i was looking at our old friend Phil Henry are you sure man does he like anyone i
must have been Brian Cox that made him that way does he like anyway maybe he's certainly now the
a Henry might turn out that he's been outed as a turn coat as a closet right winger that who knows
where he ever really was you know he just sold out it says as for your picture of Tom Brady yes
that's him being interviewed the naked dude is a kicker or the water boy what no i don't know
trust me when i tell you the kicker is annavena theory that is not
i'll guarantee i will bet right now mani bel Greg read the water nazi i bet all their lives on
it right now let me go back to the home page and i wouldn't this would be bad if we made a mistake
where did that come from a contributor of course okay let me take a very close look at that
let me get my magnifying glass out let me put my magnifying glass on Tommy's ass
you know what he's right that's Tom Brady with a microphone in his face right
okay then oh no i really don't know you can't tell in fact it looks like twins i don't know
i might not be Tom in the back but if we label it Tom Brady question mark
or sometimes we're in the back there that's not a good way to do it it's close it's over
well what do we care okay let's just pretend we should probably crop out that thing or so that
just pretended Tom Brady okay the hair looks like him believe me when i run my fingers through his
hair i take very careful load of it i really can't tell maybe it's a yes stump double i don't know
anyway why do you have to ruin my day says that it's him being interviewed the naked dude is
the kicker or the water boy well definitely not anything to do i can tell you that they don't look
like Adams uh don't laugh all to me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on either
rising and singular wireless line what difference does it make cool it is okay it's an naked guy
and they uh paid for its locker room that should be good enough for your people what do you want
wc and hello hello nil yes how are you great i think the ball from seven good chance of winning
yeah i got a shot yeah we got a shot right i'm
wqa and hello so nil yes sir hi how are you today okay just like i just pulled the last
scoop ball great um i had a couple of points uh i i know uh obviously i love your show but uh
obviously when uh you're done i'm sure listening to George but
fed dad's another dimension i swear to god i was thinking about it this morning i even
wrote a letter once to Greg Reed you got yeah yeah that uh why not pay the guy some money
i was your i mean we put you on a morning show what a sense of humor you that paid the guy wow
oh yeah so i just thought it makes some sense you know and uh and the brings out the best
and George and the best right right that's obviously wrong to be food said likes to
free food he's a veteran of this logic does not always prevail as you say you're
more like you said you put that out frank in his shame man your hired will see like a week from
Monday to start six to ten let's see go down okay just calm down just tuck up the free food and
calm down so uh here's uh line five qa and hello hi nil yes sir
maybe 60 minutes last night uh 60 minutes two no i didn't see it no uh since the
right since the america's took over you right there for like seven hours he's gasoline today
right here about that uh the other thing is um i would like to file my pre-compoint
but uh for hours uh with all the polarity and satellite radio
there you go there you go i know in anticipation file it right now
and in anticipation i'm not at what he's saying and i don't agree with it
but he's not on yet don't worry about it okay thanks
morein jow has got a good calm as always she's good she's horrible on tv she's just uh
you know like some people are good and they get their comms are great they're writing good
i don't mind them in the name you know what do you mean what do you mean
oh she's not bad fan on tv like now franken but she's just uh what she's great
she writes getting juniors go how strange the jorge w bush has a plum in samara his commanders
would take me stand against the relentless iraqi and surgeon trying once more to turn the corner
in a war with endless corners mr bush's reminiscent of the protagonist of a plum in samara by
john ohera julian anglis the son of a wasp aristocratic renowned ineffectual father
julian's pals were these spenders and drinkers and socially secure who would thumb their noses not
have to answer to anyone except their own families bristling with filial tension and nurturing
the chip on his privilege shorter the summer refuses to follow in the proper father's footsteps
and instead engage his in a john upright put it impulsive bellicosity falling into self-destructive
spiral that starts when he throws a drink and when all eyes face at the club oh her a preface
the novel his most brilliant with a quotation from summer set mom about the futility of using
a reverse playbook to avoid your fate the servant of a bag that mercer runs in a death at the
marketplace and gallops off as fast as he can to samara thinking death will not find him but as
it turns out their appointment is not for back then on that day but for samara that night
w.a. his rock donation in the world as he gallops fast practically trying to avoid his dad's
electoral fate he no longer has to chafe this father's imposing shadow if he wants to go to war
with sedal would I even discuss it with his dad he can if he wants to keep his dad from having a
speaking slot in the republican convention he can even though the president waving off any
attempts to put him on the couch refuses to acknowledge any edible sensitivities john
carry artfully drilled into the sore spot in the first debate senator carry a hope the voice of
bush 41 to get under 43's thick skin the more mr. carry played to the square proper moderate
in internationalist war hero the more the president was reduced to childish scowling and fidgeting
acting like a naughty little boy who refuses to sit in his seat and he just finished and do all
the hard things appear once you do you know the president's father did not go into a rack into
bag that beyond bazaar mr. carry said is w blinked and burned and the reason he didn't is he
said he wrote it in his book because there was no viable exit strategy and he said our troops would
be occupiers in a bitterly hostile land that's exactly where we find ourselves today there's a
sense of american occupation carry said mr. carry told the now and then guardsman about the
extraordinary difficult missions or troops in a rack i know what it's like to go out on one of those
missions where you don't know what's around the corner and i believe our troops need other allies
helping playing the daddy card was part of the carry makeover by the clinton east is boba i for the
brahman guy no great line boba i for the brahman guy in their 92 debate built it and used the same
psychological trick to rattle bush 41 objectivity republican pinko in the window about a trip you
taking as young man to masco mr. clinton reminded the first president that his father senator
press god bush of Connecticut had stood up to johm McCarthy your father was right to stand up to
johm McCarthy were wrong to attack my patriotism the bush is very agitated when confronted with
the spectres of fathers who made them feel that they never measured up and even the mr. carry is
more of a stiff loner than poppy bush they share enough that paint that patrician dutiful son
starved the class in the playing fields hero on the killing field stuff resume castle on foreign
relations model lateral mojo that he can easily get w's go it was a sign of how unnerved w was
that he had to rely on his own dark for voting in pathologically unapologzed to surrogate daddy
dick taney to clean up his debate mess and get the red team back in the game the vice president
shielded the kid by tweeting john Edwards is even more of a kid mr. carry may take on the voice of
daddy bush again in friday's domestic debate pointing out that w's father tried to fix the deficit
rather than mushrooming it's a four hundred and fifteen billion dollars the clinton east is
and fuse the carry campaign with the new model it's the couch stupid amen nice go on marine
your vote girl 113 is five sixty w two minutes obvious the audience is very impressed with all
the news because when you go to our website they look at the naked pictures and i'm sure
they'll be looking to make a picture and i'm sure that over the weekend it'll be one of the big
things in town with all the football fans which one is top-rated he would be the one in the background
being interviewed as that him make it is a jabry i'm going to study it for a length at hour or two
113 at five sixty w two m it's that time of year again when mattress chains for his insurance
when their phony sales events columnist they sales you know what ideal sounds to be true guess
what it usually is it's the classic bait and swish technique they could tempting offer to get
people they into the store and aggressively upsell them well you need to pick up that phone right
now call one eight hundred mattress forget about those ripoff artists because that's the number for
dollar mattress dial mattress is probably carry cd posture feedeth the number on brand and
mattresses anywhere is call one eight hundred mattress two day and you'll get factory direct
prices on all cd posture pedics when you call one eight hundred mattress you'll get same day
delivery all across top Florida by calling that number you choose from the deepest the widest the
best is selection of cd bedding all available for same day delivery and as always as they've
been always doing for you you still get to pick the date into our window for delivery to fit your
schedule all the smart folks even some of the night you lower than their fingernail size has been
making that phone call for their bedding because they even they realize that wasting time gas and
money at the bedding and department stores isn't the way to go just make that easy call one eight hundred
mattress and get yourself a great new cd posture feeding bed from dollar mattress you'll be sleeping
great tonight and for years to come to check them online if you like at macriss.com but please make
that call like I've been doing for years one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred MATT RES
your Rogers mornings and weeks and sports a round of clock to fight
here's a bulletin i just get that picture out of it and i'm first of all we're okay because it's
this time Brady and the captain and all the two is Tom Brady yeah somebody's in there the naked
guys Tom Brady the one in the back in an interview the one in the rear if i can say that can i
say that no the one in the uh that's adam vennitiri trust me when i tell you if there's a but i smell it
that's no other day we're gonna have a little union here guilty and i
means they have a little problem with the studying show feed did it i think that the
saddle i'd fell down as something yeah like you fight why don't have you know my
products are the lightfully fine thank you very much now if they don't mind let's return to
the same kiddie a sport how about a little touchy feeling now see here see where over here okay now see
here what's your hands i want to suck i yeah so stupid i am so stupid like they say i'm the official
place of the paces why i have you know i made my bones when you were in embryo how do you know really
there's something i never told you yeah i have your father daddy i'm a embryo
oh
oh
oh
one nineteen and five sixty wqm gildies and embryos see what we got on tonight we got uh
oh that's right here who hotline stuff in the beast tomorrow it says mad dog at two of course
you're gonna be on how come that's not on the schedule don't help me josh uh whatever that
clearance screwed up again anyway it says mad dog at two tomorrow the humber and oh i'm in the big
oh our night well nothing's perfect okay i'll give you good excuse to get out of the house and
go out and have a good time on a Friday night put him on the pole he's a big big okay why not the big
old uh the second category i don't listen it should say i won't listen to qam before ten
okay or i won't listen no matter what you put on well however you want but i just i won't listen
doesn't they cut it for it doesn't do it for me anyway the full question is what should wqm
put on in the morning six and ten a and one's certain bale's out in jennie where two thousand six
and get serious riccan suds on the ninety eight thirty five point four percent just really kick
him big smelly ass i won't listen a hundred and four by the time six day more how he david it and
wand from little or vandal that seems to be doing pretty well thirty five dot dot dot dot dot dot
eight three but joh rose twenty eight we just put them on there and i've told you little
The final log is moving up real fast.
29 now.
Towards 28, you and the little log got a battle.
Next to next, knows the knows.
Stand on a chair.
Yeah.
Randy Rhodes 26.
Mojave, David and Gelly Galstein 24.
Defo Jeff DeForest, the old engine killer 23.IMAS22.
Sets Kulman Solo 14.
And the big old just went on and he's got a well deserved.
5'6, 7'05, 60.
Tom 5'60 and the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless lines.
Line 9, we're quite today.
QAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Is it Neil?
Yes, it is.
Oh my God, I'm trying to listen on the internet.
It's a long time listen.
I was in Miami listening now from college.
It's so loud, yeah.
All right.
That's right here, the pole.
I'm out the crow.
There you go.
Crow is a magnificent choice.
How can we, as the crow flies?
Here we go.
All right.
Who we going for is November?
As we, she's a mom, fraught, brought problems.
What is that?
All right.
Who we going for November?
5'6, 7'05, 80, 5'60.
You talked me into a man.
I'm right in the crow.
There you go.
Thanks a lot, thank you for having me around.
I love you.
Okay.
80, 7'05, 60.
Stages for us up there in Philly.
That's an okay place, Philly.
There's like living and breathing people there.
Lots of Italians, lots of Schwarches, lots of Jews.
That's how many holios there.
I don't think it's hold off here, are they?
I wouldn't know.
I think it's a...
About 30, man.
Yeah.
And then, of course, you know who was there?
That was the man we were at, Maret.
Maret...
Man, many repeaters.
He just moved there to Philadelphia.
That's what I'm hearing.
Where's rationale undermined once again?
Did you put the crown of folding his eyes?
I did.
Good.
He's not going to get many votes.
But you know, the comedy vote there.
He sure smells good.
I'm sure sometime.
Not when he's into building, but somewhere sometime.
Maybe, at birth.
One by one, official reports by government investigator.
Statements by former men.
See, he's one of those very few people I've ever known
who smells too good. Not saying he smells bad, he just smells too good. Too much cash
mirrored cake for, okay? Unclean your act, down. One by one official reports by government
investigators, statements by former administration officials and internal CIA analises have
come by to one of my many of the central rationales of the administration's case for war with
Iraq and its handling of the post invasion occupation. The release of yesterday's definitive
account on Iraq's weapons and its conclusion that Iraq no longer had weapons of mass destruction
years before the U.S.-led invasion is only the latest in the series of damaging votes
of the White House's strategy of portraying the war in Iraq as being on the cusp of success.
The report also comes just a few weeks after Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry
gave new life to his campaign by emphasizing what he asserts as the gap between the president's
rhetoric and the realities in Iraq. In other words, he's a freaking liar. We don't want
to use the harshest word, as Kerry would say. He's a freaking liar. And of course, the
attorney and even bigger liar, and he also did a beta and then he kept going back and
gave it to him. Well, you know, it's just, I mean, wife and bother with him. And in
words, he didn't really nail him. You know, that's what pissed me off. He just kept saying,
well, you know, if you listen carefully to the vice president's word, he should have
said you're a freaking liar. You silly old coup. He should have gotten up and shaken
his fist at him and said he couldn't do something hard to attack. He's got a 95-year
done that. And it had been great. Oh, me, him. Yeah. Have that ticker thing that pacemaker
tap out right on the table there. I can just see that bitch from PBS. Retro. We're
grounded. Oh, my God. I got the vice president's heart. My hand. Oh, my God. Yeah. Well, sometimes
it was just hard to miss. Leave. This week, president Bush has formed an administrator
in Iraq called Bremer Broke with the Ministry of Justice. Officials have sent two few troops
direct and have allowed a culture of lawlessness to develop the CIA using information that they
had that act in the media and cast out last week. And whether it's Saddam Hussein aided
Abu Musab Zarqawi and Al-Qaeda, as the administration repeatedly alleged before the war and his
chainy kept trying to hawk into the bay on through the night. The CIA over the summer delivered
an analization that Iraq could be expected in the best case scenario to achieve a tenuous
stability over the next 18 months and in the worst case to dissolve into civil war. The
July assessment was similar to one produced before the war. Another in late 2003 that were
more pessimistic and tone than the administration's portrayal of the resistance to the US occupation.
They lie, they stonewall, they pretend that they don't get it, they never make mistakes,
they can't admit they ever made a mistake, which is why I think it was a good way to make
sure that first debate to say, you know, maybe I made a mistake. I'm the way I talked
about my support of the war and my vote, but this president got invaded Iraq, which is
worse. Which mistake is worse. Nice going, Kerry. He finally put stuff nicely, a little
bit, a little bit. Now tomorrow night, I want to see, I want some real actor, man. I
want to see it right tomorrow there on TV. And don't forget tomorrow night, we will be
changing the poll to 1030 immediately after the debate. So even though everybody else in
their brother does, you can also vote online on our poll and find out who you thought one
and who did well and if you really care and that said, when so on, and if the crow really
smells that good, it'll be tomorrow 1030 and that'll be right after whatever silly as poll
you take tomorrow during the show. Got your poll yet? Yeah, Kerry, working at it. Oh,
here you go. This is a great choice. God for real. Now how come it took so long to
that? I think he was a great lead into your show, which is not true. He didn't at least
in the ratings. He did nothing for us. Remember that? Right. I don't know why. What that
was all about. I think he had a different kind of crowd around that. 34, 34, 34,
34, 34. Oh, that. So what's the story with him now? Man, I have never seen a guy anywhere
in his business. That maybe he had Greg Vidal, who's waiting tables at the burger king over
there in the sunrise. Yeah. I have never seen a guy change jobs and lose jobs and get
candy just to boss around this guy. How many days does he hold the average job?
About 30 minutes. Now in this particular case, they changed the format up during the
day. They went to Spanish language music or some crap like that. See. We'll see what. See.
And we have no idea what he's doing now, right? He's pregnant. Is he really? Yeah.
Well, I'll be damned. I didn't know he had it in him. It does not. Oh, here you go.
What's next? Dead babies? Yeah. And if I were going to put Bud babies on him or he's going to be great.
I'm going to tell him that we'll see killed up into jingles dead babies. 27 after one at five,
60, never to cue. Nobody sent unless you're from Detroit. No, Bud babies. Whatever
any idea what dead babies is all about. I said, mobile, of course, mobile be out for the mad dog.
It took this afternoon. One of his rare appearances now. We thought that he's out on the street.
With all the hurricane missing September, Armstrong, Florida, homestead must clear out all remaining
old for us to make room for the 2005. You'll save like never before in all remaining old for us in stock
ready for immediate delivery. Choose from Ranger, Tundra F-150 pickups, Explorers and XBDations,
Crown Vix, Tourists, Focuses and Mustangs too. It's XB, Elevosis. Every old for one lot of Armstrong,
Florida, homestead has been drastically reduced and you're going to save literally thousands of
dollars. Plus Armstrong, Ford like they always do off a more valued of their customers. When you buy
a Ford for Armstrong, Ford you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. You
heard right tires and batteries for life. And the value you'll get at Armstrong, Ford doesn't stop
there either because right now they're offering you a free Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
If you've been wanting a new car, but you've been putting it off wait no longer, David Rich
and the great staff at Armstrong, Florida, homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't
forget these folks are locally owned and operated. They'll treat you just like family. No BS,
no assignment, dance, no bait and switch, just the best deals in town. Armstrong, Florida, homestead,
the RAT-0725, South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836, a little bit of a drive
from many, but well worth it drive. Believe you me, check out the web, ArmstrongCars.com,
drive that little bit and then save a ton. Hundreds, probably thousands on that new Ford only from
Armstrong, Ford of homestead. You're going to sing to me on Roger.
Excuse me, we have on 566-8-Q-A-M.
We criminalized plot in Florida.
I'm going to enjoy it in the morning. I want to enjoy the night. I want to enjoy it in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright. I want to enjoy the time of the day and the whole day time of the day.
I want to enjoy it before I want to enjoy it. And then I want to go.
Oh, my head ain't worth your name. I'm using my looking man.
And the mama, I see what's so mean. I'm used to leaving, you can't.
I'm just going to sing one day. I'm a parent, a safe company, and safe.
I want to enjoy it in the afternoon. I want to sing, sing, sing.
So now I hope to enjoy when I get up in the start. I hope to enjoy it.
I hope to enjoy it when I believe in you. And then everything tells the boys.
I hope to enjoy it. I hope to enjoy it in the time of the day.
I hope to enjoy it in the time of the day.
I hope to enjoy it.
I hope to enjoy it in the afternoon.
I hope to enjoy the time of the day and the whole day.
I hope to experience the time of the day, and the whole day time fall.
I hope to enjoy the time of the day, and the whole day run.
I hope to enjoy it, since what I do.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. floats solid, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
One thirty-five hours left this class one of my favorites in a long time from Robert Cherten's way says how about Brooke Daniels for the pool?
She was always good for her laugh
I think I was saying she belongs on Waxi
But that's another story it's a little inside thing there so to speak it was see you just get in deeper
John Price says when you run and fans will leave in oh boy
Why don't you think what if I put it on there?
Just get a few different names on here. We're gonna get some of their kicking ass. They're like far ahead
What which is why won't happen of course?
Two of them will you be back from vacation because I enjoy says but George doesn't hold my attention
Sorry, we don't have to be sorry there people don't like George or many people don't like me that they people are like either one of us
And whatever you don't care. We just want the money
But I'll be back a week from Monday. What's the date on that? It's uh
Late-teenth, right? Yes. Yes October 18. I'll be back right in Bushy tail and
Stern will be going on real long those days. I hope
Also, it says you played a bit about Michael Jackson and the bloat funny, but that's time in Matholia
Had heard it before but hadn't picked up on that line about the bloat
Having just had joy. Oh man. I had a oh
A chicken sandwich and would buy a racetrack deal and I could just about kill me got the bloat
I got the bloat in fact that's all I could think about when I came home and oh I thought I wasn't I wasn't such a
Agonist I was gonna die
You want to know why cuz why you're gonna die because it's deep fry
Just like those french fries you like to you. Yeah, it's a deep fried batter and greasy. Oh, it was pretty good though
Anyway, it said damning head just had jaw surgery day before I knew I was playing with dynamite
But it truly sent me diving to the doubt of turn you off you couldn't hear about the bloat till he heals up
Says keep it up and do other vacation. It's good to know how it's turned safe and should be working harder to get naked pictures
And stop getting in the silly contracts normed contingent thing or two in normacenna said picture
We've been in huh of what Tom Brady no
Are you sure positive? Okay good
Cuz I can't imagine who doing anything constructive for a new role for the show at any rate oil prices said a new record
A 53 bucks a barrel today on concerns over tight winner heating fuel supplies and news of an unexpected strike at
Nigerian oil terminals. It is really tight baby and the supply too
U.S. like crude feet a few two center record of 53 dollars of barrel marking a surge of 20 bucks a barrel more than 60 percent
So far this year. Thank you, El Presidentay for those low gas prices, baby
Lunch London's bread crude also is record record figure 49 20 before easing back to real bargain
48 61 up 62 cents on the day wow
Thank you you and your Saudi friends those great robbers and I'll guarantee a wilder screaming about the hurricanes and about the shortage and all the sudden
Guaranteed that each quarter the gas companies the world companies will come out reporting record profits like they do all the time
See what I'm saying I hear what you're saying. Yeah, the price doesn't have to be at that level, but they're just doubt you knew just on the reaping the world
If we if we would have attacked Saudi Arabia, I'll tell you right now. I've been really happiest
Huh if we would have gotten that free gas free gas all the gas you want unless you want to bring it one of the chicken sandwiches
You are listening to Neil Roger
Go Roger. Ah, this is old Jay since I've been released from jail. I like to keep track of my bitches
So I'll recommend to you
new old Jason's bitch jack for women
Believe me brothers. You won't get jack with bitch jack
Just a pass a small homie device the old bitches lead and you can track her all around
And just in case she's eating she'll get up beaten
You see when your woman be messing around new bitch jack for women
That's out an inaudible beefing sound it only you can hear and once they catch us she's all yours
Gives me Mr. Simpson we tracked down your old lady with a white man. What shall we do with her?
Why thank you officer. I'll handle this you bitch. Don't you know I'm tracking you with bitch jack?
I'm gonna cut your throat you bitch
So remember your whole whole get very far with old Jason's new bitch jack for women
Just because oh Jay's free
Don't mean no bitches got to be free too
143 now I'm curious because I want to make sure that we play only those approved Joyce approved bits
But did we we checked out the Eisen car alarm once upon a time did we decide that we can play that while spending the remainder of your
Yes in the land of death the one thing you have to depend on is your car with chukinu theft on the rise
The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben car alarm now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen
We want to get a bunch of finish make white what's it cooler?
Headaways from my order of bail you big and the
I object seriously
So fatty like that
Headaways from my order of bail you big and the
Way
You
Get away from my order of bail you
Take
Emma out get your old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm now and receive a free flower antenna
Get away get away from my order of bail
You
And hold Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm. How available it all there's stories
145 a QA and I'm curious that flower and antenna thing is that strictly a Florida thing the Elsa cockers and Florida new letters at
Everywhere the only old to conquer is I know her here, so yeah, I don't see that anywhere else that I be going
I don't see the
Well, let me get a little bit confused you know and of course you know how I'm either talk
I was thinking about that yesterday. I guess because we put the old as one of the choices that you don't want to be
Called by anybody
And I don't know what point but I guarantee I'm getting really close of course you've been called me the old man for what how many years now
But I'm certainly getting close to her. I mean sit when you get to 62
Which will be in November for me you get 62 you're like and some price you're gonna see me sit in discount. I don't want it
You can't get afford I can afford to pay the full price. I don't want to see me sit in discount
Well, it doesn't matter if you pay the full price you're still hold
Oh, I know that but I just I don't want them to reinforce it
In fact, I have gone into I'm trying to think of what drug chain they got a red salt
I've got it in the drugstore and like a bought prescription something or are you a senior citizen and looking at her like oh, man
I'd like to get her with your old bitch Jack get OJ in there
Yeah, are you a senior said yes, honey? I'm a thing you said and give me a 20% discount please and a free bottle of polo bent
Or whatever the hell it comes there. This comes in a box and a polo then too
Charges drop against 227 protesters arrested the D. R. N. C. R. N. C. A man had in criminal court drug yesterday
Drop charges against 227 protesters arrested during the Republican National Convention after prosecutors said they would have difficulty proving the case
Assistant a district attorney William Beach told judge Catherine Fried that the administrators might have been confused by instructions given by cops and we've asked Catherine fried
It's F. R. I. E. D. Maybe Catherine is fried
Beach said it would have been difficult to prove that the protesters were deliberately defined police directives are intentionally acting in a disordering manner
Just before police raised nets around them in order and ordered them cuffed
And it carefully worded statement beach defended the arrest known in the police had good reason to believe that the group intended to violate the
The intent of the violates the log is 31st by marching with the department
Where the hell was it in New Jersey somewhere we had a story a couple years ago
About the New D. O's if they think that you have the intent of breaking the law they're going to arrest your ass
Prefiling that's what I'm right. The mind police
We don't just think it you didn't do nothing. I believe what you're thinking her boy. Oh John and Columbia South Carolina again
Oh my god, and you sent him both to me John calm down get a life. I have no life. Oh, I'm so sorry
I'm sorry to hear you're taking the next we're off. I'll be in Hollywood beginning tomorrow. That's why I'm going to take them
We go plus I'm not there anyway. Oh
Yeah, I thought that you Georgian I could hang out together feed the pigeons play shuffle board. I just hang out
See this. That's right in with what I was just talking about wouldn't that have been really cool?
Oh, well, I guess I'll just have to wait until another day have a safe your thank you John you too
He'll be in Hollywood with the frogs. Do we have a big frog fest this year or not?
I don't know I would think so because another thing we can thank mr. Bush for not only those cheap
Or gas prices, but also that's strong American dollar
You know, I'm gonna look at that right now, so this is so depressing
If you know how that impacts me not that I can't afford it you understand
Oh, let's see Canadian oh
70 938 the Canadian by you're gonna have to go the Canadian dollar against the American was like 62 cents
What a bargain it was for me with my American paycheck and now it's like almost 80
Holy moly rat man. That is just unacceptable
Can you believe that in such a short period of time the euro is through the roof of British pound is just kicking American dollars ass
Everything is negative rate and we got about half of the American public's only four more years
It has to be paradise baby. We want more boot. Who's he gonna make it safe?
WQ and hello
Hey Neil yes sir. Hey, how you doing? All right. I got a great idea to go out stern. Yeah
Martin Jeff Finn and Richard. Yeah, okay, great
WQM. Hello. Yeah, we already tried that WQM. Hello
Hi, yes sir
And I'm in West Palm Beach and there's like a crazy
Spanish station
It's killing me really happened for the past week I said yeah, it sounds like a pirate station
I think or you know something maybe that's what that is maybe there's a pirate but how do they do pirate a and stays?
I guess they could I don't know I think they do I think it's more popular with like the
You know the Spanish
Spaces. Yeah, you'll feel a empire it right. You know maybe it's an old exilio is trying to drown us out. That's possible
I think you need to get the
These are maybe Theresa LaPours behind it
That's true. She's probably trying to block the show out because of the fact that we're not the bushlookers on this show
That's true speakers. Oh good luck. Thanks for the bad news pal. We'll just talk louder
All right, hey
The cruisin back part of them be all bad
You're listening to Neil Roger's music lady
Thank you
Yeah, my
Amy has the dolphins there the worst football
They flop the ball from goal. It's all white. No one's ever seen me
Around the ground that's where they'll stay there never in control and when you say my ammy
You're talking toilet oldest there. The Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams in a week 30 Joe Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Don't that on them you'll always
They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches on it
Tell them to put them in their truck
Then they would run much faster and even in the feet
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami
They're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams in a week 30 Joe Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
The team that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans
Just 50,000
Sitting in the stance they watched the game and all they do is moan and gripe and bitch
I wonder how joe robby got to be so
Emrich and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams in the week 30
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
The dolphins have eight feet worth that quarter facts that you want
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was served on size in there
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
How many teams in the week 30
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Jake calls his signals in he room
But dolphins have no defense in their offenses at joke
Like George Bush even pretzels
You know they're gonna choke
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race
Which fewer points than fireworks on my zingos ugly face in there
The Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
Oh what the hell 32
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins now they're free
I'm dying over here
Go go go go go go
Well said the most you're Howard David standing by
Mo Howard David for Jim Anderson to the full
I should go there
American for him. Haven't seen him in so long
Did he come in to say hi?
No I should go over there
Hey go over there and give him a rub on his ball spot for Krenna
Like in my best regards
I've had it
Tell him that I
So maybe in my other fact that he's getting
It's paid for working like one day a month
Something like that plus there's often deal as a separate deal
It gets paid by the dolphins for that
So he's got a better deal than any of us going right now
What's not to like huh?
What is not to like anyway he'll be on
Then we got to Humber like I started saying it's for
And then you got some stuff nobody cares about
Some hercumus stuff
Okay, here's the deal
Who should WQ and put on the morning so well I'm telling it
Morning thing is just uh
It's for exciting it's unpredictable
You just it's like a rotating thing
It's like it never comes down to worth it just like
Purchan rotate
Who should WQ and put on the morning
Sixty to name when stern bales out from infinity
And goes to a serious in January of 2006
Now it's yeah 15 months away but nevertheless
That clock is ticking
681 votes
And Ricken says 228 just bearing the competition
I will listen to matter what that you do
125
I don't know if we didn't add anything out of that
Is that okay?
No we forgot it's fine like that
That's all they don't think about
Bob and Tom 68 love Bob and Tom
Joe Rose 42 he's zooming up the list
I told you that they love uh
Older oh and you know what Joe Rose has a thick neck
Big head tick neck
Yeah, I mentioned that because I must forgot to tell you in that picture
How did I get sucked into that
That whole time braiding you know people
No because if you add in fenetzeria is a thick neck
Believe me I know my patriots the important ones
Adam fenetzeria is a much thicker one and the neck too
And then Tom braiding so you look at the interview and then
Do you some of you people who think you know something man
It's very embarrassing and I got like uh sucked into that
Anyway Joe Rose 42 little George has got 38
Moe Howard David and Juan from a little of Anna
37 they like that one
Uh rainy roads 33
Jeff Diffola de Flores 32
Moe Howard David and Gildi 27 never gonna happen
Trust me he don't want nothing to do with your Gildi
He wouldn't touch you with a 10 foot uh
Don I miss 23 says Kulman 15 he'll be on with George tomorrow
Scott for Ralph's got uh six
Well, that's pretty weak, isn't it
We'll just go all get out of here. He's been on there a while. Don't start uh, you know
He's not gonna bring any good crap
Scott for Ralph's got six running fish for with the crow
Warren from arties got three and the big oh has got one which means he vote
He's just one go both
