Atra oven
If they're both the best time of the day,
The last year's the year comes,
Who is the best?
Yes, boys, my father, my father!
Let us sing, let us sing,
Let us just stand, let us sing,
We'll swipe bass into the dance,
Don't sing with me,
Let us sing, let us sing, let us sing,
We ain't no better than,
We'll let us sing,
Let us sing,
We might be dead.
Then those try and the worst wins,
You're the blue,
And all the snow is finally with God of Peace.
The tune that kills the rice,
That's a loop,
The tune that kills the rice,
You're the point if I die,
You're the point if I die.
When those try and then fight together or not?
Don't you let us million,
Not for a good thing,
Not for a good thing there,
Fine as we could hips later,
Yeah, where people literally
You're the only personal
No, no, no.
If you're darker than a great light ground, you're going to get thrown out and probably hit
the ground.
This is what I'm picking.
Look at that 1030 at 560 WQAM.
What the hell?
Man, this is almost like a real show today.
Well, that's to make up for yesterday, right?
They want to over do that.
We don't want to give you too many of them real short shows because then you get spoiled.
You know, I'm pretty soon you guys are going to work about 40 minutes a day.
Sounds like a plan to mail.
Look for the QAAM van at 10TEC plus a Northwest corner of Crowway and 137th Avenue, Miami.
It doesn't say anything about what time and then interesting.
Nice line of there, Miguel.
Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to the FIU Home Opener this afternoon or pair tickets
to nice Marlins game at the Pro.
Little disappointed they did a gigantic crowd.
37,000 plus is that correct?
It is.
But what are you eating now?
I mean, Cuban from Howie.
You're eating a Cuban, huh?
Well, back in the day, I could have explored that a great way.
But we will very little.
I don't want to get Joyce out of that case.
Joyce would be very, very as iconic about that if I delved into that line.
Then anyway, we'll find out what time they're going to be there.
Yeah, they really need to win because now I'm looking as only 13 games left if my math
is correct and the four and a half back would get what's pretty good.
Now that's you can't say that.
Dave Van Boren will take you ass out of the booth next game, which is tonight's a matter
of fact.
Philly's in town.
They're very disappointing and overrated.
Fill it off your Philly's in town tonight.
7-0-5 pregame at 6-30.
I see on Friday we got the Crow on.
We got Mo followed by the Crow on Friday before the ballgame.
How do you like that?
That's pretty.
That's where you see the long, sharp ball problems.
Right, that's the guy.
He's my favorite.
That's a bad news to start today.
Oh, here's the good news.
You're very more is on our behind the beaten curtain today.
Nick it is a jaybird.
In fact, remember that song by Dickie Lee patches?
Nope.
I think he was thinking about that picture when he was saying, you remember that very
morbid song?
Your first experience?
Tattoo, of course.
Yes.
At any rate, bad news, Deli Rock again.
Well, this is from Afghanistan.
Two US soldiers were killed on the firefight with insurgents yesterday when the violent
Afghan vice president escaped a bomb attack on his convoy and the latest assassination
attempt on a political leader had key elections.
In Afghanistan.
Were they warlords by the way are back in power?
The poppies are growing like crazy and that's basically in the Taliban are reorganizing
a blue and one hell of a job and you have no idea where Osama is or Mula Bula or enemies
people or al-Azacawi or any of these.
What can you talk about the good things that we've done over there?
Well, if I can come up with something, I'd like to know what they are.
Well, they're a free country now in Iraq.
Yeah, free defend for themselves.
At any rate, here's the uphol result of yesterday.
Very interesting.
Where's Dr. A?
Is that a little under the weather?
Is he out ill?
Is it that time in a month?
What's the story?
No doctor.
So those of you who listen to Stir in this morning, I hope that Josh Darrow our program
director in a title.
I hope you did a spectacular job of censoring and dumping and dumping.
I know George is a good job in dumping this morning.
So I was told double duty.
2124 of votes, which of these applies to you?
I listen to Neil not to Stir in 1363, that 64.1% of the time of the audience.
Now, I just want to say this and I'm not going to go back to Friday.
I must have had like an off day, whatever.
We're all four starting doing as little as possible.
With all of the difference to our long suffering and the very supportive and wonderful audience,
which we appreciate, I can't even begin to tell you, but nevertheless, it's just one
of those things.
As you get advanced in years, even Josh now who is barely 10 years old, we just, as you
get along in years, you say, okay, we've done enough work already.
Now, that's kind of like ease off a little bit.
Yes, head weight during the kind of thing you're like a little bit.
Not have to overdo it.
Right, that's right.
Anyway, so 64% of the audience says no idea what time the show starts because they don't
listen to the preceases, but on the other hand, look at it.
What was that?
A far again, a little bit too animated, maybe?
Yeah, careful.
I didn't like that.
I think that thing is dying.
One of these days, that thing is going to be placed before it dies.
Yeah, well, that would be a good idea, but I haven't had any communication with anybody
from engineering.
I know the engineer here told me that it would be a real good idea for them to replace
this processor, whatever the hell it is, because they don't last that long and they run
very hot.
You can't really turn it off, because it's like, I would have to crawl around on the floor
and crawl behind the whole thing and he said, don't worry about that.
So they probably should be replacing that thing, but nevertheless, so one of these days,
it's going to go out and then I'll do the show on the phone or something or you'll just
do it.
Since you're in Canada, it'll go out.
In fact, I'm pretty sure, don't you hear that?
Yeah, I don't know, but I'm panicking.
I'm pretty sure I could make it go out if I wanted to see if you're allowed to start
pounding on the counter and then that would be a good way to get out of here real soon.
Don't go that way.
Anyway, 1363, listening to me a lot to Stern, I've always listened to both Stern and
Stern.
You'll 832, almost 30%.
But third, man.
I'd listen to Stern on another station, 88, 4.1%, that of course because of the difference
in technical quality, but mainly because of the difference in content, because the other
stations are dumping and dumping and dumping and bleeping and bleeping and bleeping.
We have a couple of bleeping idiots in there who are just bleeping everything inside because
we don't want to get joy, stuff set.
And there's something, I don't, do I sound different now or there is in my imagination.
It's mostly your imagination, it's just fun.
I'm sure you get paranoid about that processor because I could always reach over and hit that
button.
The bike has played out.
How's it going?
How's it going?
Out of that stuff, pretty good.
And then I'm a Stern listener and a new listener in the 45, 2.1%, that is really special.
You know what?
Yes, it is.
That is pretty good.
Because keep in mind that a number of people who can vote on these polls every day, we had
over 2100, yes it is, pretty darn good response, considering what a short show we had too.
Right.
See that's the kind of thing the audience responds to.
They're not all I did in these polls about, well, like the one today.
Now the reason I'm doing the one today is because, well first of all, I love going out to
admire and losing my ass if these slots because you know about us old fags.
View support, a ballot initiative that would allow slot machines in Dayton Broward per
Mutuals.
I see we got a very important story in the Herald today.
I know my good friend, Dick Feinberg, will be pleased to see this and all the other per
Mutual people.
X Education Secretary, back slot machine initiative for school funding.
Warning that Florida's education system must find new money to avoid massive tax increases
or is slipping backward.
Former State Education Secretary Jim Horan became the chief cheerleader yesterday for that
damper initiative that would allow Miami-Dade and Broward counties to open slot machines
at per mutual site.
Oh!
Actually, if that happened, I might spend more time in town, you know what?
You think?
No, no, no.
I don't know.
Financial pressures from the class size amendment, oh, that's the one that the governor had,
that fat ass governor had, the easiest plans to circumvent.
Financial pressures from the class size amendment, ballooning fuel costs in recent hurricanes
have led some school districts with thread-bare budgets, Horan said, and many should be expecting
cuts unless the new revenues are generated.
Horan said he's backing the amendment because slot machine gambling is already permitted in
Florida, but because the so-called cruises to nowhere in Indian casinos and art license
to regulate the state don't collect a dime from them.
Horan is being paid now by supporters of the amendment, yes, for local control, but
would not disclose how much he was being paid.
I would guess probably-
Not true, man!
Box!
If Dave and Broward won a license competing gambling facilities, Horan said the state
could capture the lost revenue help improve state schools.
If a proof proposed constitutional amendment for would allow a Dave and Broward county
to hold an election to authorize slot machines at existing dog tracks, horse tracks, and
highlight frontons.
Eat some wonton at the fronton.
Revenue raised from the slot machine to be taxed and directed to a special education
account early estimate said there would raise at least $438 million a year for schools.
Almost half a billion.
Horan, a former state senator who served as governor of Jeb Bush's education, that's
fat ass governor of Jeb Bush, that liar and piece of crap, a education chief from July
2000, once he was August of this year, surprised friends and former colleagues with his endorsement
of amended for.
When he was chairman of the Senate Tax Committee, Horan helped shepherd the steep tax cuts
promoted by the governor and was hardcore against expanding gambling and fluidity.
He said now he believes gambling is no longer the critical issue, capturing revenue
is from this conservative's mouth to your eyes.
He said amendment 4 is about improving schools.
All right.
Anyway, here's the poll question and we'll never get no 2000 votes on this.
I'll guarantee you that because it's just not, you know, it's just the end up their
alley as much as the poll yesterday.
Right.
See what I'm saying?
Do you support the development initiative that would allow slot machines in the in-broad
permutuals?
Got it?
Do you support the development initiative that would allow slot machines in the in-broad
permutuals?
I got five choices for you.
Yes, we need the money for education.
Yes, it would be great for tourism.
No, we have enough gambling already.
No gambling is evil or I have no clue.
We always have to have the clueless ones out there.
They have no clue.
I have no life.
No life.
Or they don't care.
They always have to be a category for them on every poll.
We don't want them to feel left out.
They already feel left out enough as it is.
You know what I mean?
I'd like to hear human race.
Kind of like that.
People have a periphery of human existence.
Kind of like Robert Grimm-Greeper.
There's a classic example for it.
Somebody who really considers himself to be like on the inside, but he's really like,
you know, on the outside looking into the aquarium.
How is your angel fish doing, by the way?
I think, no, I think it would be great for you to go out.
Especially that you got the Japanese exchange student.
You got that kid there.
Go out and get a nice tank-frippable fish.
No, that's all right.
We live on the waters.
You can go look into the canada.
No, no, no, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about puppies and neon angel fish and kissing geramis and fish.
Urchins.
And then when they start swimming upside down,
it's something you take back to Japan and talk about.
Right.
There's American fish that like to swim upside down.
20 me 411 at 560 WQAM.
This is one of those times when you might need help fast after hurricane Francis
and Ivan and all these things.
Thankfully, dial amateurs deliver the same day all across South Florida.
Like I said, didn't I predict it?
It's not real.
I think, huh?
Yeah.
No, but I think that thing's going out.
I think I know.
I'm not doing anything.
I'm not shouting or screaming or anything like that.
But I think the thing is going out.
If I were clear answer duff or engineers,
I'd be thinking real quick about replacing that processor.
Anyway, thankfully, dial amateurs deliver the same day all across South Florida.
When you call 1-800-MACRES,
you'll choose from the deepest and whitest selection of betting all available for same day delivery.
Call 1-800-MACRES right now for factory direct prices and immediate delivery.
You still pick the date and time for delivery to fit your schedule.
And dial amateurs, the course continues to be on time 99.7% of the time.
dial amateurs racked numero uno and customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 better business bureau,
local forks of excellence award.
When you call 1-800-MACRES, you'll choose from the complete line of all the top names in the business.
They got them all, whatever you like.
No off-brands.
They got Ceeley, Serda King, Coil Simmons,
Tempura Pedec and even,
Stearns and Banana Sposter.
If you're smart, you'll do what we've all been doing at QA.
Make that one easy call.
Sit there on your ass.
The easiest piece of shopping you might ever do.
Save all that money from going around to those betting departments.
Through just call 1-800-MACRES or
log onto their website, macrars.com.
1-800-MACRES, that's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Master Chef, meal Rogers, morning simmite day.
And, some more time, time, time, time.
And, fine, see you in the next few years.
No.
He wants me to sing God Bless America and paste using a G-string up here out there.
This November, leak your voice heard in a soothing and non-interruptive way.
This November, soft rocked the bone.
Hello, I'm Phil Collins, to the place.
Join me and me, other adult contemporary friends and soft rocked the bone, will you?
In their right glory.
That's right, Phil. I'm Gloria Estefan.
Get on your feet, come on and make it happen.
Register for soft rocked the bone today.
If you stop paying attention to the issues,
about the same time you stop paying attention to music,
then you adjust the time we need to soft rock the bone.
Sir, one dairy is rugged from hooting the bone fish.
Remember me?
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
As long as you remember to soft rock the bone.
Don't you dream, Michael?
Hey, I'm Michael Bolton.
And if this one thing a man loves more than a woman,
it's his right to express political opinions.
It's outdated as it's tasted music.
So whether you're in the dentist's office,
an elevator to a supermarket, or a grandma's house,
get down, but not too loudly or rhythmically,
and register to soft rock the bone.
10.45, let's take a look at that schedule.
We're gonna hear that too.
We can all kinds of good type.
We got the Cubi's in our electronic program.
We got the mad dog at two.
It looks like one here, and it's written in like ink.
Oh, right.
I love those strange typewriters from...
I don't know if they make the story.
Oh.
Mojaro David had four o'clock this afternoon
because...
Go go go go.
Hey, Gilbert continues to be invisible.
He's on a payroll, at least another week and a half, or whatever.
We just can't get no information about that.
Because basically, deaf and clear,
it's both a liar like crazy.
And I wonder where they caught that from.
Marlins on deck.
See, it's a contagious kind of a thing.
You know, line when the fish is rotten at the top.
How's that single?
Marlins on deck at 630, 7.05.
The Philly's at the Marlins at PP Park,
etiquette for the baseball game.
That's today's schedule.
It's all printed on there like an ink, which is a pretty good sign.
Well, part of it's a good sign.
Part of it's a bad old man, I think, you know?
A bad old man.
I got all kinds of stuff here.
Now, we didn't take any calls at all.
Did we yesterday?
I don't think we took even a one.
I don't recall.
No, we didn't.
We didn't have any time.
We had an hour and 50 minute show,
because we had the ballgame,
Stuart went on till, uh...
What?
About 20 to 11?
Right.
And, well, something like that.
A very, very long time.
Thank you, Howard.
So, we didn't have a time to take any calls.
So, we'll interspersive you with those today, because we got like three hours and 15 minutes,
almost, like a real show, not quite.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 60.
Verizon's singing a wireless lines for any of those.
Chronic's, I mean, they're great callers out there who'd like to get in and have their voices heard.
Poor Dan Rather, poor CBS.
You know, I think CBS ought to be horsewhip,
not because they got the information wrong, because basically the information was right.
It's just the documents.
Me or me, not be accurate, as far as legit.
They just can't prove that they're at the right.
They just can't prove that they're legit, but they...
They don't confuse the public with the facts.
And isn't it...
You see the difference between the Democrats and Republicans?
Let's take a look at these Swiftboard veterans.
There is no question that this whole thing has been coordinated out of the White House.
These are all people on a Republican payroll, basically, who cannot put this Swiftboard veterans thing in vented this thing to attack Kerry,
because they can't talk about what's really going on in the last four years.
And it just, you know, was pointed out who these people really are,
and it's like the mainstream media like ignored it.
Wow, we don't care about that.
But now that CBS has got their ass in the frying pan again,
just like I did it with Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell,
booby-o-up thing,
oh, gee, well look at CBS.
We better fire roll, Dan Rather.
He's only 72 years old.
Let's send him out to pasture.
All of a sudden, a crap.
Forget about the fact that the story is legitimate.
And that the very secretary for the Lieutenant Colonel, now deceased,
said, oh, I guess what?
These all look like the original documents,
but that's what I typed, and that basically says exactly what I wrote,
because it's true.
It's just astonishing.
And then there's that self-hating fag-ed crotch on CNN this morning,
Democrat turn Bush supporter,
and again, I'm assuming that's the Israel thing all over again, you know.
Oh!
Especially in the high holidays.
He's feeling very David from WDQI and hello.
Hi, right house point.
What do you say?
He said lighthouse point, but then he heard that.
Well, lighthouse point.
Oh, see?
I think it was not that bad.
There it is.
Woo!
That's coming.
Just relax.
I know how to get it back, but this is not going to fly.
Where did this come from all of a sudden?
Not to know where.
We've never had problems with last days.
It's better.
It's going to get worse.
It's going to blow out.
When in doubt, when in doubt, it's going to blow out.
When have you ever heard of the piece of equipment getting better with it?
Yeah, but it went away, you see.
It went away for a few days, and I'm not doing anything different,
but it's, you're right, it's going to blow.
It's not a good sign.
I think maybe you better get prepared there, even though I've got this.
You know it's a podcast.
I got this.
Huh?
Let's go to lighthouse point.
Oh, that's right, I hung up on him.
Well, I couldn't hear what he said, but I think he blew it out.
That's what I think.
Even though I had his no effect on the compressor, because it was here.
Huh?
Just as well.
Oh.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, you do know the story of why Howard's not on the air, right?
Why Howard's not on the air?
I mean, you know, hey.
The Humper, yeah.
What's the story?
Well, he, um, he, um, criticized the owner of the Marlin personal life.
Yeah.
Such that, um, you know, I guess you guys, we're having that problem.
Let me ask you.
What is it?
Yeah.
So let me ask you why you had to.
I said, you can't hear it on the radio.
Hey, I'm all for him.
I think they'd think you could get the raw seal.
Calm down a little bit.
I've already talked about that many times, and I keep trying to find out if there's something more to it than that,
because if Jeffrey Laurie is going to decide who's going to be on the air on WDQM,
and that we got real, real bad problems on this radio station.
You're absolutely right.
You're so desperate to hold on to the Marlins.
You know, they'll lick his ass, and they'll, you know, what they'll do.
Well, I didn't get some really bad diseases from that as well.
I'm here.
Okay.
Thanks for having me with you, man.
We love the Humper on this show.
Okay.
We're all for the Humper.
You know what I'm saying?
If you like it, that was from...
Anyway, I can't say that.
No, sorry.
I'm sorry, Joyce.
I didn't really say that.
You just thought I said that.
What was I...
I couldn't hear you.
You might be doing that thing, but...
No, it was not doing it.
At any rate, you know, just like me and Wayne, for example,
now I was going to save this.
Now this isn't where it is.
Where the hell is that thing about the adult...
Oh, here it is.
The adult from website.
The fan forum.
See, this is what you have.
All you sports nerds out there,
even those who just follow with casual amusement,
who aren't really sports nerds,
the panther thing.
Remember back when we first came to QA,
and I got sucked into that whole thing with Brian Murray,
and about Chris Moore, and they had Chris Moore coming in
on when Murray would have the coach show every week
in the morning with the Meefo and the little dog and Geldie.
You remember Geldie?
Lawson, so gone.
At any rate, and they would screen the calls
because they don't want any criticism about the BN
and his butchering of the franchise.
Well, I got into a big thing about that.
And of course, then we have the Wayne business
with the dolphins,
and the fact that he's put together this embarrassing...
I mean, a girls franchise.
It was a coach who's obviously a born loser,
a track record of losing,
clueless, at best.
And then we got no quarterback,
who's even close to being qualified to start.
And now there's no running back.
Now that Ricky's gone out to the drugs in Australia,
no offensive line.
But other than the defense,
by the time the fourth quarter comes as good as they are,
they're out against.
Kind of like Steeley Dan,
it's the Steeley Dan defense.
Remember the Steele curtain in Pittsburgh, Josh?
I do.
We got the Steeley Dan defense in Miami.
By the fourth quarter, they're so...
They're just ready to pass out.
They just can't stop a girl.
Anyway, so that's the deal.
So they're getting obviously a lot of heat from it,
because of the action that said heat.
A lot of a crap.
So the Miami Dolphin website removed the fan forum.
This is what somebody emailed to us.
It says you can imagine what people were saying.
Here's the official dolphin reason for removing the fan forum.
They send this out.
After much effort and discussion,
the Miami Dolphins have decided to remove the message boards
featuring the feature from Miami Dolphins.com.
We can no longer effectively manage these fan forums
and present a product that is fan-friendly
and promotes a family environment,
both important qualities of our organization
and the goals of our website.
The message boards have been a website feature since the 2000 season,
but we've encountered a wide range of problems.
These include trolls, i.e. anyone who thinks the dolphin is suck.
Sexual innuendos, i.e. that...
Sucker will never complete a pass.
In decent language, i.e. once that you mother...
Personal attacks on posters, i.e. are you comparing the dolphins
to a patriots' u?
In appropriate topics, i.e. 93 reasons that dolphins will go 3 and 13
and others. They list the complaints too long to mention.
We've done our batonite. Is it you?
This is legit.
No, I mean, no.
Oh, says we've done our best to delete posts that violate our code of conduct
and warn or ban the user,
post them upon their discovery.
Unfortunately, the volume of problems is such that we feel like
we can better use our time creating and providing quality content
that will keep fans like yourselves returning to minedolphins.com.
We appreciate your support of the minedolphins.
I guess what you ought to do, maybe Josh can look it up now.
Go to minedolphins.com.
Let's see if they have a phone number.
And see if there's the fan form of this message is on there,
because this is just an email somebody sent in the last thing we need
at this stage of the game, and i do mean game.
The last thing we need is to get snookered in by somebody who just
manufactured this, right?
It might be another one of those CBS memos.
Oh.
See what I'm saying?
Did Dan rather check this out?
It's fully bedded in.
Yeah.
Oh, you found it in my vet.
The problem with America, now whoever you're sent this into
with says the problem with America is stupidity.
Well, all I can say about that is you are absolutely correct.
As I'm not saying we should be a capital punishment for stupidity,
but why don't we just take the safety labels off everything
and let the problem solve itself?
In other words, if people want to send in a bunch of hostility
and why shouldn't they be able to vent?
Right? If people are pissed off and fired up,
I think they have a legitimate reason to be pissed off and fired up.
I mean, even with a casual sports fan like myself who's not obsessed
not even with a hockey lockout, it's not going to affect my life
in the least but, yeah, who cares?
You have to stage it again.
Overpaid dumb jocks.
Now that's legit though, because I pulled up the dolphin fan forum
and it says that exactly right here.
It says exactly what I just read.
So thanks to whoever faxed this to us or emailed it or dropped it in the box
or just slid it out of the door.
Thank you very much because it just goes to show you again the thin skin
of the sports organizations.
The pantheist is very, very historically thin skin.
And I don't understand the Marlon thing now because some of us have been ripping the John Henry
and Wayne before it was John Henry.
And I remember when David Samson and Delilah and Jeffrey Gloria first came to town.
Right. Remember that?
Yeah.
And even when they won the World Series they were making fun of them.
We did it!
Yeah, stuff like that.
Where is the one where he says, we got it?
We have a shot?
No, where he says we won.
We won the World Series.
Where is that?
Oh, I know what it is.
Isn't that under David Samson?
I mean, it's not really worth it.
But the good part is we got to almost the whole show today.
What is that under?
I don't know.
I can't find that.
We do have...
We did it!
Well, anyway, we've had a lot of fun at the expense and rightfully so.
But the fact is that, you know, they've gone to Great Langs to build a reasonable organization
and be a legitimate contender every year now.
And they've got a real ball club.
And they put a good product out there and people responded to it and they give away a lot of bobblehead dolls.
And what's not to like, you know?
Okay, I'm going to see...
The email is correct.
I think the person who sent it added the examples.
So I'm going to print their response from their website and email that to you.
Oh, I saw another...
No, don't email.
It's just fast enough.
I don't know.
I'm going to post you with the emails especially during the middle of the show.
I bet that.
Please crack or please do not be doing that.
Anyway, it's pretty sad.
Because the idea that people can express what they really feel and say what they want to say.
It's becoming like ancient history anymore in America, even at the level of sports.
And I think that the long-suffering fans who keep paying big bucks to go out there and subsidizing it often do have pretty good attendance in that massive stadium.
I think that those people have a right to bitch and belly ache and they're expressive to them.
But oh, we don't want to hear these things and we certainly don't want to post them on there because they're very uncomplimentary.
Even though, of course, they happen to be true.
And we suck.
And where are those three wins coming from?
Maybe one against the bills on thinking.
But where else are those other two wins going to come from?
Think about it.
1056 at 560 W3.
We seem to be holding technically here OK.
That thing is going out though.
I want you to have a conversation with Clarence and Corso, somebody who might do it.
Do you have a break?
I'm going to tell him.
Who might skip up to the engineer here or ship up directly to me so the engineer can stall at whatever we need.
He didn't touch with the engineer or find out what we need so that we don't have this thing to go out one day and then,
oh gee, Neil was not all day today.
You might have to take a brief on that because they technically suck.
Right now, Armstrong Ford a homestead wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining 0.4s.
Here are just some of the great deals weight in on you.
In 0.4 F-150 pick up, you pay just a buck over invoice.
New 0.4 Explorer is just a dollar over invoice.
Rangers, convicts, toruses, and focuses all waiting for you just a buck over invoice only.
At Armstrong Ford a homestead.
Plus Armstrong Ford offers more valued with slow customers.
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That is absolutely correct.
Tires and batteries for life.
The value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because right now they're giving you a free floor to some pass when they vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for time, Armstrong Ford knows you time is valuable so give them a call.
305-247-512 and you can shop right over the phone.
You can deliver that new vehicle to your massage parlor, your pup tech, your house, your office, wherever you hangin' out.
Armstrong Ford a homestead locally owned and operated.
They'll treat you just like family and I guarantee you.
I'll bet your clearance is life on it.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere.
No bait and switch, no phony deals.
That's Armstrong Ford a homestead.
There were 307-25 South Fixie Highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
Take them on the web if you like at ArmstrongCars.com.
But better yet, get your ass on down there.
Travelable and save a lot.
Ziggins on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
Let's do a new rush, let's do a new rush.
It's conclusively.
What's your problem with that?
You need to pay.
Man, there's a f***ing amount of money.
A rock.
Bye bye, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me
I go see my idol, I go see my idol boy my idol boy, so it do you show on the radio, ok? joy-wrestling, lol
ok! sshave one, go, go
jojo, im so good
hojo, please don't eat
Hey')
hojen democratic
Here's a world exclusive from the New Roger Show.
I have a very good authority for my close friend, the Rimman, who knows his hockey craft
man.
He knows his craft.
He says that the real reason he has the knockout and no season is here probably is because
of the new voice of the Florida Panthers.
The embarrassment level was a little more than they were prepared to take.
See what I'm saying?
Well, what would you know?
Anyway, here's the real thing.
The facts are obviously with the best of intentions, included some examples and embellished the
memo.
So we don't want to make sure I read it from the golf fan forum exactly as it's written
on here so that we, unless we have any problems, either way, right?
When you go to the main page, this is right there, front and center, and then when you click
on the forum link as if to go there, you see something, you only see this same message.
Oh my God.
Wow.
And anyway, this is a golf fan forum.
After much effort and discussion, the Miami Dolphins have decided to remove the message
boards feature from Miami Dolphins.com.
We can all look effectively, manage fan, these fan forms, and present a product for this
fan friendly and promotes a family environment.
Both important qualities of our organization and goals of our website.
The message boards have been a website feature since the 2000 season, but we've encountered
a wide range of problems.
They include tools, sexual innuendos, indecent language, personal attacks on posters, inappropriate
topics and others.
We've done our best to delete posts that violate our code of conduct and warn or ban the user
or post them upon their discovery.
Unfortunately, the volume of problems is such that we feel like we can better use our time
by creating and providing quality content and will keep fans like yourselves returning
to Miami Dolphins.com.
We appreciate your support at Miami Dolphins.
You know something after reading this, I concur with them.
You want to know why?
Well, because we went through it.
Because we went through it with our chat room, oh boy, I'm going to tell you something.
If you want to read a bunch of swill 99%, which had nothing to do with me, George, this
show, the radio station, it was just a place for a bunch of computer nerds to scream in
each other and just act like a real, absolute squat type of equals.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
It was just a conduit.
It was a Gary Condoit for a bunch of misfits who were trying to say, I have no idea.
But we already knew that.
So that's the deal with that.
Okay, it sounds like this is going to be okay.
We may have some occasional blips during the show, but yeah, I wonder two of those raspberries.
That was not a raspberry.
It was a technical glitch.
Yes, it was electronic.
It's a bitch when you have a technical glitch.
I'll tell you okay, here's the deal.
Do you support the power of the mission that would allow slumber scenes in a perma-triple
day in Broward?
165 votes.
Yes, we need the money for education.
67.
Yes, it would be great for tourism.
56.
That's pretty good.
That's like 74% plus right there.
Yes.
I have no clue, 18.
No, we have enough gambling already, 15 or no gambling is evil.
Nine.
Gambling is evil.
Like drinking is evil.
So let's close down all the bars.
What are you saying?
Let's close it all down.
It's evil.
It's bad for you.
Right?
Let's close down the fast food joints.
Let's close down a restaurant so don't serve the very finest to the quality ingredients
that have any additives or chemicals whatsoever.
Let's take all of those things off the shelves in your grocery so we have a lot of them
for bottled water.
Right?
Right.
It's pretty sad.
At any rate.
But that's the way it is.
And that's pretty small percentage.
5.4% say gambling is evil.
The evil doers, you're at the casinos gambling up a storm.
Yeah, like Bill Bennett, for example.
Michael Moore writes, and I got so many de-story today.
I just don't know whether I'm doing the right thing.
Because the calls are so good.
WQA and Hull.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
How are you doing?
You picked me up cold.
Surprise me.
That's the way we do it.
Let me tell you something.
I'm in my car so I can't fold.
But I want to vote every sounding yes on your poll.
Okay.
There's a lot of things.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You know, the evil think they have hypocrisy of this whole Hank Goldberg dilemma has had
me for a trip for a long time.
And me too.
You know, and Mo Howard is the one that sits there in his place.
And he's a good authority.
That's disgusting.
I mean, I cannot believe it.
Hank Goldberg has forgotten Moore in his career and Mo Howard will ever know.
Okay.
Well, he's got Howard.
And you know what's even.
What's even more of a joke?
It's that they're advertising Hanz Show still on the radio station.
Yeah, that really makes you wonder, you know.
You know, I'm always there and kneel the mad dog in the hammer.
What was that all about?
That only that.
Maybe he's hearing is going to be on.
There was a spot during the UN football game on Saturday where it was just a spot for Hank's show.
He's stupid.
Right.
You know what?
You know, if Hank does not come back on the air soon, all right?
I'm going to go to Dolphin headquarters and jump off the Follest Building.
All right.
I'll be right there with you, man, watching.
Have a nice night.
Thanks, Scott.
Thank you, too.
I have no idea.
I was going to jump with him.
I'm not that crazy.
I said I'd be there to watch.
Now, do we find out when the Q&A van is going to be a Tintek Plus?
No.
Oh.
See, look, I mean, I don't want to be one of those complainers and winers.
Nobody likes a winer, including me.
I don't like that.
But you just reached the point where you get fed up and it ties in with what this last caller is talking about.
This radio station is so schlocked, so incompetent.
So we just don't care about anything except grabbing people's money.
That's all we care about.
Oh, and you guys go in there and get us the big ratings, of course, because we've got to sell that, you know?
Yeah.
Because they give us so much to work with.
Not including the equipment here that's on the Virgil, like going out any minute.
You would have thought that when we had that episode last week, the engineer came up here, the very fine local engineer, who really knows his crap, it was great.
Who have to build it, who basically built this place by himself.
You would have thought that when he said, well, and I know he communicated that to George Corso,
because he said he was going to.
But there's nothing.
Nothing has happened.
There's no new piece of equipment.
There's no date for them to come in here and do anything.
I mean, he came up here and looked at it and said, this thing is going out.
It's on a way out.
And it's a compressor.
Now, I can turn it off.
Now, let me do an experiment.
Okay, I hate to do this on the year, but we're so bushly anyway.
I'm going to turn the bypass on the compressor.
Oh, and I want to see.
I mean, you can't hear me, right?
Right.
I want to see if it affects the rock solid.
See, it only affects the microphone.
Correct.
Now, let me crack it up a little bit.
Is that something any better?
It does.
Is it acceptable?
Is it because that's wide open now?
We can, if you crank your microphone wide open, it is wide open.
Bring everything else down a little bit.
Right.
And then we can just open up your pot down here.
The master pot for you.
Okay, you can just work out.
No, okay.
Now, that was it.
Do some of the clear tests.
That was just a test.
Just to make sure.
So it works.
It works.
It works.
We could improvise that way.
Okay, just for the compressor off so that I can still be on a year.
And then we can hopefully get a face within a month or two.
I mean, I seriously am.
Is it even something just as simple as this promo?
It's just looking at the fan.
Is there a time?
Is it now?
Oh, yeah.
It's right now until the tickets are gone.
Now, you just come down a little bit.
A little bit.
No, I'm not sure if they've got you.
A little bit too hot up over this.
Don't be jumping in there defending them.
Okay, you got no extra line with Miguel or one way or the other.
They were like, you have to kind of lock the heat.
Are you okay?
Trust me when I tell you.
That I didn't.
I'd be very concerned about him.
I'd be looking over my shoulder.
Anyway, look, look for the QM now till when till the tickets are gone.
Is that a good bet or whatever?
Yeah, that's a good bet.
Just keep looking for it.
Okay, I know a lot of us are looking forward all the time.
Look for the QM van right now.
As I speak, a 10-tech plus on the northwest corner of Coralway in 137th Avenue in Miami,
where I know speak of the English IE.
Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to the FIU home opener this Saturday night or a pair of tickets tonight's Marlins game against the Philadelphia Phillies.
It's at P.P. Park.
So, um, do it.
Okay, right now it's 10-tech plus.
Who's out there?
Is it Frank?
Is it Miguel?
Is it one of our flunkies?
Is it, let's go with Frank.
Let's go with Frank.
One of our flunkies.
I don't know who that is.
Does he like to have any clue what's going on?
Does he?
Yes.
Yeah, okay, perfect.
Then he fits in great.
Clueless, we like that.
Michael Moore, but I think I'm going to do the break like maybe a scooch early, a tad.
Okay.
No, I don't have to do that because I can, this isn't that long.
I don't know.
That's what I've heard.
I beg your pardon.
How you doing?
No, seriously, I don't want to, well, I'm going to do the break.
Okay.
Michael Moore writes, put away your hankies on Michael Moore.com.
I just, even though we got the Dan Rather stuff to talk about and all the young people registering to vote with sizing with Michael Moore writes and the carry on David Letterman and the CBS events to say.
Greg Palais has got a great column.
Of course, he's on the BBC because he can't say what he wants to say in America, the networks won't put him on.
And he mentions that over and over again.
The fact that that's why he's over with the BBC because America censures everything.
The lynching of Dan Rather is the name of that column.
I got a whole lot of stuff.
We got the three presidential debates.
The first of them coming on September 30th at 9 p.m.
and that great bastion of higher learning and yearning.
The University of Miami.
Or Donna Shalaley is a pissed up.
Oh, and guess what I saw in the newspaper here the other day?
An ad for the local sports station in the fan.
You know what it said?
What?
We have balls.
I bet your daughter is heard.
Wait, wait, wait.
I bet your daughter is getting the shears out right now.
Sure, it seems a new Roger.
And it's good to tell her on 560, 60 a.m.
Any Friday in here.
Oh.
Can I just use Stinking and Stinking?
Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking and Stinking
Stinking and the Stinking and the Stinking and the Stinking and the Stinking and the Stinking and the Stinking and Junk
Stinking and the Stinking and the Spaling and The Stinking and the Stinking and the Stinking and the Stinking and the St zum dale
Studiating, closet and down Evangelists leadership They office together gotta shoes of other candles
And I was really happy that he was here.
And so we'll, uh, don't necessarily leave me.
But a gigantic, oh yeah.
The room was a matter of very noxious cheese.
And as a result, Berkeley came in and was swooning.
And I wondered why I was such a short conversation
with that I found out.
Always a pleasure to have a brief conversation with Berkeley,
because she's close with us anyway.
And George wants to apologize.
Now, the fact that I just said you was not far on the year,
that's for tomorrow, okay?
All right. Just FYI, because I was so proud of myself
for coming up with that.
I thought you probably would be amused and interested in that.
Mm-hmm. It is.
We have a lot of that.
It is fine.
It's a fine point.
I think the audience will be clamoring to get on that pole
to hop on that pole tomorrow.
Now, see, I could have put a screw in on there,
but you'll notice the operative word there worst
as opposed to most often.
Okay?
You see, they're in the car.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You must have dropped out or something.
Oh.
Michael Morris says, put away your hankies.
He says, your friends, enough of the hand-wringing
and enough of the doom-saying.
Well, I have to come there and personally calm you down.
Stop with all the defeatism.
Okay, Bush is a goner if we just quit our whining
and belly-eaking, stop shaking like a bunch of nervous minis.
Geez, this is embarrassing.
The Republicans are laughing at us.
You ever see them cry?
Oh, it's all over where finished Bush can't win.
Why, why, why, why, why, why?
Hell no.
It's never over for them until the last ballot is shredded.
They're never finished.
They just keep moving forward like sharks
that never sleep, always pushing, pulling,
kicking, blocking, lying.
Kind of like Greg Reed.
They're relentless, and that's why we secretly admire them.
They just simply never give up.
Only 30% of the country.
Not 30, man.
Pause itself Republican.
You ever Republicans own it all.
The White House, both houses of Congress,
they're Supreme Court and majority of governorships.
How do you think they've been able to pull off that
considering their own minority?
It's because they eat you and me
and every other liberal for breakfast
and spend the rest of the day wreaking havoc on the planet.
Look at us.
What a bunch of crybabies.
Bush gets a bounce after his convention.
You'd have thought that Germans had run through Poland again.
The Bushes are coming.
The Bushes are coming.
Yes, they caught curiously on the swiftboat thing.
Yes, they found the frequency in Dan Rather and ran with it.
Suddenly it's like,
the end is near the sky is falling.
How do you like that?
Michael Moore stealing our...
Although I guess chicken noodle wants a piece of that action too.
You don't say that.
I'm sorry, it's falling.
No, it is not.
If I hear one more person tell me how laws you can't do they carry
as many can't win,
damn it, of course he's laws you can't do they.
He's a Democrat for heaven's sake.
The party is so pathetic, they even lose elections they win.
What were you expecting?
Bruce Springsteen heading up the ticket?
Bruce would make a hell of a president,
but guys don't like him.
Guys like him don't run neither do you or I.
People like carry run.
Yes, of course any of us would rather have a better smarter
kick ass campaign.
Of course we just smack each and every one of those
phony swiftboat evancers done,
but we are not running for president carriers.
So quit complaining and work with what we have.
Oprah just gave 300 women a Pontiac.
Did you see any of them frowning and moaning and screaming?
Oh God, not a friggin Pontiac?
Of course not, they were happy.
Yeah, the Pontiacs all had four wheels and engine in the gas pedal.
You want more than that while I can and can't help you.
I had a Pontiac once it lasted a good year and it was a very good year.
My friends at his time for reality check.
One, the poles are wrong.
They're all over the map like diarrhea.
On Friday one pole had burst 13 points ahead and other pole had the both tied.
There are three reasons why the poles are BS.
One, they're pulling likely voters.
Lately means those who have consistently voted in the past few elections.
So that cuts out young people who are voting for the first time.
And a ton of non-voters who are definitely going to vote this election.
Secondly, they're not pulling people who use their cell phone as the primary phone.
Again, that means they're not talking to young people.
Finally, most of the poles are weighted with too many Republicans as posted John Zagui reveal last week.
You're being snookered if you believe any of these poles.
Two, Kerry has brought the Clinton A team instead of shining Clinton as Gordid.
Kerry has decided not to make that mistake.
Three, traveling around the countries I've been doing or got to tell you.
There's a hell of a lot of unrest out there.
Much of it's not being captured by the mainstream press.
But it is simmering and it is real.
Israel.
Do not let those well-produced bush rallies of angry white people scary.
Turn off the TV.
Except John Stewart and Bill Moire is everything else is just a sugar-coated lie.
Four, conventional wisdom says that the elections decided on 9-11 the fear of terrorism bush wins.
But if it is decided on the job we're doing in Iraq then bush loses.
And folks that job you might have noticed has descended into the third level of hell we used to call Vietnam.
There's no way out.
It's a full blow and yesterday Craig Meyer and the bodybags will sadly only mount higher.
Regardless of what Kerry meant by his original war, vote he aimed for one who sent those kids to their debts.
And Mr. and Mrs. Middle America knows it.
Had bush bothered to show up when he was in the service he might have somewhat of a clue as to how to recognize in a moral war that cannot be won.
All he's delivered to Iraq was that plasticized turkey last Thanksgiving.
It's this fate you're of monumental proportions that's going to cook his goose come this November.
So do not despair. All is not over.
Far from it.
The bush people need you to believe that it's over.
They need you to slump back in your easy cheer and feel that sick pain in your gut as you contemplate another four years of George W. Bush.
They need you to wish we had a candidate who didn't win surfing was just as far as we were when we knew Bush was long about W.M.D.
And so I'm planning on 11.
It's like Carl Robas hypnotizing you.
Kerry voted for the war.
Kerry voted for the war.
Kerry voted for the war.
Yes, yes he did.
No sense in fighting it now what I need is sleep.
Wake up the majority are with us more than half of all Americans.
Our pro choice wants stronger environmental laws are appalled that assault weapons are back on the street.
And 54% now believe the war was wrong.
You don't even have to convince them of any of this.
You just have to get in the array of hope and arrive to the polls.
Can you do that?
Would you just do that?
Just for me please.
Buck up the country is almost back in our hands.
Not another negative word until November 3rd.
Then you can picture how you want about how you wish Kerry was still that long-haired kid who once had the courage to stand up for something.
Personally I think that kid is still inside him.
Instead of the wailing and gnashing of your teeth, why not hold out a hand to him and help the inner soldier protestor come out and defeat the forces of evil we now so desperately face.
Do we have any other choice?
Yours Michael Moore.
He is just the best.
And of course it's very successfully trashed him too.
And the New York Times.
I think I have that column in here also.
About the New York Times giving him a bunch of crap about this.
Look at that later.
Case of amor versus the times.
If we have times, I mean time.
See I have a lot of whole stack of crap here and other we have almost a real show today.
So you know, wait in a minute first if you call here in here, but I just got some heavy duty stuff.
And I'm thinking there may be a few people out there in radio land.
And I might actually care about these things with the election only six weeks from today.
That is a scary proposition right?
Six weeks from today.
Now that you're line nine has got something very important to say.
QA and hello.
He took winter.
See, to a day.
But then I tell you.
The best.
He's almost as good as the Abu Gharat.
And by the way, I'll present.
They just spoke if you win.
They're all like you're crying now.
I'm not sure what they're crying about.
Take our down.
I mean, can you imagine the rest of the world watching and thinking this is the best and the brightest.
This is America.
Oh no, they are.
Oh my god.
They all are.
I mean, what is wrong with some of you people out there?
This is what you want representing you.
This dunderhead, this goofball who can't even spell us.
I mean, get with it.
And anyway, speaking of what Michael Moore just said about young people.
Here's some good news.
Voter registration drives into young people are turning 18 to 24 year olds into an important variable.
Josh and the presidential election, especially in decisive battleground states such as Michigan,
where nearly 100,000 young people have registered in recent months and in Wisconsin where the numbers are even higher.
The organization's newest swing voters with pool showing their support for the major candidates has vacillated in recent months.
A Harvard University pool found that in a five month period, 19% of young potential voters changed their minds about whom they'd support.
It's a big population of fluid voters.
They're largely unknown.
The number of young people in Wisconsin is the number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin is the number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin is the number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin is the number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin is the number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin is the number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin is the number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin is the number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin is the number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
The number of young people in Wisconsin.
Here's the set for you.
You won't need a pass for professionals.
For your major interesters LGBT-stromers.
Five- stirred Wild- wyd.
Five-bed.
Five-bed- structure-load.
Five-bed-all.
Levit32.
Levit guar.
Levit Precutioner.
You Levitt.
You Levitt.
 you're entrar.
Levitt 32.
and 560 WQM.
And what's another little glitch in there again today?
Do you hear that?
Yes, I did.
It's a little teeny tiny.
I'll let take care of that later on.
299 votes on that pool today.
So far, it's pretty impressive if you ask me
because I didn't think this was all that 60 and said,
you walked tomorrow's pool is going to go through the roof.
Yeah.
You'll see tomorrow we're going to get a phenomenal response.
We might just blow the whole thing out.
If this compressor don't blow out first.
If you have any response on that is George Corso
from running in our water.
There are a lot of closed doors around the hallway
last time I got up.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I was going to go tell Josh, the program director.
Right.
And his doors closed.
Right.
Well, don't forget he had to come in early this morning
to censor I mean to a bleep out.
I mean to a monetary Howard Stern show.
So maybe he's nothing in there.
Put his finger on it all morning.
299 votes to support the ballot in initiative
that will allow slot machines and Dayton-broward per mutual.
So it's kind of a lot.
Two and three votes now.
Yes, we need the money for education.
141.46 and a half percent.
Well, I sure wish that this were indicative of the whole state
and what the thing is going to happen November.
But all that, and keep in mind, this is only for Dayton-broward.
Yet the whole state's going to benefit for education.
So why in the world would anybody,
except of course the Bible, the Tompers, the Ahus,
and the people who hate Jews and Cubans and darkies
and whatever else?
And the old people who love those state of course.
Young people, old people.
Yes, we need the money for education.
141.
Yes, it'd be great for tourism.
90 and other almost 30 percent right there.
But 30, man.
But that's 76 and a half percent.
I have no clue, 29.
They don't know what it's all about.
No, we have enough gambling already, 28.
And no gambling is evil, 15.
4.9 percent.
Gambling is evil.
It's nasty.
And of course, they're holding the sun,
they want it out.
Nick Yeros and no one.
And because that interferes with his cruise ships
and the ability's got to get all your suckers
on those stupid-ass ships out there.
So you can go there and just hand over his money
where he have no chance to win.
And you get seasick and your wife gets raped
and you get the puking your guts out,
stuff like that.
And the boat gets on fire and you get lost
down the middle of a hurricane.
Little minor things like that
that occasionally happen on those cruises to hell.
But nevertheless, and of course,
our good friends in the Bahamas.
Oh, you think they had source with the hurricane?
Yeah, man.
They got real source for this
because that would basically, I think,
put them out of business, right?
Don't you think?
I don't know.
What person in their right mind would go to the Bahamas
for that 10th world ambiance
in that 20th world service?
And when they could come to South Florida
and go to Casino, of course,
this is only slots now,
keeping minds not the focus, you know?
Right.
And I realize that only us old fangs
go to these slots.
Right.
I don't ladies.
And I know ladies right.
You are so out of touch with reality, man.
You just have no clue.
But that's okay.
You keep talking about it.
Just like all that business
about glory holes in highly at Westland.
Although, I don't know what people are
busy drilling them right now.
In fact, I hear that that's where Muff is today.
He's helping things up with our friends at Burdines.
And what does that deal about Burdines?
Isn't it going to be Burdines anymore either?
That is correct.
What is it going to be?
Well, then the Macy's merged as you know.
So now it's just going to be Macy's.
Oh my God.
Well, guess what?
I'm not there.
I'm never going to be shopping either one of them anyway.
Because I heard that Burdines and Macy's
always been overpriced.
So you put that and Burdines also overpriced?
Yes.
Come on.
Bring back Jordan Marsh one time.
Jackson Byron's now Jackson Byron's get out of here.
It was a slots.
You can be Jackson.
Old Byron's or theirs.
Yeah.
Oh, there you go.
That's classy.
That's classy.
Hmm.
I'll bring back that classy came art out there
by the saw dress.
Not five six seven oh five sixty.
I want to address first a couple of calls.
And you're going to make the audience think that we really want to get some calls
on here.
You know, they might have something to say.
We had a couple of good ones already, right?
Especially that last year.
Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty in the Verizon singular
wireless lines.
And so far, this thing only had like a couple of
a couple of parts there on the year.
I bet you're joy.
So happy about the equipment for it.
I can't control like you are some sorry.
All right.
I wish it could because it puts a real scare into all of us when that thing starts
like that.
And then I bang on his counter and magically comes back.
That's not a good idea.
Huh?
I'll put that right.
Especially when you're talking about screw and WDQ and hello.
Golden Triangle on 441.
Now we're talking some real heavy duty class.
What about Jefferson's?
Oh, Jeff or I.
It was all right.
It was.
It was a good head its moments.
In fact, Jefferson's was wards right.
It was Jefferson Ward.
You're right.
That was back in the day when I was collecting credit cards when I was a KT.
I don't know what it is, but I was making about 50 bucks a month or something.
I mean almost nothing back then.
I think it was two twenty five a week.
Kind of like what Josh is making now.
And I somehow got my very first credit card.
It was an American Express green card.
George.
Yeah.
Got his green card and I got mine.
Only mine was American.
That was my first visa.
And all of a sudden I started applying for credit cards and lo and behold I was getting my Jefferson's credit card and my
Jay Byron's not the mention of credit card.
My Jordan Marsh, my Burdine, my JC Penny, my American Express gold card.
My and then I did a show on time.
I think I put it this way.
My guest was a.
He's a guy who claimed to be in the well.
He didn't claim he wasn't a Guinness book record.
He's having more credit cards in the world.
He brought.
He brought him in.
You know how you have like stamps in an album or coin in an album.
He had his credit cards in an album and there were hundreds and thousands and Zidians.
I mean, and when I opened up my wallet and I showed him I forget which one it was.
I think it was either Burdines or one of those.
No, it was the Jordan Marsh and he went spastic.
I don't have that.
Where do I get my application?
I don't have that one.
Yeah.
He even had a mortgage credit card which is good and this was back in 1976.
10 grand on your credit card as a down payment on a mortgage.
How do you like that?
Wow.
That's more money than you make in two years for a crime out loud.
He had it on a credit card.
Now of course, I mean, time it doesn't.
You got like drawers full of credit cards.
They send you credit cards whether you want them or not.
If you're dead or alive, make some difference to them.
You only charge you like 98% interest.
WDQM.
Hello.
WQM.
Hola.
Hello.
WDQM.
Hello.
George.
It's a dollar dotter.
Somebody wake up out, Frank.
And would you please use going on here in 21 minutes?
WDQM.
Hello.
See, I told you these calls would be good, then.
WDQM.
Hello.
WDQM.
Hello.
I'm here.
Hey, let's go out.
Remember, remember best stores?
Best stores now.
Best.
Now remember those.
Okay, let me ask you a question.
When I watch at a Martin's game, behind the batter, they're already asking for a yes or an amendment
something.
Does that have to do with the stadium itself?
I have got a limit, number, whatever it is.
I haven't got any idea.
Now you haven't even seen that, you know?
No.
Never heard of it.
And then the last thing is, I listen to Stern.
I just, for you, don't worry about whatever time Stern goes off, I'm always here for you.
I'm glad to hear.
I'm here.
I'm here.
Somebody will know about that deal, right?
I suppose.
Maybe George Daniel.
What's in it?
You know what that's all about?
What did he say?
He said it's 20th of Lunar QAM time per day.
Your sneak a meal, Roger.
So, the question is, what's the question?
It's a QAM.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
What's the idea?
About Pember and Sky?
What is the cycle path then?
The cycle path is the cycle path.
The cycle path is the cycle path.
The cycle path is the cycle path.
The cycle path is the cycle path.
The cycle path is the cycle path.
The cycle path is the cycle path.
The cycle path is the cycle path.
The cycle path is the cycle path.
The cycle path is the cycle path.
The cycle path is the cycle path.
Let's go and take.
Oh yeah, I'm Mary Eugh.
But first there's a little thing I need you to do.
Oh yeah, we'll be in game.
Soon as I get over my homicide old dream.
There's a video about Amber and Sky.
Two of them kids will never die tonight.
I'm dying off of here.
11.45 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
So Sean was a chronic factor but hasn't been around for a while.
I'll make say a resurgence here.
I'll come back.
Says after the news from Iraq.
And I almost forgot to mention about the guy who had his head chopped off like a dog crane.
He says, I'm on the verge of beheading myself.
If only we had an amendment outlaw and game mirrored to solve all our problems.
Because the CVS documents are in question.
This is an absolute proof that GW Bush served honorably and soberly in the Vietnam era.
Just like port glove fitting was absolute proof that OJ was innocent.
My planning for better days gone by prompted me to recommend the following pool categories from Sean, chronic factor.
He's got some good the polls here.
I'll save that.
I don't want to, you know, there's four of them there.
Mm-hmm.
Do you think it's pretty good?
Indeed.
Not too bad.
Carrie does day.
Oh, we can't say that.
Joyce would be really ported off.
Oh, can't say that either.
Democrat John Kerry drove Monday on the late to a day with a lot of men about changes under President Bush's tax plan, including the advice present Vick Cheney can claim the present as a dependent.
Besides winning his top 10 list, Carrie also pulled fun to be tedious debate negotiations between the rival campaigns that ended in agreement Monday.
Carrie said he wanted running my channel with sustained in the vice presidential debate.
But Cheney wanted to sit.
We compromised and now George Bush is going to sit on Vick Cheney's lap, he said.
Carrie's interview with Letterman wasn't all jokes.
The Massachusetts senator has spent much of his appearance discussing serious topics ranging from global warming to the beheading of American hostage in Iraq.
He talked about what it, where he thinks the president's gone wrong in Iraq and what changes he would make his commander in chief.
Carrie appeared on the CBS show on the same day that America apologized for broadcasting a story questioning Bush's National Guard Service.
He joke about CBS's credibility when Letterman asked if pull members can be believed depending on which network it is we can.
Carrie said they chuckle.
Like that.
Here's Carrie's top 10 Bush tax proposals.
Number 10.
No estate tax for families with at least two U.S. presidents.
Number 9.
W-2 form is now W-2 form.
Number 8.
Under the simplified tax code, your refund check goes directly to Halliburton.
Number 7.
Reduced earned income tax credit is so unfair it just makes me want to tear out my lustrous fondly groomed hair.
Number 6.
The 30 general John Ascroff gets right off the entire U.S. Constitution.
Number 5.
Texas Rangers can take a business loss for trading Sammy Sosa.
Number 4.
It limits all income taxes just as Theresa Hines' curvy to cover the whole damn thing.
Number 3.
Cheney can claim Bush's independent.
Number 4.
And one, George W. Bush gets a deduction for mortgaging our entire future.
That's pretty good for John Kerry.
What did he wrote that?
He's just sure as I want him.
Anyway, the guy was asking about some assign.
I must be behind a plate at P.B. Park.
Yes.
You know what it is?
No.
Well, it's actually must know what it is.
What's the sign say behind the thing?
Vote for proposition, what, and buy a sustaining or something?
Never heard of it.
Why do you two busy up there?
Who haven't they've had boys hand trying to motivate and animate him?
So you have time to be reading stuff like that or having somebody read it to you?
Maybe somebody you are, you know, it's 5.670560,
pound 560 and they've horizon and singular wireless lines.
Firstly since the calls are so good today, you know?
They really are smart.
WQA, hello.
Hey, Neil, I was just behind 7.11 and I got a fire in my mouth.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I'm sure that's not the only thing from the sound of it.
Oh, that was tough.
5.670560, pound 560 on the horizon and singular wireless lines.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, good, easy.
WQA, hello.
Greetings.
How are you?
Okay.
Hopefully I'll raise the hour of the discourse here.
The amendment they're talking about as a amendment number four,
and I don't know specifically what that covers.
Let's get on.
I'm talking about today about the slot machines at the Permutials.
Oh, it is.
So either they bought the space or Jeffy Gloria is showing even more signs
that we should be applauding them.
I find that hard to believe.
Why would they be doing that?
Well, maybe they're, I guess, maybe it's an ad.
Is it like an ad that they bought on the sign?
Yeah, it's that ad thing that's behind the ear.
You can't see it in the stadium, but yeah, but it shows on TV,
which means Neil that they've been showing the ad on tax.
Oh, my God.
Can you believe that buddy but is going to have a nervous breakdown?
Oh, that's right.
You know, all tax anymore.
I think he sold at the NBC or something.
I don't see that being a real family outlet anymore.
There's some catty check here tonight.
We're very large profit, by the way.
Like everything else.
Well, I remember our dismantled IoT.
And so, you know, there must be a God because God would protect an idiot
like him and his business feelings, okay?
Have it right, Dave Palley.
You can start.
Thanks for the info.
So there's the answer it's an ad.
It's one of those, in fact, they have the ads that change, you know,
behind on the signage thing.
Right.
And a play in a round of the offences.
And that's one vote for prop.
Which is on the poll today.
Isn't that propitious, huh?
That the guy called an act about that.
And I'm sure there are a lot of people who don't know about what that is.
And many people they go vote, especially during a presidential election.
They vote for president.
Maybe they vote for a couple of other things, but I like the Senate race.
And that's about it.
They don't vote for the propositions because the only proposition they're hoping to get is behind 7-11.
Or maybe behind the train station near an Amsterdam,
beside behind Central Station.
Do you support the Valumnissian if there were a lot of slot machines that they'd invited for our permutials?
382 votes.
That ain't too bad, you know?
380 and 2.
Yes, we need the money for education.
174, 45 and a half percent.
Yes, it would be a great for tourism.
118 and 30.8 percent.
That's 76.3 percent.
I have no clue with 36.
No, we have enough gambling already.
37.
And no gambling is evil.
18.
18 out of favor 97 people.
4.5 percent say gambling is evil.
It's bad.
And all those people are going to become the compulsive gambler.
I'm so sick and tired of that crap, you know what?
Anybody that wants to lose their money, they can go out and buy a Zidians a lot of retickets every week.
And they go to the track, they can write.
And anywhere they want to lose their money, there is no gambling in the state of Florida, dumb man.
I don't know any other state in America, correct me if I'm wrong?
Because I always make a lot of bad mistakes.
Correct me if I'm wrong, is there any other state that has as many different permutials as Florida?
You've got thoroughbred racing, harness racing, dog racing, highlight.
All of these things.
All of these things.
That's what I just said.
I'm ready to investigate all of them.
I mean, they got dog racing and Massachusetts and down in Arizona, but I don't think they got highlight.
Right?
No, I don't know.
I don't think so though.
No, I'm pretty sure of it.
I mean, highlight is pretty much vanishing anyway.
But so you've got more different opportunities for people to lose already.
And of course, don't forget about the Indians, which was in that story that I read before.
The Indians already have, so what do these things make?
What kind of slot machines they are?
And if you've got to play bingo on top of the machine, I mean, what differences am I?
Because it's a matter of semantics.
But then again, our fat ass governor, all of his right-wing bubble, something hypocrites,
who are a bunch of thieves, a band of thieves and flanderers, they don't want to have that bad stuff because it's evil.
5607-0563-0.560, and we've arrested in singular wireless lines.
WDQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
This is Arnold.
Don't be scared.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, that's a thumbnail.
Speaking.
Neil, Bob, how you doing?
I wanted to ask you a question about the beta curve.
Yes.
We were chatting yesterday and were wondering, how come you don't offer us the pictures?
How come you don't get your own blood?
That's why.
Okay.
That was George.
Okay.
We covered that over and over again.
Have you had the blanket?
Yeah, I've actually done an ass-cock with life to cover.
That's why he's peering down on it.
He wants to get that blanket and cover it up just like that nude statue.
I mean, seriously, I was saying to George before the show today and it's true, the things
that are going on, the mind-boggling, the way the mainstream media just sucks up and sucks
up in a gloss over no matter what they're looked at, nobody's even talking about who
without a Valerie Plame anymore about how that came obviously from inside the White House.
And about Joseph Wilson was getting paid back in the Yadi-adi-adi because he told the truth
about the fact that there was no uranium in the Yadi-adi-adi.
It just won after another.
It doesn't have the Swift Gold veteran.
The whole deal cooked up by the Bush people on the inside and Bush says, oh, I have nothing to do with that.
Now, he doesn't just survive a way of thinking.
He had nothing to do with that.
And then, of course, the whole deal now attacking Dan Rather because the memoirs may or may not have been the original.
Of course, what was in there, the content was accurate but don't confuse him with the facts.
So let's bring out crusty old Fag-ag crotch on there who now is the turncoat because who knows what it is.
Because it's the high holidays and he's a, maybe got a bad bowl of halivar or something.
First of all, if you don't eat halivar of a bowl, schmuck, but at any rate.
And where is it? Where is the freaking truth already, huh?
We'll see it on TV.
The damn good thing we got the internet are we wouldn't have any hope.
That's for damn sure.
Here are some good news in Illinois.
Okay, people will say Illinois.
Yes.
In noise.
Me rising democratic star, Barack Obama is poised to counts late com or the born again Bible thumping.
Alan keys for Illinois open US Senate seat by an unprecedented three to one ratio.
Obama, a state senator from Chicago currently enjoys a 45 point lead 68 to 25% over the obnoxious,
keys is a conservative right wing Bible thumping lunatic radio talk show host and one time presidential hopeful
who recently moved from Maryland to seek to see if they could have a representative theater fits Gerald.
I can't remember the last time he had a gap like this between two newcomers.
Usually when he had this kind of a gap, it's the popular incumbent against the sacrificial land.
This may be unprecedented said, they'll Ali.
Uh oh.
The head of research 2000 Maryland based firm that conducted the poll, they had been likely voters.
The margin may are three and a half percentage points.
And you notice how many schmata heads are popping up all over the place now.
You know what I said?
Yes, it did.
Now we got any tickets left out there at the Tin Tech Plus or not.
I'm sure that we must.
They will tell us when they write out.
That's why I said that.
Don't forget the QM van right now is waiting for you at Tin Tech Plus on the northwest corner of Crowellway and 137th Avenue.
Remind me.
Stop by the way, a pair of tickets.
Actually little for you don't even have to spin the wheel or do anything.
Just pick up a FIU home opener tickets for this Saturday night or pick up a pair of tickets to a nice Marlins game at the pro with the anxious Phil Pinaffi affiliate.
You are the team's only new Roger exclusively on FIU's team at the end.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Oh, right.
Anytime they see that we're lacking in so far.
You got it.
Now we're all putting in a safe.
You got it.
These moments are just a moment.
You got it.
Where is the spot?
Here is the spot.
You say man 11 is what they got you to believe.
It didn't end up a little home party country.
You believe what they said like the fall.
I say you believe.
I say you believe.
I say you believe.
I say you believe.
I say you believe.
I say you believe.
Boy Dave Heizmett, a pretty good column in the Sun Central Day of ripping the dolphins and asked the organization from top to bottom.
I'm not going to read it on the air because it's too sporty for us.
We can read it off the dolphin site.
It's on the fan forum.
That's bad.
He didn't use any of them words by the way to even say, although I'm sure he wanted to.
But you might want to read them.
I'll read it on the Sun Central.
Or you can just go online and read it for free instead of buying a crappy newspaper.
Wait till you hear this.
Not that we're panicking or anything like that.
And by the way, I think they gave us some misinformation even though he meant well.
Although maybe there are two different things that they're flashing on those ads because they have those changeable ads on the board I believe.
But before that, Midwest Airlines canceled a flight ready to take off for San Francisco today after a passenger found Arabic style handwriting in the company's in flight magazine and alerted the crew.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
The plane carrying 118 passengers and five crew members had already pulled away from the gate at Mitchell International Airport.
This was last night or Sunday night.
Well, they're sure slow and get them out of the story.
It returned to the gate to passengers got off.
Security authorities were notified.
All luggage was checked.
The aircraft was inspected.
Nothing was found.
The passengers were put up in nearby hotels.
Goed on a flight yesterday morning.
The writing was in Farsi.
The language used in Iran and airlines spokesman Carol Smonika said.
She said she didn't know exactly what the writing said but was similar to a prayer.
Something of a kind of play of nature.
Like kind of like.
Oh, God.
Yeah, I think that's what they wrote in Farsi.
CNN's a little bit slow on the uptake.
They just put that on just dreadlessly.
Put that on their website.
And it's like from Sunday night.
Schmuck's.
So here's the facts on at the sign that everybody so whipped up about all two people.
On the backstop at the Marlins game.
This is from KP of CG Coral Gables.
Ninety-eight County is asking for support of the General Obligation Bond Special Election on Tuesday, November 2 by voting to support the $680 million obligation bond.
$680 million.
The bargain.
Of which 50 million or 7.5% will be allocated to renovating the existing orange bull.
50 million.
That's right.
Renovation of the existing orange bull for the UM Hurricanes while at the same time and nearly the same location to build a new baseball state in for the Florida Marlins.
See, that's what I figured them out of me, which will cost everyone much more in the short term and much, much, much more in the long term.
Suggestions says KP building one state of the art facility.
Not statically reminiscent of the existing older orange bull that is to be used by both UM Hurricanes and the Florida Sun
to be Miami Marlins.
Well, that makes a little bit too much sense.
They'll be like having one arena for both hockey and basketball.
We don't want to do that because Wayne Heisenga and the McIris and Haydys are like poison.
You think the public hates either of both of them.
They hate each other like poison.
That's so as a result.
Oh no, we're not going to plan the same thing.
I mean, all of that other crap.
Not to mention, I don't play this often enough because we're always talking about people who lie and talk BS.
I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
Okay.
If Howard County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility, I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
How's that blockbuster park up in, by the way, Wayne?
That's who would have solved all these stadium problems for the Marlins.
How's blockbuster park up in the park?
Anybody see the door of our way?
How's that arena that you weren't going to play in?
And then of course, one of selling the franchise to a real stiff, their Alan Cohen.
They don't send the Panthers any money because they're going to be no hockey season.
In the National Post, I read this morning that the odds, the bookies are already taken odds.
Three to one against any chance of any NHL season.
In other words, people are hoping for a shortened season like the last lockout in 1945.
People that are hoping well, January, they'll finally make some concessions, cave, and we'll have a shortened season.
Goal, that's too good.
So if you want to go ahead and hand them over your money, find they'll pay a couple percent, something like that.
You got plenty of spare cash laying around.
So here we go. Here's the Obama show, supposedly, that the bloggers are all peeing in their pants and all over each other about.
CBS admits mistake over memos in Bush Military Report.
The CBS television network apologized, saying it aired in using dubious documents in a report that cast outs on President George W. Bush's Vietnam Air Military Service.
I want to say personally and directly, I'm sorry, an emotional anchor man Dan Rather said, oh no, Dan's getting emotional again now.
Next thing you know, he's going to be losing, who is he going to hear?
An emotional anchor man Dan Rather said, after highlighting the networks he regrets for using the documents which alleged the push had received preferential treatment against the Texas Air National Guard, which we all know is through anyway.
There's no doubt about it.
We can no longer vouch for their authenticity rather, said it was a mistake.
CBS news deeply regress it.
Almost as much as we regret Janet Jackson flipping her booby out to America because I'm going to get sidetracked so I'm going to go into that thing and we're discussing before the show with Troy Stratford.
In fact, that everybody in the audience can't believe that we can't play fart sounds.
We can't say that. We can't say, oh man.
And that's not a figure of speech they don't believe it.
They don't believe it. They think we're doing it or making it up.
All right, like we want to run it stuff from our show just for what would be the purpose of it?
Oh yeah, sure. We're persecuted.
Right, we're eliminating about 70% of the comedy business that we can't play anymore because it creates so much controversy.
Right.
What's the idea of like the thing with MO?
Oh, is that their stick that they're doing on the year?
Those two elders, two guys probably really like each other. They're nearly MO.
They're all somebody's.
Right.
CBS had issued a statement earlier in the day of apologizing for using the documents without fully checking their veracity.
The announcement is a major embarrassment for the network which for the past week had sought to stand by the report
despite growing pressure to admit it may have been misled as the document's provenance.
The memo is allegedly written by Lake Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Kelly in Bush's commanding office in the Texas National Guard in the 70s.
Suggested political pressure was exerted to sugarcoat the president president's future president service record.
The 60 minutes report also charged that Bush's family connection since it's secured as a summit of the National Guard Unit
opposing that effectively spurred him activity in Vietnam. And of course we all know, even though it's wanted to deny it in the back of their mind.
We all know somewhere in our mind if we have one, that it's true.
Soon after the report aired, questions were raised over the authenticity of the memo is with numerous experts arguing the typeface could have been produced only by a modern day word processor, not Vietnam War era typewriters.
Hayward insisted that 60 minutes had full confidence in the original report at the time of its broadcast. However, further forensic investigation as well as interviews with Killian's former secretary, Mary and Kar Knox and retired Newt National Guard Lieutenant Bill Berkett who provided the documents had challenged those earlier assumptions he said.
It doesn't say anything in here about the fact that Mary and Kar Knox said that even though she didn't think they were the original, that they were exactly what she attacked herself and that they were exactly a true.
Exactly reflection of what took place. And don't confuse the media with that. It's just a question of end again.
Just caving into these right wing bloggers and the mad fudges of the world, all these other self-hating fags. It's unbelievable.
You can't complain about the American media because generally speaking there isn't any. There are much elunatics. There are much of suck ups.
Berkett originally said he obtained the documents from another former guardsman. Now he says he got them from a different source, which was connection to the documents and identity.
CBS News has been able to unable to verify at this point CBS said. The network said it was commissioning an independent review of the process by which the report was prepared and broadcast to help determine what actions need to be taken.
The White House said it appreciated CBS's expression of regret but added there was still the issue of who the real source of the documents was.
Well there's the issue with the real source about the outing of Valerie Plain. So I'll tell you what. When they tell us who did that then we'll tell them who was the original source of these documents.
Since that was a high crime, the releasing of the outing of Valerie Plain. And I've only put her life in jeopardy with the lives of many other CIA operatives as well.
I just mentioned that in passing since the media figures that small potatoes we hear nothing about that normal shut up cutie right.
Greg Polass, one of our very favorite writers.
For works for the BBC and the only reason they were for the BBC is because the American Network smoke put his material on the air so he works over there with all them linies.
The lynching of Dan Radher.
He says it's that fear that keeps journalists from asking the toughest of the top questions the aging American journalist told the British television audience.
In June 2002 Dan Radher looked old, defeated making a concession he'd dare not speak on American TV about the deadly censorship and self-censorship which had seized US newsrooms.
After 9-11 news on the US tube was bound and gagged. Any reporter who stepped out of line he said would be professionally lynched as un-American.
That's un-American. It's an obscene comparison he said that there was a time in South Africa when people would put flaming tires around people's necks if they descended.
In some ways the fear that you'll be necklace here you'll have a flaming tire of lack of patriotism put around your neck.
No US reporter who values his neck or career will bore in on the tough questions rather said.
Dan said all these things to the British audience. However back in the USA he smothered his conscience and told his TV audience,
George Bush is the president he makes the decisions he wants me to line up just tell me where.
During the war in Vietnam Dan's predecessor at CBS watered Cronkite-ass and pretty hard questions about Nixon's handling of the war in Vietnam.
Today our sons and daughters are dying in bush wars but unlike Cronkite Dan could not and would not question George Bush top gunfighter pilot our maximum beloved leader in the war on terror.
On the British broadcast without his network mind or snooping you could see Dan seething and deeply unhappy with himself for playing the game.
What is going on he said I'm sorry to say is a belief that the public doesn't need to know limiting access, limiting information to cover the back sides of those who are in charge of the war.
It's extremely dangerous and cannot and should not be accepted and I'm sorry to say that up to when including this mode of this interview that overwhelmingly it's been accepted by the American people and the current administration revels in that they relish and take refuge in that.
Dan's words had a pointed personal ring for me he was speaking on newsnight BBC's Nightly Current Affairs program which broadcasts my own reports.
I don't report for BBC despite its stature by choice the truth is if I want to put on a hard investigative report about the USA and the Nightly News I have to broadcast it in exile from London for Americans my broadcast there stopped at an electronic Berlin wall.
Indeed Dan is in hot water for report on my own investigative team put in guardian papers and on BBC TV years ago way back in 1999 I wrote that former Texas Lieutenant Governor Ben Barnes had put in the fix for little George Bush to get out of name and into the gargard.
What is hot news this month is in the USA is a five old year old story the rest of the world and you still wouldn't see it in the USA they said that Dan rather with a 60 minutes producer finally got fed up and ready to step out of line and as Dan predicted he stuck out his neck and got chopped off.
His ran his report accurate is George W. Bush a war hero a privilege little little sugar and chief today I saw goofy two paid spread in the Washington Post about a typewriter used to write a memo with no significance to the draft of story what I haven't read about my own practice media is about two crucial documents supporting the B.B.E.C.C.V.S. story.
The first is Barnes sign in sworn effort to a Texas court from 1999 in which he testified to the air guard fix which Texas Governor George W. Bush given the opportunity to find a challenge and there's a second document from the files of US Justice Department again confirming the story of the fix to keep George's white bottom out of Vietnam.
That document shown last year in the B.B.C. television documentary Bush Family Fortunes correctly identified Barnes as the bag man even before his 99 confession.
At B.B.C.V. also obtained a statement from the man who made the call to the air guard general on behalf of Bush at Barnes request want to see the document I posted it here and it's this story is on our website the lynching of Dan rather you can click that on and show you the document.
This is not a story about Dan rather the white millionaire celebrity can defend himself without my help. This is really a story about fear the fear that stops other reporters in the US from following the evidence about this administration to where it leads.
American news guys and newsgales practicing their smiles adjusting their hair spray levels bleaching their teeth and performing all the other activities that are at the heart of US TV journalism will look to the treatment Dan rather and say not me babe no questions will be asked is that predicted less they risked necklacing and their careers as news actors burnt to death right squared for last year or for the day.
So if you want the truth start reading the B.B.C. a website in the Guardian and the independent all the other or just travel abroad and then you'll find out why the overwhelming majority of people around the rest of the world are.
Remember language George W. Bush in this whole deal here. They just don't get it they can't understand it and quite frankly either can I 12 13 and 5 60 W.Q.A. and this is one of those times when a lot of people out there need special help.
Thankfully, Donald Macris delivers the same day all across Florida when you call 1 800 Macris you still get the juice from the deepest and wider select of betting all available for same day almost immediate delivery call 1 800 Macris right now for factory direct prices on beat will delivery all the way around you still get to pick the date and to our window to fit your schedule when you're going to be home when it's convenient for you and Donald Macris is on time 99.7% of the time.
Donald Macris there ranked number one customer satisfaction these folks are winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award when you call that number you'll choose from the complete line of the top names in the universe they got them all the ones you know and love and like.
Certainly King Quill Simmons temper pete and Stearns and Foster Hewitt if you're smart if you got a brain instead of running around wasting a lot of time in cash you'll make that one easy call to 1 800 Macris or log on to their website macris.com the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do in your life.
1 800 Macris 1 800 M.A.T.T.R.E.S.
You want to sing a new Roger.
School of truth on 566.T.A.M.
It insticts from a claim documentary filmmaker George W. Bush comes up film about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion of convenience or snack.
Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones.
Aaron Heights 7-11 exposing the man who is becoming the most hated figure in the Arab world.
5-4 is Cubsic Kids Play with Swords and just yesterday sent a mic on the water came in and devoured everything.
From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between itself sling gins and condy bars
you'll find a fat man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all.
Here war's done when two weeks in the call Michael Moore is the real daddy.
Aaron Heights 7-11 excuse me Congressman.
Yeah.
We're recruiting to show them a politicians to work in conveying its doors.
When Michael Moore comes in with a hanger for 20 years sir please come back and I'll take a second.
Aaron Heights 7-11 now showing 24 hours a day 7 days a week.
Probably teen 5-6-7-2 am. Don't forget October 5. It's not that far away is the DVD release.
DVD DVD DVD.
4-4-9-11.
I'm expecting you to be going on a bunch of copies and just going house to house to house to house.
Oh by these are one copy then yeah we'll go and force people to watch it.
There you go. Just go ride and visit all of our fine friends out there.
The ones who are too lazy to get off the ride.
I suppose you are too cheap to go by maybe they can't afford them maybe they're out of work.
Richard Blow.
Oh can I say that?
You better call up Joyce and see if I can say that.
Right?
It's the case of Moore versus the Times.
Speaking of Michael Moore.
The New York Times has refused a grant permission for rabble-rousing filmmaker Michael Moore to reprint its Mia Kulpo-Batter rack and Moore's upcoming book.
The reason? The Times doesn't want to become part of a political battle.
It's a little late for that since Media Animal is Fertured Blow.
Michael Moore is a genius itself from ocean and so one has to be skeptical reading about more running in the roadblocks while trying to speak truth to power.
Before the release of her night and I loved her, for example,
a complaint that he was asked never to appear on television.
I doubt he still makes that complaint.
Still the latest such break is involving more than the New York Times shows that sometimes his complaining is warranted.
Michael Moore makes domains be media deeply uncomfortable and it's defensive response that media shows it's conservative and corporate soul.
The incident occurred because Moore is putting together a book of documents, newspaper clippings and cartoons called the official Turnhite 9-11 Reader.
So the filmmaker asked the Times for permission to reprint the Times and Iraq, the papers critique if it's reported in the months before the start of the Iraq War.
In that article, the Times admitted that it's reporting was well not very good, especially as it purchased White House claims that Saddam Hussein had left its amassed destruction.
Other news organizations such as Washington Post and Wall Street Journal had given more permission to reprint items, but Times managing editor Bill Keller turned more down.
Our note, the Times in Iraq, was not intended to become part of a political battle the Times spokeswoman said, to which one can only say heaven forbid that a newspaper's reporting should become part of a political battle.
The Times on-Budsman Dan Ockerenc had even more explicit an interview with editor in publisher magazine.
The paper has the right not to be used for purposes other than what it's intended to write for the readers' Ockerenc said, he added that he was insulted that Moore didn't estimate reprint anything he'd written.
I would want to be able to say no to him, Ockerenc said, I don't like to be used for people's political purposes.
Before examining that rather mean-spirited logic, it's worth admitting that news organizations can be personicity about letting four-profit organizations reprint their articles to use their footage.
The reasons are so much journalistic as commercial. The Times, for example, has its own vote publishing division, which probably wouldn't appreciate letting a rival include a Times article.
But more than that, the Times wants to control its reputation, its status as the paper of record, letting Michael Moore reprint a Times piece, especially one that the papers editors would just as soon forget, doesn't help the brand.
But the Times flags don't say that. They argue that they didn't want to get dragged into a political fight and that argument isn't enough to justify withholding material from work of history.
A newspaper which wouldn't hesitate to reprint newsmaking documents in its own for a profit page, you should know better.
Moore overbasically would decision on the politics of the solicitor as a slippery slope.
Will the Times not start examining the politics of college professors who want to use its material? Will it tell MIT's Noam Tromsky or Princeton's Peter Singer, both those of President Bush, that they can't include New York Times articles in their course packets?
Probably not. The truth is, it's just Michael Moore and his particular brand of edge-adject profits, the Times doesn't trust.
His dad, Akron, said he'd love the chance to diss more. That kind of thinking isn't the market of a great newspaper, but an elitist one.
Not in the New York Times, well deservedly.
You love this, this is great.
Britain's ambassador to Italy is called President Bush, the best recruiting sergeant for Al-Qaeda, Italian media reported yesterday.
The comment made it a close-door conference at the weekend was denounced by one leading Italian newspaper editor who wish an open letter stopping the veteran ambassador, Sir Iver Roberts, Sir Iver.
Roberts was quoted as telling an annual Anglo-Italian gathering in Tuscany if anyone is ready to celebrate the eventual re-election of Bush, it's Al-Qaeda.
Coriere Della said a newspaper said Roberts also told the meeting of British and Italian policy makers, Bush and Al-Qaeda's best recruiting sergeant, which he loved the way I said that, Coriere does a sad, very nice.
Evening the news. The evening courier.
The British embassy in Rome declined to comment about through Mark saying the Tuscany conference had been covered by the so-called Chatham House rules, which means that anything said by delegates should stay off the record.
Giuliano Ferrada, a spoken editor of the conservative Ilfolio Broadsheet, wrote an open letter saying he would book how to previously scheduled dinner with the ambassador yesterday.
The dinner unfortunately would be a complete waste of time in a grotesque hypocrisy, as said, for Robert, added that he would prefer to have separate with French ambassador of Italy, who loyal represents in Rome, through Jacques Girard.
Ferrada, a fervent supporter of the West leg war in Iraq, Roberts was British ambassador to Yugoslavia in the mid 1990s, helping negotiations between the international community and Yugoslav authorities.
He then served as British ambassador to Ireland before the tide in posting, and which he said that Al-Qaeda is praying, they're going to celebrate the push gets another four years.
How do you like that?
Even more don't want to answer questions about what's going on in Iraq, what's going on in the economy.
You go to the steppop and stop posing questions and start answering them, because that's what the public wants.
How about the same old partners, old blitzkrieg, goose stepping, how about he's got those hip boots on up to his name, perfect, you know what?
Yeah, don't wait, I look at him, don't you think Nazi boondam, don't you think the SS immediately when I was a little bit of a little bit of a red dot?
Yeah, he's wearing the SS underwear.
And probably got one of them belt buckles on too, God is me, the ones.
Bye.
There's a wimpy Jeff Greenfield man.
CNN, the certainly not news network man, I'll tell you when a history of mankind is written if we're anybody's around or righted.
CNN will go down as one of the most cowardly, one of the most wimpy, one of the most pathetic pieces of crap, you know.
And why everybody's complaining about CBS now all of a sudden Fox News puts on nothing but 24 hours of fascism, 24 or 7, 365 days a year and yesterday on leap year.
And that's okay, but CBS, you know, and Dan Rather hates the bushes like Poison and everybody knows that.
And CBS tries to bring it from a different viewpoint, in other words the truth.
Oh no, look at this, they did this, and they even got Janet Jackson flipping her booby on there.
Maybe that's why the FCC got so hysterical about all of that.
And then you said as a convenience excuse to like kind down on us so we can't do squat on these shows.
Anyway, thanks to them, but thanks to a joy, so that they're in April, so those know we're asked from your elbow.
Oh, look at my elbow looks like New Jersey carry 47 bush 47 registered voters carry 47 bush 43 the brand new Quinnipiac pool.
Carry out of being New Jersey out of be hit by like 10 12 points.
Although I think that's a little flat, that little factory that went on there.
I think that may have a little backlash for a little while.
5670560.560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Want to get at least 2, 3000 year great calls on between now and two in a mad dog will be a lot.
WQM Hello, not there. WQM Hello.
Neil, did Dan steal we yet?
WQM Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing this afternoon?
I'm doing good this afternoon. How you doing this afternoon?
I'm doing all right. I'm a long time fan of the liquid you forever.
I'm caught your show. March in the last couple of days because I've been working inside of moving a lot of get reception.
What's going on with Hank? Is anything new come up on that?
Absolutely not.
I've been living the only thing that I can tell you is I got the schedule for the rest of the week and his name does not appear on my schedule through Friday.
So I think I think his contract with the QMS expires October 1 and at that point something's going to have to defend.
Oh, all right. Well, I just started to get some information. I guess you have none.
I wish I did. Thank you, sir.
Okay, pal. I have a great thing. Pretty sad, isn't it?
Yeah, people call us about what's going on there.
And of course, we usually are the great source of information.
They've fountain of info about what's happening in the in the business on the station, cheap channel, all this stuff.
We know nothing.
And because the name of the game of QM is lying.
You are the sensitive, meaningful Roger.
And exclusively unbiased.
QM.
He'll ride you down.
The hammer.
Without the hammer already for Christ's sake.
So this radio station.
Now the future is in town.
We've been talking about accidents.
Ever since God's pulled out, I will work for taxes.
I was talking to the man from Billion F.
Don't know what from taxes.
Yeah!
You know it's like we would war hell.
Do I take that as a bummer?
And Billion re's gone.
Are you sure?
Say goodbye to Aaron.
Some of us say hi to Ron and Ron.
They're gone.
We're from taxes for my guy.
And that's a matter of fact.
He's gone from taxes.
But Billion ain't changing his taxes.
My chance is gone again Christian.
Or my guess is he can be.
He wants to change the stations.
Letters.
WGOT.
Now we'll work for taxes.
Yeah.
Taxi is the brand new car.
Taxi is gone.
Or some taxi is the brand new car.
Taxi makes the sign of the truck.
I'm tired of it.
What a fuss.
Comforty two.
How is Tommy Kramer doing?
I'm delighted to report that back in the day when everybody in the business was doing drugs,
snorting, and white powder and everything.
Tommy Kramer didn't get in bad, you know.
So he says, where did all these drifters and deadbeats come from?
That's the one thing about what?
Bordos.
When passing Buck Iodeman, that was just when we write the book, we'll all collaborate.
Yeah, we'll have to book together.
That was a revelation.
What an unbelievable group of, and it was like a rehab place.
It was like a EA.
The EA and the AA and how's it going?
And the run and run show, we called them the lazy eight.
There were eight people working on that show.
You sure as hell wouldn't know it by now.
But there were a lot of nasty hairy strippers running off the hallway.
With pillow creases on their faces and the whole thing.
And the hosts in the hallways.
But anyway, that was okay.
So you'd go and mark that you have something on a paper.
They were absolutely into the studios.
Don't go miss representing now.
Oh, like I said, now I'm on the hallway in the studio.
Well, at least they kept it inside the room.
I don't think so.
I think there was some activity in the hallway.
You used to find a lot of cubic here in the hall.
See some tracks?
Yes.
Campaigns agreed a three presidential debates.
Well, we gave it that first one at U of M, a school of lower learning, a school of a tragic place.
I hope that those guys can find the campus when they come to town.
I sure as hell can't.
I could find Mark White standing when I was doing those ball games.
And I'd look around like, where's the campus?
Are those dorms over there?
I mean, like, where do kids go to class?
Are there like classrooms, huh?
You know where slence and zy screen parlors is?
Right.
There it is. That's the campus.
Oh, and I heard it was right by that...
What's that piece of joy?
There's a bird in the door.
That's it. Right there.
It was at the campus of the lecture hall.
All right.
Anyway.
If you support the ballot initiative that would allow slot machines at Dayton-Barrard Paramutials,
that's our pull-quake day.
It'll be on its prop pour on the November 2 ballot.
And everybody out there vote, yes, several times on that.
Okay. Vote for Kerry and then vote yes on this one because it's going to bring a lot of money.
It'll be another reason for people to go to, for come to town.
Make it more like living and breathing, which God only knows we need.
Plus, really increase the equality of horse racing.
If it's there, that's the most important thing.
For the third-bredden harness racing, increase the, a person's, increase the quality of the races dramatically.
But most important for education.
Anyway, yes, 237, 44.5%.
Say yes, we need the money for education.
Another 33.5%, 100% say yes to be good for tourism.
So you add those two together in our fine audience.
You've got 78.1%.
How do you like that?
If the whole state were just like our audience, it would be like a place worth living.
But unfortunately, it's not.
I have no clue. 50. That's our crowd.
No, we have enough gambling already. 46.
And no gambling is evil.
It's evil. 20.
3.7%.
532.
Only the evil doers do that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 2.
Let's get at least 15, 20,000 calls in between now and two.
What do you say?
Okay. You notice that, how do we get into that thing about Jefferson's and the, um, Zers?
You were asking about the, uh, the mergers.
No more, uh, play about verdens.
And, uh, and the macy's.
And it just goes to show you.
It's really very sad.
And all of a sudden we get a furry of caller about best story.
This one now.
That's, that's the limit.
That is the limit of the ability of 95% of the people that call talk shows in South Florida.
And probably 90% around the rest of the country.
They ain't nothing right home about either.
But it's, it's pathetic.
It's, it's a big part of what makes Florida what it is and has been for a long for many, many years.
Don't forget that Q and band, baby.
It's a 10 tech plus.
We still haven't heard the last of that.
They must still have some tickets.
You think they must?
They're on the Northwest corner of Crowell way in 137th Avenue.
I mean, stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to the FIU home opener in this Saturday night.
Free or free pair tickets tonight's Marlins game at the pro.
Now, see the Marlins only split the double header yesterday with the Cubs.
They really need a sweep yesterday badly to really be in serious content.
It's a wild card.
They're still for and happy on the Giants.
And they got three other teams out of them as well or a total of three teams, right?
Or four?
They got Giants, Chicago, Houston, San Diego, San Diego, still ahead.
I think they are two.
So they got four other teams, not only with only like 12, 13 games to go.
So it's really tough.
We'll see if people actually show up tonight and they're certainly not having a great time giving those tickets away out there today.
Because I noticed on weekdays, I know we had their hurricane, all these other distractions.
But even in the last few days when it wasn't bad weather, when there was any other excuse,
there were some games when it had like, I think, 12,000, 1 game, 17,000 other.
What's that? What up with that?
That's typical.
Crap is what that is.
What were they giving away yesterday?
Anything?
Floppy hats?
No. Are you serious?
Yeah.
No, come on.
Oh yeah.
They actually gave...
Oh!
Oh!
Well, yesterday the only reason people were there could there were more Cubs fans than there were Marlins fans.
Do you know how depressed you have me now?
Do you know how delighted I am that I'm not there?
You can't even begin.
In your wildest dreams, you can't begin to imagine.
The eight days that I spent there and of course the hurricane Francis didn't help that added the ambiance,
the death knell of being like a shut-in.
But just it just...
It won't happen again soon.
WN Hello.
WN Hello.
Okay, we're smoking, baby.
WN Hello.
Okay, let's go for four.
Q&A Hello.
Anything else Robin?
Anything Q&A Hello.
Yes sir.
Q&A?
This is us.
Hey, Neil.
You need to spend money that they're going to use, that they get from gambling.
Yeah.
Are they going to actually add to what they're giving for education or are they going to do what they give to with the lotto?
No, absolutely not.
Add to this over and above.
That's a beautiful thing.
Go gamble.
Okay, let's go to the casino.
What do you say?
Let's climb your gut cell.
Let's go have a good time, which I realize is not very popular in South Florida.
Many of the old parts frown on anybody having a good time.
Many of the old parts of the slots that we're buying by the way,
old parts, young parts in between parts, every now and then you smell one.
Maybe that's just those curry people.
I'm not talking about our good friend, Kid Curry.
What is it about those people from India, man?
Wow.
I think it's in there.
It's a dietary thing, isn't it?
We've been through this many, many times.
I'm trying to be generous.
I'd be a little both.
I think it's a lack of soap.
WQA and hello.
Hey, what's up, you guys?
How are you doing, Pali?
Good, good, good.
I'm glad to hear yours still on the air.
So far, we're still here.
We can't say much of anything, but we're still here.
I know.
It's a pain in the butt to have to keep coming back to see one hour's over
because when you started, it's amazing.
Yeah, so we can still say, yes, how do you like that?
I'm going to say, yes, yes.
You could say as many times as you want, you're like on a 20-minute delay.
No, I don't know.
I think you're right.
Yeah.
So I will have a great day, man.
And back to you.
Okay, well, he didn't know.
He just wanted to be friendly.
Sound like a nice friendly guy.
I like a happy guy.
He's glad we're still here.
He's not too happy that he has to keep dittling around with it
to find out when the hell we come on to here, especially since 64% of this audience
doesn't listen to the Howard Stern Show, which we wish that everybody
would listen to whatever is on me for us, but the fact that the matter is
it's on the weekends.
But see, preceding us when they were doing sports, and yes, that was a different format.
We didn't have, you know, I don't know what the percentage was.
We needed those polls occasionally.
But the fact of the matter is people at least knew.
Even when we started at nine, which was an abortion, at least they knew it was nine.
It was a specific time.
Not that I want to revisit that we did yesterday again.
Do I?
Yes, or Friday?
I'm just mentioning it.
Thanks for the hit and passing, so that you understand it.
Working for a crazy person, a mad man.
It's like given a five-year-old kid, the key is to hear Ferrari and saying, hey, go off to the show.
This weekend have a great time.
Remember that 15-year-old kid with a vet at daddy bottom on the beach?
No.
Yeah, you do.
Remember that story about he crashed and killed somebody.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That's how many years ago.
Right.
Beautiful, right, Corvette?
15-year-old kid.
Now he's just practicing.
Hey, me, who wanted to be Rick Sanchez?
I'm going to be a real Roger S.
It's a lucid one.
560.
I'm going to be a real man.
This is now, Franken.
Ah, Jim Bob Newsom has been held as one of America's greatest songwriter.
Ruler, Ruler, Ruler, Ruler, Ruler, Ruler, Ruler, Ruler, Ruler, Ruler, Ruler.
And it comes to parodies columnist Nancy Murmels' theme of the Penny Saver called Jim Bob Newsom,
the greatest comedy writer since Milk Canon.
Oh, it's a season to the truth in the night.
Now, as a grateful dead fan, I appreciate the enormous talent of Jim Bob Newsom because to me he sounds just like Jerry Garcia.
I'm going to Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Cemetery Brad Shoes.
Now, no one else is as good as Jim Bob Newsom.
I'm getting hurt, Jim Bob Newsom singing now, and I'm in this in my toilet dot com.
Now, now.
Okay, thanks, pal.
1246, man, he is simulating, you know, and you wonder why Bush is going to win again?
He's nuts. Stop that. I'm going to tell my story.
I'm going to take that Michael Moore advice. I'm going to be an optimist.
Right.
The last is a 2-thirds of the M.P. I mean, full.
And Kerry is alive. Why? And he was on Regis and Kathy Lee.
I mean, what's your name? Regis and Kelly Rippa.
And he was on Letterman last night. And he's going to kick some ass, baby.
Right? Right. I sure wish I believed that.
What? Never less. 5.670560. Speaking of that, campaigns agreed to three presidential debates.
Vice presidential candidates have one scheduled meeting.
I think they're drawn to it, which being the trial lawyer that he is.
I think he's going to slice up Cheney and kick his ass.
You think I'm wrong?
No. I don't. I mean, Cheney's pretty glib, you know, for a guy with a bad ticker.
In fact, wouldn't it be something of Cheney or, like, right in the middle of the debate if his pacemaker gave out?
I don't think he can speak, but let's see how he does on the fly.
Yeah. Let's see when it's on it, which is like on his fly.
President Bush and John Kerrio meet for the first of three presidential debates next week,
both campaigns announced yesterday.
Next week, or this is covered up on a so fast.
In fact, it's a good thing we're taking this poll today about that ballot initiative on the slots of the great of permultials.
Because I don't think most people even know what the hell it's all about, or we're aware of it, right?
Hey, wait a minute.
Yes, the Vans gone.
So they gave away all the tickets?
Yeah. Well, that's because I was bitching people out there, not taking advantage of those great free tickets for the FIU,
who opened it this Saturday night, and for the tickets to the Marlins,
gave it the program against the Phillies, which is all Margot and Vans gone.
Probably should have pumped it a little harder earlier, but no comment.
Two additional debates will follow within two weeks.
There'll be a debate between the candidates for VP, like I just said, one moment ago.
The debates will provide an opportunity for President Bush and Senator John Kerrio to have a serious discussion about the important issues
to be decided in this election joint statement from both campaigns said.
Both President Bush and Senator Kerrio are pleased with the nasa announcement and look forward to the debates.
I say let them do it out.
All right.
Okay. I think Kerrio can show us his war scars.
He can show us where he did bleed a little bit.
And of course Bush can run.
The first debate in September 30th, what's it at today?
The 21st, that sounds like a week from Thursday.
Am I right?
Okay.
September 30th, man.
At the University of Miami, Crowgiebles, Florida says here if we can find the campus.
What is that pizza thing?
It's not pizza hut.
It's pizza.
What was it, Miguel?
It's little seizures.
Little seizures.
I remember the bird schlepping me in there one time.
Oh, this is the best pizza anyway.
The big cheese?
It was little seizures.
Maybe now it's a...
What is it?
Somebody glancing you or something?
Which is how it comes out of it.
It's like, man.
It's like the big cheese.
It's a hot mic today.
Somebody might have tampered with it.
I see.
Oh, they're in tamper?
I wonder.
The big cheese maybe, I saw another little seizure has gone.
It's right across from the metro rail there.
The metro fail.
Right.
Is that what it is now?
Well, anyway, it used to be little seizures if you were allowed.
Let me just finish my story before coming up with a whole bunch.
Let's talk about pizza joints, huh?
Or just joints.
Anyway, that was the saltiest, the nastiest, tasting crap.
Little seizures.
I sure hope the big cheese...
Well, there's no connection between the two.
I'm sure they wouldn't be offended.
Plus, they don't advertise on WQ and the big cheese, do they?
No.
They're out on that list, aren't they?
No, they're not.
They're not on the list.
And of course, if they did advertise and it turned out to be Gary Sarnas' account,
I really would rip them and ask.
Anyway, the debate in the Gables on next Thursday.
Don't you hate people that say on next Thursday or on next...
Why don't they say that?
It literally...
It would be moderated by PBS's Jim Lehrer, who is just boring.
Oh, man.
He is terminal.
In fact, take some notos.
Oh, another one.
Oh, yeah.
Wait a minute.
Who is moderating the three debates?
ABC's Charles Gibson.
Holy man, he makes Jim Lehrer look like a Mexican jumping bean.
He'll moderate the second one.
And CBS's Bob Sheifer, who just turned 117, will moderate the third if he lives that long.
Under the agreement, the first debate will focus on foreign policy.
I think Dan Ratherott will moderate the third.
Oh, god.
I'll tell you one thing.
They get a 95-year.
Can you see that?
Yes.
And Dan starts snarling.
You know, and getting all emotional.
And curling his lip is bush-started.
Like giving him dirty looks and stuff.
And getting all worked up.
Getting up out of his chair.
Just going right up on here.
And just...
Just playing the swing.
And they'll present it to the sea.
The secret service come racing in there.
Can you see that?
Yeah.
Better than the WWWFF.
Under the agreement, the first debate will focus on foreign policy and homeland security.
While the final one will deal with economic and domestic policy.
The second debate is to be held as a town hall meeting with questions posed by an equal number of soft supporters of each candidate chosen by the Gallup Organization.
Soft supporters.
Definitely, he's going to be there to find out which ones are soft and which ones are.
Not so soft.
That debate shall not be limited by topic and shall include an equal number of questions related to foreign policy and homeland security on the one hand.
And economic and domestic policy on the other hand.
The agreement says.
The two candidates will be seated in the stools for that debate.
Oh, God, have I got some great lines for that?
Yeah, just let them go.
They'll be seated in the stools for that debate.
But the... for the other two debates, they'll be standing behind podiums.
For if there's nothing I'd love to see, it's George W. Bush sitting in the stools.
Each debate will begin at 9 p.m. or run for 90 minutes with at least 16 questions.
In each debate, according to the agreement, the candidates may not ask each other direct questions but may ask rhetorical questions.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Now, supposing you actually won at election in 2000 and actually I had to...
Didn't have to fix it in Florida.
I'm not asking you like directly, but just rhetorically speaking.
According to sources familiar with the negotiations, the Bush team initially wanted just two debates skipping the town hall form in Missouri.
Senior Bush and Kerry sources said one of the last things the campaign's been negotiating was how the candidates would get their cues.
A senior Kerry source said the Bush campaign was hung up over with a light or something audible like a buzzer would be used.
The telekandidates, when their time is up, a Bush official at God said last minute questions, mostly over the time, as you held up the agreement.
Maybe when stirring goes up a little bit too long someday...
What do you think?
Okay.
Ultimately, a compromise was reached.
Timing lights will flash when there are...
About 30 seconds.
30 seconds and 5 seconds remaining.
Audible cue will then go up to note the end of the time for response in the moderate and will step in.
Step back in.
Like Michael Crowley only said.
Step back in.
The audible cue should be clearly audible.
The both candidates debate audiences and TV viewers agree with this.
CNN's candy Crowley was eating their crawlers as she helped to write that report for CNN.
Did you know that?
Anything else you can get her hands on?
Crispy cream, by the way, will kill you.
I mean, I love crispy cream, but I think that one of the reasons that their sales are down in their stock is wrapping is that people are realizing that they're highly addictive, far more addictive than gambling or anything else.
And that you can't eat only 5, you know?
I really cannot only eat 3.
If there happens to be like a dozen of somebody I don't want to see who in my house should go when I'm near and buy a dozen crispy cream doughnuts, I will eat 3.
No matter how many are in the box, I will eat 3.
I will eat more than 3, I know I could because there's something that I don't know the box.
Self-preservation.
Well, then I eat the two and be very upset.
And I'll be longing for the third.
You've turned 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
This is really quite a way we got on a 10, 30 this morning for those who didn't hear it.
They're very beginning, which is probably most everybody.
We got Drew Barrymore on Behind the Beated Curtain at A&J.
And we got an S Cross Reel Offset about that because she's showing it all right there Drew Barrymore.
And so far on her pool it's a no-brainer man with this crowd.
604 hosts are getting a big response.
We got a lot of yes votes on this.
Yeah, pundra brains out, man.
Get the money for education.
Let people go have a good time.
It's a win-win all the way around.
And there was little goody two shoes who want to impose their morality on everybody else.
Gambling is evil.
We got enough gambling.
You people make me sick.
You make me want to puke.
Man, I'm so tired of those people dying.
And of course that's what religion is all about.
You notice those two SUNY clerics who were assassinated the other day.
The SUNY clerics as opposed to the Shiites and opposed to the Kurds and Wei and people for the American way.
All of this other crap.
I just, it wears me out.
That's why I'd rather go out to Woodbine and plunge my guts out there at the slots.
It may be once in a great while win but not too often.
But you know just enough to keep me going to keep me from bankruptcy.
Just to get away from all of this crap don't you think?
Yeah, I think you got to do that.
Yeah.
Now seriously in fact and also of course Thursday the rumors are going to be coming to town.
So you can be here.
I'll be out of touch for quite some time.
See that's a mistake he makes is letting me know when they're showing up.
As opposed to just because I can't get color ID here on in my building.
So when the phone rings I do something really stupid.
I answer.
Oh, the bad move.
WDQA and hello.
You know the great.
Yes sir, speaking.
Yeah, there's a there's a GA.
So I'm with a VA.
There's one GA going with VA.
Yeah.
WDQA and hello.
Any how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I'd like to go to that to be a helpless person.
No, but you would WDQA and hello.
It's got a chain for that WDQA and hello.
Hi.
Yes sir.
Hi, I'm Steve.
I was supposed to change their name and I now know is Miami best.
Very well related.
And I'd like to thank Greg Reed for giving out a stirr.
I'll finish here in South Florida.
He's a lot of hope.
So I don't want any second read for a stirr, but I'm the other hand.
He's person.
I'm able to help him.
I'm able to help him.
I'm able to help him.
I'm able to help him.
That was funny.
I understood everywhere he said.
He's an old crow like me.
I can understand old crow.
I know about you.
An old cute.
1256 at 560 QM, the mad dog at 2B.
We got Mohawar David.
And poor buddy, you like it or not.
You're a single meal, lunch, and sleep directly on the plastic.
You, A, M.
But it's the one to two hours.
I saw Jesus for a instinct of a lover.
I saw him off.
I thought those there was a seed in my car.
Oh, my friend, stay down.
Look, down, set the redneck bar.
Oh, God, so take this.
Don't sleep too far, oh, God.
I saw him in my shaving cream.
So I left it on my face.
When I went to work, I looked like a jerk.
And I was fired in the street.
Driving home, I was all alone.
And making someone's way of tricks on me.
And the rear view mirror, I could see Jesus staring back at me.
Oh, right.
I saw Jesus on his name, and woke up on the fog.
I saw him off.
I thought those there was a seed in my car.
Oh, my friend, stay down, let's go.
Look, down, set the redneck bar.
Oh, God, so take this.
Don't sleep too far, oh, God.
He is so, so take this.
Don't sleep too far, oh, God.
I saw him off.
The side of the top is a little cat on my phone.
I saw him in the bollusk and peed in the shadows.
What her scar.
Yes, I saw Jesus on his name, and woke up on the fog.
Everybody, I saw Jesus on his name, and woke up on the fog.
I saw him off.
I thought those there was a seed in my car.
Oh, my friend, stay down, let's go.
Down, set the redneck bar.
Oh, God, so take this.
I would have seen, oh, God.
I'm going on again.
There he is again.
I wonder if there is a little crab hull of mine like that, the rabbi.
Like your accountant used to bring me at the honky games, remember that?
Yes, I did.
Tasted grape, a boy I've said it.
It had sorbetol or a scraped all or something like that.
Man, it sure is.
It's too busy.
Into the evening, it early morning hours.
Global warming may spawn more superstorms.
Hurricane Ivan, the incredibly powerful storm that killed at least 120 people in the Caribbean in Southern US,
may be a harbinger of the Earth's hotter future six, but not, of course, to leave out the gene
which killed 500 people in Haiti.
As the world warms, we expect more and more intense tropical hurricanes and cyclones at James McCarthy,
a professor of biological oceanography at Harvard University.
See, it all fits in together.
You know, the anti-science, the Bible-thumping, super religious, fundamentalist,
don't confuse me with the facts and mentality of this crowd.
Yeah.
And of course, there is no such thing as global warming.
We know that.
No, Cuddy.
Plot.
Large parts of the world's oceans are approaching 27 degrees Celsius, or warmer during the summer,
greatly increasing the odds of major storms, McCarthy, told IPS.
When water reaches such temperatures, more of it evaporates, priming hurricane or cyclone formation.
Once more, a hurricane needs only warm water to build and maintain its strength and intensity.
So you people in Florida, if you want to continue voting for the anti-science administration,
by all means, we'll throw you an anchor, okay?
We'll throw you a rope.
Over the last 10 or 10 years, the earth is warmed by about six tenths of a degree Celsius,
quite a bit, 2001 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change,
an international scientific body that studies the relationship between human activity and global warming.
Global warming, I just got through a ton of the way, no such thing.
The IPCC report was based on research by more than 2500 scientists from about a hundred countries
who determine that emissions of gas, such as carbon dioxide and act as a blanket,
that prevents much of the sun's energy from dissipating into space.
Much of the extra energy from this greenhouse effect is being absorbed by the oceans.
The proof that the oceans are warming is the fact that global sea levels have risen 3.1 centimeters in the past 10 years,
according to Kevin Trenbirth, head of the Climate Amalization Section at the National Center
for atmospheric research in Boulder, Colorado.
Water spans when heated sea levels are spread to the continue rising by as much as 50 centimeters by 2100.
I'm not too worried about that because I'll be dead.
And so what's all you?
Okay?
2100.0.
Oh, while the warming warming may not be hot, she's been living 150.
While the warming of the oceans is not uniform, the North Pacific and North Atlantic are a bit cooler.
The cooler the hurricane producing mid-Atlantic and Caribbean oceans have warmed significantly.
Global warming is creating conditions that are more favorable for hurricanes that often be more severe, said Timberth,
and actually come as no news, no shock, no surprise to the U.Pore bastards in Florida,
who are like every week have to pee in your pants and go get the applied one and the other good stuff.
Well, that result in more category 4 or 5 storms like Ivan.
He was asked that's the logical conclusion, although it may be somewhat controversial, he said.
Yadi, yadi.
As the emissions of greenhouse gases continue to trap more and more of the sun's energy,
that energy has to be dissipated resulting in stronger storms, more intense precipitation, and higher winds, he said.
Let's mention that in passing.
And of course, how come stem cell research is so little of it?
You see, this is what kills me. I've footed you for a long time. Both parties suck.
I mean, the Democrats are weak. They're wimpy. They're like, they're lame.
They figured out how they grasp the feet from the jaws of victory like Al Gore did four years ago.
And of course, the Republican Party is as malignant as possibly could be.
Dangerous. That's the difference.
You got two really bad political parties, bunch of thieves, bank robbers, etc.
But the fact of the matter is that the Democrats are more benign and the Republicans incredibly malignant.
Bob Novak speaking of malignant right-wing lunatics, someone who outed Valerie Plain in his column, writes in the Chicago Sun Times,
inside the Bush administration policy-making apparatus, there's strong feeling that U.S. troops must leave Iraq next year.
This determination is not predicated on success in implanting Iraqi democracy and internal stability,
rather the officials are saying, ready or not, here we go.
This is from Bob Novak.
Okay. This prospective policy is based on Iraq's national elections in late January, but not predicated on ending the insurgency or reaching the national political settlement,
getting out of Iraq would end the neo-conservative dream of building democracy in the Arab world.
The U.S. would be content having saved the world from Saddam Hussein's quest for weapons of mass destruction.
The reality of hard decisions ahead is obscured by blather on both sides in a presidential campaign.
Six weeks before the election, Bush cannot be expected to admit even the possibility of a quick withdrawal,
said, or, said, or, carries political aids, still languishing in a fantastic speculation about European troops to the rescue,
did not even ponder or protect it.
But curious supporters with foreign policy experience expected that if elected, their candidate would take the same escape route.
So that really would make worthwhile all the lives of the 1000 plus Americans who died over there, not to mention the thousands and thousands and thousands of Iraqis who have died in this liberation party,
the competition and emancipation thing.
They're all so good to be alive for the war on the Arab world.
If I'm wrong, or we have it all of these people, I know there was Daniel Pearl, but before all of this, Iraq stuff started.
Didn't that happen in Pakistan?
So when did that happen, the Daniel Pearl decapitation?
Like a year or two before the whole Iraqi business.
Yeah. In Pakistan, it seems to me that we didn't have an epidemic of these kidnappings and beheadings back then.
No, of course we didn't have all those people over there to be kidnapped.
Right, that's exactly so.
So there's an end-back.
Absolutely.
Oh!
Oh!
Very palatable, we'll be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We can chase and round forever with our tanks and all our troops.
Special forces are so tired of jumping through them who's out there.
You only need another plane.
So let's cut that off and not sense.
Oh!
Ingle blow up Pakistan.
Oh right.
Now pay the needs and you'll be retained.
Why don't you stop pussy food?
Ingle blow up Pakistan.
That's that's both of us on line.
You know, I'm thinking that the Indians would be all enough sort about the thing this proposition for passes in November because if the voters approve it, then it becomes legal in the state.
And then at that point, right, they would be able to put in real slot machines as opposed to those baby-wussy machines that they got right now.
I wasn't going to say, wussy, I was going to use different letter but I can't do that because you also get a very irate and Muffie might throw up this week coming out of his sick better.
Whatever his deal is.
Maybe he's in a big meeting too today, you think?
Well, it's this.
Because you're, I don't know you're telling me that all the doors are closed.
Everybody's behind closed doors and all kinds of stuff going on.
Maybe Scrooan is offering like two for one, two day.
You think that might be it?
Bush, his IDs of two terrorists.
President Bush might have been able to say it was simply a slip of the tongue when he confused two terrorists in the campaign speech yesterday in New Hampshire.
But the trouble is he's made the same mistake in at least ten times before.
Abu Gharr, during remarks in Dairy, New Hampshire, Bush said the late terrorist Abu Nidol killed Leon Klinghoff for a 69-year-old Jewish-American who died after being tossed along with his wheelchair off a hijack cruise liner named Achille Loro in 1985.
Do you remember Abu Nidol Bush asked the crowd?
He's the guy that killed Leon Klinghoffer.
Leon Klinghoffer was murdered because of his religion.
Abu Nidol was in Baghdad as was his organization.
He repeated the mistake Monday evening in the campaign event in New York City.
Abu Nidol was a co-blooded terrorist killer who killed Leon Klinghoffer.
Actually, it was Abu Abbas.
It's hard to keep them laundry heads separate from one another, you know what?
It was Abu Abbas, leader of a violent Palestinian group who killed Klinghoffer.
The White House had no immediate comment on the mix-up.
That's just WBNW, you know, like little, little, little, like that.
He just little on the dumb side, you know?
And that's why America likes him so much.
He just nowhere there, he's a guy.
Yeah.
He's just a good old guy.
Like everybody else with a Texas hat and a slaying that side, the wheeler shooter.
Pretty sad.
A couple minutes after one at five, 60 WDQM.
You know, we only got six weeks to elections, so anybody who thinks,
well, you know, you're a little bit, you're a heaping heavy duty on the newsy stuff again, too bad.
I'm going to do my best to do my duty.
Because if the election is fairly close in other words within 30,000 votes, I would say,
but 30,000 votes in Florida, they can easily make that up.
They can steal those back.
No problem.
And they can tie it up.
They'll bring Jimmy Baker down here again.
James Baker, the tour, and they'll like, it'll just be an instant replay of the old 2000s again.
Then I'll go back to these Supremes and they'll give parents time to some out of a pound of the good stuff.
No problem.
No problem.
Right?
Oh, no doubt.
That's all it takes.
They got the Decks stack, baby.
12 minutes after one at 560 WDQM, when you shop for quality footwear,
there's a store you are going to love.
It's called Brandeys.
It's in Palpat, Obit City, but around for a long, long time.
Brandeys is still around because they give you the unbeatable combination of the
biggest election men's and women's name, Brande Shews, the best in service,
and most important to most of you, folks, the best prices in town period.
They got all the top names you love, like Rockports, Floreshime, SAS, Spirit,
Timberlain, and I utilize a lot more.
And just about every week they got a special sale to save you even more cash.
Brandeys has opened daily Monday through Saturday from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.,
Sunday's 10 to 5, and you'll find Brandeys at 12.90.
North Federal Highway in Palm Pino Beach always worth the trip no matter where you're hanging out.
And this week again, it's a great time to buy a new balance at Brandeys,
which are outstanding.
In fact, that's what I'm wearing right.
I'm not wearing them.
They're on the float.
But lately, I love them balanced.
Take 20% off all great men's and women's styles.
So come in to the store this week or visit them on the way with Brandeys Shews.com.
You'll listen to me, you little little Roger.
It's collusion-lay unbiased today.
QA&M.
That's a cute.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We're at the Los Angeles, La La Co.
We got one in the country.
1.19 at 5.60 W.D.C.Y.M.
5.607. We're discussing a pizza place that in all hundred of business that you really love years ago.
What?
Are we having a counter-resue show discussing pizza joints?
Have the joints at the pizza parlor?
Well, you know, when you get the much used, it's nothing like being right outside the pizza joint.
That's right.
Like a little suit.
His man here was so salty and nasty.
In fact, all the pizzas tasted like they had anchovies on them, even if they did it.
Exactly.
What is it about people like anchovies?
I had a story.
Josh would be very upset, very concerned.
Dr. Gupta is warning people about poison.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't believe Dr. Gupta anyway.
I can't.
What's the other name like that?
What could have been able to kill you possibly?
A man's life, 25 children with a kitchen knife yesterday at a grade school in eastern China,
and held a nine-year-old girl hostage for an hour before police finally captured him.
It was the third time in six weeks.
That a knife attack has been reported at a Chinese school or daycare center.
The early attacks left one child dead injured a total of 42 people and caused widespread concern about school safety.
In China, no less.
It isn't clear whether such violence is increasing or whether communist leaders are letting the state control of media report more assaults in schools.
In other words, maybe this goes on like routinely, but they just finally let them one or two of these out, you know, just to make it look good.
Like they tell them the true news.
In the latest incident in the in county in Shandong province, the attacker was identified as the father of a girl at the school who had a quarrel with another resident.
These in-law news agency reported.
Ja-jing-vu, 37, looking for the other resident at the school that he dropped off his own daughter when he couldn't find the person, began attacking the students.
Well, that's always a good idea.
If you can't find the person that your PO dad just attack anybody who happens to be handy.
Especially little kids because they can't fight back to them anyway and they didn't bring the knife to school that day.
Pretty sad.
Pretty sick world-related.
And that's why it's really good to go out and plunge your guts out.
Go out to the track, catch some cymbal casting, plunge your lungs, go to the Indians, go to the casino, do anything.
Just get away from all this hysteria, man, from the heat and the mosquitoes and the bowling ball size of bugs, the roaches, the hurricanes, all of that crap.
5670560, I guess I can throw this away now.
Or we did the occurrence.
I always staple that so I have it handy.
Because I like to plug those liners so they give them tickets away.
We can get off of that under the important things in our agenda, like lunch.
WDQA and hello.
Hi, I'm Cohen Neal.
Yes, man.
I want to talk to him about President Bush being reselected.
reselected?
Yes.
Yes?
Because if he is, think about this on the...
Hi, I'm Cohen Bone Society and it's named now it's temporary.
So I'm considering that the option exists but he could get assassinated in the so-called...
Oh, great.
That sounds really a promising to me.
I'm sure you did too.
Yeah, well, why is it that we hear from very few women?
Because the ones that do call, man, generally tend to be crazy than a bedbuck like her.
A little bit of a...
Like that.
Wow.
I was about to say that you wanted to say something about David Bush is really good.
About time to say something good about somebody had the party for the exchange student over there last night.
They were very nice.
It was one of those rooms with the BILDR tables and the big, long, shuffled board table.
And everybody had a great time.
So thank you, David.
Bushers, you're all nice.
Yeah, even though they never served pizza though, but they are very nice.
They serve much better things than we had a lot of it.
Right.
Now, I just mentioned that because...
Oh, that's the one thing that I wonder, I know we've discussed this before.
And maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe they still are some of those Chicago style that real thick, heavy, real pizza.
Maybe they're still around.
But there was my pie.
You're what?
And you're pie.
No, you remember my pie, don't you?
No.
It was that before your time.
Must've been.
There was a chain.
There were a couple of them.
There was one in Kendall.
There was one...
There were around in Fort Lauderdale.
My pie.
The real thick Chicago style.
I know the deep dish.
I love that, but sorry.
Well, one of the pieces more than, of course, in Chicago is where you get the really good stuff.
And I don't want to go and rehash the names of those places.
Who cares, you know?
Well, they do.
It's a long group.
Let them go to Chicago.
Let's say...
Here's one that says, this year you can see the sign.
Last year was not eligible because the Marlins had pudge in his big fat ass cover the whole backside.
So this year you can see the sign of the stadium is what they're talking about.
Whatever that sign really says.
It says, we also need a proposition to bring Hank back.
I've lost money with my picks.
I need his picks.
And that's another thing we're doing.
Two weeks in the football season.
This coming weekend will be week number three, the third.
And no, no, a humber to help people lose their money.
It says, also, if you listen to more Howard and Bino Cook, you can't understand anything they say or who the players are.
They go back to the leather helmet.
And he said, oh, can't hear new rock needs lining up for the dolphins this weekend.
Can't be any worse.
It says, bring back Hank.
Bring back Hank.
Bring back the humber that Hustler's back to set.
That was funny.
And we're all for it.
My prediction is that he ain't coming back.
I probably shouldn't have said that.
It's not based on any information because I know as much as I would have to listen or, huh?
We don't have any.
We have no information.
None.
Zero.
And this idea of continuing opening up Barry Jack as of Jim Sarni on Friday and reading,
oh, Hank is still on paid suspension and hasn't heard anything from the station.
I mean, do you really believe that?
That there's no communication going on or there must be something going on?
Yeah, he'll think.
No, I'm not serious.
I mean, first, there's got to be something going on.
I mean, this is a guy who's been around in the market for a hundred years,
who's certainly in demand.
We got a brand new sports station right across the street going on now.
Would Joe Rose the little, the big head little dog?
And I'm sure that they would just, they would covet the big fat humber.
I don't think they could afford to feed him or not, but they'd love to have him.
I'm sure.
And like I said before, if Greg read is that dumb, I mean, it's not bad enough that he pushed you up to show.
Not once but now the second time.
That's not bad enough.
What you wait till tomorrow is poor.
I'm going to tell you those of you who trust me, this is, this is an award winner.
Would you agree?
It's a smoker.
You'll be smoking it when you hear tomorrow's poll.
Maybe even regularly smoking it because he just continues.
I like this thing in the school in China.
It's the same thing like a madman who's running loose with a machete.
He just, just chopping everybody's head off.
Yeah.
Maybe he's just trying to emulate what's going on over there in the middle of the least.
I don't know, but he just lost it.
He just come unglued.
Remember the song Undone by the guest who he's done?
He's undone.
He's done.
20 years that we are into if we allow it.
26 past one at five, 60 years.
You're used to be great WQA.
I'm used to be fantastic.
And then somebody went bananas.
Hey, over the years you've heard me talk about speaking of flipping your lid chucked out the area.
And his fantastic patented hair systems.
Charlie is the best in the hair business for over 35 years.
Charlie's been providing amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually 100% undetectable.
And right now Charlie's introducing the latest development hair restoration.
It's called the new laser light therapy treatment.
Isn't it amazing how that we had that little problem technically in the beginning of the show?
I should probably should know what that's going to be.
No, but it sounded like it was going to start up again.
Oh, that was it.
Anyways, it's called the new laser light therapy treatment at Chuck Alphieres.
It's used for treating fine and thinning hair.
There's new treatment.
It's FDA certified and restores your hair and scalp factor.
It's healthy as safe while increasing hair shaft density and volume.
The new laser light therapy and it's cool light laser devices effective on both men and women.
And it's a painless non-invasive treatment that's completing just about a half an hour.
In other words, about 30 minutes.
30 minutes.
Stay out.
Put out more.
Charlie and the staff are witness dramatic results for this new system.
And it needs your fallout for those of you with fine and thinning hair.
So stop waiting for a major miracle.
That's going to stop your thinning here from falling into the sink, into the shower, on the floor, whatever.
And give Charlie a call today to learn more about the new laser light therapy treatments.
There's no obligation.
He'll tell you how it can solve your thinning hair problems forever and really change your life.
Here's the toll free number to call. It's 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413.
Run that wicked web at CharlesLFury.com.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' movement wave on five seconds.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
And we're just going to steal sports radio with LZCRAP all of a sudden.
Greg.
She's widely soy-wee-y now.
Looks like the flight's a roadside.
Now, from the funny robot.
Barbara Bush has already found her husband.
I suppose that the rice has found.
Here's happened when she realized.
She raised her crib in a cloud.
Barbara Bush has already found her husband.
She says she's just me.
Old and cracked me.
And she raised her body.
And that means she's a trowshin'
And she's a fridge to my day.
Why, those dead days, why so far?
What's like the carrying a bullet hole between her thighs and my?
Mori-style midnight.
She doesn't reach her fore.
That's what she always says.
She's way more than she's taught.
Barbara Bush and Mori-style midnight.
We gave a short voice and she's much.
Not just that.
She's the evil.
Why, that voice, your fever, your fat.
And she's just like the magic star.
I'm not a big hat.
Barbara Bush, we've got the latest of nine.
I'm a bad baby.
Funny, damn it.
The average is equal.
3.6 percent of this audience,
in regard to that proposition for the assilence of the permutuals and barren date.
A few points, 6 percent gambling is evil.
Yes it is.
Much of desperate shuttons, you know, who walks to 700 clubs,
and all the money off to some fakers so we can go get laid on the weekends.
26 people say I'm going to read from the bottom up.
Okay, because it's pretty positive.
If we had the election just in our audience passed by a glanslide.
719 votes.
No, we have enough gambling already, 64.
I have no clue, 69.
Yes, it would be great for tourists in 224, 31.1 percent.
And yes, we need the money for education, 3.36, 46.7 percent.
That's 77.8 percent.
We're going to vote 100, 5.2 on this proposition.
Okay, you got it?
Got it.
And we're going to push the hell out of it.
Okay, we're going to push it until the cows come home.
5.6.7, we're talking pizza today, baby.
5.6.7, 0.5.60.
There was another one besides my father.
Was it you, oh man.
You what?
No, if you get in with the unit, you go to call me.
You, uh, fancy.
No, seriously, what that was in any way that you, uh, you mama, you something.
Well, somebody will know.
5.6.7, 0.5.60, 0.5.60 for the Verizon wireless and singular wireless people.
Everybody cue in, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
How are you?
I'm okay.
I got some insight as to, uh, what's going to happen with the four clock hour.
I've got a couple of friends that work for some radio shows locally.
It's a radio station.
Is there somebody might know what's going on?
Yes, it, well, okay.
Uh, first of all, Hank probably will not be back on the stadium.
I'm a stadium?
Uh, I'm in the station.
Um, however, they have a new show.
It's going to be called Mo and a cup of Joe.
How would a book of anything?
Oh, man.
He always writes a one-light this stuff, you know.
That was really great.
He had some really good insight.
In fact, you know something, I would say he knows about as much as we do.
Nothing.
How about a QAM, hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
They're Neil.
Yes.
Are we writing the amendment?
Is it amendment four?
Yes.
Okay.
Uh, I'm going to write this one.
Uh, I think it's going to be a, it's, it's, uh, you'll see, because a lot of couple of times they voted four, forty.
It was a big amount, had voted for it, but the rest of the state has it.
Yeah.
But I think this could be the tip of future casino gambling, because that, if I read this correctly,
it amends the Florida State Constitution, we're about to, if, uh, the embroad might be anything in the future,
there, there's, there's the eligible to vote for it, and not affect the rest of the state.
Well, we're not ready.
I'm going to be ready that we don't have to be stepped forward.
We don't have to be held hostage by all the Yahoo's in the other 65 counties.
That's correct.
That's all I need to bring into it.
Thanks a lot, Billy.
In fact, I shouldn't say 65 counties, because probably Palm Beach in the Monroe counties,
there's some living and reading people, right?
Well, Monroe County anyway.
Palm Beach County is mostly, uh, people over the age of 100.
I shouldn't say that.
We have many finalists in like Boca, right?
Right.
You don't eat in beach?
Lake Worth?
Cemetery Village?
West Palm.
Probably we have a few snooty people on Palm Beach too.
They would never admit it, but they're probably sneak it over right now.
Maybe on a Kennedy compound, while they're rolling around on the beach.
Somebody QA and hello?
Um, hey, D.A. George?
Yes, sir.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Somebody QA and hello?
Hey, the dog's in the sun.
Got it.
Now, it's really fresh.
I hope that you had your videos turned out very, very loud.
And I certainly hope that the people that operate the Dolphin fan forum there,
or at least used to, on the Dolphin's official website.
I hope you were listening very carefully, because now that you've shut off these people's conduit,
they're asses to where you folks, you weren't able to hear that.
They're reading it.
But now you heard it here on the New York Roger Show.
The Dolphin's suck.
Is there any question about it?
No.
Do they have a quarterback?
No.
Do they have a running bag?
No.
Do they have an offensive line?
No.
Are they offensive?
Yes.
Is there a coach at Dufal?
Yes.
You got any chance of turning it around?
No.
Now, I thought that Josh Cordis will vouch, I'm sure, if he values his life and job.
Didn't I tell you?
Month ago that there was going to be a disaster season.
Didn't I say that?
You said that.
Now, if somebody like me who's a valuable Patriots fan and have been long before,
by the way, Tom Brady played, I get really tired of, oh, he just got the hotspot Tom Brady.
Well, that's true, but that's beside the point.
But for several years, I've been a very big Patriots fan.
And I don't know.
I mean, it's just an exciting team.
It's what it is.
There's just a great team to watch.
They're exciting.
They've won 17 in a row now, by the way, I should point out.
17 freaking games in a row.
And I think that often could be on the way to a perfect season also.
I mean, if you thought 72 was great, I think they're on a way to another maybe perfect season.
Not the one that they had in mind, or you had in mind.
But if I could see it, even George knew it was going to be a...
Even you knew, and you couldn't care less.
Oh, no, blind.
I mean, you have to be a fool.
And like I said, Dave Heizard got a good comedy, a son of a lady, and just rips him and asks
right from the top from winning on down to the...
And I will say one thing though, the Danny Marino move worked out really well.
That was good, Wayne.
Wasn't that special?
Yeah, was special.
How many minutes did that last?
About 30 minutes.
The hammer window has been brought in.
He's not just going to be a yes man or a face man for the organization.
He's going to really have a say.
And at least it about five minutes and everybody said, hey Danny, you're crazy.
Why do you want to put yourself in that position?
You're making all that money on the network there doing those pre-game shows and a half-time show.
What do you need this for?
You've got 85 restaurants and all the clothing spots, card dealers.
You've got money up the old yin yang.
Okay, what do you need to embarrass and degrade yourself going to work for this maniac for?
And Danny said, right, you've got a point.
Change my mind.
I mean, how do you fire the owner?
That's the question.
That's the problem with these sports franchises.
You can fire the coach and the general manager.
You can trade the players, but you can't fire the owner.
It's kind of like QAM.
20 before two at five, 60 WDQM.
Hey, if you're trying desperately to lose some weight on one of those low-carb diets.
The Actins, the South Beach, the Sugar Busters, or any low-carb sugar-free diet.
There's a store I've been telling you about for a very long time.
I know you're going to love this store because it's entirely dedicated for you and the things you're looking for.
You'd like to buy a Spokas.
For years and years now, you'd like to sell thousands of low-carb dieters.
You've achieved their weight loss goals.
And now, you'd like to waste the book of this summer, which is still this fall, like I said.
Isn't it the last day of summer?
I don't know.
21st.
Well, whatever.
This summer, this fall right now.
They're celebrating their 14th-big anniversary with special discounts.
About the 50% on, like I said, on low-carb products like CarboLight, PureD Light CarbSense, and lots more.
It is the anniversary super special.
I'd delight the lights right now.
You can save 50% off on all Actins brand's foods and supplements too.
And don't forget to light-scribe selection of low-carb bakery items like cheesecakes, breads, rolls, and delicious Northwatering brownies too.
And as always, you can try anything in the store before you put on any cash and buy it.
The staff at Delights know is low-carb dieting inside and out and they're open daily till 10.
And don't forget that guaranteed lowest-priced policy on all Actins, CarboLight, and PureDelights products because the lights of Westboke will not be under sold.
Delights as you'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glaze in 441 right next to Boston Market.
On the Web it's low-carb.com or column, tool free at 1-877-low-carb.
That's with AW, LOW, C-A-R-B.
Don't forget the one and only Delights of Westboke is your official Actins retail company.
$1.00 per shot.
We are on your morning's in weekdays here.
For some round of clock and five six hours in weekdays.
Yeah, that's the one I wanted.
Absolutely.
You're both automatically.
As you may be by the futures at the CEOP.
If you may, at this time, no, then that's not your steal.
That screw is again.
The drugler government at the front of the car.
Another, another, another, another, another.
If you both done this, time no, then that's not your steal.
That screw is again.
So, we're medicine medicine medicine.
We're just as bad medicine.
We're medicine medicine.
We're medicine medicine medicine medicine.
We're medicine medicine medicine.
We invite them to be dead.
And those trying to push me into your blood.
And call their snuff, those by-laws with all of you.
The truth is, killed with the rights.
The truth is killed with the rights of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
And the power of the people.
Just to be updated.
I always just auditioning something to see if we can play it.
And we can't.
How do you like that?
Wow, well, I even though I put like little stars in the DCS,
that's the thing that make sure, you know, make sure I know that I edited and think,
I just listen to it again just to be absolutely sure. So you guys don't have to be diving for those yellow buttons and etc.
I do like this article on our website, like many, many other great ones,
Commander-in-Chief's Baton Switch, Switch, by Harley-Sorinston of the San Francisco Chronicle.
Do you think if they brought in Don Ho to work with the Mohawar David, it could be the homo show?
Harley-Sorinston writes, the thing that rankles me most about George W. Bush these days is the way he lies to our troops.
When you're in that American-made cesspool called a wreck and you've been told your tour of Voody ends on April 12th,
it's an out-and-out breach of contract to be suddenly told to can't go home until September.
I used the April 12th date because that's the day the family on television said they expected the reservists on home.
His remains were shipped home at a box after he was killed April 29th.
That's bad enough, but then Bush has the temerity to accuse critics of his war of damaging troop morale.
That must be his macabre idea of a joke, what could possibly be more damaging to morale than to be told you're going home and then have your tour of duty extended?
What could be more damaging to the morale of our surviving troops than to see their buddy killed after his official go home date?
A good percentage of our troops in our back today are victims of Bush's Baton Switch tactics.
We like to voice there are all volunteer military, but there's nothing voluntary about being yanked away from your family and your job months or years after you thought you'd complete the war.
Yes, that's what's happening. It's been called a back-door draft. Bush doesn't have the political courage to call for a regular draft before the November 2nd elections, so we take the advantage of our reservists and national guardsmen until then.
Here's an example is reported by Dick Foster in the Rocky Mountain News last Thursday.
Soldiers from a Fort Carson combat unit say they've been issued an ultimatum.
Re-enlist for three more years and be transferred to other units expected to deploy in Iraq.
Hundreds of soldiers from the 3rd Brigade, Combat Team were presented with that message and a re-enlistment form in a series of assemblies last Thursday said two soldiers who spoke of course on condition of anonymity.
The Bush people tell us that patriotic young Americans are flocking to anelessmen stations to sign up yet they can't seem to feel enough troops without screwing the reservists. Something's wrong with this picture.
They'd like to blame it on former President Bill Clinton who did reduce the size of our bloated military behemoth but Clinton's been gone for almost four years now.
It's time for Bush and his fellow Republicans to take responsibility.
Let's put it in perspective. Our participation in World War II from Pearl Harbor to VJ Day was slightly over 44 months.
If George Bush has been president slightly longer than that. If our troop strength isn't what it should be who's to blame, a former president, the Democratic minority in Congress, or our tell it like an ain't president George W. Bush?
Our war against the Iraqi people is George W. Bush's baby. The UN never authorized a war where the Security Council simply warned a rack of serious consequences if they didn't play ball.
Parents warned their children serious consequences. Phrases like that can mean anything.
George W. Bush interpreted it to mean all-out war by the U.S. Say what? Congress based on faulty intelligence and pull showing public support for a war did give Bush the authority he needed to go to work necessary to defend the national security of the U.S. and to enforce all relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions regarding Iraq.
Bush wasn't ordered to take us to war. He had a choice. He chose war. It's his war. He alone has the responsibility for what's become of Iraq. He has the blood of a 1025 American troops on his hands. He swims in the blood of countless Iraqis.
It was his action that ended with the destruction of the Iraqi infrastructure. It was his action that turned scores of blinded with anger, anti-American terrorists and armies of terrorists. And yet we're not in control of Iraq.
Our troops have been ordered to hunker down to keep as low profile as possible until after the elections. Bush has ordered our troops to try to avoid getting killed between now and November 2nd, not for strategic reasons or humanitarian reasons, but for personal political gain.
We do not control one city in Iraq, in Afghanistan and what started out as a bona fide war against terrorists and we are for the most part, hunkered down in the capital city of Kabul.
We control part of Kabul, warlords control the rest of Afghanistan. The heroine poppy trade is bigger than ever. This is what George W. Bush has brought us. At best to stand off in Afghanistan, a certain defeat in Iraq are intelligence people reported in July that the best we can hope for there is a continuation of the chaos that exists now.
And yet half of America celebrates George W. Bush is a great leader. He makes decisions they've promised. Never mind that he makes mostly bad decisions. He's a leader they say apparently unaware that the pie-tieper of Hamlin was also a leader.
Bottom line he's one of us they say but he isn't, not unless you and I were pampered all our lives and we're in to believe we're better than other people.
We've dwell lately on Bush's past that might be interesting, but the statute of limitations has run out. Let's please dwell on what the man is today.
He isn't much. His sins of the past few years greatly outweigh the sins of his youth. The Bush of 2002 is far more important than the Bush of 1972. Can we focus please?
Yeah and that's another thing. The Democrats have gotten bogged down. What a great job Carl Rovenos Nazis have done.
bogging him down a stuff that happened 30 years ago.
About 30 man.
And now what's the go on the last four years? I didn't know that President Iran's stuff that happened 30 years ago.
No well he brought it up you know he made it up. There you go. So that must be the only issue.
High school and Democrats you jack holes you.
151 at 560 WQM if you're planning on replacing your carpeting because they look like crap now or maybe you're thinking about having your carpeting area where it's a drape reaper professionally clean.
Nobody anywhere in the world has a job for like my good friends that drive concepts to the best in the business bringing your carpeting back to life which is why I've been using them in my homes for over 20 long excruciating years now.
Sentitize your home today using dry concept certified train technicians they'll drag clean your carpet same idea directly in your clothing leaves em vibrant and cut us off to the touch they smell a little bit fresh.
They're drying just a couple of hours you ready to rock and roll again so you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
Right concepts are the best in the business sitting the standard for everybody else to follow no rip off no games no scams no tack on the end of the job they give you written guaranteed price upfront before they start to work.
So if you want your carpet and all your other goodies looking just like brand new car drive concepts today you never dream of calling anybody else again call them tool free at 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or on the wicked way of its dry concepts dot com.
You're a sneaker real Roger.
How young is too young.
But third man.
Back in the day when someone does wrong we didn't take their crap in Pearl Harbor or when the jazz dropped their phones.
We found them back and now the Saudis they hit us hard and on our cars are little flags we have that's all you love and retired points of
the wrong way.
And I've embarrassed to be in America's where they follow those like you.
The United States of America's and my push and sanity.
Free they have the country.
Have a look at all of the other states and I just feel free.
I don't want to be a tax America.
If a USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive you're gonna need more gas.
If the greatest country in the world they train us to believe.
And anyone who says that obviously is a for to be.
And I've embarrassed to be in America's where we take triophers and please.
We have flagged one hand with our head in the sast and lightly followed the powers that he had been sent in.
I'm a 65 in the street.
Everything's okay.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Then I will be going to be on stage in the next two days.
between ball games, well he must be really bummed out, you know.
I'm lucky to be going from, well the jets have been
good for quite a while, but I mean going from a almost real
team to like team that's now in the depths of the
spare in rampage decay.
Oh my god, I mean seriously that came on Sunday night.
That was so pathetic, so sad, so tragic, and some were all
and Joe, what's his name?
Joe, Ty's been sorry.
Well those guys from Notre Dame, I try to forget block them up.
They're just just carving them and ask, who else is on it?
Is it Paul McGuire?
Is it the, what's his name?
Not sure.
The Deer Door?
I get Dan Deer Door from Paul McGuire confused.
I don't know why, because Paul McGuire is a bap.
Mugwum.
And anyway, just ripping them and carving them and asking
deservedly so.
But nevertheless we got more important fish to fry.
We got only November 2nd ballot.
Proposition that would allow slot machines at the
permuchels in Dave and Robert counties that the race tracks
the frontons, the dog tracks, et cetera.
700 idiot votes, not too shabby.
Yes, we need the money for education, paid for it in 76,
almost a half a million dollars for education.
Yes, it'd be great for tourism, 241.
I have no clue, 74.
But that's our crowd.
No, we have enough gambling already, 69.
Or gambling is evil, 28, 3.5%
watch out for them evil doors, their punch and their brains out.
Mad Dog is next and then of course, at 4.
Bye, bye, bye!
I wish that you'll meet a Roger's man,
and he'll show up on the Roger's.
We'll meet you again.
Bye, you mean four billion.
I will say two million or not laid together.
If there was a law, it would be against it.
No!
