Joe has been a tough season for jet fans.
What is it meaning you now in a team struggling?
I want to kiss you. I couldn't care less about the team struggling.
And I want to kiss you.
Thanks Joe.
You're smarter than Joe David, part of the Thorne Vick A. It's him.
We'll see these guys in half-time.
One man trapped in a strange world must defend his honor, his woman,
and also that weird cult thing he didn't do.
Elron, honor was not a nut. He was the stainless man who never lived.
Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist.
It's as legitimate as any other major religion only for some.
The last Scientologist, if you call him gay, he'll sue you for $100 million.
But if you call his religion crazy, he'll cut you in half,
likewise with a four foot samurai sword.
You call him so between unpretty sure Penelope will be, and if not...
He's even willing to die for Dionnex. He is the last Scientologist.
What do you want from me?
I mean, besides my fame, my fortune, complete control of my life, and the only asset, my soul.
Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist.
Unless you count John Tervolto, Jimi Helton, and a few other gullible Hollywood airheads.
The last Scientologist is now playing with your mind in a theater near you.
Ten-o-one at five sixty WQM Happy Wednesday two.
You got some bad news. They want to start out with bad news.
But we do have some bad news. Look at that schedule.
The booster at 4 this afternoon again.
Come on, hopper. Lose an answer to, okay?
Here is a Scott Almighty. What a load.
WQM, our first call on a Wednesday. Hello.
And Neil?
Yes, sir.
Did you read where that guy from the righteous brothers died of cocaine?
Yeah, we headed on to here yesterday.
I guess he lost that numbing feeling, huh?
Excellent.
I talked to you.
Okay.
I don't know.
That was beautiful.
Probably a thing though.
I just had that num feeling, myself as a matter of fact, that dumb feeling.
How did it tingle?
Anyway, we changed the poll again yesterday when you folks weren't looking.
Because Dean, with all of your respect, there's a listener named Dean who sent us,
fact is a great idea.
We thought it was a great idea.
We liked it.
See, it wasn't an idea.
The only problem being that we didn't have the right names on for the list that he was talking about.
See what I'm saying?
Okay.
In other words, the original poll was,
which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you?
And we were going along and then he said, well, there's so many hostile people in South Florida
who would like to dance on somebody's grave, which we'll get to that eventually today.
But he said, how about saying which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest,
which would have been fine.
The only problem is that it wasn't the right list.
There were just too many nice people on there.
So I don't even say that.
Maybe Eric Scott had somewhere, like he's got it in his bathroom somewhere.
He's going to wipe his ass with it later in the day.
I think there were about 460 or 70 votes on that, which wasn't too shabby.
But it wasn't really going anywhere.
Because it was all, I don't give a shmit about any of them.
And Celia Cruz, one hands down.
And then Bob Hope had quite a few.
And after that it was very, very few smattering.
It was crappy.
I didn't like it.
I felt queasy about it.
You know what I mean?
Uncleaned.
Yeah, I felt very unclean and uncut.
Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you we asked?
I don't give a shmit about any of them.
282, 30.7%, which isn't that bad considering what we're dealing with.
John Ritter wins in a really tight race.
John Ritter with 98.
Johnny Cash 95.
How come we didn't put June Carter Cash on there?
She nobody died about that.
That's right, you're right.
She's overshadowed, eclipsed.
Art Carney 45, Fred Rogers 34, Celia Cruz 33, nice go and you go boy.
Celia 33.
Very white 31, Bob Hope 29, Dr. Bob Atkins 24, Warren Zeva on 23, Charles Bronson 20.
David Blume 18, Catherine Hepburn 17, Robert Palmer, who's addicted to death now, along
with Gregory Peck, they each had 15.
Buddy Hacking and Morris Gim had 12 of these.
Hey, don't go to Mount Sinai, Morris.
Not a good idea.
Oh, Jesus.
Gregory Hines, Lenny Riefenstahl, who was the producer for Hitler, and David Brinkley
each had 11.
Rod Roddy, her Brooks each had 9.
Warren Spawn had only 5.
This is just not a sports crowd.
Down the low corner, Fred Berry, Buddy Epson, 5 of these.
They've debushed your only 4.
Like I said, it's just not a sports crowd, George.
It's your fault.
Robert Stackle only had 4.
That really pisses me off.
Horst Lookholtz, Earth Cupsinant, Leon Euras each had 3.
Alan Bates, David Hemings, Nina Simone and Mel Carter.
And a bunch of other ones each had 2, which I'll get to eventually if it doesn't disappear here real quick.
Where is it?
Somewhere.
Charles Bronson had 1.
Earl Hinman, Hume Cronin, Donald Locone, everybody got at least 1.
That's good.
Donald Locone, Erichard Crenna 1, John Slussinger 1.
What are you just doing?
You just changed this on the Eric?
What is this?
Oh yeah, he just...
While I'm reading it, that's just being...
Oh, Jesus, that was bad.
He's getting even with me now for something.
Better read faster now.
Wait, Celebrity Death of 2003, made you the happiest.
I don't give a shit about any of them 278 C to Cruisie, 89, Bob Hope, 33.
Lenny Riefenstall, Mount C-17.
Dr. Bob Atkins, 14, and we had how many votes?
517.
Well, that was pretty good.
So why did I change it?
It was just too...
It was too Bob-sided.
Anyway, somebody called yesterday about the move on.org thing about the ad contest they had,
the 32nd, Bush and 32nd contest.
Speaking of Bush and 32nds, by the way, we got something on our website.
It's not on our yet, but it will be today.
That'll just...
It'll just make you a peer pan.
That's the...
Yeah, the greatest thing we've ever had on NeoRodges.com.
For his little sample.
But I'm saying it has weapons of mass destruction.
But...
Today the world is safer.
But...
So I'm saying it's not disarming.
It is a danger to the world.
It free and secure and peaceful Iraq.
A P.S. Freon.
Secure Iraq.
That's the middle of that.
These will have enormous historical impact.
In four different outfits, no less.
Well, let's say when it's on there, then you'll be able to have to see it too.
I believe in that.
And then you can play with it all day and the thing too.
It's a really great, it's a beautiful thing.
Anyway, so somebody called about the Bush in 32nds contest
in move on.org was having.
And people like Miss Fudge, another right-wing assholes
and the Republican National Committee were making a big song to dance about it.
It is if move on.org had created those ads comparing Bush to Hitler.
Which I wish they would have quite frankly,
but nevertheless did not as extreme as I am or as honest.
So they put this on their website yesterday, which being a member of course I got it.
And all you should be getting it too, move on.org.
It says,
this is the new year begins we'd rather be talking about positive things
and there are plenty of good things happening.
But move on.org has come under attack from the Republican National Committee,
the RNC, which has launched the campaign of malicious misinformation
that I've heard attention from the creativity and power of the Bush in 32nds contest.
We need your help to make sure the media don't fall for it.
RNC chairman Ed Gillespie launched the attack on Fox News Sunday, what a novelty.
And the RNC followed it with press releases and call-story reporters.
The charges centered on two ads posted on the Bush in 32nds website
which compared President Bush's tactics with those of Ed all Hitler.
Mr. Gillespie repeatedly referred to the ads as the move on add or move on's add,
implying that we had sponsored or perhaps even commissioned the add.
He also claimed that we might spend $7 million to run it on TV.
This is a lie.
Move on.org hasn't sponsored such an add and we never would.
We regret the appearance of these ads and the Bush in 32nds site.
The two ads in question are for more than 1000 posted by members of the public
and they were voted on by move on.org members through December 31st.
Obviously, the few hundred of you who viewed these ads agreed that they weren't worthy of further broadcast the recognition
because they got low ratings.
Yesterday we announced the 15 finalists, all good, hard-hitting and fair praises of the Bush record.
In the judgment of the members and others who rated them, the two offending ads can only be found in one place on the RNC website.
And it goes on about what people ought to do and let the media know that it's a vegetable crap.
And the same old lies in which they specialize.
And Ms. Fudge I noticed this is put this story on her website today but doesn't really like retract the mistake from the one from yesterday
because he also specializes in lies in bull crap and anything to smear anybody who's to the left of a till of the hunt
and might not wear pink panties while listening to this show.
Now here's the first poll today.
We have two.
The second one is definitely a building poll because there's only one name on it so far.
But here's the first one.
And this is I know we've done this before.
This is the last one because we've turned a new leaf now.
We got the new year.
We're desperate to find our identity here on QAM.
We're struggling under Greg Reed's manic leadership.
So as a result, starting today Wednesday, January the 7th.
During the 1-2 hour, it is Wednesday.
It's usually your hump day hour.
But during the 1-2 hour kneel should and there's only two choices.
We're not going to give it like all kinds of this makes it pretty queer.
You know what I'm saying?
Pretty queer cut.
Keep playing all comedy bits or dump the comedy bits out.
And is it the points out on here?
This poll will decide the future of the Wednesday 1-2 comedy bits out.
Okay?
We'll abide by it.
Won't we?
Sure, why not?
Yes we will.
I mean, well ordinarily, a lot of times we do polls and say, well, you know, this is just for fun and to kill some good time
and whatever you say will do whatever we want anyway.
But not today.
If people say they like that comedy bits out, that's fine.
Otherwise maybe they figured it's just a cop out which it is.
Yeah.
Huh?
Right.
It's pretty obvious.
Just to try to help us stagger through the weeks since Georgian air both aging rapidly.
Mm-hmm.
Poll number two, which show we can get into at any point.
What well known and I want to make very clear and politicians excluded.
Now it's not that I'm wimping out.
It's just that we're wimping out.
Well, we just don't need the grief because we know that if we put like a bush on this pool right off the bat,
here would be misfudge or somebody from newsmax.com and they'd be putting it on there about all get the secret service.
And they're talking about the president being, you know, that's not so there would be no politicians on here.
What well known living person's grave would you love to dance on?
Politicians excluded.
Now the only one we got on there is absolutely no Howard David.
That's the one that for some reason came to my mind immediately.
There you go again, Bashin Pormole.
Right.
What well known living person's grave would you love to dance on?
Politicians excluded.
So you can add anybody you like on there.
Well known person, not like your next door neighbor, not Jeff High's former neighbor Dave Friedman.
Now somebody well known.
A little bit better known than Jeff High or Dave Friedman.
So that's pool number two.
Okay, I'm going to vote.
I don't know what to vote on this because we really need to get with it.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
And especially I'm really a little dismayed.
I'm worried about the Humper number one.
I guess he just got a bad case of the flu.
It's going around.
It could be just that.
And I guess Geldy from here in the US back this morning, but he's on a little bit scratchy.
I think you're all going to have to go into quarantine when I come back to protect me from all the disease you people are spreading around.
I will just so on.
Huh?
I'll stay home in a box.
No, you can just just wear one of those SARS-mask to something like that.
And I'll come in like hermetically sealed and just slide into that through that room or a plastic bag over my head.
Okay, let's see.
Did I vote on this?
Here's the thing on a comedy, but so we'll keep this up until what noon?
I don't think that'll be necessary.
What do you mean?
I think the results are already evident.
Well, don't get all carried away.
I see what they are.
There's 29 votes, 23 say dump the comedy, but it's our and six say keep playing all comedy bits.
Okay, well, like I said, we'll do it this hour.
How's that sound?
All right.
We'll do it until 11.
Don't be so precipitated.
Okay?
I don't want to be.
Don't like, Joe.
I know, because you're like it just as much as I do.
Because it's like my eating off a log.
Well, we can't afford to be dropping no more logs.
Okay?
We got to try to pick up the pieces here at QM.
Now the Greg is smashed the old egg again.
You know, those Easter eggs that you find on the DVDs?
Well, this is the radio egg and Greg keeps dropping it.
I sure like to have one of those HDTV radio receiver kind of things to your outgrains.
Stereo.
Of course, you've got one.
No, they haven't invented it yet.
It's going to sound great as soon as they invented.
1013 at 560 WQAM.
Does this sound like you underpaid and overworked?
Well, if you like a new high-paying career, but you don't have four years of the cash to waste on college,
if this is you, fast trains got your solution.
Pick up the phone and call fast train today.
1, 866 fast train that one easy call can change your life.
Because they can have you train in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career
or a high-paying medical computer specialist career in as little as four months.
You heard right.
You can be fully trained already for a great new high-paying career in as little as four months.
Think about it.
And just four short months you can be on your way to a life,
whether you're working full-time or part-time fast train office convenient day,
evening at weekend classes.
They also offer job placement assistance financial aid to people who qualify too.
Fast trains got locations all over town.
There's in Miami.
Kendall, four Lutterdale Pember Pines of the Chances are, there's about to be a location nearby you.
So don't wait. Pick up that phone call.
Fast train today. Say goodbye to your dead-end job and your asshole boss
and get a real career and some serious cash to go along with it.
Call 1-866 fast train.
You can check it out on a web at fast train.com
but make that call 1-866 fast train.
We're supporting you 5-6-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
41- keep playing all comedy bits between 1 and 2-35- 41-35- you're right to throw in the towel there earlier. I know. I told you. Just like Archie Bell and the Drills baby our poll is doing the old Titan up. 41-35- well whatever they say will abide by it. Now you still think that we only should limit it to 11 o'clock? Oh whatever. Until you get to the exact result. Yeah we'll keep doing it for Ava.
Until five to Sanctinum. Until we get to result we want. I really don't care. We want to do whatever pleases. We're here to please. Oh look at that. Now they're really par my onto it. Anyway, before I'll what is it now? 45-35 to dump it. Last night says this fact. So while flipping my radio dial he was flipping it on the way home. Phil Henry came out of my speakers spewing more of his vitriolic rantings. Are you sure? Keyed big time on Michael Moore claims his wife red dude wears my country.
If you got him to try to read it obviously half his family's got some sense and it ain't him. I listen for five minutes while you rip move on.org and all of its celebrity supporters. Then I started to throw up and hit the off button. Phil has to be getting bonus checks from cheap channel about a piece of Schmidt. Few gum it says PS. I attended a preview to move on.org. And last week since I'm a member of it. They're attempted building a working website. Phil Sharp for sure it is a success. Maybe Eric can help them out. It may have something to do with their low turn off. First of all they don't have a low turn off. That's number one. And number two. I checked them all out yesterday. The ones that I'm going to do are the ones that I'm going to do.
I'm going to do the ones that were on there. So check it again move on.org. Okay get with it. 45 to 35. I think there's a real battle going on between the two divisions of our audience. See that's a problem. See people think I'm just making that up to elicit sympathy or something. But it happens to be true when you ride the fine line. You know when part of your breakfast on one side of the line when you got one cheek on one area and one cheek on the other areas. You want me to say yeah you need to build your toilet seat that kind of shapes really really bad.
Oh that thing now I can't even get it to a reboot now to refresh. But while we're doing that we can always just. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We're changed outfits. We're telling other lie. Oh it's a beautiful thing. I'll be sure let me know as soon as Eric have pops that on there. Assuming that that happens sometime soon.
Anyway Pete Rose like I told you yesterday is full of crap. He's a liar. Yeah he was a great baseball player but why does why does this debate keep raging on and on and who gives a flying crap already you know what? Yeah his contention that he never bet on Cincinnati Reds Games from the club houses being disputed by two of his reputed bet runners for more house mate Tommy Joyosa said yesterday that Rose is lying when he says in his latest autobiography that he never placed a bet from his orifice. Joyosa said he did so routinely Paul Jansen who also told us that he's not going to be a good guy.
He's got the authorities that he ran bets for Rose also said that baseball hits King placed wages from his orifice on a regular basis. I wish he just come clean with everything Joyce has said the telephone interview. I just wonder if he'll ever tell the whole story. No.
A day after excerpts from my prison without bars were released Rose's latest version of his gambling scandal and his sincerity were questioned. Since he's not planning any kind of rehabilitation I don't think it has any kind of sincerity said Barbara Pinska who was his spokeswoman at the time.
That's the sad part he dragged himself this far to acknowledge he bet on baseball but he's still out admitting that he's got a problem and like I told you here and I've been telling you for a long time he's a compulsive gambler with a very serious gambling problem.
So the obvious solution is stick his ass next year in the hall of fame get it over with already and then just say don't ever come to a game again just just ban him from baseball again for life get him out.
You've sipped at a lifetime ban in 89 and of course they're trying to allow him to weasel his way back in. No just get him out he's a scumbag in a liar.
If he was repentant about it. He's not.
66 say dump the comedy bits hour. 45 say keep playing the comedy bits out of 111 votes. The votes are just pouring in their frantic all the way around.
Don't you think they're frantic? Oh sure why not. WQM line one may be working. Hello.
Wow again I get to talk to you. How about that perfect timing you know on the information thing on the web page and the bedtime stories and all that.
You know the interesting thing is is that I think people that are informed like myself I really don't need you know the help to be informed.
The ones that are not informed are too stupid to care you know whether they are going to be informed you know they're not going to read it anyway.
Well I mean obviously somebody's reading it we are getting a lot of people I mean you know maybe a thousand people a day who read like maybe ten different stories.
Well I noticed two of the stories that I see by the time I've heard you say you know or you know reply to the story or read the story and I get home and I look at MFNBC or Fox or CNN whichever news you watch.
Right. You've already heard the story five or six times you know I only listen to you for your opinion of the story not necessarily for the information itself.
Yeah so yeah but I noticed for example like yesterday there were a lot of things that we had on your here and I see them on the news this morning.
Right. You see what I'm saying? No not really. No in other words we had it before it made the mainstream media.
Oh oh oh right well you know you think you do but sometimes you don't either. I can usually sometimes it's the next day you know like off you or something that happens later after you're on the air.
So it's had the whole other day the cycle flew and then by the time you get to it you know SNF story done it, RUX is already done it you know CNN is already done.
Okay I'm assuming that. Well I'm praying I'm praying for their mental health or not.
But people do I listen to everything I want to know at the end of the day I want to hear every side of every story.
So in other words in other words you think that Rush has got a side to a story when he goes on here and talks about the Clintons murdering people and just making crap up.
You think he's got a side to a story? See I'm I'm not buying it.
But at the same time.
I wouldn't listen I wouldn't listen to him if you paid me by the second because I know exactly what he does. He's just a freaking liar.
Yeah but with the same time some of the stuff that you say is biased by you know a liberal belief or whatever.
No no there's a difference between a bias and making crap up and just blatantly lying.
If you can tell me something that I lied about politically on this show I love to hear what it is.
But you don't say if people don't lie on purpose but a lot of times you know when you tell a certain lie you're repeating something that is almost to the point of ridiculous like Rush does the same thing.
The liberals do the same thing with their part of things.
You're not listening. You have a great day sir. You just you just go under like a dog chasing its tail.
Just I think you want to hear the sign of your own voice.
Five say and what was the point? I mean what is the point of all we should just submit candy the website that make him happy because he's listening to all the other shows.
And because nothing we have on there is a new one.
First of all 95% of the articles on our website you won't find anywhere else anyway unless you're doing your own homework.
Right. Let's go to all the places.
That's the whole idea of it with a bedtime story. I mean you can find them on the websites where I find them.
I certainly didn't write them or invent them.
But that's the idea to make it easier for people who are a little bit curious and want to read something as opposed to the kind of readers digest garbage they get in the sun sentinel in a herald and from the American networks every day.
Problem. But anyway stop lying.
You're looking at lies.
Oh. WDQAM. Hello.
Yes sir.
I wouldn't put Robin Jones on the way. Yeah. WDQAM. Hello.
I'm going to be a Democrat. WDQAM. Hello.
Daniel. Yes sir. I couldn't just agree more with the gentleman that just called. I always find that when I've heard the stories from your show they always come out later on on the mainstream media.
Right. This is some clear opposite of what he was saying.
Mm hmm. Just wanted to say that.
OK thanks.
5670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. For example, US gives Halliburton waver for oil deal.
Even in spite of the appendagon audit that found evidence of overcharging for fuel.
Hey that ain't going to bother anybody. US Army has granted Halliburton a special waiver to bring fuel into a rack under a no bid deal with a Kuwaiti supplier.
How do you like that? The Army Corps of Engineers spokesman Ross Acton said the yesterday the waiver was granted a vice president Dick Cheney's former firm to ensure much needed fuel reach the Iraqis.
And the decision was not tied to the Pentagon's audit. If you don't like that well enough, a partnership of giant companies with ties to US officials has been awarded a $1.8 billion
Iraq reconstruction contract. The government said yesterday.
But Pentagon and State Department officials announced they hadn't worked out a bureaucratic squabble over which agency would ultimately oversee more than $18 billion of reconstruction funding approved by Congress last fall.
Guess what companies they were the team of Bechtel and Parsons Corp on the deal for major reconstruction projects in Iraq.
Oh right. So it's Halliburton and Bechtel and a bunch of their other asshole buddies. I just mentioned those things in passing, but I must have made them up. Stop lying.
175 votes on air. This poll deciding the future of our comedy bits hour. It's not looking too good. George 175 votes 103 say dump the comedy bits hour 72 said keep playing all comedy bits one to two.
103 to 72. You got 33 minutes and the pressure is building. Hey, it's the last mortgage. You'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are in incredible.
Zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points get the new low interest rate is just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only three hundred and thirty four bucks a month. If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a low six hundred and sixty eight bucks a month.
And don't forget once you refinance to get a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again. So call them today one eight hundred nine four oh lend.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move out of your next property without any further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero closing cost even when you move to another property.
Get the new low financing rate of just one point twenty five percent. It's the only one mortgage from financial group for details call one eight hundred nine four oh lend and never pay closing cost again.
Financial group one eight hundred nine four oh lend equal housing lender restrictions apply rate something to change monthly four point twenty one a.
P. R.
I'm a no this is course waiting for by six.
You weigh in.
Up the bus.
Up the bus.
Up the bus.
Up the bus.
The solid season big talent reduces the Saudi barbie seems our Saudi friends were upset with the old barbie since all ones named barbie are Jewish so the good patriots of that tell re designer to make party
Saudi friendly because you know the parties are our friends they like us and had nothing to do with my 11th and I think you do with my
nothing I'm not in the middle of the night.
I'm not in the middle of the night.
So to cater to our Saudi friends by sliding our tongue further up their smelly hole meet all of a barbie.
She comes complete with a sand display that let you bury her up to her neck when she fell to obey or make your offenses.
Bandar kid will yank her head off with a chain.
Oh, the heilistic company.
Bandar can sold separately the longer Jewish out of the barbie now.
He's a lingvarber eating it was Jewish you can tell it's big tell it's well 1032 at 560 WQM we have two hundred and twelve votes on there man look at that.
Yeah dump the comedy bits our 122 keep playing off comedy bits one to two 90 122 to 90 got those numbers down got it.
Okay, okay, we need some names for this the second pull that we're going to take after 11 o'clock won't well known living persons grave would you like to dance on politicians excluded for obvious reasons.
Oh, we got so far as mohawai david it absolutely.
I had one even before you brought him up who's that rush.
Oh rush limbaugh yeah and there'd be nice little drive like if you know if they bury him here locally.
That would be actually a pit in fact maybe if he keeps popping in moxies it might happen soon you never know.
Boobocks have a party put the boom box right on the tombstone a boom box coming to QAM hello.
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I would like to ask you a question about the F word.
Yeah, okay, you you probably are aware that the FCC has changed their mind on how it can be used on the air.
Yeah, have you ever discussed that? Well very briefly.
I'd like to hear your because we're not going to be using it here.
Why understand that but I'd like to hear what you think about it.
What I think about what I think about it is the FCC hasn't got any business regulating any words.
I think that all words should be allowed to be spoken at any time.
Well, but I mean in the context where not in that it no you ask me what I think about it.
That's exactly what I think about it. I have a few in the idea that a bunch of blue nose asshole right wingers.
In fact, the one guy in California wants the word asshole band as well added to the seven dirty words.
The idea that they have nothing better to do than sit around trying to dictate whether it can be used as a adjective as a verb.
What kind of crap is that man? It's stuff that even kids in a sandbox wouldn't waste their time on.
I agree with you. I think you're right. This is the kind of crap that we're up against in America.
I think your listeners would like to hear what the latest ruling is though.
We've already talked about it. I must have missed that show.
Well, the ruling is that we had to do with with Bono when he was on an award show and he said he used it as an ad.
He didn't use it to appeal to the parade interest of the audience. That was the ruling.
Yes, he said that's okay. He used as a adjective as opposed to a verb or whatever. It was a silly thing.
Have you seen lamp and yet? No. I can't find it. But I'm looking for it and have a great day.
Oh, God. 56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon.
Few gollum. That's what I say. Few VFCC. Right? Scrum.
All this crap. We're about little words. Oh, this word is going to kill you.
If there's some kids here, this word. Kids have words that we haven't even discovered yet.
Okay. We don't even know what they're talking about.
And they're worried about kids are going to hear words. See, the problem this poll today is very, very interesting.
You may not think so because it only has two choices. That's why it's interesting.
Because it doesn't give anybody an out for some kind of a cute, you know, how they like to write.
No, I hate that. This is right down the middle.
And I would give us a good answer. And this goes to show you that our audience is then near, split right down the middle.
You got people who want nothing but goofball stuff. Right? Just want a bunch of silly stuff.
Like that. Like that. Like that. And even like that.
And like that. Then you got the people who think that it's World War Seven here on a radio.
And they were going to solve all the problems of mankind. Like that first guy who all he did was do about three minutes of double talk.
I have no idea why I let him on so long. I thought maybe he was going somewhere and he was.
He was going to the dial tone. He just didn't get there soon enough.
But, you know, oh, well, he listens to rush and the shm. He's just a talk show groupie.
It's got nothing to do with here at all sides. Sir, why don't you just a minute?
And if there's one thing I cannot stand is talk show groupies back in the days when there was such a thing as talk radio,
which it doesn't exist anymore. It's done. It's history.
This isn't a talk station. It's a sports bar with a microphone that happens to have to show in the middle of it to try to, you know, make some ratings and some money,
which at least in the second part we're doing. Can you imagine if we didn't have all the live spots today?
Oh, I know.
What would we do?
Nice going, SCRUAN. Keep that revolving door going down stairs there for the sales department. Jesus Christ.
Oh, it's not going to go on a business sale. But in any rate, so the audience is almost evenly divided.
And so we try to, you know, passify everybody, which is not easy.
Oh, believe you me. It's not easy because the matter and of course being in South Florida,
even if you were to passifying everybody, it's still be bitching about.
You know, because it's it's the South Florida F and way.
Well, see, there's that word again, the fugan way.
237 votes. It's not as wapsided as you thought it was going to be from those first votes.
So you overreact. You just need jerk, man. Right.
Too much of a knee jerk or just part of that.
255 votes. 145 say dump the comedy bits out, but 110 say keep playing all comedy bits.
One to two, man. We like it. We're squeezing it while you're doing that.
And of course, we are too, because we got nothing else to do. Right.
Now what is the deal with one and two? I know.
Yeah, see there's something strange about those two lines, especially one WQAM.
Nice talking to you. Have a nice day. That was better than the first call.
WQAM hell or the second one QAM. Hello. What about drop in dead would be good.
In fact, let's get his name and put it on the list. WQAM. Hello.
WQAM. Hello. Yes.
I am sorry. I was on the speaker phone. New York nice talk.
I've been away in Colorado for a while.
Well, congratulations. This is you Steve. How you doing? Oh, God.
Come on. You know this. Me now. No, I don't.
You see what I mean? Oh, I know. I know what you mean.
It's it's a parade of chronic man. We can't even get we I gave one name for the list and you gave one and that's it.
We got a list of two so far.
I fact just on at least there there. Holy cow. Holy cow, man. It's unbelievable.
Well, you know, there's zeroing and once we get past 11 o'clock that they can this like a zero four.
They can't walk and chew gum at the same time. Man, this is huge Steve.
We want we want in fact almost intended to put his name on the list except nobody knows who that is. No.
Oh, God. What does it take to get the message to these misfits, including the ones whose name I won't mention?
Because at least we have successfully, unless you're getting faxes from those two, you know which ones I'm talking about.
Yeah. So I've tried to say just ignore them and eventually they will go away because that's all they want is attention.
Right. Oh, here's the one. Oh, Jay Simpson. I like that a lot. Oh, you'd have to you have to shove me off that tombstone.
Jerry in North Carolina. All of that North Carolina is adding to our pool. But of course South Florida is usual.
They're laying out. They're too busy making time to say what about North Carolina. It's complex.
Yeah, it's complex. All right. Here's one that says I'd like to put Martha steward on there. Oh, man.
Okay, we put Martha steward on there. Also with no disrespect to Joe Roser the moment. If you're looking for a permanent eight to ten host,
move. Shamby know you know that that's so wrong. You are so full of it. Neil and the keys. You got a good name. Neil, but change it. Please.
Move Shamby is the best out there. Realize he's a baseball commentator, but even for a little while, he should have that spot.
Guess what? He's great. He's great at a Marlins. He ought to be. He's one of the top play by play people in the country.
You ought to be like pushing at damn Dave Van Boerring out of there. Do the whole game. So he's going to be on for the Humper this afternoon.
But when it comes to doing a talk show, that's not his bag. Is that a very is that a nice way of putting it?
That's just not his thing. You know, he does got a rock and roll talk show. You know what I mean? He just it's not his name.
He doesn't say anything. He'd like to man be pamby for me. I think it was. Let's get Warren chromardi back. I vote for the Mo and Crow show.
Neil and the keys was obviously been in bivying just a wee bit too much. He's still got a little bit too much holiday cheer in his system.
152 to 119. Negatory on the one to two comedy bits are 152 to 119.
Get those votes. Pouring in there now, man, because you only got 20 minutes to be heard to make your voice count.
I'll tell you one thing. If you're if you count in the hairs left on your head because the like single digits, here's the answer for you.
Get you some new hair from Charles Alphierry. It's just amazing to me. I guess there must be a lot of money for some people in this because everybody in your brother or law now is peddling hair systems.
And they got the best looking piece and they got this and they got holes. They're going to drill in your head and they got magic pills that'll make your hair grow. It's all a bunch of crap.
The only thing you want to really get involved with is the natural hairline system from truck Alphierry because it's the best one going at any price.
It looks like real hair that's going out of your scalp. That's why it's called natural hairline system. For over 25 years now, truck's been working with the famous and not so famous making them look sensational.
The reason the famous and rich go to him is because like I said a lot of moments ago, even if he got the Zidians and dollars for no price at all, can you get a better looking piece.
And you can save an extra 200 bucks off the already reasonable price by mentioning the oranges when you call the Charles Alphierry studios.
You have nothing loose but that bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day here in tea.
After a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting lots and lots of action that keeps you like almost drained round the clock, then return it for a full refund, no problem at all.
So get yourself some hair for the new year and the rest of your life by calling Charles Alphierry and checking out that natural hairline system.
The number to call is 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413 or log under world famous website CharlesAlphierry.com.
Why in local, here's sports radio 560s, you and you AM.
And he's...
What?
Are you looking to me now?
He's back in jail, rescuing his classic hits for his latest release.
It's Glen Campbell, live from the Paracopaltoons.
I'm an old drunk cowboy.
When I can't see the lines, that's what we've been all over the world.
And by the time I find my penis, I'll be sober.
And the truth, I have a cellmate, his name's Gerald.
And the truth, I have a cellmate, his name's Gerald.
And he's back in jail, rescuing his classic hits for his latest release.
And he's back in jail, rescuing his classic hits for his latest release.
And he's back in jail, rescuing his classic hits for his latest release.
And he's back in jail, rescuing his classic hits for his latest release.
Let's get him out of here.
This part is very uneasy.
We need to check the stuntinglight.
The beautiful hero of Wesley is protected.
They're now ready to shoot Brad Bethlehem.
or ever since regent rated
head forty five at five sixty w q m so somebody
is fact is this very disturbing story from the lakeland ledger
representative canton Harris travels to wash in today to meet with winehouse
officials and other political leaders over the next two days to tell them
that she'll run for a senate seat being vacated by returning senator bobby
gram may i start your second
yes rich packed for sent this once is enough rich
thanks
sent what this story
yeah once is enough rich okay calm down
but what is with the chronic so we got to see hyperventilating there
go back to calirato okay
get yourself a bad the skiing accident
and the rich packed it jesus put it back in your pants rich and just calm down
we're not promoting your kids uh... band appearances anymore either
the service of republican said yesterday she's made her decision but feels
uh... blinds to inform others privately before nothing and he writes on
here she's running yet she's running all right the bush people are too happy
about that
because it'll be an ugly reminder of the fact that she was there
to help to two thousand election
her and uh...
to rest of the poor and jet bush in a bunch of other goym
so there you go she's going to be running
speaking of what
chances she got against that martina's guy
yes she's no speak
you got a guy named martina's is a republican and florida and you got a
win or even even he had a little body martina's rx governor
so jason from my any like sons of facts that we can't see it's a big blob so
email it jason like you offered to on the facts what is it
at the picture of uh... mow all doctored up we'd love to see it but we can't
absolutely yeah
email it to jordan molla hop on it we got a lot of work for air activity he's
working on it the bushmeister thing
case you can't let it which we uh... is horrendous
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
what what is this thing called
it's called dishonest w
the lying action figure
the area
using it
uh...
we cannot let
care
and rogan
hold this nation hostile or hold our allies hostile
we don't want to be hostile to her in a president day but then we will continue
to be
it's better those right-wingers would like to shut us up between now
November eight
gonna happen
and then going to happen
uh... three hundred and ten votes we got thirteen minutes and it's uh...
i don't know if it's not that close
on the one to two hour in the history of the comedy bits hour hundred and seventy
three
keep playing all comedy bits on one day one to two hundred and thirty seven
one seventy three and one thirty seven in fact you got the same three numbers
there
i got some good stuff here today i'm going to read
i'm sorry
here's one thing that i just do not understand man
i got a good column by carol hyson to no less
welcome to the big house of prayer
oh about that prison about governor jab in house of uh... the big house of prayer
but this one poll shows democratic race tightening there's somebody god damn polls
jesus k christ
is one pool that we talk about yesterday was the saw cnn time pool
that said bush fifty one and uh... the forty six percent was taken over the weekend now
here's another one cnn u.s.a. today calipol
between friday and monday and this one shows bush with uh... fifty nine percent
and dean with thirty seven
but the most startling thing here is the democratic contest
according to this
where the hell is it worth the numbers
a dean is got twenty five percent
and wester kark
comes out of nowhere now the city's got twenty percent
where did that come from
i didn't even participate in the i will debate on the sunday he didn't participate in the radio debate yesterday
but all of a sudden wester kark is just a zoom out of nowhere i say dean kark
now there's he said he won't take it there's also a really interesting pool at cnn took back starting in September
what that that it's it's kind of a hidden pool
if you go to their politics page whatever the end you click in the right spot which i know how you're supposed to find it
but it's got like uh... two million votes on it and one point eight when which candidate you think
a democratic candidate is the best chance of meeting bush and wester kark set like one point eight million votes
not amazing
but nobody ever talks about that pull it's like a hidden thing you have to like search for it
i heard a clinton's voted a million and a half times
what is all this stuff you're sending me stuff crap
no god
man
okay here's this other pool that we're attempting to build a day maybe this is going to go over like that
when yesterday maybe your audience is just too nice for this you think so now
what well-known living persons great well cuz we know we all know what they would like to put on
there but we don't want to do that because there's no sense of opening up a hornet's that for ourselves will be the point
what well-known living persons grave would you like to dance on politicians excluded
you got more howard david
rush limbaugh
oj Simpson and Martha Stewart
it's a very nice list
but it's pretty short five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
kubi de qaam hello
hey nil yes sir
got to have very far well in pet robberton
two good ones
i would like to be a maybe we could have a side by each funeral
they can both in a couple before they didn't push them up a building
all right sounds good to me all right
cuz the lord told pet robberton bush is gonna win in a blowout that's another thing we had that
story on before anybody else then all of a sudden there was uh they were even talking about it
this morning jack what's in it can't be there on CNN i talked about that on friday
that first guy or the second guy the first one was a great caller but that second one after the
break he was unbelievable pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop i just a lot of herbid you know
kind of like pd linny said a lot of words but didn't really say anything
jerry and putty disprings fact sheet and says i'd like oh and this is a very good one jerry
see the fact shoes are coming up with a good stuff that they have the callers
what have i always told you about the callers and especially now that in the new year we're
you know we're devoted taking millions and millions of calls every day i mean zillions
what i'm i'm serious one of them they want phone calls baby they want good calls they want bad
calls they want assholes that that's it but you want we're gonna give it to you
you know what i mean check it out he's not coming back by the way yeah he ain't coming back
no can't know i think about that thing with a beast in Miguel man talk about a couple of rocket
scientists what what kind of nonsense is that what the what do we have to do with the fact that he
got himself fired it's a frost my ass it really pisses me off the more i think about it there
was only one person that could have saved his job and that was him that's the truth
the guy even even the stuff even as far as he pushed it he still was only gonna get suspended
for a couple of days one of which he was gonna take off to look for another job which they knew
and instead of that it's like hey stick it up your ass you know and all that crap
so we got himself canned and like we're supposed to pay all of us on QA so it was to pay a wicked
crime for it you know call up Greg Read and bitch him out anyway juries i'd like to suggest
and colder for your dance on the grave pull when she comes on the screen my skin begins to crawl
i think she qualifies absolutely she's not a politician yet as far as your first pull goes
i vote to dump the one to two comedy bits i do turn the show off the one p.m. on Wednesdays i
love the comedy bits as a leading after the breaks but one hour is just straight is just too much
thank you jury i think you're gonna win all the way around he's a good factor yes he is three
hundred and forty eight votes we got seven minutes to go you better hop on there right now
starting today Wednesday jayne wary seventh the first day of the rest of your life or whatever
that is during the one to two hour kneel should dump the comedy bits hour hundred ninety six
keep playing all comedy bits hundred and fifty two i mean it's not you're not gonna catch up
your it's lost i know because i know which one but but the bottom line is it's uh it shows you
that incredible division there you got the division between the people who want to hear like life
and death and an of the division between that crowd right i'm saying that's right and that crowd too
they haven't voted yet w.a.m. hello q.a.m. hello q.a.m. yes sir kneel speaking hey uh one for the
poll no uh okay hello riley is it excellent one excellent and and and also i just like to say i
mean once and for all for well shocked i never liked that guy okay i don't know i didn't see the talent
there no so these people need to get over it yeah that that's very well putman they need to get
over it and coming back with the they are they're hated i mean they've got himself can he's in
Chicago now he's got man cow disease and he ain't coming back and life has to go on you know
life's life is going on thank god he's gone thanks a lot pali have a great day there's some guy who
didn't like him i mean there are a lot of people did like him and uh you know we can argue about it
and cry over spilt milk for the rest of the time i'm not gonna do it it's pointless anyway i'm not
gonna do it i guess i guess there's a segment of the audience here is things that we all should have
just walked out until they brought them back but the problem being that a lot of us knew a lot of
things that you people don't know say that's one of the problems with the audience on uh so-called
talk stations is that they think that they know something now the people listen to this show they do
get to the here a lot more because we talk about a lot of inside stuff but they still only know a
fraction because if a lot of things for obvious reasons that we can't talk about that's right we
dance and sing what he's talking about what do you mean name something no you name something
no yeah what well-known living person's grave would you like to dance on politicians excluded
i got a good one how about Greg Reed all right oh yes with a grief that he's uh you know when he
when he changed the time of this show i don't want to go through it again they know what i'm thinking
that was so outrageous and so outlandish and the fact that moth and the clearance there are a
couple of real weakling weak sisters man he talked about the original weak sisters that's them
what are they gonna say the fact that they sat back and allowed that allowed it as if as if they
have any power which they don't between the two of them either well there's not even a half a nut
360 votes 201 negative on a comedy but it's our 150 nine safe keep it please
now looking to promising with five minutes to go man looking pretty good a grim w-d-q-a-m
hey it's just like the name for that lift if i go ahead who is it this is Barry yeah
yeah one is named once in that list what's the name here how it's turned how it's turned okay you want to
dance and uh you and boba booby can dance on it yeah it loves to thanks a lot Barry have a great day
all right you too i'll try sunny shine it's about a hundred below zero it's beautiful it's one of those
picture postcard kind of days in Toronto that's the weather for you just in case podcaster ovis
listen and by the way words your audience disappeared too too i guess you don't have no
speaks less than either huh no you just wait till a week from friday boy that's the big day when
that fall book comes on and we're gonna be in tears that's okay it had to happen sooner or later
right right sooner or later we had to get the dethrone it gets a little old even Elvis got her to
hang it on the throne seven four votes before as we go into the break three seventy four on i wanted
two hour two eleven say Schmidt can it 163 say keep it please please don't just wait we switch
pretty please my phone was just ringing i'm sure that's Eric asking for a confirmation about when
we're switching this thing we're switching at eleven o'clock after i uh i'll print it out at eleven o'clock
and right when little hand hits the big hand you can squeeze it out print it out ten fifty seven at
five sixty w.w.c.m. get out of the house and get out of the kitchen head for the animal coast
Chinese buffet the number one Asian buffet in the universe they can really do a great number for
you in fact if you have a little gang to take over there no problem at all they can accommodate
groups you'll hold a bunch of people even that's right and maybe even bigger start out your
mouthwatering eating experience with all kinds of different delicious soups like wanton and egg
drop and uh... hot and sour and all six different soups you can try dozens of succulent entrees to
suck on New York strip made of order with their sizzling Asian grill their brand new sea
blue say Jacques enjoy oysters on a half-shell every night and there's a laskin stone crab middle-neck
clams jumbo shrimp scampi and now for the first time steamed main lobster on the weekends if you have
any room left in your big pup example their hand-carved prime rib and the new week tie specialties
and the animal coast like i've been telling you for about a zid in years now
you'll walk out with a big smile on your push a happy stomach and no headache because they don't
use any crap in a cooking no msg no cornstarch they cook only with cholesterol for your oils
the buffet features a full salad bar the new sushi bar first-room cocktail and they've got a
gigantic dessert station for your real pigs out there because they got Belgian waffles pies cakes
ice cream with all your favorite toppings pastries even fresh root like watermelon maybe having too
animal coast relocations there in sunrise pine island of 44th Street they're on Collins Avenue
just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and also you find with the intersection of flamingo and
pember grotes in pember pies so take the old family take the whole gang from the orifice or
wherever for real feast at the animal coast Chinese but they let them do the cooking for you
take out and deliver available as well column at nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two
nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two next time you want a real feast a real
take out this is the place you got to try the animal coast Chinese buffet
you fudge back in
but
and that really
helped me pick up girls oh my
i'm going to be in front of the throne in front of the throne
in the quiz never heard the rolling stores i'm glad that i out there fried and chose
i'll be a nice forever he's rich
rich and he's a that clever i'll be a nice forever
i can't wait for the sword to hit my skull i'll be a nice forever
it won't happen to the god from just we'll tell him i'll be a nice forever
even on my knees for queen before a queen before
except for that time is three open before fifty four fifty four and all my life i'll be a nice forever
they'll call me sir
i'll be a nice forever
level 020560 wdcw and the bush doll is up on our website now on your roger's dot com is a
must believe you me once you start playing with that you don't be able to put it back in your
pants it's it's a beautiful thing and if you're a month something to munch on too you can grab
some of the impressors that the president keeps puking out there's an infinite supply and it's a
little snack for you and unlimited supply just keep popping it i just had a brilliant idea like a
he has the spencer with his head on it that's not a bad idea you could pop pez out of his mouth
anyway check it out now i'm looking at the new pool is up there and we got a couple of more
suggestions we got the rosanne bar and mike Tyson which sound excellent to me which one on
living persons grave other than a politician's excluded would you like to dance on
to a little kazansky on maybe do the twist we got uh and culture mohauer david and rush limbaugh
each have one i voted of course for moh because i don't want to let my buddy down you must have
voted for rush i haven't voted yet but i don't really then who voted for and quarter and rush
limbaugh i'm about to vote for rush somebody must have hopped in there real quick well why is that
just because he got drunk in naples oh you mean rush limbaugh although you know that
five six seven oh five sixteen now what is this the new and improved mp3 show archives also are done
thanks Eric you're the best baby even though you used to be real pain in the ass
look at the way he's performed himself how it goes to show you i mean if people if pete rose
would just uh you know take a look at our Eric cup in Orlando as an example he could like rehab
but he rose doesn't want to i'll p rose wants to do a sell a bunch of books and signed autographed
baseballs in paraphernalia and get more money to gamble with that's all he wants that's what it's
all about speaking of the website and things for it jayson has to again jason bless your heart
hor hay at wqam.com or hor hay at nil rogers.com don't send an email to the wqam website
um under niels name as if yeah that link is supposed to have been uh that's was supposed to
been removed not the link but the uh the ability the email that was supposed to have been disabled
to go and be there but they won't do it because that requires a whole bunch of song and dance
with it or in naples by corporate it's so stupid man everything goes back to bob vermuth they have
to have their hands on everything over there in naples because god forbid we might do something like
pornographic on this show or something evil or whatever the hell you know there's such a bunch
of goody two shoes. Not necessarily that i bring we ought to bring for well back just to piss them off
anyway this is a good idea at p. rose i was thinking about this earlier that would be like
piling on but why did i not he's a lion sack of crap i despise him man he was a great ball player
that's fine you know maybe Hitler played a violin real well too i don't know i mean everybody does
something well but in the bottom line is he's a scumbag p. rose so what says please put him on
your destroy is no longer relevant who cares exactly Larry and Arcadia good going Larry you're right
who gives a flying crap gross to show you i mean you know there's nothing else going on in the world
of any importance right so all in the speaking of important stories michael jackson had to return
his passport today he'll pass a port no yeah well he never did make that trip to england they didn't
want them there anyway he was too busy um having a party in his pants five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eight t and t and for eyes of mara's line only eight votes on his new pool
maybe they haven't got their name on her yet the one that they're looking for that shocks me or
maybe they're looking to find some illegal aliens that take the higher real cheap now that they're
all legal the president says oh yeah and this the for millions of illegal immigrants that's a very
republican concept you betcha because it makes nice cheap labor for all their friends in big business
so used to be here illegally but guess what we're going to wave our magic wand i'm waiting to hear
there you go and all of a sudden illegal is legal all right yeah because we like that cheap labor
for all our good buddies well that he's chipping the jobs overseas is is more expensive than
just giving them to illegal right here giving the people a job away and of course it looks a lot
better like we're creating jobs here 32 votes rush limbaugh they'd like to dance on your grave rush
pop up a couple more oh j simpson eight mohauer david five i think we finally found a pool that
moh can't even compete in you know he's only got five and culture three he's up against some
pretty stiff competition one prepared Robertson and none yet for four well or rally Greg Reed Howard
Stern rose and viral Mike Tyson i guarantee there'll be some closet people in the building vote for
Greg very surreptitiously they know they'll crawl around somewhere find a computer hop on it
now this sideways writing for minutes is scared me because i'm reluctant to hear your bedtime story
that you were one and two on Wednesday let's do so hate your stories are the ones who want bush
shard to win keep the pressure on says anthony oh and this is from really anthony are you make
him friend thank you anthony he likes the bedtime stories well we just can't afford to overdo it
because we can't he brings up a point instead of it's a bit say the bedtime story no for one's day
i don't i don't like predictable things that that was all the mistakes with that one to do i don't
like you're right well this hour we're going to do this and this hour i'll have George speaking
as fun you all and this hour we'll have a Josh sitting in there picking his nose and he's like that's
grande yummy no no i like being unpredictable let's see a lary king that's that's a good one
lot of people would love to snap his suspenders as they were dancing on his grave uh-huh
rocio donnell that big fat bull die they'd love to dance on that piano case rocio donnell
let's see this Carl Rove County's not an elected or appointed politician uh-huh he's a politician
i mean not that i have any uh what about Bob Novak what about him let's stick him on there huh
good old lying sack of crack Bob Novak who never met a CIA agent that he didn't want to out if
it was uh politically good for the right way you notice that investigations really coming along good
you notice that they are really working on that feverishly anyway here was the first result i
got bad news for a George i'm sure you probably took a while whatever i uh i guess Eric
finally schmitcandy about a minute or two after eleven four hundred and one votes in an hour
that's not too shabby i can remember back in the uh early days when we used to take when we started
with the uh website mm-hmm i wonder if Eric has kept those i'd love to know what we had on the first
the first couple of weeks the first month or two that we started taking polls i bet you we didn't
get four hundred and one of the votes at a whole week maybe right now right right we get in an hour
now that's what we're on we get how many we get when you're on but third man no come on
four hundred and one votes two hundred and twenty six that's fifty six point three percent said
drop the comedy bits hour oh christ so like i said we got to order the audience i just dropped it
hundred seventy five those said keep playing all comedy bits in that our pleas two twenty six to one
seventy five fifty six point three percent to forty three point six percent twenty five fifty one
vote margin still pretty tight compared to what you thought it was going to be because it was
like twenty nine to twenty three right off the bat in fact what was the margin twenty five fifty
one see so wouldn't have been for that early thing it would have been nip and tuck nose to nose
it would have been really really tight better than britain's butt
there's a there's a thought i pined me every course mine for the day huh and that guy i want to
say it again he is so freaking ugly if you say the list of what ears are bigger than his head
yeah he has just like a bag dumbled that's right they stick up over the top of the top
a little bit fly away but the pictures don't really do his ugly and his justice they really don't
he looks fairly human his injustice but man oh man if you saw that thing on tv yesterday where
they were actually talking about he was moving you know like a living person it was a scary he
definitely was auditioning for porkeys and so you know i still believe it was just another publicity
stunt and more you know because he's losing out to christina now you know christina's passing her
in popularity and her album isn't selling for crap and so now the she's becoming like mariah
carry you know why won't anybody buy my music oh yeah because you can't sing that's probably a good
reason i'll at least she looks good as a player mariah with at one big gigantic breasted in the
reverse chest but hey mariah we know you're a bull bike that's number one and number two you can't
sing other than that you're great and you're an annoying bitch on top of that and Louise McGell still
ain't interested yeah but you forgot about her acting yeah that's really good i i'm almost
tempted to put her on that list you know i i'm gonna put her on the list mariah carry she won't
get any votes and i can't change my vote now but i i'm putting her on her anyway she bugs me
hey mariah i'll do a little tap dance on your grave i'll be the one
rushes got 27 politicians excluded what well known living persons grave would you love to dance on
rush 27 oj 15 pat Robertson 11 and colder ten Moe is only got nine i told you he's in a minor
leagues when it comes to this crowd jury fall well five bill or i'll eat three Greg reeds got two
nice going oh man i bet you josh was one of those just a joke just a joke just calm down i know he
needs the job it's just a joke i think he did it Greg reeds got two rose and bar one my Tyson one
Pete rose one maybe beater boy sneak back in and he voted oh yeah uh howard stirrin Larry
king rose your Donald pop no back don't have any other the first eighty five votes well there is
some heavy duty stuff going on here you know what and don't forget to go to even if you don't even
just like that one guy if you don't care about our bedtime stories on the website if you don't want
to read him either you're too stupid or you're too much too smart for us you already know all that
stuff uh still go on there and take a look at that bush thing man that is so beautiful
that is even the bush liquors well except the ones that don't have any sense of humor like
i said the bush people won't like it because they don't have any sense of humor i mean when it came
to the Clintons man around gorg right you know nothing was too good we couldn't play all the
Clintons bits enough time so you can laugh at our own people and believe me they deserve it
like wooden al Gore for example or for landering bubble all of these things had drunken
paid Kennedy we can laugh at our own people but boy if you make fun of the republicans man you're
it's disrespectful neo you're too partisan yeah and as far as those people are concerned screw them
anyway dishonest w lying action figure it's it's just a beautiful thing i'm so motivated to actually
got my little speaker over here so i could play the yeah kicking the pretzels out and every time
you're president see it's it's got like a stoplight it's got blue green red and yellow buttons
and every time you press a button like if you want to hear a lie from the president
today the world is safer yeah there's one or if you wanted to say something stupid
free and secure and peaceful iraq a pn's prince
enormous historic way of impact a pn's friance which is what we all have been hoping for all of our
lives is a pn's friance or if you want to change the opportunities we're in from that the
ti gorge to there you go to prison gorge to uh i like the straights uh as a jacket there
yeah the straight jacket one like sure it non-passion with the cinch sack strat and then of course
is the one with that first brother sooty looks like reg read or if you want to see him choke it
on the pretzel there you go but the good news is he spits him out i didn't i didn't realize
that whatever garb you have him in he still has that uh on when he's puking off the pretzels see
oh yeah you gotta see this baby try it you'll be playing with it all day and then uh
uh bush thing too my love this is four three oh five sixty one way and you weigh him
uh the who the wonderful thing are raw it's way at a tasty hand they said i was trying to save
a book that i wanted it had instead because you want to be up me f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f oh the wonderful thing about royal boy is now here you cut up now raw
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
We're going to be in the next episode.
The bad news is though, if you tuned in late, the Humper is illan.
He's got the bad flu. He's got the flu and the crabs and the whatever goes with it.
And so the booster will be on again, four to six forty five.
Luckily for Boog, it's a short shift because you got Hurricane Warmup, six forty five.
Hurricane's in North Carolina, basketball seven o'clock tonight.
Hurricane's in North Carolina, basketball seven o'clock tonight.
How many people will be listening to that?
About 30 men.
Any K after the basketball game, Joe and Mark were their highly popular show overnight.
And then after that, got only nose.
Five six seven o five sixty.
This line two is a little bit strange too.
Why is it that when I punched those up the dial tone sound like so hollow?
Is there a reason for that?
It is a different strange sounding tone.
Yeah, lately it's been sabotaged, everything.
Probably the CIA tap.
Probably bechtel doing something about it.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, the meal.
Yes sir.
Hey, how's it going?
All right.
All right.
Hey, sign over.
I don't know if you saw last Sunday, there's something shoes, women's shoes.
And in the corner of the atom, each picture of the shoe, it says security friendly.
It's got a little airplane on it.
That's great.
Don't you love it?
I do love it.
All right, I'll see you around then.
I'll see you around it.
I'll put those pumps in there.
Anyway, that's great.
Security friendly.
We had a little thing.
That inspires me for a whole line of products that you can walk right through the air.
Close that you can see all the way through so they can see that you're not hiding anything.
Today is coming when they do have those machines where they like,
and they're going to say, well, we've tried everything else and it just doesn't work.
They're still getting all these instruments through.
And so we're just going to have those extra machines.
They got them. They have them.
They've got them. They're just not using me yet because they know that people are going to start getting into brawls and fistfights.
When I walk through there and they start like laughing.
And they're like, you know, and saying,
You call that a penis?
Well, you saw my computer.
Take it now. You got a barrier.
56670560, pound 560 on you.
Oh, and speaking of products, I mentioned yesterday and I got a sidetracked.
Not that it's a big deal because I don't know that much about them, but I was so shocked and seeing that.
Somebody spot with the Atkins.
Oh, I probably saw that. Yes.
Yeah. And they got like the Atkins symbol there.
See, now that he's croaked, you're right.
All those people who inherited his outfit, their money machine.
Right. Now they're really cranking it up big time.
So you're going to be Atkins to death pretty soon.
I'm telling you that. It's just you're going to have Atkins coming out of your ass.
Because especially.
Especially to eat those bars.
Oh, God.
But yeah, and they got rats.
Now what I'm curious about is what are they wrapping it with?
Because the rats have got to have like carbs in it because it's like a form of, like a tortilla.
Right. It's a brown right in grain.
So I'm really curious what that's all about.
They look okay. They look pretty good.
It's very, very nice. They look like a crap that you get from some way.
Somebody will let us know.
Rush Limbaugh, 47 people were like to dance on your grave so far.
Rush, they love it.
OJ Simpson, 31.
And colder, 20.
Pat Robertson, 17 is tied with Mo.
The two of them that can't separate him with a shoehorn.
Jerry Falwell, 9 below, Raleigh, 7. Greg, read 5.
Rosie, 4. Mike Tyson, 3.
Two for Howard Spurm, two for Roseanne Bar, one for a two for Pete Rose, one for Bob Novak,
and none yet for Mariah Carey or Larry King out of 180 votes.
WDQAM.
Happy Wednesday, not there. WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I think I got one through your poll.
All right.
You know that bitch that went up to, she bust all those kids up there in Tallahassee to see Jeb,
and he wasn't even there. She was worse than a stupid hat.
No.
I don't know her name.
Uh...
I thought she's called a fucking bitch.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh...
Maybe somebody will know her name.
I haven't got any idea who you're talking about or what.
Yeah, she was really stupid hat. She bust all those kids up and there.
She wasn't even there.
Somebody will know him, man.
All right.
Thanks.
Bye.
Anybody knows the bitch that wears the stupid hat that busts a bunch of kids up to see to go and her please call him.
What?
Did that guy...
He did that thing.
Remember that?
Oh yeah, I know the one.
Who used to wear those pointed shoes the ones that had the airplane in the corner?
You got a vote brown and a top and a head leather on the bottom?
He used to wear white bucks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous Line.
I think one of the things we ought to ban is any more discussion on this radio station about Pete Rose.
I don't hear the...
What?
Sorry.
I mean, Joe Rose is fine, but Pete Rose is ban.
No moss, Tomas.
No moss with his Pete Rose crap.
Okay.
The one guy that called it or the facts was right.
Talk about old news.
Talk about stale halva.
Enough already with that asshole.
You're a liar.
You're a scumbag.
We are never going to talk to you about you again until we got some good material on you.
Piece of crap.
What a...
Oh, this makes my skin crawl.
Now over the years there were some interesting people that came to Pomphano Park.
Jackie Gleason used to go there and sit up right by the window in the clubhouse and demand to be left alone, which I don't blame him.
He was a big harness raising fan.
And then one night Kenny Rogers was there, set like right across from me.
Yeah.
But you know this is okay.
We don't have anything against him.
No, no, no problem at all.
So he liked both sex.
He makes chicken chicken.
And Jim Leeland, the former manager of the Marlon, sat behind me.
Seven table right behind me.
He liked to plunge a little bit here and there.
But it does were good guys.
You know, I mean, just because somebody's in sports doesn't mean that they don't like to go to the ponies here every now and then.
Right?
Right.
Even like gay Edgar Hoover, he liked it.
And the race is too.
Well, how would you like to have a scam like that?
They used to give them all the info on fixed races.
And if he lost, they would reimburson for his ticket.
Hey, a thick fineberg at Steve Wolf.
I'll listen to the popular park.
When I come back to town, I want that kind of a deal.
I'm going to plunge my guts out.
The only thing is if I lose, I want my money back.
I would love to have that kind of a deal.
27 past 11 at 560 WQM.
If your car has got problems, baby, just don't trust it to any stranger from the phone book or anybody in the newspaper.
Because God only knows what they're going to do to it.
Take it to people you can really trust in other stuff inside and out.
EF tire and auto repair.
You'll find them at 5083 North Federal Highway, just a mile and a half north of San
Parode in Pompeno Beach.
And EF tire and auto repair experience, the difference that experience makes because they re-know their stuff.
All EF mechanics are certified technicians, ASC certified, current with all the latest technology.
And most of them with the EF team for almost 20 long, amazing years.
The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience.
And no job is too big or too small, EF from a blown fuse to a blown engine from a 73 to 80 and an 0-04 Bentley.
Tomorrow those real spiffy new 05 Corvette's all been.
Do you think I'd get one of those?
Sure, why not get two?
EF tire and auto repair does it all.
All jobs meticulously double check for accuracy by the shop forming an air-vee car is cleaned upon completion of the work.
EF tire is most extended warranties and offers you wide-of-weight service on most repairs.
And if you mention Bob Eisenberg when you go into the Lathair ASA.
EF tire and auto repair, they're at 5083 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach.
Call 954-4269926.
That's 954-4269926.
Be sure to ask about their 90 days same as cash, no interest credit card when you talk to our friends.
EF as well.
EF tire and auto repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful auto repair facilities anywhere in the entire US of A.
EF their motto is nobody cares, more and nobody works harder to earn your business.
5 and a local, this is 560.
The radio's all yours now.
QAM.
Thank you, too.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music biography profile story.
They rocketed up the pop charts when their song got played on an episode of Family Ties.
Jesus, talk about the zero f****** street credibility.
They were Billy Vera and The Beatles.
Do you think I would give at this moment?
Oh my god, who could forget that classic episode of Family Ties when Allison Ellen danced to that song?
I know, I'll never forget it. I also know I'm so gay.
This reaction was typical of the 80s geeks who spoke to us about their favorite show.
But how does Billy Vera feel about achieving fame through a one-time shot on a sitcom?
Oh my god, who could forget that classic episode of Family Ties when Allison Ellen danced to that song?
I know, I'll never forget it.
Wait. Why are you looking at me like that?
The song, at this moment, was actually recorded six years before it gained popularity on Family Ties.
Why the delay in the song's success?
Well, I didn't want to change the original name of the band. I wanted to be cutting edge.
Under pressure from his record label, Billy finally called his band, The Beatles.
Yeah, I regretted to this day. I thought Billy Vera and the compulsive masterbaders had a really bitch-in-field to it.
Inside the behind it hoped to contact the now famous stars of Family Ties to ask about their impressions of Billy and the handjobs.
Yeah, The Beatles. But Michael J. Fox, Courtney Cox, and Justine Bateman refused to talk to us.
Tina, the others, however, needed the money.
What the fuck song are you talking about? I don't remember any song.
Won't you gonna pay me and be a you fuck-tools?
Billy Vera and The Beatles. If Tina, the others, has forgotten you, you're pretty much done.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing-wint-look-a-cho business. Tonight, on Inside the Behind.
1133-27 Till noon, the mad dog, you two, the booster for the eiling hunker for the load at 4 this afternoon.
We're gonna keep our eye on that situation. Get yourself straight now, Hank, okay? I don't do funerals.
Rush Limbaugh, though, unless it's there to like dance on the grave as soon as they put the thing in the ground.
Rush 59, OJ 37, encoder 24, Moe Howard, David at 21, Pat Robertson, 21. Here you fall, well 12 and Bill or Ryde 10.
Everybody else, small, pathetic, single digits. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
In a minute or two, I got an article. Remember the call we had yesterday that was giving me a song to dance about?
Well, you know, I read that great column by William Rivers Pitt about Bush knew.
And then this asshole said, well, if you're gonna read that, well, how come Clinton didn't do anything out of your day?
And of course, we try to tell him what really happened in those eight years. But he didn't want to be bothered by the truth.
But this article by Tom Hartman in common dreams.org says it so well.
He's an award-winning best sounding author, both nonfiction books and novels, including two that were optioned for Hollywood production.
Tom Hartman and no relation to Mary. I'll get to it.
Tell me the Q.A.M.
Jorge, I want to talk to the man.
The man? The man.
Want to talk to the man, dog? The hunter? The hunter?
I'd like to vote.
Oh, go ahead, sir. Go right ahead.
Rick Sanchez.
Oh, Rick Sanchez is excellent. He'll do well.
Thank you.
Thank you so much. Which is gracious.
Was that Elvis?
That was him, wasn't it?
That sounded just like him. He sounded like he had a peanut butter and anter sandwich right in his push.
Rick Sanchez, a lot of people would like to dance. They don't want to watch your TV show Rick,
but they'd love to dance in your grave. And by the way, the guy you're hitting in front of the state of me is still dead.
You know something? Have we? I don't know if we've ever done that pull.
That's a pull that comes to mind for like tomorrow.
Set the most dislike. Now, I guess we've done that.
Local media. Yeah.
I think we have done that the most dislike local media person of all time.
I don't think we've done that because I'm thinking of Greg Budell.
Ooh.
So I know we haven't done that.
Well, we've done what?
You can work on the list tonight because you'll know all these names.
Oh, yeah.
And then what do we do tomorrow?
Let them let them.
I'm trying to give you a little instruction here.
Okay, don't make the whole list up ahead of time.
Then you're going to be sitting twiddling your thumbs for four hours talking to chamba.
You know, that's all you're going to have.
Don't like today. I started out with one name.
And now we got two four six eight ten twelve fourteen sixteen.
And now we got eighteen and still long way to go.
See? I started with one you stuck one on here and then in their audiences.
They got to feel constructive like they're doing something.
If you tune it late by the way, it's being a constructive.
A very, very significant day in the history of this radio station and this program.
And you can bet your bottom dollar that muffin clearance,
even though they're both too chicken-shmit to say it.
They're delighted that we're not doing that one.
It took comedy.
It's a, you know, and also Greg.
Oh, he's too stupid to understand it.
But I guarantee you they're pretty happy about it.
Oh, gee, all the money we're paying him and he's paying comedy.
It's an hour a week. The only half four hours is a five days a week.
Yeah.
I got news for you when you get to be a hundred years old like me.
Just be glad you can sit down here and your teeth are still in your mouth.
God.
There is nothing worse than getting old.
Okay.
I'm sure there's something.
Yeah, I'll tell you.
I think it was worse than getting old. That's not getting old.
Stopping getting old.
Yeah.
Stopping a clock a little bit abruptly, not too good.
Just ask Johnny Cash. Well, he got old.
225 votes on a poll.
Rush Limbaugh, 64, OJ 41 and quarter 25.
Moe and Pat Robertson.
You can't separate a man.
They're neck and neck.
Knows to know.
Absolutely.
21 a piece.
Go to QA him.
Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Oh, it's not a boom.
You see what I mean about your people, man.
Yeah.
How many Chalupas?
He's been suckered on too many Chalupas that guy.
W.
One of those Wally Pops.
What was that?
Trooper Choups.
Trooper Choups.
WQM. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I got a good name for you.
Okay.
The biggest loser gone, George W.
Palatism's excluded, sir.
Let me say it again.
Oh, God.
One well-known living person's grave.
When you love the dance on, politicians excluded.
Let me say it again.
Let me explain it.
I'm sure the sky will good intentions.
And I'm sure that his suggestion there would win hands down.
Would race away from everybody in the pool.
We are going to do that for obvious reasons.
No.
Because some right wing assholes out there
would like to try to manipulate it into such a thing is that,
wow, you know, they're talking about the president dying.
And you just don't do that.
Right.
We'll have to beat around the bush.
Right.
Uh-oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
If you want to like beat up on bush a little bit, just look on our website.
You'll have plenty of chance to punch his buttons, okay?
Watch him puke them pretzels out.
Oh, turn my speakers off.
I don't want you into clicks, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But you can do some too.
You can do the stereo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, I want to take it with you.
He's got to be spat out a whole bag of pretzels.
I'm just on my computer.
I'll tell you that.
They need a handheld PDA version of this.
I can do it on my phone.
Oh, this is a fabulous thing.
Okay.
Talk about keeping people off the streets.
It kills a really good time.
Oh, believe you me.
Once you get started with this thing, you won't be able to stop.
It's more fun than your penis.
I guarantee you that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Rick Sanch has got his honor yet.
I didn't look.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
He's got to hold already.
You just wait, man.
He's going to make a move.
You'll see.
You'll be able to smell it right where you're sitting.
Can you imagine Rick Sanch has farting?
It just dawned on me.
No, thank you.
Oh, God.
Really never did until now.
Oh, holy moly.
I don't know why it is, but there are just certain people.
The only person who I think who might emit even more fragrant aroma
would have been Celia Cruz.
The big bull-dike, the drag queen, whatever it was.
Can you imagine Celia cutting a big one in the elevator?
Hmm.
I did that yesterday.
My luck.
I punch up the elevator.
I'm hoping.
I hope nobody's on there.
Nice young lady is on there.
Oh, well, I mean, it was just like the vapor trails the end-ass end of it, so to speak.
You know, the rest of it I left in the hallway.
But I'm sure I brought some on there with me.
Let's hang in there.
Yeah.
It was hanging in the air.
And she just didn't record it very politely, but I can see her nose like scratching up a little bit.
21 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
Let me tell you about a place where you can have a great time.
Pete Rose used to go there.
Had a big pile of bills stacked up on his table or $100 bills.
And he was still an asshole.
Trust me.
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pompa-Dopark Racing and Cardroom has got all
the plunging action you want, and it's all legal, too.
Located just a half mile from both I-95 and the Florida Turnpike, Pompa-Dopark is easy to get to.
And best of all, Pompa-Dopark features free admission and free general parking every day.
You can plunge in Don Brader till your wallet is empty.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Like poker starts at noon, noon to midnight, and live racing gets underway nightly.
7.05.
Five nights a week including tonight.
Every Monday night there's $2 for $25 dinner specials in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor.
Every Wednesday, like tonight, it's $1 night at Poppano Park for $1 draft beers,
so does Hot Dogs and lots more.
Every Thursday night, it's ladies night of track 2 for 1 drink specials just for the ladies.
Also every night at the fourth floor players room there's a 7.95 plated dinner special.
Also there'll be a special tribute on Monday, January 19th, honoring Martin Luther King, Jr.
with one race featuring African American drivers only plus the annual Lou Williams Memorial race.
Now, I will be there for that, and I hope that fat Rich is listening right now,
because when the drivers from Cleveland, for example, when Randy Tharps is driving,
and if he wins that race, don't say, the schmoo beat me out, it's not a good idea.
Poppano Park is also open seven days and nights a week featuring the best in harness,
thermo and highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and punch your guts out.
Poppano Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race scheduled
you can go online at PoppanoPark.com or make that call 954-972-2000.
Don't forget, poker starts at noon today, post-tipin' the first live race,
705-2-night at Poppano Park.
We're sports radio 5c-C-A-M.
Up the bus for the Sunroof.
On the next Queer Eye, the Fuku 5 does send up Miami Beach where they blend right in,
and pay a special surprise visit to Mad Drive.
Here we are!
Oh, hi!
Come in, want to?
What do you think?
Nothing for us to do here.
Look, sign, palis.
Let's go.
Wait a second, what's this?
Blow up, doll.
I never saw a blow up doll of an old-sat Jew before.
Oh, I forgot to put that away.
Who's supposed to be?
Nothing really, it's just a blow up doll, Neil Rogers.
It's all too much.
Sayonara, lady boy.
It's 11.44.16 till noon, and I'm reading this from Hector and Miami.
Yeah, this is having a hard time with your new pool.
Can't decide who's great, but I like to dance on.
Think about it, I could start writing off name after name of every Suffolk randomizing person
who would pose to themselves on our lives.
Out of regular bases to wit.
Madonna, pompous pseudo-accented bitch.
Do we want to put Madonna on there?
She's on too many other pools.
Michael Jackson ought to be on there, shouldn't it?
Don't know.
Michael Jackson ought to be on there, he'll zoom up that list.
How about Annen Nicole?
Annen Nicole is good?
Okay, I'm writing.
And then it says Michael Steif.
Michael Steif tries to impose his political views and believes he has to do so simply
because he's written a song or two.
What kind of crap is that, Hector?
Well, we can see where Hector's coming from.
Moby, see Michael Steif.
So in other words, anybody who's the left of a till about hum can't, the right music and can't sing a song.
I guess everybody's got to be like, what's his name?
You're Toby Keith.
Right.
And while I'm at it, how about Hannahway Jane and the slip-ted Turner in there while we're at it?
See, Samuel, Hannahway Jane.
We've turned down.
How's it?
Right, by the way.
What?
Yeah, nice pattern.
Hector.
Yeah.
Then he says, I think you can see where I'm going with this.
I'll let you decide which of any of these folks.
Yeah, I see where you're going.
Way off to the right, Hector.
Grab on real tight.
You're going to fall off the right end of the earth because it is flat.
PS, Ed Don King, for trying to act as a philanthropist with his stupid line in Lauderdale.
His line isn't in Lauderdale, by the way.
Hector, another mistake.
It's in Palm Beach.
Lauderdale is another bunch of goofballs.
What a great back, Hector.
Not.
Oh, it got my own scratcher.
I'm sure they can be improvements on that.
I nominated, oh yeah, here you go.
This is good misfudge.
Let's get Matt Rudge on there for sure.
We don't want to get what's your name all upset, your close girlfriend, the Lynn Samuels.
Oh, the self-hating Fag misfudge.
The moment of the creamy center, it says.
Neil, isn't the way you have to sense self-sensiveness pull a sad commentary?
Well, I mean, it's just a question of, you know, using some common sense.
So what we have to sense here, everything like that kind of leasabit is very, very sad.
But, you know, you either can do the things that you know you have to do, or you can get yourself fired and be off the air and be out on the street.
I mean, that's what it boils down to.
I'm not saying I subscribed to it, like they got to want it to get into a long-sought an answer about the F word in the FCC.
Just the way it is, man.
You do your best to try to change things, but you still have to operate within the, you know, like if you're out in the highway and you say,
oh, I think this road is so big and expansive. I think the speed limit here ought to be 90. I'm going to go 90.
All right.
Well, see, how come you pulled me over?
It says the choice everybody wants, can it or not never even be spoken for fear of the goon squad kicking in the door.
Personally, I think it would be a bad choice. We'd still get dicked anyway, but I'd like to live in a country where I could speak my mind like you do.
Okay?
Oh, look at this list.
Oh, this is from this is from Bill who writes like one word at a time, isn't it? Arthur.
Oh, is it really from Arthur? Well, Arthur must be a copying Bill's techniques.
Sean Hannity.
We're going to put all these on here.
Let's not.
Now Carl wrote, well, why not?
Not all.
We're not going to put Barbara Bush on there. That's bad. Carl Roe was political.
Newt Gingrich is a politician.
Lower Angerham is okay. She's a bitch. George Willis is okay. Dick Morris.
How would you categorize him? Because now he's just a flunky. I don't know.
Now don't put him on there.
Olly North is good as G Gordon Litty.
You're not going to put any of those other ones on there.
All right. This is G Gordon Litty.
And they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Go away and save your mustache.
Yeah. Sean Hannity, Laura Ingraham, George Will, Olly North G Gordon Litty.
Because if we're going to put an encoder and misfudge on there,
you can put some other right wing assholes on there too and dance on their graves.
What do you say? Okay.
Okay. Okay.
See that's thanks about Phil. I mean, talk about beating a dead horse.
Not that I didn't appreciate hearing about it. But is there any surprise? No.
No. He's just totally sold out. Totally sold out.
How much? How much?
100%. No, but I mean, how much do you think it took to buy it?
Oh, I don't think it has to do with that. I think it's, you know, maybe he perceives that to be what he's being pressured.
You know, to see what I'm saying?
Would he channeling a whole lot of drifted the way things are going?
Being the quizzling that he is anyway.
271 votes on a pool. None for Mariah Carey.
That pisses me off. I wish I could change my vote.
275, like I said, misjudge went on there and then a cool Smith went on.
And Michael Jackson and Mariah know that many votes yet.
But no back one. It looked at dance on his grave and take a leak while they're doing it.
Or something even more exciting. Rick Sanchez, too.
There are King two Pete Rose, two Rose and Barthrey. Howard Stern, five.
Mike Tyson, six. Greg Reed's got eight.
I am so glad we put him on there. Man.
A man who's just screwed it up so badly, so much.
But the tech ski clearing, thank you very much, Greg.
Rosie O'Donnell, 10, Bill O'Rally and Jerry Fudd. Bill O'Rally, 12, fall while 17.
I see most pulled away from him. Pat Robertson, 25. That's what he was tied with, right?
But Mo is edge to head with 27. You can't keep up with Mo.
Absolutely.
And quarter 28, OJ Simpson, 47 and Rush Limbaugh.
Bill popping champion of Palm Beach County.
He's got 80, man.
And he's got a pop-up ball before a noon.
You think I got time to be discernible before the break?
Yes.
A fistful of kryptonite against Super George by Tom Hartman.
This is the response to the call yesterday.
It was trying to feed us that crap about Clinton did nothing about terrorism.
In the season of Blockbuster movies, it's useful to remember that one of the first lessons aspiring novelist and screenwriters learned is that
the goodness of a hero is defined by a single quality, the badness of his opponent.
From Superman's Lex Luthor to Batman's Joker to Indiana Jones Nazis,
to Luke Skywalker's Darth Vader for a hero to be perceived as larger than life,
he must have a larger than life enemy.
If Frodo, for example, had him been forced to do battle with the supernatural powers of the ring and its minions,
his story would merely have been a boring travelogue.
But with an army of supernatural-breathing evil and powerful opponents,
Frodo had the opportunity to display his extraordinary inner courage and resourcefulness,
while he didn't even realize he had to labor called forth by the peril of an awesome evil.
This is a lesson that was not lost on Carl Roevin George's W. Bush.
If they could recast George as the opponent of a power as great as the ring,
then the rather ordinary W could become the extraordinary super George,
rising from his fastfulness to prevail over the supernatural powers of evil.
Bill Clinton had a similar chance but passed on it for the good of America and the world.
When Ben Laden attacked us in the 1990s, several times,
in an attempt to raise his own stature in the Islamic world,
Bill Clinton doubled Osama like the criminal he was.
He enlisted Interpol and the police and investigative agencies of various nations,
brought in our best intelligence agents, and missed Ben Laden a misalonged assassination attempt
by a scant 20 minutes, bringing derisive howls from Republicans that he was trying to wag the dog,
and deflect attention away from the moniker investigations.
As Clinton left office, he and the CIA were tightening the news on Ben Laden,
and his national security adviser, Sandy Berger, told me that when he briefed his successor,
Condoleezza Rice, he told her to put Ben Laden and Al Qaeda at the top of her priority list,
and thus finished the job, Clinton administration had nearly completed.
As we know, when Rice Rumsfeld, Cheney Bush et al,
finally came up with the priorities for the new administration,
Al Qaeda had been replaced by tax cuts for Bush's rich donors on the alist
and didn't even appear on the B list.
Thus came 9-11 despite warnings given to the President, August 6, 2001,
that in the immediate future Al Qaeda intended to hijack commercial planes
and use them to attack East Coast targets, Bush apparently took the warnings seriously,
Ashcroft immediately stopped flying on commercial aircraft,
and Bush moved to Texas for the longest vacation in history of the American presidency,
and even when that was over, he preferred floored into target-listed Washington, DC.
In the days after the 9-11 attacks,
America had the sympathy of the world,
and the police and intelligence agencies of even normally hostile nations
offered to help us track down and bring to justice its perpetrators.
Mula Omar of Afghanistan offered to arrest Bin Laden on our behalf
and turned him over to a Western nation for prosecution,
Muslims all over the world were horrified at the actions of one of their own,
a fundamentalist term criminal and murderer.
It would have been so easy to accept Omar's offer,
bringing Bin Laden, dismantled a training camps and tracked down the attendees and sponsors,
and launched an international effort to disassemble and render impotent al Qaeda.
It probably could have been done in a year or less,
given the intensity of the worldwide empathy for the citizens of America,
and the many other nations whose people died in the World Trade Center.
Over 500 American soldiers would still be alive,
and thousands wouldn't have lost arms, legs, and eyes.
Over 40,000 innocent Afghans and Iraqis would also still be alive.
But Karl Rove knew that George W. Bush had a problem
and saw Bin Laden as the solution.
Bush hadn't defeated Al Gore Fair in Square,
and was seen by most Americans as a spoiler, an illegitimate leader.
As soon as the details of his proposed to apply side voodoo economics had depressed,
the markets went into a nose dive.
And already there was still a circulating in the media of his cozy relationship
with corrupt oil burdens like Kenny Lay,
and the secret energy meetings in the spring of 2001, before 9-11,
in which Kenny Lay and others in the oil industry were apparently carving up the oil fields of Iraq.
Bush, in short, was seen as a buffoonish pretender,
an ineffectual manager in a sellout to big oil-out there scandal-ridden industries.
He was the butt of late-night jokes, a former college cheerleader,
a dry drunk except when tempted by pretzels,
an inside traitor, a small man on the national and international stage.
George W. Desperly needed his own Lex Luther,
if he was to reinvent himself as Superman.
Rove and Bush realized that if they simply branded Osama's the criminal thug that he was,
the leader of an obscure Islamic mafia with fewer than 20,000 serious members,
they wouldn't have the supervillain they needed for George W. Bush to be seen as a superhero.
If Bush only authorized a police act,
need Mr. Goldett opportunity to position himself as the battle commander of the war against evil incarnate.
And so began the building of the mythos.
Osama is evil genius. Osama is worldwide mastermind,
even Osama is the anti-Christ as General Boykin reminded us so candidly.
Even though Osama is almost certainly dead or badly disabled,
otherwise we'd see him on the video he sold up to use before Torah Borah.
Bush can't afford to acknowledge that to retain his Superman pose,
George must continue to have a kryptonite equipped foe.
If the remnants of al-Qaeda try to pull our strings by increasing chatter
about particular flights, for example,
we must hyper-react with many press conferences and televised appearances by Tom Ridge.
Every action must be trumpeted.
We must keep terror alerts on the screens of TV's nationwide as long as possible.
We must remind people that George the good is battling the one true dragon
so that we knew his sacred mission for another four years.
For George to remain super, George throughout his term of office,
and thus to pull the country behind him for an FDR-sized transformation of the nation
on behalf of his corporate masters,
George needs to war every bit as huge as FDR's WW2.
And that requires us some to be as big as Hitler in the minds of the Americans.
Thus Richard Pearl writes in his breathless and hyperbolic new book and end to evil,
there is no middle way for Americans it is victory or holocaust.
Pearl laments, although his ill-fought Clintons attacks on Bidlodin,
that terrorist attack then murdered Americans in East Africa in Yemen and Saudi Arabia,
and America respotted these acts of wars if they were ordinary crimes.
He conveniently leaves out the largest attack of all on Reagan's watch,
and Lebanon, which led Reagan to simply fold our tents and leave.
These were acts of war, Pearl, and from agree, are argue.
But there is no nation that he has attacked us, these criminal acts were perpetrated
by an Islamic mafia that no more represents the interest or opinions of the majority
of the world's Muslims than Timik Vey represented the majority of Americans' Christians.
This archetypical formation of George W. Bush from Spoyle Rich Pretended to the Presidency
into the caped, well-flight-suited, George Super George,
defender of all things good and right has a powerful impact on American people,
and Robe hopes to write a victory in 2004.
But there's a weakness in it, which the Democrats can use to stop Bush's demagogic PR machine
and outgoing destructive American democracy.
Howard Dean was the first to raise a fistful of kryptonite against Super George,
when he suggested we should internationalize the efforts against Del Qaeda
and involve more police agencies.
Dean's speeches, especially his speech on foreign policy,
make clear that while he realizes the very real danger Al Qaeda represents,
he also knows that Bush's superhero-goat alone postures is doing us
and democracy itself more harm than good.
To the extent Democrats can demythalize the mythologized bin Laden,
they'll deprive Bush of his superhero costume.
Vin Laden's wretched criminal must become part of the lexicon of the democratic worldview.
Osama bin Laden may well be a sociopath and a criminal,
but he doesn't have supernatural proportions,
and we only empower him in the eyes of other Muslims by crediting them to him.
If his weapons are potentially more lethal than past terrorists,
it's a testament to the technology of the weapons not to the power of Osama.
And if God forbid, he's successful in pulling off another conspicuous attack against America
or Americans, it's critical that a chorus of rational voices in America
immediately define him as a criminal, call for criminal prosecutions
as European nations are successfully used against their terrorist opponents
and work to bring worldwide police agencies into the hunt.
We must repeatedly remind the American people that a horrific crime,
not an act of war, was inflicted upon us on 9-11.
Like the crimes of the IRA against the citizens of Britain,
the crimes of November 17th terrorist group against Greece,
the crimes of the Red Brigades against Italy,
it'll be best be fought by investigators, intelligence operatives,
and the highly effective web of police agencies that stretch across the world.
Although less filled with shock and awe,
these able people can bring al Qaeda justice
without further elevating bin Laden or extending his reach and influence.
By recasting bin Laden from super villain into a banal criminal,
we weaken support from around the world.
And we also deflate the heroic super-George action figure
in the minds of average Americans,
allowing more rational statesmen and women to bring this great nation back
to the peace we held throughout so much of the last half of the 20th century.
Pretty good article by Tom Hartman,
Tom and Beams on over some of the web cards, certainly, some weren't.
I beg your pardon? I said I liked it a lot.
Good.
1158 at 560 WQ, I'm much timing a little on the raspy side, but what timing, huh?
Interest diabetic. That's something that goes down good.
It's truly a delicious meal replacement drink.
It just happens to be made for people living with diabetes,
but anybody wants to cut down their intake of sugar, can drink it, and enjoy it, too.
Interest diabetic, sweetened with splendor, which is made from sugar,
so there's no nasty, aftertaste like you would aspartame in saccharine,
recommended by doctors and dieticians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition
just because they be in a hurry.
Interest diabetic is a completely bound nutritional supplement,
providing you with all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life,
plus vibrant antioxidants, yet it's low in saturated fat and cholesterol,
also gluten and lactose-free.
In 8-ounce, can't provide you with 237 calories of easily digested nutrition.
So try Interest diabetic once, and you'll never go back to whatever kind of crap you were drinking before.
In fact, the makers are so sure you're going to love Interest diabetic,
they're given away free, full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavors,
then anybody who calls their toll-free number, 1-866-368-3739,
or fast-reate order for yourself on their website at www.interestdivetic.com.
Just click on free samples.
Tell them that Neil sent you for the delicious one and get an additional free gift,
and you can also purchase Interest Diabetic All Around Town at Publix,
Loggreens, Eckerds, Navarro, Sedano, CVS,
other local pharmacies again for your free sample called toll-free,
1-866-368-3739.
In the line in law, this is sports radio bike city.
2 a.m.
There's a mohawada David Adir,
the only thing funny and rape of it is that bike smokers throw the one hour.
Hey kids, coming to a toy store near you,
Ritaltoys brings you the new Paris Hilton Barbie.
She's blonde, tall, and dumb, and comes with her very own digital video camera.
You'll have hours of fun videotaping Paris Barbie,
having sex with boyfriend can.
And because the Paris Hilton Barbie comes with a digital camera,
it's just a simple step to upload your video onto the internet.
You can be the first kid on your block to share those sexual encounters with your friends.
What could be more fun?
Paris Hilton Barbie in Toystores now.
If it's Rital, it's swell!
Promo 20560 WQ, I'm happy Wednesday to you.
I'm taking a look at that, this song is W thing.
What a nice going Eric.
What do I want to also say?
Check your email about those poll stats you wanted.
Really?
There's almost more stuff here than I can handle.
It's almost enough to make me think I got to do that one to two hour one last time.
Just kidding folks, just kidding.
Let me just try this out from our actual website.
Huh?
Oh wait a minute, oh I see it's loading now, it's got a load.
Yes, it's already dropping a big load.
Got a load first then after that you can play with it all day long and it buttons too.
I'm sorry, I just don't have the actual figure.
Complete with four exciting outfits.
First president of the United States appointed by the Supreme Court.
It's got weapons of mass destruction, so I'm saying it's right to America.
Grade fire pilot, flight suit, useful for public relations, nuts.
Today the world is safe.
War criminals.
I also keep our promise to destroy our rats and people.
And the rage, mental vision, is charging the most powerful country in the world.
Then when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.
What is a mass destruction not included?
Oh and here coming to buttons now.
They're going to pretzel.
Are you people that I've painted these little kids out there that want to keep them off the streets and keep busy today?
This would be perfect for them.
Okay, keep them present and the buttons too.
Keep them present.
Yeah.
Keep oppressing them.
567.0560.0560 on the AT&T.
Let's get back to the important stuff.
Our poll of course.
And all those illegal immigrants who have come in illegally or now illegal.
Poo, wave that magic wand again.
Okay.
There we go.
All of a sudden now your kosher.
Even if we're eating cheeseburgers here's a kosher.
An inspiration for the people that wait online and fill out all their paperwork and subject themselves to back up.
Ah, to help with them.
We like those cheap labor man.
Cathy Lee would be proud.
Politicians excluded what well-known living person's grave would you love to dance on.
Rush Limbaughda can't touch your rush man.
Can't touch this 91.
Oh, by the way, he's on now.
All your people let's say listen to rush every day.
Don't forget his on right now.
Grab him.
OJ Simpson 50 and quarter 31.
How much you got?
About third man.
Mohawar Davida 29.
Pat Robertson 26.
Moe is edge to head of Pat.
Because God is whispering in his rear.
Jerry Fomel 21.
Bill O'Riley 13.
Rosie O'Donnell 12.
Greg Reads got eight.
Nice going Greg.
You go boy.
Mike Tyson 6 Howard Stern 5.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez 4.
I thought he'd be doing a lot better than that.
You.
Eric King 3.
Roseanne Bar 3.
PD Rose Bob Novak Michael Jackson Olly North to a piece.
One for Sean Hannity.
One for G Gordon Litty.
And none yet for Miss Fudge George Will.
Laura Ingram-Hammarad-Kerry or Anna Nicole Smith.
How to 312 votes in the first hour.
Pretty impressive, totally.
Aren't you impressed?
I'm impressed.
Good.
I got some more good stuff here for a little bit later on.
Not a whole bunch, just three.
Just three more.
Is that acceptable?
No.
Three more that I wanted like a...
Well Nick Kristoff's got a great column in the New York Times day.
The Godgolf, I like that.
Carl Hyerson from our own Miami Herald in the telehancey Democrat.
Welcome to the big house of prayer.
And Robert Scheer writes,
The Lord knows what Pat Robertson wants.
No, God.
He knows it.
Nobody has...
Why now that line one is working, but there's never anybody there.
You know what I mean?
We don't realize I keep these people diddling on the screenless,
but there's never anybody there.
WQAM, hello.
Morning, Neil.
Morning, too.
Good afternoon.
I have someone with one foot in the grade back to your list.
Charlton Heston.
Charlton Heston would be magnificent.
How about you, Matt?
Michael Moore vote for that.
Major Deuce Beck.
Okay, thanks.
Charlton Heston lets dance on his grave.
And of course, he can't go anywhere anyway, because you can see he's trying to run away from Michael Moore.
He was moving real slow.
He was dragging his ass real slowly through that screen door to get the all away.
He's jumping on the back.
Yeah, that was so great.
Anybody hasn't seen bowling for a Columbine?
Get with it.
Go to your nearest video store and steal it or something if you can't afford to buy it.
Rent it.
Buy it.
steal it.
Show it to everybody you know.
Bowling for Columbine.
It's fabulous.
That's because Michael Moore is fabulous.
Have you ever find out what the name of the movie is going to be based on dude where's my country?
No, we did not.
Oh, because he's got his own website, Michael Moore dot com.
I bet you might be on it somewhere.
Might be.
And it's going to be coming out before the election, which sure, of course, the right wingers are peeing in their pants about that.
In fact, they're already trying to prevent anybody from making the movie, which is why you had to come up here to a candidate to make bowling for Columbine.
That's something.
Yeah, come to Canada and go around and open up the doors of people's houses to show that not everybody locks the doors here, because they're not quite as good.
It's going crazy.
But we're catching up.
We're catching up at 65 murders in Toronto last year and it's starting to get anyone to know why you know who the scumbags are where they're coming from.
I give up US season to get even worse than we're sending mad cows across the border.
Yeah, that's right.
You sent us a bunch of murdering assholes with guns.
We're going to send you some mad cows.
How do you like that?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Pete Rose, good guy or bad guy.
That's our poll today.
Oh, man, it's almost as good as Jimmy and Danny.
Go to QA and hello.
Yes, how you doing, you?
Pretty good.
I got a couple names for your poll.
Okay.
Deon Sanders.
Deon Sanders.
Okay.
Stuart Scott.
Stuart Scott.
Yeah, I got it from a forced center.
Never heard of him.
All right, and Martha Stewart.
Okay, she's on it.
Although I haven't seen any of you.
She's supposed to be on there.
Did I see any votes for Martha?
Maybe we left her off.
Maybe you thought Martha Stewart never said it.
No, she's fourth on the list here right after OJ.
In fact, don't you remember the person that's factored in said Martha's steward?
Oh, yeah.
I made a joke about it, George.
Don't you remember that as your Alzheimer's kickin' in, huh?
Come on now.
Man, too much of that bad weed.
I'm not a good weed.
I'm not a good weed.
I'm not a good weed for a legalization of marijuana.
I'll tell you that right now.
You and Norm Kent.
Folks of children for putting people on death row for it.
Dale and Palmetto Bay says, how about Osama Bin Laden?
Wow, that's a little bit too Aussie, you know what I'm saying?
How about Satan?
Yeah.
How about Lucifer would be good?
Three nominees that every dark, complexed person should eat a lot of corn.
Before taking the big dump.
Do you understand that?
No.
Oh.
Jackson, we got Michael Jackson on it.
Oh, Louis Farrakhan, that's good.
He's talking about Jesse Jackson, I think.
Oh, is he?
Where they're going with this.
Louis Farrakhan.
Well, what about Michael Jackson?
And he kind of like dark?
Well, not anymore.
Okay, Jesse Jackson.
That would be good.
Not until he takes care of his love, Tallah.
I hope he leaves or something good in that will.
And he all sharp.
And I all sharpened this political case running for president.
So we said politicians excluded.
So let's leave out off there.
In addition, I'll tell you right now, I don't care what anybody says.
I don't care what anybody says.
Because I believe my own opinions.
The two democratic candidates in these debates who made the most sense.
Who've been the most articulate.
And who've conducted themselves brilliantly have been.
Dennis Kusinic and El Sharpen.
Then Howard Dean and after that, it's small potatoes.
And worst of the carcass course, he just laying out and all of a sudden he's moving up the poles.
Where did that come from?
I don't know.
He went from 12% in December to the latest poll that was just taking the other over the weekend.
Now he's got 20%.
And I'm thinking that maybe the Republicans are succeeding in with the help of the media, of course.
Oh, well, you know, Howard Dean is unelectable.
Plus, of course, the other Democrats just beating and, you know, ganging up and beating the crap out of him.
What about those records?
When are you going to release those records, Governor Dean?
Dr. Dean, all of a sudden the crap.
I mean, they're like just herniating to try to like side track his candidacy.
And they may just succeed.
Now, I will say this.
If Wesley Clark turns out to be the guy that could actually beat Bush, I say.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, right.
We'll take him.
Even though he hasn't said a damn thing that makes too much sense to me, he's all over the place.
But you did have a Jewish father.
Now you don't think that they're going to play that up if he turns out to be the nominee.
Play it up.
Yeah, like Clark and Sam.
The fact that he had a Jewish father.
Even though he did become Catholic when he married his wife.
You have all those things?
Mm-hmm.
But what's he going to do to play it up while we're both starring at Lapelle?
No, I'm not talking about him.
I'm talking about the Republicans, the Bush people.
Play up the fact that he's got a little Jew in him.
No.
Like Jew Lieberman, see?
Because they know everybody knows that Jew Lieberman caused the war of the presidency.
Even more so than a Ralph Nader.
But nobody else beside me is going to say it.
I've been saying that for months and months and months for three years now.
Nobody else is going to say it because you just don't say those things.
You don't want to talk about religion.
It's just not nice to say that Rednecks hate Jews.
Oh, Rednecks hate Jews.
Yeah.
And so do a lot of schwarzers and a lot of Spicks and a lot of other people.
I mean, it's popular to hate the Jews, right?
It is.
Right, George?
No, I think that's propaganda on the part of the Jews.
So, obfuscate from all that land stealing.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six.
You don't be starting to lump all the Jews in with Ariel Shiro now.
All those, oh, I don't.
All the things that they've constantly.
Carpent Baggers over there.
Those Zionites.
Those lunatics.
I think Michael Moore's got the right idea.
I'll say it again.
Let's really arm the Palestinians in the Israelis to the teeth.
And then all the fanatics, man, they can all kill each other.
Everybody else would happily ever have right.
And that fence built it all the way around that zone.
Yeah, so we can be safe.
Right.
1213 at 560 WQM Halibut party act GMC is now auto city party act GMC of Pinecrest.
But you can still expect the same grade deals and the great Neal deals and sin customer satisfaction
that made Halibut so popular for a thousand years.
Right now at auto city of Pinecrest, it's the 2003 blowout sale.
All remaining party action GMC's in stock hit absolutely the best prices.
Absolutely.
Yes, auto city is loaded with 2004.
Take advantage of 0% financing on models in stock right now.
If you have credit problems, if you once worked at QAM, no problem.
Auto city's got an excellent selector, pre-owned cars for you to choose from.
Even if you used to work at the fan.
The new auto city party act GMC of Pinecrest, you'll find them at 134-01.
South Dixie Highway, that's US-1 across from the falls, open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info, just call the Neal deal hotline tool for you at 1-888-534-4211.
That's 1-888-534-4211.
Keep in mind, all offers are subject to credit.
Approval see the folks at Auto City Pontiac for all the details.
L'Omberto Perez, your creator and the whole staff at the new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest,
wish you and yours a very, very happy new year for 2004.
The new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest, you'll always find low prices and no high pressure.
Why, why, and local, we're sports video 560-2-A-M.
Dear me.
All month, a stunt can make an evening out from paper towels.
Cuts up credit cards to liners with improved.
Bodycoding to house boy Rowell.
She is downright cruel.
And evil witch has screaming, men she from Connecticut.
Throw all the cheese while she banks the chocolate chips.
She makes collagen for her own lips out of onion bits.
Muppet stew, you same so nice on my TV.
But your smile is just a mask so we can see your personality.
Once I saw her make an evening out of cottage cheese.
She gives a bucket pipe where food do it across the stage.
I didn't mean to have the beans so damn rich.
But she's such a bitch.
Yeah.
I'm not a rap or she'll snap your neck.
In her attic she remodels using pastries where she sits and makes her own design shirts.
Now Martha's getting just desserts.
I guess that's true, her.
Speaking of decks, I wonder who's got the bigger deck and culture or Martha Stewart.
Good question.
I thought 18 at 560 WQAM.
Did we put the on-center's on air or not?
I sent it along.
Okay, just relax.
Don't get all hyper.
We got a lot of, yeah we got them on air and ambient votes yet.
Either there's Jesse Jackson or Louis Ferrican.
On 364 the votes are pouring in, man.
There's a lot of people to dance on their graves and so little time.
560, 560, 0560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Hey Neil how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey listen I was trying to get hold of you yesterday and so I don't want to rehash anything that you said.
I know early in the show yesterday you talked about the sentimental article with the
the Kool-Gaver Sweet Department stopping 11-year-old girl from selling heroin.
Right.
And as appalling as that article was because you're just reading it I think in shock.
It's just pawing here about it.
It's strange to me that they mentioned an article that they bought drugs off this 11-year-old girl in October.
But yet kept her on the streets for another three months in this bogus orange rug.
So what an 11-year-old girl stay on the streets dealing drugs and we call that keeping our streets safe.
I know that they get to build a case but apparently they have nothing out there if they're going to try to
prosecute this woman now.
This is a big slap in the face I think to the big orange rug.
Also you mentioned yesterday you read that article about Bush New and I proudly wear my 9-11-bush new shirt
probably weekly.
Good.
Yeah I wear it to a gym and you know you get the dirty look and some people actually inquire and you give them some
information and some take it some read it some don't throw it back in your face.
But it's something that's got to be done.
I'm glad that you do it because it got to call this morning and said that you just rehashing articles that he's already read.
Well good for him.
But the point is that he is full of crap.
He is even read the weekly reader that guy.
All that guy was was just a professional talk show listener groupie.
That's all he was.
He was on squad.
For example the story that you were just talking about about the 11-year-old girl son of cocaine.
I was just checking and I do it throughout the show all day every day.
Checking the CNN website and that story is on there today.
I read the story yesterday morning.
It's on there today.
Right.
It's fine even if it is.
When you do that you have a link to your articles and you can find a whole new website.
It's very informative.
You can keep on searching the web.
It gives you a way to find out.
It gets you way to be informed.
And it's a really great thing.
And lastly I picked up a book yesterday.
A couple days ago actually the Bush haters handbook.
The guy to the most appalling presidency in the last 100 years.
And I forget the author's name right now.
But he's a Canadian that said in 2000.
He moved to New York, kicking out his state citizenship.
Oh wow.
And it's all an apagogical order if you're subject matter.
And it just looks like a phenomenal read.
I'm just starting it now and I'll let you know how it goes.
Beauty.
And in closing I would definitely dance my handcultors grave.
However I think she's hot.
Thanks.
Okay.
Oh she's hot.
Whoo, he was doing so good till the guy to then.
Wow he could have my portion.
Oh you know I wanted to play and I haven't played yet today.
Is the discomfort of hemorrhoid of tissues making your backside burn for me?
Then try preparation age.
Preparation age it soothes the bird.
That's not the one.
Use only as a record.
That's not the one.
I don't know.
Huh?
I think that was a real spot.
No, it wasn't.
No, that's one of those bad spots from ACN.
But there's one with Johnny Cash with a ring of fire.
Oh, what is it?
Do you really need to go?
Now, that's not it.
Suffering from constipation, methamusel can help.
Methamusel.
That's not it.
Is the disco?
No, that's not it.
Suffering from a burning ring of fire.
The ring of fire.
The ring of fire.
The ring of fire.
Don't let those flames get higher.
Use preparation age.
Play down some cash for preparation age.
The ring of fire.
Preparation age.
The ring of fire.
See, it's a quickie.
We got so much stuff in the DCS now that you got to start like a...
Even refining the way you label them.
So, you know, side by each.
It's incredible.
1223 at 560, WDQM, Nick Kristoff, who's a great columnist in the New York Times writes today.
The God Gulf.
It's about...
Oh, God.
No, I only wish it were.
You know what I wish?
What?
I wish that we had a way.
I guess I could spend about 5 grand and take out an ad in like newspapers, like the USA,
the day and things like that, for our website.
Because the only...
There's only one person in the universe that's Lynn Samuels, who used to be our friend,
but now hates us like poison because the way we feel about Ms. Fudge.
But, uh, and she wants your job.
But beside that, she gives us a link to our website on her, on hers, and that's it.
You see what I'm saying?
I know.
It would be so much more meaningful if we could find a way to get a link to our website so that people...
Because most people, other than those who are really studious and really end with heavy duty,
most people don't have the time or the inclination or either to like sit around,
reading the Washington Post and New York Times and 85 things online every day,
and common dreams.org and smirk and chimp and all this other stuff.
And we cut it down to like, you know, 15, 20, 30 stories every day.
How many?
About third man.
And give me a chance to find all the good stuff there.
And yes, of course, all of it's got a viewpoint, but that's the idea.
See, it's okay for newsmax.com to have all that Ray Wing crap on there,
including articles by the man cow, by the way.
When I saw that, I thought...
For else, never gonna lie to us with that.
He's a Ray Wing...
He's a Ray Wing nutcase, this man cow, Muller and Chicago,
who does, you know, potty talk, tits and the boobs and crap,
and the Ray Wing politics.
I don't get it.
Rupert Murdock.
Yeah, same thing, same crap.
So anyway, like I said, I'm just thinking out loud.
I wish there were way for us to get more links to.
Oh, yeah.
Out loud.
Bill...
I'm telling you, it's Tash.
His name is not Bill Tash.
Bill Tash is the guy, the guy, the piano player, that the screamer.
Bill Tash.
Bill Tushek.
Something like that.
Dreck.
Bill Dreck.
Anyway, Nick Kristoff writes the Godgolf,
and now I've backed myself into a crygoth time, it's short.
Religion may preach peace and tolerance,
yet it's hard to think of anything that,
because of human malpractice, has been more linked to violence
and malice around the world.
And now, as we had a new campaign year,
it's time to brace ourselves for a new round of religious warfare
and hypocrisy at home.
America is driven today by a Godgolf of this trust,
dividing church-going Republicans from relatively secular Democrats.
A new great awakening is sweeping the country,
the Americans increasingly telling pollsters
that they believe in prayer and miracles,
while only 28% say they believe in evolution.
All this is good news for Bush Republicans,
who are in tune with heartland religious values,
and bad news for Dean Democrats, who don't know John from Job.
So expect Republicans to wage religious warfare
by trotting out God as the new elephant of the race
and some Democrats to respond with hypocrisy
by affecting deep religious convictions.
This campaign could end up as a tug of war over Jesus.
Over the holidays, Vice President Dick Cheney's Christmas card
symbolized all that troubles me about the way
politicians treat faith, not as a source for spiritual improvement,
but as a pedestal to strut on.
Mr. Cheney's card is dominated by a quotation by Benjamin Franklin,
and if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without his notice,
is it probable that an empire can rise without his aid?
It's hard not to see that as a boast that the U.S. has become
the global superpower because God is on our side,
an empire suggests Iraq.
Is Mr. Cheney contending that the dispute over ladies' Gulf War,
God was pulling for the White House,
and pulmonarying at Democrats, and others in VL's of Ups Camp?
Moreover, Mr. Cheney's card wrenches Ben Franklin's quotation
from its context, and offends the humility that Franklin stood for.
If you read the full speech, Franklin gave the Constitutional Convention,
including the one with the sparrow line,
you see that Franklin isn't bragging that God is behind him,
but rather the opposite, warning that the framers face so many difficulties
that he need all the help they can get, including prayer.
Meanwhile, Howard Dean is grasping for faith in a way that's just as tasteless
as Mr. Cheney's Christmas card.
Dr. Dean Bragg reports that he knows as much about the Bible,
and proceeded to say that his favorite New Testament book is Job.
Anyone who cites Job as a New Testament book should be schooled
not just for religious phoniness, but also for appalling ignorance
of Western civilization on a par with Mr. Bush's calling Greeks Gretians.
After talking to Mr. Bush's long time acquaintances,
I'm convinced that his religious convictions are deeply felt,
and fairly typical in the U.S., Mr. Bush says the jury is still out on evolution,
but he also has said that it doesn't take every word in the Bible is literally true.
To me nonetheless, it seems hypocritical Mr. Bush to claim,
as he didn't last campaign, that Jesus is his favorite philosopher,
and then the finance tax breaks for the rich by cutting services for the poor.
If Dr. Dean should read up on Job, Mr. Bush should take a look at the sermon on the Mount.
With Karl Roves' help Mr. Bush's managed to take careful balance,
maintaining good ties with the Christian right without doing so publicly enough to terrify other voters.
For example, Mr. Bush doesn't refer in the speeches to Jesus or Christ,
but he sends reassuring messages to fellow evangelicals in code,
wonder-working power in the state of the Union address last year alluded to a hymn.
Republicans are in trouble when the debate moves to the issues
because their policies often favor a wealthy elite,
but they have the advantage when voters choose based on values
for here Republicans are populist and Democrats more elitist.
As we move into the religious wars, I wish we could recall how Abe Lincoln achieved moral clarity
without moral sanctimony.
Though it often criticized for not being religious enough,
Lincoln managed both the key kinds of morality in personal behavior,
which can serve as a care about, and in seeking social justice, which liberals focus on.
To me, each seems incomplete without the other.
Or there's the real then, frankly, not the one counterfeited by Mr. Cheney,
who warned each of the framers of the Constitution to doubt a little of his own infallibility,
not to be a useful text for Mr. Cheney's Christmas card next year.
Nick Kristoffen says, from New York Times.
Yeah, well, good.
Exactly.
28th pass known is a matter of fact I was reading last night one of the pieces about Dr. Dean
and the fact that once the campaign starts, if he gets the nomination,
then he's going to start Jesus is up pretty good, you know?
He's going to start, especially in the South where he hasn't played the Jesus card.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, Christ.
Great.
Got to bring in a older Christmester.
Yeah, boy.
29th pass known if you look at the mirror and say, Jesus Christ am I getting fat, huh?
Here's the answer for the New Year's here in time to start reading,
making your New Year's resolution stick this year with a low carb diet.
That's what just about everybody is doing.
Like I said, Atkins is everywhere, even on your toilet.
And the plate or maybe in it.
And the place to start is Delights of West Boker, your low carb superstore,
whether you run the Atkins, the Skatkins, the Sugar Buster, South Beach,
or any low carb sugar free dough I diet, joined the thousands and thousands of South
Beach students who made Delights of West Boker their headquarters and the number one low carb store in America.
And for good reason, because they've got over a thousand low carb products for you to choose from.
Like I said, including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips, brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta,
sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and lots more.
They offer the whiter selection.
They open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You can always sample anything Mr. before your bite.
They've got a friendly staff that knows dining inside an out and they carry the most complete light of Atkins brand products around sale all day every day.
You know the low carb diet is rated number one.
So wait for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world.
Delights of West Boker on the northeast corner of Glades and 441 right next to Boston Market are column tool free at 1-877-LowCarb.
That's L-O-W-C-A-R-B, runnawebitslowcarb.com.
There's only one Delights of West Boker and it's your official Atkins retail center and he's singing a different tune these days.
I miss this boring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with Radio's original bad boy.
Who now looks like a nasty old lady.
Listen Bernie, I miss.
Now that it turned this coffee sucks.
Yes, every morning C.I.M.S. was into a tape of other people's county bits.
Why, bond the air.
I did a hammer to bite into this muffin just so many of those press-on blades like you.
See his wild behind the scenes addicts.
I also made no but I am the eye-manure of the wallers, cook-o-katsu.
And I'm getting some fresh coffee on your fire.
I miss. He's irreverent.
So what's the deal with the fall?
He's topical.
So what's the deal with this watergate, right?
He's incoherent.
I'll tell you what, that's a government president.
What the hell is this?
I don't know.
He's, I miss.
And he's only on MSNBC.
A table channel nobody watches.
And a bunch of AM radio stations.
Nobody listens to him.
And then somebody gets some fresh jingles.
It's I miss.
Somebody suggested Don I miss for our pool today.
If somebody you like to dance on their grave.
I think we'll put him on air.
But the only problem is I think we can miss the funeral.
Right.
I think it was a long time ago.
Now this thing that Eric just sent me that he emailed me about the results of our first
of polls.
First 30 polls on our website.
I don't get it.
The first one says total zero.
Demographic pool zero.
Okay, I don't get it because I didn't get it.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean, I got the list here.
But one total zero.
Demographic pool.
Demo pool.
So maybe he just didn't work or we're having technical problems.
I don't know.
That must have been a little bit deflating.
What you think?
Second poll.
We had 374.
And since we had 401 in the first hour today.
I was right.
We actually topped in one hour the whole first poll that we took in a whole day.
Ready for that?
I'm ready.
Of a third poll, we had total of 44 votes.
The fourth one, 374.
The fifth poll, 62 votes.
This is amazing.
Now, one of that had been when did we start to when did we find to get the computer in the whole thing of the Internet?
What we upstairs already by that time on the third floor?
Maybe.
We're not trying to think back.
We had the website and everything but as far as taking polls.
The main thing I listen, I remember about the second floor besides the whammy crap.
In fact, the Joe and all the other crap was the fact that phones weren't working most of the time.
I didn't even know it.
Right.
Thanks a lot Greg.
That's another reason people are voting that they'd like to dance on your grave.
Mr. Technical Disaster, the Master of Disaster, Greg Reed.
The first time we actually had over 500 votes was our sixth poll.
We had 564.
And then 409, Beach Boys like that one, 386, 419, 517, and then it goes on.
But never came close.
Let's see.
30th poll.
We took us several.
About 30 men.
We took you over 743 votes in our 30th poll.
You remember the alien days and those polls?
No, the salad doors.
I could believe it.
We'll ever duplicate that.
Bring back alien again.
What do you say?
Come on.
Come back for a happy meal, alien.
We need you back, kid.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Well-known Living Persons grave.
Would you love to dance on Politicians Excluded?
WDQAM?
Hi.
Morning.
Good evening to you.
Good evening to you.
I wanted to ask, there was also pretty close on that poll.
The morning did Eric check the hanging chat.
Now, where we got that judge in Palm Beach is looking at him right now.
He's holding him up to the sky.
Google out.
Good.
Got another suggestion for your poll.
Can we say and Jim?
You're in Tammy Faye Bay Wall.
We got only five.
I'd say Tammy Faye.
All right.
I volunteer to drown in holy water and throw up a towel.
I have to bridge if you'd like me to.
Excellent.
Thanks a lot, Kelly.
Okay, well, I'm fine.
Which last name are we using?
Tammy Faye Baker.
Nobody knows the other names.
Tammy Faye Baker, who of course the fags have put into her real quick.
You know what that reminds me of?
That would be like if Anita Bryant came back to date County next week.
And all of a sudden Bob Kunst and a bunch of other fags were running around.
Oh, Anita, she's changed her way.
She loves the fags.
Come on.
Only Simpledons like Miss, Miss, uh, what's your name?
What Carlos sitting out there freaky Carlos at the front desk.
Only Simpledons fags like her are into Tammy Faye Baker.
But then again, he's into Susan Kuchi Kuchi.
My last name is Luchi too.
Whose daughter plays Gwen on passions, by the way.
And has got a hunker the size of yonkers makes very mandler look like, uh, huh?
Just like mama.
Makes very mandler look like Michael Jackson.
Boy.
Gwen on passions.
Anyway, nothing much is habit on passions.
What's her name?
Sheridan's back in the loony bench.
She's got the straight jacket.
Not as fashionable as the one that W's got on her.
If you look on our website.
I love the gruel.
That is so beautiful.
I want to tell you seriously,
anything we've ever had on there.
And I don't want to deem it now.
Who sent us that?
Can we give credit to somebody?
Ah, let me go look at the original email.
Please go.
I'd like to thank whoever to help set us that thing.
Because that is Magnifico.
I mean, the other one, you know, the W thing that count down,
the weapons of mass destruction search count down, that's great.
And actually the time actually continues.
It's really a ticket along.
And the lips move as he's saying all of these things.
But this one, it's got the buttons.
It's like having your own little play pen right here on your PC.
Who is it?
Danny, if I'm not mistaken.
Thanks a lot Danny, boy.
You're the best.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Sounds really dead to me.
QAM on line one was QCC.
The line one is never there.
Now, why is that?
I realize when you're doing screen lists, a lot of times it chops off real quick.
Just, you know, wait till it starts ringing and then pick it up.
Maybe they just keep hanging out.
They just keep that entire and hanging out.
They're getting tired.
And the timing is off.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
It's 1238 before we know it's going to be one o'clock.
And then the pressure will be not on this end, man.
It'll be on your end.
It'll be on the audience end.
You're one to two hour.
I don't mean you.
I mean, on WQAM line one, Ryan.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Did you see Tim Russell show Sunday?
No, I did not.
I mean, eat the press.
No, no, one of the most amazing statistics.
And this is just to show you the hopelessness that this country is in.
A significant majority, he had these decor states up versus the Bush states.
And, you know, the map is one's red one's blue.
And every Bush state, a significant majority of people,
want a deeply religious president.
Whereas in the Gore state, it was just the opposite.
Well, again, we see the word to use is redneck.
All of those redneck states, the red states, those are the states that Bush won.
And the only one that he, that wasn't totally a redneck state Florida,
which at least has South Florida, he stole.
That's the only one that wasn't a redneck state that went in his column.
You name me any other state that Bush won.
That isn't a redneck state.
And I'll give you $50 million.
Well, it's true, but the actual, now in the 60s, 70s, 80s and 90s,
did you ever see this kind of religious fervor in the dollar?
Well, it started with Reagan.
Reagan was the hero of the God Squad.
He's the one, you know, the far right in the God Squad, the whole deal.
It started with him.
And now it's just the escalating course.
That's why they were so fooling at the mouth to get Clinton out of there
and did the whole monocle thing and tried everything under the sun to get him out of office
because he was interrupting their agenda.
Have you ever seen it to a blatant sense, Reagan?
Where they just come out and say, the hell would church and state that you don't want separation?
That it's founding father.
I mean, the fact that you got that Jesus, jail, they're in Florida.
What does that tell you?
That's why there's absolutely no hope.
Well, I'll see you at the border, man.
Thank you, ma'am.
Okay.
It's three hour wait there at the border, but it's well worth waiting for.
Bring a good book.
In fact, he inspired me to that Carl Heiss and Colin on the telehazzy Democrat.
Welcome to the big house of prayer.
And I guess there are a lot of people just, oh, yeah, what's wrong with that?
Yeah.
It's not mandatory.
It's optional.
Our tax dollars are paying for it.
No, come on.
He wouldn't do that, would he?
Choose life bumper stickers that raise money for the right.
That's right.
The rights groups.
Because it's a great issue, felt as they say in China, make no mistake about the
rules.
That's the point.
Big of a China.
Did you see what they're doing with those civic cats?
Now, you know what an animal lover I am.
And I'm not saying I love civic cats because they're like, uh, uh, I know that.
They're like a cross between a raccoon and a rat.
They're must be like, uh, like scum things.
Well, whatever the hell they are, but the fact of the matter is they're still living things,
okay?
Yes.
And they've got these 10,000 of them.
You know how they get rid of them?
Uh, wood chipper.
They spray them.
They drown them in disinfectant.
And then they send them to be incinerated.
They have these little cages that they, in fact, some of them, they got a whole bunch of them in these little tiny cages.
Yeah.
What is that?
I don't want to say that all Chinese are barbarians, but, uh, that's the F and Chinese way.
Is that the F and Chinese way?
Yeah.
Well, remember, like when they cook dog, right?
They have to butcher it right there.
And an important part of the flavor is that you got to stress the animal before you kill it, so you have to kill it in a painful way.
You have to stress it.
Why is that?
Uh, they believe that it makes a taste here.
Oh, no.
The adrenaline relieves it.
I thought that's the opposite of what you want.
I thought that that's why we like range free chicken and, uh, no.
So they smack the dog around a little bit before they serve it, before they kill it and serve it up.
Well, gee, how can you tell me now, like, you're telling me.
Why, you like, you're telling me.
And look, this is portrayal by this blood of saturday way.
You like it.
Gang rape is funny.
Coming soon to a cinema near you, it's the greatest romantic comedy in the history of film.
You, grad, is a fumbling twit.
Well, if I may, I hope I'm not being too forward.
That is the city of f...
The London Times says a fumbling twit is so lifelike that no more films should ever be made.
As they would only pale in comparison to this brilliant piece of twit headed typecasting.
If I may be so bold as to ask you and I understand that I'm tired of trapping by standing here in the middle of the street, but I'm very much like to ask you.
If you see only one Hugh Grant movie this year, then you certainly won't need to see this one, because he's playing the exact same twit he plays in all his movies.
I'm glad that you agreed to have dinner with me.
Well, there's something I've been meaning to.
Well, that is to say, uh, it finds you to be quite fetching and...
You think Elizabeth Early left him because of that whole divine brown deal? No.
See, left him because Hugh Grant is a fumbling twit, now playing in selected cities.
I do rather hope you'll come to see me in a fumbling twit.
That is to say, if you don't mind my being somewhat cheeky.
Oh, for the love of God with you, shut up!
Oh, well, all right then, I suppose.
I apologize to myself the other day when we did the pull about the most overrated famous people in the world.
Hugh Grant should have been way up there on the list.
We didn't even put him on there, right?
Out of sight out of mind.
I mean, you talk about a media invention, a media creation, a hype job.
This man, he can't complain about his talent, he isn't a havin' it.
Does he look good?
No!
Can he act?
No!
Is he interesting?
No!
He is, uh, just another British pile of crap.
He is garbage on two legs.
You know, I'd be curious, uh, from Eric to find out that dates, I'm sure he's got it.
I don't want to like over.
I had 33 bedtime stories that I lumped him with, uh, overnight, in this morning.
Sorry, Eric, but there's a lot of good stuff on there.
But these are first 30 pulls that we took the first-
BOT 30, man!
I'd like to know what the dates were, are those?
Don't you think that might be somewhat interesting?
Okay.
Well, for example, right now we got 435 votes in an hour and a half, hour and 45 minutes on this second pull.
We did what, 401 on the first one?
It's like, we'll do over a thousand votes today during the show.
I think we'll break the all-time record.
I don't think even during Alien, we did over a thousand during the show.
I just mentioned those things in passing.
Not that the audience really cares, but it sure kills some good time.
A lot of numbers, man, give the time and the temp.
It's an old radio trick.
And the ratings.
And the ratings.
Oh, we don't want to give those.
Listen!
That's a great idea since we eliminated the one to two comedy bits hour in 2004.
How about we don't give it a ratings no more?
At least not the fall book.
Now, we gotta do it. It's gonna be bad.
It's gonna be bad.
We've always given them whether they're good, they're bad, and if we don't lie about the ratings, you know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Some people on here, they make up stories.
Some people that don't even show up in the ratings.
Absolutely.
Make up stories.
Mr. Ego, people like that.
I love the one in Eskimo Housewives.
Right.
Anyway, Carl Heisen writes, welcome to the big house of prayer in the telehancey Democrat.
I can't think of a better place to reflect on the awesome love of our Lord Jesus than here at Lawley Correctional.
God bless you.
Governor Jeb Bush said in the Christmas Eve addressed inmates at the nation's first faith-based prison in North Florida.
Let us pray.
Yay, though we hustle through the valley of death.
We offer thanks for the bounty of faith to be found here at the Lawley Correctional Facility.
Lord, look down with mercy upon us, for we've committed multiple felonies and misdemeanors.
There are grievous in your eyes, and also in the eyes of the judges and juries who sent us here.
Armed with lethal weapons, we've entered liquor stores, pawn shops, and late-night establishments of convenience.
And from those premises we have taken cash, lottery tickets, and merchandise.
At no time, Lord, did we return to justly compensate the proprietors?
Ye and with only a screwdriver, we have hot-wired late-model automobiles, to which we did not hold title, and shamelessly barred into other centers who chopped them up for parts.
Through open windows and unlocks sliding doors, we passed into the dwellings of strangers, from which we removed plasma TVs, DVD players, CD-burners, jewelry, rare coins, and sterling silver flatware that did not lawfully belong to us.
Lowly have snatched purses from women to whom we were not related, and from those handbags we have lifted credit cards, and upon those credit cards, we've charged numerous expensive items for which we had no intention of paying.
Likewise, we've written checks for various goods and services, knowing virally that there were insufficient funds in our accounts, or that those accounts themselves had longed-growing closed.
In moments of weakness, we have poisoned our bodies with alcohol, and that the slightest provocation began to smite those around us with blood-wiseer bottles, barstools, pooled cues, or heavy ceramic ash trays.
And yes, Lord, some of us have in times of moral debasement, reached for a knife or a firearm, and used it to assault another person in a most aggravated way.
In our shamed hearts, we realize there's no biblical justification for such behavior, even if the person whom we assaulted and of course we insulted our mother, commented inappropriately on our wife's choice of swimwear, or stole in a baggy of crystal meth from our bedroom closet.
Confronted with our wrongdoing, some of us have spoken falsely, resisted arrest, and even committed battery upon law enforcement officers, showing not only disrespect for authority, but a glaring absence of common sense.
Lord, we cannot blame you for being rather skeptical of our newfound faith for so many brothers and sisters in the prison system have claimed to embrace you before.
It's true that in the past, some of us did not turn thee with to late in the plea-bargaining process, and only then a laughably transparent attempt to convince prosecutors that we'd found spiritual redemption.
Others of us waited till our final request for new trials was rejected by the appellate courts, and we were hence abandoned via attorneys.
Still others of us welcomed you only in the days approaching our first parole hearing, during which we memorized numerous verses of scripture and extorted your future of virtues to all within earshot.
Sadly, after our request for an early release was denied, we somehow misled our faith and returned to the blaspheming gambling, fighting and occasional drug use that's endemic to the penal life.
However, we humbly beseech you to set aside your doubts and suspicions about our sudden piety, this time it's different, this time we're going to stick with the program.
It's true that Lollie is the first faith-based prison in the country, but ask yourself, Lord, could this experiment really do any worse than rehabilitating criminals than regular prisons do?
As Governor Bush noted, almost four out of ten inmates released from institutions in Florida get sent back some day with your help in blessing the labor right-succeed to reduce this appalling rate of recidivism.
As there are 26 religions represented here at Lollie, we've made this prayer generic enough to include all our inmates.
Although we occasionally debate your attitude toward crime and punishment, with one voice we beg you to understand that we're not all incorrigible, despite the embarrassing lengths of our rap sheets, in closing, Lord, withhold your hold of your due decation for the time being.
To quote from the book of Rayford, patience is a virtue as if we had a choice.
That's pretty cute. Carl Hieson from the Amami-Heraldie Wights at the Telehensi Democrat.
Well, it's nine minutes till one, man. It's going to be pretty exciting.
That's another date. That's another date. I don't know if we'd be able to find that.
We have to just do it by memory. Try to remember when we started that God-awful one to two. That very enjoyable one to two comedy bits on. About a year, I'd say.
Now, what was the rationale for that? There was some special reason why I did it.
I don't know. Something was going on. There was something going on one day, and I felt it was inappropriate. I know what it was.
There was something that we didn't want to, it was it like around nine, eleven-ish time or something? Not sure.
Because we've been doing that a long time. Maybe somebody in the answer to remember. Somebody doesn't have their Alzheimer's kicking in yet.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. WQAM, hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, this new Roger speaking. Compton, what is it?
What are you saying? Calling from Homestead. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, let's go to Homestead. Hello.
Yes, sir. Got a couple common. Go right ahead. One on yesterday overheard on Phil Henry. Yeah.
He's sidestep the common. When I was listening to the show from a caller said, what's going on? What do you change your show?
Oh, you become a little more up to the right. He goes, nah, I haven't. I want to become more. I've always been a Franklin,
either a Franklin type of Democrat. That's what you see the theater Roosevelt. What that theater Roosevelt.
Yeah. No, no, theater. No, Roosevelt. Oh, Franklin Rosen, Democrat. What is your tie is right in with you? Every time I think about Reagan and Bush, I think, or Franklin Roosevelt. Wow.
That's what that's what Henry's passing himself off as ending my closing comment. I was kind of a Paul and Shaq being a Spanish, especially over the holidays.
Clear channel. This was incredible to hear. This is the most they some kind of survey that they took of the most this light Christmas song and it was the Spanish in the year.
It was Jose Feliziano's. Yeah, I remember seeing that. I don't understand that. I thought it was great. Yes, that was in. What's going on in America today?
I think it's conservative white America right now going through and right now acknowledging the fact of all the hills and wrongs. And that's part of it too. All the hills and wrongs of what?
Well, you know of minorities and everything else. And hearing that on clear channel, especially to say that was just amazing. Yeah.
But well, you have a good answer. Okay. Thank you so much. If there's an anti-Christ, you sure works at clear channel to that. I think his name is Pete Volger. I could be wrong, but I'm not. I don't think so.
Oh, you know something. How can we didn't put him on there? No, no, no. Pete Volger. Get him on there right now. Just for the radio people, you'll see he'll get some votes just as an outlet for some people's anger and fury and frustration and psychosis over the way he lied to them and screwed them and stabbed them back and ruined their lives.
See, this is I realize we're past the holidays, but you know, all that holiday bull crap about you're supposed to be nice to everybody this time of the year and all this other crap.
Let me say this to you seriously. Those people who think that we pick on mode too much or that it's a pondress or whatever. There's no stick involved there. This is an evil, evil, evil some bitch. Okay. Is what it is. It's one thing if you want to rip somebody else, you think they're show socks or make fun of the way they dress or they're bad wig.
But when you're trying to get people fired when you're school with other people's lives, there are few things in a world other than physical, physical harm. There are few things that exist that are lower than that. That's the kind of scum that we're dealing with there. That is kind of like physical harm actually.
It's even worse because physical army could recover from all the pinning on a bad it is. You get a bruise, you get a bump. But if somebody screws with your life and gets you fired and you and your whole family are out on the beach and your whole life is turned upside down.
And this is the kind of crap that this man has pulled behind the scenes practically from day one, the day he walked his ugly smelly,
a bag-laden ass in that building. So if there's anybody out there, I don't care if we get a point one share. I don't care if all the mo people get to die. We're an every god damn rating book from now until I retire. I don't give a crap. Play all the games you want with your freaking diaries because it still doesn't make him anything about a big old tub of crap.
My name is local. This is Climbs City. The radio's on your side. You in.
So long into two hours.
Welcome back to the highly rated Moe Howard and David are to show. Putting to my own straggation. Okay, stupid. Where were we?
We were doing this.
No, you were doing that to me. Sorry Moe. That's better.
Oh, wrong day.
I didn't see you could tell you that just.
Wrong day. Now you.
Because.
Wrong day gets me.
Not that's it.
Not on my watch. You.
Or on day.
He's up with you.
We put the kung fu grip.
We got one of our three very important coolers on the line him.
W2. What do you want?
Yeah, man. Come on. Spit it out.
I can't understand. The goddamn thing you're saying. What are you doing?
I'm playing with my very poker. I'm all hit down.
You're understandable. Why are you sometimes.
Yeah, jumpy.
You got me. Don't know. Almost there. See you.
Or on day.
Master. Or on day.
Or on day.
Don't.
Yeah.
Yeah. Oh.
Don't. All right.
Look at that. I got it all over my way.
Okay, this is record breaking. It's one o'clock. This is the first time in a
cool and stage. We aren't doing our Wednesday comedy.
Am I right about that or not? Yes. First time in a long time.
Or maybe not. It seems to me that one day we did it on a Thursday.
Was there a reason for that? Was a holiday or something?
Maybe that was it.
I tried to get all about the holidays.
Anyway, we got 471 votes on here, which means we got 872 counting that first hour
when they voted down our comedy, but sour.
Politicians excluded. Well, no living person's grave would you love to dance on?
Rush Limbaugh, man, you can't touch Rush.
130. You can sniff it, but you can't touch it.
You got a bottle here, you can touch it.
OJ Simpson 75 and quarter 47.
Mohawar David had 39.
Absolutely.
Walking turd.
Pat Robertson 35, Jerry Falwell 28, Rosio Donald 21, Bill O'Rally 17, Greg Reed 11.
Well deserved to, by the way, Greg.
See, one of the things I see I'm going to get started. I'm going to get myself worked up and get started on this cramp.
Because the stuff that goes on at WQM could never possibly have been allowed to go on if it weren't for absolutely inept management.
Totally inept.
How could you allow somebody to get away with the kind of crap that's gone on their day after day after day for like the last year and a half?
Nobody in there right now. That's not it.
That's not it.
Anyway, Greg Reed 11, Michael Jackson 11, Rick Sanchez 10, I totally even move up that list. Louis Ferrican 9, Mike Tyson 8, Mike Tyson.
Rosian bars got five, Howard Spurman 5, Olly North 4, Martha Stewart 4, Larry King's only got three and after that it's like 1s and 2s.
Little teeny tiny numbers. Now comes the moment of truth boys and girls. They wanted the one or two or they wanted to Schmidt can at the comedy bits hour.
Now let's see what kind of sensational stuff we get on the phone, right? Right.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Mad Dog at 2.
All right.
Booster for the ailing Humper at 4 this afternoon and then we got Heracune basketball tonight.
Pregame 6 45 Heracune's at North Carolina 7 o'clock followed by Eddie Kay and Joanne Mark in the dark WQ I am.
Nail. Yes, sir. Did you put yourself on there? No. You want me to put myself on there? Yeah. Would you like to dance on my grave?
Sure. Okay. Well put on your tattoos, man. It could be any day. Okay. Let's put me on there. Okay.
That was our first call by the way in the new improved Wednesday. One to two hour. Let's dance on Niels Grave.
All the way is listening. Thank you for listening by the way the Niel Roger show. The once very popular Niel Roger show.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 and what was me by the way, Clarence Payday's Friday this week, the ninth.
I just mentioned that I'm passing. Do your job, Clarence. Get those checks in the mail. Get everything all straight now. Then go back and hang out with the beast. Other the table.
WQ a. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what about savage nation? Michael Savage. Yes. Get him on there. The important.
Michael Savage. You got it. Got it. Okay. He's an asshole, man. He's a nauseous 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQ AM. Hello. WQ AM. Hello.
How you doing, Uncle Niel? Okay, sir. Yeah, you know what you could do instead of the company this hour. Make a time hour. I would enjoy it. I don't get the chance to read that much of the papers. Although I get the New York Times, but a lot of the stuff that you put on the website, I can't possibly find anywhere. No, I'd rather interspersed like I'm doing today, you know, like through the show.
Yeah, that's a good thing because like sometimes people can get all of the things that you find and I appreciate the time that you take to do that. Because I'd honestly say that 70% of Americans are pretty dumb that they don't even pick up a newspaper to find out what you're going on. You're being very kind, man. Very kind. Well, it's funny. What would you say? It takes 30 people stop reading or before that? I don't think Americans read period. I think when you look at the number of people actually buy a book or read it. You know, only young people in the books, they read generally. I mean, what's their fourth?
They're supposed to read for class in high school or college. Other than that, people don't read books. They don't read newspapers. Look at, I hate this. I like an old foggy all the way. I am. But when we were young and growing up, look at all the newspapers that I got out of business since then. Any major city had a half a dozen newspapers. Now you're lucky to have a couple. I remember when I used to live in New York. I used to have the nine hour, the daily news. You have all these other papers that tribune the mirror all of it. Right. And I'm only going to turn half a century this year, but I still remember all of those. Yeah, nobody reads newspapers anymore.
But I'm a little I want to thank you and I just want to say 25 to 30 on the Atkins and I thank you for helping me learn that. All right. All right. Thanks a lot, Pell. I keep it up. Dr. Bob is singing different to now. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I tell you one thing. You can't complain about the copy we get from our sales department. A QA because generally speaking, we don't get any. They are something. They are really quite a bunch. By the way, Bob Eisenberg left in case you missed the show yesterday. Bob Eisenberg is gone. He's gone off to seek his fortune on that yellow brick road. Don't trip in fall.
Bob look what happened to the other Bob. Uh oh, too late now. WQA him. Hello. I had a home step. Yes, sir. I like to talk to Neil speaking. I'm doing good, John. Hey, Leon Redbone. Remember him. Vagely finger. Yeah, we're okay. He checked us out. He's going to be down at the home step art festival this Friday night. I'm going home. Leon. I'm going to go to God. Leon Redbone. I'm just wondering how old this guy is. About 90.
Oh, yeah. I just can't picture him coming down to the home step arts and arts festival this Friday night. Well, I wish I was going to be there, man. I better rush right on down. Hey, Neil, you have a great show. Thanks a lot, pal. I have a great day. Leon Redbone. You're going to go catch that. Oh, yeah. All right. Let's go. Let's all go see the old Redbone. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. By the way, this is a bitch in Ohio with the big earrings.
Those are hoop earrings that tried to claim the 162 million dollars. Yeah, I'm not talking about this. Oh, and you know, the lady that wanted, if you see her Rebecca, she's a sweetheart. She seems really like a nice lady and her husband. Well, I don't want to get into it. But I mean, you know, there must be something there. It doesn't meet the eye. You know, yeah, he's like one step above Gilbert. You know, I'm saying. Yeah, but he's like that. But maybe he's a loving, wonderful devoted father and husband and, you know, he's like, I'm going to be a man.
Another piece of got the money probably dump his answer real quick. 5 6 7 on airs the phone. He won. Peasant tape when she wrote down how she came up with the numbers. One was a birthday to parently another and age. The report also notes that that'll broke down and cried. And also says that she gave the time. A buying lottery ticket between 5 and 7 o'clock that evening December 3. Right. The best news of all is that she a may very well faced criminal charges. Good fraud, which I say is. All right. Excellent. What are you kidding, honey? Nice try though.
You got to hand it to a nice try. No, just jealous. You just don't have a chance to fraudulent try to grab one. I don't know. I bet you somewhere along the line. It's worth at least temporarily until I caught on to somebody. I that's vaguely seems to me that we've had people scam a lot of ways like that. Okay. I bought the ticket. It was me. Yeah. And I got to do it. I got to know for how long. A lot closer than you are. I bought it. Okay. I'm the one with the power of balls, baby. No, never forget it. Let's take some of these calls. This is
a big hour. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. What's going on? How are you doing? I'll find. Um, let me ask a question. Your page for you. Who do you think? Because you know they're going to super. Who do you think they're going to play? Well, why do you why do you say that? Because they're going to play. They got to play. Freak and see when you get a buy like that. You're supposed to be able to play the team like the sisters that are blind. And they wind up with a bad luck. I have to play Tennessee Saturday. That's that's not any pushover, man. That's going to be a tough game. Not a pushover, but you know they can win that game.
I hope all good old time. I played it when I came. What do you think they're going to play in the end of season? Who's who they're going to play against? Yes, in the Super Bowl. I think maybe green Bay green Bay, huh? Because God is up there. You know, Brett Farves father is up there in the sky looking down on the whole thing. Definitely. Definitely. The guy's grave. I want to dance on is the big O because he thinks that he knows everything because he hangs out in the locker room after all the game. He didn't know.
He doesn't know anything. I mean, he's not a bad guy, but he knows nothing about sports. The big nothing zero. But he thinks he knows everything because he hangs out in the locker room. Right. And one more guy, the guy who throws the commercial for that Italian restaurant. That's Bruce. Yeah. I've been fighting. If you know how long I've been fighting my tongue. I think that's a trade out, isn't it, George? I mean, I'm sure the restaurant is fine, but that guy is just brutal. That commercial's brutal. Neil, I love you very much. Every day I may go go up hats. Boy, if the Patriots win the Super Bowl,
again, which is a tough assignment, I have to play the Titans. But if they should, and Tommy Brady wins two rings in, oh, boy, the dolphin fence, because they used to be. It was the Jets. And of course, not the Jets. Weeks, sisters, they suck. Anyway, so that's not a big rivalry as much as it used to be because the Jets just plain suck. But the Patriots, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, the great hatred. The grand, it's all jealousy. That's what it's all about. That's why assholes like Mo and Jodie. Oh, I've even awful lucky this year to pay for his assurement off. Lucky. Yeah. When you win the last 12 in a row and you go 14 and two, you
sure have been very, very lucky, you know, that he took it, that he cock it, that he stick it, all of that crap from the Super Bowl year. And now this year, well, they've been very, very lucky as opposed to having a little bit of class and giving credit to somebody else who did a whole bit of job, you know, can't do it. That's the whole dolphin syndrome. Everybody else sucks. We're great. But we just, uh, we got problems. Five, six, seven, how are we cursed down here, man? I think sometimes we're cursed. Don't let me forget Robert's here. Don't forget.
Robert's here. Lord knows what Robertson wants from the early times. Robert's here is so good. Man, I've said you want to think about the good columnist. They're always good like Molly Ivans and Green, the great columnist. They're always great. And if people are right garbage like Tom Friedman, they're always garbage.
WQ I am. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, you mentioned Canada earlier and me and my wife were up in a park in Maine. Yeah.
And it was so funny when we crossed the border in Canada. There was a Canadian person there and they said, are you carrying any firearms on you? Yeah. Right, which is acceptable. Okay. We're going to come within now, which we weren't.
But when we came back, we had to go back to the American section of the border and they asked, are you carrying any fruit or vegetables with you? Right.
They know they're hoping to bring some more guns and you never have enough in America. You only tell what we're worried about is our, are you hiding a mad cow in your trunk? Yeah, and you know, you want to say something like this is so freaking stupid. Yeah. If there was an ant on the ground, it's not going to cross the border. If there's a bucket in the sky, it's not going to fly across the border. Right. You know, it was so ridiculous. So I enjoy your website, by the way. I can sit there at night and just cruise to your site. I don't have to go to every one of them. It's a great thing to have there and if people don't like it, they just don't like what they have.
Right. You have to say, I mean, nobody's going to force them to go look at it. You know, if they're the prices right. Right. Just like you have it there. It annoys them and they don't like it. You got your thumb on it now, man. They want everything to be the newsmax.com.
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.
miles from the city. And what do you think is protruding up into the sky? What letter?
M, the big M. There was a McDonald's out in Yenem's belt in the middle of nowhere.
McDeath is out there just extending its testicles everywhere. But I can't imagine
more and more people are getting so fat. Can you? 113 here on fat radio man. I am so I got to put the
hang it out here you wouldn't believe it. It is just waiting to see me. Now why when you see me
I'll be I'll be back to where I was before. But I always play that scan you know. Oh look at that
he looks about like he did before. Yeah fat but not you know but right now I got an overhang.
Does this sound like you underpaid and overworked? Would you like a new high-paying career but you just
don't have four years of movie to cash to go to college? If this sounds like your situation fast
train has got these solution for you and it won't even leave a stain and Monica's dress.
Pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train. They can have you train
insert a five for a high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical
computer specialist career in as little as four months. That's absolutely correct you heard me right.
You can be fully trained already for that new career in as little as four short months.
Think about it in just that period of time you can be on your way to changing your life and
getting yourself a real career and a brand new high-paying job. Whether you're working full-time
or part-time fast train offers convenient day evening a week in classes for you. Fast train
also offers job placement assistance financially to people who qualify and because they're all
over town they have locations in Miami for Lauderdale, Kendall and Pemberett finds the chances are
pretty damn good. There's a location nearby you. Johnny MacPris the African queen is singing
chances are. So don't wait pick up that phone and call fast train right now or check them out
of the web first at fast train.com and then make that call it could really change your life for
better. Call 1-866 fast train. No forget to tell me that old Todd Dreck told you to call.
We're sports radio 516-2AM.
New Canada. A land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performance.
And now these legendary conucks pay tribute to one another on this new CD, the best of Canadians
singing other Canadians featuring Ann Murray's version of this rush classic.
And Russia's take on this Ann Murray standard.
The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Z2A,
white Celine Dion's rendition of this Neil Young number.
Neil Young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit.
But that's not all. There's Shania Twain singing Brian Adams, crash test dummies doing the
lattice more set. Snow wrapping the guess who and Gordon Whitefoot performing this bear naked
lady smash hit. Pick up your copy of the best of Canadians singing other Canadians.
The great whiteboard has never been so great or for that matter so white.
1-18 at 560 WQ Amateur gigantic. New and improved one at two wins they are.
So you just fast me a story that we have on our website either yesterday or
sorry Christian theme nudist colony planned to your Tampa but why not.
I think it's on today's website. Sure better than that Christian jail.
Piles of trash, dirty lakes, races, property deeds and pedophiles living nearby haven't
deterred one man's dream of creating a Christian theme nudist community.
Maybe I didn't put it on a website. Maybe I got it here in my pile.
I haven't gotten too deep into my pile today you know what?
They've done that before though. What's that? Christian nudist colonies and events and
Christian nudist clubs. What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with saying? You call that a penis?
But oh god that's good or something like that.
Anyway Hudson Florida is the place. Hudson I never heard it in my life.
It's 30 miles outside of Tampa.
About 30 man. Bill Martin has purchased about 240 acres of land in Hudson.
30 miles outside of Tampa for a little more than 1.6 million dollars.
Much of it on the side of an old nudist colony that had fallen into disrepair
for where she and his business partners hope to transform into a modern day
Garden of Eden. The Bible very clearly states that when Adam and Eve were right with God
they were naked said David blood executive director of the project.
Oh god when people are right with God they don't have to fear nudity.
The renovated park to be called nature would feature an open church a giant water park for the kids
and classes in family building and strengthening marriage.
Martin hopes to have enough of the trash removed in facilities face to face
up for a natureous marriage retreat and nude back to his own ceremony in April.
Further renovation additions are planned for completion within two years.
He said he hasn't figured out yet what to do with about four registered sex offenders living
in a round the park that we said he'll discuss it with his attorneys.
Maybe we can get the binocular concession right they have those digital camera binoculars now.
Now I'm beginning to wonder about that piece that I keep referring to about Windsor Ontario.
Well first of all somebody faxes this and I printed that out.
Oh Windsor Southern most major city in Canada is the Essex County Ontario close to Lake San
Karen Detroit over the border in Michigan USA.
Population is 208,000 with the metropolitan area of over 307,000.
Windsor's model is the river and the land sustain us.
Interestingly enough it's the only puddle on Canada Southern border we're crossing to the U.S.
involves heading north. Well I'll be damned.
North to Detroit. I don't know if that song by Johnny Horton North to Detroit.
I don't either.
I just have a story here because I did a search murder rate in Windsor Ontario which I can't
find what I'm looking for but I found an amazing story from a magazine called 14850 Magazine by
Laurie Robinson Keegan.
I'm maybe at the end of it it says who she is.
Oh wife, mother and jazz vocalist is a voice instructor at Ethicus Community School of Music and Arts.
She holds a music degree from Ethica College and has found that it makes an excellent spare
placement for those unexpected guests from music degree.
And the story is about Windsor Ontario and Detroit and that's not what this is.
That's not the right story.
About the murder rate in Detroit is 14, oh I see.
When it's the it's about censorship in America.
When the statistics bandied by promoters the censorship are compared with other statistics
just as factual just as black and white the picture shifts consider this off-coded statistic.
The murder rate in Detroit Michigan is 14 times higher than the murder rate of Windsor Ontario
which here's the same TV stations.
Many people are exposed to violent media.
Don't commit senseless criminal acts.
It seems media is not the only problem and censorship of the media is probably not a real solution.
So her the column is basically all about censorship but the idea that oh we've got too much violence
and too much sex and yadda yadda but the people are watching the same shows and of course all
the same shows are on in Europe too.
Are they killing each other over there?
No.
All the same shows they're all on.
All the violent shows all the sexy shows which are a lot more than you'll see in the west TV by far.
But don't confuse people with the facts.
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line QAM.
Hello.
Are your panties wet?
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Like the top of the air.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes.
Two more people to add to your list.
Okay.
About the two reverings.
Sharps and um, Daxa.
Sharps and uh, politician we got the jacks down there thank you.
Doesn't it say politicians excluded?
Yeah yeah.
They just did that part.
Well they can't be less than the whole four hours unfortunately they tuned in to hear our big
one to two hour.
Look at that the phone a little week there scared me for a second to unscreenless.
I mean you know if this is what the audience wanted they'd better live up to their part of their
bargoon you know what I mean.
Otherwise you'd be amazed at how fast we can go back we got 80 billion comedy bits in the
CCS computer.
Politicians excluded what well-known living person's grave would you love to dance on?
Rush Limba 143.
OJ Simpson 84 they hate you OJ and quarter that skanky bitch 50 that pastrami hang in slut.
Moe Howard David at 44 that obnoxious old trouble making piece of crap.
Cooot Pat Robertson 36 Jerry Falwell 31 Rosie O'Donnell 23
Bill O'Reilly 17 Louis Ferricon 14 Greg Reads got a dozen.
Michael Jackson Rich Stance has 11 apiece.
Mike Tyson 8 Howard Spurm 7 Rose Ann Var 5 Olly North have five Martha Stewart's got four.
Just slipped a whole bunch of Pete Rose for Larry King 3 Jesse Jackson 3 Bob Novak 2.
Sean Hannity 2 Chuck Heston 2 the on Sanders appear.
Gordon Litties got one Matt Ruggins got one I got one the big always got one.
Oh and no votes yet for Laura Ingram I can't believe that or look a whole bunch of people with
no votes Mariah Carey Don I'm as they figure why bother has been dead for 20 years.
Tammy Fave Baker George Will Michael Savage and Nicole Smith and PD Volger I
told you Pete Volger get a lot of votes tonight.
Well once the radio people start voting this will be on their all the way through and not only that
but the most important statistic here since we got a lot of numbers going on.
533 plus 401 is what?
934 last time I checked right?
Hey listen don't be on and at that.
Oh sorry numbers.
That means we need only 66 votes for a thousand a day during the show.
All right is that is that record breaking?
It's a little inaccurate when you reset the poll then the people that have voted get to the voting.
It doesn't make any difference.
Now that's that's bogus man and that's not the point.
There's still votes on a poll they still have to physically go in the and yank it and of
course part of the reason being that it's so popular today is we got that bush the bush deal.
I'm telling you if you tuned in late you've got to go to near Rogers.com today if you never
usually go to it or you never go to it again trust me what I tell you this would be more fun
than spanking the old monkey.
It's a beautiful thing.
The dishonest W of living action figure.
Better turn on my speaker again.
I don't hear it.
What's just happened?
I heard a click.
No that's the click but that's not the oh it's got a load again.
See once you go off of that page.
I just opened up a new window.
What a fool I am man I should have saved mine.
You can be pumping it all day long man.
I had a great time.
567.0560.
Pound 560 on a 18t by by six o'clock tonight you should have enough pretzels for the whole family
waiting around.
That's right.
Call in the neighbors kids.
WQAM hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I wanted to do a poll on the worst
reception of radio stations.
I think QAM is the worst reception in the forest.
That's a good that's an excellent idea.
Yeah throw up any stations you want.
How I'm going to go QAM.
Okay thanks a lot Pelling.
Okay.
I'm having a very good.
Yeah that's something the fact that we got this awful awful soon.
Did I dream that or did somebody tell me that our signal is hell of a lot worse than usual.
I don't know maybe you'd read it.
And I don't think so.
I think our sir of course it could be much worse than usual.
We'd have nobody listen but don't forget HD digital baby.
Yeah but if you got one of them HD digital radio's
of which there are only a few in existence.
Fuck third man.
In the entire world then we sound spiffy.
But I'd love to hear that.
I'd love to hear the comedy material.
Yeah in stereo.
I'm going to find a better one.
We're in stereo.
I'd like to hear we got him in stereo.
And bring a tear to my eye.
Yeah in the 5 6 7.
I'm going to put that weapons.
Oh the armchair warrior.
Armchair warrior would be good.
Great.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
Inforizon wireless line.
If you're wondering if it's Wednesday and you tune in.
Where's all that good comedy bit stuff?
Schmidt can.
Gone.
History.
Bye bye.
We took a vote on it in the first hour this morning
and being the Democratic FN way the audience said.
And it was it was pretty close.
53.5% said
ditch it dump it.
Schmidt can it.
And 43.5%
Oh please keep doing it.
So maybe maybe just once in a great while
when they least expected.
Not as a regular feature.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Keep them off.
Always keep them off balance.
That's a sucker punch.
Right like like a Miss Tanner would say.
Well you know the rating start on Thursday.
By the way the rating start tomorrow.
The winner book is Thursday.
I just mentioned that.
Starts tomorrow.
And don't forget what I said about Mo.
Remember what I said yesterday?
Oh you say a lot of things all the time about Mo.
Jenny Ray February and March these three months.
I'm going to stick my foot so far up his ass
that my toes will be tickling his muskrats bottom.
Jesus Christ.
28 past one at 560 WQM.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from.
Financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
Zero closing costs.
Zero application fee.
Zero credit bureau fee.
Zero discounted points.
Get the unbelievable new low interest rate of just one
point two five percent.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere
three hundred and thirty four bucks a month.
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your pay only six sixty eight a month.
And don't forget once you be fined as to get new home mortgage from
financial group you'll never ever
pay closing costs again.
So call toll free right now.
Find out about it.
Call one eight hundred nine four ohlin.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
And then you can move to your next property without any further cost of
expense.
Zero underwriting fee.
Zero dock fees.
Zero closing cost.
Even like I said when you move to another property.
Get yourself that new low rate financing.
It's just one point twenty five percent.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
For all the details call today one eight hundred nine four ohlin.
To never pay closing costs again.
Financial group one eight hundred nine four ohl.
END the unique housing lender restrictions do apply.
Rates are subject change monthly four point two one.
APR.
APR.
APR.
This is for twin devices.
QAM.
For you, Drudge Packin.
A American girl.
In American God who only listen to the message from the Uber ride.
We'll have their tables off line.
As the troops come home dead they find the comfort of the night.
I'm under the bed.
I never served in armament.
I'm too afraid to fight.
So I sit right here near the DB far from liberal.
I wonder their covers you'll discover.
I'm a big city.
It would prefer to have some other do the fighting for me.
Now this country I love is occupied in Iraq.
And all the suckers like me whose necks are red in the back.
Have our tongues all placed firmly in bushes big ground.
I the big mouth cowards of the world who gladly follow.
Hey Uncle Sam up to a grade.
Tick-pick or enlist.
But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist.
And my flag will fly from the back of my truck.
Not gonna be out of tune.
Oh patriotic the **** in my view of the old ride world
is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah I'm an armchair warrior who knows better than you.
Who the ****?
I'm an inbred jerk who parrots anything they say.
Don't have to read or research it's so much easier this way
to watch TV or looking pictures.
Did you wish it today with my finger of my ass
as I tickle my brain and Uncle Sam up to a grade.
Tick-pick or enlist.
But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist
as I know my flag.
So I can pull on my foot to proudly show the swathe the good fact
to them on my nuts.
The Saudis are our best friends in the world.
Like those Iraqis or Jews.
I am an armchair warrior who knows better than you.
I'm an inbred jerk who parrots anything they say.
You know that inspired me for tomorrow's pull
and you'll never guess what I'm gonna be asking tomorrow.
I already got a written down.
What's your favorite statement?
What a man.
In what American city would you find the highest percentage of
goobers?
Isn't that great?
Sure.
That's one of my favorite pulls of all time.
And guess what I voted.
I already got one on there.
Let me get the clip.
Because I'm going through the list in my head.
Let me give you a clue.
Let me give you a clue.
Oh well yeah.
Oh man.
Der.
Even Nashville can't hold a candle to tempt.
Talk about a bunch of inbred yahoo of geek.
Ah, geek.
You remember that the guy that had the deli over there?
No.
You needless to say isn't it business no mo?
Yeah, you don't remember him because he was bitten by five minutes.
Nothing like opening up a deli in Tampa with a bunch of redneck goy.
Anyway that's going to be the more I love that.
The highest percentage is not not the most but the highest percentage.
Like maybe a hundred percent goobers.
I would say there's a few like rational ordinary people in Tampa.
About third man.
That's it.
And they looked apart.
You know like we always talk about how the born again Christians,
the real religious fanatics that have the deep set eyes like they're about
cool eyes you know.
And then the thing with the people in the places like Tampa,
they all have like the orange hair and they're like cartoon characters.
Yeah.
Man.
Yeah.
Very strange place.
Anyway, Eric is working overtime.
He is doing it.
Well before that Kobe Bryant something nominates for our polis get Kobe on there.
You know what he's going to get?
What punishment he's going to get?
What?
None.
Yeah, you're right.
Take it to the bank.
They're going to get a slap on the wrist.
He's got to run fast and jump high and slam a jam at a ball man.
He don't have time to be going to jail.
Kobe, you'll see.
And they like that beef too.
Oh and speaking of meat.
When one of our regular factures and thank you so much says I've had the new
wraps at Subway and they're very good.
They look good on the TV ad but then again so does everything else.
The wrap itself has got five net grams of carbs.
I prefer the chicken bacon wrap because it's got cube chicken breast
while the turkey bacon wrap has got sliced turkey.
Also the chicken wrap has three less grams of carbs.
You can have any six inch sub is a wrap for 50 cents extra.
Although I've been unable to convince the Indians running my local subway of this he says.
Well let's see.
Carbs.
See this is this is one of the things that Atkins pedals for it's for example the chicken bacon ranch.
Uh shows 19 grams of carbs.
But Atkins always says oh but it doesn't the body doesn't absorb your
so he tries to probably that's only like four or five carbs.
I don't know if that's true or not.
Do you know what I mean?
No what do you mean?
The turkey bacon melt.
Oh this has got Canadian values.
Oh US values and Canadian values.
The turkey bacon melt has got 22 grams of carbs but Atkins would tell you.
He's sick on different to these days since he had that fall.
He's had his probably only about four or five.
Yeah he's thinking one ton tomato.
Anyway Eric as I started to say before I got whipped up with my food again there he goes
with that fat stuff.
Uh he went back and he dug out the dates.
Now the reason that the first pool said oh was because was only a demonstration pool.
That's why I had zero.
That was October 12th 1998.
Now it seems to me that we started on a QAM in December.
December 30th 97 is that right?
That sounds right?
Yeah.
We started December 30th 97 because I told Duff Lindsay who was calling on behalf of Greg
Reed to tell me that the studio wasn't going to be ready on time.
I told him well somewhere I'll be on year December 30th either QAM or someplace else.
And voila there was that maple leaf studio.
And at last weekend boy the night before there was George Corso in a bunch of other monkeys
running all around.
Well stuck being shipped in from Philadelphia trying to put equipment together with the most
patchwork pathetic piece of crap.
And Greg takes his whole family and heads off to Chicago.
Being a coward that he is.
What would you do?
What do you mean what would I do?
I'd go to Toronto.
I wouldn't come to Chicago.
I said too many shfarts is there.
But at any rate.
Let's see our first real pool was on February 9th 2000.
As long as I live I'll never forget that day that I'm sitting down there on the second floor.
You must remember it too.
Remember all that summer we had to play I had to keep playing music.
Right?
Because the phones weren't working.
I didn't realize it.
The phone was broke most of the time.
And the one day I'm sitting there and I'm saying
few you and your full of Schmidt I every word it's ever it's like that bit on this CTV.
Where the guy is sitting there and begging for a call finally the phone
reason it's the wrong number.
And I couldn't make the phone ring for love or money.
And I finally picked it up and manually and the phone lines were all dead.
And it'd been that way for like a half an hour.
And I'm sitting there having a stroke trying to find out how come nobody is listening.
Nobody is calling.
And the phone was dead.
Nice going Greg.
No one you got a dozen votes on a pool.
People would like to dance on your grave.
In fact let's see is he's probably a 13 like I said.
Not a lucky number Greg.
Uh oh look out.
February 9 2000 was our first real pool.
Okay.
Now what are these other numbers here?
I don't I don't understand.
Two.
Oh I see he's he's got them by number.
I suppose this this Eric.
What did you do to him?
You must have put the fear of God.
He's a hammer something because his labor of love has expanded into the labor of like an orgy.
He is just obsessed with doing this website.
Nice going Eric.
We appreciate it.
And spider what George says.
19 till 2 at 5 60 WQM.
I know something I'm glad we're not doing a comedy bits anymore.
I really am.
I don't know if it'll have any impact or change anything.
The phones are smoking there.
I'm not talking to talk to him right now.
But it just I don't know that was like a lazy way out.
Sure.
It was lazy.
And when you get fat lazy in complacent it's just not the good way to go.
I mean we have to like fight the good fight.
And does that sound pretty good?
Errg full of crap.
I went in.
Full of crap.
Anyway speaking of fat people.
Oh and you know what I haven't said even once today and he didn't get through.
Hiya Pally!
There you go because we're going to talk about Donald Mattress and that's his account.
Hiya Pally!
If I see his probably laying his big fat ass out of Mattress somewhere right now.
If he's not over there getting a hand job downtown if that's a place you used to hang out.
Chris Rallett.
Anyway call our friends at Donald Mattress today.
1-800-Matress.
You can be sleeping as soon as tonight.
Just like fat boy he can be laying pro-naught on a really hot mattress.
Maybe doing some hot stuff.
Kick off the new year by treating your back and your health right because
nothing can improve your daily health well being in productivity better.
Then getting a good night's sleep, night in and night out.
So celebrate the new year with a new mattress and Donald Mattress.
Call him right now.
They're proud to have had it Stearns and Foster.
They're already strong unbeatable champion ship lineup.
Stearns and Foster's the finest mattress made in America today.
And you can sleep on one as soon as tonight if you make that call now 1-800-Matress.
And as always our friends at Donald Mattress carried the complete line of all the top names in the world.
They got them all.
You want them?
They got it.
Seagaly, Sura, Simmons, King Quarrel, Temperpeedic.
Choose from dozens of models that low unbeatable every day low discount prices.
And only Donald Mattress lets you pick that the two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule
any day of the week seven days from 8 in the AM till 10 in the PM.
With low prices same day delivery, free set of removal is easy for anybody to see
that Donald Mattress is the best in the world in customer satisfaction.
I've been doing it for years.
George McGill just about everybody at QM.
In fact if a railroad had got himself canned it's a one thing he really missed out on.
Was given a free mattress from Donald Mattress.
Call him today toll free at 1-800-MATRES or check him out online at macrus.com.
My, in local, near sports video 560s, you a-u-a-m.
Gary, that's a blue thing.
I've only one big day to live.
Don't put me down, sit down.
We got a- I will help you and say you got a-
He won't attack us the most.
You got a way to push my fingers.
You say not in Lebanon but they got you to believe.
Can't get any government that'll hold on to country believe.
You believe what they say like they're going to put the most for you.
I say you and I raise the stakes of it all.
And too.
All the election of Donald.
Oh!
You got a thing with you.
You got a thing with you.
You got a thing with you.
You got a thing with you.
You got a thing with you.
You got a thing with you.
I realize this is two separate polls but now you're nitpicking.
You just try to make trouble.
That means we only need 11 more to get to 1000.
Okay.
I don't care whether you're impressed or not.
I'm impressed.
Anyway, Robert Cheerscom, Chris Almos always am because he's great at 80 times.
Don't forget to read that Robert's share column.
Oh yeah! Lord knows what Robertson wants.
At first before I saw the light I didn't believe that God actually told that Robertson
the George W. Bush would sweep the November election.
Why for Evans take what a divine power describe it in scripture is supremely wise
and just employ a self-indulgent partisan hack with a history of bigotry and greed as his spin-meister.
We all know that Robertson is a long time supporter of Bush and that the president has adhered to the reference right wing agenda.
But would Robertson dare use the Lord's name in vain for partisan politics?
Would he rip off God's clout just to boost his candidate's chances?
No, I don't believe Robertson if hearing eternity in hell would be so bold so I take him at his word.
I think George Bush has been a win in a walk, he said.
I really believe I'm hearing from the Lord that it's going to be a blow-out election in 2004.
He told his television flock, citing several days of prayer at the end of 2003.
The Lord has just blessed him.
I mean, he could make terrible mistakes and comes out of it.
It doesn't make any difference what he does, but or bad.
God picks him because he's a man of prayer and God's blessing him, he said.
The Lord had said works in mysterious ways so Robertson's report that God has picked a presidential winner before the first primary may not be altogether crazy.
After all, one of the tenets of the Protestant Revolution which was developed in some quarters into Robertson's brand of cynical televangelism was that we were all capable of hearing voices of the divine.
Divine or not, Robertson heard some voices and the explanation for why God might have chosen to speak up in favor of a president who made such a hash of our economy and foreign policy can't to me in a dream.
The Almighty, a booming voice told me, was using Robertson to warn the electorate while there's still time that disaster was in the often.
Yes, he was saying the election could be a blow-out, but he wasn't saying that that was a good thing.
Robertson missed the point, the voice said.
I couldn't get it all being half asleep.
What I heard was something about the Roman Empire and the sacrifice of his only son.
That said, I said, building awake.
Of course, the Lord is a guest at the imperial ambitions of the neo-conservatives.
After all, Hadn't he sent Christ to warn about the greed, elitism, jingoism, commercial decadence and other indulgences that were endemic and a world distorted by the arrogance of the Roman Empire?
A world in which the money changes were worshippers and the poor were exploited, a world in which the military was lavish with resources while the peacemakers were scorned?
The Romans were arguably the most economically and militarily advanced force the world has ever known.
But in their hubris as the world's sole superpower, they came to believe that might made right in their fight to conquer the barbarians who surrounded them.
Those who criticized the Romans' ultimate reliance on brute force and false argument were dismissed, with references to the exalted goals of the empire,
to advance Roman civilization and impose a lasting peace, goals that now have an eerie echo.
That must be the essence of the warning that the Lord sent down through the admittedly imperfect vessel of Robertson.
Perfect, however, for the purpose of alarming us to Robertson's fonding enthusiasm for Bush, no one is better exemplified be trail of the Christian commitment to peace and free will.
It was Robertson, after all, who sought to turn the war against terrorism into a religious war against those he defined as impenels.
Had he lived in Christ's time, he probably would have been the Roman Emperor's groupie.
I see a blowout in the year 37 for Tiberius.
He certainly would have been thrown out of the temple for co-zing up to dictators, just such as his dealings with former Liberian President Charles Taylor, in his quest for riches and a goldmining venture in that nation.
Fortunately, the citizens of our Republic have ensurredded all of their rights to the needs of our burgeoning empire, but rest assured that a blowout victory for the administration that has stripped away so much of our liberty and settled us with ever-spanning burdens of empire,
would only feed the monster of imperial ambition that has even God so worried.
What a good column by Robert Sheeran the early times today. It's on our website.
See, we're like interspersed one here, one there, like, you know, a little bit, little taste sticking to throw in the water.
That's the way we'll be doing it. We got a thousand yet or what? We need 590 and 9.
Ah! Are you looking at it?
Oh, the pole? Yeah. Take a look at it right now.
Take a look at it. Yeah, I'm looking. What does it say?
599. Alright! Alright! Is that possible or what? I think I'm blessed.
Yeah, I think the guy has imbued me with the special powers.
599 exactly on our second pole, which puts us at even 1000 for the day.
Politicians excluded what famous well-known living person would you like to dance on their grave?
I'm doing pretty well by the way. I'm moving up. I got the 5. I'm packed with Martha Stewart, Ali North and Roseanne Barr.
You go, girl. Yeah. And I'm only one ahead of I am. Pete Folger, you said wouldn't get any. He's got three.
Pete Folger's got three, baby. He's moving on up. All the people living screwed over and had their lives here by that son of bitch. They're voting.
Rush Limbaugh though 161. It won't catch rush. OJ Simpson 94. I'll tell you one thing. That is really something.
When you can, when you can pass OJ, you remember the days when OJ would, he was like Moa's. He was unbeatable.
He was the king and the queen just like Moa's for one. No matter what pole we put the Moa's to run, you couldn't touch him with a stick.
Absolutely. Even a burning branded iron. But now Rush has just so angered and disgusted and revolted with his hypocrisy and his pro-popping and his bullshit that they despise him with a purple passion.
161 votes OJ 94 almost double and Corpers. He's doing pretty well at bitch 55. Moa Howard, David 46 is usual. Make it a good running. Pat Robertson 39.
Jerry Falwell 33 and every little small small potatoes after that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line. WQM. Hello.
WQM. Hello. Hey, how's it going?
Okay. Good. I'd like to add Don King, beautiful. Okay. Somebody mentioned that before, but we were a remiss. We didn't put him on it. We'll stick him.
Okay. Pick him. Thanks. And his stadium back in Palm Beach County, where he belongs. Nice throw though, Don. See, this is not a thing. Here's a guy who like is widely suspected to be a murderer, although so is 50 sand, isn't he?
Yeah, no, that's just part of the lifestyle part of the murder. It was so many months. What do you mean part of the lifestyle? They were done for him. What do you expect? Oh, I see. Oh, that's part of the lifestyle. That's what got to brother. That's what got to brother.
He doesn't say brother. Same thing. He said they hit us. We hit him back. You know, they could shoot in me. Oh, there's a very disturbing interview.
If you go to the CNN website with Robert Duval, always loved Robert Duval. I still do. I love his acting, but I don't know.
Of course, you can take anything out of context, but it just makes him sound like such a hard ass and a whiner and complainer.
So don't read it. If you like Robert Duval, he says in Godfather 3 that they paid, but he wouldn't have minded if Al Pacino got double the pay.
But he got like four times the amount that they offered him and he said, screw it.
And he said that Francis Ford Coppola came to his house to discuss it and all he cared about was some recipe that.
Seriously, in retrospect, I think Robert made the right choice. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, what is this?
All these awards that Sophie Coppola is getting now? What is that all about as a director? Oh my God.
Certainly not as an actress. Not for the world's largest nose. She did a review where she admitted that that was a horrible mistake that she had been having.
Stay now. The only good thing that the movie was when she finally she took one in a chest and they bad part of it.
It's took to all the way to almost the end of the movie to happen. She said she wished she hadn't done it.
She only ever wanted to direct that's all she's going to do from now on. God almighty. Sophie. Sophie. Don't do it. Sophie.
I'll tell you one thing. As amateur hour has her performance was she had an excuse because it was all nepotism. Right.
But what about Eli Wallack? What was his excuse? I don't know. Boy. I saw I watched some of that on the plane.
I'm right to go over in the 77 and they all three Godfather movies. So I watched a little bit of that again and hit his performance from the beginning till he finally choked on that canole.
Yeah. Maybe maybe we could have an E.I. Wallack doll like the bush woman got today and he could be gagging on the canole.
That would be great. 155 at 560 WQM if you're looking at your carpets in your gagging because the company from Christmas in Chanooka New Year's is left your house looking like a mess.
Here's the answer for you. Have your carpets your area rugs your drapery all professionally cleaned by our good friends at ride concepts.
I've been using them in my house for over 20 long and scuciating years now and boy there've been a zillion other companies that have come and gone in town during the period of time they've been around.
And they're still going stronger than ever because of the best in the world. They make your carpets look just like brand new no matter how schmutz you're hopeless they look right now.
They're certified trade technicians reading all their stuff and they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they even start doing the job.
So if we want brand new looking carpets that are fractured the cost of replacing your carpets these are the people you want to call.
Your carpets will be dry in a couple of hours. You'll be ready to rock and roll again. And when you do call ride concepts as car can say 15% of neck carpet cleaning by being put on their stand by list.
Call them today toll free nobody can even touch them call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 along under their prestigious website at dragconcepts.com.
My my and lulls this is for 305-60. You are.
Hi, I'm Sophia Coppola when I'm not acting which is most of the time I like to cruise around with my famous father.
Take a left. Yes, daddy. And I'm really learning to take direction well too. Take a right. Yes, daddy. And now I'm even doing car. I'm even doing car.
Commercials commercials. Oh, daddy. What do you think this is anyway?
Get the nuts. By these hopefuls we'll go down. So pay.
158 we got the man. Come along at two. We got the booster for Hank again for the second day in a row. Hank, I'm missing this is not the way to start the new year. You know what?
When you think of your all the dick and around all the substitutions and the vacations and the you know this is the time to be healthy.
To be slim and trim like me. Come on, hop forget with it. We want the load back tomorrow.
Half a load ain't even close. I mean the book used to be a load but now he's like about half. Good guy in the booster but boy his talk show.
In fact, I put him right in there with the big O. Not that the booster doesn't know what he's talking about. That's the difference.
It's just that he's so nandy. Pandy doesn't want to say anything. Although he was good that they called in from the parade. That was great. That was special.
WDQM our last call that I believe. Hello. You know on on the captain of Sophia Coppola in the movie. You know the story right that that the part was written for when owner writer and she backed out of the very last minute.
Literally like the last week before production. I'll be there. She's probably busy shoplifting and macy's exactly exactly and and and Sophia Coppola was a was a production assistant. She was the only one that uses the script. And so she stepped in.
I'll be damned. Son of son. In other words, we thought all along it was just blatant the nepotism and to come to find out it wasn't quite so bad. It was it was blatant desperation actually.
Okay. Thanks a lot. Only the nose knows. Hey Sophia. Mary Mary. Daddy.
Boy, that was enough that you wanted to give a stab would have been in port taste, but you want to do a standing ovation at that point.
We talked about our theater. We applauded. Did you really? Yeah. The whole theater should shame on you. I was standing in a plotting when Eli Wallack ate the last can only. It was a beautiful thing.
Oh, and speaking of those chocolate cover can always like from Doris market. Anyway, that's it. We broke the record over a thousand votes during the show today, even though George wants to put an asterisks next to it.
625 and the 401 is 1026 sounds like to me. Man, dog coming along next boy to papy. It's going to kick some ass this weekend. And is he going to be jealous about it or what?
Bye, bye, bye.
Even though you hate seafood.
