Mike
I absolutely want a pew
I miss this boring
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeming up with radio's original bad boy
Who now looks like an SD old lady
Listen Bernie, I'm a sell-out intern this coffee siphon
Yes, every morning, see I'm a sly listen to a tape of other people's counter-e vits
Why?
I'm the air
I did a hammer to bite into this muffin just so I could pass press-on blade like you
See his wild behind the scenes at it
I also make them a triangle-high-man you are the wallers cook-cook-a-tune
Now get me some fresh coffee or you're fired
I miss he's irreverent so I want to deal with the poll
He's topical
So I want to deal with his water gap rate
He's incoherent
I'll tell you what that's, uh, the government president, what does that have to do with that?
He's I've been standing for a week
And he's only on MSNBC
A cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations go but he listens to
And when somebody gets some fresh jingle, it's I miss
A community
Hello to it 560 WQM Happy Thursday too
Got some big I'm missing Don and Mike News
We're not really big but
Media-oker
Medium big
Although, uh, here's George Tenet
Gone in the fall of 2000
Yeah
See, I direct your George Tenet as on there going but a beep but a boop
But a boop
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
But Iraq was a dangerous and son of was a bad guy and we still haven't found it yet
But they've taken a few potshots at David K
But the most important thing he did say was
No one ever said Iraq was an imminent threat
You got that etched in your mind or eventual?
An imminent threat
No one ever said, in other words within the intelligence agency
Which of course is what they'll president they told us
And that was the justification for going to war
And of course the Tony Blair was spewing the same kind of crap about a 45 minute window for an attack
And guess what?
Nobody who knew ever said they were an imminent threat
But at any rate, I just mentioned that in passing and you can know
You can do whatever you want
Before we do the I'mus and Don and Mike thing, here's the result yesterday's poll again
Oh that one website that's a U of M thing
You have to subscribe to get like inside of it
A U of M sports a jockstiffing thing
Ah
I'm right, Tony we had a lot of hits from there so we have some positive people
Not listening to the show of course at U of M because Don and Shalili wouldn't permit that
They're all busy waxing their Shalili's at U of M
But probably just checking out the booby
You know right and when you go to U of M you do get a booby prize is what I'm here and that's what the beast told me
He got two
Two 21 103 votes again yesterday
That's why we're going to have to take those two polls today to find out what else going on here
On our website and of course Eric has been doing a fantastic job these last two months
It's really been great working with them
Here's the poll question today which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous
Nice job Eric I'm sorry I sent you all those stories for today but it's always great to go out with a flourish
Which of these do you think was the most obscene or outrageous?
2100 to 811 votes they're just pouring in faster and I could even read them but I'll try
George W. Bush sends thousands of U.S. troops to war based on lies 926
Nobody ever said that Iraq was an imminent threat
Oh where did I just hear that?
926 said that
George W. Bush steals the 2000 presidential election which we all know of course
Absolutely 552
Enron rips off investors for millions 146
WQM hires Mohawar david 111 very nice impressive fourth place showing
Michael Jackson molest cancer stricken kid alleged 99 finger pointing rush limbaugh turns out to be a junky 87
Clinton Lewinsky penis skates sex scandal 85 WQM fire Scott Perrell 41
Dan marina tells Wayne to stick it 31 just in Janet Super Bowl flap after all of this
Timmis after all the hysteria and the hand ringing and the finger pointing and the
Apologizing after all of that just in Janet Super Bowl flaps only got 231% out
Of over 2100 votes no big deal
Robert Blake Hills Bonnie Lee alleged only six and Martha Stewart insider trading alleged only
Four out of 2111 votes how do you like that?
Here's the first poll today not something you really have to either one of these
Which of course means we're going to a lot a lot of great calls today you'll see watch WQM hello
It's all this you big fat. So anyway here's the first poll that was you M
That was you there that was Mike Rosenthal at the University of Miami's all
Upset about the Adonis she lately comments yeah screw you asshole
Poll number one how long have you listened to this show on the internet for choices for you I'm a regular a long time
I'm fairly new but before tidigate only started since tidigate broke and I'm not a real listener just monitoring
Huh cover's all the basis by the way thanks for the great work Eric you've been a real treat
How long have you listened to these show on the internet I'm a regular a long time I'm fairly new but before tidigate
Only started since tidigate broke which would have been Sunday night I guess there was a game one there and I'm not a real
Listener just monitoring which has some ominous tones I'm monitoring you right anyway here's the I'm
Is and Don and my crap anybody know who down in my car good
Lloyd Grove in the New York Daily News writes and this is on radio and records today so it might actually be true
It's always difficult to know for sure when radio jock Don I miss is taking one of his patented on air
Ten terms probably because you can't understand what he's saying but his explosion of vanity fair right or more in
Orthon Friday was apparently the genuine article I miss who show on WFAM a M
As I'm a cast on MSNBC was clearly irked at the wife of NBC News personality Tim Russell and I'm a show
Riger aborted a phone interview so that you could vlog her much hype Michael Jackson expose on CNN's American morning
She's blowing us off for CNN that's volshmit he exclaimed I miss erupted his unsensitive profanity clearly audible on the
Year you can't do that to me again booking somebody was blowing us off I'm not saying you'll be fired but he
Rated producer Bernard McCork this is outrageous is what he said yesterday I miss decline to comment on the incident
MSNBC spokeswoman had this to say about dropping the S bomb we regret that this went out over our air but
Assure a lot of apologizing lately isn't it by the jie's no we don't though or fast if she thinks it'll all blow over
Said in the statement I certainly hope so I've known Don I miss since the 70s and I think he's the best right the best dead man in the chair
Making a lot of cash she added in an obvious attempt to placate the ornery 63 year old he's only 63 he could pass for 90 looks like my grandpa
Then the fair publicity director Beth knees whatever that is
Sneeziac
Bless you told me that or through it phone I miss from the CNN green room was not at fault
We scheduled her to tightly Sneezie X said adding that orth ended around this interview after mere five minutes because the CNN
Staff are were standing nearby demanding that she do so we thought CNN wasn't going on till later
There would be plenty of time to go over on I miss
Sneeziac pointed out that orc was ready to go on with I miss on Thursday right after today show a print
But I miss his booker said Friday would be better she'll never be on again. I miss Vod after what's sudden departure not ever she's banned for life
Well, how many people are watching I miss 30 people are we gonna miss Marine now in the wake of that not to be out done of course
Don and Mike land two weeks suspension from infinity
Affiliates will hear best of shows through February 16. How can you have a best of on the Donna Mike show?
I really wonder how many Mike wow right there's so much to choose from oh, I know
The only you know the only good thing that Don Geronimo ever said in his life was W.I.O.D
Oh, I hate that station. That was it
Mm-hmm and then when they did that pay phone
What do they call phone booth challenge right they ripped off
Rick and suds a bit that Rick and said to do it for years pay phone challenge and they ripped it off and called it phone booth challenge
Which is so I mean just
Pathetic anyway, although infinity's official stances that the duo were suspended without pay for a violation of company policy
This suspension was needed out thanks to John Geronimo's utterance of the word bullshit on the year Tuesday during a tirade
About infinity stable mate Don I miss who Geronimo believed got away with using the word during a show that morning
But while I miss loved it here on MSNBC on the Tuesday morning
Samo cast infinity spokeswoman Karen Mateo tells radio and records the word was bleed for radio by I missus home station
WFA in New York Don and Mike's home station of WJFK Washington and the duo's affiliates will have to get by with best of broadcast through
February 13 Donna Mike are slated to return to the Aramundi February 16
Are they on anywhere in soft floated that we know of that that I know?
No, I don't think so is I miss on the year on the radio anywhere in soft floated? No, like an impound feature
I don't well that could be
Not that we know so I just mentioned that in passing because everybody's apologizing in a lot of bleeps and a lot of words and
Everybody in America's really all upset about words. Well, this is a lot better than that
Although it's a picture on CNN's website that looks like crap
Literally and it's in living color to a living brown
Longview Texas the Texas woman is struck oil or maybe it struck her
Lila latorno returned from work laid Monday to find crude oil covering her homes floors and spilling from the toilets
Bad tub and sinks
Experts have told her the oil kind of burped up burped up
like that
Law of UCD cruising representatives from Bossa research which owned some wells in the area trying to help find the source of the oil
Local station KLTV reported one theory is that the house may have been built on an abandoned well that wasn't properly plugged
Why wouldn't surprise me tomorrow morning if we start seeing oil popping up in that studio around 730 in the morning
Maybe most bag isn't properly plugged absolutely we got all of it. It'll probably be the same color as this turlits seat anyway, but this is disgusting
crude oil covers the commode in lay low latorno's home is the caption anyway color picture that
What of that it's on the CNN website you bet your ass
I always tease people about doesn't everybody in Texas have an oil direct in the backyard them when I came home and discovered
I struck oil inside the house latorno said she innocent and I was staying in a hotel while they clean up
gooey brown mess
The oily birds whenever you something if you flushed your turlits and a whole bunch of oil started spurt now
Yeah, Florida that would be heaven. What do you never know?
Down in the coral reef somewhere there might be somebody might have skilled a couple of cans of something
down in the city of 40 or something
Okay, I guess I better vote. I'm a regular I guess I'm a regular in a long time, huh
I'm not a real listener. I'm just monitoring. I love that. That's one of my all-time favorites
I can't stand you. Oh, look at that. There's already 18 votes on there
I'm a regular long time 15
I'm not a real listener just monitoring three and this is interesting. I'm fairly new
Yeah, the other ones don't have any yet. No, so this must all be our people. It's just us those people who are like
checking out Janet's booby on our website those from the Google web search
They're not listening
Which is fine because we you know, it's kind of like a private club here. So bug out
And then you you've asked me this thing from the University of Florida police department about Willie Williams
And I can't read me three words of it. These took the original out of here. Hey, based you're an idiot man. You fat tub of crap
So basically what did it say because I don't really care about Willie Williams or you have football. It really does a jot crap
They asked him if you know if you will go walking up the strangers and grab it and grow up in them all the time
And he said that's how we do things down in my anis
Right of course just be in friendly, you know, I can't argue with that when it down grab it and pull it out
Right, something like that. I can't read this to me. Maybe we're gonna better um better picture of that
Janet's off day of Grammys of course. We're getting into all of that
Here's another fact that says from Greg and son rice if you noticed that Eckerds doesn't sell wire coat hangers
It's your Joan Crawford drugstore the Joe Crawford pharmacy where we absolutely ban wire coat hangers because god only knows what you might do with them
Come on. It's after 10 to 560 W to come in mad dog at two the hopper at the Royal Caribbean at four or the big
7 to 10 80k at 10 and Joan Mark overnight two to five
Panther game I caught the last few minutes. That's all you need to see
They're tied to two finish scores two late goals. They're head four to two about two and a half minutes left
And the panthers amazingly tied up with two late goals and then winning over time on over Yoke and in the goal
It was five four win very exciting game anybody here. I just mentioned it pretty damn exciting nice going boys
Anyway, I'll tell you where else you can have some exciting times. That's at Pompeo Park in Pompano Beach
Don't forget big good night coming up tomorrow night
Friday for boy six Pompano Park normally featured great nighttime harness racing action
Simal casting and their fabulous poker card room if you're over the age of a hundred
But it's the tracks 40th anniversary night wouldn't surprise me if Del Mangy shows up and buddy Beaumont all him guys and even Bob Beaumont
They'll have live music including Christmas Donald tribute to the Elvis show Shane Lamar entertainment triple shot band
Maybe even Eddie Koalux will be there
Giveaways three prize drawings a family fun night and Tic card display and lots more stuff going on
All starts at seven o'clock tomorrow night as Pompano celebrates their 40th
gigantic anniversary night
Located just a half mile from both 95 and the turnpike Pompano Park is easy to get to and of course
They give you a free admission free general parking every single day
Live harness racing in the poker room are open daily Monday Wednesday
Thursday like today Friday and Saturday the poker starts at noon till midnight and
Live racing gets underway nightly at seven o'clock and please don't forget every day seven days weeks starting at noon
Pompano Park is open for Simal casting some of the very best harness racing
Thera bread action highlight from all across North America every single day seven days a week
But don't miss it tomorrow the big 40th anniversary night at Pompano Park for more information or their schedule call 954
972
2000 or check them out online at pompano park dot com
Oh God Neil
On the stakeably this is television that it's best mr. Brown you are arrested for domestic violence. How you doing now?
I'm happy I'm comfortable but I had to be here because I didn't know I didn't know
That's all I have what do you say?
Uh could you repeat that?
What? Could you uh uh initiate a little bit clearer?
I want your luggage plate to make up your own things
That's what I need. Talk so I can understand you
Has been a presentation of ABC News. I think we got another one for our mumbling list
You know that would be good pull to take because we're starting to build and accumulate a rapid list
I think somebody didn't edge you out all the way down it
You know what now we're just gonna do this first pull this first hour because obviously this is a very limited
Very select group only a tiny fraction of our vast audience
listens on the internet right
What would you say?
Of which 57 regular long time this is this is fabulous. This is great. Look at all the new listener
We got since titty gate broke and we had that picture on our website and we've got this phenomenal response
Anyway, I already heard from him. He's the asshole that called from you em right there at the start the little fag
Sounded a little bit like Justin Tickerbell
I'm a regular been listening on that long time 57. I'm not a real listener. I'm just monitoring six
I'm fairly new but before it titty gate four and only started listening on the internet since titty gate broke one
We're building our audience one in time folks
All right, that's outstanding. You're like this story though before you go look at more naked pictures
Merced California
A psycho Valley high school teachers been arrested accused of molesting students on school grounds
Hey Zeus Rivera. Oh, thank god it wasn't a Rodriguez Jesus
A drama and Spanish teacher at golden Valley high school and Merced appeared in court too
They he's charged with sexually assaulting four students
Rehearsal pleaded not guilty
He also faces mr. Meener charges of suspicion of annoying or molesting children in insin standing back to 2002
Wait for me to get to the good part of this story
What that's really a lot annoying annoying
Annoying or molesting children. Well, maybe he'd like to face that and I don't know maybe it's like farting in their face
I don't know
But wait until you hear the good part January 12th the student came in to see me right after lunch and share with me some concerns
That he was feeling about some things that happened between him and a teacher said golden showers high school principal Ralph Swenson
All of the alleged victims were teenage boys between the ages of 14 and 17 at the time of these suspected insins
Accoid and Merced police department rod dash
Who was investigating the case at least three of the alleged victims said they were molested on campus in a fourth
alleged victim said a molestation per place at Rivera's home
Investigators said there's evidence that strange behavior took place at the drama building after hours
One of the more bizarre incidents that took place was he actually sucked on the
Toes of a student on campus and were said police department spokesman
Dash
Should I read that sentence again? Yeah, one of the more bizarre incidents that took place was he actually sucked on the
Toes of a student on campus. It was for class
Reverse attorney said the allegations are completely false. This might maybe targeted because he's an openly gay teacher
Swenson said he would send a letter to parents that explain the situation
Well, maybe openly gay teachers have a right to suck on your toes, huh
rhymes with
Anyway, I'll speak out of that Detroit art stasis paid nearly one point four million dollars to sex abuse victims
And the meat goes on if we can say that the Roman Catholic arts stasis of Detroit is paid nearly one point four million dollars in
settlements and counseling costs to victims of sex abuse by clergy cardinal Adam made a set on thursday remember made it from guiding light no
As of Sunday 116 victims were known to the Detroit art stasis since 19 she's dead by the way
Since 1950 allegations of sex abuse were allowed against 63 the art stasis priests and deacons
Which represent 2% of the 30 to 167 priests and deacons who have served in the art stasis during the past 54 years
As sad and sobering as these statistics are our response to them can be a source of renewed hope
He said we are committed to continuing our efforts to assist victims create safe environments and do all we can to protect children and young people
Right to wait. We believe that. No, just keep just keep passing a plate. They'll fill it up. No problem
See, I was a little bit nervous because I thought that maybe some of the people were like breathlessly and I do mean breathlessly
Scouring our website for Janet's booby
I thought maybe they might read some of those
News stories that we have other just fashion, you know, but I think the good news is that we don't have to worry about that
Although we now have two we have a pair of people now listening online who had our new list it huh
See we screwed up. We should have put the booby pictures at the bottom of the stories
Yeah, and you really think they would have scrolled through all of that
They got too many other fish to fry. There's like about 2800 different things to click on there and at Google search about 55,000
Speaking of that speaking of Janet's booby which that finally is winding down a little bit isn't it?
huh
Just a little bit. It's sagging a little
Janet Jackson's peep show is still getting plenty of play
Says access Hollywood as his Hollywood and access Hollywood has learned that Janet will not be appearing at Sundays Grammy Awards. Well damn
Miss Jackson finally faced the music for a super bowl flash dance saying she was wrong for making a last minute change to her performance
I'm really sorry if I fint now. That's a different third. A comment, isn't it?
Because she said it wasn't all supposed to come off
Right now she said she's sorry for making that last minute change
I'm really sorry if I offended anyone. She said that was truly not my invent
intention
Segek's in a broadcast statement the wardrobe malfunction put the singer's camp in overdrive
Prompting her publicist to create a premeditated tape message available to media outlets
Janet shot the public apology just after her essence magazine cover shoot with Miragey blige and Beyonce
Janet was sent to introduce the Luther Vandross tribute at the Grammys but
CBS has retracted the invitation. In other words, don't show up bitch
In response to the Super Bowl slip
CBS wear the Grammys with up to a five minute delay so that nothing questionable will make it on the year and for the first time ever
ABC may implement a five-second delay when they broadcast the Academy Awards. Oh
So God forbid some and then maybe Michael Morgan up there again. You know one for another documentary
Yeah
And maybe he'll make some horrendous comment about too comment about the present that then they can bleep mouth
There you go. You feel better about life in America now
Some stars are weighing in on Janet's peekable performance at the premiere for Adam Sandler and Drew bear more as 50 first dates
comedian John Loveitz told assets Hollywood Sean Robinson at distance be feeling strip was indeed unintentional
You think it was the wardrobe malfunction Sean as John that's exactly what it was that that's just a fact
Adam Sandler's manager Sandy Warnock was at the Super Bowl with the wardrobe person
What it happened explain John she freaked out and said oh no because it wasn't supposed to happen
She had that red thing underneath but it got ripped away. That's all right. There's anybody buy anybody believe it
Anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail buy no
That's a crap Adam Sandler. Oh brother
What does that say to everything you need to know what's wrong with America? Just look at Adam Sandler
That tells it right there in the nutshell
Mike in deer field says could you tell me where I can get a copy of the weapons of ass destruction song no Mike
Sure, we have a one of your what he can go online and order a CD
Oh, that's right. It's on our best of CD
There you go Mike go on your Rogers.com. No to the best of a meal for 2003
And there it'll be okay
Get with it Mike
Also here's one that says and I have no idea what this story is because I didn't see it
Saw about his messy smelly divorce, but didn't see this story
It says on February 1st
There was a news item in the crawl on CNN statement Neil Bush was one to go DNA testing for fathering an out-of-wedlock child while married
Did we ever have that story? I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't get to listen to your show on a daily basis
Have heard anything about it when I can tune in mom. Sorry John because we know nothing about it
Were this the kin of any other sitting present the hyperventilating
wrist ring and general foaming at the mouth would be relentless even when Jimmy Carter's brother was peeing on the
Side of buildings that were talking about that big time, right? Oh, yeah, Billy and when the Clintons brother was
Acting up a little bit
Right Roger was doing all of them
There's broken half of this half-read brother, right
Since if your people have not and no, this is great if you're
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha this is the best facts. I've ever had my life. I didn't even realize this life paragraph
This is the biggest joke
John says if your people have not investigated this
It may be a very interesting item to highlight is this is the brother of our very moral president and governor after all
They are Christian compassionate conservatives you got with several like a case KKK
Uh, okay, so let's have our people talk to his people and then your people can
Discuss it with my people was that 1026 at 560 your people staging Q.I.M
We're supporting you five six you a.m
I have a town at five six oh
WQ a
ah
Holy holy holy numbers are in
Our dean is going to try
He's at the lead and steadily his numbers now are dwindling
Go to the has a me is five
Subtroiders must be thinking what was the doctor drinking and he must have really bad eyesight
Oh
Our Dean
Our Dean
yes
you
A
Maybe this what the doctors need
Hopefully next first lady show its thing twice before display
for big boldly guns and more CD.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
I would be
strong.
I would be strong.
I would be strong.
I would be strong.
I would be strong.
I would be strong.
I would be strong.
I would be strong.
1032 at 560 WQM.
So the Dean Maister says he's got to win Wisconsin or he's dropping out.
February 17th.
OK.
OK.
Mark that down in your wrist.
I think we have to find out from this audience because I'm really pondering this after what you told me about Eric's dilemma there.
Is it really worth it to start digging around with like a separate website and links to this?
I mean, that's not our bag.
And if we're going to allow a bunch of interlopers who are just coming out because they do a Google search for a breast, they don't care about
me, or you, or Eric or this show, or the news stories, or anything that we're talking about, that's obvious.
I mean, tickle the death that we got two new listeners online called,
That's great.
What?
Right.
I mean, it's just, it's not worth it to like shell out.
We can discuss that with the audience to find out if we really need to put all the nudie
pictures of celebrities on our website.
That's what it's all about.
Right.
Right.
I mean, we got those pictures of Tom Brady.
They're not like naked, but they naked from like the waist up, I guess, and the pretty
disappointing matter.
In fact, his left breast is equally as saggy as Janice's matter.
In fact, it looked to me like the same one.
Oh, he just, he left the starburst thing out just to be on the safe side.
No, he was pretty disappointing for a jock 26 years old.
I mean, he'd be able to go to the face, but it goes this year that God doesn't hand
on all the parts to everybody.
In fact, maybe he's got like a, like a button mushroom.
See?
See what I'm saying?
Right.
I would be good.
That would make me feel a little bit better.
Let me find out.
Let me check and find out.
I'll get back to you.
So we'll find out from the audience.
Maybe, of course, that is if anybody calls in.
And if not, that's all right, too, because I have my usual polygons.
But I think we're getting a little bit carried away here by something that has nothing to
do with us.
You know, the hype.
It's called hype.
W-D-Q-A-M-hype line.
Well, good morning.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Listen, whatever you've got to find out, it doesn't matter if you have one fighter ten,
you know?
Right.
But then I'm a schmuck.
What do I know?
Listen.
I'm not sure what the big concern about old Janet's showing her appendages or whatever
on TV is.
She showed her appendage, I don't know if she had one.
Well, I told my wife who was above of the love sponge, but then I had to explain it to
her.
Anyway, you know, I don't know if you read this or the story, but CBS is going to be in
much bigger trouble than justice because, you know, they indirectly own a piece of South
Park, which they're trying to syndicate down local stations in two years.
They were going to try to get on this year, but they said that by 2005, the local standard
should be lowered enough that they'd be able to get away with showing South Park Monday
through Friday at seven on a local station.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
That is f***ing kidding me.
Well, you know, which guy, that's one of my favorite shows on TV, but I don't know
that it belongs.
I wish I was way that the adults could have their fun and the kids could be like, you know,
kept away from it a little bit.
I asked another way.
Well, first of all, the idea that kids have to be kept away from South Park is ridiculous.
If kids have to be kept away from seeing a breast, the rest of the world is laughing at
us like that.
I'll ask you a woman that we had the story yesterday.
I mean, just a laugh in her.
It's juvenile.
Let's put them in.
The other presumption is anybody sitting in front of the screen at half time anyway.
They're usually eating, gorging or gutting or using the bathroom or something like that.
Exactly.
If I hadn't gone back everywhere on my tape, matter of fact, one of the football players
last night, it would be like, he had to go back and watch it nine or ten times before
he could be sure what he saw.
And Larry King had it Bradley on last night and either one of them saw it.
They were both recharging their pacemakers at half time.
So they didn't know.
Nobody really saw it.
Oh, dear God.
Now we've seen it.
Now we've seen it eight million times thanks to the media who are so indignant about it.
It's kind of unrelated, but before that they had a relapse, a repeat of a Mike Walton
review with Larry King.
Yeah.
I mean, what is, okay, is the man, the man's a schmuck?
Maybe you have to lose Miami to know Larry King's a schmuck.
I don't know.
That's right.
We're the only ones who are on to him.
I've been doing this a long time.
Yeah, we know that's a problem.
He's been sucking ass a long time.
One thing I was surprised.
He didn't ask Larry.
He didn't ask Mike the London $50, which was, but, uh, yeah, 70 year old man with four
year old kid.
That's a little bizarre.
Ever Ray Day, palming.
Hey, you too.
I give Larry your best regards.
I'm out of the talk show.
24 to 11.
Oh, here's then, you know, I talked to my people and they got us this story, which I
really appreciate to our staff.
I used in judge order DNA testing Friday to determine whether President Bush's brother
Neil Bush, father to child with another woman, while he was married to Sharon Bush.
Oh, this, now, how come they're not like the previous facts?
You said, how come they're not screaming bloody murder about this all over the media?
I haven't seen this.
Have you?
No.
Because if I would have seen it, I would have talked to my people and read it, talked to
your people, read it, hey, right.
So, none of the purple people would have gotten it on it.
Right.
The thanks to the facts who talked to his people and factored to us.
Sharon Bush requested the test to defend herself against the defamation lawsuit, standing
from the tangled relationship between the Bushes and the other Houston couple, Robert and
Maria Andrews.
During the Bushes' contentious divorce, which became final in April, Sharon Bush testifies
here at rumors that her husband had an affair with Maria Andrews and is the father of her
three-year-old son, Thomas Alexander Andrews.
Wow.
The Andrews is.
That's what it says here.
Yes, it's in the Houston Chronicle, not the Andrews, but the Andrews's ended their 14-year
marriage in 2002.
Robert Andrews and Sharon Bush for defamation in September, saying he's the boy's father.
Andrews demanded at least 850 grand in damages.
The amount Sharon Bush paid to buy the memorial area home where she lived had lived with Neil
Bush.
In November, this is so complicated.
Neil Bush voluntarily submitted for a cheek swab for DNA testing in November and not
once a month later that he and Maria Andrews had become engaged over chocolates and
champagne in the French chateau.
Wilson ordered Friday that Neil Bush's swab be penalized for DNA profile that Robert and
Thomas Andrews also submit swabs for testing.
So they're testing the old swab.
Robert Andrews attorney tailed deficits and the child was submit a swab in March and that
he's competent approved Robert Andrews as the father for your father.
Sharon Bush requested similar testing during divorce case, but was denied because Robert
Andrews was not a part of that case.
So there you go.
It's a very wicked web day we've Neil Bush is a real scumbag.
Thank God that SNL didn't go under.
Oh, it did.
Internet list of Chicago just called to check in.
I can't vote on your poll.
Right.
I fear the website now at work due to the no more Bush picture.
But I love you.
Yes, sir.
And keep up the good work and have a great day.
And I put a link to the Bush and 30 seconds commercials from move.boobong.org.
Okay.
Well, we got to move on to our girl link on there.
Well, people will slow.
I know that especially our credit.
Okay.
Thanks for calling.
How about you say how to Harry Curry's body?
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 9.
What do we got in here?
We got three new list.
Don't be so persistent.
We're so persistent, man.
Let's discuss this with our people.
Right.
We'll have a meeting with our vast staff.
Right.
Have a look.
That is that really is quite a lot.
I mean, his intentions were good, but it's so humorous.
There was because you can't complain about what QM does for us.
Right.
Because they do nothing.
They see I miss.
Oh, yeah, our people are vast staff.
Right.
193 votes.
So that means we got at least a couple hundred people listening online.
That's pretty promising, isn't it?
We're only doing this to 11.
And I guess I can tell them now what the other one is too,
because it's not a building pool.
And it works really, really bad.
Sorry, Eric, with those 31 stories I apologize.
I didn't realize I was getting so carried away.
But to be honest with you, I can't imagine any of my wouldn't have put on there.
It's just some days there's a lot of crap, you know?
Way it is.
I mean, some days you sit down.
There's a lot of crap.
And like mom said, many days you sit down.
There's just no crap.
So it goes, mom.
90s old enough.
Poll two.
It's going up at 11 o'clock here at Poll Number Two.
What I like most about me, Aronjers.com is the naked pictures.
So I see I, we don't really have to discuss it all that much.
Right.
Because I guess we'll find out, huh?
The naked pictures, the news stories, both pics and stories,
Fitty Fitty, the archives, the silly noises.
BAM!
Listening to the show online, I hated its evil or the polls.
Let me bend anything out.
Sounds like it.
Sounds like a wiener to me.
But what we got right now, 193 votes,
how long have you listened to the show on the internet?
I'm a regular, long time, 154.
I'm fairly new, but been listening before,
Tidigate 18.
Not a real listener, just monitoring 18.
And only started listening since the Tidigate incident broke.
We got three, baby.
Three new people listening online.
Oh, right.
Oh, wow.
Speaking of that, I said on QAIM, we're building our audience
three at a time.
And I am all.
This is 20 Hikes in QAIM.
FIAM-E.
Get a tower for vital power.
The site of Janic's teach tanks of power.
So we think it is seen that now the FCC
for savings are from nudity on the TV.
If it was there for history, he would not be there.
So now he has to care about what's on the air.
Keep it in the stone age.
Put your burger on the day.
And watch TV, the starting backs of American way.
Get a tower for vital power.
The site of Janic's teach tanks of power.
Just the buying his position that he got through
nepotism for the spoiled incompetence work.
I will say this, though, that we got all these
in January and September votes on our polls every day
this week so that even though the people
that are perusing for Janic's booby,
even though they're not listening to the show
because they're probably busy looking at other boobies,
because they don't interrupt their score activities.
But at least they're taking the time to chime in on our poll
at something.
You can write them and look for boobies at the same time.
That is true.
I never thought about that.
Just open up another window.
Just open up the window and shout out any boobies out there.
234 votes on here.
And this is just a little research we're doing.
I talked to my people and they said,
let's do some research.
We assembled a focus group.
Here's a little more on that Howard Dean thing.
He told his supporters today that he must win
the February 17 Wisconsin primary
or else he'll drop out of the Democratic presidential.
I don't like him anymore.
I gotta be very honest here.
And I was one of the first ones to say,
even though I supported him very wholeheartedly,
not as much as you.
I liked him a lot, but then his time goes and went on.
I started getting a little bit leery.
I remember I kept saying there's something
a little bit off about him that I don't like.
See this thing now, he says the entire race has come down
of this.
We must win Wisconsin.
We'll get a boost this weekend in Washington, Michigan,
and Maine, but our two tests will be the Wisconsin primary.
That would be like Edward saying,
well, he did already say that.
He had a win in his home states.
South Carolina, which is where he was born.
And he did anyway, Dean says,
when they will curious to the big states of March,
second, they will feel the two candidates.
Anything must will put us out of this race.
First of all, it's pretty presumptuous to say it's going
to narrow it to two candidates.
In other words, Edward's is just going to fall
by the wayside.
I don't think so.
Uh-uh.
And also he's doing something here that really
it sounds like Pat Robertson-ish or Jerry Falwell-ish.
We're always coming on here begging and pleading,
oh, we must raise a million dollars by this weekend
or we're going to not be able to meet our obligations
and we're going to have to shut off 25 or 10 million
transmitters.
In his email to his constituents, Dean said the campaign
had to start television advertising
Wisconsin markets on Monday in order to win the race.
To do that, I need your help to raise 700 grand by this Sunday.
Please contribute $50 today.
He's saying like Larry, loan me $50 so that we can
reserve the air time.
How do you like that?
I mean, I understand he's raised most of his money online,
which is commendable.
I like that.
But now he's saying.
Don't be trusted.
Yeah.
Dean hasn't put on the air since the New Hampshire
Primer and skipped advertising all seven states
at all primers and keep it mighty.
Spend a crapload of money in New Hampshire and in Iowa.
And he didn't do well there.
No, he's done.
He's finito.
But at any rate.
And now I don't want to pick out our advertisers around anybody
connected with Gulfstream Park because they got some friends over there.
But when I hear the spot, we have many spots that run on the station
and make my hair stay up on in, especially on the back of my neck.
No, I don't want to mention anyone.
Thank you, but where he says Medaglia or a D'Auro,
that it just I just want to scream.
OK, it makes me convinced beyond a shadow of a doubt that there are far too many
goi in the world.
That's what Alan Finkelson always said to me.
And he was absolutely correct.
There just too many goi running around.
Even I know how to say it because I had to fake a phone call with Dave Johnson.
Right.
And he said, Medaglia.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Right.
Medaglia or the oral.
Medaglia or the oral.
It's just, I mean, it's just so unacceptable.
The Pope is cringing.
He's he's probably sitting on the bowl right now.
Now I did call D for oil.
He's doing for oil.
You did what I call D for to ask him how to pronounce it to make sure I got it right.
Oh, is he at that the wrist or aunties Italianies?
The.
He knew how about adding to the pool about things that the people like about your website.
The pictures of more Howard.
Well, I mean pictures the funny pictures are.
Yeah, no, the guy's right.
We don't have funny pictures as opposed to naked pictures.
Right.
The joke pictures, political.
How it says did you kiss and make up with Mo?
No, absolutely not.
Oh, it was tonguey.
We have to still hit him like poison.
It said yes.
That that lasted a few hours that was all on his part trying to suck up.
And I realized that he's still the same piece of crap.
He always was despise him and the it says I think the whole audience hates that asshole.
Now he's got some disciples there.
He's got one and he's got you know anybody that hates me likes him.
He's got all the all the anti everybody else the people that go like Hank.
So that's what he's made his career on and that's what his life is all about.
I was thinking about him while I was shaving this morning.
It's a van gritting.
I was one of them, you know, whatever there at least it was while you were shaving.
So let's add that on there.
Well something with an S.H.
Let's add that on our second pool Eric.
And we do that.
I don't want to overburden Eric because you said some terrible things than earlier this morning.
Let's add that on there.
The funny pictures.
Huh?
We leave him alone.
See you are such a bastard.
May you take such delight because you know that all pressing his button.
I mean anybody could even a little child could press his button.
Whoa, you know, Eric you're too sensitive man.
We love you kind of like from a distance.
So you know, but it's really been great working with it at any rate.
So let's add that on there.
The funny pictures which would funny pictures and cartoons.
You want to see that?
Sure.
Everybody knows what a funny picture we know what it is.
The funny papers.
Okay.
He's only three years old.
He reads the funny papers little comedy.
Yeah.
Too much comedy with that young girl.
I think that's what happened to a bill Troy.
That's why he got blown out.
I think that bow tie was on there too tight.
Lafayette Diocese.
This is shocking.
This one that you sent to me in the middle of all these other priest stories
that you just revel in.
I will not stop.
Lafayette Diocese 15 priest molested miners over 52 years.
This is Lafayette Louisiana.
How many people live there?
About 30 men.
Jesus.
I think they were all molested.
15 priest in a Lafayette Catholic Diocese abuser molested 123 children
between 1950 and 2002.
The Diocese bishop announced yesterday.
The Diocese had an insurers paid about 26 million dollars in claims filed by the victims
according to a study of the pre-sex abuse funded by the church.
The report said 427 pre-served the Diocese in the period covered by the report.
So let's see.
15 out of 427 would be what?
The third would have been 100.
A small percent.
Yeah.
Two percent would have been what?
80.
I don't know.
I don't do that.
One percent.
Ten percent would have been 42.
Right?
Sure.
I usually am very good on that, but I'm having a difficult time with this.
Five percent would have been 21.
So that was about three.
Just like the other one, about 3%.
So what the message is about 3% of the molesting priests get caught is what it is.
Yes.
Five six seven O five sixty two put perversion on or not.
We don't want to be political and perverted.
Do we?
That be QA and hello.
Hey, I want to talk about the meal speaking.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
You caught this on today's show this morning.
He was scheduled to show an episode tonight where a woman was going to be treated.
She was a three year old woman and during the treatment her breath was going to pop out.
Right.
Yeah, we talked about the yesterday ridiculous.
They had a day of a drop it.
They dropped it right.
Squirt on the floor as a matter of fact.
Another example of the hypocrisy and it's no wonder why we're just laughing stock of the world.
It's just amazing.
I mean, when you think we're making a little bit of progress, you'd almost think that Dan Quail was the vice president.
We're still screaming about Murphy Brown.
I mean, when are we ever going to come out of the stone age?
Never unfortunately, but keep up the good fight.
I'm out of material.
Thank God for cable, man.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Right.
Thank God for cable and digital satellite, which we actually have digital cable here.
Yeah, we have a digital cable.
No, you don't.
Yeah, what does their idea of digital cable itself?
I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmer.
It's it's on most of time.
And how many channels you got?
Yeah, 100 ish plus 700 here.
Yeah.
It's not saying the thing.
Huh?
Here, there's still nothing on.
Well, here there is.
You've got the drive in and scream the driving movie channel.
In fact, I got scream TV.
There's the Ray Bradbury theater.
And there's driving.
The people at the time forgot.
Oh, I love that movie.
Is that with with Troy McClure?
I mean, Patrick Wayne Doug McClure, not Trimmer.
Yeah, well, that's the Simpson.
Doug McClure wasn't he?
That was Chuck Connors was the rifle man.
What was the show with Doug McClure?
He was some cowboy.
I like Doug McClure to be honest with you.
No, he's a cheap independent film channels got the darling family.
Hey, how are you?
So anyway, I don't want to go through a whole bunch of that.
And of course, for those real hockey fans out there.
And blonde and here's that caranco.
Really had a good snapshot.
Mother old old black and white kinescoaps.
Do you ever see kinesco?
Wow, that is unbelievable.
There's Johnny Bowler just flopping around.
And the hour came out to make sure that the.
Wow, anyway, we'll give you some of that some audio from the at least black
clock came from a hundred years ago.
There's Bobby Hull with his big bald spot.
As long as you read the weathercast.
And the weathercast for Paul Castron over to we'll get that under the next hour.
How you doing Paul?
You're a line second craft.
Cool.
I'm saying you.
I beg your pardon?
Did that announcer say Neil?
Yeah.
That's Darrell fly number 21 out for the first time in the game for the night.
Believe.
OK, thank you Bill.
He's still dead by the way, Bill.
He was.
I just in case casted over is wondering OK, we're going to be wrapping up that first
puller getting the second one on and then we'll find out what's going on with our website.
Because I think we're getting.
Maybe you're not.
I'm getting a little bit carried away because these numbers are so staggering.
It's exciting.
It isn't exciting thing that a lot of people are hopping on our website.
And maybe a few.
I mean, we got three new listeners there.
That's something.
Right.
This morning we get from Greg redoing anything for us.
Hey, Greg here.
A Bozo man.
He's busy worrying about what's going on out of town.
He can't be worried about what's going on in town.
Is he still in hiding?
Do you see him at all?
He popped his head in this morning.
Did he pop this in there this morning?
Sure.
While we were talking while we were talking.
Well, why didn't you tell me how to give him my best?
I will next time.
I know he didn't bother coming here and speaking to me.
Boy, he is just terrified of me.
And rightfully so stay the hell away from me, Greg.
I can't stomach it.
You've done to us, to all of us.
It's enough to make anybody want to puke.
And again, because he owns a piece of the action, he can do no wrong, you know.
He's got the beastlies buffaloed, which would be a good place for him, by the way.
They're the only people in the Fort Myers that were like boring socks to a picnic.
Big white socks come all the way up to their knees.
269 votes.
How long have you listened to the show on the internet?
I'm a regular, a long time, 214.
I'm not a real listener.
I'm just monitoring.
We got about 30 men.
Thank you.
Probably in the government.
I'm fairly new, but before a titty gate, I've been listening online, 22.
And I've only started since titty gate broke.
We got three.
All right.
All right.
One more time.
Excellent.
So we'll wrap that up and put the other one on there.
Then we'll find out what's really going on, right?
Right.
Because we don't want Eric to have to lose his ads on the thing because he's making a
fortune on his website.
Is it?
Oh, yeah.
And we don't want him to lose any of those banner ads or other things because he's
agreed to see the problem is with a celebrity nude photos.
That's where the problem is.
So we'll have to find out from the audience how desperate they are for nudie photos because
they can go to celebrity nude photos just about anywhere, right?
Anywhere.
Anyplace.
Anybody?
Just look out the window.
You see a bunch of naked people running around.
There goes Holly Berry.
1057.
And look at that Tom Brady.
Man Tom, those things are saggy, sweetheart.
5, 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
Oh, I feel like I'm in love with you! I really hurt now I was bleeding all over the shoulder! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I
love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I never zweiten
competed with me in 2006, washer law,eeeeekeeper
Percy faced a distinctive theme hurled in the debut of TV's 90-minute Western
series in 1962. Here's a picture of Doug McClure. He was a trampist.
I'm just checking this out.
Okay, there's the whistle of the tone. We've got the DNA story for those people who are
Yeah, who are we?
We got the DNA story. I need a voice. Thank you very much.
Another scumbag. Another scumbag voice. Sure to be redundant.
560560. Here's the lowdown. I thought I printed it out and it never came out.
Oh, geez. Eric just took it out of there already. You got it?
I got it. What are you talking about? About the first pull. No, I don't got it.
Try to print it out and it wouldn't come out.
There were four new listeners since a titty gate.
The rest of it of course doesn't mean all that much. Okay, there's the new one.
What I like most about NeoRodges.com is. And obviously the answer of the naked pictures, right?
I mean the pull. I mean those important news stories, right?
Thanks for other Virginians. That was not a bad show. Of course you didn't like Westerns.
It's like kind of a show. I liked Benanza.
Yeah. But that wasn't like a Western really. I mean kind of sure it was like a family soap opera that was set in the West.
Like Apple's way. Huh? Never saw that. Sure he did with Ronnie. What's his name?
Millsap. No, Ronnie, the skinny called geeky guy. Ronnie Cox.
Ronnie Cox. That's it. I forgot about that. No.
Uh, universe apples. Right? No.
I'm scarring here. I just can't find the thing for the Virginian, which according to that was a,
that was the whole deal was the theme song. Kind of like Barnacles Jones. The show sucked, but the theme song was great.
Cannot find it. I bet you know somebody who will find it for me. Here's Cheyenne and called 45 in the lawmen and gun smoke.
And the legend of wider. Maybe it's on this other one here. He's a little smoked, but who didn't? It was on for 500 years.
Yeah. William Conrad. Matt Dylan, the radio. William Conrad, I don't care what you say was great.
Even though you have that prejudice against fat cops. No, just cop shows who run real fast.
And never let's see. 5 6 7 0 5 7. I'm getting sidetracked with this and I have no idea why because the Virginian, it was just a dogma clue or thing.
You're one start of that. My God. WQ way. I'm hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? I'm doing okay. How you be doing?
Pretty good. Pretty good. You know, you're a big inspiration to me. Yeah.
By listening to you and listening to your political views on a lot of the issues that our government is having right now.
I am going to start going to certain council meetings and stuff like that and try to educate myself a little more on the situation.
And maybe try to become some type of low level public official to try to change things for the better.
So kind of low down public official. Well, you got to start somewhere. Right. You know, I it can't go run for president. No one knows me.
But if I start at the bottom and work my way up, maybe there could be some changes. Me okay.
Like George's idea about what they should do to murderers and rape this and stuff. You know, having them have them work to pay back the families.
I think that's one thing that definitely should be worked. Nobody's nobody's even talking about anything like that.
Now we have people talking about reparations, but of course, you know that those are people who really have no business talking about reparations.
True. Yeah. You're right. You're very right. Just on your hand out.
There's a lot of good ideas out there that all of these older people in the government that are in their 80s and 90s just don't want to listen to and they want to have it set in the old ways.
And the world is changing so fast and those people are not changing with the world. Well, I'd like to, man, I appreciate your your whatever it is. Yeah, no problem. Just keep it up.
Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Don't you appreciate his whatever it is? I sure do. See, I don't want to sound like I'm because I can't do five things at once. Two or three things I can chew gum and suck my toe. I can do that. Yeah.
But I can't and I saw I apologize that call because he really wants to do something. You know, I was. Huh? Somebody's got to do some lots to make a change.
I'm too lazy. And the CD is like not the it's not true enough to what I wanted to. Oh, geez. Don't tell me this is a bomb CD. That would be bad.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. If this doesn't queue up, I'm going to like jump out the window. I'm going to have a fit. It doesn't look to me like it's going to queue up at all.
It's not good. Well, how can that be? She is just slow. Something like the humans heroes intro. No, thunder. It's just slow because most of the stuff on here is really old. The CD is like me old. Oh, man, it's just ancient.
Try to read it off. This is the world of commander McBride. Your hair will curl in the world of McBride.
Oh, how about super chicken, remember that? Sure I do.
Oh, I like that last part that that was a beautiful thing. Can I back that up just to say back that?
That's right. That's the most important.
Oh, my favorite. You're going to get me very emotional now. I don't want to play all this stuff all day here today. This is not what's not on my agenda. What do you think?
You got me sidetracked. Huh? No, you got me sidetracked. Now this thing won't queue up past a certain cut. I'm getting one because I don't want to put anything.
That CD probably looks like a road. It does. Looks like a road map. In fact, it looks like at least a road map. And now it's his error on there. So I'm just going to put it away.
WDQM. Hello. QAM. Nice talking to you. I had a line one man every asshole in America is on line one. WDQM. Hello.
Yo, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, Dylan. All right. Listen, I emailed George last night a dom who's saying like outcast on fancy stuff, you know, all things kind of stuff.
It'd be good for the website. The title was like that. Dom does the more outcast with a lot of drugs. You got to check it out. Okay. Thanks.
Do you see it? You see I said I'm doing a lot of go look for it. Only that like five email addresses. He probably sent it to the station.
Oh, that's not really a good idea. We ignore those like crazy.
Okay, maybe we'll do this tomorrow. Maybe you inspired me. I don't know. Maybe that's that's old stuff. Let's see what do we got?
But like most about Neil Roger dot com is listening to the show online 20. Both pictures and stories, 50, 50, 16. The news stories, seven, the polls, six, the naked pictures, five, eight percent like the naked pictures.
Best I hated its evil three. That's what I've got. Silly noises. Right. Two. The funny pictures. One and the archives only one out of 61. Wow. Holy macro. We get out with this pool. We may have to be a value at our whole.
We might have to get the stat together. The staff talk to our people because this may really. I'm serious. I think this was good idea. It is a good idea.
Not a good idea of playing all the stuff tomorrow.
Oh, now you're not old enough to enjoy this, but I should see Tixedo. I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about that.
I heard you old geezer talking about it. Now what about the soupy sales show?
You want to think about soupy sales being funny. He doesn't have to say anything. Right. I have to look at that face.
Pretty funny. And you just laugh. He's got the big schnauz. He just always has that silly-ish meaty grin on his foot. And you just look at the soupy sales and laugh. Speaking of what's my line?
567.0560.0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Mad Dog and two of the hopper at the Royal Caribbean at four. Now what does that mean at Royal Caribbean?
I have no idea. Is he like on the cruise ship? Is he like into Bahamas? I mean, what does that mean? I know he's plunging his guts up and probably eating like crazy too.
Alright, mix up the nut. Do we know what that means? Josh at the Royal Caribbean is the all kind of cruise ship? Is he into Bahamas at a casino? Is he, um, I'll find out for you.
No, that's okay. Don't put yourself out. In fact, maybe our people are for you. Right. The big 7 to 10 tonight. NK at 10 and Joanne Mark overnight, 2 to 5 and more. Kind of a pristine schedule. No ball games.
In fact, we got to have a long break there for hockey because we got the all-star weekend coming up. Big comeback win last night at Phoenix. 5 forward for the Panthers. Anybody care?
No. Unbelievable last few minutes of that game. Phenomenal. I know even George's whipped up about it. WQA M. Hello.
He's on a golf tournament that he's at or a tennis tournament. He's what?
What do you call it? Hank is at the Royal Caribbean Classic. That's the golf tournament.
Oh, the golf tournament. I thought it was the Royal Caribbean. I thought, well, see, nobody tells us anything. We're supposed to know that.
Hey, Neil, that was fantastic hearing super chicken. I have not heard that in about 30 years. Oh, wait till you're some of the summer. How many years?
About 30, man. You're on the ball today. I sent you to Don and Mike stuff. I occasionally see things from radio and registry and stuff like that.
Keep it up, because our staff, our people have been doing too good of a job. So please keep it up.
Yeah, hey, anything to do to help out the organization organization. Thanks, pali. Thank you. Have a great day. See, we got some good people out there. Not everybody's an asshole. Huh? Those are our people. Yeah, that's our people as you folks in the audience. Send us the facts. I mean, sometimes get a little too carried away, but that's alright.
Unless they're like 20, 30 pages, then we get a little bit porky. George gets all been out of shape.
Now it's for me out of really care because I have a whole new case of facts paper that was delivered just yesterday morning. You have to have to know.
The trees, the trees. Yeah, I got all kinds of facts paper and all kinds of supplies here. School supplies. That kind of stuff. Oh, school supplies.
That's what Robbie Benson said in one on one. Remember that school supplies. You know, Robbie, the fact that you're 52 and you're still talking like that. Now people are kind of chocolate.
What I like the most about neo-rodgers.com is that's our website, by the way.
Listening to the show online, 35. Four new people, man. Thanks to Janet City.
Oh, right. Thanks, Janet. You go, girl. She ain't going to be out of Grammys and you know what? They don't deserve her.
School that. Right on. Who wants to see a bunch of lame ass bastards who couldn't sing their out of a paper sack anyway, right?
Yeah, rap crap. All I garbage. We'll watch the show. She goes on.
I mean, in fact, that Justin Tinkerbell is going to perform on there. And when we got his comments later, too. He's. Oh, he's so upset.
And his family is embarrassed to ask you, Justin, you little pansy.
Listening to the show online, 35. Both pictures and stories. 50.50.22. The polls. 13. The naked pictures. 12. The news stories. 11. The archives. 5. I hated. It's evil for the funny pictures. 3. And the silly noises.
2. Out of 107. 11. 14. A QM. Let me tell you if you're on the Atkins diet or if you're on the sugar busters or the South Beach diet, which is such a.
Flagrant rip off of Atkins, but any of the low carburestrography diets. There's a store that I want you to try out one time when you walk in the door. You'll be amazed because when you're in your supermarket that I do love publics as you know, but.
Any supermarket, even the best ones have only got a very limited number of these things that are low carb sugar free, but the lights that's all they got over a thousand low car products for you to choose from, which gives you great variety, great taste.
And you can stay on your low carb diet and lose that disgusting fat. They got breads and bagels cookies and crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, ice cream pasta, great sauces.
They're out of this world catch up cheesecakes and lots more. They offer the widest selection anywhere in the universe and they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m.
One of the nice things that the lights is that you don't have to buy something to take home and decide you don't like it because you can try anything in the store before you buy it.
Their net their staff knows, dieting inside and out. In fact, there are a couple of chubby people walking around there and they carry the most complete line of Atkins, brands, products anywhere in the world that are on sale today.
Next Easter Sunday, all day, every day. The low carb diet is rated number one. So head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world.
The lights of West Boka on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to it at Boston Market. Remember that Boston Market? Sure do.
Bagley or column toll free at 1 877 Low Carb L. O. W. C. A. R. B. or on the web. It's lowcarb.com. There's only one deal.
The lights of West Boka at B. R. O. W. C. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R. A. R.
The oil will care if one machine changed their own cars. If one for hours, if it's Washington, C. C. C. C. Imagine W. M. D. is just like the Iraqis on cars. 1119 at 560 W. Q. I. M. Go to hell. The reason I played that is because girls says hell in school and gets
suspended. No. Yes. Pittsburgh. Not even in a parochial school in a public school. Really. A second
grader was suspended for a day for telling a classmate he would go to hell for saying I swear
to God. Oh God. Brandy McKennath, seven, was suspended for swearing for saying the word hell.
But her family says she was referring to the biblical location of fire and brimstone.
She served the suspension to the of this week. The Pittsburgh public school student
code of conduct prohibits profanity, but doesn't provide a definition.
Schoakswoman Pat Crawford said the school wouldn't comment further. Brandy's father, Wayne
McKennath said when he learned about the suspension, he thought perhaps his daughter had
said something worse. So we call the teacher for details. Now second grader would be like
what about seven years old? Okay. He was told another student overheard his daughter say
the word. I said hell. She got suspended for that. McKennath said he said he asked the
school to evaluate its profanity. See this is what's going on in America boys and girls.
This is a few can pathetic is what it is. God damn. Oh, I'm going to help for that. Oh
I said hell again. Jesus. See there. You can't say anything. Jesus Christ. Oh, cron out
love. Absolutely. Jesus. See I can't stop. No, you can't. Hell is like the least of the
words in school today, McKennath said you go home and turn on the TV tonight and tell
me how many times you heard the word hell and I mean network TV, not even cable. Who
the hell cares, right? The hell with those assholes in the Pittsburgh public schools. Without
a clear definition, the district could write into problems and forcing the policy said
why told wall check? Some Polish guy legal director of the greater Pittsburgh chapter
of the ECLU. The school's policy says no profanity and that's not for the defined wall
taxes. How should this little girl know that hell is not alone? I think they ought to
give the kids a list of the words they can't say. That's right. So they can rehearse
them. That's right. It's questionable whether hell is even a profanity and certainly isn't
the way that she used it. He added McKennath is a suburban Pittsburgh police detective said
family members aren't religious fanatics, but there's a healthy respect for the Lord. So
he accepts their daughter's explanation. She's under the assumption that good people
go to heaven and bad people go to hell. They said on one yesterday. Well, see that
go. That's part of the problem. Rain washing your kids with all these lies and fairy tales.
It's even worse than the president almost. How can it be profanity? It's a biblical word.
It does refer to a location that's a good place.
And maybe she was talking about hell Michigan. We do know there is such a place. Maybe that's
what she was talking about. There's hell. Maybe she figured that's a good place for
a hell Michigan. Go to hell. Oh, brother. It just is. It's reached the point. Like I said,
yes, that I really mean this. I believe this with every bone in my thing that every bone
in my nose that we need to separate. We need to go back to a pre-civil war days. We need
to have a total separation of the North and the South. I'm not talking about bringing
slavery back. All we already have that. That's why Bush likes those illegal aliens.
But we need to have the North and the South and ever the Twain shall meet. And then South
Florida can like, I don't know, just to see from the rest of Florida, do whatever they
want. Be independent. Be kind of like Cuban or what already is. You know what I'm talking
about? I can't deal with this with this whole religion. The world is laughing at us. And
the Janet Booby thing was a typical example. Man, that was the epitome of what's wrong with
America right there. All the hand ringing and the teeth gnashing and the, oh my god.
This was disgusting and all the goody tushus bullcrap speaking of bullcrap. Including the
seaports. Yes, see? Even he is pissed off and fired up about it.
I'll make you know, I'm a dandys. You're done. Come on, right? What is this? It's a theme from
America. They're loading a ship to America. We can send you the reach out to make sure America
is more secure. We're doing things full wise. You're not waiting for ships. Okay, I thought
it was coming to a crescendo there, but it just decided to keep on going. Oh, this one
disc. I think, oh, no, what a shame. What a shame, Brian. Because he made these disc for me
to get like cut number 28. And then after that, all these other good ones on here, you can't,
it's, it's, they just didn't take. You know what I mean? You can't cum up. Well, dang.
Danny Thomas. Got it. Got it. What is it? Danny Thomas. Make room for. Danny Thomas. What was
he? Lebanese? Serien? Something like that. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Right. I think Lebanese. Paul
Ankees. I didn't say that. Are you picking on Paul Ankees, Canadian? Hey, don't be picking on us.
Canadians. Don't forget our couples contest. How those entries coming in the trickling still?
We're getting what we're getting. Did you check lately today? Yeah, sent you one today. Oh, I didn't see any
today. Is it good? It's, it's good, but not for real. Oh, I see. Now come on. We want some real ones
because we got some good prizes to give away here. You got the till February 13, which is a week from
tomorrow to submit your entries to contestatNearRodgers.com. And then we'll vote the following week,
the 16 to the end of that week. And whoever whichever couple gets the most votes wins their choice
of one of these two trips, trip for two to Heedonism and Jamaica or trip for two to Royal
Oasis, Casino and the Bahamas. And one of these days, Miguel will tell us which one of those
includes airfare and whatever else that includes. And then run it up couple the second place
couple gets whichever one of those trips is leftover. And the third place prize dinner for two
to the pizza lot. And you can go in there and watch the members eat for free. It'll be great.
All contest rules on our website NearRodgers.com. What? Just go in there anytime,
they're making different when you go in there. We'll see the ones eating for free, especially now that
we have the All Star break. You could put them in a glass booth with one of those, you know, feeders
in the front. People could stick possible through there. Yeah, that's out of that idea.
What I like most about NearRodgers.com is listen to the show online, 51. Both Pictures and Stories,
50. Fiddy 34. The naked Pictures 20. That's moving up. They're starting to get honest now.
The polls 19, the news stories 19, the archive 6, the selling noises 5, the funny pictures 5,
and I hated its evil 5 out of 166. I got a pretty good idea. Since we have that little issue with
celebrity news, we don't need celebrity news. Okay, just new people. I think it's the same issue.
It's the same issue. We've had naked people have about in our hot couples contest.
I know, that's not to say that it's necessarily alone. We're just kind of, you know, sliding.
What are you talking about? Some others we can't have any nudity on our website. We've got this,
we've got this pristine squeaky clean website on this perverted show. You've got to be Schmitt me,
man. You better get that Eric straight now. I think we'll have to talk to our people about it.
Yeah, we better get with our people on this issue. Let's have a committee meeting right after the show.
27 after 11 at 560 WQM EF Terranado repair is located at 53 North Federal Highway just in my
North, what is it? A mile and a half north of sample road like I said in Pompano Beach. I'm a
little fired up right now. You'll have to excuse me. No. Well, don't think at EF Terranado repair
experience, the difference that experience makes because all EF mechanics know their stuff. They
didn't just come in off a banana boat, believe you may. They're ASC certified technicians in
North Latest Technology and most of them with the EF team for nearly 20 long, amazing years.
The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience. No job is too big or too small
of the EF, whether it's a blown fuse all the way up to a blown engine from a 73 Toyota to an
04 Bentley EF Terranado repair can do it for you and do a great job of it too. And all jobs are
meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the job a shop foreman. Every car is cleaned upon
completion of the work. So when they get done, your car looks and runs just like brand new.
EF on his most extended warranties, there are probably a wide-awaited service and lots of repairs too.
EF Terranado repair hears that location again. 5083 North Federal Highway in Pomano Beach. Be
sure to ask about their 90 days. Same as cash knowing to his credit card when he called 954-4269926.
That's 954-4269926. Trust your card if people are really going to do his to-pendous job for you.
EF Terranado repair nationally known as one of the most successful auto repair facilities
in the entire US of A. And the EF their motto is nobody cares more and nobody know where
will work harder to earn your business.
What else? What am I missing?
As for copying fields, as long as grass is on the plate, can feed you.
If I can see it, then I can do it. If I just believe it, then there are my
char-heads. I'm a big pedophile. Yes. I believe I can touch you, but I, you can see it on video tape.
Don't care more than try to survive. If I'm ever coming from home.
You see me running through that open door. I'm a big pedophile. I'm a big pedophile.
I'm a big pedophile.
1132. What surprised me if they were playing Dan Jackson with the art Shelley on the agrammies
this weekend or to think? Oh, jeez. He's probably got a one-a-whole bunch.
A bunch of what? Crap. Little kids, little girls. Let's see, Johnny says, is there any way to set up
the archives so you can fast forward by sliding your little thingy to the parts of the show we might
have missed? I don't want to miss him in a minute. Please, is Johnny. Can't we do that?
We've answered his question before because he's asked that question before.
Now, what's the answer? He waits for the archive to completely load. He can slide it forward,
backward sideways, up, down, and into the empty dimension. Right. He can listen to whatever he wants.
Like anything else, I just, if you just hold your horses, Johnny, just sit tight, put your hand
very, very hand deep in your crotch, and like kind of like, you know, sit, squirm back and forth
in the chair, and then just wait, squirm with the old worm, and then when it's done, you'll know.
And when you're done, you'll know, too. Here's another one from Joe, who signs his name in,
this is from Eric. I thought so. Yeah, this is from Eric. It says, I love everything about
near Raj's comes to that's my hope, but it isn't an option. Who needs a web staff when you've
got Eric twice the productivity almost half the size? Yeah, see only one. He used to be, but now he's
only one and it's signed in teeny tiny letters, Joe, as in Joe Mala on the bottom. Thanks, Eric.
Appreciate the photo confidence. It's been great working with you. Let's see, Rick says,
thanks for the jogged on memory lane with cartoon themes.
Well, but that's not a cartoon theme. That's my little Margie. I have a lot more cartoon themes,
though. My little Margie with a Gale storm. Never heard of. She's dead.
He's a bunghole. I can't believe that, boy. See, even back then they said things like that.
Even back in the 50s and early 50s, Andy Devine on the Buster Brown, she sure used to say,
plunk your magic twanger froggy. If anybody said on the year right now, plunk your magic twanger,
that would be the end, man. You have Michael Powell being there in a heartbeat, shutting everybody down.
Probably probably come to your house and confiscate your radio TV and pop up toaster. If anybody said,
plunk your magic twanger. Anyway, he says, I'm in my 30s. Can vividly remember Kukla Frann and
all of how do you like that? That is great. That was fun. See the shows back in those days,
they were all live and they were fun. Yeah. Even how do you do? He was fun. Especially when
one of the little kids in the audience had to go pee or something like that. Every Saturday morning,
right after the Skipper Chuck show, it was Kukla Frann and all of you. If George can remember
ARK1, the science fiction series about a futuristic RV and desolate earth, you ought to remember Kukla
Frann and all of you. Which he doesn't. Maybe if I saw it. Says great show, George. Peace,
love and happiness is Rick. Thank you, Rick. You're okay in my book. Skipper Chuck show.
It's because of the crowd.
So now I bet you know I bet you know this show, Robert Young.
Father knows that your breath. That's what Joe Jackson said at Jan. And Father knows that
and they hear a breath.
I
always the son's name on a chart. I think it was his name.
Oh, but but but. Same same difference. I thought that was on flipper.
That was a different but but I don't care about the whole. I'm not worried about but I'm
flipper. I'm worried about sandy. I wonder if Luke Helping is doing okay. How you doing Luke? Boy,
he must be really out there by now. Let's see what is this? Oh, that's my little margine.
Now here's one you'll know guaranteed even you.
We'll see.
You're okay. Let me give you a hint. All right.
Uh, bebop, uh, bebop baby.
Coward man.
Rick Nelson. Oh, I was going to hear you.
You notice Ozzy, uh, he didn't have a job. He just used to leave and kind of wander around the
neighborhood. No idea. Never saw that.
I'm except for a father and his best. I don't even know what he did.
I was thinking he was a doctor but that was the other Robert Young show.
Nobody ever did anything except William Bendix used to go to the uh, and uh, and of course,
Terrell O'Connor. 5, 6, 7, how did we get sideprack then? This is all because of Doug McClure
and the Virginian. Right. No. Okay. Now we got this which is probably just as well because I
got a lot of really pressing things here like the defendant and Tamarack theater that says he
was just protecting his wife. That way. He's testimony. Shivalrous instinct and failing eyesight
prompted Seymour Shus to slug a 74 year old man outside of this gone movie theater. He testified.
Yesterday his manslaughter trial in Fort Lauderdale. I still say take away his sweet and low
ant is bagged and then fry him. And his wife's driver's license. Nothing nothing like this has
ever happened to me. The Tamarack grandfather says he's legally blind. Fist about in a choke voice
his face redding. I never have hit anybody. Defensive attorney Jane Wymecroft then softly asked
him his age. I'll be 70 this year. He said before his head slumped and began sobbing.
Oi! If convicted in the death of Irving Rosenberg, Shus faces up to 15 years in prison.
Rosenberg fell hard on his head after the punch to his chin November 8th 2002. He died 16 days later.
Shus who turned out to pre-deal I would have resulted in just a year in jail maintains his actions
were unintentional but justified justified my ass. I say fry him. Now for what have been
sunny Rosenberg that's a different story congressional middle of honor.
Come on Brian what is this?
Even I wouldn't remember this armist Brooks with E. Martin and Gail Gordon.
Maybe you know Hazel.
Oh that this is Hazel.
I never see you guys.
I try opening the show.
The what? Just the opening like that.
Now Hazel the guy speaking of Ozzy and Harriet Don DeFoe was that his name?
I don't know. I think he was like kind to DeFoe.
Don DeFoe he was the neighbor in Ozzy and Harriet. Don't you remember that?
No.
Have you actually ever see Ozzy and Harriet?
No.
You didn't miss a damn thing.
I bet thanks.
All Rick and David used to do a sit-around and drink milk all day and that's all.
Twenty-two known speaking of silly people.
Instead of moving toward democracy.
Right.
He said we're moving toward democracy but we don't want to have it all at once because it's a little bit too much.
Was he talking about us or Iraq?
No he's talking about America.
I think the local species is by species.
The radio is all yours.
I'm here.
QAM.
WQAM.
I am the one-quarter tale.
They're dead.
They're dead.
The whole dark cast is dead.
Boy.
They're dead.
They're dead.
They're definitely dead.
Liz, my comrade and Nick is more ahead.
Dick York and the other Dick too.
And it's straight that Paul is taking.
A turn out to.
They're dead.
They're dead.
Like Dornell's there all dead.
They're dead.
All dead.
Yes, boss it to me, then.
It's not far out on the top of up but we're working on that too.
So stay tuned and they will be dead soon.
17 to learn.
I have some bad news for you folks and it just don't.
I mean, other jackpard identity.
The greatest entertainers the best of the best.
Are they all dead?
Yeah, and.
No, it's just don't.
I mean, it's a little depressing but then again we've always got all day Nickelodeon
and all the oldie but goodie at TV.
Shant Charlie.
Sookie.
A real McCoy.
Daring Walter Brennan and Dick Crenna created by Irving Getson.
Watch you.
Some of the lead.
Oh, real boy.
Oh, what's birds.
They came to see.
Johnny.
John.
Oh, boy.
That's Brown County.
Listen to it.
The boy.
It's a major.
Brands.
Why don't you need a look?
Oh, Walter Brennan.
He did too.
Just in case you were worried about it.
What is it?
Now you're getting into my time zone.
With these guitar-talking stuff.
Yeah, that sounds like your kind of show.
Damn straight.
Especially.
Oh, no.
Now let's see.
What am I looking for?
The Virginian.
I'm now I'm finding some discs that I have.
Oh, I got the Virginian.
Oh, man.
This is exciting.
I realize most of the people in the audience are thinking,
what's going on with you, man?
What is with the, I don't know.
Do you believe that?
Sure I do.
Why?
This is not even what it does.
This is a, huh?
Because it's us.
Boka Bryant didn't burn that disc.
No, this is like a real one.
Yeah, but from when 1978.
From before it's just on the bottom here.
From before Jesus was a baby.
The best TV show in history.
In fact, it was the South Park of its time.
Indeed.
I'll see.
Here's a fact from Todd and Key Largo's.
There's even though I'm a Republican,
I love that Democratic slogan on your website.
Less bushes.
A great thing.
PS saw this bumpers to the hear.
I found Jesus.
He was in my trunk when I got back from Tijuana.
Are you going to burning hell for saying that, Todd?
Oh, can I say hell?
Hey, D.
Yeah, well, what is this with these?
Now, maybe it's my CD players, do you think?
I don't think so.
It could be, but I think those CDs are just ancient
and scratched up and you know.
There's a hold up in the Bronx.
Brooklyn's broken.
Now, in fights.
There's a traffic jam in Harlem.
That's backed up to Jackson Heights.
There's a scout group.
So a child.
Crystal.
And I know, while it cars 54, where are you?
Oh, yeah, one of my unfavorable shows of all time.
I love to see what cut was on.
Let me just try it again, but I don't think it's going to work.
See, if you wouldn't need chicken wings during the show.
Oh, no.
Oh, see, this is my bad omen for me,
because it's cut number 48 in this disc.
And it gets to like 47 is what we're at.
Stop pressing.
No, well, we got a whole bunch more.
We got hundreds and hundreds.
In fact, we're going to stay until midnight, just
playing old TV themes.
So we're reminisce about the good old days, all
as old Farts.
Even young whippers, Neckers, they see all these shows.
Even people like, you know, 5, 6, 7,
right in between snapping whippers.
Let's see, I think I got somewhere on here.
I got a whole bunch of those channels
speaking to my digital TV.
Well, I got the diva channel.
Deba?
Oh, deja vu.
Here you go.
Forgot the exchange.
The rock foot file.
The deal.
Exchange, take place at Angel Martin's funeral.
Let's two o'clock this afternoon,
the house of our father, Chapel.
Oh, yeah, we got old shows up the ass here.
I'll say that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Can I say that?
No.
Like I said, we got old shows and abundance of them.
What I like most about neo-roggers.com,
that's a very non-controversial poll question today.
But we're still getting a fabulous response,
which means they're looking at Janet's booby again.
You got to figure that we're going to assist
billion people on the face of the earth
that all of them will have seen it once on our website.
Right.
Because we certainly, by far and away,
have got the best graphics.
And we got Justin reaching over and yanking at Baby Yaw.
I hate him.
Not as much as I do.
All right.
Great.
Not even close.
Bye, bye, bye.
The spies.
Bye, bye, bye.
Like the shoot them in the ankle.
Bye, bye, bye.
Hey, you lost Justin, you little twirpy fag.
He is.
I don't care what anybody said.
I did see the idea that he did that Britney
Day thing with him is so laughable, man.
Don't feed the public any crap that they can pedal.
You know, oh, really?
Oh, I didn't know that.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
Britney, wouldn't she wouldn't touch the best part of him
if she could find it with a goddamn search party
and our people?
How do you like that?
I'll taste it.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
What is that?
Three stuages.
Oh, that sounds like the three studios to me.
I thought it was more like...
Oh, Walter Lance is dead too.
My clients is still alive, but Walter Lance is dead.
That's bad news.
Oh, yeah.
It's going to happen.
560, 7.05, 60, 560.
Oh, I haven't been reading any of the stories about it,
but you see who's in real deep crap these days.
Oh, I snore.
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't see that.
Oh, yeah.
They're getting ready to boot his ass.
Oh, I snore.
560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
QA and hello.
I was beautiful, wasn't it?
That was the ghost line.
That was an emotional moment for all of us.
WQA and Hest, hello.
Phil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, Pally?
Did you bring up the show ARK1?
ARK1?
It was on that fax.
Oh, okay.
From like, I was like 100 years ago.
It was on one fax.
There was a chin tan, that's the one we're reading.
Okay, okay, I got you.
Because I was on the other day.
Oh, yeah.
That was the other day, right?
I was trying to think of that, too.
The other night going over with a bunch of my old buddies about old TV.
I mean, probably smoking some really good crap, too.
Yes.
Three, two, one.
It really was, especially after you're smoking some good shit.
Okay, pal.
Get back up in there.
Also speaking of Chuck Barrison, the Bond show.
CWL.
CWL.
CWL.
CWL Mack.
Cool Mackery.
Dangerous business.
The lake is all going down.
There's a copair behind.
Okay, here's a facet from Frank and Fort Lauderdale.
Good thing all the old parts are getting together now.
All you other people, Bug off.
Says, remember when Plug Your Magic came from?
What did I just get you're saying before?
I said Andy Devine on the Buster Brown Show.
And I says, remember, I came from the Buster Brown Show.
Wow.
Hi, I'm Buster Brown.
I live in a shoe.
Here's my dog, Ty, and he lives in there, too.
Post Andy Devine.
Pre-Wild Bill Hickock.
Frank and Fort Lauderdale.
Hey Frank, thanks so much, but I just got through sand all of them things.
But thanks for reminding me about Wild Bill Hickock, who starred.
His name was Madison.
Guy Madison.
All right.
Man, he was one good looking guy.
Not as good looking as guy gross, but he was pre-dem good.
Guy Madison.
Long before your time.
Let's see, Danny Thomas was born in Deerfield, Michigan, to Lebanese immigrants.
God damn you into hell.
He's sighted anonymous principal in Pittsburgh.
Well, back at you.
That's cute.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, let's take a little pause before they blow up the whole world.
Okay.
Let's pause and start, pardon around a little bit.
Look at it, naked pictures, playing a bunch of old stuff.
Let's start living in the past.
Because the present quite frankly, and all that great for a lot of people.
Which is why Bush is going to get his ass whipped in November.
You'll see.
You will see.
And if it doesn't turn out to be, um, don't turn out to be Carrie.
In words, it's going to be Carrie and Gibhard.
To get all immune people in there.
Right.
Okay.
I'm just saying.
That's what I'm, that's my people.
I talked to my people and my people said.
285 votes.
What I like most about your website, neo-rojus.com is.
Well, let's start at the bottom.
I hated its evil.
6.
The funny picture is 6.
The archives only 6.
Ah.
The selling noises 10.
The news stories 33.
The naked picture is 36.
The polls 39.
Both pictures and the stories 50, 50, 66.
Now see, that's a little more uplifting.
And listening to the show online 83.
Of course, that's going to stop at about 300.
Because we already found out in the first hour we got about 285.
Something like that.
At least the ones who can vote.
See, I don't understand how that works.
I mean, I realized the AOL problem.
But if we had like 10,000 people listening online, only a very small number.
Can vote is that correct?
Why?
Because of the cookie thing.
In other words, to keep people from voting multiple times.
Yeah.
They get a cookie or a...
They get a cookie.
They explain it all technically.
But basically, we record the URL that it came from or wherever it came from.
And since AOL funnels people through like one channel that registers as one vote.
Here I come to save a day.
That means that my mouth is on the way.
Yes or when there is a wrong to write.
My mouth will join the fight.
And it didn't look like my mouth's how about this mouth?
Greatest cat in minute mouse.
Oh, sorry.
Where the hell is the reason now?
Not to be confused with minute maid.
What's the...
What's the special part of these in mice?
I don't know.
My sister's made kind of cutesy cartoon characters.
Well, animals, you got rabbit rabbits?
Well, yeah.
How many rabbits?
How many different cats?
How many rabbits?
I get nothing against Niggas.
Daddy was a Niggas.
Oh, Jesus.
Why do you keep dropping that thing in there?
I don't have anything to do with that.
That was all George.
That was Josh.
Yeah, Josh did it.
I think Greg Reed did it myself.
I didn't play that.
I don't even know.
I don't think I even have that.
And I don't tell me where it is if I do, please.
What?
Whatever, whatever I just heard.
Don't tell me where it is, Josh.
God, almighty.
Next, he's going to be playing song of the South drop-ins.
Ooh, I got that on me.
This chronic, you just sent me.
Why do you send me this, Fax?
I don't know.
Okay.
Just, I can't handle it anymore.
Okay, this is the one that was like analyzing the show
and the ratings are down because of this.
And you should be doing that.
You can go away.
He signs it chronic and believe me, that's an insult
to every chronic in the world.
Chronic would be a compliment to you.
You smuck it all life.
Get a goddamn life, okay?
Man, if the audience only had any little idea.
Man, the other two, the hopper is that they were all Caribbean golf tournament.
Like, we're supposed to know what that is.
You know, everybody's like all the golfers, which we don't really care about.
They're like laughing at me because I'm saying, at the real Caribbean, what is that?
Well, how the hell do I know?
Right, could be a...
See, parents face out these schedules like, well, it's a sports thing.
You're supposed to know about it.
Shut up, your golf falls up your ass, but at least I need to have a pair, okay?
Clarence, you idiot.
Then we got the big, at seven,
8K at 10 o'clock to relieve from three hours of that spanglish,
whatever the bigo is talking about.
And then Joe Mark overnight, two to five who are sneaking into that morning slot.
That's what Joe told me.
Eventually, they want to work out of that five to eight slot.
One night, a real long,
we're supposed to radio five, six, eight, few a.m.
This is the king.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen recite my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour movie.
Hey.
Dr. Howard Deemed, governor, physician, surgeon for a way,
detapped into the American voters' consciousness.
Then, in accident, an overdose of embarrassment,
authors' body chemistry.
And now, when our dean of Rosangri, who are outraged,
a startling metamorphosis occurs.
The creature is treated by rage and pursued by a nation of reporters.
We're going to California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington, you see it?
Take back the White House.
The creature is wanted for a tyrant in Iowa.
Howard Deemed's political future is believed to be dead.
And he must let the world think that it is dead,
until he can find a way to control the raging spirit that dwells within him.
It'll take a herculean effort by a busload of spin doctors to change the public perception of the governor.
The only one in creature in his life who still believes in him is blind, deaf, mute, dog, lucky.
The creature must run to protect himself, but where will he go?
We're going to California and Texas and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington, you see it?
Take back the White House.
Come on, all one at 560 WDQM, Happy Thursday, too.
You know what I forgot to mention today, and it's on our website for those who really want to waste.
I mean, I want to look into it.
Because we had a call yet the day, we've had several factors about the thing with the Al Sharpton sleeping with the GOP.
It's in a village voice. It's on our website.
Roger Stone, longtime Republican Dirty Kurtz operative who led the mob to shutdown the big county recount to help make George's W president in 2000.
Is financing staffing and orchestrating the presidential campaign of urban Al Sharpton that says here.
Though Stone and Sharpton have tried to reduce their alliance to a curiosity, suggesting that all they do is talk occasionally.
A voice investigation is documented in extraordinary way of connections, and it goes on about to this one, did this.
And it like pages and pages of this, which you can read on our website on neo-riders.com.
But I'm not going to read on here because stop and think about it.
I have Al Sharpton. How many votes did he get?
About 30, man.
And it was all together so far. I mean, he doesn't have enough votes to even talk about.
In addition to which the reason I'm skeptical about this, and I read the whole thing, is because nobody has been more critical of George's W than Sharpton all the debates.
So if Roger Stone is really behind him, and if the Republicans are like goosing him up with cash and whatever else, they're not doing too good of a job.
So consider this or keep your eye on the bouncing ball.
Okay, don't get distracted. Well, I'm serious.
Keep your eye on the prize, baby. Keep your eye on the prize.
Here's the fact that this didn't guy Madison also play zero.
Oh, that was guy Williams.
What a guy, but not the right guy.
And you recall John Gavin in the industry? Don't you?
I don't.
I don't even.
You ever heard of him?
I know John Gavin. I mean, the industry.
Oh, we already did that one, didn't we?
Yeah, yeah, I wanted to play this.
What? Nothing.
You did why?
I said, I know the lyrics to this. I used to watch this all the time.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Even the guy who can't make a change his way, see me.
It's the Bini and Cecil's show.
Come go save me. Waited all enough.
For Bini and Cecil design is done and kept in the hot.
I heard that there was a real scream.
Here's George's favorite.
That was a rock.
And Hodgy. Exactly. WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I tried calling yesterday and I was going to ask if you watched that game with San Jose and Panthers, did it all?
No, I did not.
Yeah, they got out.
Yeah, they got out.
Oh, you just go, you stick the peel back out of banana, please.
The world is a carousel of color.
Wonderful, wonderful color.
It's yet Walt Disney's wonderful world of color.
I'm not.
No need to hear.
Underdog is here.
One, two, three.
When criminals in this world appear and break the laws of the place you appear and quite soon all will see you are here.
The cry goes up the car and get for underdog.
Underdog.
Underdog.
Underdog.
Speed of lightning more of thunder.
What's not to like, right?
Well, it's just like at least two, three, four times a week.
It's just so much better, so much more fun than some of these people.
WDQA and hello.
Yes, hold a memory from all these classic TV themes and everything.
Isn't it great?
It brings back the number one guy from classic television.
And who could that have been?
Give me a clue.
Alan Funt.
Alan Funt.
And you know the best part of it is I bet you I got that on here somewhere.
Sure.
You think?
I think you do.
You think so I do?
Not on this disc, I don't think.
But I bet you if I really scour through here I can find that dance.
I can find that puppy.
Get out there, cool and skin can.
He poured on a mountain top and Tennessee.
Greenest day in the land of the free.
Something raised in the woods, soulsy new every tree.
Killed him a bar when he was only three.
Davy.
Davy Crockett.
King of the wild frontier.
That's a crock, Davy.
Thought single handed through the engine bore.
And the rings was whipped and peace was a storm.
Did I mention it water Lancet's dead?
Yeah you did.
Oh.
And also what is what?
Pecker is dead too.
They have a face for that now.
See good rock on there wouldn't he?
For what he had?
Why ever?
Why ever?
Ray the razor sand bowl.
Come with his faith and long live his glory.
And long make his story be told.
Oh right.
Wow that's almost something like something out of church.
You know it sounds very emotional.
Davy CQA him, hello.
Oh Neil.
Yes sir.
Well I can't believe I got through to you.
Great job man.
You're a good dude man.
Yeah I am.
And Rudy Kazooity remember him.
Yes I do remember Rudy Kazooity's benefit.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's out one of these.
I've asked a lot of people this and I can never get the answer.
Who won the fight?
You can't get the wrong place.
Who was the big fat guy that was on the round show before a guy named Andy Devine?
Rush Limbaugh.
Rush Limbaugh is right.
No.
Jackie Gleason.
No no.
I don't know.
If I'm not mistaken I think the guy was in silent pictures towards the end.
Really?
I remember Andy Devine was not the original one.
Well we could probably find out.
We could look up Buster Brown on the do a search.
Oh I'm great show man.
Keep up the work.
Thanks pal.
Have a great day.
See you too.
Bye bye.
See you everybody.
It's an amazing mood to even know your friend Reverend Jones isn't a good mood.
He's bubbling over with fun.
We're all happy.
Do you want to see him bubbling over as a matter of fact?
I'd like to see the blood spreading through his mouth.
He does.
You know they weren't putty.
This is song about George's paycheck and Josh.
I get peanut from Josh's written show.
Long live!
Long live!
The long man came with the sun.
George Gory was a job to be done.
And so they sent on the badge at the gun.
The long man.
Hey!
Now what does this say?
It says, hurry hurry step right up and see the amazing Jackson's.
One thing that I'm one tenth of it all is all across.
See Michael, a forty something flying.
I think he still thinks he's Peter Pan.
Don't get too close to the boys.
He might just snatch you up to his bedroom play hide and seek with the teddy bear.
Next we have Janet, the one breasted pop singing diva.
Close your eyes, kid. Open your mouth and you're in for a real treat.
Then we have Jermaine, the Frankenstein and watch kids.
How his only lips move when he's speaking.
I bet PT Barnum would have loved him Jackson says a bob in wherever the hell bob is.
Nice bob, that's kind of cute.
What is it Jermaine to the case?
That's the question.
Jermaine to the case.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a AT&T and for eyes on wireless line.
Let's see if they really want to see any more naked pictures on our website.
So in other words, you think we can't put any of them on there, right?
He nailed me the agreement we can now.
I'll fax it to you.
We can talk about it.
It's a subjective kind of thing.
Not unlike the FCC.
So we'll see what we can see.
What do you mean not unlike the FCC?
The FCC doesn't.
There are no regulations on the other end of the internet.
The agreement is very similar to the language that you find in FCC language where it's like,
well, what do they mean by that?
That whole kind of thing.
Yeah.
So, well, you and him battle it out.
Okay, you do get out with the Duke.
I don't want to get involved because then he'll call here.
And if he calls here, I will jump out the window on a very high spot.
I'll do whatever.
I will do something or not.
Try.
I'll do something or not.
Or we can just argue about it for six months.
You know, 12 13 at 5 60 W.
Come and boy, you've been great working with Eric.
You know, he's been a real treat.
Hey, guys, last time he took a look at it,
you decided it's just too small.
It's so small, it's embarrassing.
It doesn't impress women.
It doesn't even impress guys.
And it certainly doesn't last as long as it used to.
And of course, we're talking about your paycheck.
Call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train.
Start that new high-paying computer career.
And just for sure at once, they can help you get you a new high-paying computer career
and get a big, fat paycheck that goes along with it.
The demand for computer professionals is still growing.
So, call fast train today, toll free.
Be sure to mention Todd Vreck's name.
They'll get a real hoot and a holler out of that.
Call 1-866 fast train.
And with several locations in town, fast trains
about to have a campus close by where you live.
They offer you job placement, financial assistance for people who qualify
and with day night and weekend classes.
You have no excuses, no more, to stay in the dead end job working for peanuts.
What do you say, peanuts?
Yeah.
If you register now, you can have that new high-paying career
and just for sure at Montsoe, call fast train today at 866 fast train
or check them out of the web at fast train.com.
Now, you can have a real big, impressive one,
just like Todd Vreck, a big, fat paycheck.
Call 1-866 fast train.
The Mont Mont.
Oh, why?
It's a beautiful day in the night, for hood,
the day for some strange behavior.
Don't you dare mind.
I'm out of my mind.
It's a beautiful day in this beauty wood,
the beautiful day to show wood,
like you remind,
and lift your behind.
Welcome.
It's so nice to have a neighbor,
just like you.
I've always wanted to do a little kid,
like you, so don't try to do it.
Get up and just run away.
Just stay a while so we can both fly.
Am I here behind?
One nice behind, but don't you be a traitor?
Oh, don't please, please don't be.
Don't tell mom and dad, you traitor.
I tell a vision neighbor, I'm glad we're together again.
Always thought it was a proverb, you know?
Did you?
Did you didn't?
I just didn't like it.
It was the sweater and the sneakers that it for me.
I'd be dying.
I'd be pale.
Winpy.
I'm trying to say something.
He was a great man.
He was a great American.
You don't know what you're talking about.
He was so stupid for shopping.
He was really a perfect person.
Would you be fine?
No.
Could you be fine?
It's fine.
There was a guy that won the Midwest.
There was a man among the best.
The fastest gun or man of life.
I've been opening up that hole.
45.
45, not to be confused with 38, special.
Okay.
My good close personal friend, Alan Perris,
who needs a life out there in the West Coast,
get with it, Alan.
He says, Smiley and McConnell was the radio host
of the West Brown gang and you are absolutely...
Absolutely correct.
He was also the voice of Froggy the Grimler who went...
Hiya, hiya kids.
Hiya, hiya.
Like that.
Hiya, hiya.
It was kind of like an early day for real.
Hiya, hiya kids.
Smiley and McConnell, of course, he croaked, I do believe.
And then Andy Devine, and he croaked.
There's a lot of that going around.
Oh, Scalia flew his guest on Cheney's plane.
I do need to mention a few of these things.
Drop them in here in between all the environment and funny stuff.
Because this is enough to really piss you off.
I can get you in the sour mood once again.
I can't even get it.
Yeah.
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia traveled as an official guest
of ice person at Dick Cheney's on a small government jet
that served as Air Force 2 when the pair came last month
to Patterson, Louisiana to hunt ducks.
The revelation cast further doubts about where this Scalia can be
an impartial judge in Cheney's upcoming case
before the Supreme Court legal ethics expert said.
The hunting director placed just weeks after the Court agreed
to take up Cheney's bid to keep secret the details
of his energy policy task force.
I've got a secret.
That's the motto.
In fact, I probably got that theme on here somewhere too
without Gary Moore.
I've got a secret.
And that's the motto of the Bush Cheney.
Oh, Hunter.
Hard one.
Oh, right.
I told Jack Clarkman quit the lighting up them faggot's man.
Quit hanging around with them faggot's he just got smoke at him
and smoke him.
Now he's like, you know, not good.
He's still alive, right?
I don't know.
I'll ask Booker Brian.
Oh, look at that website.
Dead or alive, whatever.
Shire and shine.
Where will you be kept tonight?
This is the first Hispanic cowboy, Chejon.
Not to be confused with the Cisco kid.
Speak on the dead.
Now this thing that you just affects me with the 61s?
Yeah, I checked it out.
It's an anti-war bush, satirical kind of a thing.
It's cute.
Mecha Donalds.
Some guy made it.
Why doesn't it have 61s?
That's funny that way.
I see.
Well, he does the same.
I'm not quite the...
Oh, here's another fact that Veraphah was also from my Alan Peris, who really needs to get busy out there doing something.
Jack Cudman.
Smiley and Buster Brown gang.
What?
Jack Cudman is still alive.
Well, thank God.
He's 81.
Rann on Radio 1944 to 52.
Smiley and his Buster Brown gang.
Coming soon, I've got shoes you've got shoes.
Everybody's got to have shoes, but there's only one kind of shoe for me.
Good old Buster Brown shoes, right?
Do you remember that, don't you?
Of course not.
Well, before all good stuff came along, like cheers.
Randore, Randore, tearing across the Texas plain.
Randore, Randore, Randore.
Do you hear this song about OJ?
Suzy here.
What?
Word association man, Bronco OJ.
Very kind of guy.
Oh, he can't stand it.
No, the horrible thing, too.
Oh, horrible.
He could perfectly fit it.
She was like the Oprah Winfrey of sitcoms.
No tension.
And that dig fan die.
That big one.
Big, big fan die.
Big fat guy.
She's a real fetch of yes man.
Yes, we came.
Yes, we came.
He was cursed with a brick and reckless gun.
Yes, he came and he placed the gate of ghosts.
Everyone, happy came.
One is killing, turning gold.
He prepared, he grew bold.
And he fought the world of the gold, the hungry gun.
Gold, hungry gun.
Gold, hungry gun.
If you're in doubt about angels being reared.
I hope you'll play a Gidget.
Was that petty?
I can arrange a Gidget.
Who?
Word association?
Gidget.
Gidget.
I don't know if you ever come to work.
You're a great thing to see my Gidget.
I thought it was you who they could do.
What a shame.
She's all that you adore but stay away.
Gidget.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You're gonna find that Gidget is mine.
Oh, great, what's yours?
Here's the cup.
Here we come.
There's a cup of spank of drum.
Here we come.
Poppulom Cassidy, we come.
Oh.
Now you must remember a William Boyden Gabby Hayes, no?
No.
Oh my God.
And you think you know something about life?
You don't remember happy?
No.
Damn it.
Remember poppies?
That's what Gabby Hayes used to say.
I'm happy.
I'm happy too.
I was waiting.
What I like most about our website, neo-riders.com, is out of 412 votes.
Listen to the show online, 109, as in PT, Barnum.
Both pictures and stories, 50, 50, 103, the polls, 53, the naked pictures, 49, the news stories, 47.
I hated its evil 16, the silly noises, 13, the archives 11 and the funny pictures 11.
Those archives, which people are always passionate about, I don't think there is big as some people would like us to believe.
Although, keep in mind, we're asking what do you like best?
Right.
Isn't that a good excuse?
Brian says that it was Sandra D with the original.
Sandra D with the original Gidget?
Who is the original Midget?
Me.
Did you tell me your very feelings, she's committed suicide?
Yes.
Wow.
You used like a small bullet.
27 past noon at 560 WQM.
I was kind of a low caliber show anyway.
Hey, I want to tell you a high caliber joint and that's pizza loft.
Pizza loft is the best in the business because when it comes to delicious food, everything cooked fresh to order.
That's why I take a couple of extra minutes because they don't want to bring you any like overcooked pasta.
There's nothing worse than pasta that's like mushy and overcooked fat.
Everything is cooked to order so it's crisp and fresh and delicious, whatever the hell it might be.
And they've got everything under the sun.
Every kind of pasta that is ever invented, they've got chicken and veal, seafood, three different kinds of fantastic pizza.
Calzone, super subs, the best garlic rolls anywhere in the universe guaranteed.
Now let's see, it's Thursday.
Thursday night is bike light at the loft.
Come on a motorcycle by one dinner and get the second one for half price.
And of course the pizza loft does great catering too for as little as five bucks per person for your next lunch or a fair.
You can eat it there, have a delivery to stop by and take it home.
Call 9-5-4-916-8880.
Be sure and tell them that they rumors sent you by because it'll probably get them a few more free meals.
Call 9-5-4-916-8880 for the world famous pizza loft.
It's in the pizza loft plaza.
Makes sense to me.
Right on university, drive between Griffin and 595 behind Perron imports with loads and piles of free parking too.
Pizza loft, not the cheapest or the fastest but the best anywhere.
And Jeff Cohen continues going strong after about 500 years.
Live in local, rear sports radio 560, see you at UAM.
Knocked on doors and got a job at a small radio station in Miami Beach Florida.
I did everything.
I was an idea.
I'm an idea.
I'm an idea.
I did the board.
I did Jock.
I did sports.
I did news.
I did everything.
Cleaned up, cleaned up, cleaned up.
I did everything.
Welcome to Larry King Live.
Joining us tonight is Osama Ben Laden.
Welcome to the show.
Thank you.
So, Osama, what time you got?
Let's see.
That's the hell of my ass.
So, this is your first appearance on American television, right?
Well, not exactly.
I did not just read it.
That was.
That's right.
Well, at 9-11 things pretty much like that.
Stop living in a fast, right?
Of course.
Not to mention the bush.
Remove the American basis from Saudi Arabia as I wish.
So, all those warnings?
No, I got what I wanted.
So, how's that dialysis coming along?
I praise our Lord for all our hobbies and betters us not to wear pants.
That's a loom for the pad you see.
Yeah.
Okay, let's take a call from two eggs, Lord.
What's the question?
Yeah, Larry.
The FCC and Ed Ensen doesn't care about the $27,000 fine pocket change for him says Lana.
Thanks for the good news, okay?
So, if you want to see a lot of boobs just turn out at Channel 7,
or you already missed them today, but if you want to see the biggest boob in town,
10 o'clock Channel 6, for Sanchez.
Is he still on?
I don't know.
I bet he's hanging on.
I bet he's hanging by his thumbs.
Now, what if I got in here?
Oh.
My show will end, Holly.
All right, let's go.
All the routine expedition that the great sir Quake ever known.
All right.
I'm going to grab this.
It's running down tiny ramp.
I'm going to spend down a thousand feet below.
To the land of the lost.
Oh, my God.
Marlow Thomas said to the crew, that girl.
That's right.
That girl there.
Hey, Marlow, this year, keep filming in a closet somewhere where they keep in the boom closet.
So, don't start that knee-toe trap again.
It's going to keep filming.
Put it back on MSNVC.
You don't have to wait until nobody watches it anyway.
Take my show off with C-Moscow.
Take my show off with C-Moscow.
Take my show off with C-Moscow.
I'm going to get out of here.
Never heard of it.
You ever heard of C-Moscow?
You watched it, didn't you?
You did not.
I did so.
You did?
Right.
Never knew if you were the third.
I thought you'd be collecting porn with a luxury woman in China girl.
That's only like Beach Boy harmonies there in the background, didn't it?
Yeah.
That was Carl Wilson.
I know it.
WDQA and Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I know.
I just wanted to thank you.
Tell me about that.
Wuhan.org, what's it?
I was on a list.
I was, you know, why did the tanker push campaign that started nothing?
Right.
I talked about 25 people and they all did the same thing and hopefully it'll help make a difference.
And who knows who it is.
But I wanted to ask you something.
Yes, sir.
Who is your playing team from OTV shows?
Is the possible play the theme from Maverick?
Oh, I'm sure I got it.
I'm here somewhere.
I'll find it.
How do you get those things?
I'm just curious.
Well, you can go into any music store, any record store, any place where they got CDs.
And they have in the TV section, they have old, all the old CDs, TV's, there's the whole
series of them.
I haven't been in this TV store in years.
I'm going to have to pay a visit.
I think I'm losing touch with the help of the CD.
Well, stay out of blockbuster, man.
I won't go with that for anything.
I haven't rented a tape in there and, uh, the gig.
Thank God.
I used to go to Hollywood video, one of the vocal ones.
Well, keep up the good work, Pellie.
Okay, I have a bit of a game.
You too.
I mean, I got to play a little bit of this, you've not so patently obvious.
The thing is just coincidence that, um, Tabith is baby on, that first of all, her name is
Tabith of the witch on passions and that her babies named Indora.
You think it's just a coincidence?
No.
Like, at least in the game.
Welcome.
Oh, no, no.
Please don't eat the daisies.
Really?
How do you like that?
I mean, of course, how we normally leave this out.
For all of our recon listeners.
She go and get it.
They pretty don't do it pretty.
Come on.
Jesus.
You did it?
Jesus Christ.
How can you hit us on something?
You ever didn't under you?
Four days.
She go.
Oh, yeah.
Don't be destroyed.
Oh, it's okay.
I love Jose Feliciano, man.
He's good, you know?
Is he still alive?
Yeah, he is.
He's great.
You don't think he's great?
I like him just fine.
I think he's a more excellent thing.
Has a hot wife ever see her?
No.
Neither is he.
Oh, I just got your planet.
Oh, that's the banana splits.
I'm sorry.
Where is the banana splits?
Jose, this is pleased.
Don't eat the daisies.
Jose, have fun with your guys.
Okay.
Will you accept it?
No.
I have no body to guide you.
Never heard of it.
You hear me?
Nope.
Please don't eat the daisies.
Nope.
Never heard of you.
No.
I loveader.
They're the ones that they want.
Who are the ones that hit the mortars?
They hit the mortars.
Oh.
Oh.
They hit the mortars.
Oh.
They hit the mortars.
every auto work actor, actress and Hollywood who couldn't get any gig any place else
wound up on this it was like the outcast show the recreate show
they look a lot better
I was there at the love boat
don't know it
come on you know
the ghost
the ghost and
Mrs.
New York
no
I heard of the show I never actually watched it
I'm just kidding
I don't know
what do you think?
our carry is still dead by the way
damn it I told you great entertainers did all that
now we got jury song felt in the nanny that's how we got
oh speaking of that
since the day that many came to stay with her
and we got a couple of pictures of the earth at once
have many
is there really magic in the thing she does?
or is there no?
the only magic thing that many
what do I want to hear maverick? I'll find it
oh a thousand of these we can do this for months
months and months I think like almost three years we can do this
twenty to one at five sixty w two I kind of enjoyed it
so little nostalgic and then of course the punks are
what the hell is old crap man?
a listen you love it don't you kid me for a second it's great
it's great for when your television is really useful and not just
as much as so he has talking heads like we'll
public screen credit on brown
god what a pile of crap they got on there now
oh we got Janet Jackson's booby
great congratulations
we got that the missing girl in sarasota you want to see that again
about fifty thousand of the got Janet Jackson's
a rest right here
well congratulations get a life
exactly we ever find out where Jennifer is what's going on with her?
no not lately we love you Jennifer nineteen to one at five sixty
w two m and directs diabetics where it's at it's a delicious new replacement
great the taste great and the reason is because it has a splenda
instead of as per tame or saccharine so it doesn't have that nasty
aftertaste that lingers in your puss recommended by doctors and
dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition
just because they're in a hurry so whether you're diabetic or just looking
for something that tastes great that doesn't have all I triggered this is
the answer for you
and directs diabetics is a completely balanced nutritional supplement
that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy
life plus fiber antioxidants yet it's low insaturated fan and cholesterol
and directs diabetics is also gluten free and lactose free and eight ounce can
provides two hundred and thirty seven calories of easy to digest nutrition
you try once you'll never go back to that other crap you were drinking before
fix them up today it's all over town now it's becoming more popular by the
second pick it up at Sedano's Navarro's Echards Walgreens Public's
CVS local pharmacies all around the joint and the makers of it are
so sure you're going to really enjoy it that they give you away a free
two pack that's right one pin all the one chocolate full-size samples
I have to do is call that toll free number and it's yours free call
one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine be sure in time
that Neil sent you by for the delicious one and they'll give you an additional
special gift when you mention my name or you can also order online at
interest diabetics dot com click on free samples here's that toll free
number again it's free call one eight six six three six eight thirty seven
thirty nine
and look all this is for radio by six
you way
so
twenty seven and five sixty w m bills got a good fact here says just about
al this is my real hair sharpened
stone funded is political fall so we could get matching funds and hang around
long enough to be a pin in the answer to convention as the usual southern strategy
the republicans use to firm up their southern base which of course is nothing but
another way of saying racist
lea water pining this years ago it used to be Jesse Jackson playing the
studio but now girl al fills in
al's the regulatory comments about bush are meaningless because a he's black
and the others in the south are listening be he's black and full of it and see
he's black politics one oh one the republicans are nothing but consistent
well don't worry about it like I said he's small potatoes and nobody paying
the attention to them now or any other time also how about that new Dennis Miller
Schroff there was a hell of fame for sell out to be in the inducted immediately
good point bill i thought was going to say however there was a hell he'd be there
immediately but i'll say hell again little kids are going to be walking around
saying hell god damn it before we get back because i'm having fun with this
thing i'm sure everybody else is doing it if not too bad
i got a couple things don't let me forget me one to two hour
marine doubts column purity of the polls and i love this linoa sknazi
from uh... me or kv news
Janet's got nothing on budwizers the headline this following columns been
previewed and approved for all genital audiences anyway just a couple of short
uh... thing i got a read got to do it the spirit of christian tells me to do it
just in tinkerbell speaking of that there's only one thing you could say that
would please me by by by he's uh... his family is offended by the uh... super
ball and the whole deal he's just uh...
just in tinkerbell said yesterday his own family was offended by his racy
super ball half time to wet with Janet Jackson but he insisted he thought only her
boost the would be revealed not her breast
uh... when he acted or costum he acted and came off
timbre like said interview with kcbs that he understood how unfortunate this is
all brought up so unfortunate you know
yeah he had it that he was a frustrated this character was being questioned
i do understand that a lot of people are completely offended by what happened
including my own family i think that's probably the part that's frustrating most
for me and completely completely completely that's three completely is regrettable
he told kcbs outside the stable center was rehearsing for sundays
granny awards tinkerbell said he received a call before the show from jackson
choreographer saying they want to do a costume reveal
now i was out of the impression i was going to be revealed in the costume reveal was
a red brazier boosty he said the singer said he didn't have time to rehearse
it before talk i think the stage was stunned by the outcome i mean i was completely
shocked and applauded all i could say was oh my god oh my god he said twice
the one second when he said it just like that by the way i was going to say in the lower
register but that's exactly what he sounds like oh my god right the one second
flashing which revealed jackson's right press that only in a sonshape nipple
shield to some eighty nine million viewers has caused an uproar well this is the
ap what macchars of understatement i'm really sorry i'm sorry all of this
stuff and uh... and his family's pissed off yeah well said
sendy says great show near all of all these old so to thank you city thank you so
much
uh... let's see bob hope is still dead by just heard uh... him tell jane
Jackson thanks for the memory not bad
sorry chronic just an intent and and tinkerbert tinkerbell lakes not listening just
monitoring only have a lot of those just in thank you five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and c
they try and arrive what one of three
their
well
buy
married
Jim back years
they know
the
jail
which is on
I was her name Joan one
Fleischmann. Oh seriously what the
Well, that was her name. I can't believe I forgot that. That's embarrassing. I'm so sorry
That goes way way back. Joan Collins. Joan
Johnny, uh, huh?
Johnny loves Chachi. Johnny loves Chachi. Well, he's Nancy looking at me
If the newest guy you ever see in Seattle
And the hills are greenest green in Seattle
What is it? Davis. Oh, Joan Davis. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I remember Georgie Davis used to drive it in a Hazel Park in Northville, down to the Sun
and the Steven Davis who can't drive his finger up his hand.
What do we think? I don't know.
It's the funniest.
Everyone's been
Oh
I'm saying it's the longest.
Oh
It's about what you say they did make some good music. I know they were musicians except for
I like their music. Peter Dork. No, I was a Michael Nezeman was a musician. What?
I like their music. They made some good music. I couldn't sing for a minute.
What the hell is that? Oh, that was good.
Oh, it's the flying moment.
Is that Sally Field? Yeah, this is flying music. Is that Sally Field? Yes.
I hate Justin. Here's some flying music for you. This is flyaway cruise.
Cool.
Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls.
All of them are here of gold. Like their mother. The youngest one.
I think Lauren Tenderson really did kiki things with the Western oil.
The Dallas, the New. Thank you.
Probably.
Fairway trip. All right.
All right. Never watch this.
It was crap.
What?
Well, I'm not really acquainted with the concept of it.
Oh, good. I'll take your word for it. Here we go.
This was a real show, baby. Something for everybody.
Now, here's a look that could sing.
Oh, and I just wanted to mention this.
Remember I told you yesterday I was watching the biography channel and they had the salmoneos life on there.
Right. And death.
And Don Johnson. There was a movie he made with a very young Don Johnson and a rape scene, a violent rape scene in prison word.
Don Johnson was the rape.
So many it was rape in a minute.
Yeah. Our young unbelievable looking Don Johnson. And guess who else that while they didn't really speak to Don Johnson, he's doing various.
But you've heard those rumors about Don Johnson going all three ways.
Yeah, whatever. Up down inside out.
And guess who else they talked to who was good buddies would sell many.
Well, let me give you a clue.
A whole lot of love in his work.
And it wasn't it wasn't surely Jones.
It wasn't then he'd go to douchebag.
It wasn't that they've maddened.
Or got out of it.
Was it a brother shot?
Yeah, I can't I can't confess my just obsession in my younger days with David Cassidy.
I do that because the guy with the eyes probably would get jealous.
But man, he's got his body.
He sure had some pretty hair.
I'll tell you that David Cassidy.
It was pretty mouth.
Here you go.
Jim Lang.
I beg your pardon?
I don't know what that is.
Yes you do.
The dating game.
I can't believe that if you're a dating game theme.
Sure it is.
If you're a baby man.
No, no, this is the newlywed theme.
All right, that's stiff neck asshole Bob you banged.
Great.
Well, but they had different dating games.
No, no, no.
Wrong.
Wrong.
I'll bet you Boka Brian's life on it.
That's it.
All right.
You got the music later and changed it to that T1 attack.
Yeah, that I hear that was it man.
All right.
You just don't know your horns mister.
It's one thing I know I know my horns.
Including Lena.
I didn't know how I remember it.
5, 6, 7.
Okay, like I said that wasn't it.
I just made it up.
But it's more than one theme you know sometimes shows that change their theme.
No, no.
Lost in space.
You're getting old mister.
You're getting old.
Oh, it's really bad.
12, 56, 5, 60, WQM.
If your mattress is getting old like George, I'll tell you one thing.
George at least has got a dial, so to why.
And so does Boka Brian.
And Miguel has got one of you ought to see what he and his lovely wife are doing on it.
We can't even describe it here on the air.
And fat boy, what he's doing on it.
Well, somebody cleans it up I guess.
I make you pardon?
He's sleeping on his.
Who is that boy right now?
Is he really?
I heard he's doing some other things.
See, P.
Anyway, here's the answer.
If you want the best mattress going, you know what's dial on my Chris.
Now it's president's day less than two weeks away, which means that the mall stores and showrooms every year they do it.
They run their big phony mattress sales this time of the year.
The ones where they doubled the price and they chop it in a half back to where it wasn't the beginning.
And they say, hey, look at this. We're giving you half off.
So if you want to be a fool and get sucked in, be my guest.
But if you want to be smart, call dial on my Chris.
One easy call any day for the best prices in the world.
1-800 mattress.
No phony sales.
No bait and swish.
Just every day rock bottom prices.
And they got them all.
Whatever brand you love, they got it.
Seely, sir to Simmons, King Coral, tempered
Now even stirons and foster hewitt.
Choose from dozens of bottles at low everyday discount prices.
You can rest easy and enjoy a great night's sleep.
I'm making that one easy phone call.
You don't even have to leave the house.
Just call 1-800 mattress.
And dial on my Chris.
Still lets you choose that two-hour delivery window that's convenient for you.
Any day, seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night.
Dial on mattress is super proud of their overall customer satisfaction record when you use these people once.
Next time, like years from now when you need a mattress again, you never dream of going to those vending department stores and getting ripped off.
So I'll get sucked in by the phony ads.
Do what we're all doing of QAIM and what all the smart folks are doing.
Make the one simple call 1-800 mattress.
1-800-MATTRES or check them out online at mattress.com.
My, my, and local.
This is 420-560.
The one and two-hour.
I folks stand a smeller here and I'm standing here with President George W. Bush.
The man I'm endorsing for re-election.
Hey, everybody.
Well, George Harris doing a great job.
I mean, you know, when it comes to get that done, he makes Churchill look like Neville Chamberlain.
Isn't that right, sir?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he's my favorite basketball player.
Right, and President Bush really stands up to the terrorists and say better than the Democrats.
I mean, come on.
Those guys have the backbone of a nematode on muscle relaxers.
Okay.
Yeah, I think I used to lick nematodes back in my frat these days.
It's thinking of licking.
George W. Bush is going to give the Democrats a bigger licking than Hootskin Turner.
Well, I know what Hoots is, but who's Turner?
George W. Bush is going to turn this economy around faster than Little Reagan's cranium in the excess zest.
I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie.
I mean, come on.
I don't mean to go off and are right here.
But George W. is depro-active for it.
Policy, what Heisenberg was, to quantum physics.
Okay.
I was almost good at this, man.
So please folks, come November 2004.
Hope for George W. Bush.
Trust me on this when you'll be happier than Ruben Stuttered with a fistful of ponderosa copants.
I think I get that one.
Oh, God.
Hey, poor by the surprising new friends of George W. Bush.
It's a matter of past one at 560 W.Q.M.
Happy Thursday to a mad dog at two of the hopper and the real care being golf tournament.
That's exactly going to be why I can spalls around.
Oh, let's see.
Here's the facts.
This tonight at 10 p.m. on channel two.
Frontline is re-broadcasting the documentary on porn.
I don't know if you saw it, but it's a real fly opener.
I'll be watching with both hands.
It's a squirt squirt here.
Did you like that?
Still want an answer on that rick Sanchez.
On rick torn?
Yeah.
Or rick Sanchez, yes?
WTVJ 10 a.m. on day through Friday.
What did I say before?
Before what?
Before you said that.
Anyway, yeah.
Son of a rick is still on here.
Mark it down.
We'll see how many days that's going to last.
I mean, more days.
I've heard him, man.
How many more hours can the handboard?
Oh, I know that.
And like I said, I lasted maybe four minutes at tops that one day.
Oh, geez.
I mean, rick, come on, sweetheart.
Get serious.
A work study job at Hooter's criticized in Geiten, Joja.
I told you, Joja and Kansas men need to be like cut out of the US map physically and discarded in the ocean.
A high school senior's choice for a work study job was a little bit too racey and nice that were superintendent.
Laura Williams, 17th of a job about a month ago, is hostess at a Hooter's restaurant, the national chain known for its scantily clad waitresses.
Oh, superintendent Michael Moore, no, not that one.
His ass Williams to quit saying the job is not appropriate for a work study program.
I have questions in my mind because of the advertising and sexual connotations he said.
But Larry Williams said he doesn't mind his daughter working at the restaurant.
In fact, Larry Williams said she might even meet short fat panty there.
Remember Larry Williams?
No.
Different one.
He planned to appeal to the school board argue that his daughter should be allowed to keep her job.
I went to Hooter's for an hour and six families came for supper during that time.
This is a chain restaurant with high standards.
What's wrong with you people?
Man in Geiten, Joja.
Shame on you.
Damn.
And it just shows she's cleaning the tables.
She's dressed just fine.
She's not walking around with like paces in the G-string, stuff like that yet.
What's wrong with these assholes?
Oh, it's bigger than that.
Here's Moore and Dowd's column.
Purity of the powels.
Washington is in the virtue business this week.
Center stage is a riveting father-son drama.
No, not that one.
At the FCC, Michael Powell is trying to save America's virtue while over at the State Department,
his father, Colin, is trying to save his own virtue.
They're both obsessing about something that should have been there but suddenly wasn't.
The Sunday-Man in Explanation for Janet Jackson's missing material,
while the father wrestled with the explanation for Sonom Hussein's missing material.
The son opened an inquiry into something everybody had already seen
as the father had offended his speech-making, the case for war based on something nobody has seen.
Who could have guessed that Sodom's WMD would be less scary than Miss Jackson's pierced metal sunburst,
a weapon of memory destruction, aimed at CBS chairman Les Moonves,
whereas John Stewart points out that a government so reluctant to investigate intelligence lapses
is so eager to investigate a breast-lapse.
As to the Washington Post interview on Monday, whether he would have recommended an invasion
if he'd known that Iraq had no weapons, the Secretary of State replied,
I don't know, adding that the absence of a stockpile changes the political calculus,
it changes the answer you get.
But the words that barely left his mouth before furious White House Aids' forced Mr. Powell to eat them,
just as Janet Jackson had a repent for revealing too much, so did the top diplomat.
Secretary Powell had to go out and clarify as remarks to reporters,
telling the war was justified even if weapons are never found.
Rami stuck to his or well-earned guns, telling Congress yesterday that just because we don't find the weapons doesn't mean they're not there,
or as postmodern professors say absence is presence.
At least Ms. Jackson, like David Kay, had the grace to say,
unfortunately the whole thing went wrong in the end.
Once more Colin Powell was up trying to square-being a good soldier with preserving
what's left of his reputation, his twin concerns,
wanting everyone to think he's a man of purity,
and not wanting to fight a battle he might lose,
have come into fatal conflict because of Iraq.
The younger Powell failed to appreciate the consequences of not curbing big media companies gathering up rivals.
Colin Powell failed to appreciate the consequences of not curbing big cheney,
Rami and Wolfe as they gobbled up foreign policy.
The Sunvout in 2001 that he would be patient with cultural excesses,
I don't want the government as my nanny, I still have never understood why something as simple as turning it off is not part of the answer he said back then.
But here he is, the biggest nanny in government since William Bennett,
starting a little culture war to improve his ratings.
The FCC-S-CBS for a super-wool halftime take to determine whether standards were violated,
what the FCC can't pop for a T-vo,
next the FCC will ask the CIA to provide satellite photography of the rogue Boost-D-A.
The Janet and Justin show was unbelievably taughtry, but also unbelievably banal.
Another rehearsed pseudo-shock that the media and other government gladly play along with.
Isn't it the power of social-approving and free society enough?
It's already out of control, Ms. Jackson lost your spot as a presenter out the Grammys,
and NBC's affiliates forced the network to take out a scene from last night's episode of ER
because of breast was exposed for a second and a half,
it was the breast of an 80-year-old woman dying of a heart attack, Sizzle-Sizzle.
Besides, it should all the indignation be about a wardrobe malfunction when there were all those Iki-E-ads,
financing our annual festivities of testosterone about erectile dysfunction.
One feather I know, trying to tell his curious 10-year-old son,
the ads were about, erectile dysfunction.
Michael Paul should stop interfering where he doesn't belong.
Colin Paul should start interfering where he does belong.
The secretary should get off the sidelines where the vice president and Pentagon banished him
and stop waiting for them to fail so we can be vindicated.
He should get more involved in rescuing Iraq from chaos.
The Hawks' Ward to make Iraq free and secure is slowly descending into anarchy and ethnic conflict.
That's indecent.
Right, so you always bring it, Marine Dow.
You go, girl, nice going.
I'll show you one more quick.
Okay.
I'll get the other one out of the way then we can have fun and games.
All right.
Go, that sound good?
This is Lenore Scasi in the New York Daily News.
She says the following column has been previewed and approved for all genital audiences.
Boops that I say genital, I meant general.
He was completely unscripted on porcine vocabulary malfunction.
Don't sick the FCC on me.
But now that we're talking about body parts, how about that Super Bowl?
Janet's peek a boob, maybe getting all the attention,
and how do you think other boob, her other boob feels,
but actually it was just one brief entry in the evening's gala salute to sexual humiliation.
Shaken shattered and shaved.
That's how CBS served up All-American manhood on Sunday.
And much of the credit must go to Budweiser,
which seems single-handedly to invented a new marketing strategy,
fire or beer and something terrible will happen to your who's it.
In one ad for example,
man number one has his dog fetch a Bud life,
then ask his friend, what can your dog do?
Whereupon man number two's dog chumps on demands number one privates,
causing him to relinquish his beer and presumably any hopes of having children.
Makes me scared to get anywhere near a bud,
and I don't even have a, you know what, Sizzlin'ore.
Working that emasculation magic for all its worth and other bud-ad features
Seabrick the entertainer, soldering into what looks like a massage parlor,
only to learn too late that he's in for a bikini wax,
oh, painful and girly, two points.
As for the Edward, the carriage horse pulling a romantic couple cuts more cheese than craft,
what can I say?
Sure, it reinforces the crucial pass and gas-top-a-bud connection,
but it delivered no real crippling sexual consequences.
How did CBS let it slip in?
Perhaps next year the horse can mistake part of the man for a carrot.
Luckily the end which a monkey puts the moves on a major babe
makes up for any dip in Bud's debiancy level by suggesting that a guy who loses girlfriend in the couch
may face serious competition for a primate,
message Drake Bud lose up to a monkey.
These ads were interspersed with about a million more for ED drugs,
not to be confused with LED-D drugs that make your penis light up,
one even more envious to call the doctor if their ration lasted more than four hours.
And then of course there was a half-time show which featured so much bumping and grabbing.
Most men were left wondering,
am I the only one without a four-hour erection?
It's enough to make you a guy grab a beer or a la vitra or nevermind.
Pretty good color by Laura Skennazzy in those days.
Isn't that cute?
Mm-hmm.
It was cute enough to make him grab.
Squirt, Squirt, something.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless LAN.
Starting to see a little bit of slacken off now.
I think they finally seen Janet's booby enough.
Still heavy-duty response on air,
but probably all six billion people on the planet have visited our website once and seen enough.
What I like most about NeoRodgers.com is we have 521 votes.
Added to the 284 we had in the first poll is what?
7, it's 805.
See?
We're gonna just comment down a little bit.
Both pictures and the story is 50, 50, 129.
Listen to this your online 122.
The poll 75, the naked picture is 64.
The news story is 63.
I hated its evil 23, the archive 17, the silly noises.
16, and the funny pictures 12.
12.
Everybody knows in a second life we all come back sooner or later.
As anything from the other part.
Absolutely.
I don't have a faggot that no further.
Come on.
Sorry.
J. Stewart would be out here.
Maddie Hall was the host.
Let's take a deal.
Yep.
Boy.
That's a hold up in the Bronx.
Brooklyn's broken out in white stairs.
A traffic jamming Harlem.
That's backed up to Jackson Heights.
There's this country.
It's all a child.
It's a hard to be boy.
There we go.
Yeah.
So, Papa.
All my two.
I'm actually a freaky carlos of the front.
That's the squeeze in it right now.
It's probably the Yankees on the Marines.
That's the one who's the most beautiful.
It's Kookie Kookie.
It's our Susan.
The show of the Susan.
It's our Kookie.
It's our Kookie.
It's our Susan.
It's our Kookie.
It's our Susan.
Another invention.
Horrible show.
Just absolutely the worst piece of direct.
Believe me, I know my soap operas, Mr.
Not trust you.
I'll stick with a little tiny bit of guiding light and passions.
That's where it's at.
The lovely Sheridan.
By the way, she's got another joke today.
She's getting the juice.
And one of these days Whitney's going to tell Eve something.
I want to think about that.
It was they just keep purposely dragging it out and dragging it out.
And just to aggravate and frustrate the audience, they love it.
It's like an SNM thing and the audience is on the inside.
We're all masochists.
And how about that Luis and Miguel?
12 minutes passed one at 560 WQM.
Hey, if you've got a job that really isn't paying you a squat.
If your paycheck is so puny and tiny, it looks like Todd Grex penis.
Here's the answer for you.
It gets yourself a real career and a big fat one that goes along with it.
George likes a big fat one.
In fact, he's probably puffing on one right now.
Call Fast Train toll-free and change your life.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Where I'm hearing is that Todd Grex has got like, you know, pigs have like those
corkscrew penises.
Yeah, he opens up the line bottles with it.
Call Fast Train at 1-866 Fast Train to start that new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
Fast Train can help you out and get you a new high-paying computer career
and changing your life for the better forever.
And the demand for computer professionals is still growing.
So pick up that phone and call them 2-day at 1-866 Fast Train.
7 Fast Train locations all around town.
So there's bound to be a campus close by you.
And actually do have a campus unlike you in.
Fast Train offers job placement, financial assistance for those who qualify.
With day, night, and weekend classes, there's no excuse to say in a crappy meaningless that end job no more.
And if you register now, you can have that new high-paying career in just four short months by June no less.
So call Fast Train and now you can have a big impressive paycheck that will stretch a long way.
Call 1-866 Fast Train or check them out on that wicked web at fasttrain.com.
Find their local business is 5-6 years.
Get ready for all your family.
See you in.
I don't believe it. Look at that girl.
She's a big name beauty who's appeared in movies and you've seen her in the picture show.
Yeah, I saw Ghost Bruce Willis, is her hubby and she's got a little baby that she brings to the studio.
She makes all kind of do the proud.
As a close, not the close. She doesn't wear.
All the clothes that are painted on the girl who's naked on the cover of the vanity fair.
vanity fair.
There'll be more here's naked on the cover.
fair.
That's me who want to color her.
Bays and trails are crazy and dead on the cover of the vanity fair.
It's a very very good think job.
I think I'll take a part.
I got a great big passion for her skin type fashion because she's gone out all the way home.
She got a body by her Williams and they even did the trim.
She got a pinstripe, put some metal pebbles, no with them
And she's looking so dead on there
Why so beautiful, why don't you wait and see nothing like the extra bunnies
On the cover of the vanity fair
I have a vanity fair
I think I'll become a fan
I think I'll become a fan
I think I'll become a fan
I think I'll become a fan
I think I'll become a fan
I think I'll become a fan
I think I'll become a fan
I think I'll become a fan
I think I'll become a fan
I think I'll become a fan
Oh hey, everybody doing a better job
Because, come on my dear
I and last one
So beautiful smile
I mean, she ain't even pregnant this time
More 18 and 560 WDQ him
So eric did you discuss the
min after the school where there's money,
and she's making it from those vanner-rants
It's been discussed before
Yes
Well, I think I'd be more than happy to replace that so we can have the website be the way we want it to be
Okay, you see what I'm saying. I see what you say it because it's basically a losing proposition
Thank Bill Bixby still dead by the way all I feel bestie
Unfortunately decided to die. How about Ray Wallston this Easter? He died to me. He died for it. Oh
I don't know. He's another soap opera. Well, kind of like that soap opera
Peyton place remember Sandy Peyton's place
I hate this show and you like it
Yeah, partly you don't really like that. Yeah, I do you just say that to aggravate me
You have to be able to answer a few of the questions to likes
Ah
The answer is it sucks
Look at this big I don't know what it is
Is this Marie Carpney
I think that was really the four-runner of passions if you ask me
How good zero
Yeah
Gentle Ben don't remember gentle Ben no
I don't either no I don't what's gentle bit like an animal was that there was a like a big part right bearer
And gentlemen was a bear. Oh speaking of being bear or thermometer. This is the theme from the first year about hemorrhoids
I
Don't waste pile
I can't stand it and he just leave me with what are you?
That's a rock Hudson you say to that neighbor's leave me with
About an hour
I was on 50 minutes. Oh
Oh
Yeah, or is it oh there's
Nobody's been noticed Skippy the bush kangaroo
Maybe that's why they call it Skippy
You dutyantly yeah control
Oh
Who is that like Judy Collins or one of them folk types?
Who nothing
Oh
Look at I don't know. Oh, no, tell me that's the last I think that's where this one dies. Oh
Yeah, I don't know
12 o'clock
Hi, hi
How you doing?
Hi, how are you?
So I was right. That's where the other one the only good news is though don't don't have any up here. What did the guy want to hear?
Maverick
That's what wanted came finding you. Oh my god. I bet your life on it. I got it
Oh
They finished
All right and
That's your favorite one
Oh
Now the best part is I'm lost you're right me
I've actually grabbed it
Boy just at the bottom of the seat
See what see hunt see this
I'm
Puddle with the marginal James Daran
Now what do you do the same boys one? Oh there it is
We go to sleep
Not with poisonous different movie for one
I think that was my favorite line from that movie, your play.
I think a bad day to put sniffing glue.
That was it.
Oh!
Oh!
Every day to you.
And so, make the ring so, just add a water to the family.
From the time I've ever brought to the fair of his love story.
You're not going to believe this.
Remember that fact somebody had earlier about Dr. Tari?
What I call it?
Dr.
There it is, Dr. Tari.
Dr. Tari!
Better take a quick call or two here.
They're going to start getting psychotic.
Here's line 9, QAM.
QAM.
Oh, and look at that!
Oh no!
Oh, man!
It said we're not connected to how can that be?
No, we're not!
Oh, George, he's...
Oh, no!
One more place.
There's no dots, George.
Let me try it again.
Oh, we got internet.
Well, then the dots will come back.
Maybe it just took a long rest there.
But in the meantime...
What?
What?
I just said my wife.
No, not my wife.
No, not my wife.
No, not my wife.
No, not my wife.
What the good news is they just came back.
WQ, why am I?
Hi, Neil. How are you today?
Okay, sir.
I just love what you're doing this afternoon.
This is great.
And this relates to it a little bit.
That I have a major obsession with Kitty Carlyle and Beth Myerson.
If you remember those...
Sure, Kitty Carlyle was on the evening in different panels.
There was including what's My Line and to tell the truth.
And Beth Myerson was on the big payoff.
And have a great day.
I don't know what happened to him.
When I said the big payoff, I think he got...
Scorched score.
Don't big payoff.
Randy Merriman and Beth Myerson, right?
Right.
You don't remember that these are your boy and me.
I agree with every long before you even born, before you even an idea.
27 after 15, 60 WQMF, you got an idea of buying a new car or truck
while doing something smart and saving yourself a lot of cash by visiting.
Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
They're on US1, just 20s, easy minutes out of the 836.
And Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth a drive to matter where you live
to save yourself a whole potload of cash on a great new Toyota.
Check out these unbeatable prices.
They got an O4 Corolla waiting for you loaded, including air, that you own for just 12, 990.
An O4 Camry with air automatic and lots more, just 16, 990.
You need to truck how about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in the country, from just 14, 990.
And when you buy your new vehicle, Armstrong's Toyota Homestead.
You get a free sun pass.
These were the first guys in area to offer your free batteries and tires for life.
General manager David Fatbridge and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference.
They're locally owned and operated.
They're committed to making you happy with 100% customer satisfaction.
Service department has even opened late week nights to late to make sure that your service work is done and done right.
They're easy to get to US1 and 2.93rd Street in Homestead just 20, easy minutes out of the 836.
So if you're up to your ears, if you're fed up with those mega dealers who over-promise and always seem to under-delivered and called David Rich,
the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead 305-242-247-305-242-247 for Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
Drive a little bit and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota.
We're sports radio 516-UAM.
Know that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
Jesus Christ for extra strength, Dex Eddren.
When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is headache.
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world's sins weighing on your shoulders and some f***ing gladiator sticks a spear in your thigh.
Yeah!
Jesus Christ that hurts.
So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head, that's when I reach for Dex Eddren.
Well, I don't reach for it.
Hey! Anybody got any Dex Eddren?
Hey, Judas! Could you throw a couple into my mouth?
Come on! I'm the savior for Christ's sake!
Extra strength, Dex Eddren.
Because the headache is a heavy cross to bear.
132 at 5.62, and the reason I play that is this fact from Alex and Miami,
who says just another example of censorship and volstment that we have to endure from all these religious freaks and goy-im living in the rural USA.
Mel Gibson's reportedly decided to delete a controversial scene in which the Jewish high priest calls down a kind of curse on the Jewish people.
Oy! From his film The Passion of Christ, due to the precious place on him from the various religious groups supposed to the movie, can anybody say communism?
Can anybody say just don't go see it? If you don't like it?
Thanks, Neil. I love your show too. You've really shaped my views on things and my thing too.
I'm shaping Alex's thing. Well, that's good.
Maybe pretty soon it'll look like a real one, Alex. Just keep working on it.
5.670560. Oh look at this. Here's some good news. From Jojo. Finally got some good news from Jojo.
Maybe someday they might even have a segregation there, but not too soon.
Don't get crazy.
Cots will recommend evolution, stay in curriculum. See Don Cox went to that party heaven.
Did he?
Party.
Yeah.
I can't believe. I mean, I can because he had his problems, but it's just hard to believe that Don Cox died.
Yeah, that was an ordinary.
Not expected.
What do you mean not expected?
You know what somebody's like old like 60.
Oh, just wait, just wait, Mr.
State School Superintendent Kathy Cox announced today she will recommend that the word evolution be retained and Georgia's proposed curriculum for middle of high school students, science students or whatever be retained.
I made the decision to remove the word evolution from the draft of the proposed biology curriculum in an effort to avoid controversy,
but that would prevent people from reading these substance of the document itself. Cox said,
the statement instead of greater controversy ensued.
Cots had proposed the phrase biological changes over time, the term that scientists has written as meaningless be used instead.
I'm here to tell you that I misjudged the situation. I wanted to apologize for that.
A lot of people are apologizing.
I watched it.
I know today that I'll recommend the teacher teams that the word evolution be put back in the curriculum to which we say,
thank God, okay, for evolution, although it's working very slowly in Georgia.
Maybe that's why she wants to be anchored out.
What time is it?
Here we are.
This will not be unheard of.
Oh, you can't say, dude, that may soot feel like a hoody.
I don't say it.
And boys and girls at home and kids in a gallery, let's go!
What was how to go to bed out there?
We're starting to sound like Mr. Bluster now.
Oh, that was good.
He was a swing and guy.
Swing and cat and the juggle man.
I'll take your work for it.
Carzing.
Oh, carzing.
What?
That was it.
The movie?
Oh.
That's what it's like.
We had a car's anchor.
Was that the moment when we ran illegally into something like that?
I'm an Elon Musk.
Oh, this is the air's out first.
Well, the best I can do for right now.
Sure I got this.
Robin Hood?
Yeah, can we say, can we say, Friar, Tuck, can we say that on board?
Or we got the new version called Robin Into Hood.
Yeah.
I had a good dunkton.
Yeah.
You know, I hear a theme song shows that makes me think of Loots and Two Egg and Panther.
Come down, Hollywood.
Robin.
Welcome.
Even Mr. Ripolo is there ain't nothing worse than a raw high.
I'm not a raw high.
Why get that finger moving fast to what?
I'm not a raw high.
You lift the man named Master Sun.
You wore a cane and derby heart.
They called him bad.
Bad Master Sun.
I don't bet.
Hello.
I'm Mr. Rayard.
A horse is a horse of course, of course.
And no one can talk to a horse of course.
That is the horse of course.
How old is his name, Alan?
What?
Funt?
Hold on.
Alan.
I don't know.
He's almost red.
Look at Rinaldo.
Joan Davis.
Alan.
I'm not a jack of the street and waste your time a day.
But Mr. Ripolo.
Come on, Brian.
We'll never speak unless he has something to say.
A horse is a horse of course, of course.
We're in all of our strangers there.
Alan, you're ex-Lun.
Brian is a trail to Bruno's where Muckis is compounded.
And when is this game?
Smooth as a handle all it comes.
Now Rick is the man.
I'm thinking this one might be the theme for Carri's campaign.
Never see John Kerry and Herman Munster together.
No.
Same for sure.
This is the great facts that you just said.
Play one for me, Neil.
How about the theme from the TV series Come Back?
Thanks George W. Bush.
All right.
Yeah.
He likes that combat as long as somebody else is doing a combatant.
If he catch my drift.
Sounds like wagon train.
Who's that on the bat line?
Hello.
Till Mr. Bokeh Brian he's absolutely wrong.
It was Alan Rocky Lane.
The voice of Mr. Rip.
No, but the guy who played the character, not the voice of Mr. Rip.
Oh, I thought you were looking at the...
Oh.
Okay, you are.
Okay, I got the...
You feel like duty.
Howdy, duty.
That was a great show.
If by the way, remember, I just be blessed for it.
I had a brother.
Do you remember what his name was?
No.
Me neither.
I remember Buello the Witch.
Oh, sure.
Hey, you know, you were...
Sunday, I bought a nine-volume set of Cookele, Fran and Ollie.
All right.
Oh, right.
And I got my matching Howdy duty set in the other room.
I'll swap you one day.
All right.
All right.
See you, son.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
What a great guy.
Such a clothing man.
A tremendous guy, which of course is why he's sitting there listening to the radio now.
And I'm working on it.
It's very sad.
Very sad.
People with no talent whatsoever, they got a job and said to sit in there, letting his wife do all the work.
Well, that's not a bad idea.
Hey, wish I could do that.
Alan Young was the...
was the guy on Mr. Red.
And of course, Alan Alder was the horse's ass.
Twenty-till-twenty-till-two.
Well, Alan Alder was on MASH and you like that show.
And just about everybody else does, or they pretend they didn't.
I didn't like MASH.
I'm sorry.
I like that early on.
Of course, I watched it like in the third-run syndication.
I kind of like home-frized better myself.
Unless it's not a gravy.
Twenty-till-two at 560 WDQM.
Guys, Valentine's Day is right around the corner.
Hope you're not thinking about giving the same old, tired flowers.
Good, Gully.
Unless you're planning on getting the same old, whatever it is she gives you.
As it nothing.
Here are three words that you need to remember.
Vermont Teddy Bear.
You send her a bear gram and work.
The lover boy bear.
The love bandit bear.
Or the new All-Star Valentine dress like a sports fan.
When it arrives, she'll be completely surprised.
And all of her coworkers will think you're the greatest guy
for setting such an original plopful and neat gift.
Then maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping for.
Just call 1-800-829 Bear.
And the friendly bear council will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine.
Delivered with a free chocolate and their famous gift box.
It only takes five minutes to order an overnight delivery to home or office is guaranteed.
You give her a nice box and she might give you one too.
Call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at Vermont Teddy Bear.com.
Send your Valentine a creative alternative to flowers which are
didn't just a matter of hours.
And the bear of course lives on.
Call 1-800-829-BEAR.
1-800-829 Bear.
And tell them that cranky old Neil told you to call.
This is sportswear you'll buy six years.
You way up.
Got Neil.
He's back in jail, racinging his classic hits for his latest release.
It's Len Campbell, live from the Barricot Bitoos.
Amin' old drunk cowboy.
When I can't see the lines I start weaving all over the road.
I find my penis.
I'll be sober.
I am the choose.
I have a cellmate.
His name's Gerald.
I have a skull on the diver's skull.
I'll put the best piece of the wind.
My green underwear is now low in.
I'm doing time in Maricopa County.
I'm mixing blues with legs of chrome.
I'm on the big show.
I'm just a wash of cranky old asshole.
Len Campbell.
I'm on a douse and would lie to fluid.
It said his ass so far.
That's just how much I hate Nick Fandai.
Raccoon has Len Campbell.
Three scenes is all time greatest hits.
Live from the Maricopa Toots.
Available wherever you see registered.
145 at 560 W.K. Maddawr coming up at 2.
I'm going to say hit the jackpot.
Who is it all dark strangers there?
Maverick is the name.
Ride of a treasure.
Okay.
He has wear a bucket system.
Paid.
And when this is game.
Smooth as a handle of all of guns.
Maverick is the name.
Wild as a wind in all of guns.
Bulls is not for candy.
And you remember the one that wouldn't plan the other.
I'm not going to say it all dark strangers.
I'm not going to say it all dark strangers.
I'm not going to say it all dark strangers.
I'm not going to say it all dark strangers.
And you remember the one that wouldn't plan the other disc?
Yeah.
The Virginia.
Right?
Well see what you got about.
Pulled much of these.
Got third man.
Sooner or later you'll find it.
This is what started this whole sentence today with this.
With Doug McClure.
B. West Virginia.
Now I got to confess I like Doug McClure.
He was just a fine young man.
But I have the show that really just had me standing on top of the counter.
No.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I really have to ask Fred McMurray.
I mean, I don't really.
I'll tell Charlie to do it for me.
I'll say that.
Squirt, Squirt.
And Don Grady was banging Ferris Fossick.
So they said.
We have a pit about this.
What do we do?
My three illegitimate sons.
I don't know what a Don Grady is.
Well, I may be coming up after the next break you never know.
I don't even know what this show is.
You?
You can barely hear it.
So, rebel?
Well, it's, uh, it'll get there.
Johnny, you must.
Was it?
Not like Johnny Cash to me.
You go.
You go where.
I think Johnny, you must.
I don't know what he's saying.
Johnny, you must.
The Reddle.
I'll figure it out on this picture.
Oh, talk about it.
Saccharine.
It's the Donnery Show.
Star and Greg.
And Mo.
A Jew.
And Boo.
And a cash of unnecessary.
Where is this?
Do you hear anything?
I heard a little bit.
And that was it.
Ooh!
You're just gonna.
Oh!
Now the interesting part of it is a lot of these shows the theme was much much better than the show everyone.
Not this one though.
Yeah, you said they stint plastic black belts, you know, just like Wally.
Oh, that's right for the baby.
Should have stayed there.
Okay, okay, let's get it off.
Oh, what is this?
I remember the show.
Get your pics on.
Those pics were fake.
I never tell you about Jean or.
No, Jean or who?
That was the magazine.
In fact, next time since you are in the tenter building, next time Tanners are going to ask him about Daniel.
I think they took the tenter building.
They'll try to do some tail hole.
Sorry.
Oh, don't tell me this isn't gonna go past it.
Now this is interesting.
Maybe it's my players here.
Why does it say error?
Because this is bought right from the goddamn stores.
There's something going on here that I don't know about.
I don't know.
Maybe it's a whole wow.
Huh?
Maybe it's a connocting.
I think it's a communist plot if he asked me.
Anyway, 5.6705.60.
You might have taken a harder two before we're done, but I doubt it.
Now did Eric ever like it back to you?
And your little message board there on your Ouija board?
No, I think he missed it.
I'll talk to him after the show.
Well, you can family with him and see how.
Get a price.
Let's start taking care of Eric and you can pay.
I mean, I can pay him a.
Josh can pay him.
Josh can pay him a reasonable amount every month.
And get that banner-rag crap off of there.
We don't need that and we don't need all those restrictions.
We want to have like a wild and fun and crazy and great website.
Not what it's- I mean, I read that.
Those restrictions, man.
It's enough to make me want a gag.
Sounds like something came from Michael's Powell's bowler.
Why?
In local career sports radio 5.60.
You ain't.
You AM.
Were you crushed back in?
And now it's time for Leibit to Azi.
Starring Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver.
Hugh Beaumont as Ward Cleaver.
And the irrepressible Azi-oz-born as the Oz.
Oh, good morning, Oz.
Oh, f*** you, mom.
Oh dear.
I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the band.
Oh, come on, buddy.
I can't believe it.
I must be a headhurt.
What the f*** is Sharon?
Sharon!
Who's Sharon?
Is that one of your friends from school, dear?
Good morning, Oz.
What the f*** is that?
Get out of my fight.
Oh, Oz, that's no way to talk to your father.
Say, son, what have you got planned for today?
We may whatever I got planned for today.
What?
I don't know.
It's just one of the Prince of Darkness after he had that f***ing chin right.
I'm going to go fight the headhurt of the boss at any hospital.
I was like, oh, you have fun now.
Okay, Oz, hey.
Yeah, sure.
What the f*** is that?
We hope you enjoyed this episode of Leigh the Toazzi.
tune in next week when you hear Ozzi say f***ing rave.
F***ing f***ing.
156 and 560.
But Michael Pollink is going to be too happy about that show.
I'm guaranteeing that right now.
Anyway, horrible story.
Girl Rape did a lot of Hill School by 2-4th graders.
Beow says, Tuesday, we had a kid, the 14-year-old kid killed by another 14-year-old boy stabbed him in the neck.
Cut his throat.
Now, 2-4th grade boys were suspended from school after a classmate said she was raped in a bathroom
at Royal Palm Elementary in Lauderdale, yesterday.
The 10-year-old victim was taken to a sexual assault center after the attack was reported.
Deputy said they received back positive indications she was raped.
The two boys ages 11 and 12 have turned over to juvenile authorities.
Each was charged with sexual battery of a child and looted in the civilized exhibition.
The assaults were reported to police after a girl told a friend or told a teacher who reported to authorities.
Both boys confessed.
Brother Rape.
Yeah.
Sure, I'm over to private property.
You'll take care of him.
You'll kick their ass, man.
Oh, welcome.
Let me back.
Whenever the law of any state are broken, a newly authorized organization swings into action.
It may be called the state police, state troopers, militia, the rangers, or the highway patrol.
These are the stories of the men whose training, skill and courage have enforced and preserved our state law.
Oh, Rape.
What's wrong with that?
Oh, we already did that yesterday.
That's right.
Dean is the pinnacle.
Yo, what are you waiting for?
What can I do?
Yeah, what could this be?
She said she wants to smoke a big fan.
She said she wants to smoke a big fan.
She said she wants to smoke a big fan.
Got it?
No.
The end of squad.
Good.
Oh, how did he show it?
Come on.
How are we at night?
Yeah.
The bar was a stack.
Ah!
Dick Van Dort.
He sure put the dick in Dick Van Dyke out there to that.
I had a good line for that, but Michael Powell might be listening.
Anyway, this was not too bad.
How in the hell we got started with Doug McClure in the Virgin, right?
I got a bug up on my side of the steam.
I was driving the show and the people time forgot was on.
Oh, that's right.
See how it all, like a big giant now, we don't have time to do anything else.
That's the time for Goddard.
Yeah.
That's right.
Well, that's really good news.
Good news for us and the bad news for you if you don't make that deal with the...
if Santina don't make that deal with the old man.
Anyway, here's the important result.
What I like most about NeoRongers.com, our fabulous website, 659 votes.
So let's see, 659 and 284 is what?
980 something.
43.
Not too bad.
Not a thousand, but we can't do that every day.
Because finally everybody's seen that booby enough.
They got the booby prize and now it's starting to sag a little bit.
Both the pictures and the stories, 5,000, 5,000, 178.
Listening to the show online, 148.
Thank God for them.
The polls, 91, make it pictures, 85, but we want to see it again.
News story, 75.
I hated its evil 28, the archives, 20, the silly noises, 19, and of course, them funny pictures, 15.
Mad dogs, you manage coming along next.
I'm sure going to be talking to you about that unbelievable panther overtime win over a
Phoenix 5, 4 last night.
Bye, bye, bye.
The Roger Show, I'm Tyson.
I'm QAn.
I am for Leonardo.
Big gigantic dark ass.
Rackers.
Oh!
