She's why we're easily here now!
Looks like the place of roasts died!
Smash from the body roll balls!
Bobber Bush has body fell!
And I stole the rice not now!
It happened when she realized!
She raised more grandma and a clown!
Bobber Bush has body fell!
It seems this me!
Old and crafty!
And she raised more grandma and a clown!
She's a troublemaker!
And she's a great soul and a wide of dead people!
What's so boy?
What's like he's carrying an apple
all between her thighs and her body fell!
And I stole the ball between her thighs and her body fell!
She doesn't mean just for!
And if she's always the right!
She doesn't mean just for!
Bobber Bush has body fell!
And I stole the ball between her thighs and her body fell!
She's pushed my child!
She's made a little bobby bush!
He'll be reaching back!
And smells like the magic sauce!
I'm a big cat!
Bobber Bush re-devil dinosaur!
I'm a bad baby!
Body fell!
I'm a bad baby!
Nobody mentioned you!
Did you ever see Ernest Borgnan and Barbara Bush together?
Same person!
That's beautiful!
I might just play that all day today!
We see where Geldy went!
He's got any singing career!
Now that we got all the sex or 10 today,
we have a quarter hour more than we had on Tuesday!
Although not quite as much time as you had yesterday
because you were paying a penance now!
You're paying your penance now!
So that's the way it goes!
They finished up at 10.56 this morning on the Stern Show
which is really very magnanimous of them!
Giving us this extra, let's see,
4.19 minutes more than we had on Tuesday!
Should we play an idea or something?
WDQM line before Lauderdale?
I can play that spiffy new legal idea to make Clarence happy!
By the way, Clarence, I would take a look again at that
schedule you have on the where it says the Howard David Show.
How is your show?
The rocker's in the world!
Rocker's in the world!
It's Miami Fort Worthy!
Okay, now they're going and we're just the idea!
I was panicking that George might play a spot or something!
Huh? Don't worry!
How do I know?
We don't know what's going on!
We're just flying by the seat of our ass!
So speaking of that, well we got, and also Gary, I'm glad you came back to your census!
Whoever, Gary, the factors, I guess you know them, right?
I know of him, he's one of our sponsors, or at least they are over there.
Oh, is that really well?
Like I said, we love Gary and his people a lot.
Whoever just tell his people to talk to our people.
But a little confusion there because we can't stream the Stern Show.
I certainly hope Robert Greaver has pressed that button in the control room
before he goes home, before he goes to one of his triple K meetings.
I got Eric on the case now.
If he doesn't hear streaming, when I tell him that the show starts then, he tells me and I tell them.
Tell him to call him off, or he tells you?
I have no evidence.
I tell him I have some inside business to take care of.
Correct him!
So he tells you and you pass over right along.
Get that streaming going.
The moment that the Stern goes by-by.
Because we can't stream the Stern Show because it's much too important for that.
And God forbid that people should actually be able to go online in here.
Which I still don't understand that.
I don't understand why Phil charges people to get on his website.
Are you sure?
Doesn't he?
Yeah, he does.
I mean that's why he's got so few hits on there.
If you look at the stats on his website, it's like anemic.
Even though he's on the 80s and 80s stations.
And that's because who in their right mind wants to pay for some crappy website, or even a good website?
I wouldn't- there is no website of any kind.
I don't care what's on there.
Well, I can think of a few things.
But sure to that, I can't imagine anything that you pay in the non-sexual nature, right?
That you would pay for to a C to read, to have access to on the internet.
I can't even imagine.
Dead celebrity, although you probably don't even know who it is.
Elmer Bernstein?
Who's that?
Oi!
The versatile Oscar-winning composer who scored such movie classics as the Ten Commandments,
the Magnificent Seven, to kill a mockingbird, the greatest scape, and true grit rhymes with Schmidt.
A while back.
But yesterday he was 82.
What?
Elmer.
Elmer Bernstein.
Bernstein died in his sleep at his home, said publicist Kathy Mouton.
She said Bernstein had been in family health for some time.
He was nominated for the Academy Award 14 times, most recently in 2002 for Far From Heaven.
You see that?
No.
No.
Obviously enough, his only Oscar win was for the 1967 Come Thirley Modern Millie,
which was one of his weaker works, so it's here.
Among his more notable efforts were the scores for some came running.
Birdman of Alcatraz, the greatest scape, Hawaii, the great Santini,
with Robert Duval, maybe the best actor of all time, cast a giant shadow, my left foot,
a river runs through it, a river runs through it.
We like that movie a lot.
Sure.
Devil and a blue dress, and Gaines and E. Orchid also can vote several works for some of the E. Orchid's.
His daddy was 82 and was sick for a long time now.
We better hurry it up because we got two polls today, and only what turns out to be a three-hour show today.
Plus we got to play the Marlon Game for the last night.
Sorry you talked about that.
Like we were discussing before the show today, only somebody with a big,
only some top-est blowhard with a big ego would think that any person in his right mind
would be upset about working less and getting paid the same.
I'm less of a...
And actually, guaranteed the bonuses now for the rest of the contract.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
I mean, there's no question about that, because say what you're thinking about the steering show,
and we will say a lot today, but I mean, there's no question the ratings are going to be spectacular.
Even with all the choppiness and the bleeps and all the other things, it doesn't make any difference.
Anybody who listens to a 13-minute commercial break,
don't listen to 8 million dumps because they just got to get their fix, man.
Right?
Yeah, apparently.
So here's George's poll from yesterday, and I'm proud to say I told George this is the truth.
Nobody will believe this.
Other than 60 minutes, there's not one TV show on here that I watch, ever.
I believe it.
Well, you're out of the other than Monday and Edge Football, if the Patriots are playing, otherwise I'll never watch it.
What is the best current TV program today?
Chappelle show, 151. I have no idea who that is.
It's pretty bad.
Okay.
Huh?
It's a 3-in-day program.
I know that, but I mean, I just don't...
If I walked in here right now, I'd say, who the hell are you?
Rips 150, 1-1, he wins hands down.
The Simpsons are at 17, because they are...
FAMING!
South Park 109, the daily show 99, 60 minutes 90, that's the only one I watch.
And that's only if I happen to be home.
Kirby or enthusiasm 89, the shield 89, which George says I wouldn't draw about, I can't get FX here.
24, 76, 76, 24.
CSI 65, now is that CSI Miami?
CSI, the Rindy Uranus?
Huh?
CSI Miami didn't even make it on the pole for several years.
Well, good.
Nippin' Tuck 62, I read about that one.
Yeah, it's got some sounds discussing in protest.
Yeah, it is.
Monday night football 61, lawn odor 60, 60 feet under 50, show about mom.
The West Wing 45, Penn and Teller 44.
Bullshmit, that's the name of the show?
Yes.
Oh.
American Child, aren't they good buddies with Alex Bennett, weren't they?
I guess they were, yeah.
Yeah, I never listened to that show.
American Chopper 41, the family guy 37, Ali G Show 35, what's that?
Fake rapper interview show.
I see.
Sports Editor 31, Star Trek Enterprise 27, part of the Interruption 27, the Howard Stern Show on E22,
Rescue Me 20 with Aretha Franklin, Reno 9, 11, 18, Covey NTA 14, Forensic Files 14,
Mad TV, a dozen months to Garage 12, Extreme Elevination 11, or I've had that.
Entourage 11, Blue Collar TV 6, Laura in America 4, oh no, Spaghetti and Glace IE.
No.
Free for all, got a period, I said, I'll fit 151 votes on George's fine pole yesterday.
We're going to do two polls today, here's the first one.
Now this is kind of the pole you were doing the day that they came in, because they picked on you
because you're small, but they didn't have a very weak contract.
They don't dare mess with me, just like I told the clearance this morning, FU sweetheart, get lost.
Who would you, and I'll say it again, I looked at that QAM website and I'm a little bit disturbed.
They did finally straighten out the schedule to some degree, but between 4 and 7 it says,
the Howard David Show, it is not the Howard David Show, okay?
Make no mistake about it, you know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Good, it's the Hank Goldberg suspended non-pacation show with Howard David, it's building in hopefully temporarily.
But anyway, here's our first poll question of the day.
Oh, before we do that, the A-B-D curtain today, I better do the poll question, because we'll only do this till about 12-1.
About 30, man.
About 30, and then we'll do the other poll.
Who would you most like to hear an afternoon drive between 4 and 7 in the PM on QAM?
Here's your choices.
Now you did a similar poll, but that was about basically who should be doing the show with Mo,
if he wants to be getting the show, right? God forbid, I think God forbid was what one.
Right.
Hank Goldberg, since it is his show, if you catch my grip,
Mo Howard David, Jeff DeFloris, Steve Geldig-Geldstein, Rick and Suds,
the big crow, or I wouldn't listen regardless.
In other words, people who just have other places or things, they just don't listen to the rest of the show,
or just wouldn't listen to the afternoon of those hours, for whatever reason.
Now what is this fact you just sent?
More fodder for the anti-religion shows the lunacy has no end.
In order to be saved, you must die a horrific death at a young age,
and it says, un-daleable.
And then the YL Goldstein, there already no one about the YL Goldstein,
so we don't care about that.
Too bad, Al, some fortunate.
He's living in a homeless shelter, part of the time.
And he got married again for the 85th time.
I don't know what that's all about.
Now what is this?
Is this something that we're supposed to do, because you only sent me to first page anyway?
No, it's just a thing.
I don't know big deal.
Oh, okay.
Well, religious, see, that's one thing I'm going to tell you over and over again.
The religious not scared the dangers from us, just like those lunatics in Iran,
and now that Bush stirred up, didn't you talk about stirring the hornets nest?
I heard somebody say that.
That was your expression, eight million times I heard that, or at least.
Fuck, dirty man!
During the hornets nest, that's what we did with all of them, crazy laundry heads over there.
And now the Iranians say, well, guess what?
If you mess with our nuclear reactor, we're going to have a preemptive strike against this real,
how do you like that?
If those Zim Jew bastards tried to do again what they did a few years ago.
Right, and of course they've got nuke, so it'll be lots of them.
Right, that's right.
Man, oh man, talk about a lunatic.
And the fact, look at this Ohio, carry 52, bush 42%, undecided 6%, but again,
that's registered voters.
If you look at the likely voters, carries out an Ohio by 3%, which ain't enough.
Which means they're going to act to import tons and tons of dark folks to Ohio on a lesson day.
We better get that vote out.
I'm going to tell you that right now, including Josh Cordis, did you make that call?
No.
No.
Well, he still has his voter registration card, right?
Some guy who met on the street quarterback there by Chuck Subs Center,
out there in Ivesdarian 441, give him a pamphlet, a brochure one day.
Oh, I think soony.
Yeah, he probably thinks he's registered to vote and all they're going to do is come and, you know,
stare inside your windows at home.
Yeah, they got my info.
So they're lurking.
Jamie Pressley is behind the beating curtain that they're speaking of lurking and jerking and working.
July 30th, 1977, she was born and makes her 27.
Born in Kingston, North Carolina.
And you do where that is since North Carolina is your neck of the woods?
They're about down the road.
I like these three-hour shows, man, or less.
So that's a like.
No, I'm not going to wait.
Oh, wait, no, we're upset about it.
That's what I'm supposed to say.
Oh, no, we're not.
We're not going to lie just to make some crusty old fart.
That's the old fart.
You silly old cout.
God has seen idiot.
Oh, I know what's really going on.
See, the problem with you, Mo, is you don't really know what's going on with a whole human race.
You're so out of touch.
Anybody that would have dead as Miller is a guest on their show.
What does that tell you?
Have an I always told you, it's a cluster fork that holds sports fraternity there.
They're all in bed together and they're all like eating out of the same trough.
It's really, it's an insatiable thing.
Anyway, Jamie Pressley is behind the beating curtain if you're over the age of 100 and have several pieces of ID.
John Ascroff has got those BDI stair and ashes so keep your hands above the counter when you're looking.
And you must be over the age of 110.
Let's see, cool world.
That's what he's filming right now.
Death to the supermodels, evil cannibal made for TV.
The karate dog.
Oh, that's one of my favorites.
Torrick, footprints, the Johnny Chronicles, demon island, not another teen movie.
Ticker, Joe Dirt, Tom Katz, 100 girls, MTV Rock and Jack Bowling.
Poor white trash.
Huh, best actress.
It was the name of the movie Jack and Joe.
Just a whole, whole bunch of crap.
Also produced Death to the supermodels this year.
She was the producer.
It's how you like that.
And let's see, her self-filmography.
What was the other stuff I read?
The actress, I don't get it.
Inked, Spike TV, VGA Video Game Awards.
Totally gay.
MTV Bash with a hated Carson Daily.
Boy, do I still reply to him?
I can't.
I never see him anymore because I don't watch MTV.
Although we do get it here.
But I can't stand him.
Gay.
What does that mean?
You're saying this gay?
I didn't say to it.
Oh.
Let me see.
Let's get this other pole going right away.
The first one.
Because the second one we're just going to do our presidential pole.
Who would you like to hear?
Four to seven.
The afternoon on the Hank Goldberg show.
I mean, four to seven.
Very interesting results.
Hank Goldberg, 19.
Rick and Suds, 18.
So far, we did the first in the first peak.
I wouldn't listen regardless, seven.
Jeff DeFloris, seven.
The Crow has got a pair.
Mohar Davids only got two.
Don't, don't, don't.
He only got two on the first 56 votes.
That's pretty weak, Moh.
The big has got one.
And Gelly has got the big.
How freaking embarrassing you.
Little through a few.
Now, let me say this also to keep the hockey fans posted all ten of them.
It looks very unlikely that there's going to be any hockey season.
In fact, I wouldn't even think of partial season the way things are going.
They talk, like, at an impasse.
And the, you know, the league wants the salary cap and the players union and the players,
the self-agreedy players.
Oh, we don't want no salary cap.
And as a result, they reach the, they're at the fork in the road.
And I think they're going to fork all the fans because there ain't going to be no season.
So what they're going to do is they're going to take this bogus world hockey tournament that's coming up.
And they'll glam onto all the money from that and split it up very happily.
And they'll say, well, now we're going to go our separate ways.
And we hate each other and we got a bunch of money stashed away so we can survive.
And screw the fans again.
So the reason I mention it is because Gildi is supposed to be the voice of the Panthers, right?
Yeah.
Because we don't have him on a station now at all, do we?
I don't have him.
Is he on?
Gosh, doesn't matter.
No, I'm just saying he's just vanished.
And of course, since it's unlikely there'll be a hockey season, he ain't going to be doing no hockey games this year.
I would say OUT is what it sounds like to me.
I'm a foul, a string shot.
We'll run your body to the end.
And we'll run a clock to fight for you.
No, I love this show.
Well, congratulations. Get a life.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Why can't we tell me that?
Why can't we tell me that?
Why can't we tell me that?
Why can't we tell me that?
Why can't we tell me that?
Now you're the boy that is taking hands and the world.
Now the past and the past are three miles away.
And you're like all we know.
You are all alone.
I'm the one around me who's gone out with you.
No.
1118 at 560 WDQM Happy 32.
Here's the schedule for the rest of the day as it appears on my schedule.
Mad Dog Jim Mad is 2-4, one of his rare work days during the summertime.
Then we got the Mohawar Davided appearance on the Hank Goldberg show, the suspended and vacationing Hank Goldberg.
The big...
Oh!
Who does in Pepperpine 7-10 at night?
And then at 10 o'clock, wow!
Have you got that spy handy?
What is that thing that you played before with Laney Martin?
Oh, it's in yours. It's just type in Laney.
It's in my...
Sure, Laney 4 budget.
Take the mystery out of Red Day Car. Oh, it's truck of Miami.
There are four of them rotating on there.
Oh, man!
You press it again. You'll get a different one.
Whatever you drive in, any budget has a van for you.
Got a van. This should...
Where can I love to recall?
But wait, there's more!
But it's new frequent rental program.
Now it gives you a choice of awards.
Earned free rental days.
I think Lenny and the Crow, man. That would be a hell of a matchup, don't you?
Experience what winning is good about when you rent from budget.
We've got a wide variety of causes and...
Unbelievable. What an idea. Let's put them on the pole.
Yeah, Lenny and the Crow.
And Lenny, right?
We got Curtis Stevenson who does a fine job.
And Lenny, a martez, Curtis and Lenny show.
As Len will add some comic to relief, 10 to 2.
I guess it happens on vacation or on a way to plunge his guts out somewhere.
And we got no Marlon game, but I think I'll lay out.
I guess a travel day because they beat the dodges again last night.
I do believe they're going to San Diego to play this weekend.
Am I right, Josh? They won last night?
That's right.
Well, how about that?
Graves won two of those, so they're still eight out, I believe.
Fair and height...
I think it's important.
Well, we're going for the wild card.
Oh yeah, right.
Fair and height 9, Leather director Michael Morisson, to deal with Simon and Suthie,
to publish her collection of letters sent to him by US troops stationed in Iraq.
Slated hit shells in November, the most title will be,
will they ever trust us again?
The letters were received by Mord during the past year,
and much of the correspondence was directed to his website, MichaelMord.com.
I'm proud to give voice to the troops of Ritten to me,
more said and astaminated by Simon and Suthie.
The viet come on publishers,
additionally releasing the official Fair and height 9, 11 Reader,
to coincide with the documentary's DVD home video rollout in October.
The Reader contains the full transcript of the film,
released by Linesgate Films,
as well as additional material that wasn't in the original film.
Today's Fair and height is taken more than 115 million dollars in North American box office record,
and Sony will release it on video October 5,
just a nice little less than a month before the election.
Isn't that great?
It's over.
Oh, and the 47-year-old New Jersey doctor came forward yesterday to claim that he's an ex-lever
of Goal on Chappelle, the man at the center of that gay sex scandal involving New Jersey governor Jim Agrivi.
I was with Goal and when he wasn't with Jim,
a doctor Michael David Miller, who described his relationship with Chappelle as sexual.
I was never with him when he was with Jim, I'm an agamist, he'd be saying.
Miller stuck this in the New York Post today.
Miller stunning claims directly to be cute recent statements from Chappelle
who was insistent interview with the Israeli media that he's straight,
and just maybe he might be...
FAAAING!
I like Goal and Miller at it, he can be very affectionate.
In fact, maybe he brings him to New Heights.
Chappelle's portrayed himself as a victim of McGrivi's repeated advances in a threat
in the file of a sexual harassment lawsuit.
Miller's story could potentially aid McGrivi in courtship any lawsuit be launched.
Miller wouldn't discuss details of his supposed relationship with Chappelle,
but he said he had spoken with the former McGrivi advisor last week and planned to go to Israel to visit him.
OYE!
Chappelle, thanks to Israel for his hometown of reshown a Zion earlier this week.
And McGrivi spokesman said Miller recently approached the administration with his story.
In a half-hour telephone interview with the Post yesterday from his home in Livingston,
Miller said he had no doubt that Chappelle is homosexual.
FAAAING!
Now one of those homos, gay.
He's gay, so what said Miller?
The divorce doctor, he was married for 18 years, has two adult children,
and that Chappelle had been involved with at least three other relationships with men that I know of, he said.
Last night with his house surrounded by reporters, Miller spoke to the throng,
or is that thong, in blue-only blue shorts and white socks, his hair disheveled.
At times cursing and erratic, he alternatively told writers he would talk to them in Hungarian, Spanish, or Hebrew.
OYE!
He's a little scattered, a relative of a member said.
Miller, an emergency room doctor, graduated from the University of Zara Ghose in Spain in 1982,
said he met Chappelle, a fundraiser from McGrivi in 2001.
He said that Chappelle had dollar signs in his eyes.
His interest in monetary affairs was strains the doctor went on.
Out on the date he would ask me how much money I have, how many properties I own,
we were out for a pleasant evening to end to have sex, it took away from the moment.
Don't you think it's a weird question to ask?
He said he had a conversation with him, always ended up with money.
Miller said he thought Chappelle was threatening to sue McGrivi because the governor had jilted him.
Do you know what a jilted lover is? He asked Jim Jilted him.
The Murray McGrivi were about to resign last week, the audio.
Golland did something so hateful in Jewish society and so hateful in the gay community that I was chocked, Miller said.
He was chocked.
Chappelle wouldn't be surprised if the Republican Party paid him a tiny sum of money to do this because of what Golland likes is money.
How do you like that?
You see how this is all fitting together now right before the presidential election?
Ride!
Let's smear and smear, baby. Let's smear the queer.
FAAAING!
Which is right up your alley from that pool. Those 18 tolls you took right now.
What is this? Near Rogers, on.
Croggett out of here with his ass licking.
Go away, go away.
I was a silly crap.
Man, enough is enough already. Starting to sound like WSU in Tampa. Remember that abortion?
Oh yeah.
Speaking of abortion, I know we have a lot of people out there in our audience who are coming back from vacations during the summertime.
I just was on one of them a few long ago.
This is the time when people go out of town and they come back and they turn on their favorite or one of their favorite radio stations and they wonder,
Holy crap, what happened here?
So let me ask you a question.
Yeah.
What happened here?
I am.
This Greg Reed, my God, it's like an endurance contest.
Can we survive?
Can we make it true?
Help us make it through the day.
Forget about making it through the night. We'll never live that long.
Just make it through the day with Greg Reed, who never stops the shifting and moving and changing and screwing around and,
Oh, brother, you just want to pass out.
And then of course it's very easy to say, well, yeah, but how you got stern with those big ratings,
but of course we have all the other ancillary things that go along with the Howard Stern program.
Do we not?
Whatever.
Keeping in mind, of course, that for us it's a win-win situation, right? For us.
Same pay?
Less work? Big ratings? Big lead-in?
What's not to like? Absolutely.
Now for the audience, for the near-riders audience, if people who have enjoyed this show for many years or for however long,
it's a lose-lose situation because number one, you can't hear anything now.
The streaming is just dead.
Good morning. When Stern is on, sorry, Internet, the streaming is just dead.
Maybe they have to have sports.
Yeah.
Yeah. You have to check it back with us to find out what time we come on.
And the same thing is true with our on-the-air audience.
They have no idea where the show is going to start at 10.30, 10.45, 11.15, 11.30, 11.47.15,
whatever the other year, this side that his ego has run out to the day and it's time to go home,
and Robin doesn't have any more. Anything else, Robin? No.
And then that's it, I guess.
Not to mention, of course, the 85th thanks to this one, thanks to the janitor who did such a good job of cleaning out the trash.
It's almost speaking of endurance contest. It's almost like that's what that show is all about.
Well, that's what listeners like.
No, no, I'm talking about this whole concept of how long can we go on before finally kicking and screaming.
See what I'm saying? Don't you get that feeling?
I do. Like we're spent. Finally, we're squeezing the last drop.
God. I mean, if you really listen to those last 20 or 30 minutes,
you become exhausted. Anything else? Anything else?
I mean, can we just keep...oh, brother. Even John Holmes never stretched a dead log.
I don't think. And I'll let you find out. They'll put a dig them up.
Maybe El Goldstein can. He's got nothing else going on these days.
That's it. He's got to find a friend somewhere.
26th after 11 at 5.60 W.Q.M. Let me tell you about dry concepts.
I've been telling you about these great folks for over 20 years on this show,
and I've used them in my homes for over 20 years.
And I promise you, there's nobody better in the world to dry concepts,
to clean your carpeting, your area rugs, your repository, your expensive or re-emmerwugs,
all of these things. Because they dry clean your carpets,
they suck out even the deep dounder with their patented exclusive dry cleaning method.
It leaves your carpets looking and smelling lemony fresh and brand new.
They're dry in a couple of hours. They really can clean today and entertain tonight.
With over 20 years, like I said, of doing a right and so forth,
you can trust the folks at dry concepts, always do a superior job,
and no scams, no ripoffs, no of that 595 for room crap,
they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start to a sensational job.
And when you call dry concepts, be sure to ask them and put you understand by list,
which will save you an extra 15% off their already unbeatable price.
Call them toll free, you'll be glad you did call 1-800-248-5071.
Nobody anywhere does it like dry concepts. 1-800-248-5071,
or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
That's dry concepts making carpets clean since 1979.
You want to see that we heal Rogers?
Exclusively.
On 560-CAM.
For you, drugs back in?
Yes.
Hatcho, I'm a shinnocity.
What's this thing on electricity?
L.A. where it's hot and muggy?
Ain't no place for a horse and muggy.
They might go on a bender,
where it being haths and funny suspenders.
So back home, it's a different world.
No phones or your kid call girls.
Come on, come on and raise that barn.
They can't swear they can't just say sound to men.
If you miss the city of these kids,
they can't say the same cause they're omniscient in the city.
Cause they're omniscient in the city.
No more eating only mutton.
They can use zippers instead of buttons.
First time seeing a computer,
going for a lunch at a place called Hooters.
Car's hog never heard street noise,
and it's the first time they ever seen a homeboy.
But back home, it's a different thing.
No tattoos or belly rings.
Come on, come on and feel no guilt.
When you get home, you can finish that quilt L.A.
Look at the place, it is so pretty if they say.
How will they survive when they're omniscient in the city?
When they're omniscient in the city.
Well see, the CV players realize that we're sure on time.
So they're kind of like hip-scoffin and hoppin' in the...
Yeah, everyone's at the program.
Skipping and hoppin' and jumping a head a little bit.
That's okay, I'll put those in the DCS.
We wouldn't have that problem no more.
I guess that's probably a good idea.
At any rate, who the hell cares when you come right down to it?
Airport shutdown, blamed on perfume.
All of the before we get to that,
better take a few calls here today.
And pretend that we really want to talk to a whole bunch of people.
We just don't...
We just pressed for time.
It's already going on noon now.
Oh, this is so great.
Oh, yeah.
No, no, you're upset.
Oh, that's right, I forgot.
Damn.
Damn, damn, Stuart.
I'm sure I'm taking all that time off our show.
Damn, I wish I could work a lot more.
In fact, maybe then we could like...
Yeah.
It would take a couple hours out of Stern's show
to a come out at eight work from eight till two sounds good.
Just to get even.
Who would you most like to hear in afternoon drive four to seven on QA?
And that's our first full question today.
Tell about one, I guess.
Huh?
At 12.30.
12.30.
Hey, Goldberg.
The Humper.
It is a show by the way.
You guys have to, you know, I don't want to throw an anything complicated.
But it is a show.
Hey, Goldberg 72.
Rick and Scud 66.
I wouldn't listen regardless.
25.
It's about 13%.
No matter what we put on, they say to us.
That's a Raspberry.
Jeff the Forest 14.
The Crow 5.
The Big O.
Has got four.
And also tied with the big O.
For last place, Steve Geldey-Geldstein.
And Moe Howard David.
He's been doing show for a couple weeks now.
I got been filling in while this Hank business is going on.
And he's tied for last place.
I think that's why.
You talk about embarrassing.
And how is it when you realize that everybody in the world hates you like poison?
Your ratings have been marginal at best.
All your coworkers revive you like Ponskum.
How can you maintain that gigantic mammoth ego?
I guess it's called being indedent.
Yeah, look.
It's like clear patterns like being denial.
Because I can't imagine any other way.
WQAM continues radio.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good, pal.
Good. A couple things.
On the game, we press the thing.
You forgot about our greatest movie.
She would play the teleparched light and a Jerry Springer movie that she was in.
Okay.
Well, tell IMDB they forgot it because I was being called IMDB.
And second, what's going on with the beastly?
Do they know that I don't know the west coast like twice a week, you know, to deliver products?
Yeah.
And you know, since his hair on came 770, he hasn't even been on the air.
I mean, they don't know that people listen to AM for advice about one thing to do.
When they're going to get their station up and running over there.
Is that in 770 isn't on the air?
No, I don't know.
You know, you get a station on all you get a static.
That's it.
I heard the gerbil got blown away during the Charlie.
Yeah, no.
What I'm saying is that you're pretty much a generator in there.
You know, the people got battery in the radio.
You're a dream in man or what?
Have you ever listened to that station and heard the Hittor Dine wine on that thing, man?
It's unbelievable.
Maybe the tower.
I think it's not my experience over here.
Here's the go.
You think it's just, you don't have you on there.
You know, they took you all here.
I want to do that.
No, we don't want to have that bag on over here.
We want to have a bunch of paid religion.
Okay, we're listening to the beastly.
Have a great day.
Yeah, the tower probably got knocked down is what happened.
Just like that station in Key West that I had the honor of being on for a couple of weeks.
Yeah, I mean, you talk about tremendous promotion.
I've had really the right people behind my career.
They put me on a station in Key West that had just had the tower blown down during a storm.
I don't think it was a hurricane, but some gigantic tropical storm.
And the tower was laying horizontal on the ground in the water.
In the water in the water.
So about the only thing that might happen was you might get electrocuted
if you walked down near the tower, but other than that, you couldn't hear it for squat.
And the fish got good reception.
Oh, brother.
It is incredible.
Oh, apparently somebody heard your commentary.
So the schedule on the web tape has been changed.
That's a very, very wise move on your part.
You know, these people keep giving us advice.
Well, don't say that.
I said, don't say that.
You know, and you would don't know your ass from a mile, but okay?
It's not the Howard David's show.
It's the freaking Hank Goldberg show.
And of course, you people are all over the place.
If you listen to the rejoins on there, it says Howard's stirring in the morning,
Neil and Midday's, Matt Dog and the hammer.
Which I don't think do we call, we'd like some people like to hit Mo on the head.
I'm the broad spot with a hammer.
What's going on?
I think that's Hank last time we checked.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is the studio?
I love the Neorahs to show.
Now, listening, this is what I am vision when I'm listening to Howard in the morning.
I see dogs with his both hands and his shoes off with both hands on it.
Both hands on the board.
Well, along with both of his feet, don't think everything else that Howard is saying.
Now, I was listening to a fifth this morning.
One of the guys saying, he had a guest on him.
The guy's name was the N word with his last name.
They must have said this guy's name 10 to 12 to 15 times in a row.
And muffled, they got like 10 or 11 feet out of the 50 times at the N word.
He was hilarious because I get to listen to the 96.1 broadcasts for four minors.
But what I don't understand is it's a feet-leaf station also.
So I don't get it.
Yes, but you don't understand.
They don't have the same evil doers living over there on a west coast.
They were there than Miami.
Why?
I'm welcome.
Thank you, Robert.
I'd rather listen to it than the four minors station because I can hear everything else.
I love your station and everything.
But why?
I hear more on the four minors station than I can hear.
If you live in North Browder, Palm Beach County, probably would much rather hear it on a buzz 93.1 FM.
Because they got a much better signal number one and number two.
They're not bleeping every two seconds.
But that was hilarious.
I see stuff there with this not the FM and it's just off in his hands on the four of you.
That's what I'm hearing.
He's got both hands on it.
Great.
I love you, man.
Thank you.
That's what Robert Creeper said.
He's got both hands on it.
I said who you can.
Okay, let's take a look at the poll result because this is pretty a momentous here.
We got a real and incredible battle going on.
This is like a firmed in Aladdard.
It's tight on mud.
It's like easy goer and Sunday silence.
But it is a bit of a refresh again.
It was like one whole to part.
How many?
Well, let's take a look at what I got.
Yeah, you're right.
Who would you most like to hear in the afternoon drive 4 to 7 on QAM?
You people in programming.
All you silly people at the station, you better take pay close attention to this.
Okay.
And I'm glad you heated me there on that schedule because that was extraordinarily ill advised and a bad, bad move on your part.
All you expert.
You see, this whole idea that we got some bitch over there in the Naples report.
My name is Joyce.
Who decides what words we can say and they're given enough for all the primer and all the sexual orientation training there on what the dump.
What a joke.
Yeah, what an embarrassment as somebody I know might say.
What she knows about radio, you put it in a thimble and have room for a fat boy's ass leftover.
You'll be placed in an old, by the way, that fat boy spoke with George this morning all.
Hi, a pally.
All his fans out there in the audience.
Yeah, hi.
I told them, don't die, a pally.
Not yet.
That's when we get some new copy anyway.
245 votes in one in about 20 minutes.
That is spectacular.
I should have tied 89 each.
Holy moly, you see, here's his refreshing just a pad, just a scooch.
I was faster down here in Florida.
I see 90 90 is what I'm looking at.
Who would you most like to hear in that new drop?
253 votes.
That is heavy, heavy duty in about 25 minutes.
Rick and Scott 90, the Humper 90, Hank Goldberg.
I wouldn't list regardless, 32.
No matter what you bastards put on, I wouldn't listen.
Jeff DeFloris 19, the Crow's got seven.
I still think I had, that's the winner.
Lenny Martez and the Crow.
Man, that would be a show.
Oh, seldom heard in the anales or broadcast history.
Right, let me pick you in.
Anyway, the Crow has got seven.
The big one.
Oh.
He's the bad.
More Howard David and finally is moved a little ahead.
He must have voted again.
Moe's got five and Gellie.
No!
Your out sweet heart.
Poor Gellie's only got four.
He's done.
He's Fonito.
He's toast.
By the way, here toast is toast too, right?
I can't wait to get back to town so I can hear Stu Gotz September one on...
Right?
We're all waiting for that.
All that we do say the best to our good buddy Joe Rosy did a hell of a job, Joe.
A little though.
Good people in our book and they got screwed over badly and strung along and strung along and lied to.
Look for the QM van 5 to 7 at A.C. Dural.
Aile House.
Stopped by for prizes and specials on President Day Beer.
The big, oh!
We've brought casting live tonight or as live as that ever gets with him with that dull sound of his.
7 to 10 tonight at the Hooters on Pines and University.
Stopped by to win our low budget QM prizes and enjoy specials on President Day Beer, which means Vigilabita.
I'm going to tell you about Aileysa Recharge, the toner and recharge cartridge specialist for the past few weeks on his show.
And many of you have called 800-287-92212.
Thank goodness.
And you saved yourself a lot of money on your printing and office equipment supplies.
For those of you who haven't called, what are you waiting for?
Aileysa Recharge has got ink jets, thermo-carbon papers, supplies, they provide service, support maintenance for most makes and models of machines to make them run just like brand new again.
When you call that number, 1-800-287-9212, you'll deal with just Bob.
The Solowner has been supplied businesses in South Florida with what they need in most cases within just 24 hours.
Aileysa Recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing and again, I emphasize all the cartridges sold by Aileysa Recharge.
Our remanufactured not refilled.
Any slip can save you a cheap refill of cartridge, but keep in mind you only get what you pay for.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go.
And Aileysa carries a complete amount of cartridges for printers, copiers and faxes along with brother and zero-ox drums too.
Aileysa Recharge is part of the individualized service.
There are no questions at satisfaction guarantee.
So if it's toner, cartridges, all of these things that you need, just pick up that phone and call a good buddy, just Bob.
And Aileysa Recharge is a tool free call 1-800-287-9212.
You can check them out on the web at AileysaRecharge.com or call them for real quick service 1-800-287-9212.
And let locker room pump pump pump pump.
Aileysa Recharge is part of the individualized service.
The computer checks with your woo-woo.
Aileysa Recharge is part of the individualized service.
And Aileysa Recharge is part of the individualized service.
Aileysa Recharge is part of the individualized service.
And Aileysa Recharge is part of the individualized service.
Aileysa Recharge is part of the individualized service.
Aileysa Recharge is part of the individualized service.
And Aileysa Recharge is part of the individualized service.
13-0-560-WQM.
This is a fantastic photo at Burger King.
Thank you, Jeannie.
Thank you, Jeannie.
It's a beautiful thing.
Now do we know where this is located?
This particular Burger King?
Because I think even Dwight Lottoriel will be delighted to eat there.
Because you know him.
She says it's in the area of the Magic Kingdom around the Orlando.
Oh, it's in the central part of the state where they dumber than sawed us to people live.
Burger King, there's the big sign outside of Burger King says breakfast in the big red sign.
I'm the one that's on the marquee.
It says try our new Anus steak burger right there.
I've forwarded it along the air exit.
Burger King, we sure know our ass.
Oh yeah, that's got to be on our website today.
That is a phenomenal thing.
Now get back to the first poll which we only have going to the 1230.
Why do I feel rushed?
It's relaxed.
Which is good. No, I don't want to relax.
I want to like zip it in because it's already almost noon George.
That's right.
Oh man, what a scam.
Don't tell anybody though.
Who would you most like to hear an afternoon drive?
Forty-seven on WQ-WAM.
Now with all these changes and suspensions and firings and high rings and howard the stern and the mohaward-divided so far.
We got 314 votes.
We're going to kick some serious ass on this poll.
Hank Goldberg 110.
Ricken starts 108.
It is a battle.
Knows and knows.
Neck and neck right to the wire.
I wouldn't listen regardless.
Forty-four, that's up to 14%.
That's probably the Schmidt people or whatever they are.
That's right.
I think I said Ed, that guy that knows Picker on here.
America.
Ed Schultz.
Yep, the Forty-six, the Crow Nine, the Big Ow!
Has got only six.
And mohaward-divided is just keeping barely a head, keeping a hair ahead of Goldie.
Moz got six and Goldie five as they duke it out with the big O for last place.
God, is that embarrassing or what?
Almost as embarrassing as that as I punched it up the other day.
Well, I think it was yesterday.
Well, I was sitting here punching up some stories.
And there was somebody called in a telling Mo that he heard him on Pharrell show, I guess, on the internet.
Three weeks ago, or maybe the caller was just talking about Pharrell and Moz.
I was a guest on his show three weeks ago.
And many proceeds to stab his good buddy Pharrell in the back.
Because the caller says, why is she remiss him?
I enjoyed him better than Howard Stern.
And Moz is absolutely not.
That's Triple A ball, Pharrell.
That's just Triple A ball.
Howard Stern is major league.
He wrote Sim and As.
And then turns around.
And the other caller I heard was talking about the Dolphin season and how few games the...
In fact, this was one of the chronics who was promising that the Dolphins are going to win 10 games.
They're going to go 10 and 6 this season.
And since he's going to give two grand the most favorite charity if they don't win the 10 games.
And Moz say, well, most experts are saying it'll be lucky to win six or seven.
Now, this is the voice of the team keep in mind, okay?
Right.
Now, granted, he's not making that prediction because that would even be more outrageous.
But just the idea that he's talking about what a crap team is going to be this year, which is right.
But the voice of the team, I mean of the jets of the Dolphins?
WQA and hello.
Hey, George, how are you?
Pretty good. How are you doing?
Not too bad. I've been out of town for the past couple of weeks.
Did Hank get hit?
Oh, boy. Have you ever missed it, man?
Did Hank get to...
Neil?
Yeah.
Wow. How are you?
I'm like a Superman. I just changed from dirt to Neil just overnight.
I just took off my...
What was that?
No, so I've been out of town.
I come back and then the moh hours on the afternoon and then...
That's what I'm going to do.
Right.
Did Hank do something to eat? Did Hank move all together and get this butt thrown off the thing?
Well, we can't talk about it on the year.
All I know is that he reported this story about Jeffrey Luria and his marriage or something.
I don't know.
And he says that there was a rumor that was true and that his station suspended him.
And the Marlins got all been out of shape.
And that's as much as I can say.
And so he's suspended for another one of those ideals.
And Moe was filling in.
But now they're trying to make it seem like it's the Mohauer David show, which is not.
Thank you.
I mean, that's what I was thinking.
I mean, he's certainly not saying, hey, this is Mohauer's going in for Hank.
I mean, let me just put it to you this way.
I mean, stirring is not now in the morning.
Right.
Okay.
And it's a crappy version of stirring, too.
Right.
A chopped up butchered version.
And Hank's contract ends in November.
Moe has got a year and a half left on his deal.
Okay.
So you can talk to Spanchen.
You can talk about all this other window dressing.
But this is only my own opinion.
I had no information, but it's just my opinion.
If you're going to pay somebody off to go away, if somebody's only got two or three months left on their deal,
and then somebody's got a year and a half on their deal, being the beastlies who are cheaper than dirt,
who are you going to pay off to go away?
Yeah, that's kind of a given.
Now what's the other thing?
And you're talking about two guys going over the other station.
What's that?
Oh, yeah.
790, man.
ESPN Radio.
Joe Rose went over there because he got screwed over with this stirring thing.
And there you go.
And is the fourth going over there, too?
The fourth?
Yeah.
No, the rumor is that if Hank, can I say this?
I just did say it.
The rumor is, well, yeah, what do we talk about?
The mofo show that they want depot to work with mofo if Hank don't come back.
I'll be pending.
Depot and mo, there's a combination for you.
Yeah, it's going to be called the mofo show.
I kind of like that.
It's a word for me.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
What's here to say, sir?
Dolly.
Let's see.
Joe and Seth Miami says, if they must put on Howard, then here's my lineup.
Howard's ster in 6 to 11.
Neal God, 11 to 3.
Oh, yeah.
No.
That was a bandied about for a moment or two.
And of course, there's no chance.
And that Mad Dog's got the 2 to 4 hours.
Has sensational ratings in there.
I'm not messing with him.
In addition to which it took a clock, I'm done.
I go home.
I turn around and go home.
Five feet.
Well, he drives it.
Mad Dog 3 to 6.
It says, depot 6 to 10.
I would pick Joe Roosevelt as a TV thing.
Plus, he's going to be September 1st on 790 on ESPN Radio.
It says, absolutely no mo.
No Humper.
No Geldy.
No!
No Lennie Martez.
And please, I beg you, no Crow.
That's not like a racial thing to me, don't it?
I got to get Crow Botics right here, home boy.
I'm sure you do.
No Crow.
God, just don't have a sense of humor.
And a sense of smell, either.
The Crow smells like lilacs.
Well, the worst.
He smells like, even though he just takes a bath in Kashmir, but okay.
And dad's on a little bit too much.
He smells like hell a lot better than many of the people I've been around lately.
Oh God.
What is it with these people?
Oh, I want the casino.
It's probably for the best.
What does that mean?
They're using all the fragrance to cover up something else.
No, they're not using any fragrance.
Oh, those people, yeah, well.
Those are the people I'm talking about.
Holy crap.
The people from India.
The people from Italy.
And believe me, I love Italy.
But, you know, what is that?
Is that earthy kind of like hair under the armpits?
Or, like, four pounds of hair?
I mean, come on.
And then to top it off, I'm playing the machine the other day.
And there's this guy who obviously works at the track it would buy.
And he's playing the machine next to me.
You have never, ever in your life.
Well, he's a guy who is obviously around the manure pits.
Yeah.
And his pits were sweaty.
And you have never had any combination of aromas in your life.
Overwhelmed you like this.
And now he gets like 200 on a wheel.
I'm thinking, oh, please, please, lose.
I don't know you personally.
I don't wish anybody to like, but please lose.
And you finally just, oh, God, speaking of manure.
Yes, the anus picture is up on the site.
All right.
Let's hear it for...
Rectum.
Yeah.
Let's hear it for ass.
Can we still say that?
No.
Well, I just did.
How do you like that?
Let me ask you a question.
Go to burger.
Can you try our anus steak burger?
Mmm.
What kind of sauce?
I don't know, but I hear it's the dancing cheek to cheek.
Yeah, that's a walker.
In fact, I hear the beast left it there.
It's a walker.
Six to dance.
The biggest anus preview is Dwight Lutterdale over a sniff.
A liquid substance that forced authority speaking of perfume to shut down the Fort Wayne International Airport in Fort Wayne, Indiana for several hours yesterday has been determined to be a component used to make perfume a fire department official said,
how do you like that?
Not that we're panicking or anything like that.
Oh, my God.
The airport reopened when coming flights around 130.
A spokesman for the Air Force Public Safety Department told CNN.
American Airlines spokeswoman Lisa Bailey said, I wonder if she's kind of bill Bailey.
Or maybe Jack Bailey used to be the driving champion at Vernon Downs.
Or the American Airlines spokeswoman Lisa Bailey said the liquid spilled from a broken bottle in a package of Americans flight 42-71 from Chicago's Francis over here airport.
Has Matt has told us that there's no biological or chemical threat, Bailey said.
Bob Amber, or was this another Amber alert?
A spokesman for the Fort Wayne Fire Department said the testing showed the liquid was a perfume ingredient.
But at such a strong concentration, there was a very strong aroma he told CNN.
Even the crow never smelled this fragrance when he said, airport authority director, Torrey Richardson said,
six people have become sick because of the spill, two of them paramedics and four airport employees.
You know, there are a lot of people who have bad allergies.
Right?
As you know.
Sure.
And are allergic to like heavy cologne and perfume.
People have to see there's two extremes.
Why can't people just smell like, okay, you know, they don't have to smell great.
Just like, okay, yeah.
Does it, God?
I see.
Because another curse from God is that what it is?
It will.
God.
Yeah.
I think next time I go out anywhere in public, I'm going to curious,
Sancholari, I'm going to be with like some bars of coast that beat people with them.
No, just start to toss it out, bars open.
It's kind of like a healthy reminder here.
Just to see the reaction, just to settle a reminder.
Four minutes to a lunar QM when you're moving or renovating, that's the best time to call 1-800-Matras
because you can make that first item in a dream home in heavenly with a brand new top quality name,
Brand Matras from dial amatras.
You pick the date and time for delivery.
If you're moving schedule and dial amatras keep in mind is on time, 99.7% of the time.
Nobody anywhere has got a better selection of queen and king size macros since ready for immediate delivery than dial amatras.
When you call 1-800-Matras right now, you get a great mattress and this gone price.
Dial amatras is ranked number one in customers satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torts of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-Matras, you'll choose from the complete line of the top names in the universe.
They got them all silly.
Certain king, queen, simons, sympathetic and even, stirons and foster a hewitt.
Everybody with a brain including yours truly have been calling these people for years has called 1-800-Matras for their bed
and you want to do the same.
Log on to them on the website at themapras.com or make that call right now to guarantee you a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
It's an unbeatable deal all the way around.
Great selection, unbeatable prices and of course delivery, top notch.
1-800-Matras, 1-800-MATTRES.
You're listening to Neal Rogers.
You can add a list of your current 566-T-U-A-M.
Tell me whenever I'm in town I listen to, wait a minute I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Stop!
Stop!
Three to three.
Or in maybe he was on track.
He tried every way and LSD and wrote his joints big as a tree.
This no joke, this no joke, what he wrote this song he was on track.
It outshel rule filled with smoke.
The orphaned ring goes on a talk to you.
Come clean after all these his mistakes of some guns.
I knew they were high when they got those dumb haircuts.
That's a part, that's a part.
If they might fall, I would still flood shots.
And my John believed your go was not.
If he weren't so teethe, no she's not.
When the beehives were big there were trucks everywhere.
They got stoned with the beach and saw the end share.
So they were high as a kite for such a pepper.
Absolutely.
Above all three already at 5.60 WQM is 70 moving at clock way ahead unless you're one.
Man, it feels like it.
It is unbelievable.
Don't forget look for the QM van, 5.7 this afternoon at the DeRal ale house.
Stop by for prizes and specials on President Tha Beer.
The big ol big broadcasting live tonight, 7 to 10 at the Hooters on Pines University doing his usual monotone show.
Stop by to windows really crappy low budget prizes from QM and enjoy specials on President Tha Beer.
This fact you just sent me from one of our chronic factors about Moe and Gildi and Depho and Gurgli and this and Pauli Man.
I have no life.
That's what his guy is trying to say.
Get serious.
Man.
Get some kind of assemblance of a life.
Look at that poor result man.
You see how many votes we got on there in like no time at all.
Two.
In three.
Huh?
411.
Who would you most like to hear in afternoon drive on QM 4 to 7?
Rick and Suz and the Humper on mine are tied dead even 139.
What?
Is that what you got?
139 of peace.
Oh look at that.
Now they're tied to get a 141 of peace.
Wow.
Can't break the tie out of 420.
I wouldn't listen regardless of 57 to 13.5 percent hard asses.
Jeff the 441.
The big old is got 13.
The crows got 11.
And then morning 10 demand.
Their second win.
Moe Howard David had who's filling in temporarily right now in a hang-goal version.
Moe Howard David has got 10 and Gildi's got only 6.
Oh brother.
They really miss you.
Not.
It's just, there's so many things that are just like a state of mind you know.
What do you think about it?
Just a state of mind.
I guess Gildi is the rascal house of morning radio.
Joseph.
What it was?
And his own mind of course.
567.0560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
In fact I'm picking that probably good idea with me for our people.
Maybe we can get Robin Quiver's facts number there on Howard Stern show.
And we can facture a lot more of those news stories so they won't howard keep saying,
anything else Robin?
So that like she almost never runs out.
I feel about 130 would be good.
What a great idea.
I'm going to get a few spots in.
Come in to QA and hello.
Hey Neil, how's it going?
Yes sir.
Great.
Glad to hear you man.
And congratulations on the new hours and same pay.
Oh right.
I was just listening to your commercial that you were saying about the ale house.
And it occurs to me why are you allowed to make a burping sound which is a bodily gaff.
Yeah.
And you're not allowed to make the other sound which is a bodily gaff but I'll be out sitting there.
Tell that lady to think about that.
Well generally speaking I would think that burps usually although not always smell better.
Yeah but who's smelling on the radio?
Hey that's going to be the new thing we got that we got the QA smell of it.
And coming man.
I know have a good day.
And you too.
Right?
Sniff this.
Man that one smells good.
I mean here to find an elevator what would you rather?
If somebody's going to belt or if somebody's going to fart is there any question about it?
Depends if they had a Greek salad lately.
I see a geek salad.
Depends that if they had Greek lately is what you're saying.
But back to Burger King again.
They'd always go back.
Maybe they had one of them famous anus.
Now what do you think that really sat on that time?
It was supposed to say.
Oh anus.
Oh anus.
See I'm a little bit slow these days.
I forgot about that restaurant chain of black anus remember them?
Of course and they got the campaign now at Burger King.
They're from Burger King.
In fact my lottery deal said that was his favorite that black anus.
Nice to an.
Never had that.
Black anus?
Nope.
They're out of business too late.
Actually it was not a bad place.
Oh oh oh black anus.
One of them shows were reminisce about all those restaurants.
What was the place where they had all the Peelle shrimp?
Oh come on.
Sizzle.
No.
Close.
One of those kind of dumps.
I mean one of those kind of places.
Sizzle is still in business aren't they?
I don't know.
No I don't think so.
No?
Oh this was very big in South Florida.
That was what they were famous for.
Because I don't really care about Peelle shrimp.
Peelle shrimp.
See you.
WDQA and hello.
Hey guys, we can hear you.
Yes sir.
Hey Neel I just want to give you a watch that growing up got you show.
What do you think of that show?
No I asked other.
I saw the promos for it and I think it's really pathetic.
Okay I think they have to put all their ass in jail.
You think like these reality shows are like kind of stayed.
They kind of think they are.
No.
No you mean like the Jerry Springer show and that stuff.
Kind of staged.
No.
No way man.
You mean like they are scripted like the whole thing is just a scan.
To milk this thing until finally the public is so overrun with reality that they want to go back to fantasy.
Reality my ass.
My enus.
Oh and I wonder I can't stand Burger King.
I knew something tasted bad there.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh man.
As a matter of fact last time I ate it Burger King tasted like crap.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the.
I don't know 5 6 the.
On the 18th and the and hurrah.
Oh two bad Peter Clayton can't make a comeback just briefly.
We take him to the drives you anyway.
WQA and hello.
Neil how you doing?
Pretty good.
All right nice to go on the pole.
You go ahead.
Okay I'd like to vote for Howard David.
Yes.
And also a partial birth abortions that buy.
Okay great thanks.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
That was great.
That was sensational.
All in by the way speak it up politics my right winger Cuban friend.
Breaking and that's just one of the little circle.
Right.
Breaking rangs with his party and reversing his earlier stands.
The senior retirement.
That was the one I called on Tuesday about how I'm jealous that I can't get.
Yes like Dennis Miller.
Nice.
Try pal I don't think he's that same like with me the other day.
Give your voice to give your boyfriend a big kiss right on the lips.
Okay a little time would be good.
In fact maybe you can take him to Burger King.
Breaking rangs with his party and reversing his earlier stands.
A senior retiring Republican lawmakers said yesterday that the military strike against the Iraq was a mistake.
And he blasted a massive failure of intelligence before the war.
And of course he is absolutely correct.
The unexpected four page statement came from representative Doug Barudor of Nebraska who until earlier this month was the vice chairman of the House Intelligence Committee.
A panel that reviewed much of the evidence the administration cited before going to war.
I've reached the conclusion retrospectively now that the inadequate intelligence and faulty conclusions are being revealed.
That all things being considered was a mistake to launch that military action.
Especially without a broad and engaged international coalition.
He wrote in a four page letter to his constituents a scathing denunciation.
The cost in casualty is already large and growing in the immediate and long term financial cost are incredibly said.
Barudor was especially critical of the pre war intelligence which described an arsenal of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
But of course no such weapons have been found since the US let evasion and that's because they don't exist.
Barudor voted in support of an October 2002 resolution authorizing the use of force in Iraq but said that the vote was based on what he had been told about the WMD threat from Iraq.
Left unresolved for now is whether intelligence was intentionally misconstrued to justify military action he said.
How do you like that?
Congressional Republicans were surprised and angry at Barudor's comments. You know what two freaking bad? How do you like that?
Man, man, man, man, that too bad.
We finally found a couple of guys including John McCain who was pissed off and fired up until Swift vote the Veterans for lies or whatever that feel is.
Yeah.
Swift vote the Veterans for lies ought to apologize and even the president even the Bushmeister your right wing president says,
you don't want to be involved. He won't renounce it. He won't reject it. He won't condemn it.
And that of course is just like Kerry said today because they're funded by a Texas millionaire who's a Bush liquor and the whole thing is just so he can hide behind the first rings of these guys they can go out there and do the dirty work.
What a filthy disgusting campaign coming from our draft odds in president.
Yours seems to me, Rogers.
Collective.
I got your breasts are beautiful.
I'm dying out of here.
Oh, we're fine.
That's your movie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Probably a five six to go.
Speaking of boobs a lot. Don't forget on our website on our prestigious Neil Rogers dot com website under the today's beaded curtain picture of Jimmy Presley.
I know she in came to Elvis.
Under the picture, there's this dude we got all in the boobs a lot. Yeah.
And don't forget to drag your mouse along it.
Huh?
Right.
Drag your mouse along the movies and they do all kinds of amazing things.
Okay. In addition to which we have the picture, we didn't wish that he found nice going.
I can buy the way the answer to your question about doing an internet show before the regular show is no chance.
But anyway, the book or king of things up there for that place really blows.
I would as much as I despise McDonald's unless I'm an amp to them because the food sucks so bad there.
Unless I'm there, I would not eat there.
But I would eat McDonald's a thousand times before I go to Burger King.
Wouldn't you?
Yeah. Well, God.
Yeah.
No, no, seriously. It's just so bad.
They don't you can't complain about their food because they don't sell any.
Is there anything they have that's good?
I'll get back to you.
Oh no, I've taken it.
No, I think that back.
They do have those cross sandwiches in the morning.
Those breakfasts.
Those are pretty good.
Yes, they are.
So I think after breakfast, it would be good time for them to shut down and work out that the aim is that they work on.
That they...
Just a look at that thing.
It's such a beautiful thing.
And of course, you don't think it might be somebody like you literate.
Somebody QA Am Hello.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
Hey, nearly.
Listen, a couple of answers for you.
I don't know if they call.
Do you think Charlie is the one with the shirt on?
Yes, the one.
We've stayed Charlie.
I wouldn't have thought of it again for 100 years, right?
They used to be great down on 17th Street.
Right.
And then also, one of 3.1 up here in Palm Beach is the one that carries the buzz.
The buzz, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think it said 96.1.
That's the one over on West Coast.
No, I say, what is it again?
One of three point one?
One of three point one.
Oh, I said 93.1.
Well, I have one number right anyway.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a thing different.
And the only good thing at Burger King is the onion ring.
Oh, no.
I can't believe you said that.
You've been doing so great until that moment.
Well, for quick fix, you know.
Oh, there's no onion in a man.
They're just battered.
Even the Orleans never had so many batters.
It's minced onion pieces.
Yeah, minced is the word.
How about your head, Palli?
Have a great day.
Thanks for the info.
Beef steak, Charlie.
You remember that?
Absolutely.
That was a good place.
Wasn't bad at all.
You know, and then all these people say, oh,
when you're just an old fart, live it in the past,
even young farts like Georgia, wasn't that old?
Of course, Josh, you probably don't remember beef steak, Charlie.
Do you?
Never heard of it?
Don't think so.
Do you even remember lumps?
Yeah.
Or wags?
I don't care what anybody says.
Also, wags was damn good for what it was.
Right.
I mean, where would you rather go like at 11 o'clock at night?
Or one in the morning?
Wags or Denys?
No contest.
No, come.
Or I hop.
Man, oh man.
Have you ever noticed driving around, no matter where you are in America,
you drive around, and you see all of these very familiar looking buildings that used to be
an international house of flakes?
You know what I mean?
That's right.
That's designed to hear.
And now almost all of them think goodness are something else.
The only thing I can really remember about international houses are cakes, which unfortunately
was the sponsor ones upon the time, and I do lie a lot.
I'm sorry.
But, you know, all those different kinds of syrup.
That's it.
Blueberry syrup and blackberry and boysenberry and poisonberry and they were kind of, huh?
They were all weak anyway.
Yeah.
And they sucked, but I mean, they had like 85,000 different kinds of syrup to shmere all over
or whatever you got.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, I'm not getting all my stuff in here today because it's already almost
free.
Oh, I can't handle this.
And Christ, I gotta come back and do another show next Tuesday.
Oh, yes.
Something the party's almost over.
Boy, it sure goes by fast.
Yeah, I know it.
It goes by fast.
I'll believe this.
You're lying on August deal every summer.
Man.
Because this week is the last week of the two weeks.
Oh.
And then we go back to that regular schedule.
Yeah.
Where they're gonna have to put up with me every day Monday through Friday, briefly after we
have finished with the Howard Stern moment to marathon.
A church, you love this story from Milwaukee.
A church elder was sentenced to two and a half years in prison Tuesday for abusing an
eight year old autistic two and a half years as all they got for abusing an eight year old
autistic boy who died what prosecutors called an exorcism at a storefront church.
How do you like that?
Yes, I'm looking for it.
Trust me.
Oh Christ, I'll tell you.
Well, now that we got these new IDs and all the accused and everything, I gotta be honest.
I gotta mine my peace and cues.
Prosecutors say Ray Hempeer lay on Terence Cottrell's chest released an hour.
Oh, that's what Duff was doing.
A robber creeper this morning is what I heard.
Don't get off this.
That's the rumor going around the building.
Well, he's under a lot of pressure, you know what all in dumps.
He lay on his chest released an hour.
I'll try to release demons from him before the boy died August 22, 2003.
It was your unreasonable and reckless conduct because this child that I'm Milwaukee County Circuit Judge Jean Demarro told Hempeer.
Last month, the jury found Hempeer 46 guilty of physical abuse of a child,
recklessly causing great bodily harm.
Hempeer's attorney at our youth is fine with trying to help the boy and that
controlled died after an overdose of medication.
The medical examiner ruled a boy that of suffocation.
Terence sat at the Faith Temple Church in the Apostolic Faith of the Apostolic Faith in Milwaukee,
where Hempeer was a church elder and where the boy and his mother were members.
The jury also sentenced him to 10,000 to 7,500 years of extended supervision,
ordered him to pay about $1,200 in restitution and will not allow him to appear in that new exercise movie coming up this fall.
You realize that the prequel is coming?
Yes.
Why do we do that?
The prequel, the sequel, I mean the sequels were so bad, it's just an abomination man.
You have to follow that.
There were two of them and the one with Richard Burton, that was the all-time worst, that was just grotesque.
But now we've got the excesses to prequel, maybe it might be pretty good.
It will turn your head around as well, I got it.
Is Linda Blair going to be in it?
No.
She's not?
No.
How do we know that?
We've been born yet.
What is that coming out of people?
I don't know.
I've actually found out a lot about them, evil doers.
Wasn't that supposed to be in Iran the first scene?
Yes, Persia.
Well, I like this idea.
I read it right.
Let's just go kill them all.
Okay, let's kill everybody before they get us.
They want us, we're going to go get them.
26 past noon at 5, 60, it's 1230 already, we've got to get out of here.
Almost.
And the audience is saying, Daniel, what are you laughing about here?
Well, it's just one of those things.
In fact, now if you figure out the hourly, Georgian and Josh just moved up almost to a minimum wage.
So what's wrong with that?
For the year?
Yeah.
When you're moving or renovating, that's the best time to make this easy call.
The Dalmatris had 1,800 mattress.
And you can make that very first night in Dreamhouse, Heavenly, with a brand new top quality name,
Brand mattress from our friends at Dalmatris.
I've been using their stuff for years.
Pick the date and time for delivery to fit your moving schedule.
I need to our window that's convenient for you.
And Dalmatris will be there on time, 99.7% of the time.
And nobody's got a better selection of Queen and King size mattress.
That's ready for immediate delivery than Dalmatris.
When you make that call right now, you get a great mattress and an unbeatable discount.
Price you won't have to schlep all over town.
And don't forget Dalmatris is ranked number one in the world of customers satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch of Excellence Award.
When you call 1,800 mattress, so it's used in the complete line of the top names, known demand.
Seely, serter, King, Coral, Simmons, Temporpetic, and Stearns of the Nandest Foster.
Everybody around you way, I'm including, like I said, you're as truly as call and Georg,
and Miguel, and just about anybody with a brain, has called 1,800 mattress for the reds you ought to be doing the same,
because it saves a lot of schlepping around town, saving a ton of money, and you can't beat their deal all the way around.
Log on to their website, mattress.com, or make that easy call right now, and guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for years to come.
1,800 mattress, 1,800 MATTRES.
It's your season meal, Rogers.
It's course time.
I'm going to wrap this team AEM.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Being Mr. Novaki is a snott, Frankie old fox, who does not trick up.
He may live a secret way.
I'll be into the CIA.
Giving our top secrets away.
You're the ninja clown.
You're the ninja clown.
Meet Dr. T. H. Ann Paul, girl, she's a slut, Paul, and a pundit, huh?
Tell her it does in your dreams.
And she will drop out on the knees.
A snake jagged is what she needs.
Who will pull the egg?
Who will pull the egg?
Oh!
1232-550-WDQM, happy Thursday to you.
500 run-posts were ending this poll right now, and look how it ends.
I'll say it.
Who will you most likely hear in afternoon and drive 4-7 in the PM on WQA?
Oh, I should point out to you.
Check the QM schedule again.
Between 4-7 it says the Hank Overshow.
How do you like that?
Now they are.
Hank 165 and sud 163.
I wouldn't listen regardless, 70-14%.
Jeff DeForest, 50.
I wonder how many of those were voting from the Micah Supees.
The Crow's got 16.
The big O has got 16.
And second wind in the last and next to last place, that morning team,
or at least that former morning team, two guys are just despised each other like poison.
Moe Howard David has got 13 and Steve Geltey-Gelstein's only got 8.
Oh, brothers, pretty weak.
Lane, here's the poll for the rest of the show and through the day.
Presidential poll.
Once the last time we did this quite a while ago, right?
About a month or so.
And I hate to write the news to you, but it's already August number 19,
which means the election is two.
It's a couple of months away, right?
September, October, just two and a half months.
It's going to be here before you know it.
Let me say it also.
Kerry is leading a Bush in Ohio, 52-42 among all registered voters.
Among likely voters, he's only three points ahead.
North Carolina Bush is only head by three points as John Edwards is making a little bit of a
splash there.
So give me a chance to play that.
I think that's the best thing.
I'm stuck on this thing.
It really is bad.
Bush 48, in fact, I would think that might be something that we can't play when you come right down to.
Bush 48, Kerry, two bad mom made a run, she could identify it.
Kerry 45 in North Carolina.
A lot closer than I'm sure the Bush people would be happy to see.
Presidential poll, who would you vote for?
Bush, Kerry, Nader, I won't vote or I can't vote, I'm not eligible, which means either you're too young
or you just got off the bed and vote like George or for a multitude of reasons.
Right?
Did I leave anything off?
Dead.
No, no, they can vote in dead.
Oh, the dead people can vote in dead.
No question about that.
In fact, the more the better as long as they vote for Kerry.
If we're going to bring in a whole bunch of dark folks from outside, we're going to bring in a bunch of dead people.
We're going to send in zillions and zillions of phony absentee ballots.
You think you guys stole the election last time, you ain't seen nothing yet.
We're going to have people that have been dead for thousands of years.
We're going to have like these founding fathers are going to be voting again.
Noobie obtained military records of one of Senator John Kerry's most vocal critics
who has accused the Democratic presidential candidate of lying about his wartime record with medals.
Contradict his own version of events.
How do you like that?
What a surprise, huh?
What a bunch of lying.
What a sack of crap, man.
Talk about desperate.
Desperate.
In newspaper interviews and a bestselling book, Larry Thurlow, who committed the Navy's swiftboard
alongside Kerry and Vietnam, has strongly disputed Kerry's claim that the Massachusetts Democrats vote team under fire
during a mission in Vietnam, Conkontroll territory on March 13, 1969.
Kerry won a bronze star for his actions that day.
But Thurlow's military records, personally which will release yesterday
of the Washington Post under the Freedom of Information that contained several references to enemy small arms
and automatic weapons fire directed at all units of the five vote flotilla.
No connection to the famous Freedom Flotilla.
Thurlow won his own bronze star that day and the citation praises him for providing assistance to a damaged swiftboard
despite enemy bullets flying about him.
That's in his own citation.
How do you like that?
Liar, liar.
Your pants are on fire, Larry.
And all you other farbicin are going out there.
It's just shocking.
And let me ask you a one further question about all these things.
Yeah.
What does Vietnam have to do with anything now anyway?
Oh yeah, right.
See, even if he didn't, even if there wasn't gunfire, which there was, but even if there wasn't, at least he was there.
Right.
He signed up, he didn't have to.
He enlisted, nobody had to drag him kicking and screaming.
He enlisted, he went voluntarily.
He showed some balls, big ones.
As opposed to our draft-aging vice president, four times he was five.
Otherwise occupied.
Five times, I'm sorry.
And of course our AWOL president who pulled some strings just like he's quoted to say in the movie in Fahrenheit,
pulled some strings from daddy and his friends, some connections to get into the good national guards
that are putting his life on the line.
And then he couldn't even show up when he was supposed to.
What a joke.
How is it possible to be so stupid?
It's right there in front of you.
And I'm going to tell you one of the main reasons.
The main reasons that the public is this stupid.
The media is sick and they caught bad news.
It's unconscionable.
You, Gray Robertson, there's that Wolf Krupp, a blitzkrieg right now.
You studied this over a mess.
You studied this, you idiot.
You not see bastard.
You bearded jerk.
You jackass.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
So the other pull lines up with Hank edging out Rick and Suds.
But Rick and Suds still pretty popular with our audience.
I'd be telling you that right now.
And of course if we put Rick and Suds on, oh my god, can you hear the gnashing, the sports and very jackass.
And Jim Sarny would be running around with picket signs outside the building there.
The sports nerds would be peeing at, oh one other call I heard on Moby of the day.
One that were like four or five.
I did listen for about five minutes.
Because he was ripping for Elle, which I thought was really a stab in a back.
Guy calls up to ask, and this is what sent me diving to the other room.
Guy calls him up to ask him about how come the dolphins on third and third and third three did such and such in an exhibition game the other day.
I mean, is that incredible or what?
Talking about sports minutia in a meaningless exhibition game.
Anybody who is involved with this crack, that you definitely need a lobotomy man.
I have no life.
Give me a break.
Speak of the incredible.
Yes.
I've bowed gripping on the TV on Good Day Live.
Remember I just heard it.
Yes.
He has tripled in size.
Oh no, that's, and you want to know why because God is punishing her for bitching out our good friend Joe Castello.
Oh, and Joe Castello, by the way, did you mention it?
Yes, indeed I did.
And I spoke to him yesterday about it.
Congratulations.
Nice going, Joe.
He's doing the NASCAR, the racing stuff on, is it XM or serious?
It's XM, on XM radio.
So you've got EC as we speak, broadcasting from there.
Excellent.
So, see, here's another guy that escaped QAM.
And of course, you remember those days when Greg was saying, oh, I want to bring back Joe Castello with Moe and him.
And I'll Greg, you talk so much crap.
Man, in fact, send Greg read out for lunch.
You'll probably go straight to Burger King after he finishes with a sushi place to go to Burger King for some of them anus burgers.
No, seriously, that's just specialty.
Crap.
He's the crap master.
Well, let's see, speaking of crap, let's take a look at that presidential poll.
Not the greatest choice in the world, that's for damn sure.
36 votes on there in a very first flash.
Well, we got a big respawn.
We had over 500, was that correct over 500 votes on that first poll?
Yeah.
And we only came out like 10 minutes ago.
By the way, anything else, Robin?
That's right.
That's, seriously, I just, I, I, and you didn't, I'm sure you wouldn't know you did here because you said you were in the car.
You would take the airport part, right?
And the show on Tuesday, I don't know about Monday because I didn't hear it.
But the show on Tuesday was so unbelievable because we kept having a satellite to promise which by the way, the good news is the ABC people said us a whole bunch of new stuff and the satellite is been just a couple of dropouts.
I guess this morning, I'm told, right?
But between the beliefs and then the dropouts and Tommy's heavy metal music that kept coming on over, it was, I'm surprised we don't have 85,000 right to life of protesters marching outside our building because it was the biggest abortion known to mankind.
We didn't, unbelievable.
Anything else?
President of the pool, if the election were right now, would you vote for 38 votes, carry 31, Bush 4.
I can't vote in that eligible one. I won't vote one and later one.
You people out there, I know there's a hell of a lot more than one.
You people are going to vote for a native again. I'm telling you right now, if you go to bed with a conscience after you cast that vote, man, it's got to be a miracle.
You've got to be some kind of a moron.
Look yourself in a mirror and say, why am I going to throw away my vote on some staggy old fart?
We are the only strangers, we are the only strangers, mornings and we did.
What solid was around the clock, the final six and three days away?
The problem is, I'm the only child, they're fine.
The evidence that we can always use.
Times up!
Legalized gay Americans, gay, plain, TV shows, gay, TV, and television.
It's the end of the world.
If you're a homophobic or a Republican, it's coming to a desire and possibly a family near you.
Gay after tomorrow.
There's a shadow where the homosexuals coming at you right now. There's woman right.
Quick on, the hell worth.
Oh my God, this is the entire life of the drama!
The legalization of gay men is sweeping across the planet.
Conon us after Conon us. Nation after nation.
State after state.
Well just one state so far, but that's just the beginning.
Sir, sir, everywhere! My job! The government!
Oh my God! Look at the living!
Sir, even in here one car show!
Starting years ago with Ellen DeGeneres.
Now it's a homophobic event of global proportions.
It's the epic saga of one man's desperate struggle to prevent the whole world from becoming gay.
Or tell her waiting anyone who feeds.
George W. Bush stars in the biggest blackbuster from the summer.
Gay after tomorrow.
Be there when it comes out and feeders this summer.
Coast Guarding the former governor of New Jersey, I believe.
How come so many Arab smells so bad?
14 to 1. 14 to 1?
Yeah!
Oh no, come on.
Somebody's dealing with my clock.
What's your what?
Clock. Oh.
That's what does it.
Welcome.
Now let's take a look at this new poll.
This one is going to take some time.
It'll be on there like, you know, the rest of the day overnight.
So they don't have any big hurry on this one.
The other one they had a deadline till 1230.
And they wanted to get their licks in.
Okay, so we had over 500 votes on that.
Shocking.
Presidential poll, which of course is much less important than who's going to be on any afternoon on QAM.
John Kerry out of 94 votes, 76, 80, 48%.
The Bush mice, they're 11, 11 fools out there who never met a Nazi that they didn't love.
Bush has got 11, that's 11.7%.
I won vote three, Nader three, and I can't vote not eligible, George.
Right?
Right.
That's your vote.
I knew that was you because we only got one.
George, we're loved to vote several times, many, many times.
My dead brother's going to vote.
I got hit by the doubt.
He's dead brother's going to vote 20 or 30 times.
My mother's going to be voting many times.
Make no mistake about it.
5670560, pound 5660 on a AT&T in Verizon, World of Slime.
Look at that phone, baby.
These people are full of it, aren't they?
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah, I just wanted to say that the presidential election I'm not going to vote for.
John Kerry or Bush, but I'm going to vote for Dominic in Happily.
What do you think I?
Yeah, definitely, definitely, boys.
You know what he was really trying to say?
No.
Don't you remember the inevitably boys?
Oh, see, I didn't know that last day.
Yeah.
Fats, so probably most of our insins, you fats, how about you?
Josh didn't see Fats, so.
Now, good movie.
You might like it.
You think he'd like it?
He might.
Well, you're not a fat person, although you probably, well, you're worker-minded, hell of a lot of fat people.
I think you'd like it.
Dom Delries and Mancroft, she wrote it, she produced it, she directed it.
She's great.
In fact, one of the great lines in a whole movie was when she said,
Do eight, the only.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and everything else too.
Yeah.
Anthony, there was a kid's name, right?
Right, the whole piece of the birthday cake that had the ONY.
Yep.
The ONY.
You ate the only.
It's that great movie that you've got to be there.
And then a woman in the store, when he's offering the, the, the, the, the, the, as you know, that is...
Nah, maybe.
Ah, yeah, I'll take it.
It was great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, let's go.
Let's get the show on the road.
You people are way behind us, man.
Do I sound like I'm really whipped up into a frenzy like I'm on Doggy Uppers or something?
You're rust.
Well, because we are.
Oh, speaking of rush.
Well, what a shame about KDKA Draft and Rush for the anxious, lowly rated Bill O'Ryla.
That is, that should show you that Rush is maybe popped a few too many.
He's on the way out.
WDQA, and hello.
Hey, Neil.
I can hear it now.
The Russian Guldi Show.
Yes, sir.
How the Russian Guldi Show, great.
Hey, ah, thank you.
Congratulations, Dave Strater.
We're, uh, we're good.
Getting into one of the better organizations in sports.
You heard about that, I'm sure.
No, I did not.
I don't want to.
Dave Strater.
Well, he's your new, uh, he's picking up for Jeff Herman.
He was announced yesterday.
Oh, Dave Strater would, uh, talk to his teeth, uh, oh, I can't stand him.
Well, we've got to remember to him.
So, I guess, well, first of all, I ain't going to be any season anyway,
so I wouldn't be worried about it any time real soon.
That's true.
I guess he had no other choice.
Seeing that he has been, it's cutting their games back in half.
So he was the third guy with ESPN.
So, I'm not a big fan of his.
He was the red wings announced before he went to ESPN.
Right.
Well, I just want to give you that better news.
And, uh, Greg still hate you.
Okay, thanks.
And the feeling is, well, I wouldn't say I hate him.
I just, um, I'm embarrassed.
I'm humiliated and degraded for him.
He's just such a, uh, man, such an oozing piece of vermin.
56670560, pound 560.
Here's line 9, WQA, hello.
Yeah, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'm not there, my boss.
Okay.
Those are always my favorite WQA, hello.
566, WQA60.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to make you calm down.
Go right ahead.
Hello.
Sounds just like you.
What's that?
I said, it sounds just like you.
Um, I'm going to say, uh, you're, uh, sidekick.
Sidekick?
Yeah, there's the sidekick on the show.
Yeah.
Um, he does a really good job when you're not there.
Right, he's great.
Yeah.
That's all.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
You do a really good job.
I'm not there.
I don't know if he has a name or not, but I know.
Really good job when I'm not here.
Kind of scared me.
What do you mean by that?
I don't know.
He's really, uh, I don't know.
Not usual.
But I'll make his, uh, interesting.
You maybe he'd like to get to know you a little bit better.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the 18 and T for eyes, wide, little spots, almost one o'clock.
Oh, man.
Holy moly, rat man.
The seat ain't even warm.
Presidential pool.
Who are you full?
120 vote.
Carry 99.
Bush 13.
That's only 10.8% for the Bushmeister.
Nader 4.
I vote 3.
And I can't vote not eligible.
Four little George.
Don't you feel like left out?
Yeah.
Well, you know, what do you mean?
I mean, there's 120 votes over it and you're the only one all alone.
Everyone I get like an 80 in citizenship, I won't be able to vote anyway either.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Now, I'm fully integrated with all you people, the normal people against this, um, crazy
business we got going on.
I'm a local businessman.
I want to tell you something.
I have employees that make about 30 grand a year.
And about 30, man.
About 30.
And they, um, you know, when they had, they came to me last year, oh, we're getting this tax
break.
We're getting this tax break.
It's wonderful.
Let me tell you something.
I do my own taxes.
And the difference on their paychecks, the withholding taxes, $1.
Mm-hmm.
$1.
Wow.
And at the end of the year, maybe a $200 thing.
So they got about $250 a year.
These people that are struggling at 30 grand a year.
And I read somewhere where you made $1 million a year, your tax break was $750,000.
Totally disgusting.
Well, wait a minute.
If you made $1 million, your tax break was $750,000?
Yeah.
No.
$75,000.
I'm sorry.
$75,000.
$75,000.
That's right.
I'm getting excited.
I'm going to start getting excited too.
I mean, this is just shame.
And another thing, there's, I don't know if you know anything about business, but what
you do have a, there's a deduction that you can take right off the top of your tax as a
business owner.
Right.
Called the section 179.
And one, I two years ago, it was $14,000, I think.
The year before this was $24,000.
And this year, for last year's tax, it went up to $200,000.
That's basically short, easy money.
That's money that you can buy whatever you want with and take it without having to depreciate
the value of that item.
In other words, it's free money for the rich.
Right.
Discuss that.
Well, unless you're rich or a fundamentalist right wing, religious nut, why in the world would
anybody vote for these Nazis?
That's my question.
I don't know.
I don't know, but I'm doing okay.
I'm comfortable.
But I just hate to see the, you know, the people in those, people who are making less money
get squashed like this.
And, oh, God.
And the people are voting for him.
The ones that are getting squashed.
Scary.
Now, that's the scariest part.
Why would you be the last to get this?
Maybe the last to get punished.
Good luck to Pally.
I'll see you at the poll.
Thank you.
All right.
See, it's a big poll.
We'd see George at the poll, but he can't vote because he's an illegal alien.
567-0560.
Maybe we can bring alien back to vote, sounds good.
And Sister Jean, the dancing machine.
Did she die or die dream that?
Uh, she didn't die.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Sister Jean, the other person.
I think maybe she died.
Huh?
I can't believe that you don't know whether she died or not.
She died?
Well, that's what I'm thinking.
Josh is Google it or right now.
Google up the old sister Jean.
What was your last name?
Jean McLaughlin.
Oh, Laughlin.
Jean McLaughlin.
Oh, Laughlin.
Sounds awfully Irish to me.
You want to say about the Irish?
WDQA, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Great.
All right.
Did you know that in the morning, many of the burgers?
You're too chronic.
I don't want to talk to you.
I know.
I can't handle his voice.
He's just annoying.
He's the one thing to be chronic, but it's not a thing to be chronic with an annoying voice.
You just, man, you need to get a voice transplant.
You can get somebody to give you a new box.
Because there must be, he must have a learning site.
Don't you agree?
I mean, you don't have to agree.
I just find him unacceptable.
I'm not playing that game anymore.
Okay.
If you want to find your, get yourself a room with the holiday in.
Rent like a little one of those conference rooms.
Get about 15 year old best friends and enemies and pick up some strangers on the street corner.
Put them in there and you can do a show for them.
I'm not interested in chronic's, okay?
Whether it's one from a little Havana, whether it's that laughing idiot, a hyena that calls you all the time.
See, and let me, let me straighten that once and for all, okay Gilbert?
It isn't sure that don't want you on a show.
It's me.
It's yours truly.
I wouldn't want you on if you paid me a million dollars a second.
I paid you a simple, then you idiot.
So put on a Scoopy of Google Glass of yours and get lost.
Doesn't he have Google-Eyes?
Yeah, two of them.
Maybe he's got Betty Davis on.
He's going home to Pope bottle glasses.
Kasmus Macho, Gilbert or Betty Davis.
Something to think about.
How's that poll coming?
Who would you vote for if you had a chance to vote right now?
Boy, if I had a chance, I'd vote over and over again while I weren't looking.
169 votes, carry 132, 78.1%, voice 23, 13.6%, I won vote 6,
5, 5, 3%, that could swing it.
Man, double the box of rocks you need are people.
Stubborn, dumb, and you know who they're just like?
Who?
Nader.
Hello there.
His name is Ralph.
He's a spoiler.
He caused a gore the election.
Now he's back.
George pushes that and carry his net.
He's like you get run by the growth.
He is afraid he might run to vote.
But all of my friends with rings in their nose,
say he really like his rock full close.
He is rough in her boy.
He is a proper joy and that is good enough for me.
He's on a Twitter page.
Too bad he can't win the race and that could do for the G.O.P.
He is rough in her boy.
He does have too little to expo for the two major parties.
All of my friends will go for him again.
Because he's safe that and he's seen.
He is rough in her boy.
He is a proper joy and that is good enough for me.
I know he does dribbles.
That's what I'm here in 102 and 560 WQA.
Now here's the facts is brilliant.
Good afternoon Neil.
Is it possible that one day you can hold a pool for the latest jobs held?
Government, City, County and Federal State.
Thank you.
Will the answer is no.
Next question.
Or is that boring or what?
The leziest job.
How about this one?
Is everybody the one to two hours?
Oh yeah.
We won't are you?
Yeah.
But I'm thinking of myself what we ought to do in this hour since I got several
bedtime stories here that I have to get to.
I was just maybe doing this hour, not every day,
but some days when I got a pile of stuff here.
And you can just say anything else Neil?
Yeah.
I'll put it on a recording on a drive.
Right.
Anything else Neil?
Anything else Robin?
Anything else?
Anybody else we can thank?
Anybody else we can promote?
Oh yeah.
Look for the QMVAN 5-7 of the ATD2RL A&H house.
Stop by for prizes and specials on President De Beer.
That was a good question though about how come we can play the burping sounds,
but we can't play the fart sounds.
That is so stupid.
Correct them.
The big OOO!
Oh well go to Burger King.
I guarantee you'll fart a lot.
From those famous anus burgers.
The big OOO will be broadcasting live tonight 7-10-V Hooters on Pines and University
stuff.
I do when prizes and enjoy specials on President De Beer.
Now here's the fact that says and it's an interesting point.
Frustrating but interesting and a good valent one.
Says Neil or George?
You may have been discussing this, but I works so I may have missed it.
Well this is guys that he works as opposed to most of the audience who say,
I have no life.
Please explain what I'm hearing in the morning during the Howard Stern Show.
So the electronic dropout every 60 seconds is that a satellite issue or is that WQM dumping
words.
It's awful.
Well let me just answer by saying, and how can Greg Reed record a western show with local
spots and promos during the show?
Now see I don't understand that.
Have you heard that?
Are they talking about the filler?
Like what we used to fill?
It says it's wrong here.
Let me finish.
Do the steering people know this is happening?
Yesterday at 9.30 in the middle of a conversation WQM broke in with spots.
It says Greg you could f up a wet dream and this is what you're going to do.
Don't bother you Jackass.
Can Greg break into a dolphins game during a play?
I can hear it now.
Moe.
Third and 10 dolphins on the Jets 45 trailing by 7.30 minutes left in the fourth quarter.
David Friedwood takes the step.
Drops back to past doors on field.
Hi, this is Steve Goldstein.
Time to talk about S.Y.C. roof cleaners.
Yeah, or time to talk about something like that.
That's a good point.
I heard somebody else mention that but since I don't listen and plus I couldn't hear it any.
I don't know.
Could I hear it?
We'll have to research that.
Yeah, we'll have to do some research in Georgia.
Let's you know tomorrow.
Just exactly how badly they're screwing it up.
Oh, we wanted it so bad but let's do everything we possibly can just a butchering and destroy it
and make it like a piece of Swiss cheese.
Just full of holes Greg, you idiot.
Who would you vote for if the election were today for president?
Take 211 votes.
See, they're not nearly as excited about this as they were the other one.
Not even close.
John Kerry, 170, 70, 80%.
The Bush mustard, 25, 11.3%.
I won't vote nine.
Nator six, 2.7% the most stubborn, the most foolish, idiotic.
What's the point?
See, can you answer that question for me?
What is the point?
Ego.
We were talking about that a lot lately.
Oh, massive ego.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Nator six and I can't vote now.
We'll see.
You got some company now.
There's this foe.
Four of you have been in a boat.
Maybe some young people will wait until I vote.
Yeah, but I doubt that.
Not this crowd.
Somebody QA and hello.
QA and?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I tried to listen to the house and the spa and he came on, right?
Talking about he's so tired and sleepy.
The show is horrible.
It's really, really bad.
Greg, you're enjoying it.
Thank you.
We like it.
Yeah, listen to it.
What we like it.
We like that it's there.
Oh, God.
Do I like it?
You have you can't.
It's already like almost like a 10 after one break.
This is, this is almost like, this is as close as you can come to not working as possible.
Right?
Right.
I mean, we smoothed a little bit before the show.
We're going to be doing a lot less smoothing by the way because I can actually sleep later now.
Right.
And I don't think he's ever going to be off the air before 1030.
I would now maybe some of the steering people can tell us we had so much bull crap there when I was asking that before the first show.
I remember.
I mean, nonsense.
Well, he's generally the latest.
The ever goes up 1045.
And then right out of the box is like 10 after 11 that day that you were on.
You're looking 15 on Tuesday.
1045 yesterday because you don't like you anyway wanted to punish you.
And right at 11 o'clock today.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, that's all we can say.
WDQA and Ho.
I'd like to talk to you.
Speaking.
Yeah, how are you doing today?
Sensational.
Sensational.
I was listening to your poll results.
And fortunately, I haven't had a chance to get on computer and vote on that one.
Question for you.
What is your very son or is it?
I'm sorry.
Question.
Go ahead.
I thought it was Gary.
I was wondering when you're sitting there waiting for Howard Stern and his show.
What do you do?
Just sit there and twitle your thumbs and wait for the time for the second string or what?
No, George.
Yeah, the second string.
George and I are talking.
We're, uh, shmuzin a little bit.
And then Josh.
Just clapping over.
You're kind of checking them out.
Yeah, right, right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18.
That's one of Stern's people.
Typical.
Go back to the Eurico cashmuck.
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM.
By the way, it's kind of hard to check it out by a long distance.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Yes, sir.
What happened at YOLLY?
Is he still on the payroll?
Yeah, he's another one on the payroll if we're doing nothing, man.
We got more people getting paid for doing nothing than you here.
It could shake your thing out.
And does that say nothing written about all the 80 sports funds?
Yeah, how do you like the great job that the local media is doing on all these,
that's for this tremendous, uh, uh, change over and turn over and, you know,
get a couple of words here and bury Jackass and Jim Sarni writes a few words.
And he's all whipped up into a frenzy because the ESPN is doing their sports on 790.
And your roses are going to be on over there, which we love Job.
And the stu-gotts, you know, I mean, stu-gotts is a good guy.
But anybody excited about stu-gotts being on it?
Your needs mental health, Sarni.
You're an idiot.
You're a simpleton.
You're a moron.
A lot of morons around, you know?
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
So many morons and so little time.
British say US gave terror suspects ahead of them.
Remember I said this, uh, the day after I came back from the vacation for a show?
They were foaming at the mouth across the sea.
And that's just on a good day.
A counter-terror operation that started in Pakistan last month and rippled through the US,
culminated in Britain Wednesday when eight suspects appeared in court charge with involvement in an alleged terrorist plot.
The eight arrested earlier this month on the basis of intelligence gleaned from the rest in Pakistan
faced charges, conspiracy, demurder, and use hazardous materials because disruption or harm,
significantly one was also charged with possessing reconnaissance plans of several public buildings in the US,
including the New York Stock Exchange and the International Monetary Fund.
On the surface, the developments suggest successful coordination of international counter-terror efforts
a pair of suspected al-Qaeda-linged pins are nabbed in Pakistan, a few megabytes of intelligence retreat
from a computer point to a conspiracy and several plotters.
The US raises its terror alert and warns the public that British police encountered terror at units swoop.
But intelligence experts say that privately there is great concern that the operation was jeopardized by US public pronouncements
that were made before the British suspects were even apprehended.
For reasons not so far satisfactory they explained, well of course it's all political, we know that,
even though time reads that there's no room for politics in the Homeland Security Department,
but the president is doing such a sensational job, which is why we can give you this information.
For reasons not so far satisfactory they explained, the US authorities decided to broadcast specific intelligence material
upon which they must have known a vitally important future U.K. arrest operation would be based
since Charles Schubert, the former British counter-terrorism intelligence officer in Abbasin, London.
The broadcast would have inevitably compromised that operation and by implication the actual security of the US itself.
The broadcast was made on August 1 by Homeland Security Secretary Tom Bridget, two days before the Britons were arrested.
Mr. Bridget said the intelligence from Pakistan indicated that al-Qaeda was targeting several buildings including
IMF and World Bank Financial Financial in New Jersey and City Group in the NYSE in New York.
Significantly the charges level that one of the Britons in court on Wednesday mentioned exactly the same buildings.
The implication Mr. Schubert says is that the suspect would have been startled by Mr. Bridget's pronouncements,
alerting them that the net was closing.
As a result subsequent arrest were dramatic and dangerous, police remained tight-lip to about the case of a minute
that they swooped in earlier than planned because Tom Bridget's got a big mouth and because here,
whether it's your life, your safety, whatever it is, it's all about politics.
You will listen to new Roger Hems, who looks into the R5668 or QAM.
Howard David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
She's finally so alien out.
Looks like they're like a rose guy.
Snips from the body, no bones.
Bobbrew push at body, fell, man eyes, the lover eyes not bow.
It happened when she realized she raised four grandlins of clouds.
Bobbrew push at body, fell, man eyes.
And she kissed me, old and cracked me.
And she lied four times, said that she kissed a trolley.
And she saw bricks, no one else said they were no boys.
What's like he's carrying him a bullet hole between her thighs and eyes, but he tells me now.
She doesn't need to walk.
I bet she always was blind.
She wiggle when she talks.
The lover of push at body, fell, man eyes.
She gave us your sport and she pushed not so bad, she's being wild and fresh.
She'll be rich and fat and smells just like the magic sauce.
I'll spend my time.
Bobbrew voice, we never saw him as for nine on a fair day with Marty Telly-Nah.
17, 5, 60, WNC, anything else?
I love that song, by the way.
Oh, it says one of my favorites.
That one in Bible Goli, the two of them just send me an orbit.
By the way, both of you don't get to panic.
Your stuff will be out in the mail today.
Here's a fact that says there is some hope.
Thank the Lord for that.
My neighbor who has and always will be a staunch conservative Republican is now permanently displaying.
Carrie Edwards, bumper stickers in all three of his cars.
Not only that, he has a three by five foot son in this front yard.
According to him, Bush and Cheney especially Cheney have abandoned all conservative principles of a smaller government
and foreign policy for oil, money and fascist, not conservative principles.
Fair night, nine level was the last straw.
This from a man who was a vocal supporter of Pat Robertson in 2000.
So there is hope.
A wrap.
Says the corporate times stealing we say.
Thank you so much.
Excellent.
Pray to Jesus.
Pray is the Lord.
56670560, although I do have something else.
Is there anything else?
My Sheldon drawbony.
Okay.
You don't say it right though.
Anything else, Neil?
I'll practice.
Anything else, Neil?
Sheldon drawbony, a CPA inventor capitalist, is co-founder of Air America Radio.
And he writes this.
Beep the press.
I better chew this thing up.
I mean, somebody had a reason to play this again.
He says, I'm writing this piece with a full knowledge that will never be published in any major newspaper or broadcast outlet.
As the co-founder of Air America Radio, I'm hopeful that our network will pick up this and pass the word around.
Well, guess what Sheldon, I picked it up and it's on our website.
The movie network was made in the 70s and was very prophetic about what news departments are now doing in broadcast media especially television.
In that movie, the news division of a fictional TV network was taken over by the corporate heads.
Prior to that, the news division had a Chinese wall separating their activities in budget from general corporate control.
This was necessary to provide independent reporting for the news division, but one of the network's newscasters Howard Beale had literally gone crazy and become a subject of a great entertainment while he was broadcasting the news.
In spite of his insanity, the network continued to use him because their ratings went through the roof.
The head of the news division played by William Holden was fired and there never was to be a Chinese wall again separating news from corporate control.
Network has now become the standard for news in America and it's destroying our democracy.
America is now being terrorized every day by the corporate media that profits from such cheap and heartless use of reporting news to the public.
And in doing this, they're not reporting the truth about the world, this nation and the current administration.
They're now aligned exactly with the government interest to keep the public terrorized so as to control the people more effectively.
The corporate media sells more advertising, makes more money and is now the lackdog of the powerful and elite in government.
The current administration has used the press as effectively as was done in Nazi Germany in spite of our constitutional government.
There's no need for a dictatorship. There is no competition that can effectively enter the media market to prevent this stranglehold onto the dissemination of news in America.
Although air-America has started providing real discourse and alternative news in America, there's only one way to make the corporate owned media change and Howard Beale the crazy anchor man in network gave us the words to do it.
Sheldon Dropney says I want everyone to go to their windows, open them and scream out.
Or words to that effect. Since we can't all do that at the same time, there is an effective way to fight the media and demand news that is useful, informative and somewhat independent.
People who are upset with these media giants have to stop watching them until they change, get your families together and start talking to each other, read books or listen to CDs and alternative forms of entertainment, read or buy videos, watch the History Channel or the Food Channel.
Do anything but not watch CBS, NBC, ABC, Fox, CNN, MSNBC, you ready? They're affiliates. I think they already took them up on the MSNBC part.
It's a very small sacrifice to save your country, our fighting men and a rack of sacrifice, their lives, limbs and families to fight this illegal war, then independent media could have prevented.
It's a very small sacrifice, but if you really care and participate, the media giants will have no choice but to change.
They'll be on their knees begging for the liberals that they demonize so much to start watching again.
And the liberal audience is the most lucrative for the networks in spite of how terrible we're treated, the audiences, the John Stuart David Letterman group, the networks are so hungry to get.
The Republicans always try to lure the African-American vote by saying that the Democrats take their vote for granted.
Well liberals, let's tell the media that they're demonizing us and taking us for granted.
Let them start appealing to us instead of the bigots and racists that they think are so important to their survival.
I'm convinced that this will work because all major media companies are only profit driven.
Let's organize and pick a week to stop watching the networks.
All the liberal and progressive media groups should have a solidarity campaign, much like the unions do when they go up against industry giants such as the auto industry.
We could all protest in every major city with signs that say, or as mad as hell, that's the only way we can get them where it hurts so that networks will stop at last biting the hand that feeds them.
So let's not fight the administration in their own briar patch.
We have to accept the fact that the way to get these rats out is to attack the media, attacking the administrations in ways that time, if they can still control the media,
control of the media is the only way that a government can survive.
Now it's time for the people to have an intervention against the corporate media, not their constitutional government of buy and for weed the people.
Pretty good article by Sheldon Drobney.
They have good articles.
Yeah, that's right, if his network is as good as the article he'd be kicking ass.
But anyway, don't mess the Al Franken show, he's pretty exciting.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
You know, an interesting thing about the Stern people like that call we had about a half hour ago.
Yeah.
It's the same thing, it's all part of the same ego, you know.
There's nobody else on the air, nobody else is any good.
No, even though the guys listening though, of course, right, and I guess only by accident, what do you do for the hour?
Like we must be listening and enjoying it.
The fact that we got Josh Chakortis in there serving the punishment, right?
Because he's a dude.
He's ran his dues by being forced to listen so we get some idea when the hell they're going to get done already when you can come on the year.
And we were busy talking and paying no attention to it.
I hate to break the news to you, sir.
560 here on the second string.
It's fine with us to get paid this kind of money for doing this kind of a show.
No problem at all, Pally, no sweat at all, no ego on this show.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
I just heard this in the story.
I was just watching the news on the other.
They're telling me that they were showing a two cop's got shot from this guy who was...
Ten of file.
Ten of file.
Who was a pedophile?
Right.
So what happened?
He just came right in and they just torn the house and he just happened to a shot him right there?
Well, I mean, it's on the...
I read it on the SunCendle, but it just happened this morning.
I can't give you all the details.
Oh, okay.
But I'm...
I've just heard a two cop's got shot though.
That was the reason.
Right.
Why one of them is dead?
One of them is dead?
I'm pretty sure.
I'll detect the story out again.
Somebody's dead.
567, 0560.
Do you see it?
No, but Sister Jean is not dead.
Oh, Sister Jean is not dead.
She can't be tired.
That's the story.
Can I play that?
Can I play that?
Play the way you have to believe.
We got to believe.
One VSO deputy killed, like I just said,
one wounded in Lauderdale, Kitty Porn raid.
One Broward chair soft as deputy was killed,
another wounded while working with a Kitty Porn task force trying to search a service search warrant this morning.
A suspect is in custody police and Fire Rescue official said.
I mean, of course, with our fast news resources here at QAM,
this guy expressed me to have all the information and details on that.
Wouldn't you think?
No, I don't think.
I mean, now that we actually have more than one show on here
than this is just a sports show,
you think we're going to have any news?
Oh, that's right.
Robert gives us the news.
I forgot.
Is there anything else?
Oh, sure.
Commercials.
How many QA and Hello?
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, man?
Pretty good.
Hey, listen, I know I'm happy for you.
You know, you get to do less work and still get the same thing.
And I'm not a Howard Sun listener,
but I'm a listener of yours.
And the whole thing, the thing that obsessed me about this whole field,
because you know, even though I like him, I can change the channel.
But he just obsessed me that he just runs on as long as he wants.
You know what I mean?
And there's no same time that you come on.
Yeah.
So I mean...
I was saying that to George before the show today.
I mean, I'm happy to be working less.
But for example, if you have a favorite TV show,
which was George's point yesterday, how would it be if you had no idea what time it came on?
If you had to keep turning.
I mean, how many people would actually be watching it if they never knew what time it started?
Yep.
And that's the thing that's different a lot of your fans are up there going like Howard,
because we're waiting for you and we keep flashing back and forth.
Yeah.
We've been here.
See, the way that this was done was a total lack of respect for the listeners of this program.
I mean, I could give it a crack place, but for the audience that we've gotten $1 over seven years,
just a total lack of respect I grig read for the Neil Rogers audience, which says, why?
Yeah.
And between 10 and 11 o'clock, I keep flipping back and forth,
and I keep hearing anything else rather than for an whole hour.
Anything else?
Yeah. All right.
How would you say...
Keep flipping it, Pali.
26 after 1 at 5, 60.
WDQM over the years, I've told you about Chuck Alphier,
and his patent and hair system.
Charles Alphier is the best in the business.
For over 35 years, he's providing amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually
100% iron detectable.
And right now he's introducing the very latest development and hair restoration.
See what I just did?
That's all right.
We'll work on that.
I took care of it.
It's called the New Laser Light Therapy Treatment.
It's used for treating fine and thinning hair.
This new treatment that's empty, issued at five restores hair and scalp factor with healthier state,
while increasing hair-shap density and volume.
The New Laser Light Therapy and its cool light laser device is affected by both men and women,
and is a painless non-emvasive treatment that is completed about a half an hour.
Charlie and his staff have witnessed dramatic results with the new system that impedes hair fall out
for those with fine and thinning hair.
So stop thinking that by some kind of miracle, your thinning hair is just going to stop falling into the sink to shower on the floor
and give Charlie a call or more about this exciting New Laser Light Therapy Treatment,
and how it can solve your thinning hair problem.
You really can change your life.
Call him today, toll free.
There's no obligation.
Call 1-800-321-2413 and get some hair back.
1-800-321-2413, run at WickedWeb at CharlesNfiary.com.
Your decision means a Roger's.
Listen, I'm a taxi driver.
I'm a UAM.
Feel Roger's got.
I'm dying of a hand.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
We have a yellow knife of this life.
182-560-WDQA.
And we got the Mad Dogs, you're Mad Dog today.
We'll see you on yesterday.
Yeah, because two days in a row.
Oh, right.
Well, let's hear a demand is really putting it to the test.
And then of course we got, and let me say it again, if you check the QM website,
it now says the Hank Goldberg show for December, which it seems to matter.
That's an end of that program.
This last time I told him, plus he's not all rejoins the hammer.
We got Mohawar David and...
No, no, no, no, no, no.
He's filling in, doing his best, which you'll hear what that is.
Then we got the big ol' and who does Pember 5, 7, and 10 along with that president
they beer in the prices and crap.
Curtis and Len, that should be something to stay up and already go two in the morning for.
When you think Curtis even soon does a fine job.
And when he marters, you can't speak five words.
Good guy, but he has got feet.
The parents want winning is all about winning.
He's the best.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
I'd like to speak to the real homo, that'd be George.
Yeah.
Broken jokes.
Hello, George.
I mean, Reverend George.
Yes, sir.
567-0560.
Was that really him?
He sounded like him.
That was it.
Are you sure?
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a time for your listeners to check you in, man.
1045 AM.
Yeah.
That's a good time.
How was very, really off before 1030?
Thank God.
Almost never after 11.
Almost never.
But you know, almost never.
He's been on the station for four days and two days after 11.
I've been at the hour for about seven years now.
Right.
And usually, a quarter to 11.
Damn it.
Yeah.
I was thinking that two days you were sitting in station 1115.
That sounds like a real winner to me.
No, no, no.
1045.
Okay.
If your listeners check in, they'll have a 15.
They're going to miss quite a video show.
Well, at least 30 minutes of your show.
Let's play that.
But third, man.
Okay, Kelly.
Thanks.
Thanks for having me.
Thanks, everyone.
So there's the video.
Just like we used to say on S.U.A. and check back with us.
So you know later on, maybe you'll find something you like.
Check back with us.
Just, uh.
Put it on.
You can hear the difference.
Put it on the background.
Right.
Anything else?
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Red Reade is ruining QA.
Oh, yeah.
Anything else, right?
Oh, no.
He just started.
He just got warmed up with the first game a couple of years ago.
Now he's really in a high gear, man.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
WQAM, hello.
Police.
WQAM, hello.
Hola.
When is he?
Nice talking to you.
WQAM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Good.
I think the thing with Howard's son is Greg Reed needs to realize is
that he's a real show.
He can't interrupt a show like that.
He's a real show.
What is that?
Well, Howard Scott, oh, yeah.
This is Reverend Jones' boyfriend.
That's why I thought.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Okay.
I gotta say something.
I came to the only one who feels this way, but I am so sick and tired of hearing Moha with David's voice in the afternoon.
Oh, totally, totally.
I feel like I should take a shower every time I hear him in the ass.
Fucking if you want clean, huh?
It's just, you give me the creeps.
Please bring back the hammer.
That's all I have to say.
Thank you.
While the poll, certainly the hammer and Rick and Stredsworth's just about tied right up there at the top,
has in shoulders above anybody, and weighed down at the bottom of the list of about 8 or 10 candidates we had on there,
was a moment guilty.
So evidently, the audience is not too happy.
They're revolting.
And of course, we've heard from some of them this today.
We've seen some of them.
283 votes for Scary John Carey for Herman Munster.
81.5%.
If we were holding elections today, 347 votes.
Now, you notice, let's see, how long we've been doing this one for about an hour.
That's not bad, but in an hour and very few minutes, hour 20 minutes,
we had like over 500 votes on the edge, right?
Show.
On the election thing, on a presidential election, which is nearly as important as who's on the radio.
Right.
Only 300 and some odd.
I mean, you know, we'll wind up with a lot of them on there by tomorrow.
352 votes.
Carried 286.
So 81%.
Bush is going to die, say, percent.
It's the money martensia.
So it's contagious.
Bush 40.
That's 11.3%.
Pretty weak.
I won't vote 12.
Nader 8.
2.2% of you hardasses out there.
I think those people ought to get a pretty significant, eat at Burger King up there in Orlando.
And try the ainus steak burger.
I think they can relate to it.
Now, I can't vote in that eligible sticks.
You see, you've got five pizons out there who also came in, probably on the same vote.
But I don't want to forget to play sister Jean, but I think there's something in it we can't play.
I think they say crap or a Schmidt or you do that, huh?
Or cock-a-poop.
Huh?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Let's play it.
I will play it after the break and we'll find out.
We'll just kind of use it.
Oh, there is, that's a GD.
That GD Cuban kid.
Oh, is that what it is now?
How is VD happy about you?
Well, you trust me.
I'll get that fast finger, man.
Right.
I'm a fast finger like the one I keep sending me away by a long distance.
See, these now come in.
It's great when you have people that have no idea who I am, who you are, what it's really all about.
It's fantastic.
Just welcome, welcome.
That's all we can say, okay?
Well, you know that somebody is holding a gun and you're headin' to the ocean and listen, but just enjoy it.
Somebody cue Am, hello?
I'm doing nail.
Okay?
Listen, I'll just give a heads up to George that on Friday, see, on Howard's show, they usually do a best off on August.
Well, what kind of crack is that?
Because they'll be, you know, some eradication or all that stuff.
Does that mean they have a turn?
Yeah, probably.
Oh, I can end it 10 probably.
It's gonna end it 10 tomorrow?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
So, there you go, you can be on it 10 tomorrow.
So, they do a best off if there's one thing I cannot state is a guy that doesn't show up for work every day, especially in the summertime, especially when they're really highly paid.
Yeah, I can't stand that.
Kind of garbage is that like some people are too good to work every day, even in the summertime and lazy sloppers.
Bastards.
Here are my daughters.
21 till 2 at 5.60 WQM, no forget mad dog will be here today at 2 o'clock.
Now, he didn't, I don't know, I heard the first couple of minutes of his show on Tuesday, and really too much to say.
Of course, he's only got the two hours, he wants to stick to the important stuff, the sports, okay?
The J.Feelers and the AJ feel, the Fili touchy feeling, whatever that guy's name is.
What is his name, Josh?
AJ.
AJ Fili.
Yeah.
Touchy?
Fili.
I hear he is a little fruity when I'm hearing.
That's what most of it.
D-d-d-d-dolly.
Hey, if we are what we eat then why don't we just eat better?
Well, the truth of the matter is that we are creatures of habit when it comes to eating, we don't want to give up the comfort foods, the things that we love, our taste buds basically rule our logic.
Now, for those zidians of you out there on low carb diets trying to lose weight, you know how hard it is to live without pizza.
So, if you're on one to low carb diets, cut and carbs cafe has got a great treat for you.
Cut and carbs cafe in sunrise is building up a big following for its multi-green pizza.
Their multi-green pizza is full of fiber and it delivers a great taste.
Imagine a pizza you can eat while still staying on a low carb diet.
It's all about their philosophy of good, low carbs.
Cut and carbs cafe understands you what's your self and kids to eat better.
So, how about eating a tasty pizza with fewer carbs and turning those carbs into lean muscle?
Give them a try, call them at 9.5.4.
5.14.001.
That's 9.5.4.
5.14.001.
You'll find them in the same place as Applebee's and off his depot out there in the sodgrass.
Call them today at 9.5.4.005.001.
1.5.14.001.
Cut and carbs cafe, they've also got fantastic way out.
Raps, so be salads, carbodias, all kinds of great goodies, even fat-free low carb ice cream too.
Jot this number down and soon you're going to be enjoying delicious pizza made fresh to order with low carbs, no less.
Don't delay, call them now at 9.5.4.001.
5.14.001.
That's 9.5.14.001.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, one in tummin' ancient meals sent you by.
Join us into meaningful, new Rogers, exclusively on 5.16.001.
Roger, come on.
I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
We both forgot.
We got an admitted diversion right there in my DCS.
It's a lot of solid.
Pretty good.
So if he's still alive, a little sister, Gene,
I wonder who she is doing these days, you think?
Don't say, don't say, Jenner, Reno.
I don't think she and Janet have gone their separate ways.
Janet got her a red pick-up.
By the way, one other thing I noticed at the Wibbine casino, a lot of dikes.
What is that all about?
They like to gamble, too.
Of course, a lot of the British and Canadian women, you know, they got those butch haircuts.
Right.
Well, plus the fact that there's so many...
I heard they like to slots a lot.
Anything else?
No, I said...
President Bush is...
I'm just going to escape right along, okay?
President Bush's full term effort to court Jewish-Americans has failed.
It's failed.
Boy!
According to a new poll that Joseph Trelling Center to John Kerry among those voters in the race for present by 53 percentage points.
This is the message from Jewish-American George W. Bush, Castle Hoist.
The work that the Bush administration has done over the last three years to reach out to Jewish voters has been largely unsuccessful.
Said, Polster, Annagreenburg, who conducted the poll for the National Jewish Democratic Council.
What better name could you have than Annagreenburg?
Mr. Kerry, the Democratic nominee, leads Bush 75 to 22 percent among Jewish voters.
That's 4 percentage points less than the 79 percent that exit polls that was won by the 2000 Democratic ticket of Al Gore and Senator Jew Lieberman.
Of course, it doesn't mention here how many goi-m they lost because Lieberman was on the ticket, especially in the South.
This comes despite Mr. Bush being what one Republican called the best friend that Israel has ever had in the White House.
This is a big deal and despite pursuing the other parts of political outreach such as an official White House manoral lighting ceremony and a Hanukkah party this past December.
I bet you even despondent the dreidel.
Can you see it?
Which end?
This also could set up an ironic double win because Polster, Mr. Kerry, also leading among Arab Americans as well, a big switch for Mr. Bush's overwhelming success with that block in 2000.
The new poll shows a different support from last year with an American Jewish council poll found Bush with 31 percent now it's just 22.
This won Democratic candidate Jimmy Carter 1980 is one less than 64 percent of the Jewish vote since exit polling posed the question beginning in 1972.
Of course, Jimmy Carter, he was a goi-shakup from Spain's Georgia, what do you expect, peanut farmer.
And Nixon, he was good for Israel, see a work back then, that's what they used to say, Nixon was good for Israel.
Now they find that the two topics that most use care about way above Israel is the economy in Iraq and war in terrorism.
How do you like that? What a concept.
Oi!
Let's have some more illegal settlements, what do you say?
560-750-560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line.
Here's our presidential poll so far we've got 400 votes for all one, it's not bad.
Well, huh?
In an hour and 45 minutes.
And by the way, it's almost two o'clock.
Anything else to deal with?
Oh yeah, Kerry's got 227 votes, 81.5 percent, Bush 46, 11.5 percent, I won vote 13, Nator 8, 1.9 percent.
I feel a little bit better because Nators got less than 2 percent, see what I'm saying?
I think, I don't know, I think he got, I better not say it because I could be wrong in like about 3 percent last time in Florida and 2.6 percent nationwide.
He didn't get much but he got enough to screw it all up, right?
Egotistical, pop-as-old, washed up ass, sent him to Orlando to that Burger King.
I think they have washed up ass there.
I hope they wash it.
I can't vote, I'm not eligible.
Not eligible.
7 including a George can't vote, which is he could, but we'll find a way.
My brother, absolutely.
For as a matter of fact, speaking of voting, with evidence mounting of plans for widespread vote rigging in Afghanistan's upcoming elections,
U.S. experts say the controversy could emerge as a serious liability for President W's re-election campaign.
After voter registration centers closed the car, Afghanistan and weekend, election officials acknowledged the number of voting cards issued,
far exceeded the estimated number of eligible voters, and that the illegal practice of multiple registrations is widespread.
Huh, wow, maybe even more crooked than Florida, but how could that be?
An Afghan election marked by allegations of fraud, but we bad for President Bush's overall claim of voting democracy, and the Muslim world said,
Haasan Hakani, an Afghan expert at the Washington-based Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, and the absence of good news from Iraq,
the Bush administration needs Afghanistan as a success story, but with seven weeks to go before the October 9th poll, they've discovered that the practice of multiple registrations is rife.
Observeers also claim the groundwork necessary for a free and free election, security, reconstruction, political stability, has not been established in Afghanistan, and that the U.S. hurriedly pushed the country into elections to further its own agenda.
It's that homosexual agenda, or no, in their case, the anti-homosexual agenda.
The U.S. wants, before the November elections, to showcase the victory of the Bush administration by proving it's possible to bring democracy to an Islamic third world country,
and that Afghan, don't you love all these names? Nobody has any idea what these names are.
An Afghan historian and author based in Washington, and if American voters grant George Bush a new mandate, his administration will reproduce the same successful model in Iraq, that's why there's so much hurry.
There's a lot of multiple registering UN spokesperson Manuel Dael, me, a silver figures today, whatever his name is, manual.
In a country where the average income is $2 a day, little more than Josh's making, some Afghans who were the political parties and presidential candidates would pay up to 150 bucks for voting cards, gladly line up at a registration center several times to get multiple voting cards.
Overall, the registration process has been rife with all kinds of problems. 12 election workers were killed, just a small problem.
Afghans confused their voter ID cards for food rations and prescriptions, men for bade live sisters and daughters from getting voting cards, and many uneducated people simply don't understand what their first election is all about.
Originally scheduled for last June, the election has been twice postponed, first due to the low registration turnout, later because of security concerns, but now we better get it done, you know what I'm saying?
Because it's good for business, it's good for the right wing, it's good for the American Nazis, and it's good for business.
151-560-W-Q-Y-M asks me anything else? Anything else? Yes, spot.
Oh, we've got to get some business in here, you know?
One good thing about the show is we don't have any 13-minute breaks. I tell you that if nothing else, that to me is the most amazing. You talk about loyalty.
I don't think that there's any personality, any brand name, anything in the world that's got that kind of loyalty that will sit through 13 minutes of commercials to hear.
Anything else? Robin? No, if you did 13 minutes of commercial breaks. Yeah, an hour, and the show would be like collectively an hour.
Well, we'll start that Monday.
If you're on the edge in South Beach, your bus can run a low-carb sugar-free diet, and you're going to love this story, it's called the Lights of West Booker.
For years, these folks have helped thousands of low-carb divers achieve their weight loss goals, and now the Lights of West Booker is celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts of up to 50% on low-carb products like Carbolite, pure-d-light, carbsense, and lots more.
And the Red Diverse Resuper Specialists, you save half off on all Atkins Branch products, foods, and supplements.
Don't forget their great selection of low-carb baked radams like cheesecakes, breads, rolls, and brownies, and as always, the lights you can try anything in the store before you show out cash and buy it.
They've got a step that knows the low-carb dieting inside and out, the lights is open every day of your life till 10, and don't forget their guaranteed lowest-priced policy on all Atkins, Carbolite, and pure-d-light products, too.
The Lights of West Booker guarantees they will not be under sold, you'll find them on the quarter, the Northeast Quarter that is of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market, or column 231-877-Low-Carb, that's L-O-W-C-A-R-B-R-W-W-Low-Carb.com.
The Lights of West Book an amazing story, your official Atkins retail seller.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' hit, who will simply, on 516-year-old, on a day.
Now that was good.
Okay.
What the hell was that?
You tell me.
From a claim documentary filmmaker George W. Bush comes up film about the movie, and he'll like it forever.
I think he got bogies on it.
Remember when I told you about these machines that you didn't believe me?
Oh no, that doesn't...
Oh, I think it's at the disc in that case.
Well, it's not that it is because I played this on Tuesday.
Let's try another machine, okay?
And if not, it'll at least look healthy in good time.
Come on, cue up, please.
What the hell was that? What the bookers are?
Oh no, it's more fun having a booker's owner.
From a claim documentary filmmaker George W. Bush comes up film about the real Michael Moore
and the real reason behind his invasion of convenience store staff.
Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones.
Baron Heights 7-11, exposing the man who is becoming the most hated figure in the Arab world.
My horse is cut-cooked, his prey was full just yesterday.
Then Michael the Mawda came in and devoured everything.
From Washington to the Middle East, and every place in between that sells slim gyms and condyte bars,
you'll find a fat man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on controlling it all.
Here one's common to be cheated on.
Michael Moore is not a real catalyst.
Baron Heights 7-11, actually.
Excuse me, Congressman.
We're recruiting the children of politicians to work in convenience stores when Michael Moore comes in with a hatred for 20 years.
Sir, please come back and I'll take a second.
Baron Heights 7-11, now showing 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
So let me ask you one thing.
I'm going to play it on that machine just fine if there's bookers on it and then play it on the top one.
Well maybe your machine's a...
Coming to a player.
Huh? Maybe your machine's okay.
Anyway, I'll get those all in the DCS that we don't have to worry about such embarrassing technical problems.
Although like I said, it killed extra 30 seconds magnificently well.
And anything else?
441 votes on the poll.
Who would you vote for if the election were today like right this second?
Carrey 360, 81.6%.
The bush might do.
Now remember those days when he used to do about 17-18% every single time in our audience?
Yeah.
Now a Paul 3-11.7%.
Pretty weak, W.
I won't vote 13.9.
See there was one more native person under just to piss me off because I get set up to 2% just to aggravate me.
And I can't vote not eligible either.
Two young illegal alien, two stupid, seven.
So you got a little bit of company out of 441.
Not bad.
Mandog is coming up next and we got the Hank Goldberg showed for a clock featuring temporarily.
Do-do-do-do.
And I mean very temporarily if we play our cards right.
Do-do-do-do-do.
I don't know how it did it.
Okay, we've filed and revolted by virtual everyone.
Anything else Josh?
Josh?
Yeah?
Anything else?
Nothing for good.
Anything else George?
No.
I'm good.
Okay.
Bye bye bye!
