Don't worry, Loner, just forget about it.
Why don't you go back to Canada to get you to faster?
See you later, Ralph, later.
It kinda fits right in.
Yeah, that's the whole election up.
See you later, Ralph, later.
Yeah, that's the whole election up.
Go buy yourself a new suit, man.
Are you complaining again?
Drop your debt to your smart man.
No, no, love.
I love you.
Asked you never had a chance.
You put your name on the ballot.
No way you ever had a chance.
With bills on it, you.
And the band I'll leave your hand.
Corporate twin is building a cow.
Thanks to you, the right twin is.
Stole the election where it's where.
I'm not trying to say the afraid of engineering, but...
And now the Nazi right twin is...
I'm not afraid of the old family, but...
The old election where it's where.
Everything is screwed out.
The old party votes for a guy.
Which lies on 65, or maybe.
See you later, Ralph, later.
Yeah, that's the whole election up.
See you later, Ralph, later.
Yeah, that's the whole election up.
Go buy yourself a new suit, man.
And drop your debt to your smart man.
See you later, Ralph, later.
Try and save it in the street.
Don't try.
You're called out.
And to a tree.
That's the thing.
Wow, this place is un-believeable.
Un-believeable.
That's what I just said.
It is just amazing.
How is it possible that I have a better radio studio in my apartment in Toronto
than here in WQAam in Miami?
How is that possible?
Oh, boy. This is a toilet.
Hey, by the way, thanks for that neat new TV we got up here.
Not, not, not.
Well, but it won't be about, but it's the first year when they first
there and they add all this other crap.
You know, it's just a double talk.
That's what you get.
Georgia speakers are all screwed up.
We're here like snack, crackle, and pop,
which ought to really be good today.
Then we got all the rain and all the...
It kind of fits him with the other stuff.
It's like the whole thing.
Yeah.
It's under and lightning.
Well, maybe it is.
Maybe it's the rhythm of the rain.
The one that is working halfway.
And you're complaining too much, okay?
Too much.
Cut it out.
Anyway, boy, we got a lot of stuff going on here.
Now, how it's stirring?
What a...
Whole heat turns out to be, huh?
What a, what a jerk.
He thinks the whole world revolves around him.
It doesn't?
Oh, clone.
Anyway, here's our poll result from yesterday.
And we're going to do this.
I had a great idea because it'll eliminate my habit of
coming up with some great new poll idea every day
because there's too much pressure and stress
with this studio and all the crap going on here.
We just don't...
We just are capable of doing that.
At least I'm not.
I'm usually just a little bit of a...
I've seen your poll.
Anyway, which of these do you care about?
At least, least, least.
Get it right.
Golf, how many votes do we have?
1902, not too bad.
That was a great year.
Golf 545.
Religion 464.
This thing don't sound worth a crap in here either.
Religion 464.
Give it a good battle.
But golf, number one.
Ah!
No, no, no.
They don't care about golf, which I say.
It says a lot of good things about our passive audience out there.
Not the ones that call in because they're another...
Poolewoodwood breed.
Religion 464.
Howard Stern 322.
So, evidently, there are some people that don't think the world revolves around how we...
And the freedom of speech is more than just about him.
Wait till I get to that.
Those two stories back to back.
The one where suddenly he and Robin are saying,
oh, well now we want everybody to work with us.
It's not just about us.
It's about the whole industry and all this other crap.
And then come to find out, well, guess what?
He's going to like go back and out everybody else in a business
and put the stuff on his website to show that everybody else,
all the clones of him are filthy and disgusting in the ought to be fine too.
As in...
Oh, we're fine.
Right.
So, you know, it all revolves around Howard with this 30 million year.
Poor baby.
Hockey.
317.
They don't care about hockey.
How about those maple leaves?
I have no idea how they did that.
Eddie, Eddie, he did it.
He's pretty steady.
The Marlins on 19 see the big drop off there.
They love the Marlins and especially those rings.
I didn't know how did I miss it.
I read both the fish wrappers Sunday morning.
But somehow I missed the deal about the rings.
They had almost riots out there.
Right.
I heard Mad Dog talking about that going home yesterday.
Older valuable.
Over the free rings.
You think that maybe some of them might have thought
they were getting that...
Ring?
That might have been it.
Yeah.
Brass ring.
The brass ring.
Grab out of that brass ring.
Oh, you can't say brass without ask.
But at any rate, uh, yeah, there were some asses out there
and no question about it because they just...
They said somebody said a car on a fire
and they were like, uh...
All kinds of crap going on out there.
P.P. Parkers.
We want our free rings.
See, so all of this belonging
that everybody's whipped up about the Marlins,
to some extent that's true.
But they're all whipped up about anything
where there's something free being given away.
Even if it's worth just a few cents.
Stop turning man.
30 cents.
I mean, whatever.
They're 50.
No, I forget about him.
He's bad news.
30 cents.
So they just carried on like a bunch of lunatics
as usual.
I say, I don't know.
Maybe I'm just cynical, I guess.
But I have to raise four eyebrows
when I see this time getting all I whipped up,
all that phony baloney enthusiasm
because it really doesn't exist.
Anyway, let's see.
The Marlins 119,
the stock market 90,
stay out of that if you're smart.
Politics 34 and sex 15 people
who care least about sex.
Maybe they can't have that anymore.
That could be it.
That could be part of our crowd.
Maybe there would be...
Those are 15 of that 100 people at Pompato Park
and the lobby down there on Saturday night.
Screaming for their free programs.
I'm online.
I was first.
I wanted...
Now I wanted now.
No, seriously, you have never...
I don't care where you've been
or what you've seen.
You have never seen anything like that.
You wound up at Pompato Park.
No.
No.
You have never seen...
I want to apologize again to my friend
Toby at Pompato Park,
even though I'm not part of that problem.
But I just feel so bad for her.
Because she's such a sweetheart
and she has to put up with such.
I mean, obnoxious, disgusting,
old, smelly,
smarmy,
cretons.
I mean, what is that?
What is it about?
I don't know.
There's plenty of old people in Toronto.
They don't behave that way.
You encounter them.
You go out shopping.
You're walking on the street.
They're just like anybody else.
You come here and the old people are like,
yeah!
You know,
it feeds on itself.
They feed on each other.
Is that it?
It's kind of like this place.
They go money.
It's kind of like our engineering department.
It's like a disease.
You know, let me just say this for clearance and muff.
I don't care if they put a new TV in her night.
You can pump the audio up.
In fact, put it on right now.
There's Richard Bevanista.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You're going to rush your script.
Yeah, you're going to have some pornographic channel.
Okay?
Oh,
get the sensors gone.
I'm going to be a old channel.
Yeah, we'll get back on the CNN channel.
Okay.
What does that spell?
It's interest.
Okay.
No, no, that's it.
I just wanted to make sure that we can handle that.
So if there's like the world comes to an end
today or some horrible things happen,
at least we're in touch.
As I mean, I realize that it doesn't do with ball games
or sports, stuff like that, but we'll do the best we can.
So that was the pull yesterday.
Here's today's pull.
We'll get out of the way right off the bat.
Oh, let me tell you before that,
our girl of the day on the beaded curtain page is Kate Moss.
Very good.
Kate Moss.
And I don't really think most people
need to hear too much about Kate Moss.
She was born January 16, 1974, which makes her about...
About 30, man.
Yeah.
Right?
In Croydon, Surrey, England.
Really? I didn't know she was English.
Kate Moss?
No. Get out.
Thought she was American.
Get out of town.
I thought she was American.
Are you crazy?
What on earth?
No, someone like you do the sandwich or do.
Kate Moss, that skinny chick, the skinnier chick I know.
Your future's bleak, that heroin chic.
You got to lay off the blow.
Kate Moss, that skinny chick, we want to know what's the deal?
The clothes that's wrapped when you're in rehab.
You're worse than Ali McVill.
She's unmarried.
Let's see, 33, 23, 35, or in centimeters, 84, 58, 89.
That sounds like some of the people in our sales department.
Fat boy.
Let's see.
She's ads for Calvin Klein of session 1, 2, 3.
Dolce Gabbana, Gianni Versace, all this other stuff.
We know who Kate Moss is.
If you've been hiding under a tree, under a rock,
then you don't know who that is.
But don't forget a rolling rock cat.
There's no moss.
She's something like that.
Johnny Depp, who is a boring thing in the paper.
One of the fish rappers this morning about Johnny Depp,
who says that when he was here,
when he was here in South Florida,
growing up, that he ate like,
go home for a baloney sandwich, then go back out again,
come back later for a few peanuts, go back out again.
I don't know what that meant.
That he's weird, that he's weird.
The first time he saw Romaine let us, he freaked out because he didn't,
you know, because he just was kind of like a little hickster down here.
Or a sheltered...
Yeah, yeah.
Kind of that.
As opposed to like a real sophisticated connoisseur now.
I love Johnny Depp.
I mean, you're not going to get me to know Johnny Depp.
He gave Kate Moss a diamond necklace once, gift wrapped in his butt.
Yeah.
Well, by the way, he just split up with whoever.
Whoever.
Not Kate Moss, whoever he's been doing.
Oh.
Anyway, back in the day, I could have said something about him.
I know.
I know.
Pretend that I'm not.
That's funny what you were just saying.
Anyway, here's today's poll, which of these people or things you care about least?
The war in Iraq?
Oh, let's put Kate Moss under tuna.
You'll have to add that.
Oh, add it.
Sure, we can put the...
I have the power.
And don't forget, folks, if you're over the age of 75 and you've got 45 pieces of ID and 25 old parts who will vouch for you.
And give you a free program from Pompa No Park, then you can go behind the beaten curtain very briefly and take a look at Kate Moss naked.
Because we don't want no punks out there.
Under the age of 55, look at it naked women.
They might get aroused or confused or, I don't know, incensed.
So there she is.
Which of these people or things you care about least?
The war in Iraq?
Rush Limbaugh?
Al Franken, the Mimea dolphins, the Mimea heat, Routhnater, the Pope, gay marriage or Kate Moss.
What I'm trying to do is make a list of things that are not necessarily related.
See what I'm saying?
One from Colomé, one from Colomé.
This is tough.
What?
Oh, yeah, it's a tough choice.
Which of these people or things you care about the least?
I would say the Mimea heat.
That's what I chose.
Yeah, I mean, I just, it's so ridiculous.
When you were sticking the joint out, nobody wanted to talk about them at all.
It's so typical of this time and now, oh, they're going to make the playoffs.
They've been winning a bunch of games and were heat intensive.
They broke the attendance record the other night to see what's his name.
What's his name?
I don't know.
Some big tall guy.
Right.
You know, back in the day, I would have probably said Schwarzer.
Which of these people or things?
Look at that. We already got a few votes.
Gay marriage. Five.
Well, that's not worth talking about those yet.
But there's the pool. There's Kate Moss.
And we're off to a running start.
Equipment sucks.
Speakers we can't hear.
And you know what? I don't care.
I just don't care.
There's a song, right?
In fact, these guys keep asking, well, you're glad to be here.
No, I'm not glad to be here. I'm not glad to see these people.
I'm not glad to be here. I'm glad to see Duff.
She's okay.
But other than that, Clarence, I don't really want to see him ever again.
I mean, you know, it's not personal.
Well, partly, I just don't need to see him.
He just brings, adds nothing to my life.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Does he have anything to your life?
Sports?
Yeah.
12 minutes after 10 already at 560 W.
Victoria Secret, by the way, next victim of all the censorship.
We'll get to that.
Now we'll get to Howard's and all of that stuff.
It's just really tragic.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits, please listen.
They're incredible. You pay zero closing costs.
Zero application.
Fee zero credit bureau. Fee even zero discounted points.
Get the new low interest rate at just 1.25%.
If you have $100,000 alone, your payments are just $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 alone, you pay just $668 a month and don't forget.
Once you refinance, you get a new mortgage from financial group.
You'll never, ever pay those nasty, pin-in-ass closing costs again.
So find out about it by making one easy call.
1-866-395-Lend.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
They moved your next property with no further cost of expense.
You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero closing costs,
even when you moved to another property.
Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25%.
The only one mortgage from financial group.
Call 1-866-395-L-E-N-D.
They're an equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
$100,000.
This is sports radio bicycle.
You way up.
I got your breasts are beautiful.
I want to hear everybody join in now.
They want to be the president so they try to tell us that the other guy lies.
Politics is a dirty thing.
That's why there's all the most sling-align.
Most sling-align.
Most sling-align.
Election year, there's a most sling-align.
If the White House is where you want to live,
Better run some math that negative.
And on the news in the evening,
We'll watch reports on the most sling-align.
Most sling-align.
Most sling-align.
Election year, there's a most sling-align.
And when they have those dumb debates,
The screaming yell and act I ring.
It's just like watching and wrestling.
You turn your back and it's a most sling-align.
Most sling-align.
Election year, there's a most sling-align.
Most sling-align.
But sling-align.
Election year, there's a most sling-align.
I'm listening.
Ten, eighteen, five, sixty, WQM.
Happy Tuesday, two more.
Kind of another great nasty day.
Tornado warnings and watches and rain.
Man, it rained all night long.
Right.
Your fault.
Poring and thundering and lightning.
And just like the end of the freaking world.
That's Florida.
Sorry, the end of the fucking world.
I guess freaking was better.
Because if you go like the end of the fucking world,
that could have been something worse.
Right.
Victoria Secrets had wrapped its TV-fascensual mid-criticism.
Yeah.
Welcome to the Stone Age, boys and girls.
They showed more flesh in the Stone Age.
Oh, now what was that show you were talking about?
Which I haven't seen that show.
The Shield.
God Almighty.
What channel is that?
Attax, of course.
We're all the good shows are.
Rupert Murdoch.
Rupert Murdoch.
Put it in that filth.
Evil genius.
He's the purveyor of right-wing propaganda.
Right.
You're right.
He is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is- he is
He is- he is- he is- he is- he- he is- he he is- he's got a- he is- he is a- he's got a- he is a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he's got a- he who's my brother in school and the guy in school and the guy in school is my brother in school and the guy in school and the guy in school and the guy in the one in school I was doing on shows all over the internet for the night in school and the boy over there, who was going to play with me in school and the other was going to play with me on shows all over the night in school and the other was going to play with me on shows like this when he was doing on
sparing pa
Ed Razik, chief creative officer with a Columbus-based lingerie chain said Saturday
The main reason for the decision was so the company could look at new ways to promote the brand
Right still he said we had to make the decision probably six away weeks ago when the heat was on the TV networks
Then he does on so anyway. What was this on a shield about? Yeah, don't say or no
I
heard you describe that to Miguel. He seemed to be getting pretty aroused. Well, he's keeping oh the announcement came less than three months after the
Jackson Opera in a week after federal regulators proposed to have a million dollars and fines against cheap channel communications for sexual material on the Howard Stern show
Which we'll get to that momentarily. It'll bring a tear to everybody at least to my eye. It's it's astonine
The TV fashion show has generated criticism in the past from groups complaining about supermodels
Strutting down the runway in skippy underwear
Ah
A message of Saturday at the New York office of CBS which is televised to show the past two years was not immediately returned
What is this from OEP?
Olga Vivas
Vice President of the National Organization for Women praised the cancellation saying the show only objectifies women
And they're underwear right
Vice President the National Organization of Dykes were concerned young women think they have to look this way
She said they she probably would rather that they look a little bit more masculine more male
Fumpy that they would butcher up a little bit. She says she adds you hope the cancellation is permanent
There are many other ways to promote their product
She said with a real hussy in her tone. Hussy hussy. Yeah
The fashion show was aired in November last two years was televised on ABC in 2001
The first show was broadcast online in 99 one and a half million visitors tried to log on a once bringing the site down within 20 minutes
They are crashed it
Victoria Secret has got four billion dollars in annual sales, but you won't see that no more
You won't see nothing no more you won't hear it you won't see it you won't smell it you won't taste it got forbid
Because the pleasure police the sex police the word police the pot police the J walkin police the swingin police
They're swinging it. They're Billy bats. That is correct. They're swinging to Billy bats
What cartoon was he in Billy batson?
Shazam that was a Captain Marvel. Yes, it was Billy batson. What are you?
Very good by both of us. Let's see here's the fact
This is American forces fighter missile. Oh, but there was another a copper
I keep trying to find the information on that another helicopter was burning in Fallujah
But you know it's just more dead Americans nobody seems to care anymore
No, it doesn't even make the crawl now
It doesn't make the crawl because they're too busy with the there's Thomas Cain and we got that Louis free Louis free out of being jelly FBI
I'm gonna tell you right now if you're looking for somebody to blame for the incompetence in intelligence that I use the term loosely blame the
FD
They are pathetic. They're too busy. He's going back to the days of gay Edgar Hoover and his cross-dressing
Escapades they're too busy making files and everybody else's sex life
They don't have time to be worried about terrorists. I know you hate Richard Dreyfus and so do I but the day Reagan was shot that movie
I've seen it was that very good. He's very good and
Speaking of the FBI shows the kind of an aptitude now. We're stuck bearers in that one
Oh, that's right. He was CIA
American forces fired a missile in a way mosque in Fallujah were 600 Iraqis now. What is what is this?
I see okay, I'll read it
American forces fired a missile into a mosque in Fallujah were 600 Iraqis were reportedly killed this weekend two dead bodies
allegedly American intelligence agents were shown a Arab TV a Christian was crucified for the 17th time in the Philippines
Poppy cultivation in Afghanistan which produced three quarters of the world's opium last year was said to be up 30%
Fuck third man and President Karzai declared a g-hot on drugs president Bush went fishing
This just about sums up the week it says where's my cheap gas and
Also does anybody besides me watch deadwood?
No ever would never would what is that I have seen like two seconds
Here to say I heard about it, but nothing heard what nothing that is good as the shield
Nothing is well. How can the shield beyond?
You got me you play it's me beyond long if what you're telling me is accurate table
Coming this baby we'll get to that not a ruper can help we're gonna get to cable
We're gonna get to a satellite. We're gonna get to your pop-up toaster. We're gonna get to private conversations
We're gonna get to your telephone. We're gonna get to your cell phone. Okay?
I'm not an easy because I just like bald-headed Erie Fleischer said you better watch out
What you say?
Little need you know when he said that how Prussian he was being and keep in mind the Prussian started WW1
Just something to keep in mind and those hats and wait till you know
Let's see how that pole is shaken out here first look at that the Pope is got
Altar boys lined up. Oh see you never know it looking so shaky and old
Which of these people are things you care about least the Pope has got
But third man. Yeah, Altar boys
Rush Limbaugh 16 game marriage 15 the Miami Heat 14. What is it about? You're right? This is a tough one nice poll Neil. Thank you
Ralph Nader 13 Kate Moss 13. Oh come on take a look. Oh, she's pretty scrawny. She's pretty. It's all right
We'll feed her the dolphins 10 Al Franken 9 and the war in Iraq one see I only put that on her because I knew there'd be at least one
Oh, I don't care about that. I'd like to track that person down and just beat them
It's probably the pole of the legs boring probably that guy
They don't have any family or they're not from this country or in this country or you know well good
Maybe they're right from the Philip let's send them to somewhere they'll like it like Sri Lanka would be good
They're barbarians anyway. Let them lose their souls
That's 121 votes in just a matter of moments here
We got I think now that the Easter and Paisach and all that's over now and of course the snowbirds are gone
But I don't think most of them have computers anyway
Speaking of computers. I went out and got me a nice new compact last night
And what do you call those things that I told you I got the um
Router oh, yeah, so I was confused too awareness routers you have two computers now's and I got me a beautiful
Sony flat screen monitor. Beautiful. Now you're wow your house is a hot spot. All right
No, seriously. It's a lovely thing
Right your Wi-Fi baby. Yeah
I can't deal with people who like oh, I just can't be bothered with computer
I mean even more I'm sure they'll computers. I'm listening. He's doing it. It's like not being bothered by the heaven a car or a TV set right
All of quite frankly the way things are going. You're not gonna miss much pretty soon
You better start taping a lot of shows and hide the tapes right in fact call up Alistair crane on
All of probably want to hide him better than he's hiding all his confidential files which you'll notice he didn't bother to destroy on passion
Here's an idea erotic sign language and Louise is walking around. I mean me. I was walking around with them all in a bucket
All the important files. Oh computer. I said bucket. Okay
26 past 10 at 560 wq a.m. Home of the most incredibly incompetent. Let's see engineering
I think it takes the cake sales there they are what they are we got a lot of spots, you know
At least we got spots by hooker by crook, but engineering man
24 seven broadcasts. Let's run forget. Well
With a few interruptions. Have you been putting off that home improvement dream because you're afraid of a home improvement nightmare?
Well sweet dreams are waiting for you because design concept builders is the answer
Design concept builders has been one of the top home remodels in South Florida since 1983 for the following reasons
They're 100% customer satisfaction with their no excuses policy. They refuse to have an unhappy customer. It's as simple as that
They are for quality work affair price and design concept builders exclusive five-year labor warranty
What's not to like why take the risk of a nightmare on your new addition kitchen bathroom windows any of the project
You got going in your house called design concept builders at 9 5 4
7 1 8 6 7 6 6 or on the net you'll find them a design concept builders dot com that's design concept builders 9 5 4
7 1 8 6 7 6 6
Financing's available with no payments for six months with a proof credit to you can also get to a 10% discount on all your remodeling
Through the end of this month the month of April will only design concept builders check them out of the web like I said design concept builders dot com
And then make that call 9 5 4 7 1 8 6 7 6 6
Line and local
Your sports radio 5 60s you a
UAM
We makin on this is jobal on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Woohoo the wonderful thing about figures they like to bundle kids they have to cut me hands and wrap around like this
They broke and grabbed the bottle he can go through try to run
Oh the weather will think about bigger days they like they grab your buns
I
On the bread to run
1031 at 560 w2 q. I am happy Tuesday to you and spot of all of the array and the clouds and nasty weather
We're gonna try to be upbeat here in spite of the engineering in spite of all of this so crap that's wrong
We'll be beat up because you notice we always kind of come last no matter what else is going on
It's the transmitter. It's the sports people. It's uh the weather. It's something else. We come last
And you know up to school mall screw the engineering people
Even fix it. He you know he means well, but you're right. He's fried. Oh, you know who else looks fried? Who's that?
I'll give you a clue. Oh, right man. He must have had some wild time at the masters you talk about green lizards
He must have some still crawling around in his pants. I had possible
I walked in just to give him the wave yesterday because I don't see him that often my good close personal friend the mad dog and
He looked fried still
I'm not talking about just uh, I mean really fried. Yeah. Do you know I'm talking? I know what he is
You know you don't want to discover why I don't want to know which I was
Now here let's see of Pope Scott 42
Which of these people are things do you care about at least I'm I'm just curious Pope 42
178 votes rush limbaugh 28 pop a couple rush. Okay. Kate Moss 25 come on
She's scrawny game merge 21. How about if the Pope married rush limbaugh
My knee heat 18 Ralph Nader 16 Al Franken 13. What about if Ralph Nader married Al Franken? Oh boy Al Franken's boring man
Here's so boring
Uh, Miami dolphins 12 and Warren Iraq three now three who care least about that
Now I want you to think about that they care more about that whole list
Mm-hmm then the war in Iraq than all these Americans and all the other hundreds and thousands of people are dying for no reason at all based on a pack of lies
Don't forget we have that
Searching for the right word that antagonist factor out there in the audience. No, no
These people are being honest. These polls are 100% scientific
Ah
Here's here's something that's going to give you a lot of comfort in solace
Oklahoma pool sites too much sex and violence on radio and TV
Yeah, Oklahoma pool
I ride
It can know what I mean. Certainly if you're going to take the uh, temperature of America sure
Right, would they're going to stick to thermometer deep inside the recto right certainly with a rectal thermometer
Can we still say that? I don't I doubt it. We'll check call up over there in a west coast
You can still say rectal thermometer and you know what to do with it. Oh, don't say it's out that don't a consumer logic pool of 750 registered Democrats and Republicans commissioned by the Tulsa world
Suggested that a majority of Oklahoma's are concerned with the amount of sexual and violent content on radio and television. Oh my god
Right
82 to 86 percent
I don't understand that. I mean, it's either 82 or 86. I would think or somewhere between or maybe 84
percent say they're often or sometimes offended by adult language
violence sexual content and homosexuality on radio and TV
Those who would say they say they attend church. Oh, by the way, he has risen and he's still
Yeah, he's rising. I think those people may be on vacation
Huh, I don't know. No, no, no, no, no, no, those who say they attend church several times a week were twice as likely to be offended often by sexual content
Then those who attend church annually
Respondents who call themselves conservatives were nearly twice as likely to be offended by sexual content as those who call them liberals
How many liberals are there in Oklahoma?
I would think that many if you count some people three times. Yeah
Wow
So in other words, you got the basically America has been taken over by the Puritans
Mm-hmm. All of these people make the Puritans look pretty wild by comparison by the Amish
All of the Amish mind their own business. No, that's true. So let's not insult the Amish
These people have been taken over by crazy fundamentalist kind of very much like the
Fundamentals who pulled off 9-11 the ones that were fighting the evil doers right now
So that's the evil doers against the evil doers is right the way I see it very much in common. Yeah
Words of a feather
Flot together. I said flock. Okay
Look into all of the stuff that's going on here, and it's just it's just amazing. It's astonishing
What a jackass Howard Stern turns out to be like I said he could have the very first week
The guy called his show
Yeah, it's got he called his show
He offered him an outlet a venue or very ingenious idea. Let's get the public all whipped up into a frenzy
Let's get a
Million signatures and have them all sent letters to their you know sent all of the signatures to congressmen and senators and
During this election year led people understand that we're not going to take all of this
Made up as we go along censorship laying down people are pissed off about it, but no
And we gave it a little bit of a shot here in our own little corner of the world and I realized what the who the hell am I kidding?
You know
He could have done it on 30 some odd stations and all the major markets in the country except this one
And
Didn't do it and maybe some of this today will explain you why I mean I just the one thing that bothers me a lot
Just drives me up the wall is people with big egos, you know, I mean absolutely right
People with big gigantic puffed up egos. I'm listening who think that their stuff doesn't stink. I'm listening
Okay, calm down. I haven't seen him in these two. I look in the windows. I'm yesterday. Look pretty bad. Look like he was right on the edge
The edge of tomorrow. No the edge of yesterday
Anyway, WXRK K rock morning host Howard Stern slammed the FCC's community standards decree during yesterday's program questioning
How the FCC's mandate of basic and decency fines on community standards could apply to the six third channel stations
Each and different radio markets which goes to show he isn't up to speed even doesn't understand it's no longer community standards
Which we've been through all of that anyway
The broadcast aired on April 9, 2003 broadcast of the Howard Stern show and a complaint
lived only in one of those markets Miami as we know no one else complaining all those other markets
Stern said since it's based on list of complaints why then do they find you other markets for the broadcast
Stern also noted that a show has a limited shelf life and the attack present bush for spending time cracking down on his and other
Programs over in decency concerns instead of focusing more attention on Iraq and other issues facing the country
Meanwhile, I want you to listen to this carefully now, right that last sentence. This is building. It sounds pretty promising here so far
Meanwhile co-host Robin Quivers important listeners and others in the entertainment industry to join their fight
Let's not make it what the FCC is doing to us anymore. She said let's make it what the FCC is doing in other words to everybody and we say
Yeah, it's about time better like that ever then you go girl, but
There's a big butt
In the middle of all this
That ego just uh, he can't control it out of control
Howard told his listeners yesterday that he's not taken in spite with the FCC overlaid broadcast and decency lying down and says
He plans to post content from other shows like his on his website to shine light on other programs
That might be susceptible to indecency fines, but have thus far flown under the radar
There's about 50 shows that I'm going to start posting on the website Stern said
I'm going to get transcripts of their old shows too and we'll start getting those people fine too
Which he obviously doesn't understand how it works because putting transcripts on a website doesn't get you
Finally, somebody complained for the broadcast at the time, etc. And so on that they aired
He says we'll take man cow from Chicago will take Dave Shelley and chainsaw from KGB sand ego
We're going to start doing this to everyone now. This is the same guy who just got through a sand that all of us in the industry have to work together
We want to show it's about all of us. He says there's other broadcasts doing the same stuff all clones of me
See there's that big gigantic big nose ego sticking out again and the FCC's effectively says they're okay
But I'm not in the meantime
He ignores the fact that other people are gotten fired that several other states have gotten fine big humongous fines
He is oblivious to that
And while Stern credits parent company Viacom with backing him up
He's convinced his days on radio are numbered
The company that I work for is 100% behind email Carmison is 100% behind me
And they have said that they're going to fight all of this stuff into whatever they've got to do
But no company can stand up to this kind of government pressure. We will be off the air. I'm pretty smart about this stuff. He says
He also wishes you to warning that if he does wind up taking the show to satellite radio
Broadcasts will be the ones who ultimately suffer if I go on there
I will destroy these radio stations that I'm on Stern said people will follow me not everyone
But most people will I mean you talk about a massive gigantic humongous out of control ego. I mean even this building
I'm listening. I've never seen an ego like that. Absolutely. We've seen some pretty big fat puffed up egos in this place
Is that is that incredible? She he's gonna bring down the whole everybody else and it's just he's gonna be the only one left standing
Or sitting or however he's doing a show
But don't forget it's not just about us. We're gonna
So evidently they had a
What do they call us a moment? It's a moment of clarity here. Right. Just just a very brief
Moment of clarity and then all of a sudden that big fat pompous ego came back in the rigans all about Howard
And where's Howard gonna be and he's gonna be on satellite and then everybody's gonna go out and buy satellite radio and
I got my note order. No. Yeah. I ordered 10 just in case
Just in case they block out the first nine
It is a pretty sad
So that's the reason that all of this crap continues going on. I mean there and the same with rush
Russia's too busy. You know talking about how Jen carry you know smoked dope or something
uh
Yeah, I mean there are the people who have the nationwide audience who can be doing something positive about this stuff
Are you sure and instead it's like well? I'm gonna bring everybody else down. I'm gonna go on XFM or X whatever the thing is
It's a tragic is what it is
Major pompous ass
I'm sorry major pompous cool
19 before 11 but he's pretty clever. He knows about this stuff
Right, so he's gonna post all of this stuff on his website from a zignan. I say let's post on his website transcripts of every show all right
right
Even even the public radio NPR then you'll never have to listen to anything else right and then you can just read a whole bunch of stuff in just life
Youself silly or we have somebody read it to you
19 before 11 at 5 60 WQM lobster fest is back at the emerald coast if you've never been there
You don't know what you're missing a gigantic feast. It's incredible
The service is impeccable. You'll never leave it on empty stomach either. I promise you that I'll give you a guarantee
I'll bet Greg's life on it and because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there kids six and under eight for free in addition
Emerald Coast will offer all their sensational mouthwatering dishes to they've got six different kinds of soups dozens of succulent
Entrez I'm sorry dozens of
You'll an entrez
They've got New York strip made a word if their sizzling Asian grilled new Hunan fish what is Hunan fish?
Don't ask me it's fish prepared the Chinese way enjoy main lobster thermonur style Jonah crab and oysters on a half shell
And if there's still any ruin your pants sample their hand-tie prime rib in fact just shovel a primer right in your pantaloonies
Plus they have new tie specialties to no MSG no cornstarch only cholesterol free oil been preparing all of this great food in the buffet
Features a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup and their brand new sushi bar as well as fresh
cocktail
Oh, he didn't just didn't do that for me
No, he didn't fresh him cocktail and because it is served
They've got the dessert station for people who are really gigantic porkers man. They got waffles
Belz and waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even the old fresh fruit
I know him
Emerald Coast now three locations for you. They're in sunrise sunny auspemberk pines take the old family or just book your next business luncheon
Right now and don't forget to fill out a membership cards. You can get a monthly newsletter too
Let our friends at the emerald coast Richard and all the Lee fans there do all the cooking for you
Take out and delivery always available to call 954
57238 22
954 57238 22 for the unbelievable unmatchable emerald coast Chinese before
My
And look all this is 4205 60
You
You
Ground cut short to me
Do
Ground cut short to me
Do
When you get your ego
Ground cut short to me
Do
Seven
Lunch time over all the dinner now
Four
Three
Unless you tell us to go put on
And
Yes
Rest
This is
Ground cut short to me
Do
Your total
2330
Quadrilo
Slight of the livery every hour
And that's how come you gotta come and pick it off
Yeah
I mean so the back door
This is me just want to
One cut short
I got a few complaints
How the heck I supposed to eat
The one time so
When you can't
To give me a press
Expo you fool
Was this
Why you don't give me my
Subpackage
No master packet
To put on
That's a me again
Oh boy
This is gonna be real
Man
You left out my port
Frey raise
What do you think is
It's 1049
Do we have the right time now because yesterday
I want to apologize to the mad dog
And everybody connected with that show
I one thing about me
I'm never you're never gonna find me
Late on this show
It's like it's to be
In fact even a little before to a show
I'm ready to go
You know like 30
About one 15 sounds good
You know
But we ran over a minute and a half yesterday
Because somebody didn't
I mean this place is just a disaster
Over the weekend
They had to like a power surge
The TV broke on Friday
Nobody bothered to reset the clock
And here's a joke
Nobody cares
The only time they care about this place
Is when they want to come here
And dittle around with stuff
And screw around with it
Oh yeah
Like your good friend Carlos
So pickerier
Whatever his name is
At any rate
Which of these people
Or things you care about
The least is our poll question today
The poll 56
As in
Q 56
What does the Q stand for?
Cuban
Rush Limbaugh
Forty-no, he's
One of yours
Rush Limbaugh 44
It's about his Polish
Kate Moss 41
I'm talking about your friend there
Oh
Your subversive friend
Uh, Game Merge 29
The Miami Heat 27
Al Franken 21
God is he boring
Uh, Ralph Nader 20
Miami Dolphins 15
And the war in Iraq then we have four
And you're right
Just to be smart asses
They think it's funny
Yeah
Like it's gonna change my life
Like it's gonna change
It's gonna change a decimal point on my paycheck
Like I'm gonna make less money if they vote that
Right, that's right
If you keep voting for the war in Iraq
I'm gonna make a lot less money next time
Or speaking of voting
So Miguel the rumor around the building
That we're starting is he's gonna vote for Kerry
Right
He's gonna
Good
Nice going Miguel
Always liked him a lot
Okay
If he were ugly I'd like him a lot less
But
No, seriously that's great
Now you're voting for Kerry
He's
Our mystery guest in there
He's voting for his
So that's uh, I know
If you could vote you'd vote for Kerry too
But George Camp vote
I got my brother's voting card
I'm gonna use it
Oh, that
Well somebody's
What's the trouble with getting it
It's so sick
Well, I called him to get it
And then go out and work
Now where was he living?
Oh, in Brown
In Hollywood, yeah
Go down to
Dave County
Go to little right
Vote twice
Without a name you could probably vote
20 times maybe even
But about 30 man
Right
A lot of other dead people voting
Why not?
Sure, why not
Oh, that's bad
Don't
Today yesterday was Monday
A week ago yesterday your brother died
Now you're right in front of it
He'd be lotsin
Oh yeah
Then that's a good way to look at it
Yeah
He's a sport always
Instead of saying
Oh, he's in a better place now
Oh, I'm fine
He's in a box
Or he's in a box in a hole
Galvanized
Aluminum or something
So, Pope Scott 58
Well, how do you like that?
That's good news
And of course he has risen
Don't forget about that
So, let's start rolling out the Mester eggs
I don't understand why that's so complicated to go
And into Orthodox Jews
Believe what everyone
Leave me alone
No, simple
Simple
You know what I mean
It's you know harm
Leave the rest of us alone
It's not for my own good
Jewels in the country
It's for your own good
That you should leave me alone
Because I might get a little bit porky about it
So, what I'm saying
Every one of them
With them
They get a next for jewel in their country
Is that what it is?
They get brownie points
Crownie points
The brownie points get brownie
I don't know how that goes
Here's a little bit of good news though
Little bit
I don't want to get everybody all depressed
With that stuff about
Victoria's secret
And everything is going off the air
And Stern is an egotistical pompist ass and all that
So, here's a little piece of good news
And again, the Democrats are spineless cowards too
But
The reason that the pendulum
And I use that term loosely
Is swinging so far to the right now
Is because
What we got in power
You got your
Right wing, neo-con lunatic president
You got your right wing congress
And the right wing supreme court
So, there are no checks and balances anymore
But
Onespected retirements in divisive Republican primary races
Have turned the battle for control of the U.S. Senate
Into a toss up
With November's election shaping up
As another series of excruciatingly tight contests
To fill the closely divided chamber
According to campaign officials in both parties
So, it's important that you vote 60, 70, 80 times
Democrats, who less than a year ago, face dim chances of overcoming the GOP's 51-48 majority
Now leading the polls in all seven competitive races
In which head to head public polling has been done
A trend that would produce a gain of three democratic seats
In Oklahoma
Oklahoma
Holy moly
That is really saying something, you know what
Wow
Exactly, Oklahoma
Uh, Colorado
Alaska
Control of the Senate could be critical for the next president
If John Kerry wins but faces a GOP-controlled congress
It's unlikely he'd be able to pass major domestic initiatives
But if Bush wins reelection
But his hamstring by democratic control
Senate
He'll have a more difficult time getting his judicial nominations approved
Thank God
Ew, God
Oh man
In Oklahoma
Democrat Brad Carson strong showing in the early opinion polls could mean a gain for the Democrats
And a new Native American senator
Native American
We'll take it
And Colorado's race to replace Republican Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell
Democrat Ken Salazar leading in the polls to become the first Latino in the Senate
In a quarter of a century
So we're going to Indian, A, SPIC
And now in Alaska
Once a guaranteed Republican strong will now appears in play
Oklahoma and Alaska is shocking to me
Yeah, those are such hotbirds of Republican uh
With incumbent Republican Lisa Murkowski replaced your father Franklin and become governor
Trailing slightly in the polls
And and yeah
A contentious Republican primary in Pennsylvania could offer Democrats a chance there
If challenger Pat Tumey upsets veteran moderate Republican senator Arlen
Single bullet theory specter
April 27th
That's not there far off in the A primary
That's like only two weeks away from today's matter of fact
Ciderico is a little a little ray of hope
That maybe we can start and maybe not swing the pendulum back
But at least stop it right now so we can stop like in about the 14th century instead of going all the way back to
Beginning of time into the stone he's back into the caves
Which of these people or things do you care about the least the Pope 61
Rush Limbaugh Fiddy this is out of 283 votes
Kate Moss 47 game marriages got
Miami Heat 29 Al Franken 25
Ralph Nader 21 the Dolphin 16 I mean the dolphins that would be
Secrelegious say the care least about the dolphin almost voted for the dolphins
No, you care less about the heat
That was honest you could at least name
Some dolphin player for the dollar player 72 dolphin codes. Yeah, if you
Well, you could also name Pat Riley
Who?
Rick Riley
And then Warren Iraq 4 out of 293 four wise guys for the far probably the four of boyfriends out there little punk
Center might have a narrow old
York right now. Yeah, I can't say
Yeah, they're squeezing each other
1056 at 560 WQAM
Let me tell you right now. Where's the a copy oh there it is. Oh boy
I would be the worst thing that could happen to me is to lose the copy for the pizza loft
Okay, especially on the day that Jeff's coming back on the air with us
And you want to know why because now that hockey season for the Panthers is over
He's gonna need to do a lot extra business to feed the rimmers every day lunch dinner
They're not even open for breakfast, but I understand the rumors. He's opening up early just for them
You're been over there with them right
The one and only pizza loft and Davy maybe the rain nothing like it
In fact, there are other restaurants that charge twice the money and don't come close to giving you the quality food and portions
Certainly that you get at the world famous loft
No BS coupons like those of the joints because pizza loft every Thursday offers a special where you buy any on tray and the second one is half price
Every Tuesday like today when you buy one eggplant dinner the second one is only five bucks no coupon needed every Monday by one
Those on you didn't know the second one is only five bucks and guess what again no coupon necessary
Well, can you imagine those old people from Pompato Park lining up for the coupons for oh that that's one reason
Jeff don't want that and the formula for success at the pizza loft is consistency whether you go in today a week from
Shabuwa's or whenever they're same delicious food big portions everything cooked fresh to where do you can't beat it?
In fact, it's the only restaurant in the country that has no microwave
They're not nukin nothing and everything is either baked or sauteed and even on a weekend on Fridays or Saturdays
You don't have to wait for a table because they've got so many seats
They've got over 200 fat seats and they'll deliver the same great menu all around town like from west
There they'll go as far as to Flamingo and north to sunrise south to Pines Boulevard east to 441 and they do a fantastic
Java catering for your home or office as well for just five bucks for a person
So if you want a great treat man
It's the pizza loft for lunch or dinner any day seven days a week for take out delivery and catering call 954
916 888
954 916 888 888 you'll find them in the pizza loft pleasure. That's on
University drive between Griffith and 595 right be and peer one imports with tons and tons of free parking to
This is 4205
large in the basket
If you're on the radio you're not a usual train
No denial call to government control your brain. Don't you defend it is now
Nothing
Well
Blank 새� finger
You can officially walk girls, you can't say that
They're gonna make it free
With reprisals in order to fall for the FTC
We'll find you a better and take your license away
For that's for all I know to be a virtue one more
For I could have my radio's to be destroyed
No shut the stick no now
I can't laugh no, okay
Except for why you'll clear me up on acts
You'll be the victory one
Oh, girls, you can't say that
Can't say crap, both of you
That's 1102 at 560 WQM
Look at those phones, baby
Are they on fire or what?
Huh?
On something
Well, maybe they just don't care no, I don't know
I mean, they're just too busy voting on our pool
560-560
Oh, good news, even more good news
Yeah, then open up
No shopper crash near F allusion, no deaths
No more US soldiers dead at the moment
There will be more
Unfortunately, there will be a lot more
Any woundings?
Because we'll talk about the wound
Oh, we do not discuss that
560-560
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lime
We want to take at least 6,000 calls today
We got the mad dog at two, the Humper in the studio at four
Marlins on Dec. 630, Marlins play the, uh,
Spose in Puerto Rico, San Juan
705 the night at the K after the baseball game
And after that nobody wants to know
And we have 24-7 broadcasting by the way
Congregular engineering department
When you see modern a street
But not in a row, look at Walmart
WQAM, hello
That's coming
WQAM, hello
Hi, dear, I'm sorry, okay
Great, um, by the way, is the name of your pool
Things I couldn't care less about?
No
Well that sounds like Reverend Jones to me, yeah
No?
I want to just call it, I don't know, somebody else
WQAM, hello
Neil
Yes, sir
How are you doing? This is John Bond?
Oh, okay, great
At least he was a little sociable to me, that's good, that's a good name
Yeah, you're stepping up, I'm glad to see you probably
He probably went to CA, child anonymous, huh?
He's taking a little tiny baby steps
Very good, and maybe in a couple of weeks
Maybe in a few years
We'll be able to have like maybe a sentencer too
Like 10 to 20 rub, good
Like a whole paragraph?
No, I'm talking about a sentence like in Rayford
Ah, 30 men
10 to 20
He can string them together
Here's a good message, you see that?
I'm gonna understand what's going on, here's a message from Georgian James
But it's a blank page from St. Paul, Minnesota
Nice try, Georgian James, maybe you want to fax it again
Because it's just a blank page
I want to know what's on the mind of the public
Wish message
Or maybe it was already censored, you think?
Yeah, that's a possibility
That's a fax machine, yeah
WQAM, hello
QAM, but just in the blank page
QAM?
Me, the world is full of crazy people
No
Crazy people
Yeah
But, anyway, you keep Cameron out there
Maybe you put some sentencing people's heads
No, come, Cameron, okay, me and the hammer man
Or hammering
Hammering, hang, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five
Like I said, let's take thousands of calls today
Let's take 50, 60, 70,000 calls by two o'clock
I'm just in that kind of a mood
And nobody's going to like impose any food on me that I don't want
I don't waste your time even trying
And if that, I'm going to tell you right now
If that sac shows up in my house again tonight
Tristration is never going to be the same again
I'm telling you right now, I'm not blaming our other friend Troy
Tristration, I told him yesterday
Thank you, but no thank you
I don't need any extra food
I'm as fat as a pig
I'm trying to do something that your brother couldn't do
That your two fat friends couldn't do
You know what that is?
Stay alive
I'm trying to do something that Morris Gid couldn't do
Stay alive
It's a worthy cause
In fact, I wish I had that song
Do we have BG's in the middle line?
Ah, we got it
I'll find it
I'll find it
They stole that remember from you
They stole my BG's
Back in the IOD because I borrowed it
Put it back in that we saw it
I guess what, now did I actually play this?
There was something here
We tried this the other day to see if we could play this anymore
And it was a problem here
I think there might be a...
I was standing there one day
Not thinking I was dying
What do you say do do?
We can still do do do or say anything
I should ever keep being dulled
I'll pick back mostly track inside my bowels
I'm long ha ha ha ha
How can you've died from infected fog?
We can say we just can't make a sound
There's these budget doctors in
Now my heart stops
You schmucks at Sinai
Oh, I know what it is
He says GD in there
What?
I forgot
Yeah, well so had I
I'm just playing that in Zach
He's listening in the Josh and we're all sitting here
And I'm like, ah! He says GD
See, there are some of them
They're just so impossible to accept
I mean, you know, I really don't care
I just want the money
I don't care if they want me to say hello and goodbye
If they just want me to play guilty
I can do that
I can sit here like a...
No problem with the big smile on my face
That's fine with me
From my music entertainment
Yeah, I can even...
Yeah, like the...
The first thing we got on a website
I can even move my lips
Too bad we don't have any shield
Man, we can make it a hit now
Yeah, watch my lips move
I'm bringing a camcorder
Yeah, that's a beautiful thing
But there's some of them that are just so ridiculous
And of course, probably the beesleaves are getting a little bit nervous
Because they also carried that stern show over there in Tampa
And, uh, Fort Myers-Nables
That's right
We discussed this last week
And you just know pretty soon they're gonna be saying
Oh, we're fine
Yeah
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
That'll teach them
To be playing fast and loose with the FCC
To be putting a bunch of filth and smut on the air
We're gonna have to be running those fake auctions on a website
Every day pretty soon
On the QA auction at a website
We'd better lock these doors like with a padlock then
Oh yeah, they'll auction over
And don't auction off most lovely piece that's sitting on Louise McGill's head over here
Don't do that
That's right
Whatever you do
That's what you do with Muscrat
Oh yeah, in fact, Louise is ready to do the Muscrat ramble right now
I can see it with a big fat asses
We got a lot of good stuff in there
We got Gerr and Rique up there
Who's, uh, Smokin' Three Joints
Just for the hell of it
We got a nice beer for the whole-
One of my teddy bears is up there
The-
Yeah, we got all the more perfect
Right?
Action figures, George Poit at the-
Got the picture of the sales department
I guarantee it that's worth several dollars
For my teddy bear
For my teddy bear
Right?
That's my thing
Got the Panther thing with a Panther jersey out of that plaque
I guarantee you get at least 20 grand
The OJ murder weapon over there
So let's see now
When the Ferel find comes in
Well, I'm thinking this is just the activity iceberg
Because let's see if they had-
Let-
I don't have any idea how many different incidents are going to be listed in that complaint
About third, man!
Okay, so let's say 30 times 27,500
Okay, let's see, 1,2,3,0 is 5,22
That-
That's only 825 grand small potatoes
Ah, they carry that around on them
They carry that pocket change, in fact, if you shook that tree hard enough
It would probably fall out of the branches
Yeah, in bandsaw
Let's go on and shake the tree and see what we can get out of it
And play the first part of that over and over here
That's a classic
We'll have to have him redo that and delete
Now there's a whole bunch of me needs to redo, Old Baldi
Because they're too good to just lose them, you know?
Yeah, that's one of them
Sure
We don't need to have him say God
F*** was America or anything like that
Right?
Now can we still play the Man Dog thing?
Of course it's silly!
I was thinking about that every day
Every single day, fart sounds
Right
Now, something else I want you folks to know
I don't want to get too nervous, but if you're like an elevator
Or if you're like a publics
Or any place where it's occurred in a mall with crowd of people around
You can still fart, but they have to be SBDs
Or SBQs
SB, I don't know
In other words, they have to be silent
Right, they can't even make that
No!
Oh, those are the worst!
The hissing ones
Oh man, the hissing really pisses off the FCC
Right, not for a Hissie fit
I'm hissing and pissing off the FCC
Right?
And they will throw Michael Cops and Michael Paltrow a Hissie fit
If you do that
So don't make those sounds
If you do it very quietly, very, you know
Sub-Rosa, then it's okay
But if you're like
Why I was gonna make a Raspberry, but nevermind
I'm gonna kinda start out quiet and then like, right at the end of it
Oh, explosive
Let's not get into a graphic discussion of this
Exkritory activity
See, there's the lightbulb, see
There's the sound cable
Automatic
In fact, we have that new digital thing
There's a big article in the business section in the herald today about how
This is a whole new industry
Radio stations are buying thousands, even public radio
Yeah
Is buying this new digital delay thing
We can go up to 20 seconds
And then the one I talked about a couple of weeks ago
Or maybe that was last week when you were gone
They have one that actually will edit out words
You program it with certain words
And if they get on, it automatically edits them out
Oh, handy
Yeah, the little sound comes on
You place the word instead, it covers it up with
One of them
You just feed it the dictionary
No, you program it ahead of time, the ones that you don't want on there
Not all the ones you do
Headets out, sound as well
Yes
Fort sound
That sound
Now I'm not sure what Geldy's doing when he's making that sound
Uh-oh
Ooh, something smells bad
I don't know what that is
It's 11
Childish, juvenile
People are dying
Lives are being erased over nothing
We should be having impeachment hearings right now
And instead we got people worried about fart sounds on the radio
Oh, my freaking god
Zine America, man
It's only one thing that I would like to say
Oh, Canada
That's it
Carmen
Get that off
Right now
Oh, it's January, no
Oh, my god, the good old Jenny, you go, boy
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM when you shop for quality footwear by now
You better know that Brandy's is the place, man
They've been going there for years
Brandy's been around in this town in Pompano for, I'd say, a coon's age
Because if Brandy's shoes, it's an unbeatable combination
You find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes
The best service and the best prices in town anywhere
And all the top quality names and shoes that you love like rock ports, floor shine, SAS
Spirit, Timberland, naturalizer, and lots more
And with Brandy's humongous selection, you can just about bet anybody's life
Even that clearance is life on it, that whatever size and style you need it's sitting on a shelf waiting to slap on your fat foot
So find out for yourself, I'm most of Brandy's customers, not just keep coming back, but every time they come into the store
They usually buy several pair
Brandy's open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five
You'll find them in that same great location they've been doing it right for years
They're at 1290, North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach, it's always worth the trip to Brandy's
No matter where you'll be living it
And you can be sure and stop by Brandy's this way because they got their big store-wide SAS sale
Don't miss the SAS Trunk Show this Wednesday tomorrow the 14th from 10am till 4pm
So stop by the store, get more info on their website Brandy's shoes, 2s is Brandy's shoes
.com
Buy the local SAS is 560
The radio's on your side
Thank you, Ian
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
.com
