No more mayor.
It's all class time Howard David.
Who looks just like...
No bow?
Yes.
That's what you're doing.
I'm going to go to go again.
My head is for drunken.
Let me ask you something.
What does that have to do with...
Drudge Packet?
Now in concert.
It's John Terry.
John Terry.
I believe.
I believe.
I believe.
I believe.
I believe.
John Terry.
Coming soon to a town you use.
Help.
I need somebody.
Help.
To anybody.
Help.
I need somebody.
Help.
Young Americans.
Young Americans.
Young Americans.
All.
Right.
Right.
Young Americans.
Young Americans.
John Terry sings the classic.
Yes.
Young Americans.
All.
All.
All.
10-1 at 560 WQ. I'm happy Thursday. We're gonna talk fast again today because we got a ball game
We got more sports baby and this ball game. Nobody but anything to do with right that clearance
What an imbecile no wonder Duff resents and hates him like poison. You know what?
What a little quizzling a little sports nerd. Oh, I'm sure like I told you before the show
I think the orders came from above
About the hysterical way that this radio station approached that whole thing on Tuesday. Yeah, that's probably where it came from
What later on child over growing infant and any rate we're gonna talk about all day today
Not just on this show on fact that we got a whole new format now. It's all radio right morning noon a night
W. Shack again, you got it in fact anybody want to shack up with the
There you go. There's something to think about and even the rat crimes was but anyway you did all that yesterday
So you tell me
Right, we start with the death hole in the rack
This the sad tragic unnecessary news just
Unspeakable a
Roadside bomb exploded north of Baghdad early yesterday killing one US infantry a first division soldier and bringing to 900
The number of US military forces killed since the beginning of military
Operations March 2003. I thought that once we got sawed him though that that was good again
And what she turned the kings of the kingdom over to that butcher that allow a guy
I thought that was gonna allow us to get off the hook the new world time said
Wow
What can I tell you not looking good anyway with all due respect somebody faxed us there's nothing worse than
Somebody who's a finger pointer and a nitpicker who's picking the wrong nit, you know, I mean
What have it in Fort Lauderdale your full of crap Kevin
He says with all due respect. It's not Keith David. It's David Keith. Oh God
This is when we're doing the actors on Tuesday the over on underrated over as numbers and the others and others and others and
We talk about Keith David who was in Requiem for a dream who's a big and nasty looking dark-complexed guy
David Keith was a very pasty white-complexed guy and family affair, right?
So I had to write the news to Kevin but Keith David and David Keith are there two different people and all I can say you is
Get a life Keith. I have no life. I mean we make a lot of mistakes on this show
Don't forget we got the Marlon pregame at 12.30
They're gonna mistake right there by saying that because I didn't meet you since people diving for
Anything else they want to get a head start on exiting
Marlon pregame at 12.30 Marlon's after fillies they lost a tough one to one last night 105 game time
So we get out of here at 12.30 of this. Oh, right. What a tough schedule man
Life is good even if you don't care about
It's he's just full
George's boy and and Joe's comments there at the interview show. He's got an excellent point
I'm hearing from everybody even people that don't know him that mole looks just like really
Absolutely is are I mean great with that new
Look
Flat top he had
Flat top used to be a haircut, but now it's just
Well, I guess you call it a haircut. Sure cuz he did cut
God mo here's a man seeking to find a head identity
You know, I mean it's one thing for guys that are looking for a head
But this guy's looking for a head identity. Well, what is it? What what can I do with it?
Anyway, here's George's play yesterday what name are you tired of hearing the most well?
I was thinking anyway
Leaving though George W. Voice dreaded and 50. I was watching this morning when Thomas Kane and
Who's the other one Michael came no no from India Lee Hamilton when they handed him the copy his own personal copy
I wonder if they autographed it of the 911 report and
He took it and thank you and he was he
What's the word he
Strutted away and kind of a doofus he walks like a doofus right he talks like a doofus
Abu Garh rep he does things like a doofus. I mean he's a doofus is what he is this person
George W. Bush 350 and look who came in seconds
Yeah, 75 he was least weird while pull a whole poll today about I'm not doing you on that
Oh, no, Merriam elephant 166 Martha Stewart 145 just leave the poor bitch alone
That's a pretty bitch. I got to play that today. Let me forget I haven't played it a long time. You've been playing that?
No, not that was no that
O pretty bitch
Bobo the Tiger he's still dead 106 Scott Peterson 106 she's still dead in the baby, too
Michael Jackson 79 Jessica Simpson 71. Oh, yeah, what did I just say that the other day?
So what is
John Kerry 60 OJ Simpson 57 Mike Dithka 8 and Emerald Lagasse 8 and back in the day after a
Vagassee would have probably played like a little something but I can't
There was a little raspberry a little sneaker no little raspberry is a good for you
I'll be being in curtain today. I don't know what to say about this. I mean Joan Blondelle who I've got you 90% of this audience
How many people in a whole audience you think know who Joan Blondelle was?
Oh
Old old actress with huge jugs Joan Blondelle and there she is stark naked. Yeah, and clean clean shave shaving
Like well, I hear that and I picture she shaving better than Moe is what I'm here
But anyway, we're pretty close here stuff
Maybe we can get maybe more since he's got this whole new altitude now
On some days maybe he'd be a kind enough to volunteer for a picture. We could put a new picture of the new
Flat top Moe against the old bad wig Moe. I think was the doctor that performed the surgery on that hair piece
Anyway
Oh
I forget absolutely Joan Blondelle born August 30th 1906 if you were alive today, which he's now she'd be a whole 98 almost
Born in New York City died December 25th 1979 of leukemia
known as wise cracking big boob blue eyes whatever and
That's quite a picture although I don't want to talk about it. That's a wise crack
The interesting part about this on IMDB the biography of Joan Blondelle is that
She made a movie she died in 79 and her last movie the woman inside came out in 81
So if they were just using the dead bodies of prop or are they started working out for a long before they released it
The rebel is 79 the champ the glove battered grease the baron opening night. She was in a
Zed in if I would we'd be at ballgame time if I were to read all the movies that she was in Joan Blondelle. She sure got a lot of work
I mean just unbelievable one ton ton the dog who saved Hollywood would her take all
Dead don't die and evidently that might have been the case with her
Vannions support your local gunfighter the thinks
Here comes the brides a cognac of Kona coast the real McCoy TV series and she she was all over the place
So there she is the how to be the curtain if we're over the age of a hundred and
You really desperate you might want to take a look at that. She's stark naked. I mean, it's all there in glossy detail
The
September 11th Commission concludes that a failure of imagination not governmental neglect a lot 19 hijackers to carry out the deadliest terrorist attack in US history
The panel calls for an intelligence
Overhaul the confronted al-Qaeda organization in ten on strike and again and here
I thought we had like chopped the head off of al-Qaeda is what I'd heard right I guess they lied to us again
While faulting institutional shortcomings the bipartisan report being released today
Would fact just came out short time ago they handed to it well-presenting
Doesn't blame busher Clinton for mistakes contributing to the 2001 terrorist attacks
The report which is the combination of a 20-month investigation into the plot that killed nearly 3000 people in New York
Washington, Pennsylvania described a meticulous planning and determination of hijackers who sought to exploit witnesses in
Air line and border procedures by taking test flights
A surveillance video that surfaced yesterday shows and why even talk about that thing? I mean what does that video mean?
I've shown it there how many thousand time
And it's just a grainy video and there's these guys waltz and through and you can't even really make out their face or who they are or what they're doing
Although I thought it was pretty interesting where that one
When I one guy stuck to the detector
The president bracing for a report that'll be sharply critical of the government's intelligence
Intelligence gathering said yesterday he was looking forward to somebody reading it to him
He also said his administration was doing everything possible to combat terrorism
Uh Richard Clark, you know that Osham Prabhakit to a troublemaker who tells the truth too often
Dick Clark former counterterrorism saw her in the Clinton Bush administration
And now at ABC consultant said on the networks good morning america show the commission avoided controversy
To get unanimity they didn't talk about a number of things like what effect is the war in Iraq having on our battle against terrorism
Did the president paying the attention to terrorism in the first nine months of his administration?
The controversial things the controversial criticisms of the Clinton administration as well as the
Bush administration just aren't there he said what they didn't do was say that the company is actually not safe for now
Then it was then because of the rise in terrorism after our invasion of Iraq like somebody once said on the show
We stirred the hornet's nest and now they're buzzing all over the place
Which has nothing to do with the comedy guys for that
Now really you you talk about over kill that well went on in this market not just on this radio station
But all the TV channels and everybody in South Florida you you're a bunch of crazy people you really are
It means the alien thing practically pale into what significance I would say at least for it
It is not going to last that long but at least for a day
It was just even when you wiped your ass it was
Intensive I every no matter what happened it was just out of control
I was peeing and learning about shak at the same time
Here's today's poll and you better vote fast because we got that ball game at 1230
We don't want to you forget about it. It's very important
How excited are you about the Shak trade
I've got four choices on here now. Maybe I left some out. I don't know we could answer but I think I think I like what I'm there
Yeah, mine too
Anyway, how excited are you about the Shak trade very I'm pumped
somewhat I couldn't give a Schmidt less or who the F is Shak those are your four choices. I think that covers it pretty well. Yeah
Big ball-headed dark-complicted guy who and then what I did go in the other room when he finally I and again
I we don't want to have Josh court is getting other spanking from Duff but
I'm sitting here and I open the pot there from the score because I I could see when Pat Riley started talking
And I don't really know what got on the year from this end or from your ass end or from over there. I know what happened
And then I'm trying to communicate and say uh can I get out of here now?
Can I go in the other room and make some lunch and just uh
Waltz away just walk away just
But I was getting no communication because I guess Josh was so whipped up about he probably was like
Yeah, I forgot to turn your pattern right you forgot to putt
So I've been doing that yeah, he was having a big
Attack and I wouldn't it's one surprise me if they changed the name of the big Mac to the big
When you think at least in South Florida everything's changing down here right
So I went in the other room and I had to score on the TVF punched it over and I saw about three minutes of it
Especially I love the part when he was talking about how overwhelmed he and his wife were by the incredible welcome in Miami
And about there was like just like the president
At that point I went to another channel and made lunch here's a wife
He has a wife you know he has a wife
Oh, it is just so and to me what it says it speaks volumes about how desperate the poor people of South Florida really are
I mean, they're just ain't nothing going on except grotesque thunderstorms and
Mosquitoes the size of bowling balls and heat and humidity the likes of which even in the deserts of Africa
You seldom see other than that. It's great in the summertime
So here was the chance to grab on to something. Please let me grab on let me uh hold on to it anything like
right
So we'll take that pool and see how it like I'm gonna have to think about my vote
Let's get that thing on Eric. Let's get with it
I'm voting right now. Oh, I probably have to refresh okay. Hi. Yeah, we shack it
Okay, I just re-shacked my thing
There it is. Well, let me think about this one for a while
Wait 1013 at 560 wqa and marlins on deck at 1230 to which we say yeah
Love those marlins firstly when they play early games
Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs?
Let oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business
payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefit human resource services and risk management
Or just a few of the services that oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable
Call oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation column
1 866 at oasis. That's 1 866
2 8 6 27 47 with more than 60 000 employees worldwide
Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management
outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as the powerful management choice
Which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to oasis outsourcing
So let the good folks at oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable
That's what it's all about for a free evaluation column tool for you today no obligation call 1 866 at oasis
That's 1 866
2 8 6
27 47 for oasis outsourcing
My life and local
This is 4356
It's day life with Miami Challenge
And Flight 6-0 WQ-H
Everybody
A separate body
All the time
That's the way of life in Florida
For a head off with face in anger
And hostile
Headroom
Towns
Everybody
Hades everybody
All the time
Absolutely
Driving on tolerance and fear
It's where
It's a franchise congregation
And they don't
Want to hear
You're blind
They're added to quite sour
With a machete
A breadless slice you
To the bones
Then
In the gridlock of rush hour
So when do
Someone calls you
Mad and cold
Everybody
Hades everybody
All the time
Fear of dying
Lashing in
What do you do
Thanks, great!
Break sound
Break in
The freezes
Wash
Teens
From
Pompano
Fee
You
Oh yeah
It's 1019 at 560 wQ
And look at that we already got 65 votes
We're going to get a lot of action on this one
Maybe I think we can stroke a raw
Nure man
Yes
I want to retire a desert about this one person the day before
The day before
The day before
The fact that you're in that story that you don't want
That I want
You win it again
They were doing it all day yesterday
All day on Tuesday
Cut the crap you get all day
You might have called a new simple
New quiz
New quiz
Already old about the
You have a wrong
Yeah
Trash
Faction 2 and a God is okay
Faction 2
What is found
Take of course
Give me a break
Oh and Al Franken's numbers in the New York are like
0.00
See the overall book there
I'm making a big deal
He beat out Bill O'Reilly
Because they had that huge month in April
When it first got the 80 billion dollars
With the free publicity
And after they sampled
Erum, a scare America for a little while in June
It was like
Get the search party
We can't find the audience
I just mentioned it again
Passing
For Pete Vulture
65 votes already on our
Very very important survey today
In fact I'm refreshing
And I wouldn't surprise me if there's like over 70
And just about
77
WABC
How excited are you about the
Trade
I couldn't give a shmit less 47
That's what I voted
What a surprise
I mean not only don't I care
I'm not even a little teeny tiny
Bit
You know I mean not an Iota
Not a little uh
That a smidge
No no
And 61% agree with that
Very I'm pumped 13
16.8% of people out there
Whose main motto in life is
I have no life
16.8%
They're pumped
Who the F is shack
11 people said that
And somewhat six kind of like lukewarm
Like I guess I'm excited
Because the media said
Oh what does this say
For the last three days
Oh sorry
Oh I see a break
This is the page
I've tried sending this a couple of times
I get a communication
Yeah that's because
George keeps
Canceling the faxes
We don't want it
We already got this
We haven't even talked about it
Whatever
And even know what it is
It's those Arabs
If we were talking about it this morning
In the jungle
Around the plane
Oh yeah
This woman is a crazy woman
From the
Woman's Wall Street Journal
As Annie Jacobson
She's a wackier than a fruitcake
Okay we don't want it
We don't want it
She was not last night
She needs help
There's also
You want to really read about it
Go to salon.com
There's a really good article
I just got through reading about her
But it's
Already look
We only got two hours to go here
And then they keep faxing this craft
There's amateur program directors out there
Want to tell me what to talk about
And what bedtime stories to read
Well, screw you okay
Thanks anyway but screw you
Now let's see here's a fax that says
I'm sitting here waiting to see what
Chak's reaction is
When he comes to fight out about neo-roger's
Will he react like that linebacker
That went to the distance
No that wasn't about me
No that was about
Somebody else
Are you sure?
Yeah that was about Phil Henry
In fact he also didn't say that to me
Or Phil Henry was the mad dog
Oh right
He said that too
Well see see what I mean again
Yeah
You know every all these people
We didn't know their crap
Not
They don't know what they're talking about
Where the hell is that
Where's the whole thing
Oh here it is
Hey Brian
Are you happy
Yeah see what mad dog he was talking to
I had to chop it off every night
And then they do it that
Suck my s***
Something like that
Chak
You suck my chak right
At any rate
It says
Well he react like
Or will he
You become his favorite banana
He ain't gonna pay any attention to this show
Okay the sports nerds
The only one who does recognize this show is Pat Riley
He listens to this show he gets it
Remember he was saying to the worst team about
You guys are just the lead infernoid managers
Remember that's right
Pat Riley even when that's licked on here
He gets it
He's okay in my book
Okay even when he's
Look at that
That's what I'm saying
Sports nerd people
But at least he's got a sense of humor
The other people
I mean you think like Jimmy Johnson
You think he paid attention to this
And then of course the brain stem
Remember that
Oh then the rider still on the air
Yeah he's got a lot of funny guys
The brain stem
Anyway what I'm trying to say is
Which has very outward personnel to
He'll react to who I acknowledge you at some point
He will how this will evolve
I
You know what I shouldn't care less
I couldn't care less
If he likes the show he hates the show
And let me say it again
Very jackass
Hi Mr. Sia
That must be slipping in my old age
On Saturday there was a column with very jackass
And probably it's the heralds fault
They probably just stuck it in there in their website
Because the website blows
Where he goes out about over the fan
In 1400 they're carrying Tony Bruno and Roe me now
And QN what do I like to carry some of the Fox Sports program
Meaning overnight to replace that crappy sporting news radio
But they couldn't
QN couldn't find clearance to put
Jim Roe and Tony Bruno on from 9am to 3pm
Which was another little shot there by very jackass
Oh yeah and of course I'm sure clearance agrees
Clarence would he would probably lick a dust toenails
If they find a way to get this show off
And then we have to chop Joe down to an hour
He doesn't care
And then we have to chop an hour off the mad dog
Same pay
Oh right
In mind
So we can get Tony Bruno and Jim Roe on here
Get more of that pure sports on here
So we can really talk about
Intensely and seriously about what a genius he is
Da da da da da da da da da da
Oh brother
Yeah
There he is
Dumb
I think dumb is the operative word am I right
Absolutely
Dumb dumb dumb
Anyway
111 votes
We're going to get a zygian votes on this one man
They are whipped up into a frenzy because they got
FIVER
Remember that song by the bg's
Shackered and I fever
Yeah
That'll be on the greatest hits collection
Rubbing
I'm more a stony tad burger
Oh Christ don't go to Mount Sin
Whatever you do
He's dead
I want to play just just that little bit of it that we can play
In fact I'm wondering what we can't play on there maybe
Huh
I love this
The media raspberry
Oh is there maybe I don't know
So I was standing there one day
Not thinking I was dying
From being able to make
Do do do do do do
Oh my god
I should never be finished
Oh no
Okay
Back was me trapped
To the side
With our own
I don't know
No no no no no no no no
Oh
Morris give is still dead
That's the bad news
We're very sorry we apologize
On behalf of Mount Sin
I there they can butcher anybody
Any hospital like to kill you
111 votes
How excited are you about the Shack Trade
Baby about good old shack
Weel O'Neill Roger
You good
I couldn't give a shmit less
66 that's almost 60 percent
Very on pump 22 almost 20 percent
Your pump baby pump it
Who the F is Shack 12
And somewhat 11 out of 111
This should tell you a lot about what's going on in America
Crowds are flocking to a hardware store and Rio Grand Valley, Texas
To see an image of Jesus that's appeared on a tinted window at the business now you can see it
I go to our website and click on the
When you click on this story
About people seeing their Jesus in the window
Just click on the link to the original story and you can see the pictures where there is absolutely
There's nothing there please as
The image first appeared on a true value hardware store window in July 19th and closed employees to what it
Where it came from since being discovered the image hasn't faded
People at the store agree the image resembles the face of Jesus Christ with a crown of thorns
Jesus Christ how do we know what the face of Jesus Christ look like when you come right down to
What it's up for Mel Gibson do we really have any idea no?
Do we really know if there was a Jesus Christ? No, no, I have my doubts
Anyway, I go to church whenever I get a chance
But I'm not a spiritual person. I do believe especially now resident set up to sing the window
Watch local channel six in uh, wherever this is where is this Houston Dallas somewhere
I'm gonna wear a real grand Valley Texas is I'm sure somebody knows watch channel six in Texas somewhere and they'll give you all the details
1027 at 560 WQM speaking of fun now you got another choice not just the
Musgrave look from Moe, but now you got the flat top look absolutely on you evolving guys not here
I just put a before and after picture on there and then take a poll on which one they like best
There you go that would be good that would kill a pool one day good
You like moe the flat top moe or the uh muskrat moe who do you let's go?
Anyway, if you don't want to look like a clown like moe or like sand Donaldson or some of the other silly embarrassing people with bad pieces
Charles up here is the guy you want to talk to no uh plugs in the head no holes in the head no dangerous pills no
BS
What you will have is great natural looking hair that looks like the real thing which Charlie's amazing
Natural hairline system for over 35 years Charlie's been doing it for guys who are losing their hair for guys who are bald
Is a bowling ball is a cubal and Charlie's new skill like hair system is a hundred percent
Undetectable. That's how great it looks because it looks like real hair grown out of your scalp and Charlie gives you a guarantee for 30 days
Where the system for a month and if you don't love it and the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting more
Xenon you ever have in your life then return it for a full refund what's not to like so don't delay if you want to really look great
Forget about the flat top look and the muskrat look and all of a sudden the crap and change your life forever
Look better and younger than you ever thought you could again call toll free today for all the details. There's no obligation
1 800 321 24 13
1 800 321 24 13 or check it out on the web at Charles Alphiari.com
All the live and local
They say he's 560
The radio's all yours
You win
Welcome
You're listening so they have a title and I'll rank it show
The flagship show of air america um
I have a comedy bit here
That's the wrong
Would you?
Harry
Blodders to
The old break and show
blog
That was a sent to me from August Belch who lives across from the
pizza town USA and Garfield new jersey a very very
talented individual thank you for that
Oh, we have my old friend Tom Davis on the phone
Hi, Tom. I can't believe how bad this is just it's awful. I'm ashamed of ever being associated with you
Well the latest arbitrage shows us as number one against dead air
Thank you
That Tom always such a panic
Joining me in a studio today and
Sitting across the desk from me is the author of deep fried ham and butter beans
Miss Delory is a high-delegue
So do you think Bush is a liar?
I know
Children they be so fine
It's nice to know uh for your stellar life
You look hungry child you lack some macruing cheese
I got some cooking right off the of uh
That old
That beating
Make me not
Feel so in
When I eat that so food my title fits the swell
Then I fall down you know
Oh boy 1034 26 to 11 at 560 WDQ AM
Marlon's on deck at 1230 Marlon's at the police 105 the Humper follows the ballgame
And then we got the big seven we apologize although he is rock solid. It's a K-10 to we got a pristine nighttime line of Christmas
The ballgame got it
But now this facture that you were bitching out first of all this is a chronic regular facture
So we ought to apologize not because he was he says all right
Already I'll stop sending it on your head to say that on tooth. They would have stopped it
How many times did we say that on tooth?
Right and on Wednesday and but he does have a good point and it's your bad my bad
Yeah, it is like that
Says Brian Keith is the white guy from Pam Riker and not David Keith and of course we know who David Keith is
I right I just I just repeated with the art your mistake from Tuesday
Right, I got my Keith Salcon. Yeah, you're exactly David Keith the chorus was born in Knoxville
Tennessee I even did the IMDB and when you see his picture on there you immediately know because we've seen him in 80's in abilities
Including Kerry and Sabre tooth and hangman's curse and deep shock and mother ghost and the stick up behind enemy lines and tracks
Did you say Kerry?
Love and treason burning down the house go hoots epic men of honor men of dishonor secret of the Andes. Oh, brother
Red blooded American girl judge and jury this guy makes how many movies a year?
About 30 men rather
But very well known David Keith so we got Brian Keith Keith David
David Keith and Keith Partridge
now
Let's take a look at what we got on the website so far in our pool
176 votes in about
22 minutes that is shocking
How excited are you about the Shack trade boy?
He's got these people whipped up into a frenzy and look at the way that
The way the one number there is consistent 19.8% of this audience are very excited. They're pump baby
We gonna win we gonna do it maybe because of
right
104 couldn't give us from it less 59%
19.8% are very pumped up and fired up and pissed off 35
Somewhat 21 and who the f is Shack 16 and what rock of those people been hiding under how could you not know who?
At the point if you don't want to know
I'm actually the color online. I know his QA who not there. See I told you they're probably off right now to visit
WDQM. Hello
Can I talk to Uncle Neil speaking?
Uncle Neil yes sir
Is this QAM? No, this is uh, SUN
That's the QN yeah, what do you want pal?
I just want to talk to Uncle that you're talking to him now
Oh
I'm sorry
Neil I
Let's rehash this phone call if you let's go back to the beginning we go back to the beginning
5670560
50560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line is it is it transitor what am I right oh man Uncle Neil
What is he trying to say I have no life
WDQA and the uncle Neil show hello
Hey Neil
The new show rescue me on FX with that theory uh-huh if anybody you know
I was watching it with sort of a jaded eye yesterday and I fell in love with the show
The thing's gonna be ahead number two Tuesday. I went home with a headache after all the crap
I was hearing on the radio and TV
Right
Okay, getting to the point. I was watching my money. Oh Jesus. I was watching my money Python today
Yeah, and they got to the spam thing and every time they said the words spam I heard shack
That would think I
Wasn't today, and I mean, you know, I know they're singing spam spam but I'm hearing shack shack shack shack
I'm looking for a gun. Yeah, I'm playing where to go. I took that tape out. I put in some porn. Oh, I was a happy band. There you go
Yeah, good choice pali
Oh, this shack thing kills me. It's the worst. Okay. I have a great thing that bit's already done speaking of that because we were already
The spam song we played that yeah. Oh, I know forget speaking of money Python. See I'm ready. I mentioned it because reminds me I got to play that uh
If you all bit year
Paul Martin the Prime Minister in Canada pledged the yesterday to reintroduce legislation to decriminalize the position and use a small amounts of marijuana
As a new study shows Canadians use the drug as doubled in recent years
They're smoking it more and enjoying it more
Amid speculation that the new government would drop the legislation under pressure from the United States
The Prime Minister said uh-uh
After the first formal meeting of his new cabinet the bill will be reintroduced this fall
Mr. Martin statement came the same day statistic Canada released a study showing the number of Canadians
Especially younger ones a who admit to marijuana and hash uses almost doubled over 13-year period
The federal agency says about three million Canadians aged 15 and older or 12.2 percent admitted in 2002 to using the two cannabis substances in the previous 12 months
This was up from six and a half percent 1989 7.4 percent in 1994
Marijuana used peaked among 18 and 19 year olds almost 38 percent of that age group reported using marijuana and hash in the previous year
Among those age 15 through 17 the rate was 29 percent almost three and 10
Man and almost all age groups more likely to use marijuana and hash than women and there you go
That's the rest of the story
So despite pressure from the neon withdrawal USA the Canadian government said oh my dear own business get lost
1040 for all we'll cut off your smoke meat how do you like that and bat bacon?
No mo no mo smoke meat
Shack I got to see I can't wait to see the picture of mode flat top and if we can't get a real one if he won't go along with that
We can always dummy one up I think I think we have one in the can
uh in the can
Correct them 20 before 11 at five CC that's where my uh spends a lot of time
209 votes how excited are you about the shack trade I couldn't give a shmit less
157.4 percent very I'm pumped 44 it's up to 21 percent
Oh, yeah, she had to want to pee on your parade be a party pooper
21 percent are whipped up to a frenzy
somewhat 28 and who the f is shack 17
Of course of those people claim that they're pumped up how many really were uh, he fans we've been NBA fans in the first place
Third man pony bastards
He haven't told you about a laser recharge the toner recharge cartridge specialist for the past few weeks on the show
A lot of you have made that phone call 182 877 92 12 you've saved a lot of money and you're printing your office equipment supplies
For those of you who haven't called what you'd be waiting for a laser recharge has got ink shits thermo carbon paper supplies
They provide service supported maintenance for most mixing models of machines to make them run like new again
When you call 1 800 287 92 12 you'll deal with
Just Bob. He's the sole owner has been supplying businesses and software with what they need most cases within 24 hours for a long time
a laser recharge can save you up to 50 percent on new cartridges compared to depot pricing and
Listen carefully to this all the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are remanufactured
Not refill anybody can study a cheap piece of crap refill cartridge
But keep in mind you want to get what you pay for
Remanufactured cartridges are the smart way to go a laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers
Coffeers and faxes along with brother and zerox drums and boy do I love my brother printer and the faxer and copier etc
a laser recharge is probably the individual a service software
No questions asked satisfaction guarantee too
So if you need toner cartridges or anything else just pick up that phone to call just Bob from a laser recharge
toll-free at 1 800 287 92 12 that's 1 800 287 9212 or check them on the web at a laser recharge dot com
Yes
You a
The David's a bet she's a little number I wrote the other day without duck hunting with a judge
That you very much the FCC
You very much for finding me
5,000 bucks so I'm really out of luck as more than high a deflice was guaranteed me
So you very much the FCC
Of proving that free speech just isn't free
Clear channels a dear channel. So how it's done must go
That's an e-general hash-crunk doesn't like strong words and so
He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rightfully low
So you won't so very much
So you very much here mr. Bush
For here rowy curly sitting on your touch rag home
For halibut and n-ron all the companies
Let's send them a clear signal and stick Martha straight in jail. She's an upper-tier rich bitch. Honestly, she isn't
So
So you
And everything you do
Your pace maker must be a fake you haven't got a lot
As far as I'm concerned you're just a face to face or false and ask for con believe that she's a intellectual
So for your so very much
So you very much
For giving all the last guys oil away
It really is a bummer when I can't film my hammer
The ozone and no goes on now that Arnold's here to say the new career in the games are going to take place in LA
So you also very much
So what the planet fails let's save the great white males
You also very much
I mean, what was all that business about you know Arnold's father was a not to hear something like that or grandfather
What was that?
Something like that. Yeah, I mean, why should we be worried about that when a president and the device president and the
Well, all these people are Nazis anyway. We never met a Nazi. We didn't like talking to anybody not see that
exactly even
Knows that
262 votes on our poor hearts said to you about the shak trade. They me are you whipped up about or what?
Huh, and they are they are so easy man you people are like a bunch of sheep like a flock
143 couldn't give a shmit less including me and George although I'm sure that Josh Kordister is somewhat enthused
I'm all whipped up. Oh, yeah
No, you're not see the you you'll say anything just to suck up for that sports crowd
Okay, just so you don't get another spanking from duff so you didn't see the sarcastic expression on his face
I I heard it you didn't have to see it. I heard it dripping. It was dripping with sarcasm
That's what does that here that was dripping
262 votes. I couldn't give a shmit less 143 very excited on pump baby 59
22 and a half percent
Intensive
somewhat 41 somewhat kind of like okay, I'll hop on and who the hell is shak who the f is shak
7.2 percent almost 300 votes here in the first a little over half an hour
We may like do some big numbers here today. Of course we got the ball game at 1230 that always screws everything up
Yeah, that's a bad thing there for some not for us though
WQM. Hello
You know the linda ron said business in the LED me a bit. Yeah
Winding up for summer tour across Europe rhythm and blue singer Bonnie Ray through thunderous applause at the Stockholm
Jazz Festival in Stockholm for dedicating a classic to us president George W. Bush
We're gonna sing this for George Bush because he's out of here people wrote great
Prod to the night before she launched into the opening licks of your good things about to end a cover that was featured in her
1970 on album but glow
The song written by Isaac Hayes and David Porter has been sung by several notable performers including
Mabel John Lou Rawls and others
rates comments resulted in a rod of applause even whistles from among the estimated 3000 classic go is that the Swedish
Capitals annual jans event held on the banks of the downtown
Skepsch Holman Island
Swedes are skeptical of Bush and the Scandinavian country refuse to support his efforts in the invasion of Iraq and the Iraq attack which Iraq rhymes with
The 9-time Grammy Award winner is no stranger to political activism or website or just fans learn more about preserving the environment
She was a founding member of muse or munitions. Yeah, musicians. Yeah, I had for safe energy
How do you like that? You go girl?
Bonnie rate linda ron. I don't really care about Bonnie rate but nevertheless my hair. I tip my captor
And linda ron. Stead. I love linda ron. Stead and I even more than ever before a little bit ain't that the rotor if that's possible
I full tower evacuated after hopes warning of 9-11 style attack
French authorities rushed thousands of tourists out of the I full tower after receiving a warning that a plane was about to crash
And the famous Paris landmark police and the towers management be saying
Around 4,000 people were evacuated from the 300 and the thousand they're doing meters here now. Sorry
The thousand seventy foot structure which is post for two hours before police ascertained that the threat was a hoax and it was reopened just kidding
The company managing the tower S N T E said in the statement that it received an anonymous message which figured the alert
They also had a thing on that amtrak train this morning. New York for Washington trade to see that
No
And the police came on a question to everybody and they thought there was some kind of like a terrorist
Now they just came on and frisked everybody into check their passports and IDs and
Just the way it's going to be
It's just part of the picture is the patriotic act is what it is
5670560 we want to hear about what's his name? That's it. Sorry excuse me
Over and over again. That's what I hear about all day today tomorrow. No week from circus
I apologize exactly we're not being intensive enough
You want a piece of me?
5670560
21.1 percent man or whipped up even this audience which we have a lot of people are really quite frankly don't care about
Scroll ball and stuff like that
But man they're whipped up into a psychotic frenzy because there ain't nothing else going on and uh, I have no right right
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, good morning. Yeah, sir Shaq line
Listen, I run across a new product for people that are in danger of being
Board the death by all the Shaq talk. Yeah, it's called the Shaq alert
It's like the first alert system you wear it and when it when you're in danger of something coming out about Shaq
Put you to sleep until a danger's passed. Oh, I don't need that if I I'm already in a coma as soon as I hear the name
Uh, don't you hate what's going on?
Well, then we have to leave it. It's one more good reason that I'm here and you're there
For the way I guess but I'm leaving on him sports
Not too and I just talk
First of all correct me if I'm wrong, but they knew for many many many days ahead of time
This was just a matter of time before I deal with being done deal
I was no news no breaking news nothing news said. I mean just uh
Just a formality that's all what's the big simmous yeah, it's it's insulting to I think the sports fans who really enjoy sports
And don't have to listen to all this you know, well keep keep in mind there's a difference between a difference between a sports fan and a sports nerd
Have a good valley and don't forget
Okay
56705 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line we get a big dark-complexed guy with a big bald head even bigger than Joe roses
head
And uh, that's it
He's getting a little on the crusty side getting a little up there in the years. He's not that old. What is he 32 33 some like that?
Yeah getting a little old
By NBA standards NBA like the NHL
Any each other and by speaking to the NHL, you know your panthers may have played the last game ever
I know that Georgia is disbanded about that probably another reason remember is glad to be getting out of time
I don't think there might be any because it they had some talks yesterday the union and the elite and the it's looking really grim for an NHL season
So how about that wHA? All right
At least it'll be a cheaper tickets anyway
wqm hello
And back at you. That's your buddy wqm. Hello
I don't know what he's up to to me. Check all the way back. What is it?
What do you say something about shackle or shackle shackle and shackle and uh jekyll wqm hello
Line nine qm hello
567 o560 see what I'm saying. I have no idea. Oh
Absolutely. That's what you have left there right now everybody else you have the town around vacation
That's why the such a tremendous at least it was a diversion
It was something anything just give me something, you know
Somebody qm shackle line
Hey, how you doing? All right. Got some information. That's rock solid
Remember one shacks the big dumb animal and uh rubbery solid
Robert get out and you see we're fun in the first 400 times give it a rest
See, I like that guy before but these people you give them a little uh encouragement right away at air every single day
Papa yeah, you're boring. Okay, we like robber creeper. Okay
If I told you that once I've told you that nine times we like robber creep
We even always are self-hating a little edgy and right wing politically confused in the probably a closet case
And couldn't get laden amped to them in spite of all those things. We uh don't mind him that much, you know
We got plenty of people who we dislike a lot worse than robber creeper at wqm I guarantee you that am I right about that?
ah
Roy 10 56 at five 60 and then of course, I could I could always say you can't say, but I could say uh great
But then you don't want to get in trouble. I have a better contract
Of course then again, so does the janitor 10 56 four minutes before 11 at five 60 wqm
Early and I want to have a wife in the Marlon pregame show thank god
A time to be hearing about the low-carb epidemic that's going on
If you tried to cook for it and then wasted the money hated the food and didn't even get the results
You were praying and hoping for and of course you've heard me talk about balance for life for quite a while now
They've come up with an unbelievable way to afford the program for five dollars off the regular daily price on
Daily, but this isn't a special. This is for real a lifetime membership to balance for life
Anytime you want to enjoy the service you can resize it the membership price
What if I told you you could have the company prepare three meals and two snacks for you every day
What if I told you that all the meals are based on the successful
Dr. Biri or is that Brian Sir is don't diet? What if I told you they'll even deliver it right to your doorstep
What if I told you they give you a menu so you can make your own choices?
By the way, that the only company that does that
What if I told you that you will lose weight that you will lower your cholesterol that you will lower your blood pressure
That it will help your diabetes
I know it sounds too good to be true, but it is true because I've tried a lot of folks in our audience to try them
The food is delicious and if you stick with it
It really can work for you people on balance for life are losing an average of 15 pounds from up and you can be doing the same
So why wait call now toll free at 1 866
225 45 43 that's 1 866
225 45 43 or check them on the web at balance for life dot com
I know
This is 20
5
You weigh
Amanda
I have to
I
All right
That
Where
I
Look at you that won't stay on
There's love
Shake my butt
Turn right on
But there's a place
Excuse
I
Did
근데
2
Because it's such a beauty, it's one of those things I work for.
The beats aren't your bad girl, how to make it grow?
With my body and booty, that's where they are, blood flow.
Because it's such a beauty, it's one of the things I work for.
The beats aren't your bad girl, how to make it grow?
That's what they call her for short.
11.02 at 5.60 WQA.
I just can't get over it.
Well, there ain't nothing that don't rhyme with, or I guess you covered that all yesterday with a blanket.
No, not completely.
But they have to be cost-secure for short.
Those who don't work quite so well just call her Akira.
332 votes in 45 minutes.
I'm just astounded.
You could knock me over with a feather at this point.
332, how excited are you about the Shack trade?
Excuse me, about the Shack trade.
I couldn't give a shmit less, just changing in 335.
178 votes here, I couldn't give a shmit less.
And of course, that's the rational response.
53.1%, very pumped up, whipped up into a frenzy.
21.1%.
Somewhat, 62.
And who the F is Shack, 24.
As in what is wrong with you people?
Are you absolutely out of your mind?
Are you crazy?
Are you insane?
Are you over the top?
Are you out of control?
Man, you talk about the media being...
I couldn't believe it when you kept potting up.
What channel did you have on?
I guess it was all of them.
It was six since in particular.
Oh my God.
And even I want to tell you, I don't want to tell you,
it tells out of school as the old saying goes.
But Joe Rose feels pretty much, he also realizes how ridiculous this all is.
And he has to put on a happy, excited face and you know, the old Gap tooth look.
I am pretended he's as excited as he's supposed to be, but guess what?
Not a chance.
And even Muff Lindsay came in this morning and admitted to me that it was just...
And what went on in that time on Tuesday was nothing short of insanity of mass madness
as Hollywood would say.
Man, he said it was a real pain in his...
Correct him.
But then again.
Come like toilet paper.
Fahrenheit 9-11's impact worries Republicans.
Good, anything that worries Republicans makes me a lot happier.
Republicans initially dismissed Fahrenheit 9-11 as a cinematic screen
that would play mostly the Inventory Bush Bashers.
Four weeks and 94 million dollars later, the film is still pulling in movie goers
at 2,000 theaters around the country, making Republicans nervous as it settles into the American mainstream.
And with all this hysteria about those Syrians on the plane,
we keep coming back to that one scene in the movie again about how many boxes,
how many match books and how many cigarette lighters you can carry on the plane.
Well, what are they thinking about?
cigarettes?
No, no, seriously, how is that possible that you can allow anything that's...
combustible or can cause any kind of a spark on a plane.
You have to be a lunatic even before 9-11.
I'm not sure if, of course, keep in mind that once upon a time back in the day
you could smoke on a lot of planes back in the day.
Not probably a pretty good idea.
Oops, there's a spark, oops, we're dead.
I'm not sure if it moves voters, the open consultant Scott Reed said,
but if it moves 3 or 4% it's been a success.
Two senior Republicans, closely tied to the White House,
said the movie from director Michael Moore,
seemed as a political headache because it has reached beyond the democratic base.
Independence and GOP-leaning voters are likely to be found sitting beside those
set to revelance depriction of a clueless president with questionable ties to the oral industry.
If you are a naive and committed voter wander into a theater
you aren't going to come away with a good impression of the president.
Republican operative Joe Gaylord said,
it's a problem only if a lot of people see it.
Well, guess what they are.
Based on a record breaking gross of $94 million through last weekend,
theaters already have sold an estimated 12 million tickets to Fahrenheit 9-11.
A Gallup survey concluded July 18, the conducted July 8-11 said,
8% of American adults had seen the film at that time,
but that 18% still plan to see it at a theater,
and another 30% of American adults had seen it on video.
More than a third of Republicans nearly two-thirds of Independence told Galopy
had seen it respected to see the film of theaters around video.
Third, high-nine-loving opening June made me in local young theater,
especially on film and time audiences and the audio.
When he sat down to watch the film at the varsity theater in Des Moines and Iowa last weekend,
Rob Sheezy, who did the Harbor Antibush feelings two hours later,
he left with conflicted emotions.
You want to respect the president, Sheezy, who said,
he raised a lot of questions.
And Anonako, so nice going Michael Moore, you go, boy.
And you two landed around Staten School, those asked,
wipes at the Aladdin.
What a nice comeback there was.
I like it.
Cut it on the headphones.
Yeah, that was beautiful.
I did a little pause there.
Why you can say, ask, why?
Suck!
Right.
Or you can say, why?
Why did you hear this?
It's official Clear Channel Counter-Sews Infinity.
Oh my God.
Clear Channel Communications yesterday filed a counter-claim against
infinity broadcasting seeking $3 million in damages
tied to Clear Channel's cancellation of the Howard Spurms show on six of its stations.
Clear Channel claims it was forced to cancel the show after infinity and
stern refused to guarantee that the show wouldn't draw more in decency
fines from the FCC.
The counter-sew was filed in the same New York Federal Court which
infinity on June 30th by the $10 million breach of contract
suit against Clear Channel over its decision to yank Stern from its airwaves.
The radio show was told because Mr. Stern and infinity refused to assure us
that future programs would conform to the law.
Clear Channel Chief Legal Officer Andy Levine said that was a key
term in the agreement and we gave them every opportunity to make good on their
work before we permanently retired the show of it added.
We simply weren't willing to put the future of our radio station licenses in the hands
of Mr. Stern and infinity.
Fortunately our contract doesn't require us to do that.
Unfortunately Greg Readin and Presisting Me Making Any Moose because they finally
are coming to their senses and realizing that he's a manifestly irresponsible
lunatic.
Is there any other kind?
No.
So there you go.
That's clear Channel Infinity.
They're aduking it out.
But middle class families do.
5670560, pound 568 TNT and Verizon line.
361 votes.
We're going to do I think 400 by 1115 or close to it in an hour.
In the dog days of the summertime when there's nothing going on except...
I have no life.
I couldn't give a shmit less about check.
That's our poll question.
How said to you about the shack trade?
You whipped up and you're getting sucked in with a frenzy, you're getting lumped in with all the sheep out there
is added or what?
190 people say they couldn't give a shmit less.
That's 52.6% very pumped and whipped up into a frenzy.
I'm flagged late myself with chains over here.
I'm so excited.
76 people, 21% said that.
Somewhat.
Somewhat excited.
70.
And who the FB shack 25?
WQM Hello.
Good one.
WQM Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Neil, I saw Fahrenheit.
Great, great movie.
I highly recommend it to anybody who hasn't seen it.
Only one problem with Michael Moore.
He thinks people in your tax bracket should be taxed at 70%.
What do you think about that?
Scream.
Exactly.
Bye-bye.
5670560, I didn't say it was perfect.
He's fat.
He affects your mental process many times.
Town 560, I should just do my stuff here.
Okay, because we're not going to get a lot of calls.
Just the quizzlings in the drags are left in town.
We're not going to leave them to you.
G. Thanks.
WQM Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Now.
I was channel surfing on Tuesday night.
I was going through the cable channels.
I ended up on the 700 club.
Because it's so far.
For entertainment purposes only of course.
But yeah, it was listening to what they were saying.
And they had something to talk about, the President Bush and print what's like, I think printed.
Bandar.
Bandar.
They were a contra password, didn't they pretty much what he was in relationship
with the Saudis.
And I always thought that the right-wing Chris is one of Bush's side.
Meaning what?
Meaning they were saying that that's that wasn't good and it was bad for business.
Yeah, stuff like that.
I mean, maybe they don't like that.
Right here, too.
Do you ever stuff anything about that?
Yeah, actually, because they were saying that the Muslims want to rule the world and
all that.
So I just felt like, yeah, because I thought they were the demographic George Bush has
backing him.
But I found out that they didn't like all this Saudi monkey business that was going on.
So I just wanted to say that and let me show you.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
5.6705.6705.6505.60 on the 18.
Don't you understand?
The religion is to all hate each other.
All the believers out there.
The one thing they believe in is hate.
That's what it's all about.
Religion equals hate and tolerance.
Everybody hates everybody else all the time is what I'm thinking.
Everybody hates everybody all the time.
That's the way of life is flourishing.
Absolutely for hate.
I was raised in anger.
Well, there you are.
That's enough of that for right now.
That's it.
I love all of these.
There's a great test.
Thank you, Bokobrani, your okay, and our book, even with that bald head.
That'd be a big pull question.
Who's got the best bald spot?
Bokobrani, now that we've finally got that muskrat out to the pasture.
Right?
Choice-ratford.
Choice-ratford.
See if you don't know who that is.
Who made Mike in sales?
They don't know who that is either.
And you know what?
They're lucky.
Stay away from that, Mike.
Let's let people like mad Mike.
I had a kind of people who hang around in the parking lot every day.
And you just never know what today is going to be, which day that somebody like that very quiet, very strange.
I was just going to explode.
Right.
You know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about?
Just go up into white's tower with like a shotgun and...
With an oozy.
You just start to get a little red.
Right.
Just start to own attack.
That's not official, but I'm hearing the rumor that I just started that McDonald's is going to change the name of that burger from Big Mac to the Big T.
That's what I'm thinking.
Yep.
And probably not a bad idea if he asked me.
Tony Romitz, you're going to order a shack of ribs now.
There you go.
How about the...
Well, they have a place called the burger shack, don't they?
But they did have.
Like somewhere else.
Right.
Well, it could spell over there.
With a Q.
We'll even loan them the Q from WQAM.
Or I'll loan them the Q from Ms. In the...
Quizzling.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM,
whether you're moving or renovating, that's the best time to call 1-800 mattress.
Make that first night in Dreamhouse, heavenly, with a brand new top-quality brand-day mattress and dial amatris.
You pick the date and time for delivery to fit your move in schedule.
And dial amatris is on time, 99.7% of the time.
Nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattresses sets.
Ready for mattresses sets?
Sizzes?
For me to deliver them dial amatris.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you get a great mattress.
Head of this count on beatable price.
You won't have to schlep all around town in the rain in the heat.
dial amatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau,
Local Torts of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from the complete line of C. Lee's,
sort of King Coral Simmons, temperate even Stearns of Banana's Foster.
All the smart folks and even some not-to-bright at QAAM
because they know it's a good deal of called 1-800 mattress for their beds.
You ought to be doing the same.
Don't get ripped off in those bedding and department stores
paying for the big overhead.
Get an unbeatable deal, unbelievable deal at dial amatris.
Just make that one easy call.
They'll be knocking on your door at no time at all.
1-800 mattress, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, or online, it's mattress.com.
Line and local,
We're sports radio, 5-60-C-U-A-M.
Freedom and fake cheese.
Facts by the man,
by the man,
Jim and Cashier,
the garbage can,
Seven looks,
it is suit,
right now next to the fighting suit, big bucks.
Big bucks was by the man.
Bites the dark,
fools the dark,
cranking up all the moral stock.
So bliss,
it can't miss,
number one lap of oxalibis,
big bucks,
big bucks to fight a man.
The v-a-t-t-r-s will be packed,
you see it on the screen.
No one cares,
he can't act.
If the mate jumps a dream,
Spider-Man,
Spider-Man,
from the cradle,
the guy gets there.
He's got cubs,
there's no doubt,
all of the movies just watch out, big bucks.
Movie houses are filled with,
he's gonna make it killin',
oh, oh, oh, oh, wow.
I'm 18 and 560,
WQM, I got only a little row to go.
Better talk real fast,
think about 20,000 phone calls between now
and Marlon pregame time,
1230, Marlon's at the Phills 105,
the Humper Octetable game,
and then the big,
touches he is,
Faxal at 780K10,
what is their gambling report?
The Undersen,
The Overs,
and The Ins and The Outs.
WQA, M, Hello.
Yeah, I think it's George?
Yes, go ahead.
Is it George?
Yes.
I wonder why you didn't talk about that letter yesterday yet, that rediculous six-page letter
that you wouldn't talk about.
There was another radio on another station that read the whole goddamn thing.
See, there he goes.
He blurted out one of those words that we can say, which something would damn.
Right?
Yeah.
That rediculous six-page letter that we didn't want that we were talking about, not wanting.
I just got to your Tony about that minutes ago if you have one ear, even that word,
with a little bit of fancy buildup, maybe, but even so, had somebody write it out for
you in the short-term.
It's a pretty nasty work.
Yeah.
We're keeping it from them.
Right.
It was on our website days ago.
It's an old story by now.
It's getting stellar than last year's MOTSA, okay?
Give us a break already.
All right, about the Syrian musicians on the plane and this hyperventilating hysterical
bitch from the Women's Wall Street Journal making a big sentence about it.
It's interesting.
Nobody else is making a big deal about it.
Once they did their investigation, they checked it all out and come to find out that
she's a little over the top.
Little bit like that.
Yeah.
That's another idiot road.
And we don't really give a crap.
Who else was talking about it?
If you're so impressed, somebody else talked about it.
Go listen to them, okay?
Well, what?
Forget about it.
We don't need anybody programming the program.
Got it?
Why didn't you read that letter, George?
Line 9, WQA Am Hello.
Deal?
Yes, sir.
Yes, this is Mike and Girls Point Michigan.
Hey, Mike, how you doing?
Good.
How are you?
Here's a guy that's got a few bucksies and Girls Point.
That's right.
Hey, good.
Hey, you think that Shaq is going to matter against Detroit?
All right.
Oh, boy.
Let me ask you this.
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
Who cares?
See, there's a guy.
He's not listening on the show online.
He has no idea what we're talking about.
He evidently is one of these people that went and looked at a thing in Miami.
I lost sports station, WQA Am, he got the call in number and he calls in, I don't care,
okay?
We don't care about Shaq on the show, okay?
We've got 20 hours of the girl up the butt, all right?
Got it all.
In fact, that should have been the model of the station.
On Tuesday, we got Shaq up the butt.
That's right.
Say it again.
Shaq up the butt.
Shaq up the butt.
Shaq up the butt.
Shaq up the butt.
Shaq up the butt.
Yeah.
I'll just put that on the endless loop, okay?
Shaq up the butt.
Who gives a flying crap who's got an IQ larger than their Tonyil, okay?
You in the sill and Girls Point?
Here's the guy that's got some money, of course, in the when he live in Detroit, what else
you're going to do?
Besides sitting around worried about a bunch of big black guys.
Just wait until they start moving in a gross point, baby.
That's right.
In fact, maybe Shaq and some of his buddies will Shaq up there and gross point.
Then you'll have what for.
Then you'll have something really to be concerned about.
Then they'll have to move you back to Palmer Woods in Palmer Park.
423 votes on that pool.
That's pretty exciting, isn't it?
Yeah, we'll take it.
It means that all 50 of the people who are listening voted eight times.
Then some.
423, how are you about to Shaq trade?
I couldn't give a shmit less to 115, almost 51%.
Somewhat has moved ahead of very much.
Somewhat 92, very excited.
I'm pumped 89, 21%, and who the F is Shaq 27, 6.3%, who are just adamant.
They don't want to know from it.
They don't want to hear from it.
Nothing.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
It's really good on these days when we're not building the pool.
This is proof positive what we've said for almost 30 years.
530, man.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, tell everybody at least tell November to get off Shaq.
Watch us not Shaq.
Yeah, okay.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
The time that refused to care.
The town that refused to think.
The town that refused.
Sounds pretty good, don't it?
Yeah, we'll take it.
12.
WQAM, hello.
To other.
Yes, is this Neil?
Yes.
Yeah, I want to ask everything.
There's something right now.
If you just graduated from basic training in the Army.
Yeah.
And they had charged it when he saw it as a way I racked it now.
They charged him $234 a month for his food out of a private pay.
That comes after the taxes.
And they charged him $75 for a pair of sneakers.
In the, when he was in basic.
Yeah, what would you like me to do about it?
What I want to know is that was it?
Yes.
$75 for a pair of sneakers and they're buying them in hundreds of thousands.
Right.
Oh, I just don't get to this.
Well, probably a downstairs tani maybe owns a little piece in Nike or something.
I don't know.
Get out of here.
I don't understand.
Say he's in basic training.
He signed up.
He volunteered.
We don't have a draft yet.
And she's belly.
He can okay.
Just go with it.
Go with a flow, honey.
Go with a program.
Get with it.
Right.
Lay back and think of England.
Quit the vision.
$5670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
What a place.
Man, it is just a scary thing.
And our discurses make his presence felt this morning.
Thank goodness.
He knows better.
As low as my opinion was at that child before Tuesday morning, his performance on Tuesday.
Oh, well, you can leave it one because we don't want to have those drop ins on here.
We have to handle this thing very seriously.
You just don't understand.
You don't get the magnitude of this event.
Okay.
Yeah, you can.
I get it.
All right.
I get it.
We're working with a bunch of simpletons, man, who are like just so far over the top.
Just grab it out of this thing for in bleeding it and just squeezing the juice out of it for
all they can.
So I try to get blood out of a rock.
I'm not going to say it.
WQAM.
Hello.
This is not.
Oh, yeah.
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
Rock and roll.
Oh, God.
See what I'm saying?
Holy.
What's going on?
We are scraping whatever is under the barcles on the bottom of the ship, which I don't even
want to look there.
Holy crap.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil, you got to play that shack up the butt thing again.
It's hilarious.
Yeah.
I love it.
Yeah, I bet you do.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I bet you do, sweetheart.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, they got to, well, I don't want to.
Because they're going to break.
No, I got to read this article.
It's on our website.
Scott C. Smith writes, the drudge guy to internet journalism.
Rips, Miss, drudge, and ass and deservedly so.
Right.
When you mention ass, Miss Fudge gets all, there's another one for your bald pole.
That's right.
That's so stupid.
The hat that she wears.
By the way, Miss Fudge, I tried to click on something about the math day.
I mean, we had on your website and it went to, you know, you're not entitled to look at this page.
You better get your links straightened out, sweetheart.
Okay, Miss Fudge.
Miss high paid.
Paid for own lock stock and bagels.
Miss Fudge.
Subhating Jew Fag.
And have a nice day.
26 past 11.
I'm saying one thing we're getting.
Well, that's why they're busy voting on the pole over and over again.
Because look at that.
I'm pumped.
It's just past somewhat.
But if you put them two together, though, it's 43%.
That's the scary part.
43%.
Now, do you believe at any point in the almost in the six and a half years have been on this radio station?
Do you believe that at any point, if we asked, are you an NBA fan or are you a heat fan that anywhere near 43% would have said yes?
No.
No chance.
No chance.
None.
Which goes to show you that 43% even of this astute audience, this supposedly a crust above a mentally.
And you just heard of it sampling.
Are still getting sucked in by the media hype.
That's what it's all about.
Life in America is just a hype.
Whoever screams the loudest and makes the most noise.
That's it.
Hey, when you go out to either, you're sick and tired of trying to figure out which menu items are low carb.
What if I told you that there is an affordable fast food low carb restaurant that actually cares about your nutrition and offers you an entire menu that really is low carb?
Cut and carbs, cafes, the name of the place.
It's a fast food low carb restaurant that caters to all you low carb diners out there.
Stop in and try their pounds away pizza that's low on carbs with a high on taste.
And all kinds of fantastic goodies on them and you like way out wraps, carbohydrates with low carbs.
In fact, they got like the cheesy carb.
But he is going to lay seven at carbs.
These so be salads, these soups, healthy way treats, including even factory soft serve ice cream too.
Delicious and taste and very low in carbs.
Cut and carbs, cafe located just outside the Sogrest meal is mall on sunrise, you can call it a 9.5.4.
5.14.001 or check them on the web at cut and carbs cafe.com.
It's either delicious, low carb wraps, pizzas, quesadilla soup salads, snacks, and even ice cream like I said.
Cut and carbs, cafe where you can dinin or take it out.
Just outside the Sogrest meal is mall on sunrise, vulgar arc, stop by or calm 2.00 a.m. at 9.5.4.
5.14.
Oh, oh, oh, one.
9.5.
And low carb, this is 4.00.5.60.
2.00 a.m.
Gotta thank his old man.
We got him out of Vietnam.
He hid in Alabama somewhere.
And then he had to sail his dry oil well.
Saudi oil made him a millionaire.
What's a hard-booting Yale would know where he could fail.
Then talk drunk and went off to jail.
What he got right out.
His daddy's friends had clout.
Enough to fight the Rangers on sail.
Curses, push ass friends in high places.
Or dip jane in the pain and the end lawn mornies.
Going back, can you lay?
Hill pardon him, stay.
Hill, do what he wants in all places.
When you're born rich, you've got all the aces.
George Bush has friends.
I can have places.
Amen.
1132.28 till note at 560.
There's Thomas Kane with the 9.11 Commission report.
But remember also.
Okay.
Let's see.
Scott C Smith, who's a writer and beaverton Oregon.
No less comments for the website counterbikes.com.
He writes, the drugs guy to internet journalism.
Says, Matt drugs likes to think of himself as a journalist.
Anyone who's visited his website, the drug report,
knows that the site is essentially a collection of links to other sites
and the occasional bit of reporting that's encodes by Matt drugs.
Not that Matt drugs actually has any education or training as a journalist.
The closest drug came to the media was managing a CBS gift shop.
In 1995, the earliest version of the drug report debuted as an email newsletter.
The drug report website was launched in 1997 and won a drug as early as scoops
was the revelation by Kathleen William Bill Clinton that the
Bill Clinton and its actually proposition to run federal property
according to the August 18th, 1997 issue of Newsweek.
Drug law reports what he hears without verifying the source.
I have no editor drug told Newsweek.
I can say whatever I want.
Drugs does get the occasional exclusive, but more often than not.
He's essentially a dumpster diver of internet news looking for scraps
that legitimate news outlets have thrown away or relying on unverified email tips from readers.
What propelled Matt drugs into the National Spotlight was his exclusive again in
quotes report on Monica Lewinsky's affair with Bill Clinton.
Michael Isacoff of Newsweek did the actual reporting on the Lewinsky Clinton affair,
but when Newsweek decided to can the story, drugs took Isacoff's material
and ran with it as a drug report exclusive.
Drug specializes in the sensational throwing out real bits of news mixing
with gossip in a new window and people listen.
Thrudge's website gets millions of hits a day.
Drug favors the conservative point of view, so right we're misconcoun on drugs
to pass along stories about Democrats to put them in a negative light.
For example, during the 2000 presidential campaign,
the following headlines appeared on the drug report about Al Gore.
Gore campaign files fly-splag backwards violation of federal code.
Father of internet endorses Al Gore, a popular conservative lie about Al Gore,
is that Gore claimed to have invented the internet.
Gore said homosexuality abnormal and wrong vowed not to take money from gay groups.
The sensational headline does not mention that the story was from 1981.
This was just a small sampling from drugs.
Clearly, Dredge's agenda is conservative, understatement of the century.
Now that the 2004 presidential race is underway,
Dredge is doing his part to publish sensational stories about the Democratic candidates.
Dredge's statistics on John Kerry on January 27, 2004,
reporting that Kerry had taken Botox for wrinkles.
Dredge posted a ledge before an after photographs of Kerry.
Kerry's campaign denied the charge, nor does that matter to not that that matters to Dredge.
Another Dredge exclusive in February was that Kerry had a mistress.
Again, the charge was unfound and quickly refuted.
If anything, Dredge is dedicated to his task.
Dredge made much to do about nothing in March with a story, again, in quotes,
that Kerry called a secret service agent a name after the man bumped into Kerry while Kerry was snowboarding,
causing Kerry to take a spill.
Oddly enough, Dredge did a little reporting of the incident in the Senate on June 22,
when Vice President Dick Cheney called Senator Patrick Leahy over monthly F-word.
Until I eighth, the big Dredge scoop was that John Edwards and John Kerry were gay.
Of course, Dredge never actually used the words gay or homosexual,
but rather made this suggestion with a series of photographs and some breathless prose,
hugs, kisses to the cheek, affectionate touching of the face,
caressing of the back, grabbing of the arm, fingers to the neck, rubbing of the knees,
John Kerry and John Edwards can't keep their hands off each other.
On July 19, Dredge had two exclusive scoops.
Dredge dredged up the tarot boat toss reference with a twist that Kerry had gone back to wrinkles.
After upping for a fresh-based look for most of the campaign year,
then presidential hopeful John Kerry was boldly going back to wrinkles
read the scoop of the century.
The second story is an example of just how dishonest a reporter, again, that word is in quotes,
mad Dredge's, under a huge banner headline,
you're not going to have to look for us on vacation.
Dredge ran a series of photos of John Kerry engaging in numerous activities
and a quote from John Kerry saying, you're not going to have to look for us on vacation.
You're going to find us, Kerry and John Edwards, working for America.
However, Dredge offers no context, nor does he offer any dates for when the photos were taken.
Perhaps John Kerry's an active guy, and does a lot on a weekend.
You wouldn't know it from Dredge, fact checking, verification, accuracy.
These are concepts for and to mad Dredge. Dredge distorts and he decides.
I should have said Dredge distorts and she decides what it should be saying.
We got the pregame Marlon pregame show at 1230.
Are they saying noon? That sounds like a plan.
Okay. At 1230, then we got the Volgae 105.
I will say this, if you're inclined to listen from 12 to 1230,
I wouldn't get too carried away because we have nothing but spots in there for a half an hour.
In fact, you might want to ask Clarence, maybe I should just bail out at noon.
Yeah, like on Tuesday, Mandage could do the pregame.
Or the pregame.
We can have Mandage do.
In fact, Mandage could come out right now and do a little bit of build up for the Marlon game.
That's right, since we're becoming more and more sports-intensive now.
And obviously this poll bears it out. We did the right thing on Tuesday.
You bet.
That is very peri would say if we'd do a lot more talk about that,
then we're going to have a lot more fans, right? Right, that's how it works.
In fact, if we have like 15-20 stations talking about all day,
it'll bring a lot more people to the...
492 votes in an hour and 20 minutes, man. We are really impressed.
How excited are you about the Shack Trade is our poll question on theoranges.com?
I couldn't give a Schmidt last 245 just under 50%.
Very excited. I'm pumped.
110, 22.3%. I whipped up into a frenzy.
Somewhat, 109 is another 21%, that's 43.2%.
Are just full-minute to mouth, man. They're doing a Kazzowski right now.
And who the FHAC 34 is 7%?
WQA, hello?
Two-inch.
Yeah.
I got a question for you. Who does the place of Mohaward on your bits?
Is that Jeff the four?
I've seen no one says.
Greg Reed.
Greg Reed does it?
Or maybe Jack Vinny.
Let's say FACTS about Gross Point says Mike Blacks are already here.
I'm listening on 9 and you're still talking about...
No, we're not talking about...
FACTS!
Absolutely not.
Says Mike in the Gross Point and now he is listening online.
So we apologize for that, don't we?
Yes.
But he owes us an apology for calling us and I'm stupid basketball question.
I apologize.
Because if he's listening online, he should know better.
They say no stupid sports show and we don't really give a crap about Detroit and about Shack and the heat.
I don't care.
And not one teeny tiny little bit.
I didn't care before Tuesday.
I don't care now.
I'm not going to be some fully bandwagon jumper.
That's the number one pass time in South Florida.
Bandwagon jumping.
Am I right?
Fuck you.
Third man.
Absolutely.
There's nobody's throwing fans.
Wow.
Talk about the land of Make Believe.
Twenty before noon at 5.60 WQAM.
When we come back after the break, we have over 500 votes on there.
An hour and a half.
All right.
Hey, that's something.
That means we've got several people out there voting over and over again.
Talk to the man.
Let me tell you about drive concepts.
I've talked about these people for a long, long time on a show.
In fact, I've used them in my home for over 20 years personally.
They've been in town since 1979, which sounds like 25 years to me.
And the reason that they're still around is because they're the best.
Nobody does a job for you making your carpets look brand new like drive concepts.
And nobody gives you a better deal all the way around because they give you a written, guaranteed price upfront before they start the work.
No tack on, no surprises, no fully 595 per room scams.
None of that BS.
Just a stupendous, unbeatable job of sucking out the deep down dirt in your carpets,
way down there in the fibers they can't see with an naked eye, which leaves them really, really clean.
I mean, just like brand new.
They drive in a couple of hours.
They smell a lot of fresh.
So you really can't clean today, entertain tonight.
Not just a slow dance reality when you call drive concepts.
And when you do make that phone call, you can say the next 15% off there already unbeatable price.
If I have a new, you put on the stand by list, just say put my name on your stand by list.
They'll call you when they have an opening and they'll be over and do their job no time at all.
Pick up that phone and call them right now for your carpeting, your furniture, your draper, your expensive area and oriental rug.
It's called tool free 1-800-248-5071 because nobody in the world does a job for you like drive concepts.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
My life and love is this 4.0-60-258-208.
Let's, let's the trick to achieving longevity.
And that's the way I think about often.
Completely, maglies abuse drugs and...
Yeah, party.
Let's take some calls.
Johnson City, Tennessee is on with us.
You've got Nick and Jessica. Go ahead.
Hi Ryan. This is Andrea.
Oh, hi Andrea.
Jessica, is it true you don't drink milk?
Because you can't see your head in the carton.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll admit it.
Well, is it also true that you hired a private detective to find out if you were related to a Homer and Bart Simpson?
Yes.
I don't know what I'm going to do with her. She's out of control.
I love us so high, oh you're on.
Yeah, I can see advertisement from the internet about it.
Nick and Jessica, sex tape.
Is that really you guys?
Definitely.
Yeah, we have a clip.
Take a look at Nick and Jessica.
Nick and Jessica.
Wow, what can I get a copy of that?
In the store, you get it now?
Yeah.
Okay.
I know we're glets and deciding to do this.
Oh no, we're so happy. We did it.
We are so happy.
We did off on stuff like that.
Very gratifying for us.
Well said.
Looking 45, I think you can pick it up at your neighborhood farm store and also get that carton of milk at the same time.
I am so tired of them.
It's just the fact that pulled you had yesterday.
And her?
The two of them.
Sure.
I mean, I just, they're all over the place.
It's like wall to wall.
Even almost as bad as not quite.
523 votes we did.
What do I tell you when we came back after the break we had over 500 votes on there?
And not that that means anything, but I just thought I mentioned it.
Last year after the United States invaded Iraq, Carlos Delgado and I was George, I'm sure you're very familiar with Carlos.
Oh yeah.
He's his favorite.
Carlos Delgado in his own quiet way said that for him enough was enough.
Delgado, they threw on a blue J slugger by the way who they wish to help would wave his no trade clause and get that out of here.
But he won't.
And one of America's most respected players in baseball had stood for the playing of God Bless America games to the 2003 season, but about not to do so this season.
In an act of simple, mostly I noticed protests.
Most of the notice because nobody watches the blue J's and why should they waste their time.
Most of the notice protests against the war in Iraq.
Delgado a 32 year old first-base minister was remained in the dugout while God Bless America's played you go boy.
Nice going Carlos.
I'm trying not to get anyone mad.
He said I'm Monday and open.
This is my personal feeling.
I don't want to draw attention to myself or go out of my way to protest if I make the out in the last of the 17th inning.
I'll stand there, but I'd rather be in the dugout.
Good for him says William Rodin in the New York Times.
In the world of mainstream sports where cookie cutter athletes rarely take a stand on any issue, let alone one as highly charged as a war.
Delgado is unafraid to question a ritual that he doesn't agree with.
Delgado's protest has been so subtle that baseball commissioner Bud Sealick didn't even know about it until I called him on Monday.
He says William Rodin.
Rodin.
When you called me today, you actually startled me, said from his office in Milwaukee.
Sealick later read a statement he had prepared on Delgado.
I mean, the process of getting more information, but eventually I'd like to sit down and discuss it with Carlos Sealick said,
I'm very sensitive to this kind of issue, both as a matter of respect for our country and for one's right to express his opinion.
Sealick was a major f***er role.
In the aftermath of 9-11 order, it all teams to play God Bless Americans, acting as a political statement into the games.
I don't honestly think that we politicized the issue, Sealick, so calling it a matter of respect.
After all, we do have troops in Iraq and Afghanistan.
With all due respect to Sealick, once God Bless America became a political statement, a player like Delgado became free to express his own political views.
At any rate, I just mentioned that in person.
Anybody care about Carlos Delgado?
No, because what does he have to do with, right?
I was just saying, when you look at this poll, I mean, this proves how you people are being led by the nose, just like Alihan.
Same thing. Was it a big story?
No.
Should it have been?
No.
It was of any significance to anybody out there, except people are related?
No.
But whatever the media says, if they tell you to jump through hoops, how high do I have to jump?
Yeah, hoops.
Exactly. Hoops, professional hoops.
Right. See how it all ties in together?
No, seriously, as a matter of fact, I'm thinking of...
You love Shakira's tons and he has a plenty of these you close.
I'm a little bit dark now, that's an endless story.
There's a little bit dark now.
But now you love her new album.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
I think he's far from you.
Oh, I'm falling.
She already made music history by recording her first English language album.
And now she's taking her art form to the next level.
I'm re-recording songs that were already into the English.
Only this time they're in English again.
I'm so happy that we met.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
No, no.
It can't have that more of my deep.
Shakira sings other people's songs.
I'm so thankful for my mind.
They have a lot of love.
If you really, really like Shakira's CD, laundry service,
then you'll really, really, really like her new CD.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
No, it's an espagnol and it's those momentals.
I will say this. I do love Shakira.
Yeah, what's not to like?
Right, she's great.
Love him 49. Love him before noon.
We're just killing some time.
I realize now more than ever before.
I wasn't positive.
Many times we've been like a lead into the Marlin game
or some other sports event or press conference.
But we're just like the filler material.
The important sports craft comes on.
That's what really counts.
Because the sports is rock solid.
We're just like hanging on by a thread.
Wait till the week from today when that book comes out.
The whole book will be out on next Thursday.
Can't wait.
Oh, no, that's right.
It comes out on Wednesday, I believe, isn't it?
When? You're on.
Wednesday, yes.
So next Thursday, since we have another show,
another two and a half hour show before the Marlin game,
that'll probably kill all of that.
Oh, no.
That time a good part of it between 10 and 1230.
So don't overdo it on Wednesday.
567.0560.
You're probably going to want to take a lot of these great calls.
pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQAM, hello.
This is a big call.
The drag line is what we're going to call now.
Before we had the loser line,
now we got the drags line.
That's all we got left.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
There you go.
That's the middle of our call right there.
That's it.
567.0560.
There isn't one person yet who's called it.
Even with this poll, we're taking it.
They tell us why they had no interest before in the heat in the NBA
and professional basketball ever in their lives.
And all of a sudden, they're whipped up into a frenzy and they're voting
as they are in this poll, not one.
Not a one.
Has the cohones because they don't want to admit that they're just
a bunch of bandwagon jumping phones.
That would be too embarrassing, right?
Somebody right recognize the voice.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, George Scott, thank you.
Okay, thank you.
WDQAM, hello.
I was a better U and Michael Moore.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Jacobi.
567.0560.
Pound 560 on it.
We haven't had one of these in a long time, you know what?
Yeah, not long enough.
Now, because people, and that business I was rambling, I told up this morning,
that business about extending the contract, knowing all this other crap.
I was just having a brain fart, a senior moment.
Yeah, forget about that weakness.
But if anybody ever asked me, well, what are you going to miss most about doing a show of Miami for all of these years?
Factor, man.
Certainly the colors would have to be right.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, the great phone call.
Tony, you missed that.
Oh, you got food from Tony's today?
I don't know if you had.
Thank you, Brad.
Thank you, Brad, over there at Tony's.
You're great.
They're at the Northwest Second Avenue in Summer.
193.
193rd Street.
And they are just fine.
Peaches and subs and all kinds of good stuff.
They've been very nice to us.
They've been great to us over the years.
And thank you for this for that.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Do you like to be on the radio?
You'd like to be on the radio?
Well, listen, if you got a good one, hop right on it, okay?
He wants to be on the radio.
You got a little teeny tiny feet, and they're one of them big old console GE radios, like
I used to have as a little kid.
Just hop right on it, but just hit it over, and probably going to break their antiques.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
We'll do a searching for the perfect call.
WDQAM, hello.
Yes, Mr. Rogers.
Yes, Mr. Collar?
Yes, good to have you back.
El Boros has been born us crazy.
Yeah?
So, just want to let you know that.
You want to let me know that?
Okay, well, I don't really give a crap.
How do you like that?
If he boards you crazy, then don't listen when he's on.
Okay, if I bore you crazy, then don't listen what I'm on.
You got no material.
You're an idiot.
I have no rights.
Just thought I'd let you know that.
Kiss your ass.
That's a little raspberry for you.
Okay, little teeny's on.
What kind of was?
Yeah.
Well, did a sneaker?
No.
You can't say that.
Now, I'll start with a sneaker.
Again, that woman's going to call back about $75 sneakers, okay?
Good thing they aren't giving them all Nike's probably
custom like Too Fitty.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, listen there.
I was wondering if you'd seen the show on the History Channel about secrets, secret societies.
No.
They had a show on there over the weekend.
I've seen it before, but it has to do with our president there, seeing in a secret
society and it's seen in Europe.
Yeah, I mean, it's old news.
Old news, apparently.
Yeah, we know all about it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, maybe if you had a secret handshake, okay?
I know that Duff likes to give people a secret handshake.
You are not alone, guys.
A little finger on the palm of the hand.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Jay.
Well, I still don't get my name.
But yeah, when I was saying about Ben Wagon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not a bad little friend of mine.
But my wife now, she wants to watch the NBA just because, you know, she has on down here,
Miami.
That's all the reason we don't want to watch basketball now.
You mean there actually are going to be people going to the arena who are going to not just show up at the game,
but they're actually going to watch the game as opposed to going upstairs and is cruising and smoking and drinking and not paying the attention
what's going on.
That's going to be a better, better accomplishment.
Yeah, well, I feel because for example, Michael Jordan, people pay tickets to, you know, to see Michael Jordan.
And they want an experience to watch.
They spend more.
They spend more.
So you're putting the shack in the same league with Michael Jordan?
I wouldn't say that.
Jordan took the league to the next level.
But yeah, you know, the shack is making a big impact.
He's making a very big impact.
I got you.
I didn't say it.
It breaks my heart.
It makes me want to cry all day.
Good luck, you pal.
All right.
Take care.
Say I had to make a iris and okay, a lot of them a few bucks.
Times are tough.
Hopefully you have a good time in Europe and in Israel as he's probably over there, siphoning off somebody that money that daddy left behind.
$9.9 billion.
$5.67.0560.
Pon-5.
See, I want to give you a parallel.
It called me crazy.
You're crazy.
I know that because I don't care about f**k.
But I will say this.
If I don't like, as you know, I don't like fish.
I like some seafood.
Well, I don't want to say it.
Josh can say it.
See you.
Yeah.
And like lobster stuff like that.
But I don't like fish.
So if there's an all fish restaurant.
See whatever I'm going with this?
Where you going?
To another restaurant.
I don't care about the NBA.
I don't care about Pro Basketball.
It would make any difference.
What?
Or what flavor?
Or how good?
If you had an all fish restaurant, it's an oh, you're really going to love it.
I still wouldn't go there because I don't like fish.
Following?
As if, if like, I said, oh, I'm going to go to the heat game now because Shaxe here.
But I'm just trying not to see you, but I'm just saying you're taking it personally.
But just in general, I don't get it.
No, I don't know.
And even as little attention as I pay, I mean, you don't have to be a rocket star.
I'm a scientist or an NBA fan to realize that putting Shaqil O'Neal in the same category
with Michael Jordan, you have to be like some kind of a bozo.
You have to be making like a real stretch.
Even Josh Cordis would agree with that.
Damn right?
I don't see the difference.
Both bald headed.
That's all right.
Yeah, good point.
Don't be picking on.
Or you're going to be out, man.
Probably going to call the Saturday afternoon from Greg.
Okay, congratulations.
I know it'll actually be next week when the book comes back.
Congratulations.
I had a good ratings.
And by the way, I've decided to terminate the anti-fuck.
Yeah.
You better watch yourself.
Still.
I got him here.
Four minutes still known at 5.60 WQM.
When you're moving or renovating, that's the best time to make that call and get you a great night sleep from dial amatris.
Make that first night into your dream house, severly, with a brand new top quality name, brand mattress from our friends at dial amatris.
You pick the date and time for delivery.
If you're moving schedule, one is convenient for you.
And dial amatris is on time, 99.7% of the time.
Nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattresses than dial amatris ready for immediate delivery.
When you call 1-800-MATRIES right now, you'll get a great mattress and an unbeatable discount price without the slumping around without wasting gas and getting all sweated up.
Dial amatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau local threats of excellence award.
When you call 1-800-MATRIES, you'll choose from the complete line of CLE, SIRTA-KING-CORL, SEMONS-TEVER-PEETIC-AND, even STERNES AND FASTAR-HUIT.
Everybody with a brain at QAM, which is a limited number, have called dial amatris you ought to be doing the same.
I've been using them for years.
I wouldn't think I've gotten a mattress any other way.
Log on to their website, mattress.com, or for a great night sleep for years to come, just make that one easy call.
Sit there on your big fat ass, reach over and grab that phone and call 1-800-MATRIES-1-800-MAT-T-T-R-E-S.
On the high level of all these 60-5-60, the rate is all yours now.
Oh, I'm cute, man!
Mark Morgan is the 12-1-hour on QAM.
Hey, basketball fans.
What could be better than watching your favorite players slam dunk?
F***!
How about watching them get dunk in the slammer?
You can, with the all new NBA criminal league.
Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court.
This will be brilliant.
Terror live strong.
Damon Stoutemire.
Climb Robinson.
Chris Weber.
Jerry Stackhaus.
And of course, Al and Iverson.
Iverson too.
Eddie Gorge!
Come on, Bateson!
When all the NBA super stars are in lockdown, the action is locked up.
The NBA criminal league.
Ah, I'm telling you, this was talent.
It's gonna be able to just defeat the NBA team to the most violent prisoner.
Oh, that's good.
They've gone from committing fouls to committing felonies.
And you can be a material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminal league.
See, they're very nice, and that's what I call a fair ball.
The NBA criminal league.
Love these youngsters!
From until it's 560 WQA, and we are really intensive at arrest of the...
...for the foreseeable future, I would say, right?
From now on, it'll be in the time until it retires.
Oh, and even then, beyond, over and above.
562 votes on the pool.
How are you about the Shack Trade?
I couldn't give a shaman less 275, 49%.
Very excited on Pumped.
I'm fired up and whipped up to a friend of 127, 22 and a half%.
Someone, 116.
And who the FB Shack, 44, 7.28%.
So you got 43.1%.
They... I just wondering one thing.
Why?
That's all I'm asking.
What do you mean?
I mean, if it's good for South Florida, if it's good for something...
Even if it's good for nothing, well, good.
And here's one that says, who cares about this freaking 911 commission?
We got...
Yeah, who cares about this stuff?
But now we've been warned.
We're gonna see. There you go.
We got a warning.
And George has got his warning that if you don't care more about...
He's out.
He's out.
It's an armadotary. It's probably gonna be everybody's contract.
And you can just pretend to care.
You have to like really care. It's like religion.
You can't just pretend to believe in God.
You got to believe, man. You got to really believe in the Lord.
I'll wear a Shack bubble hat doll around my neck.
Excellent.
And then you can wear a more flat top piece too, while you're at it.
Somebody QAAM, hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I think you ought to have a shack alert.
Yeah.
Somebody sees him out in the highway or something or something.
He's shacksighting.
Shacksighting.
He's like you used to have the pig alert.
Right.
I think that would be great.
Excellent. We'll start that right away.
As a matter of fact, I heard some of that banter that was going on.
You kept putting on your own Tuesday from Channel 6 and 7 and 4 and 89 and 69.
And the one guy, oh, I'm so excited to be here to see him.
Why?
I don't get it. I don't understand that.
He's...
Seriously? Why?
Why would you drive anywhere to see a guy who plays a sport or who's...
I just don't get it.
I'm sorry.
It's Shack.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Man, you wonder why the world is in the shape that it's in right now.
Right there. Did just that episode on Tuesday, the hysteria, even Muxa, that he would just
embarrassed and humiliated by it.
We should like to feel relaxed once again.
Oh, God. What a thought.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And we got to get these brakes in, man.
If it sounds like it's all spots radio in this half-hour, it is.
Because we got the Marlin pregame at 12.30, baby, to which we say we love the Marlins.
And let me ask you, the Marlins fault potato hiss, because they've been going through some rocky road lately.
Don't say rocky road. I want to stay on my thing now, please.
I've been doing extremely well, not in a half-pounds.
Very good.
In fact, next week by Tuesday, I'll be under 190.
I'll be like 187-188-87 for the first time in years.
Yeah. I'm back in a way from that 200 thing and the doing very nicely, thank you.
Five minutes past noon at 5.60, all the spots all the time.
It's a matter of fact.
Another break already?
Sure.
Well, they don't care about this show, and they certainly don't care about this show.
Even the sports show didn't care that much about it.
Or they wouldn't be putting like 45 minutes of spots on an hour, which they always have done.
We're just a bunch of horrors, and only at least on this stage when we admit it.
Let me ask you this.
As your company is suffering from regulation and increased labor cost, let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business.
Pay-world administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management,
are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management.
Oasis seems to be recognized by firms large and small as the profit management choice, which lets you focus on your core business
while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing.
So let the folks at Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you'd like a free evaluation for your business with absolutely no obligation, call your tool free number.
Just call 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747-4. Oasis outsourcing.
Please push radio feces to UAM.
Did he talk it or did he talk it?
Charles Oakley of the NBA's Toronto Repters has made a shocking revelation.
The former New York Nick claims that 60% of the NBA is on dope.
Wackyweed, hot doobies, brass, we ask some high profile NBA players if it was true at Atlanta Hawk Center to Kimbe Mutumble.
I'd like to answer you and that question, but my tongue has become unhoot on me and we both have no...
Los Angeles Laker Guard, Colby Bryant.
Dude, dude, dude, dude, Philadelphia 76er Guard, Alan Iverson.
That's Wack, Wickedy Wack, Wickedy Wickedy Wack, you'll be an outstanding on my Roach clip.
And the league's elder statesman, John Stockton from the Utah Jazz.
That is 100% false. Sometimes there's a little boogie dantling as the younger players favor the hot hip music, but narcotics...
...at holy not.
The NBA, nothing but X.
Colby, 11 at 560 WQ, just 19 minutes away.
Oh, from a pregame show for the Marlon Fila game. Game time 105, in Philadelphia.
560, 7.0560, Tom 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lens.
As we ask the musical questions today...
Why?
...WCAM, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
Well, first of all, I want to say that the spectacle on local news the other day, which acts best conference was funny.
And it was actually kind of a joke, I couldn't believe it.
But then the other thing I wanted to bring up to you was where I was.
Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom, Tom.
Yeah, go ahead.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And the other thing I wanted to bring up was sort of an observation, I find a humorist I wanted to see what you thought.
But, you know, any find one of those makers has to do a prayer that used the word just about 30 times.
Oh, I just like to ask the Lord to just be blessed in us and just...
I like to see them do one, you know, prayer without using the word just.
What do you think?
What did he say?
Just...
Oh, that's what I thought he said.
560, 7.0560, Tom 560.
I thought he said...
...on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lens.
WDQA Am Hello.
Yeah, I would like to know Shaq's Telami size.
Hebrew National.
WDQA Am Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Remember when Gordy House found it, the wireless?
Yeah.
That was pretty cool too, huh?
Yeah.
And then Harry Lee's in her guide and I never got over it.
That was great.
See, I got... you have a little faith.
Nobody just keeps plugging away in sooner or later after the first 40, 50,000.
Maybe not even 40 or 50.
About 30,000, man.
First 30,000, man.
And then you get one that's really just sticks with you.
Six-year ribs.
Kind of like...
WDQA Am Hello.
QA Am?
Yes, sir.
Did you find a source of services program director?
About what?
I wanted to put in a claim to try to get Jim Rome over there.
No chance.
No chance.
We wouldn't put that crap on if he paid us $1,000 a second.
Yeah, get lost.
Schmuck.
Put a claim in to get Jim Rome over there.
Jim Rome is on 1400, idiot.
General Men, the Tony Bruno, we're going to have to tell you,
are you 15 sports nerds out there that can't get enough of the same...
Seriously, the whole sports nerd thing to me is I can't say it enough.
Nothing compares.
There is nothing I've ever experienced in my lifetime of any sort.
Whether it's the religious nuts or man.
This isn't religion.
Right.
This isn't the same category.
It's a religion only...
What's the payoff?
Right.
And of course, it's how far the payoff is.
Oh, I feel better about myself because we won.
We did this way.
Yeah, we, my ass.
Okay.
We.
Good.
God Almighty.
We.
The speaking French now again, like that guy from Lutz.
We, we.
We, we, we, we.
Yeah, exactly.
You tell him, Joe.
And let me say it again.
Even Joe Rose, the ex-Jach's niffer himself.
He used to take a lot of showers with the mad dog and then he even play on the same team.
Even he believes it's ludicrous.
It's embarrassing.
It's pathetic.
It's laughable.
The psychosis and the aberrant behavior in South Florida over some dumb jock sign in a contract
for millions and millions of dollars.
Like this is going to change all of the other things that are going on.
I guess that, you know, it's a good diversion.
It makes people forget about where they really are.
The stuff that's going on.
I have no line.
Right.
1214.
Another break already?
You bet because we just want the money, baby.
We don't care about it.
And you can take GM role.
In fact, you can take him to a role.
And they probably turn him down.
Take one look at him.
I actually have a picky a man.
Get his ass out of there.
Sound like a 10-year-old and a grade school kid on the ear.
Hey, the deals are heating up right now.
The 2000 from model year is winding down.
The entire of that old gas goes where you're driving.
You want a new car or truck that will give you dependability and reliability.
Then you need to get on down to Armstrong Toyota Homestead today.
On US 120 minutes south of the 36, they're worth to drive to save thousands on new Toyota's.
Right now, the Armstrong Toyota Homestead is throwing out all remaining old force and passing grade savings on the U.
Least in 04 Camry, at least today and 48 monthlies, just 279 a month with no money down.
Looking for a great truck.
How about the Toyota?
The Comet 4x4 can be yours and you get a thousand dollars cash back from Toyota.
What's not to like?
Looking for the hottest new cars around.
Be sure and take a look at the Armstrong Toyota Homestead.
They're looking on an operated.
They treat you like family.
They'll make you a deal that you just can't turn down.
The service department's even open late to late.
We've nets to make sure all your service work is done.
Armstrong Toyota Homestead was the first to even drop your free tires and batteries for life.
And now, they're the first to offer your free replacement parts for life that is absolutely correct.
Tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody else will be doing that.
You won't get a better deal on your Toyota anywhere in town.
So it's worth a drive on down there.
Just 20 minutes out to be at 36th at the corner of US1 and 2903rd Street in Homestead.
No bait and switch.
No fully deals just on Vita below every day.
Prices 365 days a year.
Drive a little in Sevaton on that new Toyota only at Toyota of Homestead.
I can love this is 420565 way.
Follow me, Tom Littleboy.
No matter how unfair it may seem.
People judge you by the words you use.
Like this one.
Avogar red.
What word did you say?
Avogar on.
If you express your thoughts like a dysfunctional retard.
The only way you'll make it in life is if you're born into enormous will then have a father with friends in high places.
Avogar on less you learn hooked on brain cells.
It's an easy to use guide on great big words like situation.
Learn fancy, fancy, latest words where you want.
When you want that's poor English too.
But no matter to order your hooked on brain cells.
Call 1-800.
Avogar red.
It's 1220 at 560 minutes.
The countdown just coming us away from the Marlon pregame show.
All right.
Of course it often is going to really stink this year.
It's going to be like 7-9.
Maybe 8-8 would be a little bit of luck.
They have some really blind officials during one of the games looking the other way.
But what does that matter anymore?
That's right.
It pales in with the panthers.
We may have a lockout this season.
And we can wait for that a great announcer.
Broadcast the panther games on radio on QAM.
Hockey. What's that?
Right.
And of course as far as the Marlon's are concerned.
Well they've been playing under 500 since those first nine games since that 8-1 start.
They've been like floundering especially lately.
What are they?
Third or fourth now?
Third place?
At a time of third.
Time for third.
Three games back then.
Oh no.
So they're only three games out.
But you know under 500 I believe or they back to 500.
500.
500.
Even Stephen.
So they're having a fine year.
Not a great year but they're fine year by all measures.
But you know it's the mediocre division like I say and you keep arguing but it is.
But what would we care about that?
You know when we got.
Right.
Right?
Right.
I mean you talk about phony.
Man oh man they're running around.
This is the only place in the world where people after the Marlon's won a World Series last season.
The people are going out and buying Marlon paraphernalia and then the following day after the parade going back to the stories that try to return it for a refund.
I think what we ought to do is I got a great idea.
Rent a uniform.
But yeah.
There you go.
For all the bandwagon jippers rent a calf.
Rent a jersey.
Rent a sports schmata something.
Right.
Because we know that once the team goes into crapper that you're not going to want any part of that.
Who wants that?
What does and what does that have to do with five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Goviti QA and hello.
Yeah.
How do you talk to me?
What do you think about for the two tourism for the Miami?
Yeah.
You hold shack and crack.
I like it.
The crack shack sounds good.
We got the crab shack.
How about the crack shack?
Yeah.
All right.
I think I got a hell of a deal.
I'll go and partners with the pound 50 50.
Make a fortune.
We can retire by the end of next week.
The crack the crack.
Yeah.
I think there's a few of those already in town though.
Oh, are they really?
Yeah.
Like that one kitty corner of the station.
They were like an eyes during road.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Right by the barbershop there.
Five sixty on the AT&T.
Thanks to where they sell the meat pies.
They cut a real fine and Verizon wireless line.
WVQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Is this the meal show?
This is the meal show, yes.
Okay.
I was, I forgot the pound.
It's like sixty so I was bringing you.
I'm sorry.
Can I ask a question?
Sure.
About this she had or the, the nearest.
What is the reason why is it that they hate us so much in the first place?
Does it have anything to do with the sanctity of the land that these railies are occupying?
Oh, it has to do with the head gear.
We don't wear the right, the head gear.
No, not the head.
Yeah.
What started it?
What started what?
Well, 5,000 years ago somebody decided to tell them God told them to kill each other and they've been trying ever since.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
It's that good old time religion sweet heart.
That's what does it every time?
And that give it that good old time religion.
Let's go kill people don't believe the same crap that we believe in.
And I keep it counting that for almost 30 years.
And they don't want to believe that most of the people out there because they're brainwashed just like this.
Same thing.
It's a religion.
It is a freaking religion.
Oh, and this is, you know, you just don't understand maybe because you're not here.
Like I said, this is one more reason I'm glad that I'm there as little as possible.
Because it is just so mind boggling to me.
I can't think of anything ever in all the long amazing mysterious years that I've been in South Florida.
I can't think of anything that even comes close even alien.
No.
Paired and went significance even though it lasted for a long time because people were bored and they had something to get angry about.
And you want to know they want to get angry don't you because
Pete is our main thing in South Korea.
Everybody, everybody all the time.
All right.
Another break already.
We don't have time to be playing that because we've got to get in all these spots 25 past noon.
I guess the audience thought I was kidding when I talked about all spots radio in the SAF R.
Hey, listen, we need the cash at QA because we got a lot of big bucks to pay for.
Although he is going to be paying a lot of our bills soon.
Well, he better start right away.
If you're on the Atkins diet, South Beach, Sugar Buster is a really low-carb sugar-free diet.
De-Lights-A-West focus help thousands of low-carb dieters just like you achieve their weight loss goals.
Today, shopping to the right low-carb products has become more and more confusing.
Most of the so-called low-carb products on grocery stores or shelves won't help you lose weight.
In fact, some are loaded with calories and carbs and will actually make you gain weight.
So don't sabotage your weight loss goals.
Come into De-Lights-A-West, Boca.
They'll help you stay on the right track with hundreds of the best-tasting lowest-carb products.
And great delay.
Have going as you can try anything in the store before you buy it.
They have an eligible staff in their open-up heat until 10.
Don't forget their guaranteed lowest-priced policy on all Atkins Carbolites and PewDieLite products.
De-Lights-A-West Boca will not be under sole.
You'll find the lights on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441.
Right next to Boston Market or Column Tool 3 at 1-877 Low-Carb.
That's with AWS.
1-877 Low-Carb around the web. It's LowCarb.com.
Don't forget De-Lights-A-West Boca. It's your official Atkins retail center.
Not by any local.
Here's SportsWedio 560CUAM UAM.
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Rock solid.
Stop!
Marlon's bringing. Coming up next.
We got the Marlon's in the Phillies 105.
The Huffer follows the ballgame. The big 7-way apologize for that.
But keep in mind, he really is rock solid between the years.
639 votes.
How are you about the...
Sack!
...trade.
And they are, man. They're foaming up the mouth.
Couldn't give a Schmidt last year under 12, 49%, but very excited.
I'm pumped 144, 22.5%.
Some water cited 134, 248, 9%.
43.4% are a dance in the streets, baby, for...
Sack!
...you got it.
And the 49% are 49 people say, who the f is Shen?
Who the what?
Who the f is Shen?
Sack!
...or...
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Sack!
Yeah, but what about Sack?
Sack, so mad.
