I'm Mark Morgan. Now here's Neil Rogers on 5.60 Q8M.
I've broken through a bedroom window.
F-I-A-M-Z-D-M-A-M
What I did I knew was crypto.
But that ain't doesn't do. It's your play for the fish.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me.
And the other bitch was someone else's wife.
And certainly, us, there was really no business.
I was out now. When it changed me with a knife, I didn't that bitch care.
I was too dark to see.
T-B-Z-B-F-O-S-B-Z
If that's the best, I'll have these apples in the cold.
Anybody remember Cecil Collins? Oh, sure.
Sure we do. Anybody remember who's the guy that tried to tell himself what to try to slid his own neck for Michigan State?
The dolphin guy. We can never remember his name.
I know you're going to be fine. There's so many slime balls and so little underwood.
To meet your centerwood, very good. Rhymeswood underwood.
Anyway, we got a little random mic-a-mike problem this morning.
And of course, I heard Joe there, the little dog, just a couple minutes.
I would just love for the day on this radio station with just one time.
I don't know what really happened because we were there.
He got drunk on his birthday. I was too kind to guess stuff like that.
And there was a little counter-tops at home.
I was like, why happen to be pregnant? And she slapped him, he slapped her, and whatever.
But I would just love one time at this station for some, especially a dolphin player.
To get into some kind of diffugally and have them say, man, what a loser.
What a piece of crap. When that be great. When that be a breath of fresh air.
Absolutely.
As opposed to always saying, wow, you know, the bitch had a comment.
And it's always the bitch, right? I'll read the bitch.
And anyway, look at that.
We got very lovely and voluptuous Carolyn Murphy on our website today.
Thanks to Josh there. We didn't even know who the hell she was.
Hope before we do that, I guess we give the results yesterday.
But we don't have any deaths to announce today.
Oh! Rackets, good news.
Yesterday we asked how can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and the latest polls?
It just boggles my mind. It just turns your guts inside out.
1938 votes.
Americans are morons. 801 people said that. Well, we knew that.
Kerry's campaign sucks $497. That was my vote.
I watched that speech. See an uncurrieded tremendous amount yesterday.
Give them some people. I thought.
What are you doing for a long time? Huh?
Let me tell you something.
Yeah. That please. We're waiting. Please.
Oh! And every now and then I would, you know, during commercial breaks.
I'd listen on cue and see what was going on.
And the audience was like, you know, very receptive.
Maybe they were like, take a little nap. I don't know.
It was pretty weak. Kerry's campaign sucks $497.
I mean, he's just waiting to really put it into big, into gear, you know?
The media is in Bush's pocket. $352. No question about that.
Nobody knows Kerry yet. $149.
And America loves Bush only $1407.2%.
Say America loves Bush. That is amazing to me.
It's pretty low in it for this town.
Oh, yeah. Speaking of this town, Florida's goody-fitty.
On the election we'll get to that eventually.
First, Carolyn Murphy. We'll get to more important matters.
Carolyn Murphy is, let's see. She was born.
Where the hell is it? August 11, 1975 in Walton Beach, Florida.
That makes her 30, 28, right?
Sounds about right. Almost 29.
Although she didn't intend on becoming a model during her childhood,
she eventually enrolled in a modeling school thanks to the encouragement of her mother.
It didn't take long for it to gain recognition.
And soon she was taking on local modeling jobs and attending modeling conventions.
And agent of one of these conventions spotted Carolyn before she knew it to which modeling in Paris and New York.
Fast forward seven years when Carolyn was spending most of her time modeling in New York.
Her signalal sheet appeared in countless fashion shows.
Also post for many fashion magazine covers including Vood, Harper's Bazaar, W, L, and Marie Claire in Italy.
So don't be surprised if her gorgeous face looks familiar.
And it goes on. She's the new SD louder girl.
You know SD louder? Didn't she just die in short time ago and pom beach?
That, I don't know.
Come on. I mean, I know she didn't play sports for C'mon, Zach.
Oh, she played sports? I would know.
And anyway, that's who Carolyn is. In case you care.
Look at us here next week's schedule. Look at that.
Oh, that's right. The 4th of July has been celebrated next Monday.
So it's a holiday, right?
Yep.
I'm getting screwed on this deal because I don't work next Monday anyway.
Because next week I start my 2D and 3D schedule for the summertime.
I should take that extra day.
Why not?
Which I think is why I was taking office Friday, but I can't do it because your age is on vacation.
I'll find a day.
I'm getting screwed big time.
And one thing on this stage we've discovered.
Don't work, don't overdo it.
That's what Carrie's doing.
He's teaching us a good lesson. Don't overdo it. Don't overdo yourself.
Save it for the big splash. You know what we can count.
So I'll find a day.
And speaking of that, I notice on a mad dog.
They courtesy me of Irish Davidson tattooed a 4, taking a page from my book.
Just don't overdo it, man. Let's take it nice and slow.
And anyway, it says next Tuesday.
So it does not Monday morning.
Next Tuesday, Howard Stern starts somebody a QA. I'm replacing Mohawar David.
Absolutely.
And the big dog, Joe Rose.
Do you believe me?
Damn, there goes my job.
No, you're going to replace Stuttering John.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, that works.
So no more Howard from Boca.
Yeah.
Anyway, I lied.
Damn.
And anyway, here's the Howard Stern stuff.
Man, you got it.
You can't fit that head in.
But you're likely to show or not.
And I really don't. Not for years.
And I don't listen even if I could.
But the fact of the matter is he's not the king of all media.
He's the king of all hype.
This guy knows how to get publicity more than anybody in the history of the human race.
He's got people just knocking on that door and crawling.
Oh, Howard said this and Howard said that.
But it'd be, but it would be, but it would be, but he's going to influence the election,
which we can only hope, by the way.
At any rate, I got two stories on this today.
He made a big, his big press conference this morning.
He had all the media there while he was on here doing the show.
Are you asking me to listen, Zach?
Oh, that's why you were doing the show.
Yes, I was.
But you were listening on the one ear to the buzz in Palm V.
So he's not on here yet.
He will be though.
How many people in Dayton, Broward can hear the buzz in Palm V?
About 30, man.
For four months after Howard Stern was uncertain,
I'm honestly dropped from sixth-tier channel outlets.
The king of all media.
I'm not going to read this.
This is just tough piece.
Anyway, he announced that he'll be adding new markets.
He's going to be on in five of the markets returning soon.
Not in Miami, though.
He'll be not only back on five of the six markets that clear channel bump them in.
He'll also be adding Houston, Austin, Tampa, and Fresno.
Now, that's going to be an incentive for a lot of you people out there
Stern fans to move to Tampa, wouldn't you think?
Yeah, well, not.
Tampa's like a super bowl champ from two years ago.
They got the Stanley Cup champs Tampa Bay Lightning.
What's not to like?
They got to help an NBA team that never lost again.
Yeah, they're on the circuit.
Stern's press conference was carried live on the new affiliates this morning.
Oh, really?
I didn't know that.
Did you have, but you're a muffed?
No, that either.
Because it's not in this other kind of lame story that he got me.
Just a joke, Doc.
Don't get all the fence.
Okay, got me a story from all access, but I got mine from FM QB,
which you might want to take a look at that this month.
Anyway, they've broke the news.
Yesterday afternoon, he'd be returning their waves in Southeast Florida on
Infinity Modern Rock, Buzz 103.1 FM WPVZ and West Palm Beach.
The Stern show replaces Mark Jenny and Dahmer.
Yeah, Jeffrey Dahmer.
He's got a radio show.
Mark Summers of the show.
Yeah, he came back.
He came back from another go around.
He had to be a good boy this time.
Why not?
Mark Summers of the show made the following quote on the Buzz's website before his exit yesterday.
What a business this is.
Boy, it really blows.
We were grateful and for you that the show that you have no one loved and grew up with for the past nine years
was believed it's duties today.
That's right.
We, Mark Jenny and Dahmer were told today that it is a Wednesday June 30.
About third man.
Meaning today, we will no longer be allowed to broadcast our show.
The only reason given at the time is that how it's certain would be replacing us.
Well, that sounds like a good reason.
They're going to put a different show on.
I don't think they're going to be doing it in stereo.
No.
Stern's point out this is an interesting line.
They just got a gloss over it.
Stern's former Southeast Florida home was classic rock WBGG in Miami,
whose numbers are just dropping like a rock, even with old Paul and ancient Ron on there.
Drop in bed.
We saw those friends yesterday.
Now, they make that sound as if there's some connection between the markets.
Is it somehow WBGG in Miami, which is about that big gigantic hundred thousand-lock class EFM signal?
I wonder how far north you can hear that.
Any of them, huh?
Probably pretty far.
Yeah.
Probably up in like zero beach.
I don't know.
And anyway, quite a ways.
At any rate, they're not going to be on in Miami.
Is the point here and it makes it sound as though it's the same market.
Infinity CHR B937.
WBGG Pittsburgh takes over Stern's home in the steel city,
where he replaces the B937 Morning Show,
Dave Bubbichelli and Brian.
Stern's former home of CC modern rock WSB,
access announced yesterday, a highly rated F-noons,
Reverend Alan Cox will be a following the void left by Stern's departure for a month ago.
Infinity modern rock WOCL.
It's the big...
Oh!
...has Stern take over for the O-Show.
Oh!
With Tony.
WTKS was turned for the home of course, that's the third channel, that's a talk.
So it's going to be on WOCL Orlando.
There's a good reason to move to Orlando if you're a Howard Stern fan.
Infinity chisels kits the planet KPLN, Sand Eagle, Bumps, Woody and Wilcox out of Morning Grab,
to make room for Stern after his move from a clear channel active rock AOZ.
And Infinity modern rock the zone WZ and E replaces the clear channel active rock WNV,
a Stern's affiliate, in Rochester.
The zone drops tie out of Morning Grab to make room for Howard.
And Louisville remains Stern free with no new station picking up for clear channel active rock WTKS.
It doesn't make sense to the fact that Miami for O-4 Lottardale also is Stern free.
Didn't mention that because they assume that you people out there can hear,
103.1 to buzz the WPBZ.
So there's a good news for a Stern fan in Palm Beach County
and anybody who lives north of Lake Ward, do you feel?
Yeah.
Can you hear it?
Have you ever heard it?
No.
I have not.
For his jocs, he lives in close streams, he can't hear it.
I barely get it.
Oh, he hears this.
Like that.
I thought that was the show.
Come on.
Are you not a Howard Stern fan? Is that what you're trying to tell me?
Not really.
No.
I'm not either.
He's too much about Howard.
That's what always has bothered me in addition,
which he's got about 40 flunkies there with him doing the show.
And if I wanted to hear Bob Booves and Dykes,
but it's good that he's ripping the hell out of Bush,
he's going to help carry his best he can.
And I did look at his website and he's got some really good articles.
And there are a lot of the ones that we have, too, by the way.
But that's fine.
But everything is always about Howard.
And there are a lot of other people including all these slippers
that just lost their jobs, whose names I just read,
in the business because of him.
And anyway, there is the update though.
The guy called yesterday and he called or faxed or whatever.
It was a fax, right?
It was a fax.
So that maybe he was going to be back on in the market.
Well, if you live in Palm Beach County, he's back on in your market.
If you live in Miami for a while,
he's not back on in your market.
And I would predict our big grid reads life on it.
He will not be back on in this market.
Unless the evil forces, the evil doers, are somehow removed
and sent to another planet from Dayton, Broward.
That is just an event in the cards.
Prove it as past 10 and 5.
By the way, here's the new poll for today.
Before we move on.
What entertainment now?
Somebody who inspired me?
Oh, that's a LeBron that I played yesterday that inspired me for this.
That's right.
That you even liked so much.
Actually got a chuckle out of Josh and Zach yesterday
when they played the...
I'll play it again a minute.
It was funny.
It was very funny.
Unlike most of the bits that we played,
because we can't really play funny stuff anymore.
But that's okay.
We're doing the best we can.
One entertainment or sports figure is the biggest commercial of horror.
I got a short list here and then new folks can add to it.
LeBron James, Michael Jordan, Dan Marino,
we love you, Danny, but man oh man.
And Wayne Grisky, I put that up from our Canadian friends there
because here he's just on everything.
He's even on the test pattern.
So it is a four-for-starters.
You know, a sports is July weekend.
Time for the mattress and furnishes.
Dress to run their phony sales when they double the price to offer you half off.
I mean, is that really a deal?
Don't waste time this weekend dragging around shopping for mattress in this incredible heat.
Save money and time this weekend by calling dial amatris till free at 1-800-Matris right now
for prices lower than the mall stores even during those supposed big sales.
Only dial amatris delivers 8.00 am till 10 pm every day,
including the fourth and fifth of July.
That's right, you can get delivered this entire holiday weekend.
The dial amatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Procure Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-Matris, you get the best prices on the best brands,
delivery on your schedule, and the best customer service in the business.
Dial amatris has got the complete line of all the names you know and love like Seaming,
Surtre, King Coil, Simmons, Temporpete, Experts, and Foster.
Everybody at QAM and all the people we know are calling 1-800-Matris
for their beds. I've been doing it for years and you should be doing the same.
You want a great deal? You don't want to have to waste your time?
Slip them all over town.
Log on to their website, macriss.com, or give them a call right now,
and they'll be knocking on you during no time at all once convenient for you,
even over the holiday weekend. Call 1-800-Matris 1-800-MATTRES.
And look, this is for 2020.
I can't wait.
Beyond God.
The following announcement is paid for by Adidas Nike,
including Cavaliers and Haynes Underwear.
Yo, what's up? This is LeBron James.
Give me little love.
I'm a basketball phenom on Akron, Ohio.
My stone tires for your card truck or SUV.
Can I get a little bit of money? My stone tires, my brother.
Now, the Ohio State Athletic Association has suspended me for the rest of the season.
Oh, man!
I know, right? And declared me unintelligible or something,
because I accepted two old school sports jersey.
Come on, on!
What?
I don't know what to say, and what the hell I don't know.
Oh, like most people, I got lots of birthdays during the Caliades.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what, people like to give me things,
like to see a Pepsi twist, a twist on a great thing.
Oh, man!
Oh, man!
Right, right, all right, all right, all right.
Anyway, drink Pepsi.
I'm just a normal 18-year-old high school student
who just happens to drive on $50,000.
Where is the diamond area?
It's time for small child's hair.
Where is the diamond area?
I'm going to pay jewelers, because every kid's big kid's with K.
Baby, baby, baby, right?
I don't get the whole big thing, chicken wing.
I may still go to college.
All right, I got some love in ready to check this one.
An unnamed school that's nestled in the blue grass area.
That was the pin house of Tarmin,
of pin house, Pairhouse, and a lifetime subscription
to Pairhouse Records!
What's me there all been like a team package deal?
Here's another institution in the heart of the Chapel Hill area,
which will go on main campus.
Baby, I'm here to have me.
They have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman
direct from Russia, which I keep from my old boy, right?
I haven't unpacked it yet, but she's knocking,
and screaming, and whatnot.
I have my boy Tyrede here, puts it in a garage
with my box of kuga ran
from an unnamed university,
cozy, associated with a Wolverine.
Man, that's a bad guy!
That's a bad guy!
Garages fill in the old book.
Anyways, I've got to get back to class now with my boys.
No, no, no, no, we gotta go, we gotta go, we gotta go.
I already missed like three months old for old.
Yeah, if I just filled my Pepsi Twins
I'm my new Hugo boss.
Look at this, I got a little McDonald's special sauce on there.
By the way, come on up, party.
It was a big Mac.
With for a limited time, you visit one part to speed
McDonald's and buy a big Mac, you can know for 35-spit.
35-spit!
35-spit!
35-spit!
35-spit!
Yeah, peace out!
We're proceeding, isn't peace, we're by foot locker.
And on the university in the nutmeg state,
and deaf comedy jam,
that's running at 5.60 WFU.
I'm gonna be very excited to know
everybody that works at QA,
and those who have followed the big trails
of our radio stations for some time.
That the article about reindeer MacMichael
and his domestic violence arrest overnight,
is written in part by
SunCental Media reporter, Josh Friedman.
Did you know that?
I did, I read it this morning.
Did you?
And he saw his name there at the end of it?
A 3% actually.
Boy, he doesn't miss much, does he never audit?
Nothing.
Now, he's got his nose in the gist of a rectum, everything.
Anyway, Josh Friedman, the reason I knew it is
because when I was printing the story out
off the internet from the SunCental, I could smell it.
Paul says Bush and Kerry did lock in Florida.
President Bush and Democratic challenger, John Kerry,
are locked in a very close race in their battle
for the Florida, 27-electal votes,
where to a new poll,
Bush and Kerry had the backing of 43% of peace
in the three-way matchup with Ralph Nader,
where the supporter of five-facens either goes Nader again,
school and things up,
because if you factor Nader out,
when in doubt, take him out,
it was Kerry 46% Bush 44%.
Voters were evenly split
on having a favorable or unfavorable view
of both Bush and Kerry the poll found.
Both Bush and Kerry have sharply polarized
the Florida voters' Quinnipiac's Clay Richard set.
At this stage in the campaign,
Florida voters don't like either
of the candidates very much,
and isn't that the way it always is?
What a pile of crap.
Don't wonder so many people don't want to get involved.
Most of them are a big bunch of crooks,
a bunch of waffles,
and as far as I'm concerned,
they ain't nothing worse than a guy who waffles all of them.
Waffles, waffles, waffles.
Bush's narrow 537 vote
went and floored in 2000,
given the presidency over Al Gore,
after a fierce tug of war
that included Reno all the rest.
Here's an interesting point,
which is currently pressing.
Although Florida has about 300,000
more registered Democrats than Republicans,
the only Democrats to hear the state
in the last three decades,
Jimmy Carter in 1976,
and Bill Clinton in 1996,
in the last three decades,
that's amazing.
Are you shocked by that?
Just a little bit.
But of course, a lot of the so-called Democrats
and Florida are,
are what they used to call,
Dizzy Kranz, you know,
Redneck Yahoo,
they still haven't caught on yet.
So there's the latest floor to poll.
Now let's see if we're going to get any names for this poll of ours today.
What entertainment or sports figure
is the biggest commercial whore?
Is on commercials every time you turn around,
is endorsing every product that's ever been invented.
You can't turn on your TV
for 10 minutes or more without seeing their posts.
Michael Jordan 17,
Lamaron James 4,
Dan Marino 4,
Wayne Gretzky,
don't have any yet.
I should have voted for him for the Canadian factor.
WQA, and hello.
Yeah, and now.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to tell you,
I'm not here in Atlantic,
and Nabil Road,
and the bus comes in fighting on here.
One of the three one or whatever.
And Atlantic in Nabil Road,
yeah, but that's like in Pompano.
Yeah, yeah, it's like Qualt Springs,
West Qualt Springs.
Right. Well, that's,
I guess I'm excited to have to move.
Yeah, no static here, nothing so.
Iceland, everybody move right there. Thanks, Kelly.
Thank you, Chef.
All right, John, good to have you there.
We have a lot of company real soon.
Anybody wants to get a bus from Pompi 203.1,
if you've got to get your daily dose of Howard Stir,
and there you go.
Or maybe you can just have like a party there every morning,
a listening party, right?
That would be nice.
In fact, even though we don't have Stir
on his radio station,
and they're for real in spite of all the mamblings
where he keeps making just a hit,
mo aggravated.
Absolutely.
We could sponsor our own listening parties,
for those who want to listen to Mo and Gildey,
or the little dog,
we could have like Howard Stir listening parties,
then maybe we can find a way to take credit for that in the book.
Wouldn't that be a good idea?
I think that would be a great idea.
Yeah, we can have like a Atlantic City Subscator
with three food.
Do a whole deal.
Speaking of free food,
you got your pies on coming there today with three lunch?
I believe so.
So who is it?
Who is it again?
Did we have a name for that place or not?
I know, like I told him to come in around 1130.
We don't have a name of the place.
Well, when he comes in,
I'm getting it, obviously.
Some stranger from out in the audience
is going to bring in food,
and you guys are going to eat it without
knowing where it's coming from.
Okay, well, it's been nice knowing you.
WQA, hello.
And how are you doing, buddy?
Pretty good.
The buzzer loud and clear in plantation number one.
Number two, you got a faxer.
Yes, they had to end the show.
Wondering why was Thomas Turbin
who was blurt out?
And Aaron, I remember that.
Yeah.
Well, it was because it was hanging up until it cast.
Hey, number three, Robert Griefer,
was the homo and elementary school.
And he's still a homo.
All right.
All right.
There's the best call.
I've been on the year almost 30 years in his town.
About 30, man.
And that is the best call I've ever had.
Oh, that guy must not have liked Griefer.
That was great.
Let's see, how about the Holy Yankee team?
It says, including Steinhammer.
It says, Chronic Rick.
Okay.
Well, we can't put the Holy Yankee team.
How about, I don't know, do we want to put,
A-rod?
I don't see P-rod too much, because he don't need the cash.
How about Derek Jeter?
Derek Jeter.
He's all over the place.
Well, there are some strange looking dudes on that team, man.
For any Williams and Derek Jeter,
look like the ship is just landed.
I'd say like a little off.
Look, and you know what I mean?
Oh, they're like aliens.
Yeah.
Like aliens.
Like aliens.
So if you want, you can go ahead and put the Derek Jeter on air,
which they even, I bet you'd like to know how to spell that.
Because it's a sports dude.
Let's see.
Sorry to bring up the latest act of his shoot on Michael Morse's,
this fact.
It seems that Hayden Montgomery right-wing radio host around the country
advising listeners.
And if somebody called us about this yesterday,
then buy a ticket for another movie
and then sneak into a CD per night 911 when nobody's looking.
In effect, this will cheat Michael Morse out of his money
and deprive a real ticket holder out of a seat in the sold-out showing.
Is this a kick in the ass?
$250,000 per prohibit uttering or a fart sound.
You have some clear channel of quizzing and etching skin
to defrog without retribution.
Well, if you're going to be popping pill,
you're going to get divorced every couple of weeks.
Why not?
You know what I'm saying?
Sure.
Well, would anything surprise you?
Oh, here you go, Shaq.
Time for another big, big Mac Shaq attack.
Yeah.
And here's another one.
Mike and Kroelkiibel says,
software 911 last night,
most important movie I've ever seen.
And Mike, you are absolutely correct.
That's my life and law.
This is for three or five years.
You weigh in.
You weigh in.
You weigh in.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
And here's another big Mac Shaq.
One of the best parts,
my life and beyond lies,
we're cocaine.
You like all of the things I've got,
in the car,
when you want cocaine.
I have no life.
Hey, please come and go to the house.
Now they're all there.
Come cocaine.
Oh!
1032 at 560 WDQAM.
And of course, I got more on that teacher,
a little more detail about the teacher story and tapestent,
set the one that seemed to turn everybody on their ass.
Oh yeah.
Every time we have one of our stories, man,
all these guys, you know,
starting to fantasize,
how can, might not happen to me.
And then they start making up stories.
You know, what happened to me?
You know, I had this really hot teacher shoot,
like 25, right?
Yeah, me too.
Damn, I'm sure of it.
I'm probably even Robert Creeper,
a two-hour teacher who was not a bad-looking guy.
Yeah, was that guy I've called up before?
WDQAM, hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, buddy.
Where is this?
I got a brother for your bowl.
All right.
Beyond, beyond.
All right.
In the game, you know,
the windows is, he's off the show this year.
And I felt that,
who'd they replace him with?
I'm not sure if they replaced him yet.
Yes, they did.
Shannon Sharp.
Shannon Sharp, you're right.
Well, you're supposed to be both of you, man.
The sports experts.
I don't see Shakira Loneel on there yet.
Probably because Josh is worried now he's going to spell it.
Well, let me just suggest you have on just SHQ.
I'll get it on there.
Huh?
Because seriously, just shack is good.
They know who that is.
I'll get it on there.
I mean, Shakwiel,
own wheel, all that crap.
Who that wants to spell all that out?
A lot of letters.
No, I know why you're not fooling me.
I saw that during the break while you hadn't put that on there.
You have to cause who that can spell.
Even a he-I'm sure cannot spell Shakira Loneel.
Even all his big bucks and his big ass.
5.6705.50,
pound 5.60, what entertainment or sports figure is the biggest commercial horror?
Just can't get enough cash.
He's just air-beam spot all over the place.
I'm thinking even Britney Spears, we don't want to call Britney a horror all of that again.
Opens up all sorts of avenues for a lot of guys out there thinking, fantasizing.
But she's on a lot of stuff, isn't she?
Yeah.
She only just on the Pepsi spots.
No, she's got a lot of endorsements.
She's all over the place.
She's everywhere.
And I didn't mention yesterday we didn't go into a great length event.
She got married twice again over the weekend.
Nice going, you go girl.
Or if she's looking really nasty these days,
she did look great in the movie though.
Now, Zach went to see the movie last night.
Nope, I'm getting...
Come on.
I'm telling you.
You're just making this up.
7 o'clock, sold out.
You're just afraid to go because Robert's going to bitch your ass out if you go and see it.
No way.
He probably would, but I would see it anyway.
Yeah.
So you actually physically went there again?
Yes.
I went about 40 minutes early and the line was ridiculous.
Oh right.
It was excellent.
That is great news, man.
Here it's already two today, yesterday.
The movie came out on Friday.
She generally speak to most of these movies.
They have the first day.
It's really big and the next day it's a little bit less than it.
There's a lot of diminishing return.
Not this movie.
Not this one, man.
It's up up and away.
In fact, Sunday actually held its own with Friday and Saturday.
So just to be patient, okay?
Just keep it in.
I can't believe that you can't buy tickets online for some of these two eaters like I did here.
You probably could, but I do it the old fashioned way.
So it's good.
Give me the likes and so on.
Especially if you're going to the soggarance, you probably have to schlep about two miles to walk to it.
That's good.
You need it.
That's right.
WQA, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
I quite call from Abu Gharrah.
Abu Gharrah rib.
Okay, thanks WQA.
WQA, hello.
Not there.
See, I don't think this pool is going to go over big that as big as I thought.
Maybe they're just aren't that many names.
I mean, how many could you think I've right off the top of your head?
Just stop that many.
I just have to keep going.
I don't want that.
I'm missing a big one.
Well, go ahead.
Tiger Woods.
Oh, man.
There's the one.
There's the winner.
That's what they're waiting on.
Tiger Woods.
God, I don't know what it is.
I just despise him.
I cannot stand him.
It has nothing to do with the color of his skin, his ethnic background.
I just can't stand him.
He's so damn smug.
And then one of his, uh, his caddy, whoever it was, one of his assistants, uh, beating the
guys, the camera out of his hand and smashing into the growl, so they're crap they were doing.
Well, they got a quick, they're getting so close with their, such, yeah, I mean, talk about a guy and take
himself so seriously.
He's only worth about, what, 200 million hours.
I'm like that 500 million, about four billion dollars.
Tiger Woods.
Yeah, screw him.
He makes me sick.
And I'll tell you that people make me even sicker out of the sicker fans.
That's what they call him sicker fans who like, uh, just grab onto him.
Oh, Tiger, Tiger, this entire bad day.
You know, watching some Jackass play golf.
I mean, even Zach, who is much of a sports fanatic as you are, you can't possibly be into
golf.
I can't, I can't watch it too slow.
It's so ponderous and boring.
And then you hear like, you know, that the gallery is applauding very politely.
You know, we don't want to, we don't want to make too much noise.
And there's Tiger on the 14th and it's about a 25 footer who gives a crap.
Okay, grow up.
Get up.
I have no life.
I get a life.
Tiger Woods, that's good.
You watch him zoom to the top of this list.
Oh, yeah, he sure would.
He'll pass Michael motorcycle motorcycle like he's standing still like he's in a prone position.
Anyway, let me get to this teacher stuff because they're, you step about this.
This is from the St. Pete Times.
Tampa Middle School teacher Deborah Beasley.
Oh, look at that.
Her name, middle name is Beasley.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Wow, I'm under.
She's one of the akin.
I wonder what the branch he was sitting on.
Plus, did you see her picture?
Yeah, this hot.
She's a good looking girl.
She is a fine looking young, young lady.
Don't say girl.
You're just trying to suck up now.
Tampa Middle School teacher Deborah Beasley LaFave turned herself into Mary and
County authorities Monday as investigators, they released details of alleged sexual relations
with a 14-year-old student.
The report written by Mary and County Sheriff Detectives includes interviews with the
student and his 15-year-old co-faces.
He witnessed some of the encounters.
I bet.
But he was having a final time.
Maybe kind of like reached in every now and then just, you know, give her a helping hand.
He was driving the car.
No, we know that.
This come down.
See, he's, see that.
She's getting all worked up about this again.
I thought Joe Rosa would like to satisfy your emotions about this between 8 and 10.
We try.
And of course, I heard some of those calls just like I predicted yesterday.
It's always the same.
Always the same.
All the guys out there, if it would have been a male teacher and it would have been a female
student 14 years old, they'd have been called.
They'd have gone through them right over there to temple terrorists to hang his ass.
They would have gone to top, top square.
Top is hate off.
Am I right?
You're 100% right.
And if it would have been their 14-year-old daughter, right questions that they need to
have.
That alone is right.
But anyway, the 14-year-old told detectives that he and LaFave 23 engaged in oral sex or
sexual intercourse at three locations.
You see, this is getting a little more Pacific now.
Oh, yeah.
In her portable classroom at Greco Middle School in Tampa, that wasn't a portable classroom.
It was one of those porta-potties from Fair 9-11.
He was just trying to keep him safe.
At a river view apartment and in her sport utility vehicle while his cousin is 15-year-old
cousin drove around O'Callor earlier this month.
The case came to light when the mother of the 15-year-old cousin and the cousin's neighbor
grew suspicious until the 14-year-old's mother, she confronted a boy called Temple Terrace
Police, barking the first investigation.
Temple Terrace Police charged LaFave with two counts of ludicrous batteries including
the 14-year-old.
Mary and County officials involved in them.
Mary and County officials charged with two counts of ludicrous batteries, one count of ludicrous
exhibition.
The cornerstone of their investigation involves a statement from the student who offered
details such as the color of the teacher's capric pants, the design of her body tattoos,
and the layout of her apartment went about showing the layout.
He said, he and LaFave got to know each other on the way back from my middle school graduating
class trip at SeaWorld Orlando last month.
They said next to each other and talked.
And she kind of like squeezed his leg a little bit and he kind of like put his hand down
her thigh.
That week at school she would invite him to her classroom detention and ended up talking
and taking to his basketball practices at a recreation center to get his haircut into
his house.
On the last day of school the favorite tentative party thrown by another student was there
that she gave the 14-year-old her cell phone number, the boy told detectives.
The week at June 14 she performed oral sex on him in her bedroom and during a drive
to El Cala where the boy's cousin lives according to investigative reports.
In her bedroom and during the drive.
Plus she was anxious, you know.
She was in a big hurry.
It's one hell of a summer school class.
She had said, I want company credits to get for that.
She had sex with an interportable classroom at the school and twice that week in her SUV
while the boys cousin drove the wrong court of police documents.
After one of the encounters the two stopped at a best buy where she purchased an iPod music
player for her husband.
They also frequented a smoothie king.
So what's wrong with it?
Look at that.
She was trying to do something nice for her hubby.
She was just getting a little on the side.
The teacher told the team she was in a troubled marriage and aroused by the fact that having
sex with the boy was not allowed.
After the boy's mother contacted Temple Terrace Office.
His detectives had the boy call on Lafayette June 18th while they listened to the conversation.
Uh oh.
Two days later with the direction of Temple Terrace detectives the team arranged to have
Lafayette pick him up at his house the next day.
Once he showed up the authorities were waiting.
It was the old trap.
Lafayette turned herself into Merriott County authorities with the tent for Lloyd John Fitzgibbens
by her side.
Lafayette posted $2500 bail released about one PM on Monday and the audio.
So there you go.
Like I said, the guys out there are either approving a plotting.
They're pissed off and I heard Joe say he's pissed off of the 15-year-old cousin.
So am I.
For writing him out.
Schooling up his fun.
I will welcome all these cases.
I am the greatest of all yours in hell.
I am the heroine.
President Bush expanded healthcare for children and cut taxes.
To stimulate the economy.
I don't like that.
If I am elected president, this will be an America that invites inflation and recession.
And I have a plan to do so.
George Bush has no plan.
I will move America in a new direction.
They will erode any recovery and threaten the prospect of lasting prosperity in our
nation.
In the blink of an eye, millions of families struggling to pay higher healthcare costs,
higher college tuition, trillions in deficits over the next decade.
If I am president, that is the new direction that I will set for our budget and for our
economy.
Thank you very, very much.
How young is he?
1046 at 560 WQM.
Here is a fact from Jay who says I would let the put a shack on him.
We got him on him.
He has got nine votes.
I am going to change the poll in noon by the way.
I don't think this is a four hour.
This is just a can't carry four full hours.
Is it a two hour poll?
Yeah.
And the second poll, do you like to hear it?
Sure.
I have already factored to Eric so don't panic.
Okay.
Very good.
What's your take on the Tampa School teacher who had sex with a 14 year old student?
Here are the five choices I put down.
I am jealous.
No big deal.
The cousin should be shopped for squealing, fry her ass or she is a crazy bitch but very
hot.
Five good choices I think.
Yeah.
Anyway, Jason is also your station's running a program to meet Johnny Souther driver of
the number 30 NASCAR, whatever.
Only problem is he was fired through weeks ago.
Oh, come on.
Don't be a nitpicker man.
I am sure Joe Castell will be called but he can't afford to have a phone anymore.
Good point.
I thought Joe Castell was coming back.
No, a QA.
Oh, what Greg was feeding very jack as a few weeks ago.
Oh yeah, we want to have Joe back.
I think that would be great.
Mo and Joe.
Don't you know, be great.
Mo and Joe and occasionally the big.
Get rid of that this pipsqueak.
Mike says is, here is a choice to pull a Don Zimmer.
Doing a cameo for the hemorrhoid commercial truth and packaging.
He's trying to say is a pain in the ass.
We love old Zim.
Who's he with now Tampa?
I think so.
I don't know.
I got screwed over by the Ankeesies with Tampa now.
Poor old Zim.
Love those 88 Cubs matter.
Whatever to have your was.
Was it 88?
88.
What a year that was.
That was sensational.
And anyway, here's another one.
Look at this.
A whole bunch of David says here's my 85 entries.
Suzanne Summers.
Oh, let's summarize it.
Talk about a rip off of vacans.
Talk about another.
And she's got her finger in everything if you put an expression.
You know what I mean?
Back home.
Suzanne Summers.
How are you long?
And Catherine Ziva Jones.
Who used to be Catherine Zeta Jones, but then she heard Zeta on the radio in Miami and said,
Oh, I don't want to be associated with that.
So now she's Catherine Zeta Jones.
Got those?
Yep.
I would assume you've got them since you're sending in these faxes, right?
Yes, sir.
So far, 124 votes.
Michael Jordan.
Who is the biggest horror?
Commercial horror?
What well known celebrity athlete, whatever?
Michael Jordan 49, Dan Marino 28.
Look at that.
Tiger Woods 12 already.
He's a little bit on there.
How many seconds?
About 30, man.
Shaq 11, Britney Spears 7, Deon Sanders, 6, LeBron James 6, Derek, Derek Udafot.
When Gritzky don't have any.
Well, you were here.
And you saw him on your screen every 10 seconds.
You'd puke your guts out too.
Just like poor Rauwatt's name, there was puke in his guts out when his wife spacked him on
the head, Randy McMichael.
What's your take on that?
See, my take is we don't really know enough yet, right?
Yeah, I mean, but on our station, it's always you immediately come to the, to the, to the,
to make the excuse for the athlete because we got a bunch of jocks and Jews on the station.
There's two different stories to this allegation.
And the wife says that she only, you know, like tapped him on the shoulder.
And, or that's what Randy said.
And the wife said that, you know, there's a couple of punches thrown.
Well, he said that he was puke in his guts out.
Who is it?
The magic bull puke in his guts out because he had too much to drink because it was his
birthday.
And she came and slapped him on the shoulder and which they turned around and just, you know,
give her a little tap.
Push her left hand.
Did this little tap?
I love tap.
How about Lance Armstrong?
Lots of bike commercials.
It says here.
Or you can put him on there.
PS.
It says, if you want to talk about the great home line security, there's been an abandoned old
blue car sitting at the peak of the R95 North Bridge over the Miami River.
I drive to work every day that way.
Notice this car Saturday morning just sitting right next to the top of the bridge.
And just by coincidence that bridge is right next to a city of Miami building.
How could this happen?
How could nobody have checked this out?
Even notice that the temporary tag has an expiration date of 8704.
Are all temporary tags only valid for a month?
Please call Tom Ridge.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
How can we want you to panic if you're nervous or anything like that?
But they're right on top of it.
Sodom has turned over to Iraq.
As if anybody cares.
It's just like paperwork.
You know what I mean?
What are they going to do with them now?
Legal custody of Austin Iraqi President Sodom Usain in 11 of his top former AIDS were transferred
to the Iraqis today according to the International Official.
The defendants were informed individually of their rights.
And Iraqi judge witnessed the proceedings.
They're going to appear in court on Thursday tomorrow.
For a formal reading of the charges but the trial itself won't take place for months,
the first step has happened, said Salem Chalabi, who just happens to be a member of the Eurifamily,
directed the Iraqi Special Tribe Unilittle, tried to work crime defendants.
I met with Sodom earlier the day to explain his rights immobile happened.
The remaining American control jail guarded by Americans until the Iraqis are ready to take physical custody of him.
That's expected to take a long time.
It says here, just like restoring order and sanity is expected to take a long time.
And of course, it ever happens at all and most people don't think it will.
Can I get a little morbid for just a second?
Okay.
Before we get into the important stuff like Randy McMichael and his wife and Pukin, his girlfriend, Drunk on his birthday.
But at Dolphins, really, they seemed to specialize.
I started out at the beginning of the show and that's just to meet you at Senderwood and the Gene Adkins and Cecil Lovicil.
Cecil Lovicil, a diesel weasel and Sammy Smith.
And who's the other one who was snorting up the chalk lines?
The Marthens.
The Marthens.
Sobby Humphries?
I'll have the Marst Brothers back in the day.
Right.
Duprin Clayton.
Uh-huh.
Well, what a Clayton do.
I thought he was cleaning their clean machine.
Aren't they both, uh...
No, it was Mark Duprid.
I was, uh, driving around with about 85 pounds of weed in his car.
That's not a West Coast.
That's normal.
And then what about Tony Martin?
Now he got off on that and I'm glad his Tony's a good guy.
He never stole a free trim but he had a little, uh, a little problem there.
A little running, right?
Sure.
So Dolphin's got as much time on the field winning games as they do in a court room
and in jail they'd be doing great.
But, my predict, and I heard that Joe Gabriety talking about playoff games,
man, old man, you look up about a sense of humor.
I'm going to tell you right now, 9 and 7 at best.
I'm thinking eight and eight for that team.
Nine and seven tops for your Miami Dolphins this next season.
Okay, write it down.
Just a...
Top's.
Nine and seven.
More likely eight and eight.
It won't be too great.
Anything that's still got a quarterback coming good luck to them.
And of course they got that touchy feeling, guy.
Here's the morbid story.
The mother of a soldier killed in a racquet invited news coverage to the
rival of a Sun flag-grade casket at Sacramento International Airport.
The early-adilance report is photographers and television crews were present
when the coffin of Army Sergeant Patrick McCampry 34 was transferred
to a horse outside of cargo terminal late Sunday.
The scene was in stark contrast with Pentagon policy banning photographs
of the coffins of dead military personnel while they're on military facilities.
McCampry did not die for nothing.
The way he lived needs to be talked about.
Patrick was not a fighter.
He was a peacemaker.
His mother, Nadia McCampry, told the L.A. Times.
I wanted his body to be coming home, so I just decided to do it this way.
It just happens he added on a good morning American ABC yesterday.
While she said the invitation to the media wasn't a political protest,
he planned to continue speaking out against the war.
This is an upsheet told the times we have to react.
Patrick McCampry and another soldier, both members of the California National Army,
the National Guard's 579th Engineer Battalion, were killed June 22 in the ambush.
Sighting privacy concerns the military, as you know,
banned photographs because it's bad for business and visual recordings of returning remains.
Critics say the policy makes it harder for citizens to understand the reality and cost of war
that they're actually already dead people over there.
There are people dying for no good reason that's bad for business.
The beta over the public should see the coffins of war dead,
flared in April when the Seattle Times published a front page photograph
of caskets in a cargo, playing in Kuwait, and a first amendment act that is posted on his website
dozens of similar images from Dover Delaware, set of the nation's largest military mortuary.
I just mentioned that in passing.
So here's another that's trying to do something, trying to make a little bit of a difference.
5670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
What entertainer or sports figure is the biggest commercial horror?
Let's see, the Times only got the 21.
Danny Boyz 32 and Michael Jordan 55.
5670560.
Line 9 is ringing QA and hello.
A meal.
Yes sir.
Hey I got one for your poll.
Okay.
You guys hadn't thought of it?
George Foreman.
Oh the Lee Mean Grilling Man.
Yeah he'd sell a dog chair if he could put his name on it.
Okay in fact I think he gets three of them free when you buy your Lee Mean Grilling machine.
Okay.
Would the people hurt?
Yeah multi-colored.
I like George Foreman though.
He's one of the few people in the boxing world.
Oh and then I heard yesterday was it on Joe showing this rambling about how much money my
Tyson has made.
Yep.
But like I said there at the beginning of the show yesterday a lot of your suckers out there.
He has next fight or whatever.
He fights is going to be paid from view that they can't move fast enough to get that reach into that wallet.
Get out that credit card, get out that bill.
And why is that?
I want to see what's next.
I think because he's a freak show America really loves a freak show.
They love Michael Jackson in kind of a perverse way and the same with Mike Tyson.
They love it.
5670560.
Count 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
WQA and hello.
Hi I've got two names for the ball.
Terry Bradshaw and Mike Piazza.
Mike Piazza.
Yeah we wonder about him.
Okay thanks we are.
Thanks.
Terry Bradshaw gave Noomi the word more on.
Now I wonder is he from because I only went to school at some Louisiana like Polytechnical school with 10 students.
All in by the way speaking of that, Willing Williams.
Yes.
Part of the deal if he's going to get into you and he has to actually buy two textbooks.
He doesn't have to open them but he has to have two textbooks at all times in his room.
That's going to be tough.
That's going to be that's some pretty harsh punishment.
You know you want to pick on Donna Shalaley over there by the way because she's brought integrity and honesty back to you.
I'm along with the V1 president there.
What else is his name?
Football D.
Football D.
What's a tad foot or he's the athletic director?
Yeah.
Shalaley is a president.
Donnie Shalaley.
I guarantee she's got a bigger print in the tad foot.
Don't we still have that fit in your tad foot and I bet we do somewhere.
I'll find it during a break.
1056 at 560 QM.
We got Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at two.
Mad Dog taking another well deserved day off.
All right.
The Hoper at 460 got your Marlins on deck.
Marlins at the Braves they pulled it out 540 last night.
A 705 tonight any camp at the baseball game.
We're sports radio fighters.
We're sports radio fighters.
We're UAM.
Okay.
Bro.
I want to scholarship the other day.
There's you as M.T.A.G.
We need you to play.
We did it all for that I thought was cool.
Just when it put ball it's okay.
I thought it's cool.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
That's it.
We got those incentives for you.
Just when the game is all that you've got to do.
You have all the drugs and women you've ever seen.
And party down the street in a little thing.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
The MC double lay that you've got kids.
They gave the school a little sample of it.
But that was that it's just another day.
We gonna keep on doing what we do anyway.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
We tad foot.
All right, now we shall end the game here.
We hate you like poison and we wish that you get a drug any more.
A lot on your ass.
How do you like that?
Rack them bitch.
Isn't that true?
Yeah.
Maybe.
No, no, seriously, what a sour bitch, huh?
Here we had last year.
We finally get billboards and believe you mean it isn't easy.
You get this teepass off the device any publicity at all.
I mean anything.
So we finally get some billboards last year.
And on the sports angle of the thing.
It says WQM, we've got balls.
Which is all the sports stations in America have been used.
It's not original.
Don't give us too much credit.
We've got balls.
And it shows WQM in the dolphins and the panthers and whatever else.
Right?
The Ormins.
Yeah.
Well, it's cute.
That's the deal.
It shows the logos for the various teams.
And Donna Shrelely of ice president or whatever she is.
What is she?
Bitch.
She's a bitch.
So she gets all bad out of shape when somebody brings the word attention.
Of course the fact that here are these billboards with the University of Miami logo saying we've got balls.
She writes us a letter to the station.
It's one of the most disgusting and vulgar things we don't want to be associated with that.
Yadia, yadia, yadia, yadia, yadia, yadia, and all of a crap.
And so all we did was we kept the billboards up.
But we took U.M. logo off of Mokeso, screw off Donna.
Bitch.
How much has she got a bigger pair than Janet?
That's why we like this a drag for Donna Shrelely over there at U.M.
We can't stand you, honey.
You're an idiot.
You're a simpleton.
You make me want a puke.
Dolphins, Randy McMichael, arrested domestic violence.
Gays I'm sure everybody in town is talking about this, aren't they?
Oh yeah.
Even though of course we like it.
We said we weren't there.
We don't know the details.
Nobody had a problem.
It was his birthday on Monday.
Dolphins is trying to, and by the way, contributing to this report in the Sun's Semilus morning, Josh Friedman.
Good old crumbs.
Is that what you called him?
Crumbs Friedman.
This is a man who had a stomach-staple to lose weight.
Who smelled?
Is bad as my boil smelled when I pierced a couple weeks ago and believed you made that was like the food.
The inside of the thuslas grave.
That's how bad that smelled.
Is bad as that was.
That was like lilacs compared to what Josh Friedman's got like.
Would at the losing cottage cheese all over the place.
At any rate, the rumor that I'm here is not only eating all the way back, but then some on top is what I'm hearing.
Is that true?
Well, why can't you say?
Does he work for us anymore?
No.
So what do you mean?
I haven't seen him in a while.
Well, I'm here and he's the biggest of house.
Okay, looks like you and Fat Boy and the Beast all rolled into one.
Wow.
Mike did come.
Mike Limp, Limp member did come.
He says, yeah, those really give me the guys around his Limp penis spots.
I'll tell you another one.
Another football, ex-football, Dan Reeves.
Right?
Didn't he have a heart attack?
Yeah.
And as you always on, you're peddling those damn statin' drugs which okay, by the way, those things are poison.
Believe me or not, I'm telling you right now.
Lova statin' a preva, preva call, Zo-core, you name it.
Yeah, Dan Reeves, he's all over the place.
Here's another one, Donald Trump.
Oh, yes, since that TV show all of a sudden is if this bastard don't have enough money, now there's Donald Trump all over the place too.
Here's the fact that says, more, this is a long facts.
Try to call you about the, you know, before I go on, I just want to say one thing.
If I sent a little incoherent these last couple of days, it's because I've been sleeping an hour later than usual.
It's not good.
I'm like, I don't even know what the hell side is up here.
And the reason being is that Georgia's on vacation this week.
So I figure, well, I'll catch an extra 45 minutes an hour sleep because ordinarily, Georgia and I start contaminating about 737.45 every morning.
I don't know about what, but just, you know,
stabbing everybody else in the back, stuff like that. That stuff that's fun.
And as a result of that, so I've been saving the late o'clock and I come crawling here around a little before 9, 845.
They're about, and I'm like, I'm just off my feet.
So if I sound incoherent, let's be excused.
Here's the fact this is, try to call you about this yesterday, but I had job interview to get to.
Thank you for the great economy, Mr. President, since about your poll concerning the Bush-Carry polls about six months ago,
I heard a news report on NPR that the university did their own poll about polls and discovered that people are sick and tired of responding to pollsters.
Maybe that's like the one here in Canada, the one that said the conservatives were like ahead and were going to win a, at least, the minority government and Stephen Harper was going to be the Prime Minister.
And guess what?
Wrong.
They said that great many people out there refusing to participate.
This means it's very possible that the results we're seeing now are all the opinions of shut-ins and people desperate to talk to anyone who listened to them.
Kind of like our callers, I guess, huh?
Yep.
Like the people who are called talk shows.
Other thing you mentioned sending sofa came to the Iraqi talk radio stations.
Better we should send them that.
Oh, this is QT, an unexpected version of Kambaliza.
That's right, they could play it.
Then if those guys ever stream on the internet, somebody in this country can hear it again.
Or maybe how about Kiss a Shmata? Good morning would be good.
It says you talk about not being able to play fart sounds after all these years.
How about to spike Joe and Son?
Their furious face that's been on the radio on and off for decades.
Would that be eligible for fines now? Absolutely.
Of course, perhaps that's why the Nazis at the FCC are so sensitive to that sound.
Adding something to your shillpool, how about Patrick Stewart?
He doesn't show his face, but there's tons of voiceovers, including that cholesterol drug that has fatal side effects.
There's another one.
See my second powers again?
About fatal side effects of those statin drugs?
Padpariya, don't take my word for it though.
Read that book by Kilmer, McCulloch and whatever his name is about all of these things.
Michael Jordan, 61, Dan Reno, 37.
Tiger was his god.
About 30 men.
He's moved up nicely, steadily and surely.
Britney Spears, 22, Shaq, 20.
See, I saw your problem for you there.
Isn't that easy Shaq?
The Oncidator 13, George Foreman, 10, LeBron, James, only 9.
That's amazing.
After we've played that, we'll have to play it again and again.
Derek Jeter, 6.
Catherine Zated Jones, Azidam, 3.
How he longs got a pair?
Terry Bradshaw, 1.
Well, I'm telling you.
See, we don't do a sports show and we had a lot of people in this audience who don't are really big sports bands and some actually hate sports like George.
But we really, some day, should do a pull on which of these sports, which of these sports nerds, jot types?
Which of those people on TV annoys you the most?
I mean, it wasn't he on Dion, but now that we've taken him off, it's got to be Terry Bradshaw.
I mean, he is just...
He gives new means to the word moron.
Am I right?
What about Terry Bowden?
Oh, yeah, Terry Bowden.
I don't know, but see, that's not...
That's a whole different genre.
He just can't help it.
He's just the in-bred.
He just read that.
Terry Bowden.
And you people are wrong.
We've taken that pull before about who's the biggest red neckable.
He never wins.
That's because I guess most people don't know him as well as I do.
Terry Bowden.
He makes Daddy look like a big city slicker as how illiterate he is.
He makes W look like a road scholar.
Terry Bowden.
Yeah, who?
He's what's wrong with America.
I'll say that right now.
Terry Bowden.
He's what...
Was that him?
Oh, I'm disappointed.
Is that him?
No, this is Daddy.
Oh, that's it.
No, that didn't think so.
That's much too articulate for Terry.
Dolphins, Tyden, Randy McMichael was arrested in Weston early to his dance suspicion
of hitting his pregnant wife.
Robert County Sheriff's Deputies responded to a domestic violence call.
Nevertheless, domestic violence call we heard about with an athlete or a fam.
Which one was that?
Oh, come on.
There's plenty of them.
No, I'm talking about big name.
What I just say, really big name.
Oh, we're talking about our boy Kobe.
Oh, man.
No, that's someone.
Domestic violence.
Kobe was a rape.
Man, I tell you you better get your abuse and attacks and rape and violence figured out straight now, man.
I'm talking about...
Oh, man.
Everybody in Kendall, OJ.
You heard all those tapes over and over again, the 911 tapes?
Yep.
Oh, man.
Kauanna Michael.
What I have second to be thrown in, it's been about 15 years in prison.
Domestic battery on a pregnant woman.
Kauanna Michael, what kind of name is that?
Kauanna.
Hey, you want a Kauanna?
No.
Kauanna McMichael, who police said his six months pregnant, was also charged with domestic battery.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Did you?
Yes, I did.
Well, what kind of...
This sounds like a cat fight to me.
Four lottery ellenternity, Adam Swickel, who is representing Randy McMichael, said he posted $5,000
a bond yesterday afternoon.
McMichael was released Tuesday evening, according to the Sheriff's Office records.
Kauanna McMichael posted $1,000 on his bond, was released Tuesday evening, according to Sheriff's
Orifice.
Swickel said there were no extra conditions to attack to McMichael's bond, which means he and his wife can have
contact if they choose.
Swickel said neither McMichael nor his wife wanted a no contact provision on the bond.
The couple's been married about a year.
As far as what Randy feels or thinks about what happened, I don't want to get into that because it's not appropriate
right now.
Swickel said through Rosenhaus, McMichael's agent declined to comment, which is a miracle for him, because
he generally can't show his big mouth.
Swickel said the State Attorney's Office has 21 days to decide whether to file charges.
I say forget about it, don't you?
Yeah, why not?
They had a little domestic conflict on the area.
She has slept in, he has slept in the back bitch, and then that's it.
We certainly are aware of the seriousness of this matter.
We don't condone the types of action which have been led to have occurred.
Dolphin coach Dave Wonsdett said in a statement released by the team.
However, we will withhold any comment on this specific situation until the judicial processes run its course.
What a concept.
According to the probable cause of David,
Coana McMichael, six months pregnant, accused her husband of six foot four and 250 pounds of big-ass mother,
of grabbing her by her right arm and striking her several times after she confronted him about outing out late drinking.
Court of Police, Coana McMichael said she slept with Randy Scholder and he was,
ah, how can you get charged with?
It's just a badery.
Domestic battery.
Jesus.
He said she slept with his shoulder and he responded by hitting her.
The affidavits had Coana had slight swelling on her left cheek.
Backed him.
And minor abrasions on her right arm,
but that she wouldn't tell police where her husband allegedly stuck her because she didn't want to get her husband in trouble.
The affidavits had Randy McMichael admitted to having a life to drink while out celebrating his birthday
and police said he had a strong odor of booze on his bread.
But Randy McMichael told the police,
is why I've hit him across the heed with their hand while he was vomiting in the bathroom.
And he responded by pushing the rancid out of the way he said he fell to the ground,
according to the affidavits.
Randy McMichael gave a similar description to the incident to emergency operation according to the recording of the call.
McMichael, who sounds angry during the call, repeatedly told the operator that he wanted to leave the house with his 70-year-old daughter,
Sierra, my wife hit me and I'm defending myself.
Now see, he was still good to legal that, you know?
And I'm defending myself, McMichael told the operator,
urged him to calm down throughout the call.
He's only 256 before.
She hit him and he's defending himself.
Maybe he's just a big ol' pussycat, you think?
It's possible.
That might be it.
He's picking on.
11-13 at 5-60 WQM.
And nobody wants to talk about cancer, heart disease, and yet we owe it to ourselves and our families
to be sure that you're in good health.
He can't just sit around and hope for the best.
It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if you find it early.
Hollywood, Diagnostic Center, has prior to announce their virtual colonoscopy,
coronary heart scoring, and full body screening exams that can detect cancer
other like 13 diseases in their early stages.
You don't even need a doctor's referral to get these exams done.
I had him done a few weeks ago, the coronary heart screening and full body screening.
Not intrusive at all.
It takes just a few minutes out of your life.
And then as you look at the results, the doctor actually shows you the results.
It's like taking a virtual trip right through your body, through your lungs,
all of these things.
It's amazing.
For all your imaging exams, call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9-5-4-9-6-6-3600
for the test that can give you and your family peace of mind even be a life saving exam.
At Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they obviously state that they are imaging equipment with open MRI,
high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine, and much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving staff for over 20 years,
and their facility also provides a complete mobile-administered service that can come right to you.
For example, if you can get into some kind of a domestic squabble and somebody breaks your arm,
your neck, they'll come right to you.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9-5-4-9-6-6-3600 for your life saving imaging exam today.
9-5-4-9-6-6-3600.
You've saved it and saved it for one.
You get it now they have only one.
Take it away.
Open it up, so it's gone.
We've got it.
Now they will put it in save.
We've got it.
We've got it.
We've got it.
You saved our 11th and it's what they've got you to believe.
Can't get any better but a whole party can't fit in.
You've been working for this and this is like a fall.
A person who's a wolf has been you and this is a state so that war will always prove.
Call these elections on regardless which is not as painful as you've got to.
Just tell them all your needs.
We've got it.
We've got it.
We've stuck them in there.
We sold them the weapons, the poison, gas, all of these things.
We smiled, we're going to get it.
We've got them, we're going to get it.
Hand them over to the Iraqi so they can give them what for after we put them in the first place so they can kill all those people.
Hey, by the way, quick.
We just got the food from the place called the joint.
Oh, that's right, it was the joint.
You did know that because you said yesterday but your advanced stage is affecting your memory.
Yeah, we'll go with that.
But yeah, nice guys, they brought in a bunch of food for the station.
They're right on Ivesderry.
Ivesderry road west to 95.
They brought a bunch of stuff for us.
Got a menu, you should definitely go check them out.
Thanks to our friends at the joint.
Thanks as always appreciate the free joint.
I love it.
How about you do?
I was about to say something extremely important only moments ago before you entered but that's good because we want to plug them a lot so they'll bring a lot of good free food.
It was about what?
Man, I am serious.
I need to go back to bed for another hour.
To un-sleep off that extra hour that I slept last two days?
That might work.
Now, there's a thing about son, I mean just the frost, your ass so much that the meatier, you're so bad, you're so lame, you're pathetic.
All you have to do is go on the internet.
I say all you have to do, most people won't do it, will it?
No.
That's why we've got so many morons running around because they sit back, they watch their fox news, they watch CNN, they watch MSNBC, they watch their network can news.
Maybe they watch MSNBC a few people.
But third man.
And that's where they get this notion of what's really happening in the world, it's mostly bull crab.
It's on the website, it's including ours.
There was the picture of Rumsfeld taking hands with Sodom with a big gashmit eating a grin on his pus in 83.
We loved him, man, he was the buffer.
It wasn't just the Crawley-Oni family had a lot of buffers out there, we had a lot of buffers.
And just as long as it was our slime bag, then we loved him like crazy.
He was the buffer between the Iranians and the end of the world, the Ayatollah.
And Bush won, by the way, Bush Herbert Walker, Bush won, it was him and Reagan then, and Rumsfeld had propped him up.
Bush once said that he didn't go in there and get Sodom out at the end of the Gulf War I,
because of the fact they were afraid that whatever followed him in power would be even worse.
Like the Ayatollah, another theocracy, another bunch of religiousness running in the country.
But anyway, I just mentioned that in passing.
That's the same George Herbert Walker Bush who was against this war.
That's right.
Very quietly.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So thanks to our friends at the joy.
And what did they bring you, burgers and a bunch of...
I got everything, I got four out of the ribs, pork, you name.
Oh, this is good, we could actually maybe give it a little publicity this week.
That crant is going to explode on the air and let me go to the arriveder show, filling in for George.
Definitely the flag.
Why, they're coming in again every day.
Maybe.
Oh, okay, well if they're not coming back tomorrow, we'll get the Jeff Cohen to come in.
Listen, you know me, I'm the expert on getting free food.
That's the best.
Generally when I'm there, no, it's not the best.
And we'll get Wayne Arle to come in.
Wayne hasn't been there in a long time.
Yeah, bring Wayne in.
With some of them newly burgers and great Rochester White Hots, those are Russers White Hots.
Hey, they were in that too long ago.
Were they?
Yeah.
Well, there was a George deal in, probably when I was on vacation.
Yeah.
So we know what it's like getting free food.
When times get really rough folks, just stop, I will feed all the address brought us out there.
What entertainer or sports figure is the biggest commercial a horror would sell them a self-aware nickel?
Michael Jordan 71, Danny Boy, Dan Marie 043.
Now that's, we like you, Danny.
I mean, you never stole a freight train.
You got funny looking lips, but nevertheless.
But you're just everywhere, a little bit too much.
Tiger Woods 37, he's moving up on Danny's ass fast.
Shaq's got 25.
Britney Spears, he's got 22.
George Foreman, the lean green villain, the lean main shilling machine.
He's got 17.
The seven kids on him, George.
Does he really?
All his kids hands are George's.
Oh, now let me ask you this seriously.
How could you not like George Foreman?
He's just a fun guy, and I love him.
He's great.
He's a great guy.
Great.
He's got a great attitude.
He's a good guy.
Yeah, what's not to like?
The on Sanders' sports, he can't stand him.
Donald Trump 11, despise him.
LeBron James 10.
Catherine Zeta Jones 6, Derek Zeta 6.
Derek Zeta Jones.
How he longs got a paratory branch, all one Mike did come on.
Lance Armstrong, students from Canada, Mike Piazza, Dan Reeves, and Wayne Gritzky.
We all got the big out of 266.
Don't forget, we'll change you to pull it in the room.
All right.
Hey, you're looking forward to that.
Well, I think there are a lot more concerned about that school teacher in a 14-year-old boy.
They're emphasizing about it right now.
In their mind, they're making up stories.
Especially guys like in their 40s and 50s.
It's very easy to convince yourself that something happened years and years ago.
And if you keep thinking about it and pretending it happened often enough, then eventually it didn't happen.
You know?
Oh, yeah.
I'm trying to think about it right now.
There you go.
I'll bet you are.
Well, let me take a while.
567-0560, pound 567.
But maybe it was that you're a little crisp with Robert Creeper before the emotion this morning.
That's possible.
WQA, hello.
Not there on line two.
QA, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is the poll just exclusively for North America?
Not necessarily, but it might be nice if somebody knows who it is.
David Beckham.
David Beckham.
Good one.
Okay, Neil.
In suggestion for a new poll.
The biggest mistake that Greg Reed has made concerning QA.
Oh, that might be a two-day, a two-parter.
I told George a couple of weeks ago when he was on vacation, he told me he said, just to you, but I guess forgot.
Well, that's going to be tomorrow's poll.
Thanks, Paul.
Take care, Neil.
The bigger, I'm going to write it down so I don't forget.
The biggest screw-ups by Greg Reed, huh?
The biggest screw-up.
And I'll give you one right now.
Okay, that'll have like a two-sided deal, kind of a two-phase deal.
It'll be hiring Scott Farrell and firing Scott Farrell.
See?
See how we're coming at that?
How's he doing, by the way?
In Atlanta?
He's going good.
How do you know that?
I spoke to him.
You spoke to Scott Farrell?
Oh, I did.
When was this?
Two weeks ago.
About what?
He was down, he was stuck down here from May of the day.
In that Memorial Day weekend.
And he picked that stuff up on the Monday.
Yeah.
So he did a show from the 940 studios.
So he called me while he was down there because he was stuck.
And he called me and we talked for a little while.
He told me how everything was going good in Atlanta.
Well, that's great.
We wish him all of us this.
Don't come back.
5, 6, 7.
I don't want to go into it.
We'll do it tomorrow when we do that poll.
If the audience only knew, if you only knew,
why don't you think even you know all of the stories?
Oh, I do.
Do you?
Oh, yeah.
So like I said, we wish you all the best, Scott.
Just stay the hell away.
WQA, and hello.
Bobby Knight.
Bobby Knight.
Something, everything's in fertilizer, the shoes.
And believe me, when it comes to fertilizer, he's the expert, man.
Thanks a lot, Polly.
Bobby Knight.
Got it? Good.
See, we can live building this thing nicely.
Of course, it knew we'll be on the anchor off of there and put that other one on there.
To get your take on it, schoolteach run it, nasty, nasty, hostile, horny, 23-year-old hot bitch,
who, you know, was molested in that poor, 14-year-old boy,
while his 15-year-old cousin was driving him around and watching.
He had one hand on the steering wheel and got only knows what else.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
WQA, and hello.
It's Neil.
It sounds like me, yeah.
Oh, well, yeah.
Earlier, he was talking about a most annoying sports on air broadcast,
or I want that poor one, still seems included.
Yeah, he doesn't show up for a second.
He's a Tim McArthur football.
Definitely.
Stop, stop, stop, okay.
Thanks, Polly.
Well, we got a whole bunch of pulls.
We're going to be climbing pretty soon.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
We're a sports video, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
You, A, M.
You can find a guy to call him.
I know the one who's waiting to get in the Moe Highland and David and his home.
He's the corner of my aspirations.
They are waiting for me.
I don't even know how you're children.
They're about hello.
Yeah, I want your take on J.P.
Oh, J.P.
They really is a great corner back in a good joke.
I like J.P.
Well, not to mention, he's got extraordinary, never-least smooth top seasons.
Oh, yeah.
You're going to be careful with your safety.
Oh, P.P.
Thank you more.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
I'm going to have nothing else to say.
Look at that.
How about this?
I was going to have a down there in the mirror box.
I'm going to write down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait.
By the way, something.
No, I didn't know.
I have to go.
Okay, tell you what.
I'll hold you open up right now.
Yeah.
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
No way.
That was the only color we had.
Yeah, things I know that's blowing again.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
You got things we could say.
I can know that I can say.
And around those golden temples, you close my eyes.
I can feel those things up here.
I don't feel a road that's left to end me.
Yes, that's the reason.
Way to die.
I know it's close with something steep.
Almost every day I see.
Am I paying for it?
When I start the tickle, I am annoyed.
I'm annoyed.
Yeah, I know.
I don't like the power of life.
That's because I'm 20 years old.
I know that I'm still with people.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
You have to watch this on your Facebook or on Twitter more clearly.
Look at the screen.
He might not pick John Edwards to be his running mate is because Edwards is like young and alive. He might like upstage him.
Let me try something.
Oh man, oh man.
Get Randy McMichael to swipe him on the side of the head and wake him up a little bit, okay?
And I made him a little.
Hold on, look at that. There's Dick Cheney with Rudy Giuliani at the Yankees game. Oh brother.
No comment.
Michael Jordan 78, Dan Marino 51, Tiger Woods 45. See the Tigers moving up on Danny Boy. He's moving into their contest.
I told you.
Shactor D2, Britney Spears 29, Donald Trump 21, George Forman 20, the lean mean Shillin machine.
The Encenters 15, Catherine Zedid Jones 12, the Bronze Games love everybody on single digits.
More than 4,000 scientists have signed a petition, accusing George Bush of twisting their work to further his political agenda.
This isn't the British independent.
Since for Michael Green there was little hesitation. A Harvard professor has spent much of his life working in the field of reproductive health.
And when in his capacity as a member of a federal advisory committee, he was asked his opinion about a new emergency contraception.
He had few doubts about recommending that it be licensed.
And he did the overwhelming majority of his colleagues on the committee formed by the US FDA.
Indeed, the distinguished panel voted 23 to 4 in favor of selling the morning after pill planned be without prescription.
The FDA almost always follows its experts recommendations, but not this time.
Despite the wealth of expert opinion, the FDA rejected the committee's view claiming that there was insufficient data.
Committee members were incensed, emails flew back and forth, talking of resignation and political interference inside the scientific process.
People are very angry, says Green. The issue here is much larger than just plan B.
The decision is blatantly contrary to the science and the facts, and so blatantly politicized.
But critics say that this is just one modest example among dozens of the way in which the administration of George Bush is manipulating and twisting science for its own extreme ideological ends.
On issues from global warming to lead in drinking water in the alleged link between breast cancer and abortions, this administration, like no other beforward, is turning science into a political battleground.
Suddenly, science is responding, what is almost certainly an unprecedented revolt against the government.
Earlier this year, the non-profit Group the Union of Concerned Scientists put together a petition of a so far been signed by more than 4,000 scientists among the 20 Nobel Prize winners demanding that the Bush administration change its behavior.
It also published a 38-page report detailing the government's scientific distortions.
Successful application of science has played a large part in the policies that have made the U.S. the world's most powerful nation, and its citizens increasingly prosperous and healthy reports as, although scientific input to the government is rarely the only factor in public policy decisions, this input should always be way from an objective and partial perspective to avoid perilous consequences.
Indeed, this principle has long been adhered to by presidents and administration to both parties informing and implementing policies the administration of George Bush has, however, disregarded the principle.
The result of this politicization, say, the swanal scientists, has resulted not only in flawed policies, but the very underbinding of American scientific ideals, even perhaps nations founding principles.
There are few issues where the evidence of scientific distortions is more apparent than that of reproductive health.
On January 22, 2001, four days after his inauguration, Bush reinstated the so-called Mexico City Policy, which denies federal funds to family planning groups that provide abortion counseling or services overseas.
Since then, led by its born-of-get evangelical leader, the government has waged war on anything that might be considered a liberal approach toward reproductive health, condoms have been condemned as ineffective, and the administration has adopted abstinence only as the official approach towards sex education.
Over the last three years, Congress has given more than $100 million in grants and organizations that promote abstinence only education, so long story to hold stories on our website.
In theaters everywhere, this Friday, Chiquillon Meal is ruined.
The government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world.
The government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world.
The government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world.
The government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world.
The government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world.
The government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world.
The government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in a state of emergency for the first time in the world, and the government has been in
waves, that is a I think Haitian melodies point 7, F ahead and a morning point 5. RFF
Now that the Palm Beach station is going to clear the stern, starts your life well.
So by the end of the summer you'll start seeing something happen maybe.
Maybe.
You don't think?
I don't think it depends.
I mean, if that could come in good and broward in like North Day and maybe, but just
Palm Beach, I don't think it's going to do that great.
Guy said Atlantic and but Guy said in plantation of one color before said the buzz is coming
in without any buzz.
Probably a clear signal on ours which could be almost anything.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
That's going to be such a great pull tomorrow.
Thanks again, Pally for calling that suggestion.
The biggest screw up that Greg Reed made at WDQAM.
In fact, we'll go like over the past seven years.
Maybe like hiring me.
Give it a great midday show.
You can crisp more on.
Remember that?
Oh yes.
That was big.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, hi.
I'm Neil speaking.
Yeah, hi.
How you doing?
I'm good.
I heard a message that's going through.
I don't know if you guys heard it that Perry's going to take Hillary for vice president.
Where do you hear that?
It was just saying at 94.3 and I heard another station that's going to be a news press coming
out, but they're saying that Hillary is going to be picked for vice president.
And what do you think?
I say great.
Okay, well, we'll see.
You believe that?
I don't know.
I don't think she wants to be vice president to you.
I don't think so.
I think she's sitting back there chopping that a bit waiting for 2008.
I think she's hoping that Kerry false slept on his face and I could be wrong.
What's your take?
Hillary, I don't know.
Because she's extraordinarily polarizing.
She's a guy like John Edwards.
I mean, many of their people are in big fans of John Edwards, but I can't imagine anybody
hates him like poison.
He's just kind of a good old boy, you know, pleasant, looks human.
Sort of.
Yeah, kind of.
And kind of a southern way of looking human.
But Hillary, on the other hand, I really believe that people either love her or they hate her
like poison.
There is no medium.
Exactly.
No, but Nancy will tell her we're to find a medium.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Largeless life.
What?
Unbelievable irony.
Reagan croaks and so we went through two weeks of all of these eulogies and these tributes
to the man.
He's the one that stuck all of these dictators in all over the freaking world, including Sodom
who's saying the same guy that we're raving about now.
We got him.
We brought him to justice.
Operation Iraqi Freedom, all this other bull crap.
Which of course said that nothing to do with that.
WDQA and hello.
You're serious to the man.
No one is serious.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I heard you say earlier that Bill O'Reilly, you just think, I've never heard him on
the radio.
He's not here in South Florida.
Yes he is.
What station's that?
850 AM.
Oh.
He's looking for a little promo.
That's all.
I have no problem with that.
I'm promoting the steering show being on the bus.
We don't care.
We're not afraid.
We're not panicky.
Oh, don't mention any other callers.
All of that bull crap.
That's for people who are scared, who are afraid to compete.
Maybe that was a rally.
That could have been him.
Well, as a matter of fact, the interesting thing is that when they first put his radio show
on, and they thought they were going to kick Russian ass, you know, his people from Fox
believe they're not.
His people called George several times, inviting me to be on his show, and then asking
do I want him on my show so I could promote his radio show being in the market.
And of course, I said very rapidly.
No, no, no.
No.
No chance.
What the hell do I need him for?
What's he going to do for me?
Not much.
Nothing.
So, there you go, Bill O'Reilly.
He is on a 50, he's got a 0.2, a little bigger than Mr. Ego there, but not much.
He isn't even...he's not even like a mosquito on Russia's ass.
That's all he's got.
He's not even done nothing.
Zero.
So, we can talk all we want about Pill Pop and Russian is 55 divorces, and all of his other
problems and what a hypocrite is.
All of which are true, but nevertheless, hand-de-man is due.
he's a radio monster. He's got more people listening to him every day than any other
radio show including the Howard Meister, any other radio show, absolutely not that
Howard, in America, which is a pretty sad commentary but that happens to be the
truth and the Bill O'Reilly radio show is like a it's like the O'Reilly no factor.
WDQA and hello. Tell me also look at Molly Ivan's column today.
What's it about? It's about a religion, good Christians. Okay I'll do it. We
write on it. During the break I get on Molly Ivan's column. Also see if Norm can't
answer my last email. What do you want Norm? Why are you bothering me? Why
don't you call in okay on a bad line? We'll discuss it on a year or not. Boy oh boy
you see there are some people who aren't satisfied. They know that you're really
happy and you're enjoying life and everything is going too well. The ratings
came out yesterday. We're doing great and all of a sudden because they have too
much time on their hands. Who did that song? I don't know. Too much time on my hands.
I can't I couldn't tell you. Boy you are just okay. Was that during my time period?
Yes. You know one thing about Zach if it's not about sports or food forget about it.
You know what I mean? Let me correct myself. If it's not about food,
God about it. Right. Fieset which is not a knock. It's just one of those things.
That's your specialty. Not everybody can spread themselves too thin which you
obviously haven't done. I'm trying. But yeah that's your specialty is food. I like it.
Line nine I bet there might be somebody on here. QA and hello. Yeah the
Fudge report has a better Hillary's going to be the vice president. Really? Okay I'll
check it out immediately if not sooner. Thank you. Okay let's go to the Fudge report
which is accurate about one time in a hundred. Hillary for VP. Okay let's just see how
maybe Miss Fudge got some good stuff this morning. I'm waiting for it. Oh look at that.
Take a little bit of a time. Sodom will be executed. Well we already saw that one.
Okay big deal. Does he have the Howard Stern story on here since he thinks he's king of all
all the expert media critic. Vice president here. Oh yes a speculation intensifies in Washington
just like John Kerry had the affair with the intern and just like all of the other BS that
he puts on here. When he announces it when John Kerry announces it from his stale moldy
lips then I'll believe it. Otherwise forget about it. I'll face you see I'm not supposed
to read this. I'm not going to read it like you're verbatim because he has his own story.
He says Washington will be rock when Hillary is picked as Kerry's out of yoddy out of
yoddy. Also predicts a Washington insider who spoke to the Fudge report condition of
an okay well that's great. Some anonymous group all somewhere said this told us one
that and Miss Fudge puts it on here. When you have some real information instead of just
being Walter Winshaw Jr. Okay with a bald head in the goofy hat. Let us know. And these
people breathless. Well Hillary is going to be the VP. Like I said let us know what
it happens. Right? Now the Molly Irvings column I think I might put a little more stuck
in that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 Tom 5 60 on the 18 and T. And for eyes of Martha's line Curtis
Davidson for the mad dog at two the hopper at four Marlon pregame at 6 30 game at 7 0 5 WQ
A. Hello. Hey. Is this George? Yes. Hey George. Did I hear you guys just say the
hour's terms back on the air down here? Yep. No. 9 July 12 July 12. What's
mission that going to be on? 103.1 in Palm Beach. Where do you live? I live in
Coral Springs. Yeah you might be able to hear 103.1 FM. All right. Thank you very much.
You bet. See we have no problem with that. We don't mind that. Bill O'Rally 850 on
the AM dial. A station had nobody in date of row. Listen. So it's got a big signal.
You can hear it. Anybody want to hear it? No. But you can hear it though. Right? Yeah.
I'm delighted to promote all the other. In fact we used to have some of these goofballs
on these minor league stations. They used to call in and promote their own radio show.
If yours were around he would remember there was one guy. I'll have to ask him next week.
Well I can't think of the guy's name. He used to call into promoting his show. He was
like on the light bulb junior one of those make believe radio stations. Those 10 watt
stations used to call in so we could like you know do a plug. Nothing like a little
self promotion. Yeah just like that shameless guy that's running for dog catcher
with somewhere that Frank will remember that guy you would call every day if you let him.
Causing Frank Armande's Shwarz whatever his name was. Causing one day and I pick it up.
Cool like all the other calls here we do screenless. Oh is this near yeah and it's like a nice
guy is running against Lincoln D. S. B. Lard for God the house in the audio. Okay great
anybody's running against him the Democrats aren't running anybody. This guy's a libertarian
which I can't stand it all but nevertheless he sounded like a reasonable guy. He's running
against the real Nazis so I give a couple of minutes. Okay fine nice job. The next day
I'm going through the calls I punch our fun. Oh it's Frank perfect shorts again. Is
it a show four minutes till noon at five sixty WQM will give you the final result of
that other pull them again to the new one and the spicy juicy one. With the heat of summertime
here but the big time now is a great time to get out of that car you've been driving
get yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota of homestead. Your fight
upon US one just 20 minutes south of the E36 no matter where you are in South Florida
even if you can't hear a buzz a buzz. It's worth driving anywhere to save you a ton of cash
on great new Toyota's with rising gas prices maybe you'd like to get a car with more
fuel economy. The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just $11,990 or lease it for
just $209 a month. Need a great Toyota for that college or high school grant how about
the Toyota EcoVs price at just $199. Need a truck to be six to a 10-degree regular cab
can be yours for just $239 a month. Looking for the hottest new cars around be sure and
check out the Corolla XRS and Solaric convertible waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota
of homestead. Their service department is even open late to late weeknights to make sure
they get all your service work done for you they're wonderful folks to do business with
and they'll let you give you a big phony solid advance. Armstrong Toyota homestead were
the first either in South Florida off your free tires and batteries for life and now they're
the first to offer your free replacement parts for life as well. Tires, batteries and free
parts for life nobody you know where else does that. So instead of getting sucked in by
those mega dealers with screaming yell and holler and get you in with phony promises
get yourself a real honest and goodness great deal at Armstrong Toyota homestead today
see the GM David Rich drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong
Toyota of homestead. Look it it's the 12th to 1 hour yeah at least for today I stand
in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while on a little slow
learner but Neil I apologize it's way deal you are the truth. Bill Clinton was exposed
as an adulterer one of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly but now is my turn
to show him what I had discovered. On that auspicious day lunch was served on the grounds
under an enormous white canvas tent one of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro
there was a mischievous gleam in his eye then he said something that left me in awe.
Hillary I have a picture of you in my office mmm delicious almost immediately we crashed
into bed it was wonderful to lose myself and sheer physical sensation a few days later
he be wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House I answered
yes you must come to see me that night I was ushered upstairs and told to put on a wig
and hoof skirt and he periodically broken to giggles for no apparent reason I'm not all that
athletic anymore but the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth squealing when CD finished
I felt numb another surprise soon follow Paul McCartney George Harrison and Mick Jagger
he'll didn't mind after all it happens.
Bravo to at five sixty there's your next vice president Hillary Clinton or not as the case may
be anyway let's give it a final result and then I'll get to a normed hence email which I find
most amusing I score a norma one entertainment or sports figure is the biggest commercial of horror
Michael Jordan 90 Danny Merino boy 63 Tiger Woods 55 respectable turd you turd
shack 40 Britney Spears 35 Donald Trump 35 George 425 beyond Sanders 19 Catherine Zeta Jones
13 LeBron James has got a dozen terror grabs draw seven Derek G either seven Mike Dipka five
how a long three Susan Miranda and a pair David Beckham's got a pair when Gretzky finally got
one nice little most Lance Armstrong won Dan Reeves and Mike Piazza got none out of 415 here's
the next bowl this is it we'll get it up in a bowl two what's your take on the Tampa School
teacher 23 years old no less who had sex with their 14 year old student what do you think oh my
god five choices and maybe there's more I don't know some other ideas I'm jealous no big deal
the cousins should be shot for squealing fry her ass or she's a crazy bitch but very hot
do I leave anything out covers it covered all the base as well now here's the email
response I get from normal can't after he wants me to call him and I'm not gonna call you
nor am I got the maid coming I got you know lunch to get all kinds of heavy duty stuff it's
more important than here in your BS wait till you hear this you will just pee your pants
Neil I received a call from someone who said you mentioned on the air you would sign an
extension to your contract if you could work less hours not knowing the veracity of the remark
I thought I would check with you to see who we're true is that incredible or what let me give
you the short answer norm no no I did say that I was just kidding around okay I would
I know he wasn't listening to that they let somebody who was trying to figure out a way to get
normed to make some more money right that's got to be the deal it's got to be it no the answer
is no another two and a half years long way to go baby two and a half years lost gonna have it
out of that time maybe I'll win the lottery tonight for what's in million bucks committee me
and then Josh and Zach can do the show tomorrow and Friday nice that'd be good you have a good time
I'm hoping you would you already got the poll for tomorrow yes we do the biggest screw up by Greg
Rita wq I mean you who you just rip Greg and ask I'm sure they're both here oh yeah you sure
okay I won't I won't repeat what you said before the show okay here's the fact your mudgate
fill I was watching some program on TV listing the 10 top most beautiful women they list
included Oprah and Condoleezza holy cow are you kidding me I must have been talking about horse
faced women is what they were talking about I also had a misfortune of tuning in this right wing
idiot Michael Savage oh no while channel serving the AM dial he was blaming high gas prices on
environmentalists oh I don't want to read this oh Phil and one get please please this is almost as
you pressing his normal kins email and this is something how some of these people are so one
dimensional I can't find the new Molly Ivens column on religion I checked on her website in the
Fort Worth whatever that is telegram I can't find a new one so if anybody's got it fax it in or
let us know where it is okay let's see what I should vote on this thing see I don't know what
to vote on this I'm just gonna vote the cousin should be shot for a square yeah I think he
out should have mine is on business in fact he didn't realize what a good deal he had gone maybe
was just jealous just keep the video tape rolling and keep it was only getting to watch but I
think he probably was enjoying it enormously okay I could be wrong about that but I doubt it
he was probably getting these jolly's so I think that maybe we're not talking about physical harm
or anything like that we want to just a radio show if you find somebody does something like that
shoot an imbalag that's right just like Ronnie ankle would be good just incapacitating per few days
reassess it reassesses his life fine 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA
and hello hey male player speaking you know I just want to make an observation about this FCC
stuff you've been talking about and how absurd it is that the vice president who's pushing this
down our throat drop and have problems on the floor of the senate and I wish that you could start
the last senate what's that I said I have a great day oh he said the floor of the senate I'm
sure he said the floor of the senate that's not what he sounded like yeah he said the floor of the
senate he had to be a little more articulate than that pali but I get I get you a good trip
well there are a bunch of hypocrites there a bunch of phonies and like I said the other day
and don't get me wrong I don't I'm not interested in having the government interfering with the
anyway or censoring any material but on the one hand they said it's okay for pornography to be
on there because you're infringing on a first amendment but if we play fart sounds on a radio
which they can even do on a new Iraq talk show it play fart sounds then we're going to find you
like him either 275 thousand or maybe a half a million dollars a fart you talk about expensive gas
very expensive even amaco never saw nothing like this and those fakers at shale
anybody fast at Molly Evans Commonwealth I'll do it during my break I don't want to put you
guys into a lot of stressful situations thank you well it's it's a lot of work because she's
all over the place Molly okay I'm jealous here's the first result on the new pool about the
teacher but a 14 year old kid it was in a state of Washington in fact what the what's that the
teachers name are ready again this morning in the original story lieutenant Mary Ann Lattorno
yep doesn't that sound right yep in fact she had two kids by that kid
did you know that she had two kids with the kids right oh my god yeah because she got out
they let her out for a while and then they were like cohabiting again and they just like
their ass back in jail again but in the meantime around and before and in between he knocked
her up twice I just mentioned that in passing 49 votes on a pool on the new one what's your take on
the Tampa School teacher at sex with her 14 year old student let me ask you this what it would have
been if it would have been a girl 14 year old female student it would have been a lot worse than
it is now I think a response would have been can I watch if we got the video tape to help with
Paris Hilton I think they would have want to watch yeah yeah I think they'd want to watch this one
too when you come right down to it um jealous 19 the cousin should be shot for squirreling
15 piece of crap she's a crazy bitch but very hot nine no big deal three and fry her ass three
three people fry her ass that pervert that nasty bitch destroying the morals of our young people
wqa and hello no yes sir Mary Taylor Tonto but I say Mary Joe Mary Mary well okay excuse me
enough yeah and the board goes back thank you now you talk about a nitpicker man how do you like
that Mary K he's probably using her cosmetics right now he's pretty amount as we speak five six seven
rectum oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighth and then there was the one in the wingland too
in the uh somewhere Massachusetts wasn't in Boston but somewhere in the wingland another one of
those are same deals female school features the only thing is that one in uh Washington Mary K Mary
J Mary Joe whatever name was Mary Ann uh that kid was holy man did you see him maybe she
called sorry for him it didn't seem he was like part Indian and part Martian that kid he was really
bizarre but anyway maybe it's something that didn't meet the eye with somebody qam hello
io d is dropping through Henry okay is that so yeah and they're putting on Sean Hennessy who
the hell's that Sean Hennessy you mean Sean Hennessy yes they're dropping through Henry right are
you sure okay Mike okay thank you see you around okay
blind Mike we got radio gossip going baby you know it's the dog days of the summer already it's
almost before the due lie when we got calls from blind Mike on there that they're going to be dropping
Phil Henry okay he liked that so he wasn't even right wing enough for the clear channel people
they're going to put Sean Hannity on the dispute his crap spinning it like like a bowl weevil
is that incredible or what so like i said don't forget to fill Henry show they've used on
summer see that's where to get Phil when you know real turn coat are you sure really turn out
to be a piece of crap when you have no principles at all when you just totally sell out and still
didn't work for him still didn't work they're gonna put on a freaking Sean Hannity show at wio d
that amazing you know that's one station when i'm in town i never ever listened to wio d oh i
ate that station i worked there for nine years when it was a real radio station when we had a really
great thing going and and now you couldn't pay me to listen to it i mean what am i going to get
the pill popper on air or his his clone air in the afternoon pill popper junior and then the
Beck from Tampa they got the rhymes with Drek in the morning that they put on instead of
Dr. Laura and their numbers really went into crap for this last trend yesterday man that was
that was a pleasing thing to see in fact you know something maybe maybe the audience is finally
getting around to punishing the tea channel stations for a school and over with stern that'd be nice
and keeping into the FCC and being a much of some of that would be beautiful from it it's afternoon at
560 w to QM if your hair ain't so beautiful in other words if most of it is gone or you got a big
vault spot there like most guys have sooner or later everybody and their brother would like to
your business they want to grab your money in fact there are people will take thousands of dollars
from it and then you might have still with a big vault spot Charles out here has been designing and
supplying hair systems to people with lots of money no money in between for more than 35 years
because no price can you get a better looking piece than Charlie's natural hairline system the most
critical area of any hair system is that hairline and Charlie's new skin like hair system looks so
great it's 100% undetectable so you got a lot of choices out there and pop those pills like
rush and nothing's gonna happen they might even get a good sick or even like going to one of the
muskrats to put on your head or get some of that straw like Sam Donaldson has or the best idea is
get Charles out here is natural hairline system you got nothing loose but your ugly vault spot
because Charlie gives you this fantastic 30 day guarantee about 30 man where the system for a month
and after a month you know love the way looks and feels if you're not getting molested by school
teacher Charlie return and just return it for a full refund to Charles out here so if you'd like
to look better and younger than you ever thought you could again just given that tool free card
you got nothing loose like I said but that ugly oozing vault spot call 1-800-321-2413 that's 1-800-321-2413
or get more info about Charlie on his website Charles off eerie.com
five years ago I'm in 60s crying is all yours
rhoms go
do we have to forgive a pigness
Yeah
Telling around
So you
We might not give you a big sip.
But give you a big sip.
But give you a big sip.
Welcome, hell, it's Dan, they're children.
From 18 at 5.60 WDQAM, here's a Norvocance response to my email.
Thank you for answering.
Whenever you typically make a comment like that on the air, it's not me who sees dollar signs.
But Greg Reed, who inevitably calls me out of the blue and asks me to have lunch at his Japanese restaurant,
offering you more years with less incentives and promises that he won't keep.
Well put, Norma.
By the way, the gateway theater was sold out.
12 consecutive showings of Furnite Island 11 from Friday evening to Monday.
So it's Norma.
Thank you, Norma.
Be well.
As I go, happy for the due life.
I mean, why would anybody?
She doesn't understand about people that want to work forever.
And you'll be pleased with the owner.
I'm going to Greg actually poke his head into it this morning and told Josh,
tell me, congratulations on a great trend in the run out.
Does that the way it went down?
Yeah.
And then there was you didn't have like any verbal intercourse, you didn't have like high-fiving.
Now he gave me a thumbs up.
Really? Up where?
Back home.
Yeah.
And that was it.
That was 80 seconds.
Congratulations.
You're doing a good job.
You know something, see, that's perfect.
That's exactly the amount of interplay that I need with Greg Reed Benjamin Reed.
That's exactly what I didn't know.
Greg Reed Benjamin, Budell, whatever, Disguise Middle-Ainus.
That's it.
That's all we need.
But I'm like, once a year, hey, nice job.
Keep it up.
That's it.
Get out of my face, Greg.
Go away.
Go get a haircut.
Couldn't have done it without you, Greg.
Couldn't have done it without you.
Tomorrow will be the maybe one of the most fantastic polls.
And I appreciate it again.
I just can't get over how thrilled I am.
See, that for me is one of the biggest pains in the ass of doing a show.
In fact, it's the only pain in the ass of doing a show is to have him do a,
come up with a different pool idea every day.
I'm thinking maybe what Eric ought to do since he's got so little to do these days.
Another Josh is doing all of the hard work, including behind the B.E. curtain ladies.
He could like maybe email me or fax me a bunch of the old polls from back in the beginning,
like five years ago when we started doing polls, four or five years, whatever it was.
Anything else you have good idea?
Yeah.
Because by now, most of the audiences you've forgotten that we did those polls,
or maybe they croaked or maybe they moved away or their Alzheimer's kicked in,
and probably I forgot them too.
Because it ain't easy.
Do you want to understand?
Oh yeah.
I mean, trying to pick up, pick up something every day that we haven't done.
I mean, you know, anybody can go online and see the usual trite polls
and we do the, you know, the curing against boys' pool once in a while,
which is fine, but I mean, you don't want to overdo that.
You see some of the most stupid polls that they take on CNN and the newspapers,
and it's just a kitty crack, you know, it's kaka.
Who that wants kaka?
So anyway, the biggest screw-up grid we'd ever made a QM, there's so many.
If we have Joe Rose participate in it.
What's your take on the Tampa School teacher who had sex with that 14-year-old student?
That's our poll question.
If you find that expression, 120, can I say that?
No.
126 votes.
On jealous, 43.
Especially if they saw the picture, right?
Oh yeah.
She looks just fine.
The cousins would be shot for squailing 41.
She's a crazy bitch, but very hot.
Look how many votes that's got.
But third, man.
Fry her ass seven and a no big deal five out of 126.
No big deal.
But like I said yesterday, if it would have been a male teacher,
and she would have been with a 50-year-old male student or 14, whatever it was,
then you'd have seen lots of gunshots, all right?
Right?
This would have been a lot more serious.
This would have been heavy, heavy duty, and Joe Rose wouldn't be sitting there saying,
well, whatever he was saying, I heard it, that job crap.
See this whole job, I'm a democracy man, and I love Joe.
I'm so ecstatic.
He's the only leading I've had in years.
With all the respect, who isn't going to lose the license?
I emphasize that part, okay?
The only leading we've ever had.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
On this station, who isn't going to lose the license or lose the whole audience?
He's not just not going to lose it.
Nice job at a book again, Joe.
You're kicking ass.
But all the jobs, they seem to have this mentality where they're, you know,
it's so predictable, the mad dog, the little dog, the big dog.
It's like the thing with the masters.
Remember that big deal?
Yep.
The woman who wanted to crash the party at the masters in Augusta.
And everybody on this station from Mo to the Humper to Geldy Union.
Ah, these are just a bunch of dice that I want to crash the party.
I'm guarantee if a little bit tiger woods, if we wouldn't have had Lee Elder,
wasn't either first black guy that led in there?
I think so, yeah.
That's him.
About his senior year's CRK even stand off, but I know a little bit about it.
I couldn't even tell you about Roberto Dvesenzo.
Huh?
When I was a little kid, there used to be a show on TV called Championship Golf.
And of course, back in the day, we didn't have 80's in table channels and all those choices.
It was on a weekend.
And I used to watch it.
I don't know why.
And of course, it was all edited down and was filmed, wasn't life.
It shouldn't have these long pauses, and they were all just walking along the fairway
and all the whispering.
And it was, it sucked, but I watched it, because it was there.
Let's see, this says, the kids' cousins should not be.
Shardis should have Luca Brotzi pay him a little visit.
Luca sleeps with the fishes, by the way, in case you have a notice.
It's a Sicilian message.
Too much time on my hands was done by sticks.
Now, you tell me I apologize for forgetting, because I played that on Zeta.
Obviously, we were by the way, cast an oba.
Somebody I know had a lot bigger numbers on Zeta than you ever had on there.
And even Rick and Tick or whatever their name is on there now, Lincoln Stick or whatever their name is.
They were doing it.
Bigger numbers on Zeta than Pauli and Young Ronette is really embarrassing, okay?
There were deficiencies that were being spotlighted, like somebody's shouting at Humongous Flaslight.
Right on there, deficiencies right now.
I just sticks before your time, Zach.
It's right about my time.
Yeah, a little bit, maybe a little before.
What kind of guy like you doesn't like sticks?
Everybody likes sticks.
I love sticks.
They're a great band.
Yeah.
He likes sticks and liquorice.
Only red liquorice.
I don't like black liquorice.
I hate man.
I mean, I outgrew that as a child, you know?
Lickrice, it's one of those things you eat as a kid and then you say, oh man.
I'm still a kid.
Because being a federal diabetic like I am, I'm going to say it again.
If I'm going to cheat, need something bad for me, which I do all the time.
Of course, but I'm not going to need something like that.
Don't you understand?
Being in the shape that you're in, the condition that you're in.
So, it's pretty dangerous.
If you're going to eat some crap, eat some good crap.
Like, what are you eating right now?
What are you eating that they brought in?
Are you eating burgers with a bun?
No, no, they brought in, I had some ribs and some chicken wings.
Well, that's good.
That's okay, I like that.
Yeah.
I'm on the Athens side today.
For an hour or two?
Yeah, then I'll...
Like me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Wireless line.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, I want to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, how are you doing?
Good, good.
Good.
I wanted to ask you, can you put a picture of that product on your website?
Uh, I'm trying to think where I saw it, but I'm sure Eric can work on it.
We can find one of the stories that's got her picture on her.
You haven't seen her yet?
No, I was on the internet but I couldn't find her.
Pretty damn hot, man.
I'll tell you right now.
Can we find her?
Can we ask, can we add something out to the pole?
Sure, go ahead.
You'd love to do it no matter what.
Okay.
Why we just put at another category, I'll do her at any age.
I would do her at any age, how's that?
Me and my doer.
I have works for them, have it only.
We'll find a picture here somewhere I saw, several pictures, but have my Alzheimer's
kicked in again. I can't recall exactly where. Also, I looked at a creator syndicate.
We've got Laceda Molly Ibanez, both her columns, forward start telegram and the creator syndicate.
I don't see any new column there about religion or nothing like that. Her last column that I see
was the one about fuel and oil and what all these things.
So, if somebody out there has got it, fax it along or maybe the guy just a dreamy
reddit or maybe it was by Marine Dowd or got only knows.
26 past noon and look at this, what a segue into the Atkins diet.
Do you like to Westoka?
A lot of people on those low carb diets now and they're working for a lot of people too.
Atkins, South Beach, Sugar Busters, any low carb sugar we die will only be better
when you go to the Laceda Westoka. They've helped thousands of low carb
dieters just like you achieve their weight loss goals.
Because today's shopping for the right low carb products has become more and more difficult
because every bit in their brother claims just about everything is low carb now.
Forget about it. Most of the so-called low carb products on grocery store shelves
will not help you lose weight. Some will even make you a gain weight.
So don't sabotage your weight loss goals, come into the Laceda Westoka and they'll help you
stay on the right track with hundreds of delicious low carb products.
Have some things with some great taste and you can try anything in the store before you buy it too.
The staff at the Laceda knows low carb dieting like nobody else because they've been selling this stuff for years
and they're open daily till 10 o'clock at night. Don't forget their guaranteed lowest prices
by the Samo Acton's products too, also on Carboli and pure D-Light products as well.
The Laceda Westoka will not be under sold your bottom on the northeast corner of Glades in the 441
right next to Boston Market or column full free at 1-877-Low-Carb-L-O-W-C-A-R-B
or on our web at slowcarb.com. The Laceda Westoka would be your official Acton's retail center.
We're supporting O5C's Laceda Westoka.
We're supporting O5C's Laceda Westoka.
We're supporting O5C's Laceda Westoka.
We're supporting O5C's Laceda Westoka.
We're supporting O5C's Laceda Westoka.
We're supporting O5C's Laceda Westoka.
We're supporting O5C's Laceda Westoka.
We're supporting O5C's Laceda Westoka.
I'm coming here yesterday. It was about 10 after 4. I'm sending my bedtime stories to Eric.
I'm opening up the thought and there's the hump around there. He's talking about the fact that he's the chairman this year of the American Cancer Society fundraising drive.
He's promoting, that's why he left early yesterday and he was on until only 5.30
because he had some kind of a benefit thing he was doing for charity.
Nobody tells me any of these things.
I also was thanking people for donating and thanking the people in this station who've donated.
Did anybody ever ask me?
I made a comment last week and I stayed by the comment. I don't like the American Cancer Society.
Years ago when I was doing topics I did shows on them and I think that they wasted enormous amount of money, much of which goes to bureaucratic waste and crack.
But nevertheless, since Hank is donated to every cause I've ever been involved and always come up with a nice big fat check, I would have been delighted to write a check.
You know what I'm saying?
The fact that you overreach with all the info on it.
What does that mean?
Just like the whole thing that he's doing.
Well how long is it going to go on cause I'll be more than happy to me on a check.
It begins on June 22nd.
Right.
This year at Jalen Bell was held on June 22nd to the 25th.
Yeah.
That's it.
I'll factor over this whole sheet. That's everything that Hank's doing for it.
Okay. Well, I'll look at that.
But if you see him or I'd like to find out cause I'd be more than happy to write a check.
Even though I don't like the charity.
That's something he believes in.
And I didn't even know that he was the whatever, the chairman.
I'll let Dave Haguey.
He spoke to me.
Yeah. That's where the checks go to Dave.
Because it's just, it's humiliating and degrading to me.
But again nobody tells anybody anything.
You know, Moth comes in here in the morning.
But I'm being credible.
Worried about whether he's, you know, his job is safe and whether I'm going to be around and I'm healthy.
Because that's basically what that all that bull crap is all about.
Josh knows he hears it every day.
Even though he's not supposed to hear it.
Or else Josh keeps George, a duck keeps Josh and the George out of the room so we can whisper to me things that everybody else knows.
Everybody else knows about like Joe Rose not being on last week.
And then I find out that Geldy was talking about it all morning before this show on the air.
But don't tell.
And there was a very Jackass's column that he before, you know, but all that crap.
Just very sad.
But no other than that important stuff that will make us like a little more cohesive, like a real radio station.
And I had nobody tells me anything like that.
Greg, that's part of the way Greg Reed runs a joint.
Molly Ivens working for change will all be down. Where did this come from?
A faculty from Creator Syndicate.
I don't know if somebody must have found it somewhere because I looked at and created Syndicate on her website there today.
Didn't find it.
But this is great. Thank you so much.
And knowing how much I love Molly Ivens, I'm going to read it cool.
How do you like that?
If all three pages are coming? Are they all coming?
Yeah, it should be.
Pretty long though. I'll read it anyway because if it's not in religion, all I can say is,
Oh, right. Thank God.
Oh, God.
By the time we had somebody with some balls, Molly Ivens, she's got a big pair.
She says, walking or just talking, family values, crowd, drags God into the mud of partisan politics.
She says, when a country religion, I've always believed it's more important to walk, to walk, and talk, to talk.
I come from a tradition of Piscopal that considers it rather in bad taste of where you're religion on your sleeve,
presumably from Matthew chapter 6, verses 5 and 6.
And when thou praised, thou shall not be as the hypocrites are, for they love to praise standing in synagogues and in the corners of the streets,
that they may be seen of men.
Verily I say unto you, they have their reward.
But thou, when thou praised, and read that I claset, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray that thy father, which is in secret,
and thy father, which seeeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.
Of course, I also had some vantus can put in so-and-so, and thought of making joyful noise under the Lord.
Texans even like to sing hymns around campfires while drinking beer, I'm not sure if that counts.
A long role learned to shy away from the stink of sanctimony,
were all familiar with the pious, pious, pious, tistic hypocrites and spiritual humbugs wearing dog collars.
I doubt the clergy is more afflicted with can'ting Pharisees than the legal profession is, with sleazy chislers, but neither type is exactly rare.
When you throw politics into the religious mix or vice-force, it gets some real buttes in the hypocrisy department.
Just to take a re-can example, Jack Ryan of Illinois, the one who headed droppest campaign for the Senate after his divorce papers revealed,
he had forced his wife to go to sex clubs with him, was one of the family values crowd who opposes gay marriage,
because it's such a threat to the institution.
Please, and although Bill Clinton was too polite to mention in his book, quite a remarkable number of Republican leaders who were hell-bent on impeaching him for his folly, were themselves adulterers.
Back in the 1950s, when the late representative Bob Eckhart was still in the Texas legislature,
a builder cut off all stated to illegitimate children was under debate.
After listening to some of his Christian colleagues displaying why illegitimate children should be left to starve, Eckhart Rosen said,
I'm not so much concerned about the natural bastards' design about the self-made ones.
I consider that one of the most Christian things have ever heard said during legislative debate.
I sometimes think we've gotten ourselves into a pointless argument in this country as we rather often do by exaggerating the extremes,
we're not faced with a choice between imposing some Christian views, a version of Sharia law on the one hand,
or driving religion out of the public square altogether on the other.
200 years of not terribly rigid separation of church and state has given us one precious gift.
As a quote attributed to James Madison,
never been able to find the correct citation of it, the purpose of separation of church and state is to keep forever from me,
sure as the ceaseless strife that has soaked the soil of Europe with blood for centuries.
Religious strife is still soaking the soil with blood as nitten, post-Avoan elsewhere.
To the extent that politics should be based on moral and ethical considerations, of course it is religious foundations,
but dragging God into partisan politics is in my view a sin.
Is it Christian to cut money for head start? Is it Christian to cut poor children off health care?
Is it Christian to cut old people off Medicare? Is it Christian to write Nemo's Justifying Torture?
Is it Christian to cut after school and Christian AIDS programs? Some multi-millionaires can have bigger tax cuts?
Historically, the Bible has been used to justify some stupifying crimes including slavery and genocide.
I see no indication that we're at any better defining Lord's intent now than we ever were.
As regular readers know, I call upon the Lord rather frequently myself,
often for patients in dealing with those who presume to speak His name.
To whatever extent each of us is affected by religion, I suppose we inevitably bring that into word of the public sphere,
but I seriously question the wisdom of doing so in any organized or deliberate fashion.
Drag God into politics and you'll ruin His reputation in no time.
Again, this may be a bad matter of faith, but I've seen too many psalms singing Bible-coding holy Jo hypocrites in politics
to think these frauds improve the moral tone of our public life.
Getting snuckered by some canteen humbug is even more depressing than getting snuckered by a plain old crook.
Beware those who make a sure parade of their priority. Keep watching for the ones who walk to walk.
Pretty good call by Molly Evans. Thanks over something and thank you very, very much.
560-560.560 on the 18 and teen Verizon line.
Tool number two today. What's your take on the Tampa School Teacher? 23 years old and a lesson old of the baby.
I mean, what's so old about 23 now? Let me ask you seriously. Honestly, if you're getting about all the jokes and yucking it up,
23 and 14 is that bad? Yeah, it is. You're right. It's not good. Not good. Josh? You had spat.
19 and 14? Getting better. 17 and 14.
And we're all in that. Both the same. Still very much in the law. Yeah, one's a senior and one's a freshman in high school. 17 and 14.
I'm jealous. 71 people said they're jealous. The cousins should be shot for squirting 56.
She's a crazy bitch, but very hot 52. I hope we can find those pictures.
Friar ass 11. I'll do it any age 11 and no big deal said nine. I'm sorry. No big deal said. Sorry, Robert. Can't do it like he does.
1230. One moment for you. See, if I was ahead of myself, I was sharp. If I would have slept up at the regular time, 1230.
Yeah, I would have just left it there. I had it handy, but I'm just off my feet. Sorry. I apologize.
I'll say one thing. No apologies from dry concepts because they don't play any games with it. They just roll up their sleeves and go about doing a fantastic job of making even the nastiest smelliest, rottenest looking carpeting looked just like brand new.
In fact, I probably semi out there ready to give up on your carpets and figure it's time to spread a lot of money for brand new. Forget about that.
Dry concepts like I said will do a miracle right there on your floor. They dry clean your carpets like dry clean your clothing. They suck out even the deep down dirt way in there in the fibers of your carpet.
The where those guys who have the 595-per-room scans who have to the job is then say, oh, I got bad news for it. It's a lot more than we thought. It's going to be extra Y and Z.
And dry concepts, they give you a written guarantee price up front before they start the job. And dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique so your carpets are drying an hour and a half, two hours at the most.
You really can't clean today and retain that when they finish your carpets look brand new smell a mini fresh too.
With over 20 years of continuous service in town, dry concepts is the only name you ought to be thinking about when it comes to carpet and home sanitizing.
And if you mentioned that you want to be put on their stand by list, they can save you next to 15% out there during the already low price.
You'll like I've been doing for over 20 years, call the carpet cleaning experts and dry concepts they will never let you down.
Call them toll free from date, Broward and the Palm Beach is called 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or online at strontzips.com.
I'm going to change the face of sports radio because now I'm the voice of the dancers and an elephant of moderate radio. Oh boy!
I get what to do here like this. Talk to the same three boys about sports and sports and sports. I even got what's hilarious comedy bits.
Talk to the children on the top of the head.
Hey, God, no.
God, God, God, God, God.
I'm the star now with my own two cell and I was a spot. You're a watch-step. Now you're a debum. You can hit me no bow.
I can't hit you. I can't hit you. I can't hit you.
I can't hit you. I can't hit you. I can't hit you. I can't hit you. I can't hit you. I can't hit you.
Now I'm stuck with a guava lover and you're my best sidekick in the foil. I miss how you talk like dust boil.
I miss you.
I can't help but back to my team. Oh boy.
I ain't wasted. I'm a showtime student. That's a sin when you have a good time. Why you're wasting time? I'm trying to find you.
I don't know who they are. Call me a moment. I don't tell you who they are. I don't know who they are. Call me a moment. I don't tell you who they are.
From 47 at 560 W.C. I'm so it's peanut butter and jelly stiller. I was a mole back this morning from his illness. I guess he was.
He was? Didn't hear it. Didn't hear a minute of it. Maybe that's why I'm off my feet. Didn't get my daily dose of mole.
Do, do, do, do, do. I don't tell you. Hey, that paper, the schoolteacher's up.
Is this already up? All right. Good as we didn't have to steal it from the schmitmice because somebody faxing said he's got pictures.
I just wanted to touch mint a website. That is the worst piece of crap website. Man is that thing boring. Plus I couldn't find no pictures.
Okay. Let me take a few. Can see if she don't know. Did you look at it? I did.
What a stupid question. And very nice.
Would you do her? I would. Me too.
Well, the picture on her right there of Deborah LaFave. She's a little, uh, with no makeup and she's looking like she just got beat up on a head by somebody by some dolphin player.
Some 14 year old schoolboy or by some 15 year old kid whose brother has been a doerner.
Uh, Deborah, the picture of LaFave, she looks okay. Now let's say, oh, there's just a two of them, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. She's fine. I mean, neither one of those is the right. I've seen much better pictures over than that.
But, but the one on the right looks like a mug shot. Maybe it is. I'd be.
What the one on the left, she looks just fine. Maybe one of these days will fight a naked picture of Deborah and put her behind to be curtain.
But this one you don't even have to be able to eat her 100 because it's only a head shot if I can say that.
Can I say it? No. It's only a shot.
What I mean to do more is because when you go like it's only a shot, there could have been something else in there, but even worse.
Oh, yeah. Anyway, Stuttering Gale in Homestead generally, a Gale, you're just a wonderful guy, but your faxes are just out of control.
He says, talking about the teacher through story. When I was in middle school, I'd be pulled from class one time a week for speech therapy.
This is Stuttering Gale. I had a hot Jamaican therapist who was sitting in front of me in the Indian style with a skirt on.
I was so young I didn't know how to act or what to do. Well, to make this story short, she terminated our sessions because she said I wasn't getting any better.
I tried to find her after high school, but she didn't work for the school system. I wanted to tell her that she made me real uncomfortable back then, but maybe we can continue my therapy lessons now.
Man, did I blow a chance of a lifetime, since the Stuttering Gale in Homestead.
How do you like that? Maybe that's where he started Stuttering because you were sitting in any style in front of him on the floor or however it was or on the table. Whatever she was doing.
With her legs kind of like spread, 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Last minute flight squared, a lot of people really pissed off and fired up about that.
Thanks for fixing me that story again, the Amali Evans column again. I guess you liked it so much that he fixed it to me again.
Yeah, just in case you didn't give the first time.
Case that I left any words out of it the first time. I wanted to make sure you know.
Oh, wait a minute. Here's another site. This is the photographer who took wedding pictures at the Tampa High School teachers wedding.
Holy moly. Isn't it amazing how stuff does spreads like wildfire on the wicked web?
Danny says I wish I had teachers like this when I was a teenager. Holy moly is what he said.
Oh, right. It's Brian Adams photo dot com.
I have to Brian Adams you're thinking of a course a.
What are the things Brian Adams photo dot com maybe you want to check that out while I'm traveling here.
Okay, maybe Eric would like to check that out. If we got some other pictures.
Okay, if we can have a whole gallery of pictures of Deborah Lafay.
I wonder if she's related to Sylvan Lafay. We used to play defense for the leaks last minute flights grounded.
The people are very angry about this already angry by impending rule changes limiting travel to Cuba.
Scores of people fell doubly mistreated yesterday when they were turned away from their schedule flights.
At Miami International Airport where the graph goes on.
With strict regulations on travel to Cuba taking effect today many have been looking to beat the deadline by flying there with a earlier.
But it turned out that the trailer lines that sold them their tickets and up and authorized to do so by the state department.
And then neither were the flights authorized to take off.
It sounds like some of our trips to Ovegas with Bob. Whatever his name was.
The hopeful travelers paid up and packed were reduced instead the lining up at MIA and Channing.
We want to fly the AP reported. We want to fly. Let us in. We want to fly.
If I probably they would have flown the plane themselves if it got aboard.
Out of it fun.
State Department spokesman Tom Casey said it granted Americans currently visiting Cuban Extension.
So there's a lie of 31st for return since the original June 30th deadline.
But they're the man who made it difficult for everyone to get back in time.
See this is so sad and so silly and so pathetic.
Critics say the new policy will only hurt people in need.
Jorge Luis Rodriguez. George Rodriguez was among the passengers stranded at the airport.
How do you like that? Jorge Luis Rodriguez is not ours George though.
He says the whole world can travel to their countries whenever they want.
But we can't. He told the AP's adding that he was trying to visit his sick mother 81 who lives outside of Anna.
See we know it's not our George because he certainly wouldn't be going to Cuba to visit his mother if she were there.
Even being in Miami he ain't going to go visit her.
For supporters of the new rules, the concerns of businesses and some members of the ex-community are outweighed by the well-being of the majority.
What we're talking about is freedom for 12 million Cubans not for an elite who can afford to travel there.
Sid and Noscow put his castellone of the Cuban Liberty Council and ex-all group in Miami.
See as soon as it says ex-all group in Miami and what we're talking about.
Pulse.
11 of the 16th by schedule leave MIA for Cuba and Tuesday did so without passengers.
They had State Department approval not only to break people back to the U.S.
Air Force spokesperson, so woman in some Kimtoe the AP.
Whatever the hell that means.
So anyway, if you're here in Pearson International Airport, hop aboard a plane anytime here at Canada.
Take your right to Cuba.
Ready to go?
Let's do it.
No.
The cost of Bush's war, this back between Evand and the Huebel and the Nation.
I'm going to start doing some reading here. I've been, you know, I don't want to let you guys down while you're eating.
Have you finished all the food?
Almost.
Ribs?
Almost.
Chicken?
I thought you said it were burgers too.
No, no burgers.
We put it on the kitchen after we made our plates and I heard it's all gone.
After Josh had his plate and you had your four?
Yes.
And they chopped it up man like it was the greatest the last meal I've ever eaten.
One thing about that place, man, you set some food out in the hallway.
It's like a bunch of rats invaded. It'll disappear fast and you can say crispy cream.
I think it was all of our power 96 bodies that ate all the food.
All of our power 96 bodies means the one that don't speak to us because we're on AM and we're like low life.
Yes.
That crowd will screw them.
We like kid curry a lot. He's a great guy. He's a real broadcaster which is very unusual in this company.
Other than that, is there anybody else we like at power 96?
No.
Oh, no, come on, there must be.
What's the guy in the morning?
Albee's silk?
He's a good guy like Albee.
I never met him but the George always speaks highly of him and George hates everybody.
So George likes him. He must be okay.
Albee and what about what's his name there in the afternoon?
DJ Lars.
Yeah, DJ Lars.
What about him?
He's okay.
He never spoke with Ray Tray.
No, you're not.
No.
No.
Oh, really?
No.
Another good reason for me not to be there, right?
Yes.
Well, thank you so much.
Yes, yeah, I'm just delighted.
And by the way, Norma just isn't a dendon to that business about how I want to extend the contract.
Do I need to hear about Greg Reed?
The answer is no.
No, because everything is just so fine now.
Okay, yes, Greg lies a lot.
Any avoids people and he doesn't hold meetings.
Any makes promises that he breaks.
Any shakes your hand and looks you in the eye and then tells you a bunch of crap.
But nevertheless, in spite of him, everything is turned out just fine.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
Life is sweet.
Check show up on time.
I'm there whenever the hell I feel like it.
I'm here most of the time.
It's sunny and 73 degrees low humidity right now.
Outside, I'm checking my city pulse weather.
Just in case Paul Castro no longer is listening.
And once it update on the Toronto weather, it's just beauty is baby.
It's just...
Oh, we're fine.
Fine.
I don't have time to read this thing now.
See how back myself into a corner.
Okay, quick peek at the poll.
Don't forget we got Curtis Stephenson from Manidog.
I think Curtis does a good job on here, don't you?
Yeah, he's good.
I like that.
We got some good people back there hanging out.
They've hanging as good on the air.
Curtis Stephenson.
And then the thing that Muff asked me should he put on...
Joseph Jackie.
Or Curtis.
I mean, that's an old brainer, right?
Automatic.
Yes.
Anybody who has to think about that more than like two, three seconds is like a pantyweight.
Why am I in the cold?
We're supporting you, Fyce.
He's doing you a-m.
Okay, just got the round.
And when I'm up in Boca-Tiga, slapping all the women with painted lips around the poll,
I listen to the Neil Rogers one and two.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers parent balance one and two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Bob and gravy, there's ain't a place to be.
Friends, I'm in the name of the life for me.
Don't a crutch of you were sent worldwide.
You might end up doing one of those naked piles.
Oh, no, it just just came out today.
Hi, but the beautiful lady says,
Don't a crutch of you now came to give it all to you.
Now you said, but I couldn't do those things.
I would go, I would go, I would go, I would go, I would go, I would go, I would go, I would go, I would go.
On their heads, women's guns, they'd learn to sell their lives.
I would go, they don't go, they're-
One o'clock at 5'60, WNC-YM.
Don't be looking at that website, okay, but you can look at it.
Brian Adams, total.com, but we can't use any of the pictures because in big red letters on the top,
it says no permissions been granted to reproduce any of the media we had.
We had some like that.
Yeah, we saw the disclaimer.
So I never knew you actually see the wedding pictures.
We saw some picture that might have been-
We're convinced it could be her, but it might be anyone.
Right.
Any blonde that put on the-
Plus we can-
We can't use them anyway, so my suggestion is-
We got about it.
That's it.
Nice going, Paul.
Let's see.
Here's-
Oh, yeah, group demands audit of voting machines.
This is some good news.
Not that it might-
Do well and never know.
Don't be negative.
Governor Jeb Bush would increase voter confidence by calling Florida's legislature in the special session toward an independent audit-
state's voting system a group of South-Ford activists said yesterday-
Absolutely.
This is in the attempt to Tribune.
The organization which calls itself the Miami-Dade election reform coalition
wants audits of all touchscreen electronic voting machines used in 15 Florida counties during the August 31st primary.
By the way, speaking of voting, guess how they do it here in Canada?
How they do it?
Paper ballot.
Wow.
Mark the choice with an X or whatever they do to check whatever they-
No, no punches, no chads, no hanging chants.
Paper ballot.
Do they have any irregularities?
Oh.
Any problems?
Throughout our couple of polling places open a little bit late, but any problem?
No.
No.
How do you like that, eh?
And it works just fine.
The old fashioned way.
Yeah, the old fashioned way when actual paper ballots, they've got something to hang on to.
There's something tangible, a paper record.
As opposed to just a computerized screen that they can put in, they can program for anything they want.
This trash there, Mr. Computer Expert, he'll tell you.
Am I right?
That's right.
The other 52 counties use optical scan machines in which voters mark a box on a paper ballot which is then read by a machine.
He can need to be the leader in election reform where it can stick his head in the sand and do nothing.
In fact, he can stick his head in the-
Right, go with what he ought to do, your governor.
The group wants to be sure the machines record the touch screen vote, tabulate it accurately, and produce a paper report showing what happened.
What happened?
Secretary of State Glenda in the hood doesn't share the group's concern.
She says, and wait till you hear this, you all again.
You better give yourself some new depends.
Maybe Larry King's got some extras.
Our state has the most rigorous certification process in the country, and uses the most secure and accurate technology available hood studies today.
When organizations set out to be road voter confidence they do it this service to the constituents of Florida who should feel nothing but confident that they're both so me counted.
Oh my god, what kind of Glenda show on?
Glenda in the hood.
I can just see it right now.
Get that old mole right off the air.
Glenda in the hood.
He's a panic.
I gotta read that last sentence again.
The voters of Florida should feel nothing but confident that their votes will be counted.
That is a panic.
Aren't you confident?
Oh, very now.
I have no doubts.
56070560.560 on the AT&T Inforizon wireless line Deborah LaFave, your stars, sweetheart.
What's your take on the Tampa School teacher who had sex with a 14 year old student?
315 votes not to be shabby.
See, they didn't like that first poll.
I was lame.
You can feel it.
You can smell it.
I'm jealous.
112 guys said they're jealous.
She's a crazy bitch but very hot.
73.
The cousins should be shot for squealing.
69.
I didn't make that up either.
I'll do it at any age.
33.
That's moving up fast.
I'll fry her ass.
16.
And no big deal.
Say it doesn't.
So then she liked people who are really whipped up into a frenzy.
And one like you didn't even just throw her into a slimer for years and years and years.
Like she did a terrible thing.
Right?
Of course.
She was horny.
Okay, she's having problems at home.
And even though she's having problems at home, she's up in Orlando with a kid taking that ballgame or whatever it was.
And she stops to buy her husband a gift.
An iPod.
An iPod, though less.
That was thoughtful, right?
Very nice of her.
Right.
So she's maybe messing with the kids iPod.
But now she's buy her husband an iPod just to kind of like even things out.
See if we can really say iPod.
Now you like that?
Or we're fry.
So far.
WDQAM, hello.
And I have time, no less.
QAM.
It's not full, right?
Very nice of her.
Hola.
So she's maybe not there.
Going once.
Not there.
We don't have time to do it around.
Okay.
Hi, Paige.
Show them.
We don't have time to wait and for you to get your brains on the scramble.
Okay.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
WDQAM, hello.
Okay.
QAM, hola.
Oh.
No.
That's your introduction to Crazy Ron.
Nice.
Who didn't even say, hey.
Hey.
Didn't even say that.
First time in a week.
So I guess that I run out for the holidays.
That must be it.
WDQAM, hello.
Damn.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to start for you.
Okay.
And we tell you Mr. Ash Crop was in Miami yesterday eating in a little Cuban restaurant on A Street.
No.
No.
And that the other good stuff was their garden of roads.
And nobody could donate those at them.
All right.
We didn't have Connie there to make them some canolies.
Yeah.
I also got an idea for future poll.
Yes, sir.
We could decide on what heaven we can go to.
We can go to the Catholic heaven with harps and wings or the Muslim heaven with 72 virgins.
Okay.
You know what they're going to pick?
No, no, no, no.
No.
That's correct.
All right, Neil.
Thanks a lot, Sally.
In fact, the Catholic priest, they want to go to that moment at 72 elder boys.
Just waiting.
The cost of Bush's war rights Katrina Van Inhueli editor of the nation.
She says the Bush administration and a stealthy move designed to minimize anticipated insurgent attacks.
Two days early handed sovereignty to a rights interim government.
Two days before been scheduled to do so on June 30th.
About 30, man.
The premature handoff for one month he called a sovereignty scam.
Means that the Bush team's PR offensive is certainly kicking the high gear in the coming weeks.
When Bush learned that Paul Bremmer had formally relinquished his authority to the Iraqi government.
He added an orally in touch to a handwritten note that his national security adviser,
Condi Reissages, and his notes said, let's freedom reign.
Now more than at any time since Bush invaded a rack journalist,
he'd give Americans a clear assessment of the amount it cost to this war.
This is a great opportunity for the media to redeem itself for malpractice in the run-up to war.
When his Washington Post, Ambedsvin Michael Getler wrote this month on the tougher due to his own paper.
And the larger media world, the press is a whole that not to a very good job in challenging administration claims.
Too many public events in which alternative views were expressed with their mist,
underrated, re-underreported or poorly displayed.
The cost are now detailed in a devastating report just released by the Institute for Policy Studies and Foreign Policy and Focus.
It is an extraordinary conflation of the mounting human economic and environmental security and other cost of this war of choice.
In human terms, 700 U.S. servicemen have died since Bush declared the Intermaid Your Combat,
and his infamous mission accomplished speech in May 2003,
on more than 5,000 soldiers have been wounded since the war began.
Many of them as Michael Moore documents in his provocative new movie have lost arms and legs.
The cost of the Iraqi people has also been tragic. Up to 11,000,
7,000 Iraqis civilians have died the conflict so far,
many of them children who's only crowned with to be caught living in the middle of a war zone.
In financial terms, the cost of the American taxpayer are massive.
The U.S. has already spent $126 billion on the war costing every American family approximately $3,400 each.
As the campaign for America's future recently pointed out, this administration has sotted to hardworking families on two fronts.
Bush passed his massive tax cuts that gave a huge tax rate to the wealthiest individuals and corporations,
and then when he went to war he asked the same working and middle class families who bore the brunt of the tax cuts to pay for the conflict.
Meanwhile, companies like Haliburna are making a mint in Iraq after receiving no bid contracts from the federal government.
A new report by Christian Aiden on-profit group that seeks solutions to poverty makes clear who's been the real beneficiaries of the invasion of the occupation.
It shows that the majority of Iraq's reconstruction projects have been awarded to U.S. companies with charge up to 10 times more than Iraqi firms.
By the end of 2004, a quarterly report, Bush will have spent approximately $151 billion to wage his crusade in Iraq.
That money could have paid for 23 million housing vouchers for poor and working class Americans and given America's elementary school kids 3 million new teachers.
It could have provided health care for 27 million uninsured Americans and allowed 20 million more children to enter the Head Start program.
For Iran's alone, they'll have to show almost $8 billion to pay for W's war in Iraq.
Meanwhile, the Bush team is providing Florida only half that amount for initiatives in such vital areas as education, environmental protection and community block grants,
and a state where 19% of the children currently live below the poverty line.
If there's any good news, it said Americans are at long last recognizing that this president is unworthy and dishonest, untrustworthy.
Today, the latest New York Times CBS poll was released showing that Bush's job of provading has fallen to the lowest point of his presidency,
while the most recent Washington Post ABC News poll showed that by margin of 52 to 39% carry a scene as more honest and trustworthy.
And just last week, a CNN USAIDA Gallup called for a majority of Americans for the first time believe that invading a requisite mistake.
More and more Americans are understanding that the country is paying a very high price for this war in occupation and this war preceded Hoodwink, both Congress and the people into.
As far as God could say, as always, she's okay in my book.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA and hello.
Yes, sir.
You know, I've been thinking of Reverend Jones to me.
How it is is noted.
This war on a raqtist, this administration's policy, does it seem like it's very similar to the war on drugs?
I mean, you know, like with Ashbrough's attitudes toward hatred act and...
Now, I'm thinking of the way it's mostly based on very similar to the war on drugs. It's all based on a pack of lies.
That's what it's all about.
Pack of lies, they lie like crazy.
Let's bring back Reef Remedeness, what do you say, huh?
Reefer?
Yeah, Reef Remedeness.
No, not Reefer, just Reef Remedeness.
Oh, I filled my tank up.
I was hiding, though, I'd be helping finance 9-11 by giving money to Unicolor, Abacall and the Carlyle.
I'd send my lights on last night.
I was having a day in James Baker's great things.
I made two good today.
How much I'd know I was providing bathwater to the Middle East?
Well, that makes no man I can't.
Every time you light up marijuana cigarettes, you're helping finance run over wars and breaking the law based on the old movie Reefer Madness.
Better to go on up, is the schedule of a woman guy.
I just spent so many more joints.
Now I'm way better than you know.
For now I'm just a piece of shit.
This was a great four-by-be-cute.
You should keep them under the good news.
And I say to a great job.
From about 7-1-5-60WDQM, are you sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser pop-up windows?
Being watched by a spy, we're getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and co-workers.
The easiest way to deal with these buses gets you a Macintosh from Mac Center, the Apple Specialist in Fort Lauderdale.
The Macintosh is built on an entirely different basis than Windows, so all those PC tests just can't hurt the Mac.
The technology experts at Mac Center can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs of a low-atreling ones you already used to like Microsoft Word and Excel.
They'll even take your old computer as a trade-in.
So make the change today by calling the Mac Center at 9.5-4-486-5500.
You will get a better deal on your Mac or iPod anyplace else in South Florida, because Mac Center is the only 5% rebate in every purchase.
You see Deborah would have saved some cash if she had gotten the Mac Center on the iPad?
Command you for June 30th, life's today, so I guess if you hop in there today, you can still register to win the hard-of-find iPod mini.
That's the Mac Center on Commercial Boulevard, column at 9.5-4-486-5500.
And don't forget to mention a real sense of rectus savings to Atom Mac Center.
I know this is a real high-speed PC.
I know this is a real high-speed PC.
The ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's for some reason.
Sure, good luck with it, yes.
What the fuck?
When you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
When you won't wait for no more.
I gotta think about it, I'm not getting raped.
And I don't need a rating that my mind is hate.
Don't care what you do, I'm gonna understand.
Because I wake up a little hot, I have to guess you're not.
And those shit cuts the gold.
There's a lot of repproducers in the old.
That's right, watch your back, that's that.
When you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
When you won't wait for no more.
Oh, brother, oh, that's blah, blah, I don't understand.
You can meet from a truck while you can both hear them.
That's it, that's what you made a rating for.
You just might click it in four years for it.
And it's great to get fat ass out.
Welcome.
When you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
That's it, that's it, that's it.
When you won't wait for no more.
That's it, what are you saying?
When you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
That's it, that's it.
When you won't wait for no more, no more.
Who's who I hear?
Yeah, that's it, that's it.
I know what we're trying to hear right away.
Stop!
All 17 at 560, that's an honor of our good friends, Zach.
We haven't played it in a long time.
No, we haven't.
In fact, since Wilka Bryan did that, guess what?
You're out.
I'm done.
Must have had a premonition.
Must have been in the middle of his room, or swirling around the bullpen.
It's like all one's Zach out.
Of course, we know that's not true.
We know it was a mutual understanding.
We don't want to revisit any of that, because that one liked you, you know.
Fall back out of most good graces.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
So many factors a little bit on the heavy duty side.
It's not to vote.
The count, who counts the votes said Joseph Stalin.
Should have standing guy like that.
He knew his crap.
How's that pull coming near?
A lot of votes.
They're whipped up.
I told you this was a story.
Hop on it.
You know what I mean?
When you see it's hot, hop on it.
And the story too.
379 votes.
What's your take on the Tampa School teacher at sex with her 14-year-old student?
While the 15-year-old brother drove and watched.
He was driving it.
Cousin, cousin.
What I say?
Brother.
Kissing cousin.
Amjall is 130.
She's a crazy bitch, but very hot.
85.
The cousins should be shot for a squealing 80.
I'll do it any age 48.
That's moving up fast.
Fry her ass 22 and no big deal 14.
I've nearly farted votes already.
This article for those who push your apologies.
There was nothing we have too many of them left.
They're all over with rush right now.
They're popping together.
They're popping something.
I'll see you together.
But this might just made them somewhat.
And notice the media that's like a big celebration already.
It's the hand over the Iraqi people are free.
It's self-determinated Al-Assadah Kram.
And then yesterday the reporters were reporting directly from Iraq,
or say, well nothing has really changed.
It's still the same nightmare.
Despite the positive responses Monday from UN Secretary General Kofi
and the members of the Security Council who praised the U.S.
transfer of sovereignty to an interim government in Iraq.
Middle East experts and political analysts dismiss the regime change in Baghdad
as a monumental fraud.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
The truth is that Iraqi sovereignty is a chance as Raoul Mahjah
and publisher of the Viag empire notes.org.
What I say, Viag blog, empire notes.org,
and author a full spectrum U.S. power in Iraq and beyond.
I told him a little off my feet.
I'll never do that again.
I will never sleep that extra hour, man. I'm groggy.
Seriously thinking we slept an extra hour would be good?
Not for you.
Bad.
Maybe I'll get up an hour earlier tomorrow to balance it out.
U.S. will keep at least 138,000 troops in Iraq augmented by the government.
We have about 20,000 other countries for the foreseeable future,
he said.
14 permanent or semi-printer military bases have been in our being constructed to house them.
Sad Mahjana returned recently from a trip to Iraq.
Those forces have, by an 11th hour edict of Paul Dremmer,
complete immunity from Iraqi law and Iraqi courtiated.
The role of the new interim government in Baghdad has been reduced to
Advising consultation.
This is and remains the direct military occupation he told IPS.
He said the level of control that the U.S. retains is just short of full
colonial administration.
The interim government headed by President Prime Minister Iliad Alawi
will be operating under severe restrictions imposed by the outgoing
coalition provisional authority.
Alawis government will hold office until countrywide elections are held in
January next year will not have the power or authority to change the interim
constitution or even amend the transitional administrator of law.
Any dictation by Bremmer also gives U.S.
almost in defense contractors complete immunity from Iraqi law.
Additionally, Bremmer created an appointed electoral commission that can ban
political parties a five year terms of new hand-picked national security
adviser and national intelligence chief and appointed inspectors general
with five year terms over every one of the 26 Iraqi government ministries.
Last month, UN Special Representative in Iraq,
Lakhgar Braheem, he described Bremmer as the dictator of Iraq.
Nothing happens about his agreement in this country he said.
At a low-key ceremony in Baghdad on Monday, Bremmer transferred sovereignty
to the interim government. The handover political power to Iraqi
original schedule for today was advanced by two days primarily to take the
insurgents by surprise and undermine any attempts to escalate the level of violence
over the next three days. This is a historical day, Alawi,
told Bremmer. We feel we're capable of controlling the security situation.
Bremmer left for the U.S.
and military transport plane immediately after the ceremony in Baghdad.
In the statement of released Monday, Anand welcomed the state of Iraq back into
the family of independent sovereign nations and speaking on behalf of the
15 members of the Security Council and Ambassador Laurel Baha Jr.
of the Philippines, in relation to Joe Marth Jr., held an end to the occupation
of Iraq and praised the country's full sovereign independent interim government.
Delip Hero, a long-standing Middle East expert based in London, says the interim
government is no better than the U.S. appointed former Iraqi government
and counsel the IGC. In the final analysis, they are beholden all of them
to the U.S. and as was truly the IGC, two-thirds of the 36 member interim
government theory foreign passports, chiefly British and American.
Of the remaining 12 who have only Iraqi passports, half our women,
remarkably most of the former exiles of the IGC didn't even bother to bring their
families back to Iraq, said Hero's author of Iraq and the I of the Storm.
He also put it out there, a former IGC member, Abnon Pachachi,
returned to his base in Abu Dhabi with a day. Have these names great?
I love them. I mean, all these Islamicad, these Muslim names,
you read them and it doesn't really mean anything because they all sound the same to us.
It's the same person. Abnon Pachachi, returned to his base in Abu Dhabi
with the days of his failure to secure the post of President of Iraq and
Reli June. Now the former exiles on the interim government are following the same
IGC example and keeping their families abroad. This shows just how skin deep
their attachment to Iraq is and how little faith they have in its future as a
U.S. dominated so-called stable democratic state.
France's Boil, professor of international law at the University of Illinois,
says that U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell, in a letter to the Security
Councilor, Reli and June, said that the military forces that will make up the proposed
new multinational force in Iraq will remain committed at all times to act consistently
with their obligations under the law of armed conflict, including the Geneva Convention.
They're under, if the U.S. government wants to set up a puppet government, such as the
so-called interim government of Iraq, whose prime minister is a long-standing agent of the CIA,
it can. Nevertheless, as the belligerent occupant of Iraq, U.S.
government so-remained at all times accountable under a law of war for the activities of its
puppet government of Iraq said boil. The restrictions placed upon the
authority of a belligerent government cannot be avoided by a system of using a puppet government
central or local to carry out acts which should be unlawful and performed directly by the occupant.
Acts induce to compel by the occupant, and nonetheless, its acts. He also said that
the Security Council resolution adopted in early June endorsing the handover of power
to Iraq proves that the imperialist towers who dominate the council and are its
permanent members together with their aerial allies are now primarily interested in carving up a
rack among themselves and looting Iraq of its oil resources along the lines of
what Japan did in its puppet state of Manchukuo and people of World War II with China.
The peoples of the world are now witnessing the rapid decline of the United Nations itself along
with lines of what happened in the League of Nations in the 30s, can W.W.3 be far behind the
US. Oh, how to press it. Oh my god. I like that.
It doesn't sound so uplifting, does it? No, I cut it off.
You want another depressing and scary story? Sure. First to fast you this
thing, it says they should send Deborah Lafayette to a stark maximum security men's
prison and show it on pay-per-view. Oh no. How about sending her to
Abu Gharraib? There you go. Little piling on is in order for Deborah.
Attack Iran, US-ordered British, US-T-ordered British. This is really scary.
America's military commander in Iraq ordered British troops to prepare a full-scale
ground offensive against Iranian forces that across the border and grab the
disputed territory as either officers finally disclose and in fact what's almost certainly a
provoked open conflict with Iran. But the British chose instead of resolved the matter through
diplomatic channels. If we'd attack the Iranian positions, all a hell would have broken
loose and offensive against today. We would have had the Iranians to our front and the
Iraqi insurgents picking us off at the rear. The incident was just
closed by a senior British officer at a conference in London last week and is
reported in today's edition of defense amalization. The identity of the
office was risen given. The incident began last July when revolutionary
guards pushed about a kilometer into Iraq into the north and east of
Basra in an apparent attempt to reoccupy a territory which they claimed
belonged to Iran. Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez
denoted the British to prepare to send in several thousand troops to attack the revolutionary guard positions.
The revolutionary guard corps has 125,000 soldiers
making a 25 percent larger than the entire British army and is equipped with
500 tanks, 600 armored personnel curious and 366 artillery weapons.
The incident is reminiscent of the exchange during the coastal
conflict between the American General Wesley Clark and the Supreme Allied Commander of Europe and
General Senior Mike Jackson, the British commander. When General Clark
troops were taking control, General Jackson refused. He was reported to have said
I'm not going to start World War III just for you.
This brings in these things in passing, okay, because you're certainly getting all the facts from CVS
at NBC, at ABC, at Fox Network News, and certainly not news network
and MSNBC, that how many people wide out there? Right.
Just to reinforce what you're already hearing, I'm sure. 127
at 5, 60 WQAM, it's the 4th of July weekend, 10th of the Mattress and Furniture
Sturist Runners annual Tony Sales when they double the price in the
off-the-half-off, which is not much of a big deal. Don't waste time this weekend,
slap it around, shopping for a mattress, save money and time this weekend by
calling dial amatris toll free. 1,800 mattress right now for prices lower than
the mall stores, even during their big sales. Only dial amatris delivers from
8 a.m. till 10 p.m. every day, including the 4th and 5th of July. That's right.
You can get delivery this entire holiday weekend. dial amatris is ranked number one
in the world of customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004
Better Business Bureau Local Forks of Excellence Award. When you call 1,800
mattress, you get the best prices on the best brands and delivery on your schedule.
And the best customer service going anywhere. dial amatris has the complete line
of all the top names in the betting business. All the ones that you know and
covered, they got silly. Surda, King Coral, Simmons, temperedic and even,
Sturians and Foster Hewitt. All our folks here at QM including your
strut even call 1,800 mattress. Any time your mattress wears out and you ought
to be doing the same. Forget about schlepping around all of your town
on this teeth from a store to store getting ripped off. Just sit right there
on your fat ass and check them on the web if you like it. macriss.com or
make that easy toll free call 1,800 mattress 1,800 MATTRES.
My life in local. This is 4,850ft.
And you hang out.
Weapon 2004.
Do do that Christ. There's 20 drug winter mercenaries up there.
Arms with every automatic weapon imaginable.
Okay. And they got hostages with C4 straps and a chest.
They could die.
You know, Jesus always ends.
You're a little Christ. There's a stairs and movie traps and we're
going to raise them. They can catch you to pieces.
Anybody have a little faith? Come on. And there's enough quick
for suits to about to hit. Yeah. Everybody's going to go sometimes.
Yeah, but you get to go back. I'm tired of you dials.
And I'll go back. Okay. Please don't let me die. I'm getting
too old for this.
You're a scratch.
You're a scratch. Who's everything's going to be okay?
You crazy Jesus. That was the most braveest, most reckless unbelievable thing I've
ever seen in my life. You got a death wish or something.
Please say the guy from handcuffed and bribed. Oh no.
You you crazy Christ.
If I don't know, you crazy. I'm not going to call you.
You got to have that.
What do you do with courageous?
132 at 560 WQM Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog at two mad dogs taking an
other day a tough week for him.
Let me take a look at the schedule is you on Friday too.
Gone tomorrow at least he's penciled it also on Friday.
So the idea that he's going to work five consecutive days.
No chance taking off Humpty right in the middle.
Nice go mad dog. Good choice.
This story here I'm going to put this out dog attack with fireworks.
If this isn't American man, I don't know what that is.
If this is so sick.
I just saw that in Oklahoma, no less than Tulsa.
Maybe we ought to open up a nationwide chain called red nexus us.
Can you imagine what do we do with people like that?
No questions asked. No trial.
No delay. Yeah.
Little vigilante justice couldn't hurt.
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T at Verizon Marvellous Line.
WQM hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, pali.
Wanted to have the comment about that teacher.
The driver was 15 years old correct?
Yeah, little underage.
So she should have been keeping her eye on the road?
Yeah, she was.
How do you know she wasn't keeping her eye on the road?
She was ripping down the guys' pants and legs.
Well, that maybe they made me a park at a rest stop.
They made me a gas and a bath.
Also, earlier poll, I don't know if I could share his name on the air.
But I have my pick up.
Yeah, well why wouldn't you be able to say Mike Dithka on the air?
And he was on there and thank you very much.
Well, he was good.
Are you good?
Best call of the day.
Hey listen, I can't all be great.
Okay, they can all be as great as I one guy.
I was talking about Robert Creeper being a homeowner.
That was terrific in the beginning.
I really not like Creeper.
And by the way, we don't want you Robert.
Okay, you have to find some other group to join.
Dogs you attacked with fireworks.
Six puppies were killed apparently.
This, seriously, I just want to get sick.
I'm going to get sick.
Six puppies were killed apparently by fireworks placed in their mouths.
Surely after teenage boys were seen carrying Roman candles in a North Tulsa neighborhood.
Tulsa Oklahoma man, Yahoo!
God, they talk about the red states in a blue states.
How about the Yahoo states?
Animal control often said there were no following leads to this.
But at no suspect in some of the acts of text during which one person told police they heard a puppy yelp.
An older dog, a four and a half month old black leopard or mixed-up or burns out her muzzle and hindquarters
from apparently being used as a moving target for fireworks.
The Tulsa Society for the Prevention of Crowley to Animals was caring for the injured dog and for the puppy's mother.
A one and a half year old black and tan healer mixed that wasn't harmed.
The injured dog had begun to even was expected to survive.
The SBCA believes that the puppies died from fireworks that exploded in their mouths.
A woman, Tanya Curry, 27, found all the dogs Monday among the rains of fireworks inside a vacant house and took the survivor to the SBCA.
When an animal control officer arrived later, the dead puppies were gone.
Somebody probably went to clean up their mess, so they wouldn't get in trouble.
Officer Cherity Curtis said the SBCA raised about $1,000 other organizations were undertaking similar efforts to reward people to provide information
leading to the arresting conviction of those responsible.
And when we find them, I say blow their brains up, but we have to have a search party for that.
Just blow their crap away. Sounds good to me.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&C horizon, wireless line.
WDQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just brought the talent of the stand show this morning. I remember in April, if you've not caught in Miami.
The what?
I would stand show. If I caught in my...
Tom Beach, West Palm Beach, Buzz103.1.
He probably can't even get that down here then.
But you have to move, man.
I got it.
Okay, see you in the Rangia, and that's the wrong place. More in direction.
See you in Rivera Beach. See you on Singer Island.
Right? Anybody want to go to Singer Island?
No.
Not no more. Not from what I'm here. Not no more.
How about Jupiter? It's out of this world.
Definitely.
I'm just not all that big on it. In fact, the day I was in Boca a couple of a few weeks ago, that was...
I don't know. It looked to me like Tamarack.
Lots of old people, Jupiter.
I'm talking about Boca.
Boca, Jupiter, the whole area.
It looked just like Tamarack. In fact, if you had just blindfolded me in a limo, I'd be on the way up there and back.
And just taking the blind fold off and I'm on the federal highway or whatever.
I just said, are we in Tamarack?
Oi!
Because that's what it looked like. I don't know what the big word is with Boca.
Except the question for the fact that it's far from Dave County.
That's why people go to Boca is to get away from Dave County, you know what I mean?
Thank you Dave.
David, Cooey and Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, this is Neil.
Sounds like Neil.
Yeah I drove all the way from T. Wells because I'm not showing that I'm not 11 or I'm sharing I...
Come on, I need to wash it.
That was great. He was doing little jelly.
Isn't that good?
Very intelligent, OK.
He was almost as good as the Robert Hummel guy.
Almost.
Now what is this?
Oh the affidavit from the Debra La Fave Sex Case.
Thank you so much.
Boy, talk, and if I can read this, I know I'm a little blirriotic today, but this is
unbelievable.
The defendant, 23-year-old teacher at the So-and-So-Mental School, committed to the offenses of
two counts, well, we already know the charges.
Right?
Is there going to be anything exciting or interesting in this or stimulating or anything?
Details.
You audio, audio, audio, audio, I reviewed the case and confirmed what Captain Blirrid
told me.
Debra La Fave had driven to a color with the So-and-So.
They picked up So-and-So later she and So-and-So had sex in her vehicle.
The report also documented the suspect picked up So-and-So.
Your old So-and-So to O'Cala to see his cousin, the suspect later had sex with the So-and-So
and her vehicle in O'Cala.
This is the same stuff we had before, only a very lengthy detail, which I could read and
kill out of time, but I'm going to do it.
Boy.
But thanks anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, you see we're not building any pool today in these lines to ours, so
as a result, you notice how the quality of the calls degenerates?
A lot of the degenerates.
What'd you expect?
Definitely.
Exactly this.
That's what I'm hoping for.
No, only once Ron, only once that I'm going to have to take you and get the butterfly
net, okay?
Get the butterfly net and take crazy Ron away.
Get him a couple of pros at.
Man.
And in fact, Zach discovered that I liked this police report about Deborah so much that
he faxed it to me twice.
Oh, I saw Zach.
You want her moltened your ass.
Absolutely.
Boy, don't fax it to me.
If this comes over again, you're going to get food from shloin' these tomorrow instead
of from pizza law.
Hopefully, and here comes the third time.
Here we go again.
What are you doing, you maniac?
I put it in the machine once.
Maybe we wanted to send it to you a couple times.
Yeah, maybe it's self-operating now.
Maybe just can't control itself.
It's a lot of control.
Once was enough, more than enough.
560, 7.
0560, 0560.
I gotta think that anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail is gotta be out of time,
I don't they?
Probably.
More than likely.
I mean, only the very, those who are just stuck and can't possibly get out.
And then, of course, the DREGs, which we're delighted to hear from.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Pretty good.
Hey, I saw Fahrenheit 9.11 yesterday.
Right.
And I'm happy to re-well, not happy to report, but kind of funny.
A shoving match broke out after the movie.
Up is a movie co on 95 in place.
I thought it wasn't showing a movie, because I thought they weren't showing the movie.
Yeah, no, they had it up there.
It was a movie co on 95 in place.
OK.
And two, I don't know.
They were like 50-year-old guys.
They were getting into it.
They were hiring each other and pushing each other out.
It's kind of funny.
Hey, did you, your old friend, Sonny Boxes, up to nothing nowadays?
I think he's done a soup line, not only a soup kitchen, I believe.
Here's the fourth copy of this from Zach.
Man, you are out of control.
There was two parts to it, maybe.
It was like nine pages.
Oh, well, why are you sending it to me, though?
It was nine pages.
You're sending it all to me?
Lunatic, maniac, OK?
I thought you wanted the details.
You know something, Mo?
You might have had a point.
Absolutely.
I'm not going to look all at you.
This is five six years old.
You're the only one who's got a few in.
Hey, good for you.
Good for you.
Christopher walking in the south of his mind.
He should do a study on his brain.
Make sure the bugle on my brain.
Doctors went looking for all they could find was a little red toy.
You should trade.
Look at the train.
Do it in my head.
And the harvest guy makes tons of movies each year.
Where he looks like he's caught in his life like a deer.
Oh, what's there, oh?
But I won't hear him.
That makes him a star.
That big old hair and those weird beanie eyes.
He's not like those of a Hollywood guy.
But he's never been caught to in crack.
Even while filming Kangaroo Jazz.
Now the little bit steps with white strings.
This group will climb back.
The group will climb.
The group will climb.
Christopher walking in his head.
Big and round.
No waste of slimes love to no good.
Good for you.
But no one doing has ever been found when he sets sail with manly wood.
Good for you, but the only person Christopher ever heard was himself when he signed up to be his children.
Oh, what's there, oh?
Wow, he's that makes him a star.
He loves and talks like he's a crazy man.
Good for you, but he was great.
He can't stay in to you.
He can't.
He's never been caught up with tree.
I don't climb trees.
Even while filming jeal.
Good for you.
Still I wonder what they find if they cast in his wing.
As by wing, wing, your head.
Worst judge, Becca, when you need him, right?
147 at 56.
Even a son, Santa, will finally climb out of the Howard Stern story.
Although I noticed it's an associated press story.
Not written by Little Tommy Jika or any local or local.
But in a Palm Beach post, they're all over it like stink on Greg, you know what?
It's in their backyard.
Howard Stern sure returns to West Palm Beach here.
Ways in fact they've got a pool here.
I'm always a little bit nervous about a pool that doesn't show you how many votes there are.
The question is, when you tune into Howard Stern's show on Buzz103.1,
you know something?
I think we will use that pool to Mars, like in the first hour.
I might not be bad.
And then we'll do the, huh?
That might not be bad.
And then we'll do the Greg Green one after that, the last three hours.
We'll do that and find out.
And of course one of the choices will have to be, I can't pick up that station.
And anyway, when you tune into Howard Stern's show on Buzz103.1,
yes, 50.
Now there are the numbers there.
Look at no one of their way off to the right.
338 and 21 about the 350 vote.
Yes, I have missed this in the show, 59%.
No, I don't enjoy Howard Stern's program, 35% and a third%.
Maybe it depends what else is on the radio, 5.5%.
Well, that's pretty a powerful crap in it.
Oh, yeah.
Howard Stern's popping.
They just showed a clip with him about all this on CNN.
Man, you talk about pompous man, oh man.
And he's going on the, the martyr.
He's a, Mel Gibson ain't got nothing on him.
As far as being a martyr.
In fact, remember when all this was going on, they had the thing with the stirring on the cross instead of Jesus.
It's not about Howard Stern.
How about bubble-lost bunge and all other people have lost their jobs?
How about the people in these nine markets who are already lost their jobs
because they're making room to put his ass on the air?
How about the rest of us in a business who are like doing a watered-down version of what we used to do
because we can't just say crap anymore?
Seems to me, he's still making us 30 or 40 million a year.
That's what I'm not glad for to stir in fans.
You know, he's got a right to be on the air.
But I mean, what a pompous ass.
Self-aggrandizing.
It's the world according to Howard.
Anyway, Stern's popping a morning program will launch in 9 Infinity Broadcasts.
He markets across the country, including West Palm Beach on 103 won the buzz beginning Monday, July 19th.
Stern will replace the long-time morning buzz show featuring Mark Summers, Jenny and Dahmer.
Summers posted an announcement on MorningBuzz.net saying it was a very sad day
and then it was borderline in tears that his show has come to an abrupt end.
This is no joke.
The morning buzz has been taken off here for good.
He wrote, I will always hold West Palm Beach here to my heart.
I won't.
Infinity President CEO Joel Hollander announced that Stern will return to stations in West Palm Beach.
Houston, San Diego, Tampa, WQYKAM, Pittsburgh, Orlando, Austin, Rochester, and Fresno, California.
Stern has been off the air in those markets since February 26th.
See, this article is well whatever.
In April, the one we know about that, John Hogan, Third Channel's President and CEO,
issued a statement saying, Stern was banned permanently from Riyadhia.
We know that.
Apparently, Infinity, it's his one to take the risk considering the competitive radio market in its rivalry with Third Channel.
The nine initials stations bring the total carrying Stern's show to 45, including 27-0, and operated by Infinity.
Stern's show was syndicated by Infinity, a unit of Viacom.
Stern said, I can't wait to get back to the markets where we were taken off.
I've missed my fans and judging from the countless emails and calls I've received, they've missed the show.
Now we have the opportunity to be together again. It will be great.
Stern has used the show to rail against both the FCC and the Bush Administration, which he said is trying to drive him off the air for political reasons.
When the fines were announced, Stern posted a statement in his web, blaming a McCarthy type voice-hunt by the Bush Administration, which again, I kind of questioned that because...
Did he get canned?
No.
Did he still on the air?
He had a whole bunch more stations, and Infinity said that just yet today they're going to support him right down the line.
What else he's talking about? Can you tell me?
No one knows.
I think you can't scroll Howard Stern without three letters.
EG-O!
The organization will call for the strongest radio five-six-one.
It's you, A.M.
It's Howard.
Howard's famed.
The worst place in all time is higher. The worst place, nobody's nobody's nobody's a hot day.
The worst place for me has to get in the air.
The right way tonight is one, two, three, four.
The best place ever is to get in the air.
You gotta watch.
Watch.
You say you better or else.
You'll find it.
You'll find it.
You'll find it.
The worst place for me has to get in the air.
You'll find it.
You'll find it.
You'll find it.
I can say it.
It's Howard.
Three, three.
Oh, no!
I hear a bar of auto-unit dismissing you.
You're getting forced back to any point.
By the power of the Indian R-Board, God's push.
The federal investigation is as I'm prompting the power of the nation.
That's the reason I want to pass you mine.
The land that is now under the highest demand.
The land that I need may not be seen.
The land that is now under the highest demand.
The land that is now under the highest demand.
The land that is now under the highest demand.
157 and 563 of you can be very excited and we're in the Janet Jackson's breast flash may get a $550,000 fine.
All right.
How do you like that?
It's expensive boobies.
Can you imagine if they've shown both boobies?
We're talking over a million.
Wow.
20 television stations that air pop singer Janet Jackson's infamous breast flash during the Super Bowl should be fine.
27,500 dollars each according to a staff recommendation to U.S. regulators.
A source of media with a matter said today.
During the NFL Super Bowl have, well, we know all about that.
FCC's commission staff of Rose commissioners fine via comm,
ranks 20 CBS television stations.
27,500 each for a total of 550 grand.
The source said declining for the right identification.
The staff did not recommend finding the other CBS stations there at the incident but are not owned by a via comm source said.
Now, what was that for you?
The recommendation is circulating among the five SEC commissioners who have been assigned otherwise.
In other words, find the stations that are owned by CBS but not the ones that aren't.
So fair.
I think the rationale behind that would be, well, CBS was responsible for it and the other affiliates were just carrying whatever they were feeding down the line.
Right?
It shouldn't feed so much.
Yeah.
Yeah, you should know.
How is lunch, Zack?
Delicious.
We love the joint.
We love the joint.
Like you wouldn't believe.
Ain't nothing like a good joint.
What's your take on the Tampa School teachers speaking of bandwidth sex with a 14-year-old student or hers?
We have 527 votes not too shabby in an hour into whatever I listen to hours.
I'm jealous.
173 be saying that.
She's a crazy bitch but very hot.
117.
The cousins should be sharp for a squealing.
I don't know if the thing was going on when he had it.
In fact, maybe he would have been next 105.
I'll do it at any age 73.
Fry her ass 37 and no big deal.
No big fan.
23 out of 536.
So the general consensus is who gives a crap, right?
Yeah.
It would say they'd been there to give a helping hand or hop right in.
Whatever.
At least take some video.
That's what I'm saying.
I'll do your identity right now if we can add a video of that.
Well, of course it involves a minor.
So like I said, you know, can you imagine how many people would be hopping online to see that?
Millions and millions and...
About 30 million.
Every million an hour.
No question.
Curtis Stevens is sitting by.
We got Curtis sitting in for the mad dog who's, you know, a little overworked.
He understood a lot of stress coming back from that tough trip to Iceland.
So we got Curtis Stevens in two to four.
The hopper 4 to 630.
Marlon's on deck 630 at 705.
Your Marlon's active braves will fix some serious ass up there again tonight.
Any K after the baseball game.
Bye bye bye!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Let me tell you something.
My PRT game.
