That's your special Joe.
Such a Joe.
Visible bitches.
Not you Joe.
I'm here to say when Joe walks into the room and mows
leaving in the morning to drop some of them.
When a bombah is on day.
It puts the large in the basket.
What's that?
Oh, anders, focus me, woman or a man.
Now that the bombah probably comes in,
you reclaim the fortune.
I put things up on the ground.
If the better way to remain, torture is there.
I'm carrying Iraq because we hate them.
For something that we know they did not do.
Push up our advanced occupation.
Now we're all screwed.
Anders, focus me, let's have freedom, bring.
And pile up your life bar wire to their names.
In those they get in vain.
Stack them in a pile.
There's a code that opens to say Jesus, smile.
We'll burn free in all that's great, but far it's hers.
In risk there's no atrocities for us.
Push up like well first you only follow orders.
Move with wings, be cold.
Acher is coming to me, now make that full die.
Like this hurt like rubber on a modern age.
I hate this place, nothing works here.
The medications don't work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medications don't work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Happy Thursday to you.
1003 at 560 WQM, the home of technical insanity.
Now what was that again?
The death pot was open?
Yeah, it was just the way to get the audience as attention right there at the beginning of the show.
No, seriously why?
Why was it open?
The death pot was open and we started recording on that as we record on that.
Why?
Why?
Why?
The melodia sounds of the people.
Why?
Why?
The worst part of it is that it actually went off.
I was sitting here thinking, oh this is going to be great.
We're going to have the whole line dropped out and I can go back to bed for a couple of hours.
I can even skip out and avoid having lunch with the rumors today.
Oh god.
No.
Oh brother.
Anyway, let's get to the serious stuff.
Okay, we asked yesterday on our pool on neo-rangers.com.
This was our second pool of A.
After our first pool, there's Ramesfeld as in Iraq.
No, it's Harry Potter.
Oh brother.
Now he doesn't want anybody to think he's just trying to put out some water on those fires and put out all this hysteria.
Or that this is some kind of a PR campaign or a dog in a pony show.
Nobody believes that, do they?
No.
Good.
Because that would only a real cynic would believe crap like that.
Now what is this best of Miami?
Yeah, the best of issues out.
In what city link?
What are the times?
Well, what is this from?
That would be a real hell.
Which one of these rags it's from?
New times.
Best sportscaster, Bukshambi.
All right, let's hear it.
All right.
The Tom Hanks megahead movie big connected with audiences thanks to the actors on Kenley Gailess portrayal of youthful joy.
Listening to Bukshambi broadcast Florida Marlins games on WQMAM including the teams unlikely ascent away World Series Championship this past season.
They won by the way last night.
Brought that same feeling to mind.
Shambi an old school announcer with an eager to please voice.
Yeah, he's really eager to please.
Sounded so damn glad to be there.
It was impossible not to be infected with this enthusiasm.
How do you like that?
A lot.
The opportunity for Shambi to broadcast high profile games must have been a big chance for career enhancement.
But what made him list what made listening to him such a joy with an underneath the announcer you can hear the kid whose dreams were coming true.
They like to rely.
New times.
They've directed a lesson about.
About his partner Dave Van Boring and how terminal he is and how grateful we are when Bukhambzon and we hear his voice as opposed to Dave.
Chroma inducing Van Boring even Joshua Taita that he could have even have to work with him.
What?
Reader's Choice with Jimmy Cifilis.
Jimmy Cifilis best sportscaster.
Well, what does that mean Jimmy Cifilis on Channel 10?
What games does he broadcast?
Best TV news anchor.
Oh, see that you can see the way this whole thing is a condom.
Of course, as if.
Cross-eyed Christie Kruger.
He spells cross-eyed with a case.
So it's like a triple K-range.
Filling the oxfords of late local broadcast legend and bishop of WPLGT was a challenge accepted by Christie Kruger who has proved herself up to the job at 5, 6, and 11.
Maybe her 11 year tenure as health reporter helped her become sufficiently in inured to calmly deal with my knees, demoralizing daily news cycle which brims with shootings, child of E.C. Adi Adi Adi.
How do you like that?
I can't read what it says in the bottom of this because you chopped it off.
It's trying to send it in chunks.
We got a ton of scientists trying to parcel it off.
What does it say at the bottom? Who is the readers to it?
They're all in the facts machine.
What does that mean?
They're all spewing out here. Here we go.
I don't know. I don't know where I left off. They're all mixed up.
Best TV news anchor. It's right under the booster there.
Christie Kruger. That's their pick now.
Oh, that lorch.
Who?
Matt Lorch.
Who the hell is that?
Ever watched the Adam's family? He's the butler.
Lorch? Yes.
You're right.
Best TV station.
You know, that's why New Times is such a pile.
Sudo and intellectual pile of duty, man.
Miami-Dade County Cable Television Access Project.
That's picked as the best TV station.
It says you won't find localized renditions of these sopranos the law and order on cable tap.
But you'll be inundated with half-hour vignettes about the people and organizations
that make this sub-tropical multi-ethnic frying pan their home.
A droning commissioner may be a cultural lightweight for sure, maybe even a Wayne's World Level ego-fest.
And it goes on, oh my God.
Haitian Forum.
Paso's a la libertad.
Parastitodne Puerto Rico.
Ways of Israel.
Oye, vay.
It says, wow, a TV station that literally can save your ass.
Readers' Choice was Channel 7, which says a lot about South Florida, doesn't it?
Absolutely.
Correct.
Channel 7.
Okay, well let me just put this stuff aside.
Here's my pomp and a park copy.
Nice go and draw you idiot.
Did I mention that our sales department are like functionally challenged today?
Hope they all enjoy that big party tonight.
They're having a ratings party tonight.
Folks, I can't tell you where because then a lot of you know lives will crash the party.
I have no life.
But they're having a ratings party celebrate what a great job they did.
The sales department.
All the other people had sit around and pick it in those all day.
Eat in the free food, coming in and steaming our free sodas and whatever else we got laying around.
Okay, let's just do the poll result yesterday first.
Which of these best describes why you listen to the neo-roggio show?
Neal tells it like it is that was a late edition and it zoomed by everybody else.
733 people wanted to kiss me right in the end.
Correct them.
733.
For a few laughs, 576.
To hear the stories neo-raids, 172 just 9.8%.
That's not really a good omen, you know what?
That's not a good sign.
Less than 10% tuned in to hear those very important bedtime stories.
But you know what, too bad.
It kills four hours of my boring life.
I have no life.
133 people honest enough to say that and we can relate.
At least when you're in Florida.
To hear the crazy and crank calls, 65, only 3.7%.
That desperate.
I hate neo but I can't turn it off 46.
And to hear the callers opinions, only 18.1%.
I don't want to say that most of the audience out there doesn't give a frying crap or a flying monitor.
Oh, nothing like frying crap.
They don't just don't care about your opinions.
And of course, that may have something to do with the quality of the calls over the year, but nevertheless.
Okay, so that's yesterday's poll.
We got Gabrielle Reese.
She's a beach volleyball player in the model.
She is.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I kind of looked there.
I didn't really look too hard for a biographer because when I realized that she was a volleyball player, I figured, well, why does it really make any difference?
She's a cross trainer.
She's on our behind-the-beaten curtain today.
If you're over the age of 75, you got both grandparents around to say, okay, son, you can take a quick look, then take a look real fast.
And by the way, just breaks our heart that we find out that there are people, especially punks, really desperate punks who couldn't get laid in the red light district in Amsterdam, who are looking at those pictures and not looking at the rest of our prestigious website, like that spit call we had yesterday,
that little child that overgrown infant.
Could you be more specific?
Yeah.
Any of many.
This local sports tournament, the NASDAQ 100, this local sports tournament, oh, man, you talk about desperate for categories.
Hurley, mowley, the NASDAQ 100.
Here's today's poll question.
And I think it's a perfect day for it too.
Although, let me see what else they got in here.
Readers, oh, I see.
Your faction is all out of what?
Because you know how it is.
It's wide.
It's long and wide.
And we're trying to get it broken down into factable chunks.
Readers choice.
Howard Stern.
Best AM.
Oh, here you go.
Yes.
Best AM radio.
I guess that was best FM.
And I can't figure out who it is that they picked because the first part of that didn't show up yet.
It's there.
Best AM radio personality.
This is, this has got to be a comedy.
It must be because nobody's ever heard of this person.
Because anybody is just, how many people watch that local access TV station if they're raven about it?
Third, man.
See, this is part of the pseudo intellectual approach of new times.
Best AM radio personality.
Jacqueline Hazel, the forgiveness forecast on WMBM 1490 AM.
Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoon, after you've finished a full day of terrorizing everyone in your office or shop, you don't have to hate yourself.
Sure, you've made your secretary's job living.
How you've termited your codependent girlfriend.
You've statistically tortured your wife.
Radio host Jacqueline Hazel has a place in her heart for you.
Interacted in broadcast, he forgave this forecast.
Hazel touts the power of saying, sorry, sorry, mister.
Listen to Hazel on your drive home and you'll feel redeemed and ready to face that deep dark truthful mirror about your bathroom sink.
You regain the strength to continue the next day doing the awful things you do and then apologize for.
I apologize.
Nice way to beat this system, Hazel.
Well, seriously, it's like the fallacies do whatever you want.
Just make sure you get yourself absolved and what better way to make amends than to apologize.
After you've finished listening to this, upload things show.
Readers choice, Neil Rogers, do the Q&A.
Of course.
How do you like that?
What do you mean, of course?
They always pick you.
Yeah, what haven't they?
Oh, I don't know.
Well, once every 10 years, new times, they'll pick me just to...
Yeah, the old man still got it, boy.
Well, that was CityLink, though.
Wasn't it that glowing ass-look?
I do think about what would this town be without the Neil Rogers show and where will we be and what will we do in any Audi Audi on it?
New times, of course.
Isn't the hero published that?
Yes.
So they're much less likely to say anything positive about me.
By the way, Howard Cohn, you're still a, a class hole, okay?
You idiot.
Big 106 doesn't suffer from loss of shock shock.
Right.
Right.
And Tom Jekyll still hasn't written anything about it.
See, in a real market, where there was real competition and real writers, they'd be ripping the herald and ask for that.
Because they really rip each other the competition.
Saying, man, oh man, did they make a bonehead mistake?
But not Tom.
He's too busy telling us about Fraser in the last episode again.
How many times has he written about this?
Stop kidding, man!
Yeah, by the way, Troy already got the copy, okay?
I want copy was enough, please.
1013 at 560 WDQM.
Let's face it, we've been talking about fast rain for a coons age on this program now.
Maybe during hearing me talk about it, you wondered if this is right for you.
Well, it's very easy, if you have the dedication, fast rain can provide with the necessary training.
Can you achieve a brand new, high paying computer career in just four short months.
So if your life is on a treadmill, if your paycheck is no more talking about, this might be the answer that you've been looking and hoping for.
And just for short months, you can be on your way to a real career and a big fat one that goes along with it and a paycheck too.
Fast rains got daynative weekend classes, financial assistance for people who qualify.
Once you complete your classes, fast rain will even assist you in getting a new computer job.
It's really that easy.
So Colin, today what he got to lose beside a $4.5 an hour job.
Call fast-trained at 1-866-FAST-trained.
They got seven locations in town including Miami, Kendall, Fort Lauderdale, and Pembroke Pine.
So it just makes sense that there's going to be a fast-trained campus nearby you.
Check them out on the web at fast-trained.com and make that one simple call that can change your life, give you a boost.
Call 1-866-FAST-trained.
We're sportsmen you'll fight six o'clock, QAM.
It's day-oh, Miami Town.
That's 560-WQ-A-M.
American Girls
In American Gods who only listen to the message from the Uber Brot will have their tables hogged line.
As the troops come home dead, they find the comfort of the night, hiding under the bed.
I never served in armament, I'm too afraid to fight.
So I sit right here near the DB far from liberalized under the covers you'll discover.
Tomah thinks this year, they would prefer to have some mother do the fighting for play.
Now this country I love is occupying Iraq and all the suckers like me, whose nicks are bred in the back.
Have our tongues all placed firmly in bushes big ground.
I, the big mouth cowards of the world who gladly follow.
Hey, you'll go sand up to a braid, keep firing lists, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist and my flag will fly.
From the back of my truck, knocking at idiotic pseudo patriotic.
And my view of the old ride world is what I see on Fox News.
Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior, who knows better than you.
I'm an inbred jerk, who parrots anything they say.
Don't have to read or research it's so much easier this way to watch TV or looking pictures.
You wish a today with my I need to stop what I think as I tickle my brain to not go sand up to a braid.
You battle your list, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist as I know my flag so I can pull on my.
As long as I do proudly show the swathe the cuts I've killed on my.
That's not right.
The Saudis are our best friends in the world, not those I rackish or choose.
Oi, yeah, I'm an armchair warrior, who knows better than you.
I'm a bastard, I'm a bastard, I'm a bitch.
I'm a bastard, I'm a bitch, I'm a bastard, I'm a bitch.
Oh, wow, all the Nazis all the time, 10, 20 at 5, 60 WQM, here's our poll today.
What's your number one complaint?
And we got list of five to start, we already got some votes on there.
In fact, let's take a peek and see what it is so far.
What's your number one complaint? Bush is destroying America 35.
My wife isn't bisexual, that was Georgia's choice, seven.
I'm not getting enough sex, six, six, sex.
I was saying as a cow and can't lose weight, that was my choice, six.
And my boss is a pull, one, I'm the first 66 votes.
My boss is a pull.
Just odd on me and plan a bit that we can still say brown eye, oh thank the Lord for that.
Otherwise we couldn't play that Van Morrison song, right?
This thank you for faxing this depressing piece of news whoever sent this in.
It says, won't this bitch ever go away and the answer is no.
Miriam elephant is expected when I was plans today she's seeking re-election as
Bowered County's election supervisor during a rally against her suspension last year by Governor
Jeb Bush.
Protest organizers said yesterday they Southern Christian Leadership Conference and Justice
for all in Broward, a group of local black ministers will rally today at the governmental
center of downtown Fort Lauderdale.
Maybe they're doing it right now as part of their campaign to persuade the US Civil Rights
Commission to investigate Bush's actions.
Bush's suspended elephant without pay over accusations that she was incompetent and
had mismanaged the election's office.
Very few things I could agree with Jeb Bush about but when it comes to Miriam elephant,
she is incompetent as absolutely correct as they come.
But nevertheless she just refuses to go away.
She want that job now.
Maybe she can get her sister out there too, Marchin.
Oh yeah, she's a pit.
Now, going back to this best FM personality, I don't know who it is but I guess the back of
boys, I don't know what they're on.
Because it says, Hordes of Young Women showed up at the, because you chopped off the first
part of this.
Sorry.
Hordes of Young Women showed up at the desegregation spot only received complimentary chicken
breast injected with saline.
Most morning shows are a poor man's version of Howard Stern, which the back of boys easily
outshined as could have drawn parrot into mines.
Already far beyond that in quality they do all are setting a new standard marking their
own territory, probably to be copied soon by other morning shows.
The readers chose Howard Stern, of course, no longer on the market.
But the new times chose the back of boys.
Do we have any idea what station they're on, who they are, what it's all about?
N.I.B.
Oh, the black of boys.
Apparently.
Maybe they left a, they'll come no blacker than the back of boys.
Best Spanish language personality and Rique Santos in Joe Ferreto, El Sol.
And it's too bad that we don't have the rest of this because you just, oh this is just so
choppy.
It's crappy.
I got it choppy and that's how I fact it.
It says actually make that personalities with their El Vasolo and de la maniana show
and El Sol.
These two get away with stuff Howard Stern types can only dream about.
Maybe no one at the FCC speak Spanish despite the recent brujaha over in decency.
Anybody who regularly listens to radio knows the real shocks.
Jocks are celebrated on the seemingly unregulated Hispanic stations.
How do you like that?
I can't read the rest of it or figure out who the right, I don't have any.
Oh, best trade.
Oh, that's the best weathercaster Jackie Johnson doesn't say who the, uh, look, see that's the thing that they do about this.
They, the reader's choice sometimes they put it on there.
Sometimes they write.
Maybe there isn't one.
Jackie Johnson.
Best radio station.
W-P-Y-M-R-M-I-G-D.
Are you, you, you, me, party radio?
Oh, the party's over.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Party.
Feverish world of dance music is populated by numerous and fluid subgenres from the chaffell of Superpature
to the dark new beat of the lords of acid and each school has its fanatic acid tractors.
True you may not hear Carlos D. Spind the deep forest remix of A Forest,
unless you upass your lazy boy and head down to revolver.
But for avoid, what?
But for avoiding rush during rush hour, general car, uh, but car bumping or any crews you choose,
perhaps must be given to W-P-Y-M colloquial known as party 93.1.
The party's over.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
The dance format cleared the dials of classical music with W-T-M-I-F-M till shortened.
P-Y-M, uh, P-Y-M stirs stepped up.
Oh, this is so.
It says, uh, I remember, uh, a, a series of, uh, pluses any carbon-based unit
who's living in the market lacking a dance music station will tell you,
simply having these smoking hip-shakers of 90 to P-Y-M on the ear moves the cultural needle
from the now of hip hop to the future of synthesizers.
Even, well, you talk about pseudo-inluctual crab man.
Reader's choice was Zeta.
Oh, here it is.
Here's the first part of that.
The back of boys on W-M-I-B, the beat.
Since if you're one of the few hundred thousand souls who lived through the daily purgatory of sitting in morning hour,
or rush hour traffic, finding and entertaining distractions of priority on your FM dial,
so forget the monotone chitchat provided by NPR and WLRN.
Since the arrival of the beat last year, Mexican-American brothers Eric,
and then there's more to it that's also not here, which I don't know how.
Well, it's just ain't there.
Tell me the other part.
The back of boys, the blackout there, the backer, and the whatever.
Maybe they chewed the backer.
I don't know.
So, okay, that's our poll question today.
What's your number one complaint?
Oh, wait, look at that.
We got to do the break.
I can't believe it.
It's your fault.
You got me bogged down first with the way we started with that loud feedback.
I'll never do that again.
Josh.
And then number two with this damn new timescrap.
Apparently, CityLink must have theirs out because I'm getting faxes from someone with other things that aren't from this.
Really?
Well, it's good.
Bring them on, baby.
All the faxes all the time.
It'll kill some really good time here today.
Twenty-six faxes tended five.
Oh, listen, join QAmin to build yellow pages from Bell Sound today, new to one.
And card tronics.
139.81 saftix, Johanway.
Stop by, pick up Marlon's Astros tickets and Keynes baseball tickets.
New to one at card tronics in Miami.
And join the big O.
Today, four to six at the new Seminole Hard Rock Casino in Hollywood.
Stop by the Spinnerville for prizes.
And that's the new Seminole Hard Rock Casino where the big O will be there at four o'clock.
Let me tell you right now about something big financial group.
You know, you've heard us talk about financial group and they're incredible.
Only one mortgage program.
With an unbeatable one and a quarter percent rate for the purchase or refinancing of your home, one and a quarter percent.
That's just $334 a month on a hundred thousand dollar loan.
Six-sixth the eight a month on eight two hundred thousand dollar loan.
Now they're advertising on TV.
They're all over the radio.
They're inside the Todd Rex Brain.
This program's got everybody talking.
Only one mortgage makes it possible and only the financial group makes it available.
Refinance your current home.
Give money for renovations.
Move to another home and never ever pay fees or closing costs again.
Zero closing costs, zero credit bureau fees, zero application fees, zero discounted points, zero everything.
Just like Todd's IQ.
This is for real.
Just call financial group toll free.
One eight six six three nine five lend to find out more.
That's one eight six six three nine five LED.
The only one mortgage.
Trust me when I tell you it's the only mortgage you'll ever need.
The Renekville Housing Lender, Credit Restrictions Apply, 4.25 APR, rates, subject to change monthly.
This is for twenty-one five six.
You way here.
A mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment.
Humanity sings duet.
Run, I'll ride.
Run the round in the breeze.
Run the business.
I'll ride.
Here's a mad dog.
Humanity sings classic raw.
Run the business.
Here's a ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
Here's a ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
At first Jim said he built a little bit of it's moves.
I don't like that.
You're making a heart.
But now he says.
I like it. I like it.
The mad dog just can't piss it up with that cottage cheese bun.
If he wants to sing God Bless the Mararchy and paste these in the G-string up here, I'll do it.
You got food and everybody knows that it's alright.
Alright! Listen to the mad dog sing them self-happy.
Oh, friend! Oh, friend! Oh, friend! Oh, friend! Oh, friend! Oh, friend!
Oh, demand it! Sing duet! Available now at all blocks us this story.
Alright!
By 7 before 11 a reason I played that is because this must be the city link, right?
I can only assume.
Best radio personality, they pick Jim Mandage, WDQAM. It says you don't so much listen to
Jim Mandage, says you rubber neck him. He's a lot obnoxious full of himself, loudish,
off and wrong, boar. In other words, he's perfect for that abrasive medium-called radio.
What's more, Mandage is perfect for sports, especially since he's a former jock himself,
having played several seasons as a mediocre Ted M for the Dolphins.
He's got two Super Bowl rings by the way you idiots. Those are mediocre Super Bowl
rings.
Oh, with his sports pedigree, Mandage has a special insider quality that somewhat tones
down the repulsive nature of his character. Well, this is quite a compliment. Then we
could never touch the small level of his WPLG channel 10 TV partner Jimmy Cifilis, another
former dolphin receiver. Mandage doesn't just talk about sports. He's labeled a rambulant
about the hangover he has from pre-beacock tales he drank the night before, or provide an
anecdote that reveals his lacherous nature. You never know what is this train wreck of a
man is going to say next, and that's what really makes him hard to ignore, says city link
readers choice Neil Rogers.
Neil God.
See, all I care about is that's good, because the mad dog gets one, I get the other one.
Right. I want to care about what the listeners have to say, the readers, because they're the
ones that get the Arbatron diaries. The people that write this swill in city link in
new times, they don't get no diaries. Okay. So, you can think of whatever the line
stuff, and I can only present the city link stuff is also on the internet. Right.
You want to go and find the whole thing. All right.
Why should I do that?
I'm mentioning that.
When you can fax it to me like, oh, I have a page here in a quarter of a page over
there, and I can paste it all together with a page is glue and tape. Right. This
unscrupulous writer Michael Mayo. Oh my God. What does that say about that newspaper? Right?
Holy cow.
Absolutely correct.
Michael hold a male. And I don't know who the readers picked, because you only faxed
me this one.
That's all I got. That's all I came through the fax.
Oh, that's all I came through was just that one page. When you folks can do better than
that, don't give us like that little tease there.
Nanner.
That's a little tease. What's your number one complaint? That's our pull question. I'm
sure that we got a lot of people out there with big complaints that aren't on here.
Yeah. Let's go. Let's get with it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a gate T and T and
horizon wireless line.
Well, you talk about a dog in Prone Show trying to save PUS. Rumsfeld over there in
Baghdad. Oh, brother. WQM Hello. I believe six across is bloody PUS. WQM Hello. Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 WQM Hello. Don't pull. Oh God. WQM Hello. Yeah. Come on.
Okay. Yes, sir. Speaking. Speaking. Hello. Yes. Yeah. This is one. Yeah. Yeah. This
is one. Just like yesterday. One of the crowd gave us like a regular boy. And it's a
guy. This is one. Midi. Yeah. I'm still on the mayor's shoulder mayor. Pinkas. Pecania.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. Well, I'll tell you. They got that. I told you the mushrooms came
in over a weekend. You just didn't get any. I know. Again. Maybe there'll be some of
that party tonight for the ratings party with all those losers at it. We can only
help those people that did so much to help us get those big ratings. WQM Hello. Yes,
sir. Let me close you to reason why the wreckage is going to want to give that
gym bit. Okay. Good. WQM Hello. WQM Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Pretty good. Just
leaving the governmental center where the elephant is supposed to be in a few minutes. Yes.
It's getting a little burnt down here. Oh, no. Finster. Man. Hey, man. Just
don't fire. Got to go. Yeah. She's fired at it. WQM Hello.
Fuck you. What was he talking about? At least it was right to the point. Clear. Concise.
Uh-huh. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and T in Verizon Wireless Line. Wicked up into
a frenzy at a maybe. They're a full minute them off. Just the way we like it. So far,
you're number one complete bushes destroying America 110. Well, you know that. That's
a given 164 votes. I'm not getting enough sex 24. I'm fat as a cow. I can't lose weight
18. My wife isn't bisexual 11 and my boss is a. A toll three. WQM Hello. Neil. Yes,
sir. Neil, I don't understand. I got a question. How exactly do all these garbage on
the road? Maybe that's new work. Hold them out of a hat. Some folks they pull them out
of their. Right them. WQM Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I heard last night one of the
Marlins. They scored standing up. I got I got I got I got I got I got I got. WQM Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Calling from Fort Lauderdale. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, um, definitely nice show today. Is it the Clueless? Call it? Clueless call us. Yeah.
Well, anyway, let's listen to the pantless. I'm at work in my day off. So I think I have
no doubt about up sex. Not up sex. Okay. Okay. Thanks. So in other words, now what they're
going to do is call in and read the ones that we have. That's great. I told you I love
these calls. You people that don't like the phone calls, man. You don't know where you just
don't know where it's at. That's your problem. WQM Hello. How you doing, Uncle Neil? My
big beef is that I live in Florida. Living in Florida. That's an excellent choice. Now,
I'll go Neil. I'll be seeing you soon. I'm getting my butt out of here. I'm going to
stand for Cisco Lake Tahoe and Reno. All right. Have a great time, Valley. Thank you. See
you. He's going. This story just to drives me up the wall. Counselor gets house arrest for
not eating hanging teen. This is just enough to make you want to spank somebody real bad.
Well, she thought he was already dead. So what's the rush? A former, no, she didn't.
The former youth counselor who snapped photos of a hanging teenager rather than try to
free him from his makeshift news was sentenced to a year of house arrest yesterday for child neglect.
A former youth counselor. Sandra Trotter, 41, stared ahead his bowed circuit judge,
Michael Jates pronounce sentence, which also included four years probation, 500 hours of
community service, and the stipulation that she never worked as a caretaker for children
or disabled adults again. The victim, 15-year-old Anthony Dumas,
had been sent to the Lippen Center, 221 Northwest, 43rd Court,
Nockland Park, and a shelter for one-aways and troubled youths. Lutheran family services runs
the center under contract with the Florida Department of juvenile justice. Her mother and father
let a judge send him there for attacking his mother because they had no money to pay for his
counseling, which they knew he needed. In June 2000, sometime after 9 p.m. Anthony hanged
himself from a top bunk bed in his room using his black woven leather belt. Prosecutor Dennis Seagal
said it would have been simple to let Anthony about a foot under the bunk first bunk to relieve the
news's pressure. After the incident Trotter told police another investigators she was afraid to
touch the teenager because she feared she would hurt him further. The photos were to keep her
records so she wouldn't be sued. She later said she tried to cut the belt but had no access to
scissors and no help from fellow employees. Wow, talk about lame. But now she's saying she thought
he was already dead and was taking the documentation because she's understand. And we spent the day
talking to people and seeing the steps that have been taken to see that those types of abuses to
people for whom we have rubber. Yes, see it's all about those pictures you know what I'm saying?
Now we know why Casey Kason was screaming about those pictures he was supposed to see. That's
what it's all about is those damning pictures that always seem to be around. Who you kidding,
Rummy? Times up. It's time to retire. That's the deal for Rumsfeld. Time to retire. Idiot.
Nincompoop. Murderer butcher. And liar. 19 to 11 at 560 WQM is your company suffering from
regulations and increased labor costs. Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people
side of your business. Payroll administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human
resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover
to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing two day for a free evaluation.
Call 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 2 866 2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide,
Oasis outsourcing understands that the many facets of human resource management are pretty
complicated. Outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management
choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving all those operational details
to Oasis outsourcing. So let these folks make your business more profitable for a fee evaluation
column tool free 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 2 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Line and local. We're sports radio 560s. You a few a.m.
Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami.
In the day when no and the situation to but not calling and no baby.
No, maybe I don't move. I don't move. I'm ranging. I hit a somebody soon and a rock.
Right first freeze to the fact that you ain't want me. I suck. I suck.
Oh, man. I suck. I suck.
I suck.
1046 at 560. Tough facts is me. Breathlessly Paul and Ron. That's old Paul and ancient Ron will be
on big 106 starting Monday. They'll be reprised on Zeta a week from Monday. With the Lexington
Teresh show a show from Jacksonville. That's indicated that's on a mostly smaller market.
Some notes pick in Yahoo show. The Lexington Teresh show. On Zeta while Paul and Ron move over
to big 106 and believe you me their numbers ain't going to be so big. Trust me when I tell you.
Oh, our morning show problems are solved. There you go. Here's one that says my suggestion for the
Paul is I'm getting old and it sucks. Everything hurts. I like that. I'm getting old and it sucks.
Got that Josh. Got it. He's getting older too. He just celebrated his 10th birthday and they brought
my birthday cake made from duck and donuts. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
WQN. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. How about on your poll all of the above?
You know, it's your it said before we were like going over this pool this morning. He said what
about all the above? You know, just making fun of people like this guy there. No, no.
No, not all of the above. Okay. He a little bit more creative. I realized that it's quite a
demand that we put on the audience. It's a lot of stress. You can actually pick one. You know,
it's like sticking your finger in your nose when you got a bad cold. Just picking only one can be
difficult choice. But that's what we're asking you to do right now. Yeah. Just pick one. Nero it down please.
God. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Not there. WQAM. Hello.
Iraq. You love her. WQAM. Hello.
WQAM. Hello. The meal. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. Did you hear that general Boykin is partly responsible
for the second abuse at the Iraqi prison? Remember that guy who said last year, Staten was the
problem that Osama? Yeah, I know. Because I found on the internet I saw a scroll on the bottom
and see it in. He's responsible. He's probably responsible. He thinks this good Christian thing
sex abuses how you get information. But I'm not sure. WQAM. Hello. Hey, no, I don't. Okay.
I hate the fact that your show's become a soapbox. I'm sorry.
Hi, Valley. WQAM. Hello. Hey, I have a little information. Maybe a little joke to move
the pole. No, no, no, no, so we don't need information. We don't need jokes. We just want to
suggest you're going to pull this. I thought this would be easy. What's your name? Maybe we have no
complaints in South Florida. Life is paradise. It's a new year. What's not to like? It's paradise. So
there's a lot of liar general Myers, Richard Myers, another little compulsive, chronic liar.
WQAM line nine. A very favorite. Hello. Hey, Neal. How about nobody in Miami speaks English?
Nobody speaks English in Miami. An excellent choice, which will get many, many votes. I like it.
Nobody speaks English here. Got it, Josh? Good. Got it. Okay. What? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60. Now let me get to some of my stuff here because obviously these people are thinking
about this. Got a million calls, but I don't want to like overdo it right at, especially since we got
all of our people today, obviously, gathered around the radio. Oh, yeah. They're all gathered around.
Well, your girlfriend, leash gal, gal sex picks. This is in the York Post today. Can't wait.
Shocking shots of sex campaigns involving PFC, Lindy England were among the hundreds of
ex-rated photos and videos from the Abu-Grey prison scandal, shown to lawmakers in that top secret
capital conference. You missed it. There were over 1,600 photos and videos, by the way, if you're
counting. I am. She was having sex with numerous partners that appeared to be consensual
Settelamek who saw the photos. She's a gal with you. The video showed that when you stop,
she's trailer trash. What do you expect? Video showed that this great soldier making
made notorious in a photo showing her holding a leash looped around in Iraqi prisoners neck,
engaged in graphic sex acts with other soldiers in front of Iraqi prisoners. Pentagon official
told NBC nightly news. Almost everybody. This is my favorite line. Almost everybody was naked all
the time. Another lawmaker said, well, maybe it was hot in there. You know, right. It's a rack.
Many members of Congress left a 45 minute viewing session early there by missing the
porno performance by England, but there were enough other images of torture, humiliation,
and intimidation to sick and anyone. Senator Norm Coleman of Minnesota said it was pretty
disgusting. Not what you'd expect from Americans, he said. There was lots of sexual stuff,
not of the Iraqis, but of our troops. Not what you'd expect from Americans like sex and stuff.
Yeah. Senator Diane Feinstein, who also characterized the photos as disgusting,
agreed, noting it's hard to believe that this actually is taking place in a military facility.
The shocking photos and videos provided on computer disk by Pentagon official showed a
tacked dog snarling at cowering prisoners. Iraqi women forced to expose their breasts,
and naked prisoners tied together on the floor. Senators revealed as they merged from the heavily
guarded conference room, it was significantly worse than I expected. Said Senator Ron Widen of
Oregon, take the worst case and multiply it several times and then you get close. I don't know how
these people got into our armies. Said Senator Ben Nighthorse, Campbell of Colorado, who reported
saying several pictures of Iraqi women who were disturbed or put in putting their shirts up.
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York described the images as more detailed and more graphic than the
pictures that have been released publicly referring to the disturbing photos of Iraqi's being abused
with Al-Baghrae prison that surfaced two weeks ago. Normally I side my dislocations and openness,
but in this case these photos are evidence Schumer said, indicating he favors keeping the lid on
the alarming pictures as Vice President Cheney and John Warner have urged. Representative Jane
Harmon of California, ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said she was most
appalled by a video of a handcuffed prisoner beating his head against the wall with an apparent
bid to knock himself unconscious to escape the abuse. In another video clip she said,
a group of men were shown masturbating. Before the pictures of England's sex roms were shown to
Congress, the 21-year-old reservist from West Virginia tried to portray herself as a reluctant
participant who was just following orders. Before we saw all this orgy going on with this bitch,
I didn't really, I mean, want to be in any pictures England told Identity V Station,
I was instructed by persons at higher rank to stand there, hold this lease, look at the camera,
and they took pictures for siaops she told KCNC. She acknowledged it was kind of weird to him when
she was photographed smiling with a cigarette in her mouth as she leaned forward and pointed at the
genitals of a naked hooded Iraqi at Abu Ghrae prison, England was refused to identify who gave her
the order, saying that they only came from persons in my chain of command. Don't ever give an order
like that again. That's what Al-Puccino said. England faces a military court martial that includes
charges such as conspiracy to military prisoners, assault consummated by a battery, I didn't
realize she had batteries in there. She could face punishment raging from a reprimandum more than
15 years in prison. You're a close, personal good buddy, Linda England. Wow, I won't be long
before she'll be on a jury of spingers, you'll get her in damn T of that. Can't wait. 567-0560-050560 on the AT&T
in Horizon Wireless Lone. What's your number one complaint? So far we've got, and we've also got
that. WQA, hello. QA, hello. Hola. Hola. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm fine. I wanted to add to your poll.
Right in. So wherever it comes to Miami, they have to learn Spanish.
That's your number one complaint? Yes. I see. Okay, get some help, pal. Call us back when it
lets you out. And we'll help you off that bunk bed off the top bunk. 567-0560-050560 off the AT&T
in Horizon Wireless Lone. WQA, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a born complaint with Gay George.
WQA, hello. She was smoking? WQA, evidently. WQA, hello.
The number of companies, if you don't speak either Spanish or English, you can't get anywhere in Miami.
There you go. There's a guy that's got to stomach right on. Very well said.
That was the best call we've had in at least five, ten years. I would say maybe.
My third man. Yes.
Fine. What do you see? I told you this was going to be great. You didn't believe it.
I could already, I could feel it. I could smell it. Right. I took three years in the
Egrishin High School. WQA, hello. Good morning. Good morning, sir.
My complaint is being told that I live under the best political system and the best medical system
in the world. I'm not buying it. Okay. He's not buying it. We're not selling it and he ain't buying it.
I don't know what we, what do we want to put down? I think for him? No, no, just get some help.
Bad. WQA, hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. My biggest complaint is you hang up on what
is the matter? WQA, hello. Oh, good morning, Neil. Good morning, sir.
I got something for your poll. Yeah. Corruptus cops and traffic. Corruptus cops and traffic.
Okay. There's no stop and think about that one. Okay. Corruptus cops. Right.
The Roman Emperor there. Corruptus copus. Corruptus and his brother, biggest,
niggas. Careful. He needs to be the sheriff in Brown, biggest niggas.
Hello. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. My biggest complaint is that the election fairy shows coming.
Do you know who they are? Yeah. They're up in West Palm Beach on 94.3.
In. They suck. Oh, I know. I think. Yes. What happened? Have any go away? You still there?
I get some. What in that drink and get some drunk. Okay.
I have no idea what he said, but I'm sure it was great.
Lexington, they're already on in Palm Beach and evidently they really blow.
Ice going to our chief channel is once again, they continue put on all these pre-fabricated
shows that are on 85,000 different markets, amusing and entertaining. Absolutely nobody.
That's their response. That's their fill in the gap is just shuffling from this point over to
another point. Roll, ball and young Ron with everybody else's material, but all that stale crap
they put on a year. They're shuffling them over there to big and put this syndicated bunch of
losers on here on Zeta. Nice going, Petty Bulger. Nice going, David Ross. And by the way,
too bad about that Lower Amazing at the thing that popped in his head. You know, it's you that?
No, what thing? Oh yeah, he had like a, uh, aneurysm or something. He's got to live though,
unfortunately. Yeah, damn it. Law remade is from Clear Channel from the real Nazis of the radio.
1056 at 560 WQMH Racing Fans this Saturday, May 15th,
Pompadoparco features somal casting of the 1209th running of the pre-tunist dates from
Pemlico Racecourse in Maryland, which is where the Humber, the Hebrew Hammer is at right now by the way.
You can watch and wager on the second leg of the triple crown right at Pompadoparco this
Saturday. In fact, there'll be early bird wagering on a pre-tunist starting at 1 o'clock tomorrow.
And for both days, Pompadoparco will have free past performance pages for the pre-tunist field.
And then Saturday, Pompadoparco opens extra early with its new Audit Kanid buffet on the fourth
slower starting at 430, just a half mile from both I-95 in the turn. Pike Pompadoparco is easy to
get to. And best of all, they offer you free admission and free general parking every day. So what's
not to like? Live Harness Racing in the Polk Room open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday,
Polkers starts at noon, goes on to midnight, live racing gets underway Wednesday Friday and Saturday,
7.25 p.m. new post time. Pompadoparco is also open seven days and nights of week featuring the
best in Harness, Thurberd Highlight, Simulcasting from all across North America for you to watch
and plunge your guts on. Pompadoparco blocks South of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the
current race schedule called 954-972-2000 or go online at Pompadoparco.com. Don't forget,
watch and plunge on a pre-knist this weekend at Pompadoparco.
I'm on your hands and ears and lick my boots.
I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands and I'm on my hands
and I'm on my hands and I'm up and down my head and on my head look down my head look down my head look down my head look down my head
Quick you're an American now, stop making mistakes.
You know about us, be English.
Remember.
Lebanon could have 560 W.D.
Come on, why wouldn't they put Bob and Tom on in the morning
on one of those stations?
I don't know.
It would make sense.
They make too much sense.
They're too entertaining.
They do too bit of a show.
I mean, I don't get that.
Anyway, number one complaint says J.R.
Traffic in Miami.
Yeah.
Traffic.
South Florida drivers.
Let's put it that way.
South Florida drivers.
Got a charge?
Good.
Good job.
Here's the fact that says, good morning, Neil.
Did you get a chance to watch the curl burn out show yesterday?
No.
No, I did not.
I thought it was great and brought back a lot of memories.
Thank you and have a great day.
And then it says, oh, right, right.
I don't watch the curl burn out show last night for probably one reason
in particular is when it was on originally like 100 years ago.
I didn't watch it then either.
I didn't like to watch the curl burn out show yesterday.
No.
No, I did not.
I thought it was great and brought back a lot of memories.
Thank you and have a great day.
And then it says, oh, right, right.
I didn't watch the curl burn out show last night for probably one reason
in particular is when it was on originally like 100 years ago.
I didn't watch it then either.
I didn't like the curl burn out show.
Oh, no, you can't say that.
You can't say that.
I mean, I don't know.
She's okay.
And she does that thing with a Harvey Corman, not a big fan.
I can't stand Vicky Lawrence.
So why would I watch it last night?
In addition to it was even if I did watch it many, many years ago.
Why would I want to turn it on last night?
And then see all these people who just celebrated their 88th birthday.
You know, we're eating wheatina and like dribbling down their chin.
I don't want to see that.
It's like when a wheelbarke Kate Smith and that wheel chair is here.
It's like a little vegetable in a wheelchair that one time.
Oh, it was so sad.
Why did they do that?
Is that what it is?
So I didn't watch curl burn out, but I sure hope you enjoyed it.
And I'm glad it helped improve your life.
Let's see.
Rumsfeld's over there along with these other fakers.
They're lying through their teeth general.
Myers only said this.
Buh, buh, buh.
Trying to say a big dog and pony show to try to cover up all of this crap.
And speaking of that, it's really interesting.
Now, who do you believe?
Okay.
You've got two directly conflicting reports about the Nick Berg,
who was beheaded by the barbarian al-Qaeda.
I thought we got rid of al-Qaeda.
It's never where we've been told.
It didn't get into the job though.
They should have accomplished.
And I thought also they said that Al-Zakari,
that it wasn't his voice on the tape yesterday,
and then it come to, oh yeah, it was him.
That's not.
Yes, it is.
Yeah, that's not.
Yes, maybe.
Oh, here's the very disturbing fact.
Is where can I get spinning on the axis of evil?
I went to Barnes and nobody yesterday.
They don't have it.
You think borders might.
Well, they might.
I know Amazon probably might.
Well, that's definitely where you'll find it.
Amazon.com or what's the other one?
Amazon.com.
Yeah.
And you'll have it in a couple of days.
I would go online and get it instead of running all over town.
When you got gas, it's 20 bucks a gallon.
I wouldn't be wasting all that money.
It's a great book.
You definitely must read it,
spinning on the axis of evil.
The author is Scott Taylor.
Anyway, getting back to Nick Berg,
says the killing of Nick Berg,
the American telephone engineer,
be hit by Islamic Brawlistan Center,
a Ractrigger, a political storm last night,
as the murdered man's father
blamed the Bush administration
for the circumstances that led to his death.
I should point out right up front that Nick Berg voted for,
but who's a Bush supporter?
Okay.
Okay.
The kid.
Right.
Michael Berg, and about a opponent of the war in Iraq,
said his son might still be alive
if the US military had not taken him into custody
for 13 days in late March.
And the brother, Nick Berg's brother,
says he's got a whole series of emails
that they emailed back and forth.
So they've got evidence.
I mean, there's no question about it
that the US military had him in custody.
Mr. Berg said he believed that if the 26-year-old
had not been detained so long,
he might have been able to leave the country
about conditions were more stable.
Nick Berg had traveled to Iraq as a freelance telecommunications
on a Pernour intending to help rebuild communications antennas,
but was detained by Iraqi police at a checkpoint in Mosul
and made confusion as to what he was doing in the area.
He was later passed on to the US military,
who finally, now here's the most important part of this,
who finally freed him after his parents sued
the federal government for his release on April 5th.
Mr. Berg said his son had been held without an attorney
was not allowed to make telephone calls.
You ready for that?
Yeah.
Typical.
Part of the course.
Oh, no.
Of course, the government, oh no, we offered him a plane ride home.
We offered him a nice board home.
Right.
We didn't have him in custody.
We didn't have him.
We didn't force him to stay there.
I didn't know no guy, Fada.
Now, if that's the case, then how come they sued the federal government
and Rumsfeld himself for his release on April 5th?
They had to go to court to get them to release him.
Shut up.
They were just hanging on to him,
just like they do everybody else.
So, don't ask any questions and forget about the Geneva Convention
and forget about attorneys and all this other crap, okay?
And this is an American citizen, no less, who's now dead.
Not even a raghead American citizen or a spick American citizen.
Exactly.
Kind of a no-head American citizen.
Well, I mean, you said it.
I mean, I was bad.
You're responsible for that.
I saw where you were going with that.
That's bad.
This is going to be making Iqabad crane jokes.
I mean, this is not a joking matter, okay?
Although I do notice that when Daniel Pearl did the same thing with him.
Mm-hmm.
And how come they didn't make a big tennis about it as much?
They didn't care about it all that much.
Because it wasn't at the time when all these other revelations were coming out when people could say,
Oh, you see how much more barbaric they are than we are?
It wasn't a convenient comeback.
Right.
Oh, look at this.
See, they're much more barbaric.
But the bottom line is when somebody kills innocent people, they're still dead.
In fact, the father said that he was, if anything,
a rather would have had him die the way he did because it's quick and relatively painless
as opposed to long and excruciating torture in all this other crap.
Not to mention, of course, all the thousands and thousands of innocent men,
who were in children over there, who have been dying since we started all the bombing in the shock and awe,
in the hospitals a long torture was painful death with all the strep-nell in their brain,
and of course, little Ali who's got the four artificial limbs, etc., and so on,
and chemical Ali who he killed not only once, but twice, etc., and so on.
Well, that'll teach them to attack.
I mean, they just keep lying and lying and lying and the public is the...
But I don't like that.
Although, the latest CBS poll shows that El Presidente is approval rating now,
keeps dropping like a rock. It's down to 44 percent, like a rock.
So you don't think maybe that's why they're putting on this dog and pony showing back that, do you?
You think that might be it? Yeah.
Or it might just be a coincidence.
WQM, hello.
Yes, hello. My complaint is I have a really small hack.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, I know it's Lou.
Yes, Lou.
I wanted to put something on the poll.
Go ahead.
Okay, I don't know if it's fine.
Do you want to know you Lou?
No, you don't.
Oh, just funny the way you said that.
Like we know you want to show it.
Well, because everybody calls, nobody says hi.
People just want to give you something for the poll.
Right, well, at least you're being sociable. That's good.
Okay, although unacceptable in South Florida.
Exactly.
But what you bring to the next point, which is the herald.
The herald should be on that poll.
Okay.
The crappy herald.
The good point.
Excellent choice.
And one more thing.
You know, what's funny is the hypocrisy of all these people they're saying.
Or the Americans don't act like that.
That's not the Americans we know.
You know, I think they're wrong.
And I think they should watch Jerry Spurn who's now a Stern.
Or what's the...
Well, I think what they should do is next time there's a documentary on the Vietnam War.
And look at what we did in the line.
All the innocent people that we not only put you in, but I mean took body parts of souvenirs.
They ought to take a look at that.
Exactly.
Thanks, Sally.
God bless you.
Bye.
Got it?
My my herald.
Got it.
Even the fish jump right out of your hand when you try to wrap them in the herald.
Piece of crap.
And let me say it again, Howard Cohen.
You made me fool in somebody else.
And we know you won't make any correction or retraction.
But who the hell are you people kidding?
Okay, big 106.
Doesn't lose any listers with the loss of the shock-jock and all this other crap.
You would know a shock-jock of he stuck his foot right up your ass.
Correct him.
Okay, Howard Cohen at the Miami herald.
You idiot.
You simple to knew.
He's probably like, you know, it's another 17 year old stringer.
You won't think it is discovered with these newspapers.
And they don't like having like real adults.
And they may have like three or four months to have.
They cost money.
Yeah, they had like a bunch of kids that worked like they get paid per piece.
You know, kind of like Kathy Willards.
They get paid per piece.
They're like they're just stringers.
That's all.
And you'll notice that one day they're like, who is it the other guy?
The Glenn not Glenn Garvin.
Who is it that preceded him?
Ken Kevin Bastard.
What happened to him?
Well, that's right.
Now he's a sports flunky.
Now he writes about baseball.
He was the previous herald TV radio guy before this Glenn Garvin guy.
And he didn't know his ass from the speaker in his radio either.
Kevin Bastard.
So all of a sudden, just like the broad day years ago, what that was her name that turned to the religion writer?
Oh, Linda.
No, no, no, no.
Not Linda.
No.
That one day she was the radio.
Pat Curry.
Pat Curry.
In fact, I think somewhere wouldn't surprise me if I had that call on here.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
This is Pat Curry with a son sentinel.
Hi, Pat.
How are you?
Okay, Pat.
It's Pat.
I was calling to invite you.
How come you sound so friendly, Pat?
I'm a friendly kind of person.
I thought you had to return my phone.
I thought you had never get any messages to return your calls.
How come you-
No, no, no, no.
Now, my family told me that you had my message in your hand and you threw it in his face.
What in the hell was that?
That was about the last lawsuit.
What do you mean, last lawsuit?
Yeah, the one that's in federal court.
You mean that crap about that-
The boys with that P.W. record?
Yeah, that's-
That's-
Much to do about nothing crap.
I've spent a whole article about that nobody gives a crap about that's embarrassing and stupid.
Listen, I was calling to invite you to the Yellow Fathers Show tomorrow night.
To what?
You don't know what the Yellow Fathers show?
I have no idea what that is.
No, any attention since I'll be at Poplar Park tomorrow night.
The press corps in Broward County puts the show on every year to lamp in local politicians.
Yeah.
And Maronite Bailey Hall and Dave-
Well, who cares?
Well, we're seeing-
I don't understand-
I don't understand why somebody who's so bald facetly erips this radio station every opportunity she gets.
And even when we had the hurricane had to go out of your way to write a little extra shot in about how great it was that the Chuck Meyer was on with the hurricane coverage.
And we got a rest from Neil Rogers and Rick and Suds and now calls and sucking around acting like a friend of ours.
Well, you wouldn't know a radio if it crawled up inside your filthy disgusting body pad and you write a column about radio in the newspaper.
And you're calling here sucking around with me like a friend and you wonder why wouldn't we turn your calls?
Hmm.
You know, I detect some negative energy.
No, you don't detect negative energy.
You detect a hatred, a disgust, a nausea, a-
I was feeling so great when I came in today.
I hear this Pat Curry calling from the Sun Sentinel that hates me like poison and is sucking around on a year.
Well, listen, if you'd like to come to the show, I'll hold you back.
I'm not coming to the show.
I wouldn't come to the show if you paid me a million dollars a minute.
How do you like that?
Well, it was an invitation.
It was offered and good.
Call up the light bulb.
Okay, that'll probably invite you on the air again to fill some of that empty time you disgusting bitch.
I think it was Pat Curry.
1113 at 560 WQM VUM is TV, but it's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver.
The picture is so sensational compared to regular TV.
It's like comparing to latest DVD to your old wedding video.
VUM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV.
It's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience, including the satellite dish.
HD receiver and the remote.
And VUM's got over 30 channels of HD programming.
You can watch ESPN and high definition.
That's three times more than you get from cable.
And they have all your other favorite channels like HBO, MTV, even our local channels, two such as they are.
VUM's got over 120 channels of great entertainment.
VUM's even got exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports.
That you can't get from your cable or satellite company.
So with VUM, you get everything you get now plus all these awesome high definition channels.
Call VUM today for limited time special offer.
Call 1-866-848-8666.
Here's the deal.
Free installation, no upfront cost and no long-term commitment.
So call 1-866-848-8666 or check them online at VUM.com to start VUMing today and do it right away because the offer ends May 31.
My life and love all this is 420-560.
Way to A.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
they got lots of activity there like the pretty knight Majon and paladin and the races not to mention the food all the food
let me tell you know where but the Hebrew Homebody agent in Rivendale we have find soft dead Jello not the kinda turns the rubble
but I it's almost like it was prepared by Dong Wilson himself and they got them a mobile turlits on wheels too
the Hebrew Homebody agent in Rivendale the nice place to send your folks and forget about it
It's 1119 at 560 WQM. You know what they're doing over there now in Baghdad?
This is a comedy show, variety show, piparelli, and Yacht Fest is what it is.
They're yucking it up.
All right.
393 votes on a pool. What's your number one complaint?
Let's add on there the child support system for Stuttering Gule in the homestead.
Got it?
Okay. The child support system. He says lots of money, not enough quality time with my kids.
Every other weekend's not enough time to spend with my kid.
I got a message from end going through divorce with kids.
Keeper to keeper is what Stuttering Gule in homestead is.
Probably now we know why he's Stuttering so much.
I know, I know Gule.
Bush is destroying America. 232. That's their number one complaint so far, not even close.
I'm not getting enough sex 60. I'm as fat as a cow and can't lose weight.
But third man.
Oh boy. My wife isn't bisexual 25. That was George's lament.
I'm getting older and it sucks 22. Nobody speaks English in my mean of speaking in English.
I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I
I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18. I'm 18.
amusing yeah all right no problem thanks pal I have a birthday she died yeah
cancer no yes you're just making that just to cheer you up Brad had curry died pretty sure
right right yeah what do you mean you heard it a long time ago yeah yeah well it's double
check it all right fine just in case five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
ATM T and Verizon Marlos lunch he was a nasty bitch w.c.w.a.m. Hello
hey good morning yes sir I had a little answer question how hard is it to get the tape of Nick
Berg without an edit uncut my why do you want to see it yeah for giggles uh-huh
giggle this two better wasn't you tell me to q.a.m. hello
yes sir yes sir I have the injustice of America with the money what does that mean
that's right now don't don't push him too far I mean he blurted out a few words there and then
I asked him like to explain it and of course that was a little bit too much sir let me just
make a suggestion to you I mean do what you like but if you want justice there's only one place
don't call your own that's right that's the only place you gotta get justice you weren't going to get
in America five six seven oh five sixty oh and you know there's another scene in Godfather 3 that
is just so ridiculous just before Michael has his wild diabetic car stroke in a kitchen there
and let me just tell you nearly is at the table and Connie and Vincent and Michael are the four
people in the kitchen there's nobody else around and Vincent makes some whatever the hell he's
talking about I don't know and and Michael grabs it says don't ever let anybody know what you're
thinking right which is supposed to be like reprise in the line when Saluzzo was offering for them
to come into the drug business and Santino blurt's out oh you mean to tell me that the tally is
are going to get with the our uh you know our investment right and then later on after Saluzzo
was stalking out of their Marlon Brando's is what's the matter with you I think you make plans to
much comedy with a young girl that's with the original line was don't ever let anybody outside the
family know what you're thinking again right so here's this line in the kitchen no wonder
uh outputs you know how to bad stroke after saying a bad line like that I don't blame well deserved
WDQAM hello still my guess sir complete is that old java free man that is an excellent choice sir
and I concur heartedly thank you oh j is still free hale luya that's going to need a lot of votes
because we hate oh j like poison the only people who like oh j are idiots like uh scruane and
philis and people like that a qm jox niffers giri sarner is he back by the way from his uh prevails
i ain't sign them huh the word i'm here it is that his plane might just have a little bit of a problem
up there yeah and i'm just i'm just conjuring it up in my mind in fact i got a whole room full of
candles and uh yeah i'm serious and uh sacrifice chickens i got an evil spell i'm putting on that
piece of turd very certain he may he may stodd reckler almost human don't say anything hasty now
i wonder just who's going to be at that the party i want a full report tomorrow morning
all right all right names on my arm yeah right bunch of names on your arm let's have a
momentum of the qm ratings party tonight i'll take a take all be there patting each other on him
oh great job ray parry great job right man in many battle i was sure couldn't have without you
especially those midget sports shows that you do man the best
but a qm hello hello nioh yes how do i learn to you buddy beautiful sunny and uh about eighty two today
oh nice hey um real quick you guys talk about lexandteri i personally don't listen to them because
they're up against bob and tom up here are they related to like dysentery no but you know
what that better the guy was wrong they you know they they they have a decent show they're very
funny they're very popular and they're going to be a hell of a lot better than uh run and uh
oh cool yeah i mean it run show is his whole show was dedicated to the women and the setting up
of the dates and you know it just it got so lame after the years i haven't listened to him in a long
long time uh you know you was talking about uh john terry and you know saying where is he and he's
not a very strong candidate and i actually have a theory as to why it is that you're not hearing
a lot first of all i think that he realizes that there's so much going on today uh with the
bush administration that why not just sit back and let them hang themselves more and more
and second of all it now you see that that's not the way it works like in a boxing room when your
pawn starts staggering that's when you got to move in for the kill and he's not doing it
you know i have to stay in the lima and when you let somebody back up off the ropes you know what very
often happens don't you true but you're you're also talking about that the election is still
considerably a long ways off it's in november it's months and exactly now in six months you
got to look at how much money each candidate has the conference that bush has is pretty much
stowing over with money terry has to be very precise with the money that he spends because he
only has a fraction of what bush bush has so for him to come out and spend it all now
i'm not expecting to spend all the money on advertising right now i'm just saying when he gets
the photo ops and when he's making these speeches he's been to me very very weak very
indecisive he's not laying out an alternative for iraq and he's going to have to do that
okay they were talking last one of the shows about the fact that natu is drawn five to seven
percent in a lot of these states because he's the only real anti-war candidate right now and
carry's gonna have to like start sucking around to his position a little bit more because he's
just the two two meamy mouth i i really think that he'll probably start to pick it in high gear
probably about three months from the election because like i said i and i do agree with you as far
as him not being a real strong candidate but i'm sure that that's curious me no i understand that
and i'll tell you what this whole Ralph Nader thing i mean that's just disgusting because that man
he sees what the condition of this country is and he knows exactly what he's gonna need
to go jackass what can i tell you but in the meantime with everything that's going on
carry should be so far ahead that the nader factor shouldn't even make any difference and have a great
day thanks twenty seven after eleven at five sixty w two and you know buying a manchress can be
very confusing so many brands different model names that are restored almost impossible to
compare plus all those phony sales for a phony promises with strings attached you really have to
be defined print and what's going on which is why dial amatris is so amazing it's the easiest
possible way to buy a mattress when you call one eight hundred mattress you get the best prices
on the best brands would live beyond your schedule and the best customer service in the business
why would you want to shop anywhere else dial amatris won the two thousand four better business
bureau local torch award for excellence because they were harder than anybody else anywhere to earn
your business before during an after the sale to when you call one eight hundred mattress and talk
to one of their expert betting consultants you can rest this year that you're getting the best
possible possible deal and best mattress anywhere in fact they got all the top names in a
business they got silly sirda Simmons King Coral temperedic Stearns and Foster two the
automatic takes same the orders all day long from kettle to steward palm beach to Ford Myers from
O just to aliquipa call one eight hundred mattress right now and pick the date into our
delivery window when you want your mattress delivered and guess what they'll be there they're on
time record of ninety nine point seven percent is positively unbelievable I've been never
satisfied dial amatris customer for years and you will be two once you make that easy call the
first time you'd never think of item at present the other way call one eight hundred mattress that's
one eight hundred mattress along on their website mattress dot com dial amatris one eight hundred
m-a-t-t-r-e-s the easiest possible way to get to a great night's
five
and look off this is five city
the radio is all yours
you win
let's up you some more prisoners make then scream nice loud
get me some was an of that trip
pack
i don't care if they
from my rack to be used you choose to the torture
cause they're just playing their game in the past
it had to be worse with sedhama who say
eleven thirty one at five sixty w kuy we got the mad they'll come in a two today
four o'clock you got the hopper from Baltimore from the preekness
seven o'clock it's uh... the crow little half our pregame show there for the
crow what do you know crow marlon's on deck at seven thirty for the pregame show
and in the eight oh five marlon's at the asteristh
any came from vagus tonight following a marlin baseball
here's the fact that says my biggest complaint is that mohawai david is stealing oxygen
from your from us humans that miserable
this is what it says can't read that word
and anyway how about let's put mohawai david is still on the air
okay thank
why not yeah mohawai david is still on the air
that'll get some votes don't forget join wqm in the real yellow pages from bell
sound today noon till one at card tronics
that's at one thirty nine eighty one south dixie highway stop by to win mar that's
a pick up it just has to pick up i guess you don't have to spin the view or nothing
there it's a pick up when it that's come up
pick up some marlin astro tickets and keens baseball tickets at starting
at noon at card tronics in my meet one thirty nine eighty one south dixie highway
i bet you make yelts going to be in on that thing
must be or somewhere maybe or someone or someone maybe uh... durin will come
back until but we're praying not and then join the big at four today four to
six at the new seminal hard rock casino in hollywood stop by to spin that
field my win some prizes that's at the new seminal hard rock casino with the
big four four to six this afternoon
this is quite a story here but from the gainsville sun
you know buts about it poster leads to jail
they say one man's trash is not a man's treasure but in the case of a poster
designed by a local anti-war demonstrator one man's political statement is
another man's pornography says the gainsville sun
the poster in question which lighted the demonstrator in jail for night is about
five feet wide four feet high features an underscript drawing of a human form
with its head buried in the sand
they presumably male figures on his knees with his rear in the air and protruding
from his raised behind as a flagpole flying a building building
american flag above the figure are written the words bush loyalists
along the bottom is written question authority the designer of the poster 56
year old Charles chas kiotto of high springs says he intended no harm or offense
when decided to create the poster he said it was simply exercising his right
to free speech free speech what's that you nuts
people i know who i think are reasonable people i don't think whatever
considerate of senior pornographic sick here to a local activist in Vietnam
veteran but gainsville police sergeant robber coder thought differently when he
saw the poster raised toothy afternoon a busy intersection of university
app and northwest thirteenth street in gainsville
cova said he had spoken with ciotto about his sign on previous occasion about two
months ago warned him that the poster was obscene and illegal when coder
approach ciotto on toothy had get warned him that his sign was illegal and he
would have to lower it or go to jail he didn't even have to walk away he just had
to put the sign away coder said but coder said ciotto refused several times
to put his sign away and so he arrested him and transported him to the
elantua county jail coder said he saw children
passing cars glance at the poster leading him to charge ciotto with exposing
minors to obscene material according to the police report what a bunch of red
necks as you know we don't have a problem with people exercising their
constitutional rights
corporal art actin said but if there's a festive material that can be viewed by
child we're going to take action on it ciotto's lawyer gainsville criminal
offensive attorney Jeffrey Mason no kind of peri said he's competent to poster
was solely a political statement will not be ruled obscene
though no one of the state attorney's office could be breached for common Mason said he doesn't
expect ciotto to be prosecuted he has a first to remember right to do what he did and it wasn't
obscene said Mason who's defending ciotto on behalf of the
gainsville chapter the national lawyers guild members the local chapter the aclu
are not pleased with ciotto's arrest and said they'll discuss the case that they're meeting
which was yesterday and hopefully they're on it we would most likely see this as an
infringement on the right to speak freely and criticize the government the way that this
person saw fit said mark me feel no relation to Curtis vice chairman of the local aclu
having seen the poster many times i can't understand how that possibly could be deemed
obscene on a personal level here the cities received a few complaints about his somebody said
most people applaud him at a protest in Washington DC here to set hundreds of people wanted a picture
with the sign i get all kinds of people blowing their horns give me the thumbs up he said a
kiotto said that once his case is resolved he'll be right back out on street corners waving a
sign probably i'm planning on making a bunch of them he said i've got to it's my duty nice go
on air baby you do it you go try it chas right right on right five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18 teen for rise in wireless line what's your number one complaint and so
far bushes destroying america and people are pissed off and fired up about it wqa m hello
qa m hey you know i do pretty good a couple things the first for the poll i don't know if you
guys get it i left a little bit corrupt college education okay politicians canelo from png
gay and all them second thing is i don't know about you but i was like really disappointed last
i saw bill i mean it was like i watched it a long time i don't watch it really no it really got
disappointing man wrong plan i didn't watch it then between that and missing the curl burn at you i
feel like my life is on the floor all right good thanks for the news pali say hi to what's his name
again see i don't even know what his name is anymore from small though i don't know don't tell me
okay super big car can't no seriously i can't think of what his name is the actor anywhere which
goes to show you out of sight out of mind he's fine he's okay and lay on us he's all right he's
all right i mean she ain't no uh linda england all right but then who is exactly uh that's bad that
i can't think of his name it goes to show him that my radio all the time is kicking it again
times with small and rhyming on it as he made you give it away that's not good that's not good
tom wellings got a swelling you can't say that anymore and i hear it's on his back though that's
what i'm hearing five six seven oh five sixty pound five see if he wouldn't have given me the clue
i would never even thought about it out of sight out of mind right he's just small potatoes
small vil potatoes especially for a guy that big with size 16 feet very cute hello
i think we ought to have a chat with ron today you know it
ron night see him on do it oh we can't that's because mama cita is sitting back there grabbing a
phone and slamming it down i was just gonna have a chat and tell him that when look at brats he
comes to the house and beats him over the head with a baseball bat we sure hope you know
there's no sense there's no feeling ron don't take it personal
come to qa and hello i beg his complaint the humidity
the humidity okay it's kind of boring but we'll put it on there it's too humid
too humid huh oh yet so humid yeah oh he's right people who are stuck there in the summertime
they can't stand it now like it's 82 or three here today but today we're all human let me take
a puket the weather thing here in case castren overs listen he's very big on the Toronto weather
he means over whether she's 22 it's 72 right now but it's gonna be all the way up to 29 which is
like 84 85 i think somebody you're gonna be pretty hot today uh no chance of rain the uv
at x is nine point very high i mean bright sun out of cloud in the sky in fact there's a smog
advisory i'm so glad you asked and that bad smog yeah smog advisory when it gets hot and a little
bit on the human side and see haze it's a little hazy out there it looks like a purple haze
current temperature 22 is it ever gonna tell us what the humidity is on here is this thing
just gonna go bap bap bap bap human x 28 so it's pretty on the human side now why did i get into that
for fun for Paul catch from no seriously why don't oh for catch the over in case he's listening
well because the other person asked me what the weather is like here it's beautiful it's great
and the best part it is it ain't Florida all right it ain't gainsville it ain't Yahooville they
don't feel all in mugwomps in florida there ain't nothing wrong with Florida just the people it needs
a people transplant i've been telling you that for many years people transplant time bring in bus
loads and take all bunch of bus loads of people out take all the old Jews the old sticks and get
them out when and i'll bring in some living and breathing people who don't give a crap about is
we or speak in spanish then we might have something there see what i'm saying yeah and by the way
you're at it stick oj in the back of the bus not because he's black but just because that way
he'll keep more from everybody on oh man 20 till noon at q a m when you shop for quality footwear
there's one name that immediately pops just like that right in your mind it's brandy shoes
in pompano because it brandy's for years and years now they've offered you the largest selection
of both men's and women's shoes the best service and the best prices in town period at brandy's
they got top quality names not off brands you never heard of before but they've got rock port
floor shine s a s spirit timberland naturalizer and lots more whether humongous selection you can
just about that dafflin's he's life on it that exactly the style is you're looking for his in
stock right now in your size ready to slap on yours or duff's feet in fact people on when
keep coming back to brandy's year after year but they usually buy several pair on each visit brandy's
open daily nine to nine sundays ten to five you'll find them at twelve ninety north federal highway
in pompano beats and always worth the trip because they're going to save you so much cash and they
got what exactly what you're looking for waiting for you right now all this wicked brandy's it's a
great time to buy unbeatable new balance shoes in fact you know something i think i need a new pair
of my new balance okay i'm just telling you right now we're coming we have to go anymore okay
who don't have them i don't think they're on with us anymore but brandy sells new balance shoes
are you following this now i'm not it man you better get with it mister because you sure i got
your nose out of joint all great but you sure got a joint and the john swans to share it all great
men's and women styles twenty percent off on new balances we get brandy so come into the store for
sure or visit them on the web at brandy shoes dot com
we're sports radio five six uh you a m
if you blow too much you're in trouble
voices for this week's episode were recorded in metathome
march i'm home i want a survey sir hope i mean
here sorry for me but there is no more beer in the refrigerator so stop the refrigerator
i can't bad don't have a calming part why can't you be more nice like your sister Lisa
uh
Lisa honey we can afford a pony
more more Lisa don't your know your little donkey is called a barito
to them actually when all the Simpson voices will be outsourced to India
smithers who is being that man in sector c
oh that is being homal zips that this is being a killing
do they say something about how about a little ass i thought they said that
eleven forty six fourteen till noon at five sixty w two much your number one complaint
bushes destroying america two hundred and ninety i'm not getting enough sex seventy
i'm fantasy account and can't lose weight
thirty eight my wife isn't bisexual thirty one i'm getting older and at six twenty nine
nobody speaks english in my mini nineteen my boss is a
whole twelve south florida drivers eleven i live in florida six
mohawar david had still on the years got three how do you like that absolutely the mommy
heroes got one child support system one none yet for oj is still free or it's too freaking
humid here out of five hundred eleven votes time faxes in and says
meaning in regard to your girlfriend linda england yes eleven worth is too good for that bitch
even with hard labor she needs to be sent to cybe barrier even better send it to any south american
jail all of guards do in osuels keep the prisoners inside the walls i see only one way she can
save herself and it's the rat on the higher ups that she claims order to do all these things all
okay time to rat him out when it out do it lindy you notice how coy she was being about
the well the people on the higher up chain of authority people higher in the food chain which
of course in her case would be just about anybody mollusks local priest on leave an online child sex
probe speaking to the food chain the pastor of saint charles but a male catholic church in
lomo portell california is taken a leap of absence after federal and local thirty search the
serve the search warrant may six the church orfaces as part of an investigation into sexual exploitation
of children on the internet authority said father giri hulty announced he's leave after agents
from the u.s. bureau of immigration and customs enforcement and send to eagle pulleys serve the
warrant and sees computers and files from the parish office there have been no arrest and no charges
filed that the investigation is ongoing since and eagle police sergeant david jones who supervises
the department's task force on internet crimes against chillin the search warrant remained sealed
rato rego val devia chancellor for the roman catholic diocese santiago said in the stagus that
val devia said in the statement that both the diocese and the parish are cooperating with the
investigators said hulty and voluntarily accepted the leave the diocese later held an act new news
conference in the pastoral center but shed little light on the situation saying we know very little
the chancellor confirmed that the pornographic material that authorities were searching for
includes images of minors adding this was a total surprise to us perisher academy been harmed
val devia said saying that the appreached did not have a role to school uh hulty is left
lima portals perish residents and as in an undisclosed location val devia said he's reportedly
retained legal counsel but could not be immediately reached for comment can't imagine why isn't
undisclosed location maybe we'll ask father gagan sources with the department of homeland security
in washington the cc agents were looking at the cc's computers' relevance of child pornographer
pornography kiddie porn these sources also said the program involved about 30 people
about third man and santiago i wonder how many more priests of those 30 people about third man
but another isolated incident let's say here's a fact from chip who says my brothers who
republican bush love and fascist i bet i'm not alone and what is rush isn't also spelled fascist
hey it says what is a rush isn't it also spelled fascist i don't ask me i don't know
ain't got no idea five six seven oh five sixty guess chip is just kind of losing it he's looking
around with things and saying uh oh sky is falling line nine wdqm hello nil yes sir if you need
for your poll the mosquitoes are the size of seven forty seven already i got sitting four times
oh watch out for that was now it's vile exactly and it'll make you lose vile
all right have a good way talking about you'll feel like you okay uh what do you say the mosquitoes
skaters giant mosquitoes see that's why people bail out of florida and of course
George was telling me yesterday that there's no traffic no more because there ain't anybody there
i mean they have bail anybody it's going to bail by now you think right oh yeah because it's may
uh thirteen and they start right around eight Easter Passover time i tell you this here
be your number right they start at that point and then each week as it gets a little hotter and
a little bit hotter and a little more humid and a little more insurmable and as the mosquitoes go
to the size first of it uh great fruits and come quats and the size of bowling balls and then
of course as the humidity gets up to like 110 percent that's when people start saying let me out
of here please and then the only people left there are the people who just have no choice
like George and Josh on my one's just go to Vegas tomorrow are you serious i'm serious
boy my second powers are absolutely unfailing man i even shocked myself sometime you're leaving
tomorrow that i am so who's doing the show are you leaving after the show no uh we got somebody
filling in we got that shong guy that you know how is that i trained him all this week he uh
doing what run on the board i sure hope duffing training him i don't know oh he i just said he would
break him in i don't know what that meant so you're leaving for Vegas tomorrow for how long just
for like a long weekend come back Monday i see while listen plunge your brains out and if you
win like that sixty three million dollar jackpot on the slots or something you keep your close
personal friends in mind okay no problem just throw us a little bone or something can we still say
no trouble yeah die bowl chief says letter for bush was a mistake this is just enough to make
you want to pee your pants in the international hero tribune walled in odel no came probably to dig
a rowdell you think who walled in odel the chairman and chief executive of die bowl has said there
was a huge mistake for him as that of a voting machine company to express support for president
George w bush's reelection in a fundraising letter last year odel in a meeting with reporters
and editors from new york times on monday also said die bowl was working to address computer security
problems and build voter confidence in its wares oh man he apologized for mistakes and stood up for
what he said the company had done right the country had a deep crisis after the two thousand
election debacle he said his company realized that it could help it will be an opportunity to serve
and it would be a good business oh odel drew criticism of his company in august when he sent
invitation to a fundraising party that said i am committed to helping Ohio deliberate select
will vote to the president next year he said he had not written the letter himself that we declined
to say who had he added that he intended only to sign a party invitation i'm committed to helping
Ohio deliberate select will vote to the president next year this is the chairman and c e
die bowl the company that makes the fricking voting machines now what's one thing got to do
it yet odel said he had since dropped out of all political activity that the company would not
support political parties while it was in the voting business right he said he couldn't discuss
california which on april 30 for him to the use of diables machines in four counties for the
November election the california secretary of state kevin shelly's ass data attorney general
investigate whether diable should face criminal charges reading carefully for a statement odel said
diable intends to fully cooperate with the attorney general in his investigation of the
secretary of state's concerns yada yada yada yada party in a partridge in a purge wink wink nudge nudge
nod nod how do you like that sent a letter unbelievable saying i'm committed to helping Ohio
deliberate select will vote to the president next year in august of last year oh that don't mean
no no we trust those vote machines no wait oh yeah we know that we never fix no election especially
in florida man we're the experts we want to see the judge again the judge with those bug bugs eyes
you know we want to see him looking at that hanging chat again just staring up there at the light
what's your number one complaint bushes destroying america 306 i'm not getting enough sex 76
i'm fat as a cow and can't lose weight 38 and they ain't so great and don't be late for lunch
i'm getting older and it sucks 35 my wife isn't bisexual 33 and George is really
parked off about that yeah nobody speaks english in mimey 22 my boss is a major
poll 14 south Florida drivers 14 i live in florida seven people not too pleased about that
mohauer david had a still on the year four the trial supports system two the mimey heralds got
only one and none yet for its two human or oj still free maybe they're starting like uh you know
let bybought grads be bygones with oj what do you think no
wkym hello wkym hello and it's sir the biggest complaint uh is your action
five six seven oh five sixty but oh man that whole town they're gathered around their
radios today they've got to just crank up as loud as you can get them you know the whole town
yeah i'm i'm telling you right now if i'm not the talent i'm throwing it
go to q amp hello there'll be the radios yes sir
yeah give it an article a little earlier about a kid i'm yourself of the belt yes
was that in today's paper who's in yesterday's mimey herald
yesterday's mimey herald yes sir
okay i guess he just want to know huh
okay what i don't get it now that's it you don't get what
we wanted to know where the hell that story was from it was in the yesterday's hero
that's on our website i'm pretty sure i'm pretty sure that was one of the local story i'm sure
every day they have an update about it right and there you go well he just concerned he wants
to find out a little bit more about it i guess i don't know or maybe he just a little hungover
four minutes still known at five sixty w two amp spring it a savings right now and save like
never before on a great new car or truck from armstrong toyota of homestead
they're on us one twenty minutes south of the thirty six and armstrong toyota homestead's worth
to drive because they're going to save you so much cash thousands and zillions on great new toyotas
check out the great least deals an oh four camera your four one in just two sixty nine a month
before the advance how about an oh four high lender just three oh nine a month neither truck
how about an oh four to a ton with the safest truck in the USA just a hundred seventy nine a month
before forty eight months and these are just a few of the savings waiting for you right now at
armstrong toyota of homestead general manager david rich and the staff will do just about anything
out of the sun to help get you into a new toyota today so experience the armstrong toyota of
homestead difference they're locally owned and operated committed to a hundred percent customer
satisfaction the service department has even opened late to late week nights to make sure
they get all your stuff done for you easy to find them the right at the corner of us one and two
ninety-third street in homestead just twenty minutes south of the eight thirty six and well worth
the drive especially when the opportunity is like this they are here free tires batteries and
replacement parts for life that's correct at armstrong toyota homestead tires batteries and
free parts for life nobody know where does that so forget about those big screaming mega dealers
and car giants who shout and carry on and make all kinds of promises and let you down call david
rich he's the jam and armstrong toyota homestead for real honest to goodness unbeatable deal call
three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven three oh five two four two thirty two
forty seven drive a little and save a ton on that great new toyota at toyota of homestead
this is sports 20 oh five six two way yeah
the state goldstein if you can call me tell me whenever i'm in town i listen to wait a minute
i am in town it's the twelve to one hour before facing certain debt our soldiers and corporate
mercenary sit down to a laurel and hardy breakfast provided by the good folks at Kellogg Brown
and Root subsidiary of hellbrett they start their day the Kellogg Brown and Root way with all the
nutrition of a well balanced breakfast right grease to keep them regular on the battlefield
blood into salad for iron and rotted meat to help prevent gout kibby our study show that rack
dropping provide calcium for strong healthy bones to help prevent annoying rattling in the
coffins on the trip hall its kdr's mission to sense applies in when it's not too dangerous
our soldiers are aware of the sacrifice they must make a restore democracy where it never existed
and hope they live long enough to enjoy a boxed one Kellogg Brown and Root thanks all of you for
your continued support of our troops by looking the other way
out of the way
from known at five sixty w.w.m. the wildly popular gym mandates the mad dog at two the
humber from mother preekness at Baltimore at four and then the crow at seven because we got a
half hour to fill before the game beth faxes and says my biggest complaint is the loss of the
farts on your radio show oh my god after over quarter centuries in the arrangers fan it's like
the end of an era and beth you are absolutely correct loss of farts on the show got that we got
it got it no moss no more gas more in doubt writes in the or times it's on our website but i'm
going to read it she's great i love more in doubt i think i might even know most of the words in
this article too well we'll see we'll see how much i can fumble and bumble through it she says
testifying before the senate yesterday general Richard Myers admitted that were checkmated in a
there's no way to militarily lose in a rack he said describing the general consensus there's
also no way to militarily win in a rack talk about the sound of one hand clapping and i say john
curious on both sides of issues sounding like mr. carry general Myers summed up this process has
to be internationalized the uon has to play the governance rule that's how we're in my view
eventually going to win the administration's the minted quest to conquer error parts in mind has
dissolved in a torrid of pornography denigrating other parts of the araban enemy George Bush who
swept into office on a cloud of moral umbridge now has his own side scandal one with far greater
implications than titillating cigar jokes the bush hawks so fixated on making the middle east
look more like america have made america look un-american should we really be reduced to
defending ourselves by saying at least we don't be head people gripped in a i can't look at
them i've got to look at them state of mind lawmakers grimly filed into private screening rooms on
the hill to check out the eighteen hundred grotesque images of sex humiliation and torture
their disgusting centered die and finestein told me if somebody wanted to plan a clashes
civilizations this is how they do it these pictures play into every stereotype of america that
erbs have america has debouched america's hypocrites chinyan rumsfeld and muffle it's act like they
know all the answers almost like a divine right she said they don't have a divine right and they are
wrong after nine eleven america had the support and sympathy of the world now a wash in digital
evidence of uncivilized behavior america has careered into a war civilizations the pictures were
clearly meant to use the code book of muslim anxieties about nudity and sexual engender humiliation
to break down the prisoners senator bennyd horse Campbell said some photographs seem to show a
raki women being commanded to expose their breasts such debasement after a war that president
bush partly based on women's rights the problem of course is that the war in Iraq started with lies
that sawdems w md were endangering our security and that sawdems length of al-Qaeda and nine eleven
in a public relations move that cheapens the heroism of soldiers the pentagon merge the
metals for the wars in afghanistan and iraq giving the gwot medal for global war on terrorism in
both wars to reinforce the idea that we had to invade iraq to quell terrorism the truth is our
invasion of iraq spurred terrorism there and around the world that initial deception had long
rushed to throw off international conventions and old alliances and nambi pambi institutions
like the uin and the red cross led straight to the abuses of abu grave now the question is whether
the cia tortured al-cat operatives officials blurred the lines to justify ideological decisions
calling every iraq who opposed us a terrorist conducting rough interrogations perhaps to find
the nine existent w md so they wouldn't look foolish rolling all opposition into one scary
terrorist ball that did not require sensitivity to the Geneva conventions or humanitarian dogoaters
to use the phrase of gender senator james inhofe republican from oklahoma senator fritz homies
made it clear yesterday that rame has left us underman and untrained in iraq another factor in
the tortures scandal now in a country of twenty five million trying to secure with 135,000
school to mr. rumsfeld adding we're trying to win the hearts and minds as we're killing them
and torturing them at least he sets our castically general William Westmoreland never asked
of yet called general to take the town like we have for fallujah we asked the end we've asked
the enemy general to take the town the hawks who promised his garlands in iraq should have
recalled the words of history in daniel borschton who warned that planning for the future without a
sense of history is like planting cut flowers marine down the new york time today it's on our website
you go girl i was gonna say that she's got but what is it i was gonna say you go girl that's what i
said i don't i got another real glimmer to from the nation i guess i'll save it for a little bit
later exporting america's prison problems by dan frosh about what are the slime balls that
they sent over there to a rack it's it's really something plus that general miller he doesn't even
mention him in there that they sent from githmo so you could get more wise the prisons over there
in our rack you know and give them what what what forward you know i can get more five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teen horizon wireless line what's your number one complaint
that's our poll question today wck and hello niel yes sir how you doing today pretty good i was
just listening to what you're just reading by morinda she's great i love her and i'm looking at
polls you know and i mean and i cannot believe i mean i've been watching following politics since
i was a teenager i'm like forty six uh-huh and i've never seen everything this administration has
done has gone wrong everything right and there's still forty five forty people who still support
the president everything they have touched has gone bad right they got the minus touch and reverse
everything they touched turns to that and if everything they do everything they say is all in the
up and up and good for us why are they so secretive about everything you know what they remind me
of they remind me of gray greed at qaim it's the same kind of thing no no seriously they they do
everything wrong and at the end of the day they come out smelling like a rose i just don't get it
is i don't know if it's the median i don't know if that's a big that's a big part of it that's a big
part of it if you were watching the cnn the uh uh cable nazi network right now if you could see
the way that they're going on about the great risk that the bushing administration took
and sending rumsfeld and general mires to a bagdad and uh this uh very uh uh i mean just
just non-tank i know i know steven and tyle could see what a dog and pony sure what a disparate
attempt it is to save face cnn's not the best but i do i haven't been watching blue doves i don't
know if you watch him at all oh he seems fairly fair though me no he's not now you don't think so
now the only thing he lights out of this outsoaring a job thing and he's made like a whole life
crusade out of that but aside from that he's been a real bushlicker all along and i can't give
a complaint to the poll yes sir that commercial about the flyer drives me absolutely crazy the
flyer the flyer oh it's waffle i don't know who thought that one up but i can't stand the flyers
myself i'm great day pali take care of me oh see you go ten for bay baby straight your ass out
that john tortellini man he's got a big mouth five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
a AT&T and for rising wireless line yeah you should hear the way that they were carrying
on them oh my gosh the bush administration taking great risk and really uh you know the balls he
move all they're trying to do is just cover their ass after this unbelievable eight or nine days
of embarrassment and of course they're sending people like right wingers like in a half another
surrounded all were outraged by the outrage and the media has covered this too much why shouldn't
the media cover it so much why not sure yeah exactly why now shouldn't they be covering it what
would be the only supposed to show all the parades and waving the flag next thing you know
that we show those damn great coffins again see those of us who live through Vietnam we know how
the media are using them and impulated and what about your ass liquors they are we know all about
that they're not fooling me and then finally when push covers the show then finally when the
things come out that are really going on and the motives come out of what this was really all about
and they have no more excuse to keep defending the indefensible then they say oh well wait a minute
hold on now this is bad just like Vietnam one fifty eight thousand kids came home and body bags
I mean what and all this business about the humiliation and torture what kind of a society
as America become when we have so little regard for human life including our own that's the
thing that frost my ass all these kids were sent over there they're they're just numbers on a
sheet of paper somewhere and then we got morons like Tom jicker writing a thing in his question
answer I think what should be out on Sunday it's on the website in the Sun Sentinel
ripping ABC and Ted Coppel for reading names are what why didn't they do you know they had the right
to do it why didn't they just tell us what they were doing yeah it was just exploitation
they were just exploiting all those dead kids by reading their names on there
Tom I'm gonna tell you man I really ruled the day that I emailed him and got him involved and
actually tied a couple conversations with Tom jicker I regret that day
because you man are an idiot and your true colors really show there oh yeah maybe they were
trying to get people to tune in and watch well isn't that what everybody is doing is that what
you doing you're right you're stupid ass columns about phrasier for going off the year after 800
years the 85th column about phrasier you were trying to get people to open up the paper and read it
you idiot but there always has to be some sinister motor behind it so they're trying to make
the bush people look bad they're trying to point out something the American people as long
over do that these are real living and reading people with a face in a name with mothers and
fathers and wives and husbands and sisters and the sons and daughters real living and
reading people not just a name on a piece of paper somewhere man oh man what a melee moth freaking
media we got in America and that's the only reason that this continues going on it's pathetic it's
tragic and it comes as no surprise to me that most of your boosters probably aren't even carrying
this book because it's it's published by a Canadian publisher it's free to core books
spinning on the axis of evil america's war against the Mack by Scott Taylor who doesn't pull any
punches not just about Iraq but about Kosovo about all of the crap that's been going on for years
and years and years all of the lies all of the horrendous grotesque butchery of human people
just the pictures of infancy ralon's gonna make your puke your guts out the stories about the
depleted uranium here's a picture of a bunch of Iraqi bodies says Iraqi soldiers kill kill follow
with follow and combat with the british desert rats brigade during operation desert storm the
british commander warned his colleagues not to draw any tactical conclusions based on such a
one-sided affair there were soldiers who were like weeping because there was like no defense I
can talk about uh yeah it would be like having fat boys stepping on maddie belt you know same thing
but anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T of rising wireless line
wqam hello i'm ill yes sir i agree with that last car and talked about old j
now can i say nuts fact areas sounds like reverend johns to me yeah with a bad phone the answer
wqam hello qa m and is yes sir another phony accent to him five six seven oh five sixty that seems
to be the new deal here lately is the phony accents we had two fantastic great calls the lines
two days one from the gables i forget where the one was yesterday when they don't know
through on the year and they talk in a perfectly normal voice then as soon as they know that
hey i when you talk about the i and the i'm uh please say i'm gonna talk about the uh wow
soft florida baby you can't complain about the collective iq and soft florida because it's the big
oh is what it is make no mistake about it speaking of the big oh he'll be at the new
seminal hard rock casino in hollywood four to six this afternoon stop by to win the prize
wheel for some of our crappy very inexpensive and very embarrassing qa m prizes that's at the new
seminal hard rock casino with the big oh four to six this afternoon come on let's pass noon at qa m
voom is tv but not just your ordinary pedestrian regular tv it's high definition tv delivered via
satellite dish n hd receiver the picture is so clear so superior to regular tv it's like comparing
latest dvd to old footage of uh tom medicine voom is the only entertainment system design for high
definition tv it's got the most hd tv anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy
the ultimate hd tv experience including the satellite dish hd receiver and the remote control
and what's not to like voom's got over 30 channels of hd programming can watch espn and high
definition that's three times more than you get from cable and they have all your other
favorite channels like hp on mtv even our local channels like i said before such as they are and
we apologize voom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment voom even has exclusive channels
of hd movies music and sports that you cannot get from your cable or satellite company so with
voom you get everything you got now plus these awesome high definition channels what's the sense
of going out and spending a lot of money on hd tv set if you don't have something to watch call
voom today tool free 1 866 848 8666 or visit voom.com for a limited time offer which includes
free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment call 1 866 848 8666 or their website
again is voom.com to start vooming right away offer ends may 31 so get with it
and
if you want to make your world a better place Michael drop the soap and then this way
oh from 18 at 560 wc this website that was suggested from Patrick thank you Patrick we couldn't
play that on the air because it's got every kind of four letter word embedded it's about
to say anti-bush ad it's the best you write Patrick it's great do you look at it no it did not
oh look at the website no well i mean i could it's a long no but it's well worth it i mean you have
to type in that whole url there blackstar's blog.com slash bush 41.2.swf it's almost worth putting
on our website you know what yeah they all enjoy it i guarantee you now maybe you could like
a fax that to Eric and he can make a link to it because it's it's so as worth it somebody
obviously put a lot of work in there and you can watch the video and listen to the audio and
every other word is it's great thanks Patrick nice going baby it's on its way
alright 5 6 7 0 5 6 0 here's some good news the Walt Disney Company and the co-chiefs of Miramax
films are near a deal that would allow director Michael mortified a new distributor for his
controversial documentary Fahrenheit 9 11 comedy official say yesterday i totally it's going
to get done. Disney Miramax's parent company had refused to release the film that chronicles
America's react to the September over the tax and links US president George W. Bush's family
and prominent Saudis that include the family of Osama Yamama bin Laden. The film is set to
premiere at the Cannes Film Festival which began yesterday in the French Riviera City.
Miramax spokesman Matthew Hilsick said Disney had agreed to sell rights to Moritz Film to
Miramax Cochie for executives Harvey Weinstein and his brother Bob Weinstein who could then go out
and fight a new distributor so we don't know how to pronounce it in their two brothers he just
pronounced it both ways it could be Weinstein could be Weinstein but it's probably Weinstein
Frankenstein. A Disney spokeswoman characterized the parties there still be a negotiations but
they're going to get it done we're very happy that Disney's agreed to sell Fahrenheit 9 11 to
Bob and Harvey Hilsick said the statement Bob and Harvey look forward to promptly completing this
transaction. Yaudiode and it also talks about the fact that in 1999 the Weinstein's made a deal
similar for the movie dogma in which director Kevin Smith challenged Catholic doctrines raising
the eye of some church groups you see you can't offend the church you can't offend the
administration you can't offend anybody by telling the truth in movie where it's a hell of a thing
to get it made which is why Michael Moore had to make bowling for Columbine here in Canada.
Right can't do that can't do that in America because too much truth ain't a good thing.
You know what you can do what's that? Kill some people. Do worry we're doing a good job of that.
In that arrangement the Weinstein's brought the rights to dogma from Miramax with Disney's
agreement then signed their own deal to have independent film company Lionsgate Entertainment
Group released the movie to theaters dogma which was worthwhile that was before Ben Affleck
became such a puss and of course he was still hanging around with his boyfriend Matt Damon and
there so he was in a better frame of mind. And of course George Carlin was an airhead the great
lion's about. But Emma Damon was bitching about the church if they would have just let us
emasperate why can't use the terms he used he didn't say that. But at any rate it's a word
saying dogma it's not great but it's okay. No? It's okay it's just got stuff it doesn't need.
Yeah too much of a wasted time in there too much crap. I mean Chris Rock we did not need to be in that
movie. No you think neither did I even though I like him a lot neither did Salma they didn't add
anything. No. What's your number one complaint that's our full question that gave me a chance to
get out of your get some steam out of your ass. Bush is destroying America 345 53.1% of this
audience they got their thumbs right on it baby. Bush is destroying America everything that we
stand for our economy our values our freedoms you name it he's screwing it he's sticking it to us.
I'm not getting enough sex 89. I'm fantasy cow and can't lose weight 42 that's me that kind of
hogganda's rocky road yesterday I think put me into a bad way you kidding what well at least
there wasn't another pint of Ben and Jerry's like I had on Tuesday yeah that's worse I had coffee
coffee crunch on Tuesday. Well let me tell you let me warn you since we're on one of my favorite
subjects ice cream that Ben and Jerry's is also I mean why not them everybody else is doing it they
jumped out of this low carb bandwagon you know yeah and in my store I you know I took a peek to see
what flavors were available and I looked at the ingredients and all of a sudden I went oh I saw
that was that's orbit at all one of the superlose one of those you know one of the talls oh boy
one of those that makes you want to stay real close to home for many many hours and wish you were
never born just really hemorrhoid inducing may we interrupt this talking about food to thank
you for the vacation disturbing for what to thank Tony's for bringing us in food because Duff has
some guests and wanted us to feed them for free and so we did Duff has some guests and he wanted you
to feed his guests for free right well how about that and then of course he's going to go tonight to
the staff ratings party which he has nothing to do with he's ready he's going to like be eaten up all
that free food too right he knows how to work it yeah he knows how to work it that's what Josh told
me care for Darryl right no Josh Cordis all right I think it's there come back Josh don't
get anywhere where where was I before we got off on this food thing about the minute anyway so don't
don't get sucked into that or any of those like the Atkins and Dolds if you don't have the sensitive
stomach I'm very jealous of those people in fact I could lose a real ton of weight if I didn't
have the irritable bowel and this I probably shouldn't say that irritable welcome and all these
other spastic stomach conditions because I just can't eat those things with all that sorbitol and
multital and manitol and crap at all I just can't do it I mean it just sends my stomach into
spastic conditions and I spend time with a very painful notification they've been talking a lot
about syndrome X on the news down here what is that that's if you're fat you're gonna die basically
the bottom line oh look your friends and your brother right exactly yeah what does that mean
syndrome X that if you if you have the propensity to put on a abdominal fat then that also means
that you will have high blood pressure diabetes heart disease and you're gonna die don't have no
heart disease though my heart's pretty good and you like that it's a miracle must be in my genes
yeah that's what they're saying that it's genetic great much in my genes but that might be what it is
anyway let's get back what's your number one complaint bush is destroying America 353 I'm not
getting enough sex 89 I'm fat as a cow can't lose weight 43 I'm getting older and it sucks
everything hoi it's 38 my wife isn't bisexual 36 damn it nobody's spicketing lace in Miami
look how many votes that's got third man soft loaded drivers 19 my boss is a real whole
14 I live in Florida 14 loss of fart sounds on the show 10 10 already we just put that on there
nice go on Beth Mohar David it's still on year 8 the child support system of three OJ Simpson still
free to the herald only one it's too humid and giant mosquitoes have got oh out of 660 we need
just six more votes for 666 baby Elante Clisto a key well too bad it's already 670 on yours yeah
damn it well that's a good omen if it stopped at 666 that would have been out of head by the
rumors lunch today I know the audience is wondering how the hell can the rumors rub you buy them
lunch when you're in Toronto well guess what they're here they're here the rumors are here oh no
please tell us you just making this a joke now the rumor some works I told you works at the fan
one of the radio stations here and doing a good job he's engaged a nice real friend but they
won't leave Malone I keep I can't stand parents they keep chasing their kids around it just want
to smother them and keep chasing them around you know I mean oh yeah I don't even yeah and so here
they are and of course my being here that's just the extra frosting on the cake which gives them a
great opportunity to meet you this afternoon for lunch who do you think's buying here's a
fact from somebody in Jupiter it's like you have a big fan of marine doubt did you also see
I will not read Thomas Friedman's any article okay because you can't it says you finally grew
up here took some shots at the Bush administration this is a guy who has no credibility all of this
time and all of a sudden we're gonna say oh gee finally said something that made sense I don't
I'm not buying Tom Friedman if he's an idiot he is a moron right well said Chris I've got
buddy Chris Moore man he was the best red attack red attack stew pandas well what a pull he was huh
you know the play by playing people on this radio station over the years we've sure had some really
bizarre people in the jigsmeister does McDonald the old McDonald he's retired a real legend in
a built-tory's mind kicked his ass out of this town after two years I mean really hated him like
poison here and we got Dave Ann boring who is living up to his name anyway let me tell you right
now you've heard us talk about fast train all of these shows for a long time and you probably
wondered if maybe this is something that can help you out well why not check it out when in doubt
because the facts are easy to figure out if you've got the dedication fast train can provide you with
a necessary training and can help you achieve that new high paying computer career in just four
short months so if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts if you're like a worth a crap
in just four short months you can be on your way to a real life and a real career fast train
off for you day night a weekend classes financial assistance for people to qualify once you complete
your classes fast train can even assist you in obtaining a brand new great high paying computer job
it's that easy all you have to do is just reach over and pick up that phone it's about it and
get yourself started and with seven fast train locations in town including Miami for Lauderdale
Kindle in Pember Pines there's sure to be a location a fast train campus near value if you want
more information you can check them out of the web at fast train dot com but then reach over
and grab that thing and the phone to and make that call that can change your life call one eight six six
fast train
and local this is for trade you'll find six you way yeah 1233 I wonder how old friend Kurt's doing
over there in Tampa with Susie short skirts remember those days oh yeah the glory dead how can
we forget and did you go with us when we saw Kurt do his drag routine uh no I missed that oh boy
but I was up there and that was in Tampa no less wow yeah well they don't do any
factory out in the country now wait they don't do no factory they're just practicing for our
rack I guess maybe not a factory going on of course if Rush wouldn't be watching all them home
or erotic uh uh websites maybe he could get back to like poppin some more pill well you could do
those at the same time you're like this story since you hate Walmart so much oh speaking of Rush
before we get to that because it's in the papers might as well mention it conservative
pill popping talk show host Rush Limbaugh has purchased full page ads and two florida newspapers to
charge that local prosecutors are politically motivated investigating him for doctor shopping
Limbaugh's company EIB the obesity and broadcasting network said the ads which would run today
in the Palm Beach post in the Sun Central reprint a main item at a tour from the conservative
Washington Times that accuses West Palm Beach state attorney Barry Krischer of political opportunism
Limbaugh one of America's most influential conservative nut jobs last October publicly admitted
an addiction to prescription painkillers and checked it in a drug rehab center he's been investigated
by democrat christian's office the Washington Times sites his evidence of christian's bias his
stated policy against prosecuting those with addictions so that he could focus on dealers the paper
calls the case against Limbaugh shaky and based largely on the testimony of his former housekeeper
Wilma and her husband who sold their story to tabloid newspapers the inquire and were accused
of trying to blackmail the talk show host of which by the way there is no evidence the editor
also said that the Florida attorney generally Florida state bar association and the American
facilities union of criticized christian's handling of the case course of Florida state bar most
of them belong behind bars anyway okay who are you people kidding Florida state bar my ass
anyway here's the story you're like I mean not a big deal because it's like pocket change
to them but nevertheless it's just shining the spotlight again on more evil doors here are some
of the real evil doors all you kids out there Walmart right when mom and dad want to pop your ass
into the car in a weekend and drag you over to Walmart say no way thanks I'll stay home and watch
for no movies or something right Walmart stores has agreed to pay a three point one million dollar
find a settle charges of violations of the federal clean water rack at store construction across
sites across the country the u.s government said yesterday the fine was the largest civil penalty ever
against the company for stormwater runoff violations officials said they hope to settlement with
the world's biggest retailer would set an example for smaller companies Walmart which is also
the nation's largest retail construction developer agreed to institute better control measures
to reduce their water runoff for construction sites the retailer was fired a million dollars
over similar violations in 2001 obviously didn't learn their lesson and don't give a flying crab
the complaint against Walmart leds violations at 24 sites in nine states that it concluded
charges that the company failed to get a permit before beginning construction and didn't develop a
plan to control polluted runoff water runoff from construction sites as a primary contributor
to the impairment of water quality in the nation said Thomas Skinner acting assistant administrator
of the EPA's office of enforcement and compliance a stormwater runoff carries high levels of
mud sediment oil grease heavy metals toxins other lovely pollutants in the storm sewers ultimately
in the rivers wetlands oceans and ultimately into your body deep inside your ass
Walmart has agreed to hold programs to train contractors about stormwater control requirement
a must-submit written documentation of compliance efforts official set and a partridge in a
paratory any audio audio audio they'll be good boys on your tea who ought to be the poster child
for Walmart is your good friend Linda England yeah she reminds me of just exactly what you see
shopping at Walmart she could be a greeter we're talking about a class of trailer trash that
every year even Jerry Springer won't put him on your how do you like that they ought to run
them all up and put him in a few double-wide start effect on her front of Walmart prisons like a
Jerry Springer episode exactly oh that I wish I wouldn't have schmitcanned that story about how
she was like I can always print it out again from your post how she was what screwing everybody
inside and they get it all I know by heart huh I don't buy hard I'm following her closely why she's
so fascinating come on oh give me a miracle nasty she's born
alive and up and to dyke even with that boyfriend and her pregnant up whooping and everything she
just seems awful you like you to me lactating soon maybe she just named it and that moves
go to QAM hello yes sir hello
WQM hello oh god yes sir speaking that was unbelievable fast I grew up in North Miami and I moved
to Oktober so I could buy a house that I could afford yeah and Walmart the big deal out there
and I know some people I worked there oh my god they worked there for like five years and their
pay is like five seventy five an hour right and I'm thinking well maybe they're slackers and I meet
a guy that's a manager there for many years and he says that's it they don't they won't pay
anymore than that you know no matter how many years are there there are much a grave rovers man
it's I'm a real five years and you're still making five dollars an hour Walmart is what's wrong
with America today I know it's every day they can't put enough people in our country fast love
and they can't kill us quick enough and I'm running to the border with you now all right I'll be
looking for you stay out forever please we'll keep we'll keep the lights on for you and have a few
Tim Horton donuts waiting for you to how's it going eh five six seven oh five sixty five five
it's just I don't know I mean they used to think it was me you know and everybody else thought it
was another finally started catch on it's not just me it's the truth that's why I got such a good
result on that podium yesterday that I tell it like it is I didn't even realize how much I was
telling them like it is and I am because it's all coming true it's like petty try ski with network
you're a lot on on on biography channel last night they had Robert DuVal who I obviously like him a lot
and they didn't even put network in there they didn't put Godfather too they didn't I mean
realize it's only an hour show but how could you not put network right right I don't know you
don't think he was great in network absolutely I mean the cast forget about the message which
of course was so incredibly on target at over their heads and over the heads of the public right
but the cast in that movie um huh all right I'm holding Peter Finch fade done away Robert DuVal
Ned Beatty who is unbelievably great Mr. Bale that that scene in the he didn't need to do it
with IT and T he didn't even squeal in a movie he said be over the hidden squeal but he didn't make
an out of a deal and a little squeeze a little feel why me because you're on television dummy
anyway you got to see network please pretty please I'm begging you what there's movies there's
movies told there's movies in it don't know I'll see it well there is fade done away sitting on
top of the William Holden there that's why they've had they're there yeah 20 to one at five 60 WQAM
here let's tell you about the financial group right now we've heard me talk about these folks
they're incredible only one mortgage program with an unbeatable one and a quarter percent rate for
the purchase or refinancing your home one and a quarter percent how do you like that you should
that means if you have a hundred thousand out of loan your payments are merely three thirty four
a month if you have a two hundred thousand out of loan you pay a measly six sixty eight a month now
they're advertising on TV they're all over the radio they're on dust ask the programs everywhere
it's got everybody talking only one mortgage makes it possible and only the financial group makes
it available to you refinance your current home get money for renovations move to another home and
never ever pay fees are closing costs again zero closing costs zero credit bureau fees zero application
fees zero discounted points zero just about everything this is for real so call financial group and
get to tales at one eight six six three nine five lend that's one eight six six three nine five
LED it's the only one mortgage and it's the only mortgage you'll ever need the Reneku housing
lender credit restrictions do apply four point two five APR rates subject to change monthly
my and look all this is for trade oh by 60
way yeah there is never never a dull moment I love looking at Walmart we stay at Walmart way after
our shifts are over partly because we love it but mostly cause they love the thing
it's more than a story it's a fun place to be the best thing about being on the Walmart team is not
having all those forms and papers and workers with health benefits have to worry about you never know
what to go find it Walmart just come in for the fun of it the immigrants are the best at Walmart
they clean our toilets practically for free and Walmart's I don't need no stinkin green card we don't
need no like this I don't have to shy on it's thinking vices it's like my morning regime
something wake up at Walmart of publishing basically repeat pictures I saw today virtually
the same soldiers who we've seen over and over again until we can recognize them individually
simply doing more of the same all right let me get a different perspective Dennis Gussinich please
is joining us as well uh familiar face to a lot of our viewers he was maybe still is a democratic
presidential candidate but go ahead and respond to what the chairman just said well I think it's
absolutely chilling to assert that somehow the media is to blame here I mean I heard secretary
rumsfeld a moment ago tried the media for the images the pictures the video clips I mean this war
was a lie from the beginning secretary rumsfeld appeared before mr. hunters committee and basically
lie to the congress about saying there are weapons of mass destruction which are the reason why
we're there I mean when are you going to call the secretary to an accounting for the for the
lies that he told in front of your committee this this whole thing has been about a pattern of
deception and right now what they're doing they're trying to blame the media get that I mean the
media just carried the information forward when the administration said no there were weapons of
mass destruction now to try to do what you want me to respond to that we're blaming we're blaming
the media for putting out pictures when they were asked on this specific occasion with Americans
in danger not to put pictures out that could cause hostages to be harmed the media failed to
uh to uh to refrain from doing that from restraining themselves and we had a bad result well let me
let me interrupt for a second mr. chairman I think you're referring to the CBS they did delay
that they're their program as they reviewed the request from the this is the way they play the game
because in this is on a rule here he's ripping him and asked right and now we got to change the topic
because we'll scut some stupid ass questions when it came out the people who killed uh mr.
berg in this very brutal fashion uh laid at least part of the cause uh as a result of of uh
seeing those pictures and responding to the pictures that the media did put out listen I think
they should have delayed those pictures from going out forever and I think the other part of
this story here is that they should have deleted forever the politicians didn't get involved in fact
the us army as you now know wolf uh with no politician how come we're not hearing anything from
Dennis Kassinich investigated themselves starting on January 16th and walked down through this
series of six investigations to the point where court marshals are now starting for criminal
activities for this small handful of bad apples they have been there you know here's secretary
rumsfeld going to a rack today why wasn't he in a rack when these reports first started to come out
you know what's happening here it's the old story that they're going to go after the people at the
service level and the uniform level when the guys at the top will responsible for the policy
of sending the troops there to begin with are going to escape sky free he's not long and I think
I think that every american is offended by this attempt to try to put the responsibility on the
troops and not put it on the people are responsible right in the white house and at the secretary level
congressman stand by we have a lot more to talk yeah we have a lot more a wolf here in the
idiot okay in fact they ought to drag him off just like they dragged Howard Beagle off the screen
in network although he was telling the truth they ought to come in here and drag both buscrowing
off the set right now and let Kassinich go on until two o'clock and we carry it he is the only one
the only one him in sharp then of course we know about sharp but of the of the relatively rational
people he was the only one who really told it like it is no holds barred it all the lies all the
BS looks this guy right in the face how come you're not investigating rumsfeld for making up
the stories in line about weapons of mass destruction getting us into this bogus war in the first
place yada yada yada yada yada he lays it right there on the line while john curious running around
going like that and it's got how many votes did he get that's not just the one primary that's all
the states put together that's how many votes Kassinich got about 30 because he had a bad hair
piece now he's got a better hair piece I think it's too late he would be great yeah can you see him
debating bush oh please he would slice him up man the just like you would never seen yeah but
how is he going to respond to push that but the the the the the five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18 t and for eyes and wireless love what's your number one complaint
I'll tell you what my number one complaint is I want to add this on here right now you know
what it is the media is sick and he's got the media sucks American media sucks put that on
there right away Josh you're not going to make it to Vegas the American media sucks
god are they pathetic and here's a classic example he left this right wing Republican
goofball from California on there the chairman of that committee he let him who by the way was
making all those glorious speeches the other day just kissing rumsfeld's ass he let him go on for
like about 90 percent of that time and as soon as the senate started telling them like it was
all right away but I mean but I'm open I'm open how about CBS did delay it you know we're changing
the question changes subject anything you take away time from consent it who's telling too much
truth and making too much sense you grave robbers you at the cable Nazi network there's a reason they
are the problem because they're the enablers just like that thing about christian amon port I'm
so motivated I'm going to read that one page again from uh Scott Taylor's book about christian
amon portnet that staged event that they did that made for tv event yeah never was the media truth
more manipulated during the stage statue toppling scene on april 9th it was meant to symbolize
the end of sottoms regime watching CNN senior correspondent christian amon port give a live
report on these supposedly spontaneous incident I suspect that this would be one of the US's largest
stage news events what a coincidence for amon portnet crew to be on hand in frito's square to
capture on video amava veracuys that they'd try to bring down large statue of sottom unable to
achieve this feat alone a detachment of US Marines just happened to be in the area to lend the hand
I listened incredulously as amon port told CNN's viewers that this was bagged at central square
and that this particular statue was deeply symbolic to the Iraqi people as frito's square sits
between the sherdon and the palestine hotels I was very familiar with it contrary to her claims
frito's square certainly was not the center of bagged that the real center revolution square
was some two kilometers away and was still very much under the control of sottom loyalist further
this particular statue was cast from a standard mold and identical copies could be found all over
Iraq in fact up till the previous october when the statue had been erected frito's square
had been nothing more than an empty traffic circle when other media outlets housed in the palestine
hotel began broadcasting images of these statues toppling they actually provided a different
perspective by pulling back from the action it became obvious that the Iraqi mob was in fact
just a tiny crowd american tanks completely surrounded the square so the irakis
were operating inside a protected perimeter one Iraqi who camped up for the cameras by banging
issue on the toppled sottom was later recognized to be one of okhmit Shalabi's i NC body guards
two days earlier the same individual wearing the same sherd had appeared beside the Iraqi
national congress president when he returned to the town of nasorea as became clearly evident the
incident at frito's square been orchestrated by the u.s military in conjunction with CNN the cable
Nazi network water would certainly not fool Iraq citizens that effectively convinced North American
audiences that the war was over during that evening's news cast global television actor Kevin
Newman interviewed correspondent Packard Graham one of the few Canadian reporters who would
stuck it out and bagged that from the palestine hotel's rooftop Graham explained how this
particular incident had involved only a handful of Iraqis he went on to say that in reality
the fedaean fighters still control most of bagged that nevertheless the following morning virtually
every North American headline read sottom toppled and CNN had switched its war in Iraq logo to a new
Iraqi bills instead of waiting for the Iraqis to rise up on mass to celebrate their so-called
liberation the bushing administration to decide the time was right to start celebrating for them
a stage TV event to brainwash and manipulate the American public opinion and very successfully
and easily done you ask them any questions you want and we had and when i said i don't want to
just have one city and i want to have multiple cities we had multiple briefings where members could
ask you to be like uh... what's your name linda england have multiple organisms when they made a
decision to go to our rock they did it uh... as as uh... members of congress who understood and who had
been informed and we had vast turnout with a majority of the house come down and they got their
own information so the idea that somehow uh... they came in and uh... don rumsfeld told him to
all go vote for the war and they did that is that is not accurate let me just say uh... uh... this
about the secretary the secretary i think he's stuck in this under the chair
sanchez has done this by the book three days after the soldier came forward now he's
raven about the great job that rich sanchez is doing the patient you now know that that they
announced that to the combined audiences of cnn inverse mbc and fox so outside of fifty million
people they kept a secret they walked down through these investigations and they have criminal
prosecution starting right now but once again wolf the number is
six and not now i think it's been expanded to seven and most members who have seen these pictures
say how come we see that same little group of people in almost every picture and there hasn't been a
link where between the white house or the pentagon or something i don't know how i'm making this happen
if i could respond go ahead and i think it's important chairman may have forgotten what mr. rumsfeld said
because maybe it's not six maybe it's one listen to this quote and this is right to his testimony to your
committee he said talking about his saying that his saying has at this moment stockpiles of chemical
and biological weapons and is pursuing nuclear weapons his regime has an active program to acquire
and develop nuclear weapons very likely all they need to complete a weapon is fissile material and
they are at this moment seeking that material both from four sources and a capability to produce it
indigenously now if that's not a lie what is it i think that's largely accurate and my statement
at the same time if you saw that if you saw if you saw that dentist my statement at the same time was
you could put the entire 8500 liters of anthrax material in one pickup truck and the idea that
that was going to be sitting on on a in a parking lot waiting for us to come pick it up was i told
people a year ago not gonna have to understand unfortunately we got to do a commercial breaking
around a time and the music swells up in the background this is CNN wow to see you see how many words
you let them say their cassinets because every time somebody starts blurting the truth out we got
to cut them off we got interrupted time for commercial it will just got to go take a crap
something's going on man we got interrupt truth is interrupt is that the American fn way make no
mistake about it i got kind of sidetracked every wrong glad i did it was fun no because
cassinets is great he doesn't mince his words he may mince a little bit but he don't mince his words
and he doesn't that beat around a bush and he just tells it exactly the way it is he does beat
around on the bush i scroll on dentist who might didn't get to say anything 1256 at 560 WQM is
your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs let oasis outsourcing help you
when to come to the people side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company employee
benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that outsourcing
can cover to help your business be more profitable call oasis outsourcing today for a fee of valuation
at 1 866 and oasis that's 1 866 286 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide oasis outsourcing
understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing is being recognized by firms
both large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business
while leaving those pain in the ass operational details to oasis outsourcing so let these folks make
your business a lot more profitable if you want a free evaluation with no obligation column tool
and 1 866 at oasis that's 1 866 286 2747 for oasis outsourcing
i get the local office is 560 the radio goes yours
bbs this is general Richard Myers all hard general how can i help you today
but now look how we got some pictures coming out the department of defense would like cbs not
to show those on national television we'll mister you it had his heart set on showing that
piece this one i understand that but i'm asking you nicely the first time i'm afraid we can't help
you sir well just one other thing if you don't mind i'd like to hear the deal Rogers one to two hour
or
and her good
stars
something that we know they did not do.
Pusha Maratati occupation.
Now we're all screwed.
Nanners, garbage, beans, let's entry the frame.
And I'll have to fight for wine to their fate.
In those they give it may.
Back then in the pile,
there's a code that opens in to say Jesus,
smile,
whisper in all that's great this far as hers.
In wrestling, your atrocities are more strong.
Like we're first, you only fall in corner.
Look what we've become.
Candidates come and see,
now like that full-dice.
I've been hurt like rubber on a battery.
103 at 560 WQM mad dog at 2,
the Humper from Baltimore in the prequence at 4.
Wait till you hear this.
Sit on the edge of your seat, hold your breath.
The family firm of beheaded American Nick Berg
was named by a conservative website
in a list of enemies of the Iraqi occupation
that could explain as arrest by Iraqi police
at attention which fatally delayed his plan
returned from Iraq and may have led directly to his death.
Nick Berg 26 disappeared into in-communicado detention
after as arrest by Iraqi police in March 2004.
He vanished again after as released 13 days later.
His body was found last Saturday in Baghdad
and the video of his beheadings supposedly
by a radical Islamic group was posted on the Internet Tuesday.
The official story of his gruesome murder
has many dubious aspects,
not the least the real reason why Iraqi police
detain the young man at a checkpoint.
New research by Break4News is uncovered
a plausible explanation.
The free republic.com website
informs a reputation for right-wing views,
fanatical republicanism and relentless pro-war activism.
On March 7, 2004, just three weeks before
the first anniversary of the invasion of Iraq,
an enemies list of anti-war groups and individuals
was posted on the free republic forum.
It began, here you are, freepers, here is the enemy.
The list had been copied from publicly available endorsements
of a call to action for an imminent anniversary
anti-war protest on March 20, 2004.
The protest was being organized under the banner of
the answer coalition act now to stop foreign racism.
Among those listed as having endorsed the call to action
was this entry, Michael S. Berg, teacher,
Prometheus Methods Tower Service Inc.
That's Nick Berg's father.
Michael O'Wax is a business manager for a son
and their family radio communications firm,
Prometheus Methods Tower Service.
Both father and son cared deeply about Iraq,
but they were on opposite sides of opinion on the occupation,
though you would never know that from meeting the New York Times.
Michael was ardently anti-war,
where his voice supporting son was in favor of the word of the extent
that he had already visited Iraq,
seeking to help with rebuilding efforts.
Just seven days after Michael Berg
and Prometheus Methods Tower Service had come up
on that Iraq war enemies list his son, Nick Berg,
returned to Iraq under the business name of Prometheus Methods Tower Service.
The scene was set for tragically mistaken suspicions,
which were to end in the horrifying death of an honorable and blaneless American.
A humanitarian who had traveled several times to third world countries,
such as Ghana, to teach villagers construction techniques.
The web traffic to the Free Republic Forum and its forum membership
includes significant numbers of serving and former US military.
Many members take their online activism very seriously.
Some delight in causing mischief for those they think are identified as enemies.
Within minutes of getting their hands on the anti-war names,
one was both in having contact with the military about
active service personnel who were on the list.
I forwarded the list to the IFC,
the commanduelist, the district officer,
the district legal officer,
and the investigative services office.
The response, the poor moron is not going to know what hit him.
Is this being mean spirited?
No, someone against our military does not belong in the military.
Another was already investigating a member of the Coast Guard on the list.
I took a look at this Yahoo and he has a site
which is not real fond of the war on drugs or the war on terrorism.
That particular coastie needs some serious trouble to come his way.
Another one I spoke on the phone with senior chief yesterday in Virginia
who could not believe what the guy was doing.
It was both astounded and angry.
I think he's in for some big, big trouble.
If that list could end up on an internet forum,
there could just as readily end up with the FBI
and eventually in the hands of those in Iraq who are keen
to track or harass anti-war activists entering the country.
Alternatively, the enthusiast on free republic
had the contacts in the clear determination
to have insured the list quickly got to the right places.
At the time the list was posted,
Nick Berge just come back from an Iraq trip lasting from late December to February 1st.
He had reported no problems whatsoever
with the Iraqi police during that visit.
Here within the two weeks of the list being posted,
Nick Berge, back on Iraq,
on his final fatal trip, was reportedly detained in Mosul
at an Iraqi police checkpoint.
The official explanation is that authority started
as identification might have been forged
and were checking his authenticity.
But a more likely reason is that by then,
the authorities in Iraq had discovered that a burge
of Prometheus Methods' tower service was in the country,
and issued a detention instruction to Iraqi police
because they misidentified Nick Berge as an anti-war activist entering Iraq
to work for the enemy.
That could explain why he was held in Communicado for 13 days
without recourse to a lawyer,
why US officials, then, were singularly on heating of his mother's pleas,
why the FBI visited his family to question them,
why it took a US court order secured by the family to pressure his release,
and why he was cruelly murdered soon after that release,
like many others around the world of suffrage
that have faded the hands of state-candone death squads,
sometimes just hours after the release from official detention.
That's the final sort of twist in this grizzly story.
If the world was an uncomplicated place,
then this tale would end with a mistake in arrest of Nick Berge.
We could finish by noting that Nick's father
is reportedly accusing the US government of contributing to his son's death.
Unable to find work in Iraq,
Nick Berge's last trip was said to be a short one.
He planned to return to the US on the 30th of March.
Michael Berg charges that his son's detention to April 5
was a violation of civil rights,
which fatally delayed his exit from Iraq
and instead left him dangerfully stranded
in the middle of the explosion of violence
which erupted early April 2004.
But there are much graver aspects to all of this.
Another chilling perspective is best summarized
by the war cynicism of Michael Rivera
at what really happened.com.
In a commentary on the beheading of Nick Berge,
Rivera writes,
how wonderfully lucky for Bush and the Neocons
that such a great piece of pro-war distract
from the torture scandal event happens at this particular moment.
Rivera's world-wary realism
strikes a chord with his popular website's visitors
who will undoubtedly shock unseasoned observers.
However, he is far from alone in questioning the official line,
others have noted the two white hands
and military eddies' stance of the hood of captors in the video.
The killing is certainly
eased the international discomfort of the U.S.
The problem with assumptions that Al Qaeda's responsible
for Berge's beheading is that Musab al-Zakari
has mentioned a caption on the videotape of the killing.
Al Zarkawi came to our attention in January 2004
when the U.S. military claimed to have intercepted
a letter of his written to the Al Qaeda leadership
but the content of the letter
read like a U.S. military propaganda statement
on the situation in Iraq.
In the letter, Al Zarkawi wrote of Iraq
he's coming to welcome the U.S. presence in Iraq
and how about how Al Qaeda was losing ground
and its war against the U.S.
In February 2004, an article titled these are
Qawi-Gandit by Greg Weihar on counterpunch
was deeply skeptical of the letter.
If you were Carl Roe,
you couldn't design a better scenario to validate
the administration's slant on the war than this.
That's a good reason to maintain a healthy skepticism.
In fact, there are a number of good reasons to take this story
with a grain of salt, maybe three or four-pounder.
The U.S. has been keen to paint the opposition to the occupations
composed of many foreign fighters tied to Al Qaeda.
The letter was clearly fabricated
from propaganda purposes with Al Zarkawi
as its new Al Qaeda star.
But if Al Zarkawi is merely a flimsy propaganda creation,
then what confidence can we have in the official line
that Al Zarkawi and Al Qaeda murdered bird?
The only plausible alternative is a covert black operation
orchestrated as part of the senior arm of U.S. foreign policy,
which generally only come to light when candid photographs,
for example, reach the public domain.
But that's an explanation which many would reject on the grounds
that no force allowed to the U.S.
no matter how black its operations would have members so calluses
to even countenance the cold blood and beheading of a U.S. citizen.
However, there's a mindset amplified by war passions
and found among the gung-hole broots who beat Iraqis to death.
Found among the thuggish mercenary dead squads who roam the sleigh at will,
and found among the cold blooded sociopaths who planted bombs
for political strategic reasons.
Its war and war begins a wartime mindset.
Nick Bergs' detention indicates that the authorities
regarded him as an anti-war activist
and possibly also an enemy that original post on a free republic
contains a telling indication of a mindset which in the heat of work
could well kill an American regardless of the enemy.
A mindset which is now reacted to Michael Bergs' loss of his son like this.
I wonder what he thinks about his Muslim buddies now.
A mindset displayed by such keywords used on a free republic
to categorize the list of anti-war supporters.
The keywords are of Peasnix, Dan Commies, Enemy Within,
Lettists, Peasnix, rats, scumbags, traitors,
treasinus.com, use the idiots and war on terror.
And yes, we did use the one word because it's in a news story
and you better not have dumped it.
I waited a month.
He was reaching for it.
It was a news story.
Okay, it's a month.
So there you go, that's so that,
and you can take that with the, like I said, two or three grains of salt
or not believe it or whatever you want.
But certainly the first part about the company.
Sure.
And about the confusion about the father and the son,
their political opinions and their position on the wall,
all these things.
Hey, presidents and senators don't have people.
Right.
Who's being naive now?
Schmuck.
From minutes after one at 560, WNQA,
Vum is TV, but not your ordinary pedestrian TV.
It's high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish
and H.D. receiver.
The picture is so absolutely unfailable.
You won't believe it.
The quality is like comparing the latest DVD to an ancient old video.
Vum is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV.
Vum's got the most HDTV anywhere and provides you with all the equipment
necessary to enjoy the ultimate HDTV experience,
including satellite dish, HD receiver, and the remote.
And Vum's got over 30 channels.
About 30, man.
Of HD programming, you can watch ESPN and high definition.
That's three times more than you get from cable.
And they've all your other favorite channels like HBOM TV,
even your local channels too.
Vum's got over 120 channels of great entertainment.
They have exclusive channels of HD movies, music, and sports
that you can't even get from your cable or satellite company.
So with Vum, you get everything you've got now.
Plus all these new, awesome high definition channels too.
Call today to check this out.
You better not wait because the offer ends May 31.
Call 1-866-848-8666 or visit boom.com for limited time offer.
And the offer includes free installation,
OFronkost, and no long-term commitment either.
Call them today, tool free, 1-866-848-8666
or check them online at Vum.com.
Call 1-866-848-86 or check them online at Vum.com.
We're sports radio devices.
UAM.
A poll show the American people are concerned
about the gigantic budget deficit.
Yeah, I understand.
Hey, I got an idea.
Let's cut taxes.
This man suffers from a serious affliction called DADD.
Deposit Attention Deposit Disorder.
But he's not alone.
Senator Perry, what will you do about the budget deficit?
We need to increase taxes, but not quite as much as we increase spending.
Virtually every politician suffers from deficit attention deficit disorder.
Those affected are enabled to stop spending more money than they're bringing in.
And now, alarmingly, DADD has spread to the general population.
Honey, look at this credit card bill.
You're right. We've got to do something.
Oh, look! It's green TV, that's sales.
Let's go!
Please, get generously to the DADD fund.
And we'll spend more on research than we get in donations,
because we too suffer from deficit attention deficit disorder.
Until we find a cure for spending the money you can't afford to send us,
we'll be forever in your debt.
117-560-WQM.
What's your number one complaint?
Bush is destroying America.
441 votes. Nobody even close.
I'm not getting enough sex 105.
I'm getting older in it sucks 53.
I'm as fat as a cow.
Kevin's any weight 51.
My wife isn't bisexual 41.
Nobody's spigot inglesed my Emmy 38.
Sunflutter drivers 27.
I live in Florida 18 and pretty peered about it.
Lots of heart sounds on the Eurodger show 18.
Moe Howard David had still on year 16.
My boss is a...
16.
OJ Simpson still for age 6.
The American media sucks 5.
The child supports system 3.
It's too human with 1.0.
It's too human 1.
Giant mosquito is 1 and the Miami Herald's only got 1 out of 841.
He's only got 1 in 2.
8, 2, brute.
How come we don't have homeless people on every street corner like this facts
that we got that's an excellent one.
What do you mean we don't?
Do we have the homeless voice?
Oh, on the... on the pole there?
Right.
Did we mention it yet?
Well, no, I just got the facts you sent me here from this is very creative from our friend Jean.
Yeah, no, no.
And the homeless says homeless people on every street corner.
We want to be more specific than that.
We want to talk about Sean Canoney and the homeless voice, Josh.
Homeless voice. Got it? Good.
Yeah, it's on the...
People I hate it can't stand it.
They're tattivates to be against the law.
Now, see you got me started now.
I don't know what really got sent me off.
I think it was that debate between that right when I lunatic from California Dennis Cassinich.
It was that the so-called debate in which they let Dennis say about 10 words.
Thought third man.
And then of course the net story that I just breathlessly found on the drudgery tort.
That's with two T's.
And this one from the nation exporting America's prison problems by Dan Frosh.
In 1997 a 29 year old schizophrenic inmate named Michael Valent was stripped naked and strapped to a restraining chair by Utah prison staff
because he refused to take a pillowcase office head.
Shortly after he was released some 16 hours later, Valent collapsed and died from a blood clot that blocked an artery to his heart.
The chilling incident made national news not only because it happened to be videotape but also because Valent's family successfully sued the state of Utah and forced it to stop using the device.
Directed the Utah Department of Corrections Lane Maccorder who was named in the suit and defeated the chair resigned in the ensuing firestorm.
Some six years later Lane Maccorder was working in Abu Ghraib prison, part of a former anti-movic congressional adviser sent by the Justice Department and charged with a sensitive mission of reconstructing or vaccinate notorious prisons ravaged by decades of human rights abuse.
While Maccorder left her back shortly before the current scandal, double-grave began and says he had nothing to do with the MPs of committee of atrocities,
is very presence there raises serious questions about US handling of the Iraqi prison system.
It's bad enough that the Justice Department pick Maccorder, who's reputation in Utah was at best controversial and a worth disturbing,
but further the Justice Department hired him less than three months after its own civil rights division released a shocking 36 page report documenting inhumane conditions adding to Mexico jail,
run by the company where Maccorder is an executive.
Here was a man whose prisons have been played by reports of inmate mistreatment for nearly a decade,
Lane Maccorder's administration here had a horrifying record on human rights, said Carol Canade in 2002.
Indeed, around the same time Michael Vellant died, Gen. C. Anderson, then a lawyer for the group interviewed close to 40 Middle East inmates,
who had also been restrained in the chair.
We found out they were being kept there for far longer than necessary, says Anderson.
There were cases where inmates ended up sitting in their own feces, they were being tortured.
Shortly after Vellant's family went to court, the ACLU filed a lawsuit against three Utah DOC doctors this time for vinding a mentally ill man,
Nick had saved his underwear to a stainless steel pallet called the board for 85 straight days.
That case was settled out according to newspaper reports.
Generally under Maccorder's rule, human rights were not respected, no, Anderson, after he left things improved a great deal.
But there were soon to become more since Santa Fe, New Mexico, where county officials decided to hire management and training corporation,
a private Utah based corrections company to run its jail.
Maccorder was at habit now worked as MTC's director of corrections business development.
In August 2001, Maccorder won secretariat corrections in New Mexico, traveled to Santa Fe,
to finalize MTC's three-year contract to operate the Santa Fe County Detention Center.
Less than a year later, a team of justice department correctional experts was inside the Santa Fe jail investigating civil rights violations.
In March 2003, the report concluded that certain conditions violated inmates' constitutional rights,
and that inmates suffered harm at the risk of serious harm from among other things,
wolf-filled efficiencies in healthcare and basic living conditions.
The report documented numerous and horrifying examples, and threatened to lawsuit if things didn't get better.
Amid the fallout, the justice department pulled its approximately 100 federal prisoners out of Santa Fe,
an MTC fired its warden and pressured its medical subcrime tractor, positions network association to acts one of its medical administrators.
Then on May 20th, in a case of unfathomable irony, it's really a general John Ascroft announced,
that Maccorder along with three other corrections experts had gone to Iraq.
The very same day, Justice Department lawyers began their first negotiations with Santa County officials
over the extensive changes needed at the jail to avoid legal action.
The Justice Department will comment on why it chose Maccorder, whose company has been hounded by well-publicized and ongoing healthcare security
and personnel problems at many of the 13 persons that operates in the U.S. Australian Canada.
Meanwhile, the Ontario Provincial Government is currently investigating an inmate death,
an MTC's Canadian prison on May 5th, and inquest into three other mysterious deaths over the past year expected,
according to an article in the very examiner.
In a May 7 statement, Maccorder emphasized that he was mainly in Iraq to oversee the structural renovation of Iraqi prisons,
and to train Iraqi citizens for correctional duties, he stated that there were no inmates at Abu Ghraib,
while he was therein that he never supervised military personnel.
According to Gary Delaand, also a member of the correctional team in Maccorder's predecessor at the Utah DOC,
the two of them worked along with the Battle Brigadier General Janis Karpinski,
an MP's from various battalions, but that none of the faces on television looked familiar.
Delaand says the Justice Department paid him $8,500 a month while he was in Iraq before bumping his salary up to 12 grand a month
toward the end of the four-month trip.
He defends Maccorder as one of the very best correction administrators I've ever met.
Judy Greene, a prison-reformed consultant, disagrees.
There are any number of correctional administrators active or retired that had good records,
in whom I would rather see in tap by the Justice Department for this kind of assignment,
Maccorder was no expert in how prisoners should be treated or how prison staff should be trained.
Interestingly, Chase Rievelin, former secretary of corrections both in Washington and Colorado,
who green says his respected both by prison reformists and correction administrators,
turned out an offer to join the Justice Department's team,
the philosophies of the individuals that were going did not match mine, Rievelin told the nation.
While it seems unlikely Lane Maccorder was involved in the unfolding abuse scandal at Abu Ghraib,
his hiring given his troubled history and current employment at the equally troubled MTCs,
and another example of the unending and unabashed bumping of the occupation.
Perhaps most important, if this is the type of personnel decision we can expect from critical agencies
like the Justice Department, there's probably more scandal to come.
And I would say absolutely correct.
I do like that.
Just like this general Jean Miller,
that was transferred from a Gitmo over to Iraq,
known as the lunatic of Gitmo.
How can you say that if he wanted to give Mo at Gitmo, more punishment, more abuse.
And so when the heat became real great there,
what do they do? They transfer them over to Iraq where he can really straight things out.
Like the Catholic Church.
Exactly. Move them around a little bit. Sounds good to me.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil. Yes, I am.
Neil, regarding your whole foot today.
That's Reverend Jones again.
How sad.
5670560, well see he's only one of the few crazy people that we read through all that reading I did there all the time.
He'd be one of the very few people. He's valuable enough. He's patient.
Plus. I have no life. WDQAM, hello.
Hi, view.
Yes, sir.
I just like to say that I've come out with the seminar on the game.
Okay, great. I can't wait. Reverend Jones and his boyfriend that you're beside by each.
A perfect and exacta seminar on on that. We can't wait.
26 after one at 560. Don't forget to join the big O.
4 to 6 this afternoon at the new Seminole Hard Rock Casino in Hollywood.
Stop by the spin the wheel for prizes.
That's if they brand new Seminole Hard Rock Casino with the big 4 this afternoon 4 to 6.
When you got your hair fallen out in chunks when you got like a cue ball on your head instead of like a real good head of hair.
If you were one of those mousey looking pieces people will laugh their ass off at you.
I bet you.
If Dennis Gassini would have gotten with it a long time ago he'd have had some votes, you know.
He waited too long to get himself a good head of hair.
Well, you guys out there don't have to wait long. All you have to do is call our good buddy Charles Alfieri because he's designed and supplied hair systems.
The big guys, the little guys, important guys, slappers, everybody in between for more than 35 years.
He's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America.
They today show in CBS Morning News introducing his panted hair system.
They'll pursue the most amazing natural hairline system anywhere.
Now keep in mind the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline and Charlie's new skin like hair system is so great looking.
It's 100% on detectable and Charlie gives you a 30 day guarantee.
What's not to like if you don't after a month love the way listen feels and smells.
Return it for a full refund so I'd have to lose his that glaring shiny vault spot or that mousey looking piece and keep in mind Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and trim.
So don't delay call Charlie today and change your life forever.
Look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could call 1-800-321-2413.
Say goodbye to that muskrat.
Absolutely.
It gets yourself a great looking head of hair. 1-800-321-2413 or go online, Charles Alfieri.com.
This is your twin life signal. 2 AM.
From the Vatican introducing new Catholic life.
The religion with one third the guilt of your regular fate.
New Catholic life satisfies your need for Christianity but it doesn't fill you up with a lot of doctrine.
More of a million! More of a million!
But Catholic right there's no confessions no sermons and no lingering afterlife.
It's the perfect alternative for modern agnostics who don't want to take any chances.
Our services are held three times a year and they're only 15 minutes long.
Plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion. We've dropped that too.
Look for our churchma beel in your neighborhood.
Hey hey you might be in the front pew for ye of little faith try Catholic right because a little faith is all you need.
131 and 560s by the way Spain of the Catholic Church. Mexico City you must have just made this up.
Yeah that's right up.
A Catholic priest shot to death the mayor of Attana in Western Mexico City early yesterday after the pier got drunk and began punching each other during a religious festival state official sin.
Oh a drunken priest how unusual how religious festivals I don't believe you.
After exchanging blows.
Just walk away the priest whipped out.
A nine millimeter pistol in quiet four bullets.
Into Lorenzo Ruiz I wonder he's related to conchita Ruiz.
Not anymore.
Mayor of Chalpat the act.
You do your clean it up and indigenous town.
Nessled in the mountains 220 kilometers west of the Guerrero State Capitol of Chilpancingo.
Authority said.
It seems that they were arguing these two men they were they get together they had words in the pre shot the mayor.
They're apparently were both in the state of drunkenness of Guerrero State spokesman.
Jesus Nava local newspaper said the priest and they identified as Lorenzo Quayar was arrested after he also shot the mayor's son injuring him.
The priest was in town to celebrate the local religious festival which started to the evening and lasted into Wednesday morning.
Guerrero was one of the poorest and most violent states in Mexico.
Thank goodness that the Catholic Church is such a calming and rational interest all over Latin America.
And we have all these great democracies and people are living a very high standard living in all of these things.
Fabulous not to mention of course the great job the pope did in Cuba.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line.
WQ a hello.
Hi I was wondering where the Catholic Church is denying democratic politicians that approach toys to receive a communion but they allow a child molesting priestess to receive communion.
Because there are a bunch of liars and hypocrites.
Love your show.
Thanks we have a great day.
She is coming with the mouthful of soda.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line.
Oh I was pleased to see even though of course it only made a little blip for there too.
Remember the story I had a couple of days ago about the school for the deaf in Boston.
And the big scandal about that about the nuns that abused and molested and tortured and just horrendous things to all those poor kids and now.
They sued a lot of these people sued and they actually headed on the end of the cable news networks there for a little while.
You know how many times did we see it about one or two as opposed to everything else that we see at least 20 or a third of times.
But it was on there.
Just another example of one of these many isolated incidents.
See when you are dealing with these sexually frustrated neurotic people priest non all of these people trying to live this very unnatural life.
They wind up doing a lot of very unnatural grotesque things.
What a shock.
It's just like during war all of these grotesque horrendous things happen because generally the whole concept of war and killing other people especially when they didn't attack you in the first place is sick and twisted to begin with.
Well I ran those planes into the middle.
So it's amazing really when you come right down to it.
And let me also just point out that the same rumsfeld when they asked him this morning if that dog and pony show they put on whether all the pictures should be released.
He said yes if we're up to him but then again the legal eagles have to look through what he had yet.
But for work to him that our shall also be released and then here we have that debated with Kucinich another there a wacko and he's going on about well you know they shouldn't permanently be put away somewhere nobody should be able to see him.
Because that's the excuse now for a Nick Berg getting his head shot dog and it's the excuse for anything else that's going to happen.
Of course they didn't need an excuse to chop off Daniel Pearl's head but don't confuse people with the facts.
So they've already said that all the pictures ought to be released but isn't it something that there's all of this moral outrage about the torture and the humiliation and degradation of the Iraqi person is most of whom 79% and 90% of more arrested by mistake.
Didn't do a damn thing and then of course they all there but they're terrorists.
Yeah right.
But the 16,000 civilians who have been named and killed and who's all these things nobody's even talking about them.
You have to get one of the Brit newspapers.
I think it's the daily mirror or the independent that changes the stats every week and shows you the latest up to the both the so called US and Brit what we call the coalition forces which is over 1200 now and then the Iraqis which is over 16,000 who knows what it is by now.
I saw that last week because we don't care about those things.
We don't want to be told we don't want to be bothered with that.
It's just collateral damage of war.
Well what kind of a war is this?
Can you explain that to me where when did the war start?
When they flew them planes into the building.
Yeah right.
When did Iraq start a war?
When did they attack anybody?
And I read it to you off the air.
I think I hear how to read.
I've got a whole bunch of crap.
Oh that's okay.
No I don't read that part about the invitation to Saddam to invade Iraq.
I would to invade the Kuwait.
Yodder.
With these law or I'm just I'm looking by.
By slant drilling into a shared Iraq Kuwait oilfields the Kuwaitis were able to flood the world market.
They're by keeping the price per barrel with the US expectations.
With these lower oil prices, Saddam's oil industry even in maximum production could barely generate enough money to pay the interest on the national debt.
Despite repeated warnings to the system, Kuwaitis continued to provoke Saddam.
Meanwhile the US was sending Iraq mixed signals.
In January 1990, Assistant Secretary of State John Kelly met with Saddam and assured him that the US wanted to improve relations.
By July 25th with the Kuwaitis crisis coming to a head, Iraqi troops massed along the border.
Before acting however, Saddam deliberately sought clarification of the United States position.
Ambassador April Glassbe met with Iraqi President Baghdad and said,
We the USA have no opinion on Arab versus Arab conflicts like your border disagreement with Kuwait.
Secretary of State James Baker has directed our official spokesman to emphasize this instruction.
Taking this to be a green light, Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait August 2nd 1990.
It didn't take long for the West to develop a position on Arab Arab affairs.
By August 6th, the US took the lead at the UN Security Council imposing full economic sanctions against Iraq.
On the military, fraud general Schwartzkaw immediately began beefing up forces in the Persian Gulf.
Selling the American people on the idea of going to world liberate Kuwait however would not prove easy.
Since the 1973 oil crisis, the Gulf Arab's have been collectively vilified in the American media's rich fat cats who had crippled the US economy.
It was therefore easier to demonize the Iraqis.
This was accomplished in part through the gripping televised testimony of a young Kuwaiti girl.
Claiming to have escaped following the Iraqi invasion, she described in excruciating detail how Saddam soldiers had entered the NEO NADLE ward at the Kuwaiti City Hospital,
thrown sick babies out of their incubators and left them to die.
Only after the war would be discovered this was a complete fabrication scripted and produced by the American public relations firm Rudr Finn.
The young girl turned off the Kuwaiti ambassador's daughter who had been in Washington the whole time.
No babies had ever been left to die but the deception had worked in the public support for military action in the Gulf, sword and yada yada yada.
And as they say, the rest is crap.
FLY IN AND LOCAL!
Here's sports radio 560 she went to UAM.
God.
Turn around every time I drive my car into a gas station, the price is all in coming down around.
Every now and then I try to make it to work with my gasket reading just to worry.
Maybe I should call my boss and take a day off and go and drink all the beers I can buy.
Every now and then I get to wondering how the gas prices have risen to high.
Turn around my car.
Do you feel it up? I have to get a load around my car.
Why won't the swordy throw us a bomb?
Nothing up cash in the bank.
I am counting chains like a chum.
What goods or water obtain to bother you go to the pump?
If oil companies were in such homes, gas prices would slowly get better.
There is the songies who are holding the line.
Don't you remember what they did to us last time?
I don't know what to do. We have to get some balls.
We're running out of gas and on our costal.
We have to get gas back.
Not getting it from our rack.
We're the waste of an attack.
Once upon a time I could take the little.
And now I take a bus like a chum.
I don't know what to do. I total rip off out of power.
Absolutely.
I total rip off out of power.
143 and I'm looking at Amazon.com. The good news is,
the spinning on the axis of the evil America's war against Iraq is listed on there with five out of five stars.
All right.
And you can buy it in 1999, US, funds, 20 bucks.
Paperback, but it's worth it to be the best 20 bucks you ever spent.
The only bad news is it usually ships in three to four weeks,
which is probably because it's a Canadian publisher.
They write, in fact, during the next break I think I'm going to go on Amazon.ca.
Okay. See what I'm saying?
I do. By the way, they say that to cover their their asses,
because I've ordered from Amazon and they ship right away no matter what they say.
Really? Yeah.
I mean, generally speaking within a couple days.
Well, one moment, please. Let me do a, am I on? Am I on it now? I don't know.
How do that happen?
Let me just see. Spitting on the axis of evil. Here it is.
And usually ship the same thing three to four weeks.
But you'll have it no time at all. And what's the big rush anyway?
We might all still be alive by then. Yeah, what's the big rush?
Pop another one rush. WQAM, hello.
Hello.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Am I on it now?
5, 6, 7, you're almost this entire hour.
And I'm thinking to myself, why do I bother? Why do I waste time?
I give myself all whipped up like I'm really, I'm impressed.
Right.
I'm amazed. I'm whipped up to a frenzy about all this stuff.
And then we go to these calls, man, you could take your calls, folks,
and you could stick up in a thimble and have room left over for the Chinese army
for the number of meaningful crap.
Even the cranks are bad.
You don't want to say that?
Low quality cranks.
Low quality cranks. What are we talking about here?
And again, prove it and be out of shadow of a doubt.
They don't want to hear all of those bedtime stories, all that stuff that I read.
The real story about Nick, whatever the hell is his name was,
like I just had a drop dog, Berg. Berg.
No relation to Oki Berg.
Who?
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, like, Niel?
Speaking.
Hey, this is your old buddy, the cradle Catholic.
I'd like to ask you a couple of questions if I could.
I'd love to.
I love your show.
I just want to ask you a couple of questions if I could.
Do you think the Catholic Church, is there anything good about it?
No.
Not at all.
No, any A religion.
It's all crap.
Okay.
All right.
Well, I do love your show.
It just needs to be through the day every day.
But I don't know.
Well, did you just hear my answer to your question?
Was that just a rhetorical question?
No.
You say that every religion is all sick and twisted and a bunch of lies in it for morons.
Okay, sir.
That's my answer to your question.
It's for very, very weak, simple people who are stupid enough to believe a bunch of fairy tales,
written by even more stupid people thousands of years ago and passed on word of mouth,
generation to generation, and twisted and distorted and most of it made up anyway.
To manipulate and control these stupid masses out there.
And of course, for a great tax-free ride, too.
Of course, in the Catholic Church, there are a lot of those priests like a tax-free ride.
WDQAM, hello.
Jesus, look at that.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Niel.
Good afternoon, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, man.
Consonant.
For president, man, I'm here.
Okay, man.
WDQAM, hello.
Welcome, Niel.
Yes.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
I'm sorry.
Am I wrong?
read something earlier about nick burg and i didn't hear what any of it was about
but was there anything
familiar you know you know the claim in this
these people were outkited with dandy purl
what would they call them pack of standing extremists
there uh... terrorists in the city right right
but time-boss
has a bit of a right
but but with dandy purl
one thing that the uh...
the liberal media
never uh...
reported on was that they made him say
my father that you my mother that you
and i'm a few and then they chopped it off was there any audio proper for
this guy
oh yeah there was an audio alright in fact that lunatic uh... from uh... fox
news shone had to be
thirty seconds of audio on the air
of uh... you know the actual whatever they were reading in the aerobic
pop up a book and then the uh... slice off of his head and him screaming
etc. and so on
uh... he felt the compel to play that crap on the air
you know they showed the father this guy put a sign out in front of his uh...
of his house that said war is not the answer to just yet
you ought to go to our website and read it i email the terror and i'm sure he's
going to put it on the story about nick bergen what really a may have happened
over there in the fact that uh...
right wing websites put his name on an enemy's list because they thought that he
was opposed to the war which was his father
and etc. so go on air and read it please
i would be surprised to be recorded on their already would you
uh...
because you know i reckon he's right on top of it
once he waits up man he's dangerous
for some time on the weekend that until i two or three but once he waits up and
gets going man is no stop
let's see i just just take it a pic now to see if it's on her yet amma it's a
little bit digested you know
there's that cartoon
there's classic civilizations by marine dot it's not under quite yet but i
guarantee it will be any minute any moment
specially if i mentioned again
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t in for
eyes and
wireless line
wqm hello
yes sir
you see the uh... new time vertical
about
demand it
yeah we saw the i picked the readers uh... they picked your manager to
speak to you thank you very much
and that i was in the new times anyway that was in the city like
rea you know really when you come right out of the show
teaches you a lot
yet because we know we keep sitting here lamenting the fact i mean
how can the public be so stupid is that all of the stuff is going on and they
believe it and they believe bush and
and the poll show this
the masses out there are so freaking dumb and it's unbelievable if you don't
believe me especially sitting in that building just look around you
my
and look
this is for trade-off i see
way
but got about it
another thing
we're
that
a bit
voice
and
we
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
really
and
and
Thank you! You still can't set yourself up.
I feel just like that you are my little brother.
And when you need to another.
That's why you are still not by it.
That's coach-black toy, toy?
That's a losing exchange it's just over.
So now, don't run
Alright, that's enough.
156 at 560 WQAM.
Yeah, I'm thinking of myself about this hour, you know?
Yeah.
Like a microcosm of my life in this market.
Now, how are you?
In these calls, these brilliant colors.
And I'm thinking of myself about Ileon, for example.
Just to use that as an example.
Alright.
To show you how easily the masses can be manipulated by the medium, by, you know,
people will tell them that, oh, this is very important and you really ought to be very emotional about this.
And you ought to go out the streets, you ought to be screaming and yelling and occurring on.
Even though it didn't have a, it didn't have to do with anything.
Right.
Anything.
Look, it was a child custody case.
Right.
It's like when we have one of these missing girls and they just decided to me to, oh well,
there's some kind of an interesting story there, you know?
There's some kind of a real, a folksy story behind that.
So let's really get carried away.
There might be 50,000 missing people on the same day.
Right.
But the meaning of this is, oh, this one's very important.
You ought to be all whipped up into a frenzy about it.
Just like Lacey Peterson.
If I ever hear about Scott and Lacey Peterson again, it'll be so much too soon.
I want to put my earplugs out.
Too soon.
Okay.
You know, I'm saying.
Yes.
So this show really does a tremendous service.
I would say there's a few people in South Florida with an intellect.
But third man.
I'm IQ larger than their thumbnail.
And South Florida, other than that, is like a, it's like a dropping off point for the refuse of the human race.
I'll be generous.
I'll say maybe 15% of the people have an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
You were too far.
It's like a dropping.
That's all.
It's like what?
A dropping.
A dropping?
You said a dropping off point.
You could have stopped dropping.
I see like a pigeon, for example.
Right.
In other words, pigeon that we can't see on the ear.
But I'm going to the call in line nine.
We'll redeem this audience today.
QAM, hello.
A P.I.
I told you.
What an act there.
Yeah, sure.
I knew that would be the good one.
WQM, hello.
Retire.
See, and they can't, you're so boring, sir.
You can't even do it the right way.
You know, like I said, even the crank calls are bad.
Because you have nothing to say.
The crank call imitators.
Yeah, I'm right.
WQM, hello.
I'd like to ask you a challenge.
Please don't hang on, Bill.
WQM, hello.
What a bunch of losers.
Yes.
Hi, Bailey.
Oh, there you go.
There's a fat boy's boyfriend and neighbor, fat boy's friend.
Fat boys and probably a food pusher too.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Probably a concerted with many a meal.
WQM, hello.
Male.
Yes, sir.
That's not bread for Jones.
No, okay, good.
WQM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Russian in workshop.
WQM, hello.
All right.
See what I'm saying?
This was the day.
This way, I knew it was the...
What did I tell you before?
The everybody in the community.
Crazy.
Out of their minds.
They're fairly rational.
Some are rational.
All of them, no matter what.
They're all gathered around their radius today.
It's the gathering of melting pot.
What's your number one complaint that was our poll question today?
Bush is destroying America 506.
I'm not getting enough sex 115.
I'm getting older and at suck 62.
I'm as fat as a cow and can't lose any weight.
56.
Nobody's speaking English in Miami 46.
My wife isn't bisexual 44.
South Florida driver's 34.
The loss of the fart sounds on the Elijah show 23 devastating.
I live in Florida 21.
And Mohawar Davided.
19 is still on the air.
Still on the air.
But based on that last book.
Absolutely.
Who knows?
Bye, bye, bye.
Send the Elijah show on fly speaking.
Kill you QA.
Miami for marketing.
Saga style with candle drip.
