Lies, no balls.
Those guys ready for Wendell and Francois, don't forget them.
H5 on.
FIASAS in a charity.
FIASAS in a charity.
FIASAS in a charity.
WKAM, my heli for Glonerade.
Regri don't have the balls to face Joe Rose.
And do I like that?
On the next fear factor,
Olson Entertainment approved by the FCC seal of Good White Housekeeping.
We locked Etsy's chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of boobs.
See this mic?
This is a boob mickey of us.
Stop it!
Stop this thing!
I'll find you!
See this one?
See this one here, Mikey?
It's a bumper sticker for the fight against breast cancer.
Wait for me!
Plucky little Sissy!
Here's my breast!
Fear factor with Michael Powell.
Must see TV for the minds of ignorant little babies.
Ruffy you by direct TV.
Now it's over 200 cows of garbage and sh**.
It's 10-1 at 5-60 WQA.
Welcome, Moni.
Wednesday morning.
Happy Wednesday to all?
Hey, you're laughing, man.
It's no laughing matter.
What else do you have to do?
Not only can you say shmit anymore.
You can't even take one.
Well, I bet you took a really good one this morning because that may be your last substantial.
That may be your last.
I hope it was very antiseptic, too.
Yes it was.
Here's the results of yesterday's pool.
What I said during the open air is true.
That Joe Rose still is temporary because Greg reads a coward and won't have that meeting.
This is the absolute MS.
This is the truth.
One day, not too long ago, Greg made the ultimate mistake of being in a hallway like in the middle of Joe's show
and can't win a commercial break and Joe came out and said,
Hey, Greg, this would be a great day to have that meeting and let's get this whole thing wrapped up.
Greg said, Oh, no, I got a big meeting at 10 o'clock and ran down the hall.
Didn't walk down the hall, ran away like a child, like a coward that he is.
And just keeps yanking his man along.
Now one day Joe Rose is finally going to say, although he, you know, he subscribes to my theory of just taking him to my right to the bank.
One day he's going to say, and I'm getting tired of getting jerked around.
This guy won't even sit down and talk to me and keeps canceling meetings and lies and lies through his teeth.
I'm just not going to be in tomorrow.
Just going to tell him, okay, give him my best shot. That's it.
And I asked one of our intermediate management people level, whatever he is this morning,
well, what's our contingency plan that we have? One and he said, oh, no!
Anyway, yesterday's pull result for it is going to take a long time, 1563 votes.
Which big name celebrity of the past 10 years is the biggest no talent piece of crap?
Now the FCC is having those hearings today with Mel Carmesen and Paul Tagliabub.
And they want to tape that halftime shirt from the Super Bowl.
I'll bet they do. Who does it?
Well, how many times they see it an hour?
About 30 minutes!
They still want to see that tape. They want to look at a real close to probably going to freeze frame in on it.
Make sure that it is what they thought it was.
Anyway, biggest no talent piece of crap.
And I'm saying, you know, maybe the last time we can say crap on a radio.
Paris Hilton 297.
We had a great battle by... I printed this out before they're changing it off,
because somebody is dicking with the pool. They're dicking with it.
Dr. Phil and Justin Tinkerbell tied for second with 136 seats.
Somebody with a bug up there, but I mean, I realized most of us hate Dr. Phil,
but somebody really zoomed him up there.
136 apiece for him and Justin Tinkerbell.
And in a call, Smith 115.
Then, a smelor 87.
P. Diddy 83.
50 cents 77.
J. Low 73.
Adam Sandler 53.
Brittany Spears 52.
And by the way, if you like that toxic video, you better stay up real late,
because MTV, even though it's a cable channel, I'll get to that sternum.
They're deciding they're going to stick it on real late at night,
because it's a little bit too toxic.
Yeah.
Nicole Richie 46.
Tom Green 38.
Carrotop 36.
Carson Daily.
The Spiesim 34.
Kid Rock 31.
Bill Mara 24.
Fan Diesel 22.
Ben Affleck 22.
Aston Kuchikuchi Kuchikuchi 21.
Sharon Osborne had about 20.
And he's dick 18.
Fred Durst 18.
Sarah Jessica Parker 17.
Simon's Cowell 15.
Ricky Martin and Ray Romero were tied.
How do you like that?
14 apiece.
That's a Ray Romero.
Ray Romano.
Same person.
Two pack 13.
Anacornaholia 12.
You can go on our website and our bedtime stories today.
And see anacornaholia on the cover of that side.
The swimsuit issue, which is coming out today.
You can also see Jennifer Conley.
She's our very first in a new feature on our website,
which we're calling what we're calling the sexy,
select picture of the...
Something like that.
And there's Jennifer Conley.
Now she's not completely stark naked.
We have some of those pictures, but this one is very erotic
and very tasteful.
I think we wouldn't put naked pictures on there.
But we're just going to ease into it lightly.
And then we'll see what happens with that meeting today.
I'm not talking about the meeting between Greg and Joe,
because that's not going to take place.
Probably ever.
Lenny Kravitz-9, Bernie Mac-8, and Greek-Age Glacier-Sate.
Colin Quinn-7, Alicia Keys-2, Matthew McConaughey,
and McGonaghey, whatever his name is, too.
Ed Norton had a pair and Nora Jones had one.
She would have had a pair that would respect it or more,
but she only had one.
Kind of like Mariah Carey,
with Ed Wenzhagannick-Bub in the middle of her chest.
So that's the result of yesterday's poll.
Bad news.
Carbom kills 45 would be Iraqi soldiers.
And the second deadly attack in as many days.
A suicide car bomber today killed 45 people.
Most of them are Iraqi men standing in line for recruitment
of the new Iraqi army, Iraqi medical officials said.
Last tap in 725 this morning, local time,
in front of the Iraqi Army recruiting center in central Baghdad.
The car bomb was driven by a single male,
and coalition military officials believe it fits the pattern of an al-Qaeda attack.
The bomb was between 300 and 500 pounds,
which is pretty big, but not as big as Dr. Atkins when he died.
That whole deal, look into that.
That is just so pathetic.
And keep in mind, who is behind that whole thing.
Peta.
Yeah.
People for the ethical treatment of animals,
and as much as I'm an animal lover, especially a dog lover,
these people are crazy.
They're lunatics.
And they're so pissed off between the people on the one hand.
Peta.
And then, of course, the apostat and bread,
the murdering people on the other hand.
Right. The industry.
The industry is out to get Atkins,
even though he's dead already,
because they're getting pissed off and fired up about this.
Oh, look at this.
Now she's on Capitol Hill with a look at today's congressional hearings on
indecency on the airway.
The lane. Good morning.
Good morning to you, dear.
And will the Super Bowl halftime incident is sure to take center stage today
with two hearing sets for the...
They're pissed off and fired up, baby.
...as you can see already on the...
There's like a booby sitting around there.
Commerce committee is holding that hearing on protecting children from violence
and indecent programming.
Now, among those scheduled to testify later are all five FCC commissioners,
including federal communications commission chairman Michael Powell.
Hey!
I'm just waiting for the committee chair Senator John McCain started
by noting that this hearing was scheduled well before what he called the CBS Networks Fumble.
Right.
I wouldn't even dignify with a response. It's so pathetic.
You folks who think that you got any freedom is left in America?
Dream on, man.
We're taking enormous gigantic steps back into the Stone Age.
Now, what was I just saying before I saw that?
Something very important.
I don't know about that.
Greg being a coward.
Anyway, you like this story?
A little change of pace from these France before we get into the heavy duty stuff.
And before we check all in pictures out for the hot couple's contest.
No more new ones, huh?
Not today.
Although, yeah.
Let me check again.
Better check your emails there, man.
We might have something really hot.
We actually have eight.
So I don't need to really push it all that much.
And by the way, for our sales department, especially Fat Boy,
we've already got the contest rules written up.
And we've already got this thing for quite some time now.
So quit trying to stick your big fat self in there and ditto around on the side.
Man, he is just...
You just can't control that son of a bitch.
Just out of control.
Oh, guess what, Pally?
Get out of here.
Get out of our contest.
Get out of our studio.
Get out of my life, Fat Boy. You idiot.
You tub of crap.
Nothing new, huh?
No.
These France, dressed in a D'Amir Black suit, a 35-year-old French woman
has married her dead boyfriend,
and exchange of vows that occurred authorization from President Jacques Chirac.
Under French law, Christel Demichelle became both bride and widow in the ceremony,
which was performed Tuesday, at niece, city hall, and the French Riviera.
The groom of former policeman identified only as Eric,
was killed by a drunk driver in September of 2002.
Boy, he must be getting a little bit gamedy by now, wouldn't you think?
You think?
I guess he's probably in a box.
Demichelle told LCI TV she understood it could seem shocking to marry someone who is dead,
but her feelings for him had not dimmed.
His body wasn't present for the ceremony.
Thank God.
Such marriages are legal.
If the living spots can prove the couple I'd intended to marry before the other one died,
the French President must also authorize it.
Also, the French are cracking down big time on the headguille, you know?
And all the schmothers and stuff will get to that.
Again, back to the MTV thing.
This is amazing.
This just goes to show how people pee in their pants.
All the FCC has to do is start threatening and rumbling,
and they got these hearings on Capitol Hill, and right away nobody can do anything normal.
And the public sits back, boom, boom, boom, hey, a Joe, you think William's going to go to a junior college?
Or what do you say?
I mean, seriously, we need a brain transplant in America before it's too late.
I'll tell you, you need a brain transplant.
How are Dean, your man?
Is that no more?
Wow.
He is such an asshole.
A lunatic.
He's on our last night.
I mean, he gets single digits in Virginia and Tennessee,
and Kerry wins in a landslide.
He only wanted to add anything going forward with Edwards,
because now the Clark is dropped out or going to drop out today officially.
You know, Edwards might run respectable second everywhere now,
like he did in Mordy Run in both of these, right?
Okay.
Both Virginia and Tennessee.
He edged out the Clark for second.
So anyway, and here's Dean on our last night.
Well, no matter what happens in Wisconsin, he's still hanging in there
because his supporters want him to compete.
It's going to be a two-man race between him and Kerry.
Excuse me.
Has he won any primaries?
No.
Or caucuses?
No.
Did he come in respectable in any of these?
No.
And in this business of just picking and choosing.
See, I hate to break the news to you, Dr. Dean,
but when you wanted for president, you have to run in all 50 states.
Not just, all I think I'll run in for mine, you know?
Right?
Maybe I got a shot.
And then he's going on, Ripon Kerry again about,
well, he's the only one who took all that money from Special Interest
and he did this and yada yada yada yada.
And I'm there.
And he's just repeating the same old tarot stuff.
This is a man who refuses to take no for an answer.
Whatever the question is, the answer is always here.
He's pathetic.
In the aftermath of Janet Jackson's controversial Super Bowl breast exposure,
MTV has decided that popped out Britney Spears,
maybe a bit too toxic for daytime tastes.
The music channel which produced Jackson's notorious halftime to what
was just in Tinkerbell City at Amundae,
it's moved six of its racier videos,
including Spears video for her new single,
toxic from daytime to late night rotation.
Record labels for Spears, another artist whose videos were
consigned overnight programming from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m.
were informed of the move last week.
A spokesperson woman for the network said she denied that MTV was engaging
in self-sensorship or responding to pressure from its corporate
period via Com Inc.
Okay?
Via Com Inc.
Which of course also owns?
CBS.
We always take into account what the cultural environment is
in an ongoing basis to spokeswoman said,
given the particularly sensitivity in the culture right now,
we're airing on the side of caution for the immediate future.
Oh my God, they're going to be ruling out all the old Kate Smith
and the Rick Nelson videos.
That's what you're going to see on MTV.
I'm telling you right now, and the ones where they showed Elvis from the
way stuff only.
Zyna America, that's all I can tell you.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM, this is the last mortgage you'll ever
need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs,
zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, and zero discounted points.
Get yourself the new amazing low interest rate, and just 1.25%.
If you have $100,000, loan your payments are a mere $334 a month,
a $200,000 loan cost only $668 a month, and don't forget,
once you refinance you get a new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call today toll-free, $1809.40, and they'll explain it to you.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move your next property
with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing costs,
even when you move to another property.
Get that new low rate financing, just 1.25% with the only one mortgage
from financial group. Never ever pay closing costs again.
Call for all the details today with no obligation, call $1809.40,
and that's financial group at $1809.40 LED,
the Renequal Housing Lender, restrictions apply,
rates up to change monthly, $4.21 APR.
My life and look all this is Fort Real Vice-ITG,
the new AM.
Great HUB, in the vows of the WGOM Labradoran,
highly skilled engineers in white lab ghosts
work favoritiously with their clipboards that bring you...
Serial, funny soul,
sounding stereo.
Listen closely, as a sound can travel as if by magic
from speaker to speaker.
Left speaker, right speaker.
Re-main stereo.
How can you listen to your favor W2AM programs?
Why the month's Quasar receiver, of course,
simply ask to have a quality month's Quasar receiver installed in your car
at any authorized month or two month dealer.
I can't wait 1017 at 560 WQM, your HDTV,
a Wii Wii A station for the new millennium.
In stereo, no less.
You hear the difference?
No, I do.
Also, not only the...
I just want to finish this story about the Britney Spears Toxic video,
among the other ones that are going to be put way, way late at night,
10 PM till 6 AM.
Blink 182,
Maroon 5,
and the rap rock outfit incubus,
who's video for the song Megalomaniac, depicts an eight-all-fittler character
with angel wings flying over a crowd.
In a statement issued by the band's publicist,
incubus guitarist Mike Einsiger,
mocked MTV's playlist,
alteration saying it's ironic that this MTV scrutiny comes from an incident
where someone bared their chest in public while for the first time,
our singer has a shirt on for an entire video in this one.
He ain't even burying his boobies.
But the boobies at Viacom and CBS and MTV is like,
oh, G.C., we're doing everything we can now to be nice boys.
We're doing everything to be on our best behavior.
That's pretty shocking about the fact we have no more entries in our hot couple contest.
Oh, it's gone, Greg. I lied.
What is it?
I did a send-in receiving there are two more and you should have them better.
I see. Some of the words you lied.
I lied.
Well, I'm trying to remember how many did we have last year?
About third man.
Now, on each one, what do we have about a dozen, 15, 20ish, I think, maybe.
Do we on each one?
15 to 20, I think.
So we got like 10 now.
So I guess by the end of the week we might do that.
See, you're so negative, man.
Sorry.
Don't you understand we have a lot of people listening. They're just all ugly.
They are not negative.
They can relate to us. They're all ugly.
So what's wrong with nothing wrong with being ugly?
Most people are ugly.
And if we're for us ugly people, then the good looking people wouldn't stand out.
They have the point of record that tremendous service we're doing for everybody else.
I mean, somebody looks at me and says, holy crap, I feel pretty good about the way I look.
And then it turns out to be fat boy.
Oh, and some good news for you.
This is going to make you feel good.
And I don't want to too much good news because Sean and Sean, you're great, man.
Sean ought to be like an apparel whoever Sean and Hollywood is.
Because he's the one inspired our poll for today with that thanks yesterday.
He said, you're sure it's been much too uplifting lately.
Maybe you might consider this for the poll.
So I did it about the most depressing movie ever made.
So we don't want to be too uplifting.
We want to be depressing because these are depressing times.
These are the times that fry men's holes.
Woman drops lawsuit over Jackson Peep show.
Isn't that great?
Oh, it's a really bad story.
Less than a week after finding a class action lawsuit because of a outrage over Janet Jackson Super Bowl TD stunt,
Terry Carlton believes she's made her point.
What's the point?
The Knoxville bankers were throwing the suit file last Wednesday, Newest District Court against Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell.
Also, they were suing MTV, CBS, Viacom, everybody down the pike.
The lawsuit had sought billions of dollars in compensatory impunity damages.
Carlton led to China, others who watched the show during the Super Bowl were injured by the performers' lewd actions when Tinkerbell did that when he yanked it.
The notice of this missile filed on federal courts has Carlton wants to see if remedial measures announced by federal regulators and the companies involved succeeded in preventing similar stunts.
In the lawsuit filed on behalf of all Americans, Carlton charged that Jackson's exposure and sexually explicit conduct by the performers during the half-time.
The show's injured viewers, when at Bruy, just came popping out there, it came right through the screen and had a lot of eyes out.
It was an eye-popper.
I mean, what kind of assholes are we dealing with, you know what?
Major, it's a pathetic, it's sad.
But let me ask you, one serious question.
You think William's is going to get more trouble or what?
You think he's going to be okay?
Well, he, UM delayed his admission request and he faces a Friday hearing and he's got three nights in a jail with a BS.
Oh!
What do you think?
Stop it.
Now that's the important stuff.
This is what's wrong with America is crap.
This is what America, the minds of America have turned to.
Let me say it again.
Yeah, I want to say it as many times as I can because when that hearing is over, we probably won't be able to say,
any more even take one.
I'm telling you.
In fact, I'm going to tell you this right now speaking of Dr. Rackens and dieting everything else.
You better eat very light, that's number one.
You better go get a high colonic because after they have that meaning today when you crack, it has to be very antiseptic and not smell bad.
Right.
That's where Michael Powell is going to insist.
And we're going to have the, uh, the stench police.
We're going to have the crap police come to your home.
I'm telling you.
I understand that from no one, all toilet paper is going to have to be brown so that you can't see anything on it.
And I got news for you that won't be Mr. Whipple standing next to the bowl.
Okay.
That'll be the crap police.
Well, you can't squeeze that everything else.
We got the pleasure police.
We got the J. Walken police.
We got the pot police.
Now we got to have the police to make sure that it's nice and antiseptic and not all mushy and the smelly and crap.
Just whittled like it does.
Well, we can't talk about eschatory activity based on what?
See, this is why Americans are such lemmings, man.
Well, the FCC, the government said why?
Just arbitrarily.
They just sat around a bunch of old blue nose assholes one day, pandering to the fundamentalist lunatics
like the Apollo that had a plane.
Well, they had a father and daughter.
The daughter was a real valley girl, by the way.
They were on MSNBC last night.
I guess that was one of a few people watching.
And the father said that a lot of people on the plane thought that they were going to meet their maker.
Yeah.
They thought this was it.
I'd have been freaking out.
They thought that it was 9-11 all over again.
That the pilot was either some kind of a figure that took over the controls of the plane,
or that he was a religious nut who was going to crash the plane in the ocean so they all meet the Lord
and go to the wherever they were going up down the ring between.
And then American Airlines, let me say to you, American Airlines, you suck!
They released a statement where they tried to say, well, he was just joking.
And he didn't really say, uh, yeah.
And they totally changed the statement around it.
All the past years who were on the plane that had been interviewed said, no, that's not what he said.
We heard what he said.
And he said, if you're not a Christian, you're crazy.
I think maybe he had it backward.
If you believe in any of these garbage religions, any of these gutter religions, you are crazy.
Find the position.
Yeah.
Look up the list.
Does that smell Gibson? He'll tell you.
He's spreading some goodwill and good cheer.
Passionately.
Hmm.
WQA Am, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Pretty good. You're our first caller of the day, so make it really good.
Well, I've just called to say I've been listening to you for a long time,
and I am a huge fan.
You make me laugh and get through every day, and I just want it to look.
Thank you for a great, great, um, all these great years, and I really appreciate it.
That's all I got, Neil.
That is shocking.
Thank you so much.
And have a great day.
That didn't really happen, did it?
Let me pinch an inch here.
Let me pinch an inch.
Pinch it.
Well, it's all I got.
And man, that was, we met a cook right now.
Look at that.
And it's passing for the cook.
There was. There was Janet and Justin again.
He's gonna, he did it again.
I'm CNN.
It's disgusting.
That's why they keep showing it 400 times every hour.
It in the public.
We are.
I shouldn't probably say this, but I will anyway.
The American people as a group, I'm not talking about our audience,
because you hear by most of our calls every day that the audience we have are very intellectual,
but aside from our audience, the American people are so goddamn dumb,
and so is so managed and manipulated that it's really scary,
and the worst part of it is they don't even realize it.
Well, you got to be smart to realize it.
Well, that leaves them out.
I mean, what are we talking about here?
Poops.
Jesus.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I'm sorry you're really scared here.
I mean, the fact is that, you know, it's just a poop,
but there's so many people who worked up about it, fired up about it,
and the backwards, you know, religious right and the southern,
as well as the southern states, I think.
No.
No.
No, it's all over.
It's coast to coast, pull it to coast.
But the fact is, if the public didn't agree with this crap,
it wouldn't even be an issue.
Well, wait a minute, wait a minute.
If the public didn't agree with this crap, we had over at like Tom Jikker wrote,
we had over a half a million hits on our website three days running,
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, the last week,
and we're still getting hits up the ass if I can say that,
because of the fact that we had the Janet Jackson thing on our website.
The majority of the people loved it.
They will only want to see more, lots more.
But the goody-two shoes crowd see, there are things that are politically incorrect
and that's one of you cannot say that new to the on TV is acceptable,
that we want to see it.
You have to say, oh, I'm outraged by that, and I was disgusting.
And so the public says that.
But rational mind if people are not speaking of it,
and not laughing at that, you know, it shouldn't be a non-issue.
It's an absolute non-issue issue.
Absolutely correct.
I think we ought to be worried about important things like Willie Williams.
I'm like, you always say, Europe is laughing at it.
Right.
The whole world is just crappin' in their pants like doubled over the laughter.
Like what a bunch of the end-of-throws we are.
I'm movin' a camera party.
I'll see you at the border, man.
Oh, later.
See you on the old piece, bridge.
1026 at 560, WQM, stop being a bunch of children, man.
Grow up America.
Grow up already.
No.
And you'll notice that this Republican congressman from California,
I figure what the hell his name is, he's the one heading up this whole deal out.
To try to like sanitize everything.
Your radio, your TV, your CDs, your pop-up toaster, everything.
Your underwear.
You're sanitizing it, baby.
27 past 10 at 560, WQM.
I know Willie Williams is a lot more important than this crap.
It's a bunch of crap, right?
See you.
Uh-oh, say one more time.
That's what the Joe said, Greg Reed was, I think.
Said something about him being full of crap.
Hey, guys, last time he looked at it, it was just too small.
It doesn't impress women.
It definitely doesn't last as long as it used to.
We're talking about that paycheck.
You just get stretched very far because it's teeny and tiny and the paycheck too.
So call fast-trained toll-free at 1-866 fast-rain and start that new high-paying computer career.
Post-haste.
In just four short months fast-tracking up, you get a new high-paying computer career.
And the good news is the demand for computer professionals is still growing faster than that tumor on Todd Rex's ass.
So call today toll-free 1-866 fast-trained.
And with seven locations fast-trained, vow to have a campus convenient nearby where you live.
Fast-trained offers job placement, financial assistance for people to qualify.
And with day-night and weekend classes, there's no excuse to stay in that day-end job one more day.
If you registered now, you really can have a new life and a new career and a big fat one and a paycheck too that goes along with it in just four easy months.
So check them out on the web if you'd like it, fast-trained.com and make that call.
And when you do pick up that instrument and call, be sure and tell them that Todd Rex told you to call,
they'll be crappin' in their pants. Call 1-866 fast-trained.
And look all, this is 4-3-0-5-6-E.
You ain't, you ain't, yeah.
This old man's with jail always over and that she lead movin' he made what a strange.
Yes.
Child-loid news will be much colder, so I think you'll see them back again someday.
No one smiles when they separate.
Except my team and he'll be glad to take Ben's place.
Ben's without his jail, but she's still on his loan in mind.
He thinks about his jail, and he man would die for her nights behind.
Ben's without his jail, and his sad ass he can't be.
No one's been tonight. Ben's bad, won't be empty.
The watchmen understand that the Republicans are the good decent people,
though they moral uprighteous people, the ones that lie about war and things like that,
and then the son off a bunch of your kids to be butchered and killed,
and it killed 10,000 innocent Iraqi citizens, but nevertheless,
they're the good decent moral people, and that's why we're having these hearings right now.
They haven't a big to do one CNN about that right now.
You mean the people that steal from the poor and give to themselves?
That's right, and give to the rich.
Tax cuts for the rich.
You got it.
The people that lump the big corporations, outsource the jobs and send them all across to China,
and everywhere else in the world.
That's right.
And then tell us by the way that that's good for the economy and good for America.
I mean the one that can take away our overtime pay and all those benefits and restructure the law.
Exactly.
The ones that quit those non-proliferation treaties and then say,
they have the president today, they have a making a speech about weapons of mass destruction,
and about how proliferation is going to destroy the world and the environment and so on.
That's the ones, not that they're hypocritical or anything like that.
The ones where the vice president plays golf with the Supreme Court justice,
who's going to rule on his case about releasing the names of those energy,
people meetings, etc. and so on.
The ones that use Kenny Lay's plan to campaign.
Right.
Okay.
Microsoft wants consumers about major window security flaws.
Now I put, I went yesterday and I put every block, every patch, pardon?
I put the patch right on my screen.
The patch.
The patch.
That's right.
I put it on there.
Now seriously, every Windows update, you know, every security update, I installed everything.
Just in case.
Because Microsoft warned customers yesterday about unusually serious security problems
with its Windows software that could let hackers quietly break into their computers to steal files,
delete data or e-drop on sensitive information.
I did look at the two pictures.
I see we got a couple of nice, dark, complexed couples on our, which is good.
How about some Asian couples would be good?
Sure.
Sounds great.
But the first picture there, it seems to me that they already were on it.
One thing is that my imagination.
Huh?
I don't know.
They look awfully familiar to me.
Like one of those other pictures, well, whatever.
They didn't wait.
What?
Now I'm not talking about today when I think they're already on there.
I think it's already on the first day, but we'll see.
Microsoft, which learned about the flaws more than six months ago from researchers,
said the only protective solution was to apply a repairing patch.
It offered on its website.
It assessed the threat to computer users as critical.
It's highest rating.
In other words, the rating, what are we on?
Yellow or orange right now?
Yellow.
A terror threat.
Is it yellow?
I don't know.
Does it make a difference?
I think it's like amber.
No, that's not, that's not, sorry.
It's like a puse.
But the critical, it means it's a red warning for your computer.
A Microsoft security executive, Steven Toulouse, LaTrek, said the flawed, his name is Toulouse.
How do you like that?
Said the flawed software was an extremely deep and pervasive technology in Windows.
Urged customers to apply the patch immediately if not sooner.
And don't get panicked.
You can apply the patch, God damn it.
Immediately if not sooner.
At least you can say that.
What's that?
Patch.
The Department of Homeland Security also warned Americans about the software problems with emails.
Said across its new national cyber alert system.
Don't panic.
But get with the patch.
Just stick it right on there.
Or stick it on your arm.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's the, I guess I better give the poll a whole thing, although we're getting some votes on there.
Oh, look what's leaving the patch.
I do it.
I do it.
Even though I vote it for something else just.
What was the most depressing movie I've ever made?
Somebody says Lenny.
That's a good choice.
Who's the person?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
About third man?
About third man?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
About third man?
About third man?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
About third man?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
About third man?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
About third man?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
About third man?
How many people do you think Saul Lenny?
The film of it?
The film of it?
The film of it?
The film of it?
I want to give you a kiss.
The film of it?
Ok, so wrap it up.
After adding the title of Grammy winner to his resume,
Justin Tinkerbell is going after another movie star.
Another title.
This is the print is so small that you couldn't meet with the Palomar telescope.
Tinkerbell will start with Kevin Spacey, Morgan Freeman, and L.L. Cool J. and Edison.
Shooting is to begin March 8th in Vancouver with the film schedule for release next year.
David J. Burke of Law and Order, Special Victims Unil make his feature writing and directing debut.
After many years of looking at my many scripts, he decided on what we think is a terrific project.
Tinkerbell's publicist Ken Sunshine told the APS today.
You can judge by the quality of the other people associated with the film.
The director he's headed is he begins his film career.
Oh God! Wow! Edison!
The instinct singer will play a young journalist who discovers a...
...an elite team of corrupt police. Oh thank God this isn't about Thomas'.
Freeman plays the veteran reporter. He helps him and Spacey plays the DA's top investigator.
When asked whether shearing the screen with such formidable company will intimidate Tinkerbell Sunshine said,
Justin's 22, I don't think anybody has handled a kind of success he's had in 22 years better than he has.
On Sunday night, Tinkerbell won Grammys for a male pop-focal performance, Crimey Arriver, and pop-focal album for a solo debut justified.
During his acceptance speech he apologized, of course, for that grotesque average display of Janet's movie.
Wow, here's the poll. I'm going to pray you're right, I'll be pressed about that, that's not even made yet.
What was the most depressing movie ever made? We got... well I'll give you the result when we got so far in the vote.
Why not do it that way?
Requiem for Dream 12, great movie but very depressing. Midnight Express 7.
Why? That had a happy ending.
Did it really? Did it not? Tell me about that. He got out.
Yeah but he died. Eventually.
Oh yeah, it was so mario kidding me, it was so morbid.
It was morbid but it was happy he got out, he was reunited with his girlfriend.
And then Brad Davis died. And then he died.
Midnight, it was very morbid and depressed for me.
See, all you care about is the end, man the end.
To get to the end you have to like start in the beginning and endure all those scenes in the bathhouse.
Right, well, and the priest were pretty pissed off about it too that they weren't there to enjoy it.
He got that guy's tongue.
Requiem for Dream 12, Midnight Express 7. Midnight Cowboy 5.
Looking for Mr. Goodbar 4. Looking for Mr. Goodwrench.
Deliverance 4. Terms of Endearment 3. Citizen Kane 3.
Old to Billy Joe, that's what I voted for. Old to Billy Joe.
Oh don't chop Robbie, don't do it sweetheart.
I was hit the man.
Citizen Kane 3. What is that El Norte 3?
I'm glad the other people have seen it.
Makes right there we have never saw what is it?
It's about Guatemalan's and it makes right we have looked like it's a wonderful life.
Magnolia 2. Great movie but very depressing morbid.
Romney and Juliet 2. Lenny 1. Lenny Brewster.
See you know how many years ago was that Lenny Brewster?
About 30 man.
I think more than that.
Not like 15 I'm guessing here.
15? I can look it up.
No, I don't mean the movie I'm talking about when Lenny Brewster was all at ease.
Being abused and ridiculed and harassed and aligned and a long time ago.
And here we are it's 2004 boys and girls and you're Congress today with all the crap that's going on in the world.
All the problems all the people that can't afford to buy prescription drugs without any health care.
All the kids that are getting your crap excuse for an education with all the idiocy going on.
They're holding hearings on whether we can show titties on TV.
I'm Tonya man.
When we took that pool this audience had their thumb right on it when they overwhelmed when we voted grow up America.
That was the response to all this flap about the Janet Jackson booby flap.
I think somebody in this government ought to get the booby prize.
You know this is like bubble part to it any much worse.
This is like a penis skate all over again.
Oh the president was getting blow jobs.
Oh let's impeach him.
Oh my god.
And he lied about it.
Wow it is a scary thank you what thank God we have all the diversions because I think we'd all go nuts.
Thank the Lord for Willie Williams nuts.
Now Jason Williams that's another story you know the thing about the dog I can't stop thinking about that right.
I mean the limo driver I don't know maybe who's an asshole maybe he had a coming like Bonnie Bakley you know.
But the dog did not have a coming he might have been a rotten wiler but nevertheless.
And he killed us and nobody seems to care about that.
No.
And I would still like to find out why is it that he did that they know he did that and he didn't get any punishment for it.
In some other words you have a right to kill your own dog is that what you're saying partly and let me tell you that.
Now you tell me that let me died in tiny six when he bruised I didn't sixty six so we're talking like forty seven years ago.
And of course the WBA I think the George Carlin with the seven dirty words that was over thirty years ago.
And here we are in 2004 and everything has to be so sanitized.
I think even you're going to have to throw one of those sheets of bounce into your radio and TV you know to make sure it's like yeah.
1043 at 560 W.C. and Hay Valentine's Day is this Saturday in Pompadaparque Racing and Cardroom in Pompadabeech.
As a great couple special at the Pompadaparque restaurant. Too bad we don't have any couples listening to this show.
For just 79.99 you get a full course dinner for two including shrimp cocktail, seafood scampy and a free bottle of Corbell champagne.
Plus there'll be live music throughout the evening you'll have great seats to enjoy the racing action.
There'll be free flowers, prize drawings just for the ladies and for the kids three minutes your horse ride at seven to eight p.m.
On the track Saturday Valentine's Day is the opening round of the 250 thousand dollar electric precasing series with top horses from all across the nation.
Plus the annual sweetheart pays featuring only women drivers highlighted by the great B-Farber.
Not. On Friday the feature of Emily the opening round of the 125 thousand dollar Mac Lowbell trotting series.
Hey B that horse has been standing there for eighteen hours go clean them off a little bit would you please.
Located just a half mile from both I-95 and the Florida turnpike Pompadaparque is easy to get to invest of all.
Pompadaparque features free admission and free general parking every day and don't forget as part of the Valentine's Day festivities.
Creek kisses from Wally Hennessy when you enter the track for both the ladies and the guys.
Live harness racing in the Polk Room is open every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday at Pompadaparque including two night.
Or take a look at its Wednesday yes Polk Room starts at noon till midnight.
Live racing gets underway nightly at seven o'clock five p.m. You ever have those things where every day kind of like is the same as the other one they all kind of run in together?
No. Call Pompadaparque for more info at 972-2000 or check them out on the website at Pompadaparque.com.
Don't forget big Valentine's Day festivities this Saturday at Pompadaparque.
Live at the local CCS-5 CCS.
Radio's all yours.
Q-M.
What happens when two awesome forces collide inside a steel game?
Find out this Friday the Democratic primary danger featuring the main event Nature Boy Ric Flair versus Nature Boy our B.
Someone's gonna get punched out like a hanging trash.
The Ninja Boy is gonna stop at profile.
Why from South Carolina?
North Carolina!
South Carolina.
Woo!
Woo!
North Carolina!
We're gonna South Carolina.
Woo!
These two gonna create anything.
Ric Flair never watches back does not only do these pants love me but everybody love me.
California and Texas and New York.
We miss Ric Flair's famous figure four leg lock.
Woo!
And Howard Dean's punishing tax loophole take down.
Woo!
The Democratic primary pain door.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Only on pay for fuel.
It's 10.49 and it'd be our guarantee a lot better than that lingerie bowl.
I was kinda stiff.
This is kind of cute it says free willy live tonight February 11th and the visitors parking lot in the Pompano Correction Facility.
Special guest appearances by Benny and Brian Blades, O.J. Simpson, Ray Lewis, Ray Caruth, Nate Newton, Jesse Jackson, Roy Black,
Drew Rosenhaus and honorable judge Susan Letemgo-Livo.
Some guest appearances will be taped to the previous incarceration.
Bring the kids plenty of role models available.
Join in and beat the farmer chick who didn't don't want to be hugged, pinata.
Run through the fire extinguishers smoke the elect the Keynes boys.
Newtie bars nearby where you can punch a farmer in his face.
Right.
It's kind of cute.
We didn't get two new entries in our hot couples contest.
Those were already on there.
That's why they look familiar.
Okay.
I already had seen them.
So we only have eight.
All right.
So I'm going to mention it again and then I'm just going to like show up my hands in ear and give up because I don't know what to do this year.
I just guess we have nobody listen.
Thanks, Reg.
We got nobody left listen on the show.
We got a minute of zillion people on our website because they want like the nice Newtie pictures.
Here we go.
They aren't what?
Here's a new one.
We just got it.
We did.
Well, let me give the info again because it's pretty depressing.
I don't know what well they're a little bit slow.
They always do this wait till the deadline.
Deadline is two o'clock this Friday, which is only like day after tomorrow last time I checked for a hot couples contest.
Even at your pictures to contest at nealrangers.com.
And a couple with the voting will be next week.
But the deadline to send them in is this Friday at two.
So get your ass in gear.
And all next week we'll have mypon our website and the deadline will be next Friday at two.
And whoever has the most thoughts wins first prize, which is either your choice of one of these trips.
Three dynap vacation at heat nism in Jamaica.
All inclusive, including all meals, all beverages with the exception of airfare and personal expenses.
Or a trip for two to world voices because resort in casino, two night vacation, including airfare to grab a homo island.
All the other stuff you pay.
And third prize is dinner for two of pizza lofts.
So the first place winner gets whichever one of those trips they want.
Second prize winner gets a second one.
And third place gets to watch Jeff for a room or eat free at the pizza loft.
So that's it.
Contest at nealrangers.com.
But time is of the essence.
They're just either they're diddling in dawdling or maybe just there's nobody out there.
That could be it.
And of course the money just keeps clearing into bank.
Just keep the checks coming clear.
It's all we care about.
It's a lost cause.
When I heard the story about the Joe Roast thing with Greg Reed, I mean at that point you just throw your arms up in the air and say,
I was right.
Just take the money to the bank.
There's no hope.
There's absolutely no hope for that dope.
Most depressing movie says Bob is Sophie's choice.
Good choice.
Chris says my nominee is the cube which had JLo in it.
That's depressing in itself right there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQA.
I'm hello.
How you doing Neil?
Pretty good sir.
Oh God that's a Jason Williams.
That's a scumbag.
Did you watch the dog show last night?
No I did not.
Is that the West Minister?
No.
You know those dogs.
Okay Reverend Jones thank you.
Deputy QM hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Did you see Connelly the rifle on today today?
No I did not.
He's not here yesterday.
Oh she mentioned weapon demand destruction for about 18 times in four minutes.
It's ridiculous.
And if you could add ordinary people to your poll that would be great.
Okay.
You have to be right.
I shoot myself.
Okay.
Thank you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
The most depressing movie ever made.
Requiem for Dream 21.
Midnight Express 15 and Spotted George like it because he liked the Turkish bat scenes.
Yeah right.
Just relax.
Will you please Josh get the baseball bat.
Come on.
Now what's going on now?
Why is it all?
Okay are you getting it?
Is yours refreshing or what?
Yeah I'm getting it.
What?
What are you talking about?
I won't refresh.
Let me try to freshen it up on purpose.
I mean it was there when I went to it.
It was just there.
A moment ago nice there.
Read it and all of a sudden it's like stuck.
Maybe there's any enormous response on it again because they want to see that Jennifer Connelly picture.
You think that could be it?
That could be it.
No nips by the way.
No but.
WM the famous line 9.
Hello.
Yeah.
I'm going to refresh.
Hey deal.
How you doing?
I'm minded too.
Yes sir.
Most depressing movie I've seen recently was Mystic River.
Okay.
I thought that's why I got all those awards and everything.
Yeah.
I mean it really you know you walked out of there.
You're definitely not feeling too good.
Okay.
But it did its job.
It was great.
And then anything with Julia Roberts is very depressing.
Okay thanks.
Oh come on.
Slid deal with the enemy was good.
What other good movies you make in when you could think of?
No.
What was the one where she had the cameo appearance?
Aaron Brockovich was very good.
No no there was one where she did a cameo appearance.
I don't know.
Oh what the hell was that movie?
And then there was the one where they were at the theater where she found out about the
plot to kill the best present.
What the hell was that movie?
I don't know.
But you should see the Aaron Brockovich movie.
How many movies did Julia Roberts make every year?
Five.
I should see one.
Aaron Brockovich because it's all about Enron and how evil they are.
Oh come on.
Not my good buddy Kenny Lear like his potatoeships a lot.
You're the best close personal friend.
Okay there it is.
Most depressing movie ever made Requiem got 23.
Midnight Express 16.
Terms of Endearment 14.
Midnight Cowboy 8.
Casualties of Orr 7.
Looking for Mr. Goodrange 5.
Deliverance 5.
Magdolia 4.
Romeo and Juliet 4.
And everything else is the.
Oh the Billy Joe's got 3.
No but see that's a long time ago.
It's old nobody saw it.
It's old and still and Robbie Benson just turned 85.
It certainly qualifies though.
It does.
Oh really.
Oh really.
And even the song.
Now who did the song?
The Old Billy Joe.
Bobby Joe Gentry.
Bobby Gentry.
Bobby Joe.
Bobby whatever.
Bobby Gentry.
Billy Joe.
It's a Stuckbilly Joe Gentry right.
Right.
And the Gentries did keep on dancing too.
But anyway the Old Billy Joe is very depressing and all that.
Kind of like an kind of an angry kind of a set.
Real deep South.
You know what I'm talking about.
Because it's one of those cases where they made a movie out of a song.
He was cute as opposed to the other way around.
Right.
That's a good idea.
Why don't we make a movie?
Come on.
That would be great.
That's a great pull.
What song could we make a movie about?
Into Hood by D&X.
All right.
Somebody cue A.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah the Republican brief.
Republican brief is the one with you to Robert's you right.
That was a good movie.
Yeah.
Okay thanks.
All right.
I thought it was going to like you know.
But thank you.
Now I don't have to worry about that the rest of the day.
Republican brief.
You didn't see that?
No.
It was good.
Did it have a public?
Why does everybody rag on Julia Roberts?
I don't know.
I don't know what that's all about.
I think she's okay.
She's a little bit over.
Overdone.
I mean we don't need to see her quite so much.
What do you mean overrated?
That's what a lot of people say about her.
I mean because they make this giant deal out of her.
I don't think she's a giant deal but I think she's just fine.
And I still stay sleeping with the enemy.
It was a good movie.
It was just fine.
I didn't have a problem with it.
And then the part I was almost like watching parts of passions.
You know what it was like?
You just knew you were going to get frustrated.
But like once you went off to visit mommy in the nursing home
and all of a sudden there he was again.
And you know how anal I am about a good ending
or just an ending at all?
That a great ending.
That's correct.
Sleeping with the enemy.
This is a recommended movie on the near Roger Show for you.
Okay.
Quick look at that those naked pictures.
No.
10.56, four minutes before 11.
You better end.
In fact, let me suggest this to you.
I don't know how long that meaning is going to go on.
Probably like an all day affair.
You talking about the meeting with Joe and Greg?
Yeah, right.
But you probably all look at a lot of naked pictures today.
Why you still can't.
That's my suggestion.
I'm telling you before they shut the internet down.
That's correct.
See they have no control over the internet.
They can't control the content.
And so as we saw that because they're so pissed off.
That's probably one of the things that will come out of the mean today.
No more nudity on the internet.
In fact, no more nudity in your home with the lights on.
Lights out maybe.
That would lights on.
Bades like a Mormon.
One part at a foot.
Fickin' to that.
Guys, this Valentine's Day is just a couple of days away.
Saturday right around the corner.
Hope you're not thinking about giving those same old wilted flowers this year
because forget about that.
That's old news.
Unless you're planning on getting the same nothing in return that you get for the flowers.
Here are three words you need to remember.
Vermont Teddy Bear.
You send her a bear.
Grammied work.
The lover boy.
Bear.
The love bandit.
Bear.
The new All-Star Valentine Bear Dress like a sports fan.
When it gets there, she'll be completely surprised.
She'll be shocked.
And all of her coworkers will think you're the greatest guy for sending such an original thoughtful gift right to her orifice.
Then maybe she'll give you the speaking of her orifice, the gift that you're hoping for.
So just call this toll free number.
1-800-829 Bear and her friendly bear counselor will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine.
Deliver with a free chocolate and their famous gift box.
It only takes five minutes to order an overnight delivered to the Homer orifice.
This is guaranteed.
You still have time.
Call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at VermontTeddyBear.com.
Send your Valentine.
It's the creative alternative to flowers instead of those nasty, obnoxious, dying flower.
They're dead in just a matter of hours or even worse chocolate that's going to make her pork up like a cow.
Call today 1-800-829 Bear and tell him that old Neil told you to call 1-800-829 BeAR.
You still have time.
The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Announce the Dan Gernstein, campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberman Presidential Campaign.
Yisgadal, Yisgadash, Shamah Rabo, Veolemod, Iverok, Yusey, Viamnich, Malkhusay, Bagolog,
Owisman, Corriever, Vimero, Omein, Ooy.
That is the shirt, but it's your old time best.
Nothing's even close to that.
I sculled Brad, you're going to take you.
Ken from Toronto who lives in a Tobacoa.
Ken Faxson says one of the most depressing doomsday movies was on the beach 1959,
starring Eva Gardner, Gregory Peck, Fred Astaire, Tony Perkins directed by the great Stanley Kramer.
Probably Ken, do a Brad Kramer.
It says, Goldief's go, nice tie last night in the Tampaed, down 4-2 in the third period.
Gary Robert scores with a Goldief pulled with the less than a minute to go to tie it up.
Nice going, Gary, baby.
A 4-4 tie.
We'll take the point.
Ken from Teo.
And also here's one that says Philadelphia is starring Tom Hanks in Denzel Washington, 1993.
Philadelphia.
I thought a Haze ending.
Tom Hanks died.
Oh, well, that case.
It's been all bad.
Oh, and you're sending me more of these priest stories.
What is wrong with you?
Here's one, the thing.
Two, three.
Let's see. Here's another one says Philadelphia.
Monsters ball.
Yeah.
What Charlie's the wrong.
No.
And she and that.
Hallie Berry.
Who's in who's what's the monster is at it?
What's the Charlie's the wrong movie?
Where she plays the Dike.
Oh, the Eline Warnow story there.
The one that's new.
Right.
I don't know.
Right. The trial that's on court TV.
I don't know.
Monster.
Is that what it is?
I don't know what it's something like that.
I think it's monster.
The monster mash.
I believe it is.
Monsters ball is very good with Bobby Borceric.
It's seen it like six times already.
When are we going to have Hallie's berries on our website?
How about tomorrow?
Do we have those?
Oh, we're going to have Hallie's berries on our website tomorrow or next week or something.
Give me a minute to find a good picture.
Okay.
Tim says a tremendous movie,
truly underrated, that has a heart-wrenching, depressing ending is
breaker Morant.
I wonder if that's kind of Jimmy Morant who drives it to go over downs.
The most depressing thing about breaker Morant is how a God awful boring it is.
Maybe not straight in 1980, it starts Edward Woodward and Brian Brown.
Oh, I hope it's not as depressing as Bob Woodward.
He's a brilliant guy, but have you ever seen him do in the talking hand?
He did last night on the CNN, this king.
He is so pathetic.
He taught, I mean, you know, it's thick to the writing, Bob, you're a great guy.
And congratulations on deep throat and everything else, but he's just so pathetic.
And I think that the vice presidential choice might, oh God.
It says it's the best anti-war morphe.
I've ever seen, but it's depressing breaker Morant's is Tim.
I'll put it on there, whether you like it or not.
It's not what he liked it.
These are depressing movies, some of which were great and some of the way of midsuit of crap.
You know, already on there.
Here's another list.
I don't want a list.
Okay.
I see the question again.
Got it?
I read it very slowly.
I'm a little bit too fast, too hyper.
What was the most depressing movie M-O-V-I-E ever made?
Not what were the 30 most depressing movies ever made?
Not what was the top 100 list the most depressing movies ever made?
You got it so far?
No.
I didn't think so.
Top 50?
Top 80.
WQM, hello.
I can ask for a kneel, please.
Speaking.
There.
Two things.
Sir, I want to echo the sentiments of what the first caller said about you.
You really have made quite a difference personally and for everyone I've been.
Well, I'm looking for Scrossies.
And the second thing I just want to add my two cents to your survey.
Yes.
And put every movie by Ike Mark Bergman.
That's what you're talking about.
I mean, if you want to talk about death and depression there.
What about poor Ingrid Bergman?
Well, no.
She's already mad.
No wonder they burned her at the stake.
You got it.
You're a legitimate kid.
Ever great day, amigo.
Please keep up the great work.
Ostech.
How about Agri Bergman, too?
What about who is it?
Edgar Bergman.
And Charlie McCarthy.
You know, this Greg Reed character, I don't know where that came from.
I would have the thing with the pulling the strings on the ventriloquist with Edgar Bergman.
I started thinking of Greg Reed.
Somebody needs to yank his chain.
You know, wake that bastard up.
Oh, such a coward.
I can't stand cowards.
Oh, congratulations on the great book, Neil.
By the way, I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez.
What a day that was.
What a day of many.
You're right.
I need to write a book.
The problem is nobody would buy it.
But I just to read myself.
Make a pamphlet.
Ghostwriter pamphlet.
The local audience will buy it.
Oh, God.
What a jackass.
Man, what a loser.
It's your great to be a real big shot with other people's money.
You know what that's what I've always loved about him.
He has all that money of his own now.
Thanks to the fact that they cut him in on the deal.
He can do no wrong because he's part-owner of the joint.
But man, you just have created more tourists for us.
That's why we just take the check right to the bank, Greg.
We actually might really do a great job someday again, but I doubt it.
Because everybody subscribes to my theory now.
Take the checks to the bank.
At least they clear.
Well, this story about Steven J. Gray.
This is pretty interesting.
Yes, it is.
Thank you, Jeff.
Hi.
And did you get a picture of his new haircut?
No.
Oh, I emailed the guy.
Hey, that's a nice couple by the way that latest one are pretty interesting.
Let's see.
See, they're starting to come in now.
We got how many couples we have for the contest now, Neil?
Yeah.
Oh, thanks.
And then we can have Robert Creeper on there.
And some other nerd.
And then we can have a couple of nerds.
With all the pirates in South Florida on the radio, the FCC just doesn't have the manpower to shut them all down or even a chunk of them.
Now, they're too busy worrying about who's saying crap.
They're too busy sniffing your toilet bowl.
So the private sector is getting involved.
The Palm Beach Post reports partners Lou Vencey and Steven Gray, an old friend of ours from IOD.
Yes, and Steven J. radio.
A Broward County use equipment similar to the low jacks, stolen car homing device, one of our former great sponsors for many many years, to take, to track pirate station to their front doors and estimate their levels of interference.
The two guys have sent detailed reports and photographs of pirates transmit or attend this to the FCC.
But Gray said recently I have yet to receive any reply.
The agency as a policy will not confirm or discuss ongoing investigations.
Now they got finger fish to fry, Steven.
Yeah.
They got finger fish to fry.
Janet Jackson's boobies.
That's what they're worried about.
They're worried about Britney being on MTV before 10 o'clock at night with a toxic video because it's a little bit too toxic for their taste because there are a bunch of pure,
more technical assholes, tyrannical and pure technical.
Let's see FCC for you.
I'm almost, I'm not going to do it because I played it about a week ago.
Play that FCC song. It's so bad. It's so campy.
But it just frosted my ass thinking about this.
And what makes me even matter is that most people don't give a flying crap about it, including most of the people on this radio station who are too worried about Williams-Willie.
Another pirate hunter who didn't want to be identified for fear of her attributions had he contacted landlords to remind them that their leases have clauses about the same.
But illegal activities are that pirates violate building codes by mounting transmitter antennas.
You know, I heard that scrambles to that melted in antenna.
Oh, sure month anything.
Steven Gray recently tracked 17 pirate stations in two hours in Dave County. 17.
Yeah. How do you like that? You go, Steve, for all the good it's going to do.
The ACC at day 17.
He invents the, uh, uh, venti.
Estimating more than 60 operating Dave Brown and Palm Beach counties and new one goes on here every week.
A new pirate station goes on here every week.
Many pirates don't interfere with legal broadcast because they pick dial locations far enough between license stations are transferred on very low power or with low quality equipment like we have a QAM.
A few have equipment that prevents them from interfering.
But most pirates don't know they're interfering and don't care.
Sometimes a new pirate station begins interfering with an established one which jacks up its power to try to drown out the newcomer in a twisted form of Darwinism.
It's like a war of fancy added.
Vencey and Gray have created their own vista battle of pirates.
Clients can hire signal finder ink to pinpoint anything interfering with radio transmissions.
Well, what's our problem?
Oh, crappy signal.
This can include cordless telephone and wireless internet signals, power line interference.
Well, let's yank all that power lines down at 441 and somebody might be the hero.
Illegal bug transmitters, TasiCab 2A radios. Have you ever gone by not TasiCab's but truckers that have the two ways in all of a senior?
No, no, no, you can actually hear them talking for a couple of seconds as they're zooming on by.
Crosthaw.
Even fast food drive through communication systems and pirate radio stations.
Vencey City has signed up cleared channel and is inquiries from other broadcasters armed with evidence.
Stations don't have to rely solely on the FCC but can sue pirates with civil suits.
You go, Stephen and whatever your partner's name is there.
Vencey, Vencey, Vencey.
You got all these pre-stories here to disgrace.
Also, I have one little later on once we get through with Dr. Bob.
Alright, FCC is looking for that halftime show.
Tape, they want the tape of it right now and I want to see it again and again and again and again and again and again and they're going to be a lot of fun.
I'm going to watch it 4,000 times then decide if it was perverted.
I've seen disgusting, unacceptable, etc.
Come on.
Thank you.
Now, where the hell is that story?
What was that I was looking for?
I don't know.
I'll get to it.
Just relax.
Got a lot more than 30.
The sex abuse scandal against the Roman Catholic clergy appears to be.
I got to get to this right now.
You inspired me with these facts as you sent.
The scope of the sex abuse accusations against the Roman Catholic clergy since 1950 appears to be much greater than previously estimated by victims groups and by the media and AP review of reports from dioceses be finding.
The US Church will make an unprecedented nationwide accounting of abuse claims and costs later this month and some bishops already have started releasing local figures.
The AP contacted dioceses across the country and found that 1,341 clergy members have been accused of molesting minors with more than half the dioceses yet to report.
Just a small number, 1,341, isolated incidences.
Just 13,141 isolated perverts.
What it's really doing is showing us in black and white that the problem is much worse than any of us thought said so archibald, president of the link-up, it can talk you based victim advocacy group.
Statistics have yet to be released by some archdioceses that have faced hundreds of allegations including Boston and LA.
In other words, they're not even including the biggest ones in here.
Thousands and thousands and zillions and millions of PPs, pervert priests.
And that's what they want, PPs.
Little ones.
Not good mind.
What was the most depressing movie you ever saw?
That's our poll question.
It's thanks again, Sean.
In fact, Sean should come up with our poll every day.
I'm going to get him now to burn all of the poll.
He can be our poll man.
He can be in the poll position.
Requiem for a dream, 33.
Nobody's going to touch Sarah.
She's getting more electric shock than Sheridan on the patch.
By the way, E finally gets in.
Luis finally gets in there.
Who is it? Is it Eva?
Is it Teresa?
The talks and the phone are going to be open.
Find the doctor to open up that door.
Open that door, you lunatic.
Requiem for a dream, 33.
Terms of Endurement, 22.
Midnight Express, 19.
And Spider-Walk George said it was morbid, man.
Midnight Cowboy, 11.
Just calm down.
Dummy up a little bit.
Casualties of War X, Sophie's Choice 9.
Deliverance 8.
Boy, that was really depressing at the end when he was having the nightmares.
Why was that?
Why was that?
It was just depressing.
When the hand came up out of the water, you don't remember that?
Sure I did.
He was pressing.
Looking for Mr. Goodbar 7, although the corn sure was special.
So, I know you say, stupid, elfias 6.
Saving private's Ryan.
Saving Ryan's private's 4.
On the beach 4.
Romeo and Juliet 4.
El Norte 4.
Lennie 4.
And after that, it's a small potato so far.
Long way to go.
Lots more on the list.
Excellent poll.
Thank you so much, Sean.
Check us in the mail.
George is sending it.
And I hear rumors sending it.
That's right.
Unless I got it, I tell you this real quick, because I'm beyond a break.
Phone rings yesterday in a minute past 2.
I pick it up and I hear nothing.
I say, hello, nothing there.
Two minutes later it rings again.
It's your close friend, Rimmer.
Come on, I said was that you?
The call to men ago.
Oh yeah, but it was a bad connection.
I decided to hang up and call again.
I said, I thought I might have been you.
He says to me, well if that's the case, why didn't you call me?
I said, because I don't, I want you to pay for the call.
You cheap bastard.
Wow.
Oh man, oh man.
Thank you.
14 past 11 at QM, let me tell you, speaking of rumor, it's the pizza loft spot.
If you want to meet the voice of the Panthers on TV, the anxious and famous Jeff Rimmer,
just head for the pizza loft anytime.
He'll be there.
He'll be there just enjoying all the great food, not some of it, but all of it.
And you'll love it too.
They have combination dinners at the loft.
So if you're newcomer there to the pizza loft in Davy, you can get one of them combination plates.
And pick out on a little bit of this and a lot of that.
Take out chicken and veal.
Sea food, calzone, super subs.
They've got the best garlic rolls going anywhere.
They've got every kind of pasta ever invented and three different kinds of fabulous pizza
too.
Jeff's got it all and the food as well.
Everything is cooked to order its fresh.
It's delicious.
The portions are humongous and the prices are still teeny and tiny, so you don't have to take a big bite out of your wallet.
And of course the pizza loft also caters.
Using for your next orifice or home party, catering for as low as five bucks per person, they offer you delivery.
And in fact, you can stop by and take it out as well.
Here's the number to call for a delivery and take out.
9.5.4.916.8880.
The pizza loft has been going strong for almost 30 years in town and are going bigger and better than ever.
You'll find them in the pizza loft plaza on university drive right behind Pier 1 imports.
That's between Griffin and 595.
Like I said, on prestigious university drive.
In fact, when you run into rumor there, if they have pizza loft, you might invite over to the house for dinner, as long as you bring in the food.
Pizza loft and Davy, you can't beat it with a stick.
You might and the whole.
This is course radio prices.
You way, yeah.
A-two-three.
They were the best-town king with double K-2C.
The final chapter man's on bankruptcy.
The top and top, the failed get through it.
Toss is their hot dog when you fit into it.
Tell me where they came from.
A whips quintamper came up.
And all employees at the came up.
Get by right away.
No more seals on two blocks but underwear.
No more fuzzy slimmer student 99 a pair.
No more of those T-shirts despite these names.
Too bad they're not coming back here again.
Can't leave with the came up.
Home now it's quintamper came up.
And all employees at the came up.
Get by right away.
Love it 20 at 560 W2M we got the mad dog at two.
Hank Olberg at four.
Missionary and traveling evangelist.
Oh my god.
Feared himself in the Virginia authorities.
On six counts of credit card forgery.
And one kind of credit card number theft.
The charges stemmed from telephone calls made to a phone sex hotline.
All right Pete you go baby.
All right.
That's great.
That's one of my all time favorite stories.
Not as good though as the Abroad and France who married the dead guy.
Well at least it was the dead fianc.
Priest charged in pot case under investigation for sex abuse.
No.
I don't know how to like the head of the head anymore.
I beg your pardon?
I used to like that guy.
A priest charged with growing marriage,
a weaning in his church residence is under investigation for a red child abuse.
Assistant Summit County prosecutor Mary Ann Kovak said yesterday she
plans to meet with police to determine if sex charges ought to be brought
against the Reverend Richard Acro 40.
The allegation surfaced during your court appearance by Andrew J. Smith,
25, and nearby Barberton who tipped police last month away marriage,
weaning plants allegedly grown by our co-in the rectumry of the print.
Oh that's nothing like having bad weed in your rectumry.
Of the Prince of Peace Roman Catholic Church.
Smith and Courts Tuesday providing probation in an unrelated case.
Claimed our co-began of sexual relationship with them when he was 15.
He told his attorney that the relationship continued to January when the priest
posted Smith's bond after his arrest.
I'm charges stemming from theft at Prince of Peace where Acro are co-served as pastor.
Maybe still a couple of joints.
Over the years Smith said in court,
Arco showered him with gifts, money, and drugs in exchange for?
Sarg sex.
Okay.
Smith was credibility could be an issue in a marijuana investigation as a history of drug abuse
and is under a 10 count of them in our churches of forgery that receiving stolen property.
And weed and stuff like that.
Oh speaking of that what a great segue man.
I better take some calls and get some more movies on here.
They're going to start getting pissed off.
But first, university of Miami football recruit Willie Williams.
Now let's get the important stuff.
Oh right.
There we go.
Right about all the other crap.
Right.
Willie Williams is going to be hosting his own show on his station every morning 8 to 10.
Unless Delrose gets that contract by the end of the week, Greg, you idiot.
We'll spend at least three nights inside Broward County jail pending a bond hearing Friday
and his future with the hercones is uncertain.
Williams to parade all American from Carroll City,
surrendered to authorities yesterday morning, only hours after,
gains for authorities filed more chart.
We know that.
Oh, Williams, and you ought to have heard Duff this morning, man.
I'm going to tell you our operations manager.
I can't even believe it.
Duff hate you.
Defending Willie.
Well, all he did just like, you know,
the boys will be boys, but the fire extinguisher up there.
And I said, well, he was arrested on theft 10 times in the past five years.
A violation of probation on that course.
And on that girl, he grabbed, you know, he met her the night before.
Yeah.
And anyway, his probation was said to end today, but he couldn't wait.
He's fine.
Said Williams, Laura Paul Lazarus, who accompanied him to the jail.
Obviously, he'd rather not be where he is, but he's going to make the best of the situation.
He's going to have a great time in there.
On Lazarus advice, family member declined to comment.
Williams 19 began his jail stint in Browitz down to the top of the sodium.
I'm 15 this morning.
But in the afternoon, he was transferred to North Browitz detention complex in Pompo-no Beach.
Yaudi, yaudi.
So there you go.
Willie Williams, man, set him free.
Set Willie free is what we say, right?
Good evening, Randling Willie.
How's Bob Farrington doing?
Who?
I dropped those little things in there for Dick Feinberger, Pompo-no Park,
because he's the only one who knows what I'm talking about.
He knows Elmer Conrad.
He knows Red Ross and Walter Ross and Diana Ross.
26 past 11 at 560 WQ, how's the pool coming?
Let's get back to that.
I'm rambling.
I'm all over the place and you're not keeping me in line here.
What was the most depressing movie ever made?
How many votes we got?
201.
Requiem for Green 36, Terms of Endurement 23.
Midnight Express 22.
Philadelphia 14.
Sophie Choice 13.
Midnight Cowboy 12.
Casualties of War 10.
Looking for Mr. Good Ranch 9.
Deliverance 8.
Magnolia 7.
Saving Private's Orion's Private 7.
Citizens Steve Cain 4.
Odebiles Joe 4.
El Norte 4.
Lenny 4.
Now, I'd like to know who it was that was doing Robbie Benson in that movie.
Are they showed it in the movie?
That was the guy from the fair.
You think he'd run me a picture of it?
Momento 4, Romeo and Juliet 4 on the beach 4.
Ordinary people 3.
Mr. Grumber 3, American History X.
Where did that come from?
Where did that come from?
Always stuck it in there.
It was on that fax that you tore up after all.
Jack the Bear 2, irreversible 1.
Monsters Balls, Breaker Marant and the Cube each have the big...
Oh!
...so far, but it's early.
1227, so manisting is flying along.
It's 140 in it.
1127 at 560 WQM, your station where we at least get the time right not much else.
Hey Greg, you're an idiot.
Interest Diabetic is a truly delicious meal replacement drink that just happens to be made for people living with diabetes like me.
But anyone who is looking to cut down their sugar intake can drink it.
I wonder if Dr. Bob would drink it if he were still alive.
Interest Diabetic is sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar.
In fact, they were raven about splendid this morning.
Even Dr. Gupta, do you see that?
About how great splendor is.
So there's no nasty aftertaste like you get with those drinks made with aspartaimins saccharin.
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big ass hurry.
Interest Diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for a healthy life.
Plus, it's got fiber and antioxidants.
Yet the good news is it's low in saturated fat and that anxious cholesterol too.
Interest Diabetic is gluten free and lactose free and eight ounce can provides 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition.
Try Interest Diabetic once and I've actually Jeff High's life on it.
You'll never go back to whatever you would drink in before. That's how good it tastes.
Pick it up all over town.
It's at Publix, Eckerds, Walgreens, Navarro, Sennano, CVS, other local pharmacies, or if you want to do the smart thing, the makers of Interest Diabetic are so positive you're going to love it.
They're giving you a free two pack in vanilla and chocolate.
All you have to do is call that tool free number.
They'll send you a one-round vanilla one chocolate latte and eight two pack.
Call 1-866-368-3739 or fast-eared order for yourself on their website, interrexdiabetic.com.
Just click on free samples.
When you call, be sure and tell them that Neil sent you by for the delicious one.
Give them an additional free special gift just for having a ball to mention my name.
Call them tool free for your free two pack.
Call 1-866-368-3739.
Line and local.
We're sports video five sixty zero eight zero eight.
We got a lot for you now.
The station that delivers free sets.
A lavment.
A deliverance weekend.
A weekend log that you can qualify by winning video presets of the movie delivery.
This is your client.
We require that you listen to the radio all weekend log.
The grand prize winner will be flown to doze in Georgia for a canoe trip for two down the cajudo-lassy river.
The combination didn't mutable entry.
It means you didn't drop them.
I just take a route.
It's not easy.
Look at the most simply be the king's car every time you hear Ned made his toy.
You like a plane?
Yeah.
The deliverance weekend.
A long weekend log.
Almost finish him and get you away.
Q95.
27-095-60WQM.
The station really hurts.
Let's get some more of these names on the appol.
WQM. Hello.
Hello, Uncle Mio.
Yes, sir.
Hi, sir.
I'd just like your opinion.
I'm registered independent and I just want to do anything to get W out of office.
Yeah.
What's the question, sir?
I don't want to sound like Larry King, but it's a car.
I understand.
Anything would be in our best interest to you independence to go ahead.
I've been thinking about going ahead and switching over to the Democratic Party just to get W out of office.
Just to make it a little bit short.
No, what difference does that make how you're registered?
What is that going to do?
Well, I don't know with the press.
I'm not sure.
That's my suggestion.
Vote for Kerry three times.
WQM, hello.
Hi.
I've got two for your poll.
I know you need people up to.
Ryan's phone and Clayme versus Clayme.
Two good ones.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
Boy, Brian's song.
How could that have ended well?
Right.
I mean, that was pretty pressing.
Okay.
And, uh, Clayme versus Clayme.
That was the Brad Cramer story.
He was driving two horses in the same race at Northfield Down.
The most depressing thing about that movie is Meryl Streep was in it.
Clayme versus Clayme.
That was Dustin Hoffman, right?
Yes.
Who's great and Meryl Streep who's not.
Oh, nobody's got against Meryl Streep.
Just because she's skanky.
She's skanky.
She's ugly.
She's incredibly overrated.
She's a green person in sucking pus.
Really?
She said, she's a red person in the middle of the night.
She said, you're crazy.
You're crazy.
So, I think I'm pretty much in a black car.
It's like, I've never been in a car like that before.
I mean, there's no black car.
You're not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
See those of you people out there that don't appreciate the quality of these fine calls on his show
Shame on me for shutting the calls off for those seven months, you know, that was a bad mistake on George's part
Yes, I apologize. Hey, you like the bedtime stories. I know story. You're the only one. That was the problem. You don't get no diaries. That was the problem
If only there's that asshole Scott Peterson
I don't care about that go on to something else. He and then I'll change the channel
Yeah, I'll turn I'll even turn on MSNBC. How do you look? Oh look at that as soon as I threaten that they got off him
Put Darren Kagan back on she's cute. You like Darren Kagan? Who?
Darren Kagan the newsreader on CNN. She's perky and she's cute, but she's not offensive like
Soledad O'Brien's horse. Oh man. I
Hate to say this, but I really would like to beat her around the head and shoulders with a
I don't want to say baseball bat that would be bad something not really sharp or hard a wet noodle. Yeah, a wet noodle like
Exactly like Dufflin's these penis
Study women we can hear this women over 40 biggest online gamers
Sorry duck like currency's penis. What kind of games are they playing?
But if it says think teenagers are spending all night long playing
Online games with a computer not the kind of games where you're thinking of wrong. It says guess what?
It's their mothers bringing the midnight oil
AOL released the study showing that US women over the age of 40 spend nearly
50% more time each week playing online games than men and I'm more likely to play online games daily than men or teenagers
Teenagers are too busy looking at porn or playing with themselves and each other of those women over 40 would form
Online friendships a well said more than 20% converted those virtual connections into real life relationships
How do you like that?
Fueling the arguments of those who say they've gaming takes away from other activities
44% of the women over 40 who responded to the survey said they spent less time watching TV or movies reading or being physically active because of their
Game play the plan of wrong kind of games guys. They're playing online. They're punching their guts out
They're gambling away to goddamn bread money, which is good because bread will kill you
See this is the new battle. It's really almost hysterically funny the bread the starch people
You got the SS the super starch people against the Atkins people whenever the twinge will meet and of course
To to sweeten the pot a little bit you throw in the pita people and
You got a real bruhaha is what you got going on now
Well the Atkins oh he weighed 400 pounds. He weighed 600 pounds. He was a big fat slab. He had a bad heart. He had all this other stuff
And then we find out that this was all generated by the pita people and of course
Dutifully every every newspaper every wire service they put this on their own doctor atkins was a fat pig is that's a bunch of crack crap
Too late everybody everybody knows it works everybody who you know who is into it
But don't confuse the pita people with that because the Atkins died involves meat animals. Oh no that animals and
You got to be vegetarian or they get all pissed off and they'll come out of your home and beat the crap out of you
WQ a and hello
Yes, Neil yes, sir. Yes. Are you know?
I just had these two on your poll on either kids or bully which were
Easily the most depressing movies I've ever seen okay
Okay, thank you so much. They were both recommended by the most depressing person we've ever met in that studio as a matter of fact
Who's not there no more?
Now see I'm trying to be a nice guy which I'm not but I'm trying to be a nice guy and these people why do they why won't they
Stop they just they can't I guess we should commend them for at least cutting it down to appear, you know
to do for calling at all and participating and all that
What do you mean by that well they could just not call
Not come up with something my point let me say it again
But quite let me read the question again. This is my bad. I should be reading the question over and over again
In fact ever reading up times it'll be two o'clock. Are we gonna go home?
What was the most depressing movie ever made not what are a couple of the most depressing movies ever made not what are
15 not what are 10,000? I mean, you know, they mean well
I appreciate it like last I used to say and look what happened to him
That's what you say, but then this is what they hear every time I just today
I mean managed out of high Lala your Z here's what they hear what name all the movies you can name
Okay, that should take us to a what middle of next year right
232 votes and so far Requiem for dream 38 terms of Endurement 27 the most depressing movie ever made midnight
Express 25 Philadelphia 19
Sophie's choices tied with midnight cowboy 14 casualty to bore a dozen looking for mr. Goodwrench 11 and
After that single digits
And deliverance still has only eight even after I tried to goose it up with at Bob and Tom bit sorry about that I tried
It was pretty depressing in fact it is as the movie went on it got more and more depressing just as Bert Reynolds
Yeah, ask Rob. Well, what don't know Tommy Ronnie Cox very good right? Yes, well, I see who else was in that movie?
Ronnie Cox Bert Reynolds
John Void and baby right
Anybody on band boy on
Producing to them movie by the beesleys
19 till noon at 560 WQM speaking a strange people
Fatboy came in the studio real early a day to a meet and greet and he said two things first was
I
Was hey, how you enjoying that great Dyle mattress and down there in my house
Of course, I've had a Dyle mattress for years you ought to be doing the same
President stay is just a few days away now. It's coming up Monday every year president
I don't know why but it's just a yearly event that the vetting and apartment stores run those big phony ads for
Macrosis
It's a tradition and their phony is held because they double the price then they cut it in half and say hey
Guess what what a deal this is we're going to half off wrong
If you want real rock bottom unbeatable prices on the best mattresses going do what I've been doing for years for a
Coons age make the one simple called a dollar mattress at 1 800 mattress. No phony sales
No bait in swish just every day rock bottom prices on the best mattresses. You'll find anywhere's
They got them all they got seely and service Simmons King Coil tempered petequishes fantastic and now
Steerings and foster hewitt choose from dozens of models at low everyday discount prices speaking of foster hewitt
I wonder if that game is on an hour
What is there in a break
You can rest easy and enjoy great nights leave for years to come when you call dial amateurs
You don't even have to leave that house just make the one simple call and keep in mind only dial amateurs
Such a choose a two-hour delivery window that meets your schedule when it's convenient for you every day
Seven days a week from 8 a.m. Till 10 p.m. With low prices same day delivery free set of removal
It's easy to see why dollar mattresses ranked the best in the universe in customer satisfaction
So no but all the smart people of qa are doing it even some of the dumb ones make that call 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES or online you'll find them at macrus.com
How young is too young
I've been everywhere
I've been to read those cargo
We're gonna the outside lineup and also home and Arizona
I know
I
We're gonna
Oh
1147 13 till noon at 560 WDQM well, I went to show it to the 7 o'clock midnight
Now did you just email me a picture of Sophia Coppola? I?
Didn't mean to if I did
Sophia Coppola. Yeah, why would I do that? I don't know
Anyway, the debate over Dr. Ackin's popular high-fat low-carb diet flared
Postamously yesterday when it was learned that Ackin's himself was a bloated 258 pounds of his death
And I'll say it again the people promoting this are the pay-ta people the anti-meat people
They're having a an ovation because more and more people are turning their back on
Carbs including bread and pasta and things like that all these things and they're eating meat
Which is the staple of course the heart and whole and soul of the Ackin's diet
A city medical examiner's report filed after Ackin's 2003 death from a fall
Showed the six foot doctor was at a weight normally considered obese the only problem that of course is because
He was in a hospital for and what was in nine days and they were like
Put all in fluids and when of course he wasn't getting rid of it because he was in a coma. Oh
And so they claim that he gained 60 pounds in the nine days which sounds like a lot
But when you're like pumping you full of fluids all the time you pop up like a bufo toad
The Ackin's physicians counsel said the carbohydrate-shurling Dr. Gain more than 60 pounds through fluid retention
In those days he spent in a coma before dying last April after slipping on an icy street and hitting his head
Ackin's weighed 195 when he was admitted. So let's see six. We'll tell 195
He's a little bit overweight, but he certainly wasn't
Enormous, okay. He wasn't gigantic. He wasn't humanism doesn't make
If he was make any different because like I said they died originally came up back in the 70s when he wasn't even overweight
And the diet has helped
Zedians of people how many million people
30 million people lose weight and a lot of them if they're smart have kept it off
But of course the data people who are a bunch of lunatics a bunch of crazy people
I want to force you to continue to eat vegetarian like seaweed and
The kale remember in fatso he was eating kale. Yeah, lasagna for you chicken and kale for me remember that yeah
What the hell's kale anyway? It's a bunch of like weeds. I say you know your weeds
right yeah greens like uh chitlins
You know your chitlins. That's I thought that was guts critically old patients when sustained on fluids in a hospital
Again a lot of weights had doctors do her trigger chairman of the Ackins physician counsel
He was grossly swollen so much that his family and associates barely even recognized him
Now the medical examiner's report also noted that Ackins had history of heart trouble including congestive heart failure and high blood pressure
but
The doctors hard ain't he talked about it on king on a Larry king
Long before his death about the fact that he had there's heart problems stem from an infection
Cardio myopathy and in large heart that's what he said a viral infection
Not because of his diet or I owe your clog arteries stuff like but now air being newspaper like I said
You put out a little bit of truth like his name and the old pictures. Oh, that's Bob back and look at that. He was fat
Because what they want to do is they want to poop through it
Peta is sucking him into it and of course they're being helped out by another anxious group called
Physicians for responsible medicine
You know anytime I hear responsible positions to me. That's an oxymoron especially in Florida
Responsible positions my ass much of pill doctors
Hey, yeah, I'm riding a lot of bunch of prescriptions for his ok. Well said to the bermuda
They're still doing I'll send crap. They've always been doing. I'm telling it. There's nothing any different
Physicians for responsible medicine the group that released the report and promotes a vegetarian diet just like
Acknowledged that fluid retention may have been responsible for some of his weight
But probably not all of it
The group maintains that Atkins died poses weight and health risk of the millions who follow it
How do you like that and on and on his scows in April
22 a year before he died
Atkins issued a statement saying he was recovering from cardiac arrest related to a heart infection
It suffered for him for a few years and it was in no way related to diet like I said he was on with our close personal friend
the kingmeister
One doctor not connected to the case that extends in weight gain indeed can occur in comatose patients
Especially those with heart trouble like Atkins it's certainly possible then an effort to try to resuscitate him
They keep giving you more and more fluids and essentially he keeps them in the body said dr. Schmendrick of some minor hospital
Amount signing in New York about his name was a some long jack thing
How do you like that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for rise the wireless line
Point on the Robin's soul the pilot hockey game. How you like that?
Let's a minute to go
Uh
FCC is I put the hearings are going on and they want the halftime tape
Is that incredible?
Yes, everybody else has got it
Everybody in North America and even people in Europe have got it
But the FCC wants it. They've asked CBS for a tape of it's heavily heavily criticized
Super Bowl Sunday halftime show and is moving with unusual speed as the agency chairman has taken the rare step of
Personally directing the probe. He's sticking his nose into it. He's got his the tip of his nose right on Jackson's boob
Right up just in the back home ass
The agency will determine whether they halftime show violated in decency standards when singer Janet Jackson's right
Was briefly exposed
The FCC's enforcement bureau faxed its initial letter of inquiry to CBS on Monday which acknowledged receive yesterday
Said intense to respond thoroughly and quickly
FCC chairman Michael Powell is pressuring agencies enforcement bureau to move swiftly now
He is pissed off and fired up
I wonder who was in charge of the show did they know if the content was scripted or impromptu
Who if anyone authorized the content now do you think anybody's gonna say oh yeah?
We know all about it. That was my bad. Yeah. Oh, yeah, we we was part of the script part of the deal
It was just bad judgment our parties anybody gonna say that I mean talk about a bunch of window dressing man
Talk about a bunch of poop and kaka somebody I know would say what kind of crap is that kaka poop
Wow
WQ a hello
Hello, yes, sir
I'll pull to get on before nip doors are a long way you're on right now you're in
Cool
Yes, sir, okay, I've got I've got a vote in your poll
I don't know if it's been mentioned because I just tuned in a few minutes. Okay, the house of sand and fog
Is gotta be the most depressing movie in years even though it's a fantastic movie, but it is
You're gonna walk out of there and you won't want to eat food for hours. It's such a down movie the house of sand and fog
Yeah, it's with Ben King's league because they're fantastic performance, but it is it is so so depressing
Okay, thanks for the good news. I'm gonna go see you right after the show
Please bye. Thanks
House of sand and fog. Oh another one that's gotta be read depressing is what about the train spotting isn't that depressing unless of course you like that stuff
Yeah, it's depressing. I reckon not good enough to be on the list though. Sure, why not
560 505 60
Tom 560 on the AT&T. I was just joking about Sophia Coppola that young lady look it looks a little bit like her as a much
Lovelier nose
What do you mean by that?
So slow it is just a
The reason my sleep again. I think that bad bomb movie had this morning is a bad
I don't like it was a big enough studio. You're starting to get it get this crap. Was it good?
It was great. You better talk about it right now and before that meeting ends it was so antiseptic
I always say hello, but talk to a Josh about it. Not us.
QA.
WDQM. Hello. Say what Josh?
Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil. Yes.
Hey, what's up? How you doing?
All right. Most depressing movie. Does this also count like as
independent film like you know like maybe
Spanish film with like English subtitles?
Well, I mean, nobody ever heard of it. It's not going to do too well in the pool. You know what I mean?
Okay, well the most depressing movie I've ever seen is called The Lovers
Okay, it's 1992 and it was made in Spain and it's got English subtitles. That is the most depressing
movie that I've ever seen.
It's great.
Huh?
I said thanks a lot and have a great day.
56705, just need the lovers. Okay, nobody's going to hope for it except him,
but that's okay. He that's where we're asking a question. He gave us only one
Salament de Uno, right?
Right. We'll take it.
What was the most depressing movie ever made?
And I'm telling you right now, of course I could be wrong. I've been wrong every day in my life,
but I don't think they're going to be Sarah.
No, they're not.
And this is Sarah.
Sarah, speak to her, Sarah, please. Say something.
I'm going to be on television.
Please tell me when.
It's a beautiful thing.
That drag.
You know, the fact that Miguel didn't like that movie fits in so perfectly, you know, with his
problems. Four minutes till noon. He's a great kid. He's a looks great. All the other stuff.
He's very gun-hoes enthusiastic. All I know. I love him, but he's he's got some he needs a
lobotomy. He really does. In fact, maybe we can give him that shot treatment that Sarah and
Sheridan are getting. He's young yet. Give him time. Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Young and hung.
I don't know about that.
And full of fun.
Well, maybe somebody in the building will find out. As Freaky Carlos, he's probably been checking.
Although he did program his wife, so it must be.
He must have something to.
Yeah.
Maybe it's an attestube.
Anyway, here's something that's great and that's the lights of West Bocad. That's the number one
low-carb sugar restore in the world. Speaking of Dr. Rackens' rest in peace, there are
millions of people all over this universe that are on the Atkins or some of the low-carb diet.
The South Beach diet. I'm so sorry I mentioned that because it's nothing but a cheap riff off,
but he wanted, you know, if you want to buy the book and read about a lot of local restaurants on
South Beach that smooth with the author, go right ahead and have a good time.
Anyway, they've got over a thousand low-carb products in this store,
which is going to help you stay in your low-carb diet because he gives you the variety you need.
He gives you some items with some taste and some of the same boring meat and cheese and seafood
and seafood and meat and cheese and butter and bacon and that stuff.
And the lights they got breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies,
chocolate, days ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and tons more.
And at Atkins, right, at the lights they offer the white oscillars and they're open every day,
seven days a week from 10 to 10. You can sample anything in the store before you buy it and their
staff knows the Atkins diet and all the other low-carb diets inside and out and all the Atkins products,
they got the biggest selection anywhere and they're on sale all day, every day even on Purim.
So if you want to head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store, this is it. Make no mistake
about it. The lights of West Bokie will find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441,
right next to prestigious Boston market or column pull-free 1-877 Low-Carb, that's where they W.
L-O-W-C-A-R-V or on web at slowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one
Delights of West Bokie, it's your official Atkins Reston piece retail center.
My, my, my, and look all this is Sports Radio 560, the way you am.
It's the Steve Goldstein, but you can call me Kelsey. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute,
I am in town. It's the 12-to-1 hour dot!
Water, 14 feet above the keel in 10 minutes.
Like I pick your wrong week, push moat in the forpeat, in all three holes, and in
boardroom six. It's like I pick your wrong week, quick, quick. When can we get on the way,
damn it? Get that finger out of your ear. You don't know where that finger's been.
That's five compartments and it looks like a big tile in all.
She can say a photo with the first four compartments reached, but not five.
The top of the barbers stand way?
Multi-five. Like I pick your wrong week, when I'm fed a means.
The water will spill over the tops of the ballkits. There's no substance.
Nick, he's Jared. There's a fire in the bar.
From this moment, no matter what we do.
Me, John, big tree.
Titanic, move founder.
I just want to tell you both good luck. We're all counting on you.
I believe you may get your headlines, Mr. Smith.
There's a sale at pennies.
Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French girls wearing this.
Where did you get that dress? It's awful and no shoes in that coat.
Geez!
Bravo to a 560 WQA.
Well, the reason I play that is somebody said Titanic.
And I was kind of like a toofer on it.
But I got the winner right here. Nobody's been a vote for it because nobody has seen it.
And you know what? It's a good thing.
Mike, you got the winner.
The most depressing film ever was Death in Venice.
Never see it? No.
Don't.
Okay. That's a fact thing.
Okay, safety.
Oh, it is so depressing.
At the end of that movie, you just want to blow your brains out.
It's about this old queen and he's in Venice, Italy.
And he sees this young, very feminine looking boy who's there with a teenage kid about, I don't know, 14-15.
I've already discussed it in depressed.
Who's already there with his parents and they're on the fancy hotel on the beach.
And he keeps eyeing and oogling and nothing ever happens.
And then he goes out on the beach and come to find out that the young kid's got a boyfriend
who's even a little more fated than he is at any rate.
And it's just and he and he and he dies.
Of course, I'm telling you, I'm spoiling the end for you because,
no, I don't want you to see it.
It's very depressing.
It's morbid.
It's sick.
Death in Venice, you got the winner, Mike.
Nice job.
Boy, you got faxes up the ass here.
Yeah, they're still coming out here.
Wow.
They're coming out of your ass.
By the way, welcome.
He's enough. Thank you.
I've seen a lot of depressing films as this one, almost all on your current list.
But as far fiction goes, the clear winner of a film two years ago called The Grey Zone.
Well, death in Venice was The Grey Zone.
Well, this one is called The Grey Zone.
It tells the based on the story of Sunder Commando, the Sunder Commando squads at Auschwitz.
These were the Jewish prisoners who had exchanged for an extra few months of life work for the Nazis.
I wonder if Dictania supervised.
They didn't kill her torture other prisoners and said their job duties included the following
leading the new arrivals to the gas chambers with soothing lies,
emptying the gas chambers after the mass murders, pushing the bodies into the ovens,
dumping the ashes into the river, and you thought your job sucked.
And as Harvey Kytel, Mira Sorvino, Steve Buschimi, Natasha Leon, and David Arquette in the cast.
It's called The Grey Zone.
It's on HBO two this month, a couple more times.
It says I recommend hiding the razor blades before watching.
Thank you.
Also, Jerry Badeira Springs says, I'd like to suggest the hours for today's most depressing movie
starring Nicole Kidman, Julianne Moore and Meryl Streep.
There she is again.
Your favorite?
Yeah.
As three disturbed women in three different decades, they all were affected by the writings of Virginia Wolf,
played by Kidman, a very disturbing and depressing movie, morbid and depressing.
Thanks, Jerry.
Mike says,
the aloe budget film that they built in the 80s called The Last American Virgin, the title is Miss
Lady Perhaps George May we call you, we call?
Yes, and they're absolutely right.
Boy, howdy depressing.
Says I was eight years old at the time was just devastated by the ending,
and Troy did features a teen who supports the young lady he loves,
who happens to be pregnant by the high school quarterback.
He wasn't really Williams.
The supporting teen pawns is not a quarterback.
The supporting teen pawns is personal belongings, relinquishes their savings and pays for the
abortion.
He provides undying, spiritual and emotional support to where the two begin a relationship.
Ultimately, the movie ends at a party with the young woman on gravefully kissing the
teen who impregnated her, leaving the other young man devastated a heartbroken.
Sure.
Says usually movies end happily.
This one did not, and I remember it still says Mike,
he's pressing and hitting damn close to home for a lot of us.
Oh, Rick says he's got two.
Wow.
Well, the second one you came up with the name, that's good.
Coming home with Bruce Dernan, Jane Fonda.
Well, who now would want to come home with either one of them?
Well, maybe Jane Fonda if she'd keep her trap shot, I guess, huh?
Hey, we got the top of pictures of her.
Well, that's coming soon.
Squirt, Squirt.
Ted Turner will be pissed while he'll cure any more.
Hector says that my most depressing movie, oh, yeah, this is good,
my love story with Ryan O'Neil and don't tell me.
I can see her right now.
What's what is she, what happened to her?
Mohamed Ali McGraw.
Whatever happened at Ali McGraw.
She got old and married somebody.
Oh, I mean, I think in the other order though.
And who else was in that Ray Melan played the obnoxious father?
Remember that?
No.
You don't remember Ray Melan?
No, I don't remember that movie.
I think I'm going to be like, oh, yeah, he was an asshole, man.
He was great.
Let's say Nancy says my friend's most depressing movie was JFK.
Mine was what dreams may come with Robin Williams.
Oh, any movie with Robin Williams?
Except Patch, Dr. Patch, whatever that was.
Was that movie?
Patch Adams.
Patch Adams.
Was that he was kind of grizzly?
I'm sure we can say that.
I'm going to have to start talking about that.
Today, before the meeting ends,
you know the one with Greg and Joe Rose.
Also Nancy says I have my, I had to have my miniature,
oh, I'm so sorry Nancy.
Had to have my in pin put to sleep last week.
She lived there.
I can't and you find is this on the original facts like this?
She lived something and I can't read that one sentence.
I guess I thought you'd appreciate that.
You're the best.
She lived I just can't read the sentence.
That's up on the facts.
Sorry Nancy.
Nothing like a man pin to keep you on your toes all the time.
They're great.
I'm going to say it again.
Jason Williams could be put to death right now.
Forget the trial.
Forget all that.
Hazarai.
I wonder what they're doing on court TV.
Are they doing Jason Williams or what?
I'm not.
I'm okay.
Yeah.
It's the Jason Williams trial.
They're saying they're yucking it up.
You know how I can make up those names.
You got your okay.
So now you go right or do you go left?
Actually, yeah.
They're just yucking it up like some big funny is going on here.
Meaning with right and we went left.
We knew how it was driving and
people that was the accident they were going the wrong way.
I went and to fry his ass on nation worldwide TV right at the stroke of midnight tonight.
Stir fry.
John Steinbeck's The Grapes of Randolph Quetta depressing film.
Great book depressing well.
The whole story is depressing.
Right?
Yes.
Meribeth says my poor suggestion is papillon with Steve McQueen and Dustin Hoffman.
Thanks Meribeth.
Got a nice note on here.
Titanic, Chris and Titanic dick or whatever that bit is we got.
Titanic.
Lynn says,
Cuckoo's Nest.
Everybody's in on this today.
Nice one, Sean.
Great poll.
25.
Boxes on it too.
On what?
Cuckoo's Nest.
Oh yeah.
Well, it was it was depressing but it was also I don't know.
It was you're right.
It was really depressing.
It was bittersweet but depressing overall.
Although I like it when the Indian was two in a gum.
Juicy fruit.
Tussy fruit.
Ha ha ha.
You slice and have a big teeth.
Let's see the crossing guard with Jack Nicholson.
Everybody loves Jack Nicholson.
He's just so he is.
He's him.
The crossing guard directed by Sean Penn.
It says gut wrenching.
Says chronic facts are Todd and Hollywood.
Who's got the hots for Julia Yarber on the WB news.
Uh let's see.
Oh Earl one of our black listeners was the one who sent Philip
and Alfie before with Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington.
Thanks Earl.
So there you go.
That takes care of the facts.
It's got all mighty.
We're going to have a zillion.
How many thousand names on here?
About 30.
Mighty pressing movies.
Okay.
That didn't end exactly the way George wanted them to.
Right.
How's how's Magnolia?
I don't think anybody has seen Magnolia.
It's too long.
A couple of times.
We've seen it and then they told everybody I'll tell bad.
It wasn't so nobody saw it anymore.
As for this is an asshole man.
See I finally got him to admit that he either that movie.
Can be.
Is that all of these months man?
You're sucking up.
Sucking up pretending you like the movie.
Hey, you're not the only one that can just make stuff up.
What does that mean?
You make stuff up all the time.
So it's like I like Midnight Express because of all the prison
factory for example.
Well,
Valley of the Dolls the Sharon Tate story was on a
an e last night.
Oh, I've seen that about a million times the Sharon Tate story.
Valley of the Dolls.
That's depressing.
How come a Charles Manson still alive?
I know they didn't have the death penalty or whatever.
Yeah, right?
There's nobody with a musician because he had some songs.
Oh, that's right.
And a sister Marilyn was pretty good too.
Most depressing movie born free says film a mug game.
What that was that about?
The Lions.
Oh, I knew it was an animal story.
Elsa the lion.
Ethan says the most you pray.
I was speaking of that.
Here's another one.
All the LR.
Yeah, what's more depressing than shooting a dog?
I don't know.
I just didn't want to see Jason.
Whatever's name is where will the Republicans put their campaigns big
up?
Maybe they'll stick it in your butt.
Some of the main goals of the conservation office.
Well, they're in a break.
I thought maybe Jason was going to shoot another dog there.
Right on TV right in the courtroom.
You're telling me that nothing happened.
That's a PS that says from Ethan the picture
genitive for Conley should have been for the Dildo scene from
Mercury and for Dream.
Oh, that's coming.
We got a lot of time.
We'll have a different one every day.
Sure.
Okay, right?
But but Ethan brings up a good point like you know what I'm trying to do.
Something nice here.
Spruce up the website to give people something like little charge.
Whatever it is.
We're going to have a lot of second guessers like Ethan saying that you
should do this and you should do that.
I think Eashon should start his own website and put pictures on there.
Were you stopped picking on Ethan?
He's just a suggestion.
That's all.
Yeah, I suggest this.
He wants to ask to ask.
So maybe his to yours.
How do you like that?
He's got a he's got a big instrument.
He borrowed it from Celia Cruz.
She don't need it no more.
See if you'd stop picking on Celia Cruz.
Our Latina audience would come back.
We'd have a 40 share in the next book.
I'll tell you right now.
I ain't gonna do it.
Are you going to do it?
I ain't done.
We love Celia Cruz.
She'd be the best.
She's not ready.
I'm ready.
Let's pass note at 560W.
You hear him?
I'll tell you who's the worst.
And that's Todd Dreck, man.
In fact, when they invented that word,
Dreck, there's a picture of his name right next to it.
Last time you looked at it, guys, you decided
it just ain't what it used to be.
It doesn't impress women.
Definitely doesn't last as long as it used to.
And of course, we're talking about your paycheck.
Of course.
Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y.
Call Fast Train Tool 3 at 1-866-Fast Train.
Why the hell they pay him money?
I have no idea.
You know, he must have naked pictures of those people.
See.
Call Fast Train Tool 3 at 1-866-Fast Train.
Start a brand new, high-paying computer career.
It just, for sure, at months,
Fast Train can up to get yourself a new career with a new life.
And a big fat one too, a big fat paycheck.
Georgia warrior, big fat one.
And you can smoke it to celebrate.
The demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy.
And it's just no end in sight.
So pick up that phone right now and get out of your den and job.
Get out of that rough that your life is stuck in.
Call Fast Train at 1-866-Fast Train.
And with seven locations around town,
there's bound to be a campus nearby you.
Fast Train offers job placement, financial assistance for people of qualify.
And with Day Night & Weekend classes, there is no excuse
to be working for peanuts, no more.
If you register now, you can have that new, high-paying career.
It's the middle of February.
Let's see.
May.
March.
It doesn't make him after February.
March.
August.
Let's see.
March.
The triple-may June.
Like I said, by the middle of June.
So call Fast Train now and you can have a really big,
impressive paycheck too.
And a real life and maybe get lucky as well.
Call 1-866-Fast Train or check them out on the web.
at FastTrained.com.
I even get my back down.
And when I'm always on the main,
you seem to get a bad wedding.
So when you do the press conference,
so why am I in love with you?
When I get you,
never thought,
reinforced me,
so was your vision.
When you're dead,
when there's trouble,
I can count on you to lead me on the double.
When I see you,
I fall in love,
so why am I in love with you?
So when you do the press conference,
so why am I in love with you?
When I get you,
never thought,
when I see you,
I fall in love,
so why am I in love with you?
So when you do the press conference,
so why am I in love with you?
When you do the press conference,
so why am I in love with you?
When I see you,
I fall in love with you.
When I see you,
When I see you,
I fall in love with you.
You stare at me from the shell,
and you depress me.
So why am I in love with you?
All right.
All the depression all the time.
Twenty past eight, and you're welcome.
No problem.
Captain Ferraris Mandolin
with Nicholas Cajunpele,
and Celia Cruz,
and Celia Cruz,
and Celia Cruz,
and Celia Cruz,
and Celia Cruz,
and Celia Cruz,
and Celia Cruz,
and Celia Cruz,
and Amelia Guanarito,
Or   tre un voli dfi,
or advertise  tre une fois pour le explaining des incorrects.
Billie canodu de la Fastaa,
qui stressera comme une mme chose  employer.
Dr. Jelapanda Ballixtar,
qui crique toi hein?
PAR agradece un trucanie.
W Break Maybe.
Well, we got a good list here going, you know.
Here's the double digit one so far. What was the most depressing movie ever made?
We'll start from the bottom. Deliverance 10, American History X-11, casualties of war and Magnode H-12,
saving privates or Ryan's privates 14 and looking for Mr. Goodrends 14, Sophie's Choice 15, Midnight Cowboy 18,
Brian Song 25, Philadelphia 29, Midnight Express 31, Terms of Endearment 34, and Requiem for Dream?
Oh! 49. You know what ever comes?
Terms of Endearment is famous and highly touted as it is.
Yeah, did you?
Wasn't that with Shirley McLean?
See, and Jack Nicholson.
Didn't see it.
Neither.
Now that wasn't a one's where she was doing her thing on the bed, was it?
No, that was being there with Peter Sellers.
Oh, she was doing it on the bed and on the floor and all over the place.
And he liked to watch.
Right.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's that famous line 9 again, QAM.
Hey, they already doing it 8.
Pretty good, sir?
You gotta put beaches on that list.
Okay.
And as far as Jason Williams, how the hell's he allowed to even put dust on Gunn until all the rest of it comes down?
Exactly.
You know, let me do his back.
Because he's the leader of the 8. Thanks a lot, Palley.
Because he's a big NBA star, man.
That's why nobody's gonna mess with his piece.
Boy, they should do a lot of commercials on the court TV, you know what?
Every time I flip over to try to, like, just put a little bit of it on the air.
I guarantee you a one thing, if I flipped over to Playboy TV right now, it wouldn't be an old commercial.
Well, the good report TV is they hit the interrupts on a real court action, so they wait for a wall and they can't let the stock do it.
I see.
Well, there's no law of the action on Playboy TV right now.
This is probably last day you'll be able to hear any of the audio from Playboy TV even the music because...
Michael Powell is gonna be really prooked off when he finds out about this.
560.
560.
Audio AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm gonna look at a little bit of that trial on again.
If it ever comes back on, there it is.
Okay.
Okay.
You wanna see tag me with Boo Buns.
Is that what?
C-SPAN.
C-SPAN.
How can I do that?
I've got no C-SPAN.
I don't know what channel it is here on the K-Bull.
I don't want it.
I want to see Jason Williams get what he's got coming to him.
I'm looking over the area.
It's basically.
I'm looking over here again.
The medic should be there.
You've already done that.
What do you do with that?
Oh, again, I'm looking at the area and that's when I'm just making mental notes.
See, maybe somebody in this audience can explain to me why this man wasn't charged with a crime or if he was, what that'll happen with shooting his dog and killing a dog?
Can somebody explain that to me?
Please?
Sports.
WDQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
The worst movie.
The most depressing movie.
You gotta give me cast away and the Green Mile.
Both on Hanks Lake.
Okay. Thanks, amigo.
Cast away and the Green Mile.
He did too, but that's okay.
He meant well.
Unlike Jason Williams.
It's worth all the individuals that were.
This is Tupor Melvin Sanders who responded to the crime scene.
Did you see, but then did you see Mr. Williams?
How?
You said you went in, you went around the room and later you went back to collect the names.
Okay.
So that what I'm trying to get at is before you went in to get the names, did you see Mr. Williams in the bedroom?
Was he in the bedroom?
Right.
No, sir.
Did you ever see Mr. Williams in the bedroom?
From that point?
Yes.
At a point when I thought Mr. Williams back into the bedroom.
You brought him from the dining room back into the bedroom?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
So now, before that, you would only talk to him for one quick second before you went in to see Mill houses.
Isn't that true?
Perseconds, yes sir.
Right.
Okay.
So you went in to see Mill houses.
Now you bring him back in the bedroom.
Now you can tell me, you know what?
You know what I think is going to happen to Jason Williams?
What do you think is going to happen?
Nothing.
Oh.
Yeah.
You're right.
Let's see.
Here's one from Mark and Stevie.
Here's our picks, the conformist Italy and Easy Rider USA.
The conformist.
Tell me what we don't want to put Titan movies on her.
Who we?
Nobody thought of that.
You ever hear that movie?
Nope.
Easy Rider.
As far as pirate radio has about a pirate woodpecker to jam all those Lausy radio stations
back to the Stone Age.
Thanks, Mark and Stevie, of the highly rated pirate radio show.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
From 26 at QAAM, hey, your fear carpets look like they just came from the Stone Age.
If they need a little bit of help, call the people of dry concepts.
Please do yourself a favor.
Don't just go to the yellow pages and play Russian roulette with those expensive carpets
because you'll be real sorry that you did.
Dry concepts is the best in the business.
It brings your carpeting back to life and looking just like brand new.
That's why I've used them in my home for over 20 years and what they've been around in town
while the others have come and gone like crazy.
Using dry concepts certified train technicians that'll drag clean your carpet.
Just like they drag clean your carpeting, they leave them looking just like brand new,
vibrant and color-soft to the touch-moving nominee fresh.
They're drying a couple of hours.
It's like a miracle-performed right there in your house.
And they do a stupidest job on your area rugs and your furniture, draper, your poultry, all of these things.
And when you call dry concepts next time, be sure and ask them to put you on your stand violinist.
You can say 15% of your next carpet cleaning would dry concepts.
They'll give you a guaranteed written price up front.
They do the most phenomenal job ever seen by man.
How can you beat it? What's not to like?
Call them at their toll-free number.
You'll thank me for turning you on to dry concepts to the best in the world.
Call toll-free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com.
We're Sports Radio 560-2AM.
Showed her right melon.
And man was great.
Had an airy-yola like a big dinner plate.
Jam is right ta-ta.
Grab every headline.
Wonder if she'll help CBS pay to fine.
First she denied it.
Said it was a mistake.
A costume malfunction said Justin Timberlake.
Now they've admitted they flashed for the tour.
It'll be a suitable remembered for the move.
A TVFCC says it was in DCC.
Some pornography.
Big Yip.
One lip.
I'll never forget.
Bad infamous tongue.
I'll remember this game for sin.
Can it's judge?
All right.
Pro 32.
I love those abrupt ones, man.
I just make my kishki's twist.
Loving heats up as Massachusetts prepares to take up gay marriage ban.
As the hours tick down, the lobbying at the Massachusetts State House ratcheted up all an effort.
Ah! And the sway lawmakers on the break of voting today.
On a constitutional amendment they would ban gay marriages.
It's the only one problem with all of this.
You know what that is?
If they passed this constitutional amendment it would begin in Massachusetts in 2006.
According to the State Supreme Court ruling, the gay marriages can begin in May.
So there are going to be people getting married between May of this year in 2006.
And what happens then?
A nolement.
Or something new.
I see.
That's even worse than a nolement.
A joint session of the House and Senate in a constitutional convention begins this afternoon.
Just a week after the State's highest court ruled that nothing short of marriage will be legal under the current Massachusetts Constitution.
Already by this morning the antennas and satellites this is more than a dozen TV trucks line streets on Beacon Hill.
And busloads of people on both sides of these should begin flocking to the State House.
Civil marriages and civil rights proclaim the banner from the Unitary Universalist Association.
Chance of, hey, hey, ho ho, homophobies got to go.
Don't you love those of chance?
Hey, hey, ho ho, what do we want?
Why do we want it to stick it up your ass?
Next to the group was one woman held a poster that said, honor thy father and mother, Yamama.
A handful of opponents to the amendment stood in front of the State House steps receiving an occasional honk from passing cars, from honkies and cars.
I'm against discrimination in any form. I don't care if you're purple, green, yellow, polka dotted, raw tax paying citizens with rights have carried into a 49 of and over.
James Miola, 57 of West Boston, a health care administrator in a pinstripe suit with a tie with Bible passages printed on it, was one of the people who were selected to sit in the House gallery during the debate.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha! He's wearing a tie with Bible passages on it. I wonder what side of the issue he's on.
He said, God has laid down the moral absolutes for all mankind and of solely scriptures and the cornerstone of civilization is the institution established by God called the family.
He warned that if man stops following the moral spiritual laws established by God, judgment will come just like Sodom and Gomorrah.
Who are they?
Couple of heeks.
Couple of fags.
The court's original landmark ruling in November and a follow-up advisory opinion last week intensified efforts to place a ban on gay marriage in the books.
All while scores of same-sex couples across the state prepared to begin taking wedding vows as early as mid-May.
The latest maneuvering came yesterday afternoon from a bipartisan group of state-centered leaders who saw the middle ground proposing to compromise that would ban same-sex marriage but establish civil unions.
I don't know why they're wasting their time with that because the court is going to say, ah, they already said they ain't going to cut it.
Ain't got to cut it.
And of course, you know, the Republicans are celebrating on this because they're just waiting to hang this like an albatross around John Kerry's neck.
You know that, don't you?
Good backfire.
And speaking of that, speaking of good friendly Republicans, President Bush plans to endorse on the national level a constitutional amendment that would define marriage as the union of a man and a woman in response to that Massachusetts court decision requiring legal recognition of gay marriages in that state.
Key advisors said yesterday.
Bush plans to endorse lying, which introduced by representative, Marilyn Musgrave, Republican and Colorado that backers contend with ban gay marriage but not prevents state legislatures from allowing the kind of civil unions and same-sex partnership arrangements that exist in Vermont and California.
Bush has moved incrementally over seven months toward embracing a ban on gay marriage and advisor city will clarify his position with a pubic statement shortly.
We'd like to see Congress take it up and the president will be supportive of a tap Republican official said we would like to see both chambers act sooner rather than later.
Bush's move could put cultural issues at the forefront of election year that's been dominated by economic and national security issues.
That's right. He sure is how it wants to talk about this.
I'll have a lot more than that.
I'll have a lot more than that.
I'll have a lot more than that.
I'll have a lot more than that.
I'll have a lot more than that.
I'll have a lot more than that.
I'll have a lot more than that.
I'll have a lot more than that.
I'll have a lot more than that.
The Republican official said Bush's decision to proceed now was driven partly by his desire to start the general election campaign on a fresh issue.
In other words, bigotry.
At a time when his credibility has been vetted by questions about pre-war warnings of unconventional weapons in Iraq as well as gaps in documents about his national guard service.
They've even talked about that.
Didn't we today yet?
No, not yet.
Well, you know, those documents they released yesterday proved nothing.
Okay.
And I'll say it again, the people who were there in Alabama and in Houston where he contends that he fulfilled his guard duty.
They don't remember him being there.
Any more than they did yesterday or we could go circus him any other time before they came out with these documents.
That sounds like duty.
All it proved was that he got paid.
Well, what does that mean?
Does that mean that he was there?
No.
Does that prove anything that he actually showed up?
And it doesn't address the lie about leaving early to go to Harvard Business School, law school,
because he didn't do that until a year later.
What about the honorable discharge?
Yeah, that's right.
That proves it to me.
I had one the other day.
The fix was I had one this morning.
It was very honorable.
Why didn't I have that kind?
Here's a fact from Rick that says the most depressing movie I've ever seen would be the professional starring Janet Reno and Jean Reno and Gary Oldman.
If you haven't seen it lock up all the knives guns and anything with a point, not to mention anything now all the windows.
Well, there's the colon rolling.
I spent days out with the best of our analyst with director tenet with deputy director Macawkelyn out of the CIA going over the case and duck hunting.
No doubt with the device president.
It says I was watching the morning show on CBS the interview Dr. Rice and just had around the ropes with all the questions about Bush.
What really got to was the pull showing 55% of Americans not trusting president Bush.
The only answer was that Sodom was a very bad man.
I fell off my chair and pooped my points Rick says.
How the worm has turned I guess the media started to realize the jigs up and trying to cozy up to the Democrats.
Whichever way to win is blowing one.
Can't say that word.
What?
Democrats?
5 6 7 0 5 16 we're looking for the most depressing movie of all time W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah speaking.
Speaking.
Oh, I did a movie for the Paul.
Go right ahead.
Thank you for slowly.
With Michael Moriadi and Bobby De Niro.
What is it?
Thank yourself slowly.
No, bang the drum slowly.
It was a remake from one of those live TV things when I was always here.
I was in the live TV.
Must be depressing.
It sounds like you're still a little bit more responsible.
Okay, thanks a lot.
I thought we have a great day.
He did say bang yourself slowly.
He was being a little bit funny.
I understand.
That's real funny.
Not hysterical fault.
He said.
Right.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Requiem for Dream.
Maybe Uncatchable 54.
Terms of Endearment 35.
They did not express 33.
Brian Song's God.
About third man.
Philadelphia 29.
Nobody else in Oloq, Contemporary with the other one so far.
5 6 0 go to do the break, right?
I'll pull in Paulis and.
Obligations as contained in 12 years of UN Resolution.
Yes, you're got to hand, boy.
I talk about a sellout.
In the morning that one day says,
well, you know something they didn't find any weapons.
If I didn't own that, we wouldn't have gone to war.
It was bad information.
We got bad.
And then all of a sudden, by noon, but I mean,
but I hope he's missing in the right tune.
I guess somebody made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
What are all his family members like accounted for?
Well, we know where his son is.
Yeah.
Kevin Spacey, it says the worst, pay it forward.
Oh, oh, see it.
Not, yeah.
I'm sorry to say.
Not only does it fit the list,
but it's just one of these movies like El Norte,
which is just nothing but the entire length of the movie
is set up for a giant, giant,
you know, kick in the stomach.
Yeah.
And everybody's tout.
No, it's such a great movie.
It's a criminal.
It's a heart.
Oh, hard, harshly.
Bob and Fort Lauderdale says Jennifer Connelly is the back
to up on my computer when a corporate snoops aren't around great choice.
Also, we says full metal jacket depressing.
Yes, and dating.
It was depressing.
Yes, it was.
How about the one at Sheridan's wearing on passion,
the full metal straight jacket?
19 to 1 at 560 WQN guys Valentine's Day is this Saturday.
It's only a couple of days away,
but you still have a chance.
You still have time to do the right thing.
Hope you're not thinking about giving the same old tired flowers
or candy this year,
unless you're planning getting nothing in return like you usually do.
Here are three words you need to remember,
Vermont Teddy Bear.
Center of Bear Gram had worked the lover boy Bear,
the love band of Bear, the new All-Star Valentine dress like a sports fan.
When it gets there,
she'll be completely surprised and shocked.
And all of her coworkers will think you're the greatest guy
because you center such an original thoughtful gift,
even if you're a schmuck.
Then maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping and praying for.
So just call 1-800-829 Bear,
and a friendly Bear Council will help you choose the perfect bear
for your Valentine's Deliverable The Free Chocolate
and their famous gift box.
And there ain't nothing better than a gift box.
It only takes five minutes to order overnight delivered
to the Home of Your Office's guarantee,
and like I keep telling you, you still have time.
So call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at VermontTeddyBear.com.
Send your Valentine this year the creative alternative to flowers or chocolate.
That's 1-800-829 Bear and be sure to tell them that old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
I'm Mike and you all.
You're the sports radio fighter.
You way, yeah.
Coming up tonight,
on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Barography Profile Story,
they were the daughters of famous rock stars from the 60s.
And boy, can that make it difficult to succeed in the music industry?
Not. They were Wilson Phillips.
You were so away.
Hold up for one more day.
Look, I don't want anybody thinking that.
I just don't want anybody thinking.
China Phillips, daughter of the mamas and the poppers Papa John Phillips,
formed Wilson Phillips with her friends,
Karney and Wendy Wilson, daughters of Beach Boy Brian Wilson.
Wow, Beach Boy Brian Wilson. Try saying that three times fast.
Beach Boy Brian Wilson, Beach Boy Brian Wilson, Beach Boy Brian Wilson.
Hey, I did it.
All I'm saying is that the music industry is really hard.
I mean, didn't that or who our parents were?
We had a struggle just like everybody else.
Yeah, aha.
That's right, yeah.
Yeah, we could get anyone to listen to our demo.
Yeah, it's a Ronnie over Warner Bros.
Vickade and M. Leslie over to Silent,
the Jacket Crystalist Leonard at MCA.
A Royate Mercury Rapper.
Oh, and then later Karney Wilson,
my famous for not being fat anymore.
Any questions?
Yeah.
It's a big juicy, stopping with, look at show business tonight,
on Inside the Mahal.
Oh, this does then the British Royal Family is announced they've discovered a reason
that the Princess Diana died.
Yeah.
It was a suicide.
I would say.
Let's see.
Here's what it says.
I'd like to add a movie to the pool of Mice and Men,
the most depressing movie I ever have seen of Mice and Men.
Great movie.
Very sad.
Most depressing, a clockwork orange.
I don't know how.
Okay, we'll put it on here.
I thought it was depressing.
I thought it was very entertaining.
I thought it was fabulous.
It was a suicide, guys.
Okay.
Also, this also just in from court TV.
You know that dog that Jason Williams don't have no more?
It was a suicide.
The most depressing by far,
Galipoli with Mel Gibson.
Well, Mel Gibson was hated already.
Man, I just despise him.
I thought he even passion.
Okay.
Before his passion of a, uh,
Jesus, I know.
You've always hated him.
Why is that?
He's not never stole a pretrait.
I just don't like him.
He just, I did.
Rubbed you wrong.
Rubbed you the wrong way once.
He doesn't, he doesn't rub me.
Oh, let's see.
It says Sandra,
is that the name?
Sandra.
She says, uh,
would the Galipoli get the razor blade job?
Oh, look at this.
Now, Glenn Geary Glenn Ross is the pret,
yeah, you're right.
It is, it's especially if you're a sales hole, huh?
Yes, it is.
I think they ought to take our whole sales department
and time to a cheer and make them watch that.
Okay.
Yeah.
And when they start, when they all start screaming
to Kevin Spacey, pretend they're screaming at them.
No pun intended.
Right.
Oh, God.
Now, what is this?
From Steve, suggesting pretty list, the most depressing way,
all that, this is good.
Happiness, how could we have forgotten that?
Sure.
I must have not have seen Requiem for Dream or Magnolia.
So speaking for my personal experience, my vote is for Happiness.
Uh, depressing isn't even the word for it.
Until you get to the dog.
Right.
But it's a hoot.
Why are so many of your listeners unable to differentiate
between movies that are seriously even sad
and those that are depressing?
Break a Miranda's an excellent, serious movie regardless
of what George says.
I just thought it was boring.
And yes, the protagonist died in the end,
but it's not depressing.
I guess you're just grateful that they died already.
I'm grateful that the movie ended already.
They're indominable.
That's what I meant.
They're indominable spirit in the face of an unwinnable situation.
Wenders, they're story heroic, tragic, but heroic.
The grapes of wrath, they're again depicts people
with the indominable spirit facing nearly overwemming forces.
This time, po folks in the Great Depression.
That's depression, not depressing.
And in fact, ends with one of the more famous
uplifting closing lines in the movies.
We'll go on forever, Pa, because we're the people.
Right.
A mental, Romeo and Juliet, citizen can.
These are serious, often sad movies,
masterpieces of cinematic storytelling,
but depressing.
Yeah, I thought a mental was very depressing.
You didn't?
Yeah, there was a lot.
I saw it forward and backward and upside down.
A lot to be depressed about.
It says that they make you want to give up and try again
in another life.
Come on, people, learn some discernment.
It says discernment says Steve.
So just my opinion, that could be wrong.
So sorry, Neil, for the cultural reference to Dennis Miller.
So Steve and Key West.
Too many of them are margaritists.
It makes a good point, but not, uh, not mental.
That is depressing as hell.
Sure.
Unless, of course, you don't empathize with the character,
which, uh, would guy, uh, Madison,
which one there were a lot of depressing stories.
Guy Pierce, Guy Brosnan, 5.670560,
I don't, 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, and hello.
Uncle Neil, follow me up through.
Yes, sir.
I have one for your list.
I cannot believe anyone didn't take this movie.
It's just a brainer.
The deer hunter?
Yeah.
Suicide inducing, sure.
And I have two, two other ones that not really for the pull,
but just, um, to see if you guys that even heard of them,
because I've seen them one called the Little Match Girl.
Oh, good God.
That's, I know.
So I've never heard of it.
So I've never heard of it.
Making me want to commit suicide.
I've never heard anybody talk about that movie.
Well, but let's put it on here.
Maybe we can do more than one.
We can, uh, a children's story for Christ's sake.
Why would you tell that to a child?
It's a very depressing, very depressing movie.
And also there's one, a fan fiction movie with Bruce Dern called
Styrant Running.
Oh, yeah, that's a big TV.
Oh, I thought I'd try to chime in on those guys.
Okay.
Thanks for that pal.
Sit.
Styrant Running is a great movie.
I haven't seen it in 100 years.
That's fabulous movie.
Sure is.
It's a very, very depressing movie.
Oh, oh, oh.
It's not to make you want to say, Jason, what do you mean to Mars?
You know what?
Right away.
I don't know the exact answer.
I would no matter if he was under the influence or not.
Jean, one point with respect to style in this quote,
I would never have noticed that the prospect is a pretty straightforward guy.
Steve, one.
The prospect is a pretty straight guy.
Okay, that's important.
Keep that in mind.
And the dog is still dead.
It was a suicide.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got one.
I'm a long time second time, but soapy's choice.
I think it's on there.
I'm pretty sure it's on there.
Yeah, it is.
Oh, is it really?
Okay, sorry about that.
And you'll be pleased to know what's doing well.
It's got 18 votes.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Okay.
Soapy's choice is doing good.
But I should mean to result some more often, but there's like about a hundred to mon here.
And of course, the good news is Josh is putting these on.
And we don't have to pester Eric with all of this, okay?
Because Eric is too busy making up a bunch of naked pictures.
420 votes.
There's a whole bunch of them don't have any yet.
I mean, they will by the time we come on tomorrow morning, but a whole bunch of them got none.
Requiem for Dream 56.
Terms of Endearment 37.
Midnight Express 34.
The most depressing movie ever.
Ryan Song 32.
Philadelphia 31.
Midnight Cowboy 19.
Stating Ryan's Private 18.
Soapy's Choice 18.
Looking for Mr. GoodRange 15.
Magnolia 12.
Casualties Award 12.
American History X 11.
Deliverance 11.
All the LR10.
And ordinary people 10.
Everybody else in single digits.
Including Lenny, it's got seven, but nobody saw it.
Lenny Bruce Mann died of a broken heart, a broken man.
Yep.
The government destroyed him.
And that was a zillion years ago.
And here we are in 2004.
And we've got this same crap going on today.
Grow up America man before it's too late.
Wake up, sniff the daffodils.
And that fact that somebody sent in about John Kerry.
That was the most I didn't even read it.
That was the most ass-in-eye bunch of crap about him being elected Republicans.
And also the bull crap.
And about Charleston and Kucin and Stas and the Audi Audi.
Get a life man, get with it.
That's your choice.
That's going to be the choice.
Kerry and Edwards or Bush Cheney Hunte again.
That's going to be the choice.
Is it the best choice?
No.
But that's going to be the choice.
So you finger it out, okay?
Get your finger out of your ass and vote 40-50 times just to make sure.
Oh, it smells bad.
Smells like lilacs.
Somebody cue way and hello.
Not there on line one.
At line one, man.
It disconnected, cuts off real bad.
We're doing screenless this year by the way, at least until next year.
Until they did Michael Powell tells us against the law.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The slightest movie I ever saw, Bambi.
Bambi is right.
Yeah, he's right.
It's Bambi.
Bambi is sand.
And so was he.
Okay, you're right, sir.
You're right.
That was Cedar Cruz's Grand Prom.
Wasn't it?
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
The sorrow and the pity.
The sorrow and the pity it already sounds depressing.
Very depressing.
Who's in it?
It's a documentary about the French collaboration with the Nazis in World War II.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pellie.
You bet.
Probably we'll front see.
We, we, they like the we, we rose that.
Yeah, that's right.
Before I found out, what is he?
English, Irish, something like that.
Something like that.
Joros.
I like the we we.
And then as soon as he said that, I found out he was French.
I like the we we.
French lawmakers, by the way, vote overwhelmingly to ban religious
apparel in public school.
Oh, right.
Say you go, boys.
You go, frogs.
France's lower house of parliament voted overwhelmingly yesterday.
The ban students were from wearing Islamic headscarves.
And any other religious apparel in public schools.
And of course, if we say that in the US, all boy.
Can you imagine the fewer?
I can see him.
And what his reaction is going to be.
The classroom ban, which also applies to Jewish skull caps and large Christian crosses.
Those big gigantic crucifixes that chase away Dracula was approved.
494 to 36 and early March, the measure will go to the Senate where there's little opposition.
In other words, it's in.
But it's in.
It stipulates that in schools, junior high schools and high school sign and dress
that conspicuously show the religious affiliation of students are verboten for
a bidden nished.
It would not apply to students in private schools, of course, order French schools in other
countries because other countries are obsessed with that religious craft, especially the good
old USA.
Why in local?
Here's sports radio 560, you a.
You a.
The one to do our.
I want to try some right now.
Never really been done before.
I'm going to sing something and then I'll grab across your boobies and make one of them
flop out for all the families to see at home.
And then what I'm oblivious to the outrage, I'm until access Hollywood was on purpose within
the next day.
I'm going to blame the whole thing on you and the NFL will too.
And so we'll see the SNMTV.
And then I'm just going to say.
It's for someone who'll malfunction your boobies right to two.
And the fans will say, I don't know how it happens but at least I got to see food.
It's a minute after one of five sixty.
I'm going to give you a minute.
I got to hand it for unless Willie Williams is released for a few hours because what he's
penciled in to be on from a two to seven today.
The chairman of the FCC, to lawmakers today that the Super Bowl halftime show was a new
low.
A new low for prime prime TV.
But several members of Congress said the FCC has failed to enforce decency standards.
Testifying with the other four commissioners before the Senate Commerce Committee, Michael Powell,
the anxious one, said the FCC was investigating whether the show which ended with Justin Tinkerbell
tearing off part of Janet Jackson's top and exposing her right breast to 90 million TV viewers,
violated in decency laws.
But now infamous display during the Super Bowl halftime show which represented a new low and
prime time TV is just the latest example in a growing list of deplorable incidents over the nation's
airwaves.
Powell said, deplorable incidents, they have deplored.
The FCC has received more than 200,000 complaints about the halftime show.
Probably a lot of them were complaining they didn't see the other breast.
Powell said the commission has aggressively gone after indecency violators and would start
doing more, including finding broadcasters for each incident rather than each program and
revoking licenses of some serial violators.
We definitely need increased enforcement authority, Powell said, but at a house hearing later in the day,
lawmakers slammed the FCC's enforcement efforts to date.
The FCC has many numerous tools to enforce these important policy requirements, including the ability to
revoke the station license at Ed Markey, Massachusetts Democrat, yet it's increasingly clear the
property finds the FCC assesses have become nothing more than a joke.
Last year, Markey said there were 240,000 complaints about 375 different programs, only three notices went out.
As Real know deterrent effect left, Markey said, this is especially true of the multi-billion conglomerates that control a multitude of stations.
A halftime show at the Super Bowl is the proverbial last straw said Joe Barton Republican of Texas, the last straw.
The House panel is going to be hearing from the FCC commissioners Paul Tatyibub, was he already on?
Yes.
And, no, Carmison, president of Icomon, or both CBS, which year the halftime show an MTV which produced it.
He was also on.
Now, what do you say?
I might still be on.
But a boo, like that.
Well, put it on then.
Oh, I forgot what channel it was.
Took me an hour to find it.
Huh?
In this district and all my colleagues demonstrate a commitment to our retirees and join it.
Mel does.
Has nothing to do with it.
No.
CBS gave everyone on the FCC, everyone in Congress every pern's organization, every pern is slapping the face and said, go to hell.
Said that right wing obnoxious, L. Brent, Voselle III, the turd.
You turd.
President of the Pern's TV Council, a conservative right wing, and a wacko group.
The wake up alarm went off the FCC, Voselle, said, now what you're seeing, other commission is taking a very strong public position on this.
God, he got it.
And so it goes on.
Has the chilling effect of one and a half scene of a breast, America having a nervous breakdown, while the rest of the world points their fingers and just falls down, laughing their asses on, and all of us.
What a bunch of overgrown children, man.
Grow up already.
It was a little pity.
I keep pertin to play that, I guess it will.
Why don't you?
Because I guess we'll probably won't be able to after today.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Can you play the Willie Williams, like the Abotic Song?
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a movie for your tourist.
Go ahead.
I'm getting on it.
What is it?
The pianist.
The penis?
Yes, the pianist.
The piano.
Okay.
Okay, thank you, sir.
There's nothing more depressing than a pianist that doesn't work.
Leaving Las Vegas is DP on the facts here.
Leaving Las Vegas.
Absolutely.
Really?
Yeah, good movie.
Absolutely.
Huh?
What's it about?
Leaving Las Vegas?
Nicholas Cage goes to Las Vegas to drink himself to death.
And then he goes.
When he does.
And then he does.
I'm not too keen on him.
He just, he leaves me limp.
He's okay.
Overrated.
He is, he is to, uh, male acting what Murl Streep is the female actor.
Yeah, yeah.
He's okay.
Here's one that says, first time facts are long-time lists.
There are another depressing movie for your poll.
Murder in the first with Kevin Bacon.
Never saw it.
Hmm.
I like Kevin Bacon.
I saw it.
Good flick.
Yeah, good flick.
Is it, but depressing?
Yes, very.
Kevin Bacon's pretty good.
He used to be on a guiding light, by the way, for those who care.
Anybody out there care?
No.
He's a good guy.
That's a human.
He is a good guy.
He's great.
He's a good actor.
The only thing he did that hated was that was awful, huh?
Footloos.
No, footloos was good.
It was cute.
What's wrong with that?
Your gay.
It was about all in Bible, fronters.
Yeah.
But what about JFK?
Right?
Yeah.
What about JFK?
That's ridiculous.
Awful accent.
His man.
He was just, he wasn't good man.
Of course that movie was something.
It was Oliver Stone, man.
Talk about another legend in his own mind.
Oliver Stone.
I'll give you another depressing movie speaking of Oliver Stone.
Talk radio.
Okay.
Especially for those of us who are in it.
God was that a piece of crap movie.
Peter Bagnonovich.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Eric Bagotzean.
Right.
What do you hear?
Did I say Peter Bagnonovich?
Same person as Eric Bagotzean.
W.A.M.
Somebody did lots of leaving lots.
Thank you so already?
Just now.
Oh, man.
I've been on hold for 20 minutes.
Okay, but at least you got on.
That's you ass, baby.
Okay.
Ask to ask.
You want to see the ass to ask?
Why don't we get that picture on there?
What?
We could, but see the thing with video captions, which is what they're talking about.
Yeah.
Because they're not notorious for their quality.
Yeah, that's true.
Hopefully, going to see quality.
I mean, we got Jennifer Connelly on there almost naked today.
Right.
Very tastefully done.
Don't find that other picture.
It's also a video capture, but it's a decent.
Thank you, Lauren.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
The internet is going to have a pool.
I mean, it's already booming, but it's going to go through the roof now.
Because the FCC has no regulatory powers over the internet yet.
And so as a result, anybody who wants to see even like,
even like a little teeny bit of booby, you know,
like a little, a little bit of booby,
they're not going to see it on TV.
No, Moll.
Not on American TV.
In fact, I think half of America might move out of the country just out of protest over this insanity.
And even Ed Markey from Massachusetts, who ought to know better,
liberal Democrat, even he's screaming,
see, because this is the politically correct thing to do.
Nobody is going to stand up for smut,
which means the First Amendment.
Right.
It's like pornography.
Is anybody going to stand up for that?
Oh, no.
Nobody's going to stand up for drugs, which is freedom.
Right.
Well, no, we have people that stand up for drugs or sit down for it.
Or lay down, right?
Like Robert Teneuro.
Oh, there's another one.
That's another very depressing and long movie,
once upon a time in America.
Oh, man, you talk about depressing noodles.
I wonder if noodles like Washington, Google.
56670560, 60-808D and Verizon line.
QAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I don't know.
Pretty good.
I'm listening and it's crazy that the attention with jamming jacks
and I'm looking at John Kerry, winning all the polls.
And I'm wondering if it's because them talking about his infidelity
and his sexual exploitation and trying to make another Bill Clinton out of this guy.
The inquiries already started with that.
It's scary.
It's scary.
And you can get that guy off list until you're welcome.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pat.
He's going to win it, though.
You'll see, Kerry's going to beat Bush's ass.
Yes, he will.
Kerry's going to lick Bush.
And then those stories prove that he's got a lot of experience.
We want somebody with experience and Kerry can lick Bush.
And it's like a big fat lopsided sweep like a wick.
Because if you recall, the Jennifer Flowers thing, even I,
even somebody as moderately astute as I am,
thought that Clinton was done.
So did Jennifer Flower, things they went on 60 minutes in a hill of eight.
No, we all thought he was done.
And guess what?
Surprise.
Although, although I will say if he were sleeping under a rock last night,
Westlake Clarks pulled out.
In Virginia, voted for the Massachusetts Senator.
Kerry stole Howard Dean's issue.
Tennessee primary voters who felt angry at the Bush administration
were among Kerry's strongest supporters.
Hey, Howard Dean, we want to send you a message, okay?
The answer is no.
You did a lot of good things.
You did a lot of wonderful stuff on the internet.
It was very creative.
But then you fired your manager and you pissed a lot of people off.
Plus you weren't winning anything anyway.
And now, I'm kind of say goodbye, Howard.
Okay?
Whether without Wisconsin or with North Dakota or with any place of time to say,
goodbye and I try.
He just won't take no for an answer.
He's going to come in fourth in Wisconsin next Tuesday.
And he's still going to continue after that.
Anyway, it must be depressing movie under the volcano.
Albert Finney stars as the alcoholic British council in a small Mexican town.
Under the volcano.
I got another one for you.
Boy, talk about depressing.
Even though at the end, it's like me saying, you know,
take the check to the bank at QAM Sunday, bloody Sunday.
Another fact movie with Peter Finch.
You ever see it?
No.
He's a doctor, Peter Finch.
And he and this woman, I forget who else stars in the woman,
they both fall in love with the same young guy.
And a guy like he spends part of the time at Peter Finch is how to shack up with him
and part of the time with a woman who's got a little kid.
And it is so depressing.
And then the guy goes away.
He goes, this is in England, of course, he leaves England,
goes off to New York to seek his fortune.
And you know, Peter Finch was so great.
It's too bad he's dead, you know?
Oh well.
He was, he was, he was great.
And one of the best actors of our time never got any recognition.
I'm in Madness!
I'm in Madness!
I'm in Madness!
I'm in Madness!
I'm in Madness!
Until Network.
In fact, if ever there was a time to see Network, now is the time to see it.
Okay.
Now is the time.
They're not going to do it, but now is the time.
I was going to do it.
And they'll do it.
And this week's a matter of fact.
Right.
This weekend.
I'll find the time.
How long is it?
I'm looking now over to half two hours.
Okay.
Next week, I'll see you this weekend.
Okay.
The problem is, the record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
The record is...
Midnight Express 35, Bryan Song 34, Philadelphia 32, Sophie's Choice 21, and after that, Small Profitus.
12 minutes after 1 at 560 W. Kimberto, forget the Willie Williams show at 205 till midnight.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are IN, Credible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points.
Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have $100,000 loan, your payments are a mere, a paupery, $334 bucks a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are just $668 a month.
And don't forget, once you be financial, get a new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
Just ask Elmer Conrad, he's got one.
Call 1-800-940-Land, get the low rate mortgage of the zero, and then move to your next property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing cost, even when you move to another property.
Get that new, amazing low financing rate of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group.
For details, call 1-800-940-Land and never pay closing costs again.
That's financial group at 1-800-940-LND.
There were equal housing, calendar.
Well, I got a little flamenier, a little mong.
There were equal housing, lender. Restrictions apply.
Rate something to change monthly.
4.21 APR.
My life and law is this is 4.2560.
You will do it.
All right.
I'm singing this song, and I'm feeling kind of sad.
I got my smile from home, but my cheeks came from my bed.
I've got a body like a driving range mat.
When it's cold outside, use my nips to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear, give you a lap dance.
But you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a gyro, ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and finding tissues.
I'm the sun.
Guys, I am cute.
They say I'm fruity.
I'm the one who needs your beauty.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kidney.
But I can't get them then.
Because I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
You're wonderful.
It's something I can't afford.
When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board.
When I turn 11, I started to get cute.
Now I'm 24, and so waiting on my boobs.
You're a Sam Plume.
They say I'm fruity.
I'm the one who needs your beauty.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kidney.
But I can't get them then.
Because I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
You're a pitty.
I've got no titties.
You're a pitty.
No titties.
When I came to the dog and pony show was on.
Paul Tagliaboo was there.
They just showed the clips.
He's still a bat battling around.
And also Mel Carmason.
It's just a dog and pony show.
That's all.
I mean, who's gonna believe anybody's telling the truth anyway, right?
No, that'd be.
So Justin and Janet, oh, it was just an accident.
It was a costume malfunction.
And it took two seconds.
And so the same FCC now, that's a bunch of grave robbers that are in bed with clear channel and via comm.
They're putting on this dog and pony show.
All we're gonna come down hard.
And of course the Democrats being the...
See, when push comes to shove, when your liberties are really on the line,
it proves what I've said all along.
And that facts before he was right.
Both parties suck, okay?
It's just that the Democrats suck a little bit less.
And that's all we got.
But both parties suck.
There is nobody who will stand up for real freedoms in America no more.
It's just politically incorrect.
You just can't do it.
And so all of them now, you know, they're describing it as a bipartisan effort now to get to the bottom of that titty incident
and to clean up the airways.
Well, what in hell is this gonna stop?
I mean, nobody could have known that they were gonna do that.
At least other than those two.
And they're certainly never gonna prove that.
And so what's the point?
What does it mean?
We're gonna take everything that's secured to anybody over the age of five off the year now?
Yeah.
Well, good afternoon everyone.
Welcome to the Neil Rogers show.
I hope you're having a wonderful day.
You know, I mean, what are we talking about here?
Going back a zillion years into time.
And like I said, the Democrats go right along with it because they don't want to be perceived as being,
well, you know, too liberal, too permissive.
That's bad.
Just like they're at Massachusetts, you know, I mean, John Kerry God forbid that he should say,
well, you know what? Guess what? I'm all for a game average.
Oh, I can't say that.
Okay, got the new show open, Mr. Rogers.
All right.
Good morning, boys and girls.
Welcome to my neighborhood.
Hockey talk, man, McLean Eastwood.
Somebody says.
And these other people they won't stop doing a pair.
Well, a pair isn't at least it's not a list.
You know, as we had some that were a list that you faxed me on the Schmidt County.
I even look at them.
If you're going to send us a list anymore on our polls, we Schmidt County.
Sleepers? That's a Woody Allen movie.
No, no, no.
It's not sleeper.
Sleeper, Woody Allen.
This one's sleepers is different.
Yeah, it's different.
Sleepers, sleepers. What's all the sleepers?
Is it starring Wally Cox as Mr. Peepers?
What's sleepers? I don't know.
Well, how do you know there's another movie called Sleepers?
Is that the one where they put themselves to sleep and then wake back up?
Because it's a rush. I don't know.
Oh, yeah.
Let me look this up. Now in my big, big, heavy fat book.
A big fat guy like me oughta have a big fat book.
And I got a big fat one right here.
Okay. And George has probably got a big fat one.
He's gonna wake back to the show.
You're gonna...
Sleepy Hollow.
Sleep My Love.
Sleeping with the enemy.
Sleeping man. Sleeping dogs.
Sleepers.
Sleepers. See, Little Nikita.
There is a... Well, you know, there's sleepers on the other one.
There's also a sleepers.
Little Nikita.
It's a story of a Nikita Christian, I believe.
No, no.
Louis and Russell, liquid sky.
Little girl, big T's.
Oh, big what?
Oh, you guess what? That's also got another name it's called Snatched.
Now, what am I looking for?
Snatched.
No, that's you. What am I looking for here?
Sleepers. No, Little Something.
Little Nikita. Oh, Little Nikita.
Because I already lost my pager.
Little rascals.
Little Nelly Kelly. Little Vitty Titty.
I had a little Nikita.
Tower drone.
Little miracles. Here's Little Nikita aka Sleepers.
Got two names. Kind of like what's the other name of that movie?
Give me one of them.
The Robert Duval movie.
That's got two names.
Oh, the great Santini.
Great Santini and what's the other name of it?
The Ace. Yeah, there you go.
Just came back.
Little Nikita.
Despite a screenplay by the esteemed Bo Goldman.
One full over the Cuckoo's nest,
sent of a woman.
This lackluster espionage thriller is bogged down with the sort of clichs you'd expect
from the height of the Cold War.
It's none too credible either with River penis as a typical American teen
who discovers that his parents are in fact all the world.
Oh, the German Soviet spy.
I've seen that. I have seen that.
His parents are Soviet spies.
It's got a great cast.
It's got Sydney Pate.
It's got Chad and River penis.
And the Richard Jenkins.
And the little red and divine and Andy divine.
Who says, punk your magic twang or river.
Okay, so sleeper than the champ.
Got him. Got him.
And here's another one says, what about the bridges of Madison County
and six and a half weeks?
So Sergio, thanks, Sergio.
Well, what a list we got today.
And now this is a, we got a pile of stuff.
WQA, hello.
Hello, ma'am.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I think the movie George the Side of O was flatliners.
Oh, yeah, that's the one.
Oh, that one too, yeah.
But the depressing movie, the answer in the dark.
The answer in the dark?
Oh, my God. It's like gut wrenching.
So that's to make you want to kill your dog.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks, pal. You have a great day.
That's to make you want to take Jason Williams and just string his ass up.
Okay, that sounds good to me.
Oh, speaking of dog.
What do you think he did so well this week that gave him that honor?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, no, oh, no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We have just, we've just heard it, man.
We have just hit the bottom.
Is Lloyd Bird? Just, hey, Lloyd. How you doing, baby?
We just hit rock bottom.
Bill Humberer is interviewing the woman whose dog won the Westminster Dorg show.
And what is he going to think that Josh the Newfoundland takes off?
What do he do that one on the top?
Normally in the past dogways like 800 pounds. It's no small coochie. No
See I mean to me I have no interest in a dog like that, you know, I mean it will be the tubers a big dog too
But it's it it looks like a dog, you know, does that thing look like a dog to you a little from back
From the ass end from the rear you mean because it's got a tail. Yeah, well look at screw in there you go
I see your poor exotic dogs. No, no
In fact most of the dogs in a dog show our real dogs anyway. I wouldn't give you Nicholas for about 80% of them
And I love dogs you know that but these these to me that ain't a dog now her that's a dog
26 after when there's a real dog that bits over there on the Wall Street fights on the wall on the Shapler man
She is a cow 26 after one at five sixty WQM if you're thinking to buy a new car or truck
Well if you want to save yourself a pot load of cash do this smart thing and visit Armstrong's Toyota homestead
What the hell was that?
What did you hear that I thought you farted or something?
That may hey Josh sniff the air in there. I think he just cut a real big one
Lucky that on us one just 20 minutes out of the 36 Armstrong's I heard it again
Toyota homestead is worth the drive to save thousands and thousands on new Toyota's
Check out these great prices in O4 Corolla loaded including here that you own for just 12 990 and
O4 Camry with air automatic in lots more just
16 990 needed truck how about an O4 Toyota Thunder the safest truck in America from just
14 990 and when you buy your new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota homestead you get a free sun pass
This was the first either in the area of your free tires and batteries for the life of your vehicle
I get choked up just thinking about it general manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota
Two day so experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference are locally owned and operated and they're committed to a
100% customer satisfaction. They'll do whatever it takes to make you a happy camper the service department is open weeknight's late to late to make sure your service work is done and done right to
Easy to get there there on us one and two hundred ninety-third speaking of homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the
36 so if you're sick and tired of the mega dealers who over-promise and under-deliver then it's well worth a trip called David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota
Homestead call 305-242-3247
305-242-247
Drive a little and save a whole new lot on that great new Toyota Armstrong's Toyota of homestead
Good good
Okay
Russia's a junky
Oh
Oh, I was medication for my practice.
I shop attention.
Now in five thousand heels a day.
I tell you, melt this thing.
Rightful, flue the way.
Rashes a compete.
Rashes a compete.
Oh, what the fuck?
What the fuck?
It's the up, it brings me down.
It will show full lot better than downtown Eee.
I got so high that I would float.
So we have least one told firmly.
Back on the world ground.
Rashes a compete.
Rashes a compete.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, what the fuck?
132 at 560.
Pop one more, Rush.
Thank you.
Here's a good facts here from our first time factor.
15-year-lister, first time factor, Al, who says,
in 1982, my friend at the time joined the Marines for four years.
He said he couldn't take it anymore so he told us
commanding officer that he lied on his empty forms to the military.
He said that he'd done all kinds of drugs,
something that would have kept him out of the reported it before getting in.
His commanding officer told him he wasn't going to let him out of the military
so my friend decided to stop participating in all activities.
He was soon called before the commanding officer again
and was told that he was going to be discharged, that he was in disgrace.
Guess what kind of discharge he got?
Honorable discharge, just like Mr. Bush.
Thanks, Al.
Mr. Bush, who's commanding officers,
both in Houston and Alabama said,
we never saw him.
If he was there, we didn't.
He must have been the invisible man because we didn't see him.
Okay, here's a whole bunch of these now.
Wow.
Here's one from William who says,
I have to say the most depressing movie I've ever seen has to be
Spike Lee's general fever.
It's mainly about a black man, Wesley Snipes,
who hasn't affair with a white Italian woman
but has many subplots that are even more traumatic than just interracial dating.
Every character has the most miserable experiences during this film.
They're all pissed off all the time
and the whole thing is just one big fight after another.
Sounds like QAM to me.
Does it?
Yeah.
Kind of sounds like a QAM story to me.
It was the most pessimistic view of the world
and the people in general I've ever seen.
I think it was the first time I've ever walked out of a movie theater
wanting to either a shoot myself or be killer
who went out in the street.
That's what he, what is it?
Jungle Fimo.
Yeah.
Michael says,
most depressing movie,
Days of Wine and Roses.
I think he might jack lemon here as well.
He was trying to say,
the days of swine and roses.
And,
Joe says,
I can't decide between Al and barflies.
All that you guys decide.
What do you say?
Barfly or barflies.
It says barflies here.
I know of a movie named barfly,
which in spite of me.
Why do I have to look this up again?
Yes, you do.
Yeah, I already got the lead to go.
Despite of the short performance
and the fact that the only performance that he's actually appropriate for
because he's playing a joke.
And he plays it really well with pay done away.
Who was in a Mickey work?
Yeah, and pay done away.
Yeah.
Very good movie.
Well, he worked.
Good enough, friends.
Why don't you get his rocks off?
So what am I looking for? Barfly.
Barfly.
There's these dangers.
There's the bells of St. Trinians.
I mean, there might be a movie called Barflies.
Well, that's what I'm looking for right now.
We want it.
There's Barton Fink.
There's Barfly.
Now is there Barflies?
No, is this Barfly?
Okay.
With Mickey work.
Like you said, pay done away.
Alice Knight, JC Quinn, Frank Stallone, Jack Nance, and Sandy Martin.
I wonder if he's kind of like Sandy from Flipper.
So there you go.
That is a barfly.
We'll get that on there.
Well, we've got movies up the answer today, man.
But don't say that.
Let's see.
The heart disease doctor, I can tell you,
what it was more likely to do with infection is infected heart and his oversized.
And nothing to do with his diet.
His arteries were as clean as the inside of a goddamn oxygen tent.
Right?
Right.
WDQ, way, I'm, hello.
Should I have to do a nail?
Yes, sir.
I'm glad you brought up the JC Williams story.
That really, really got me upset.
Yeah.
That was good.
WDQ, way, I'm, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
First time, long time.
All right.
Two things.
Number one, I have family member who was in the military.
And he got caught doing drugs between an honorable discharge and a medical discharge.
Right.
So there goes, there goes to show you how easy they are to get.
I'll be damned.
And number two, it's not probably worth getting a foot on your pole because it's not a popular movie,
but a good movie by River Phoenix that was depressing was called Running on Empty.
Right.
You ever heard of it?
Yes, I have.
I've seen it.
Good movie.
More been in very depressing.
It was very depressing.
Okay, thanks, Paul.
All right.
You have to go from now.
And have a great day.
Poor River Phoenix, man.
He was a pretty good actor.
You didn't like him, though.
Why would you say that?
No, because he was like a lot of people, because he was bi, I guess.
Oh, we're going to have a new, we're going to have a whole new deal on our website after we start with all these pictures.
We're going to have three different categories.
We're going to have like heterosexual, homosexual, no four categories, bisexual, and then tri-sexual,
which is for people who will try anything.
Right.
Machines, animals, aliens.
Right.
Holes in a wall.
Mm-hmm.
And I bet you that Michael Powell is probably one of those.
I bet he's done it all.
I hope that I'll be done.
He probably comes to the door now when he gets home.
Or maybe even backs into it.
Let's see.
What was the most depressing movie ever made?
Requiem has got 63 Ryan Song, 40 terms of a near-men 38, and I express 35 Philadelphia 33,
Sophie's Choice 23, Midnight Cowboy 21, saving Ryan's private's 19, Americanist 3X15, looking for Mr. Goodwrench 15,
or the Yellow 15, Magnolia 14.
You must see Magnolia, don't pay any attention to George.
He just busted my chops.
That's all.
That's all.
He liked it.
He didn't like the ending, but nothing's perfect.
Okay.
Every performance in there was ten-sational.
Yes.
Can we agree on that?
Yes.
All right.
Here's line nine, our best line.
QAM Hello.
Hey, how you doing boss?
Pretty good, sir.
Cool.
I got a couple movies for you.
I'm supposed to do one, but I had a couple for you.
I'll go ahead.
Yesterday I saw a real, real depressing movie on DVD.
Deep Impact, man.
I mean, there was nothing good about that movie whatsoever.
Deep Impact?
Yeah, it was Morgan Freeman.
It's about when the ash right here is.
Friggin Morgan Freeman, yeah.
Yeah, that was pretty depressing.
Deep Impact.
Yeah.
I'm not really sad.
He said, Friggin Morgan Freeman.
That's okay.
He's great.
I have to do that.
What else is the raging ball?
Yeah.
And the dire revamp rank.
Okay, thanks.
Now, what do I miss?
Deep Impact is one of those cheeseball science fiction movies.
It's not a depressing movie.
He's just fun in this.
He is?
Well, I never saw.
How am I supposed to know?
I don't know.
See, all of us who haven't seen it, which is virtually all of us,
did you see it?
Yeah, I believe I did.
And was it depressing?
Not at all.
See.
So he's having fun with us.
That's why he rattled off about 15 and more.
That's why he said Friggin Morgan Freeman, all right?
And put it on the video.
You are so easy.
Yeah, well put it on there for maybe a hundred votes.
What do we care?
Wow.
Oh, I got good news for us all, though.
You notice how everything is good for you.
Tomato sauce?
Good for you.
Helps prevent prostate cancer, right?
Yeah, a little harder.
One of their stuff that's really terrible for you,
everything is good for you.
That's right.
It says here, some argue that, and I've been here in this last several days now,
because with Valentine's Day here, they're trying to, they're trying to,
and of course, Easter coming to, they want to hype all the Easter candy.
Some argue that Valentine's Day is nothing more than conspiracy among greeting card companies,
florists and chocolate tiers.
Nevertheless, many welcome any excuse to indulge in chocolate.
And these chocolate lovers may be heart and alone,
that more and more studies suggest that chocolate is good for you.
Friggin about work in suds and beer is good for you.
Chocolate is good for you.
Chocolate is good.
And cigarettes.
Right.
And booze.
And drugs.
Well, the booze you're not even kidding.
Remember the wine report?
That's what I'm talking about.
Everything is good for you.
Wine will blow your blood pressure.
It cleans out your arteries.
It cleans out your...
Correct.
Everything gets stressed out.
It gets stressed out.
It depends on where you put the cork, I guess.
Mm-hmm.
It gets you late.
Chocolate is a natural food product, so the idea that this plant-based product contains good nutrients.
It shouldn't be surprising.
It says Carl L. Kean.
He's peachy-kean.
He's the chairman of the Department of Nutrition at the University of California, Davis.
Chocolate and cocoa are made with beans from the cocoa plant, which grows in South America,
African and Asian rainforests.
Although high fat chocolate has a bad rap today.
In previous centuries, chocolate was due as magical and medicinal.
Oh, it's been in the previous centuries.
You see the three wise men were ladies after all.
Do you see that?
Yeah, I thought that report.
Maybe.
They were ladies.
In fact, when they got to the manger, one of them said,
how are you doing with the ladies?
And Joseph said, must be pretty good.
I got her pregnant without even touching the bitch.
I mean, that's bad.
See, was that bad?
I got the bitch pregnant.
Yeah, not bad.
I don't think he did.
I think it was frigging more than a freeman.
When consumed in modest amounts, chocolate and cocoa don't raise cholesterol levels,
studies demonstrate that cocoa flavonoids help prevent blood clots.
And that chocolate acts as an antioxidant, it means it protects cells from damage.
Wow, this antioxidant activity may reduce risk of certain cancers.
It's so good for you.
You just wait to see what I'm getting when I get off the air today.
I'm in the local office.
This is 560.
The radio's all yours now.
Thank you, Ian.
Um, at 560, WQM.
Tonight on Comedy Central, it's the hilarious Comedy Sphilings of Joe Lieberman.
There's an old saying that behind every successful man, there's a surprised mother-in-law.
Thank you.
Can you believe it?
The wacky Joe Lieberman.
Tonight on Comedy Central, the best way to feed the birds is to give more oats to the horse.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Brother, this guy stinks.
Thank you.
You getting hot, aren't I?
Yeah, hot as last year's Hullava.
146 at 560, WQM.
Here's Pete says, how could W have the pastime from a position that had no pay to it?
The section he was so-called in was being dismantled at the time.
Well, Pete, what can I tell you?
It's pick and peat.
If they don't got it, they just make it up.
And, Ivan says, if the FCC is complaining about nudity on the air, they should look not too far for the Virginia flag,
where there's a lady with her breast showing that he did fact say picture that you can't see it.
What is next putting a bra on the flag?
And of course, the answer Ivan is.
John Asgroff is probably working on it right now.
Get the needle in thread ready.
You bet. He's just like Betsy Ross.
Ever see him in the together?
Same person.
560, 560, 05, 560 on an AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Most depressing movie you ever saw.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Rodney.
Hey, there.
I'd like to talk about the adjacent to William's party.
Yeah, okay.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Question to Neil Fish.
A couple for your list, Neil.
Love story.
We got it.
And Blade Runner.
Blade Runner, okay.
Thanks.
Blade Runner, really depressing.
Okay.
And then the sequel, gay Blade Runner, was really bad.
The whole band in Boston.
Let's see.
Here's one.
Mike from Davies says, all mine to give.
Very depressing.
It was circa 1950, starring Glenis John, sitting at the turn of the century,
backwards of Minnesota.
Both parents die, leave six children in the oldest is 12 years old.
He goes door to door and gives away his brothers and sisters.
How much?
That sounds like a mighty Python bitch, isn't it?
The Catholics.
All mine to give.
You got it?
Got it.
All right.
Let's talk about that adjacent William's thing.
Oh, no.
Well, I think it's a racial thing, don't you?
I wonder what color the dog was.
That's the rot wiler.
WQM, hello.
Greetings.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got one depressing movie for you called 1984.
Yeah, we're living it right now.
You got it, brother.
And we don't do something about it in November 2nd.
We're all gone.
All right.
Good luck to you, pal.
And us too, see you.
Got it.
George Orwell was ahead of his time, just like Patty Chiamsky.
WQM, hello.
I got a depressing movie for you.
Yes, sir.
How about that guy that was retarded and they gave him an operation or something?
Charlie.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Charlie was a great movie.
Very depressing though, morbid.
Yeah, that's top of my list.
Okay, thanks, pal.
All right.
It's enough to make you want to blow Jason Williams brain's up.
And that?
Yeah.
Now, who the hell was in that?
Don't tell me.
Okay.
I can see him.
You can see him leaping off of a tall building or door dreams.
No.
Steve Reeves.
No.
Not a building, but a nine-ohut is.
I can't just don't always name.
If you're driving along a road and car falls off a...
Cliff.
Yes.
Robertson.
See, I knew I'd get it.
5, 6, 7.
No, he's one of those people I have a name block.
I just have a brain fart there.
No, I understand I got that one.
I see him.
And I just don't know what his name is.
I mean, I know him.
Right.
Or you must have been a...
Yesterday.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
How about Splendor and the ass?
Splendor and the ass sounds excellent.
That was this morning.
In fact, I think I was misfudwrote that when Splendor and the ass...
Splendor and the grass, let's go.
Was that depressing?
I don't know.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8.
Did you see that?
That's an old movie.
Sure it is.
Splendor and your ass?
Splendor and the...
Cindy Portier.
Cindy Portier, as you was great.
And her brother.
And also a freaking Morgan Freeman.
No, don't pretend that that was the funny line.
I thought you were laughing at that.
Oh, Jesus, he started to sound like a bird now.
No, but this is no.
It was a lot better than Splendor.
How the hell would anybody know that unless they saw that piece of crap?
It was on line 9.
It was on line 9.
So just, you know, consider the source.
Just calm down a little bit.
Smoke a little bit more that good crap.
WQM, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, a few hours ago about Charles Manson, Wacky's not executed.
Not penalty.
You get back in the late 70s to California Supreme Court, commuted all of the...
That's right.
This guy's right.
Yes, sir.
I'm like, sir, I'm sorry, I'm all this guy's off.
Oh, that's right.
You're absolutely correct.
Yeah, so...
What an disgrace.
You're going to be around forever, I guess.
Oh, brother.
Yeah, moving nomination.
Yes, sir.
Chinatown.
Chinatown because of the way that it ended.
I mean, the bad guy, Noah, whatever, the old man got the young girl at the end when they
shot the deno-waste character.
Always depressing when the old man gets the girl in the end.
You got it.
Thank you so much.
I'm going to have a great day.
And then depressing, especially for the angry guy, I should get a really parked off about
that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Don't forget our hot couples contest.
You got till Friday at 2 o'clock to email your pictures to contestatneorarchers.com.
We got about 10 or 11 right now.
They're about.
Something like that.
And we can handle as many as you want, but time is running out.
I just mentioned that in passing.
If you want one of those trips or just like exhibit yourself to the rest of the world so they
can look at you and say, hey, they look pretty good or they can lie faster or whatever they
want to do.
Probably WQA.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What about I got to move?
I got a scar face and ghost.
Scarface.
Scarface was depressing?
The feel good movie.
Yeah.
Pretty depressing.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Also George is a queer bag.
Yeah.
You're a people man.
That wasn't my people.
Yeah, it was one of your people.
You're a crazy guy.
No, it was not.
One of your people.
All right.
It's one of that little circles you're a crag.
You know, you talk about me and Reverend Jones, which I'm finally onto his ass, but I mean,
you and I little circles are a crag.
You're just in such an aisle man.
No, they're in love with me.
I understand that, but that was the, I'm, he was about to bust out with it.
I understand that, but he's one of your people.
He's part of that circle.
He's part of that circle circle.
Right.
The city in Sweetwater right now.
In fact, they're probably at 2.15.
They're going to have a meeting in Highlywood.
Yeah.
J.C.
Panagia, Westland.
Squirt, Squirt.
Yeah.
Gonna be drilling some extra glory holes today.
In fact, some of them are like way up in here.
You gotta stand on the, you gotta stand on the, on the bowl to reach it.
1.52 at 5.60 QAM.
We're supporting you on 5.60.
QAM.
You're going back to Canada, you two bastard.
I'm just standing in the back.
I'm not you born with any oil.
Okay.
Okay.
We're through.
We're just standing in the back.
We're through.
As you both enjoy the show.
It's changing when it's in the back.
We're glory, oh.
All right.
I want to give you a kiss.
Okay.
I have my toe open.
It's engaged by time runs low.
And I'll stand here still again.
The glory hole.
I hope it's nobody I know.
As I turn my head to bed or see.
I hope you know the bros you see.
But when the gill and even feel the heat.
I have a hell of a nose.
I'm just rocking in the bottom.
Little morning, morning, morning, home.
Long 58 at 5.60 WDQM.
Hey, well, anybody be at Westland about 6 o'clock tonight?
Check out the new holes in there.
DC pennies in the old tea room.
Anyway, here's what we got.
I don't think I have time to read all of these, you know.
Better hurry.
Better hurry.
What was the most depressing movie ever made?
Good list.
How many we got?
30,000.
Requiem for Dream 68.
Can't touch him.
Brian song 41.
And keep in mind depressing doesn't mean bad.
Right.
Like that deep impact.
Brian song 41.
Midnight Express 40.
Terms of Endurement 38.
I thought Gloria Leonard was in that deep impact.
Philadelphia 34.
Sophie's choice 25.
Midnight cowboy 23.
Saving Ryan's privates 19.
All the other 16.
American S3X 15.
Looking for Mr. Goodwin's 15.
Magnolia 14.
You will love it.
And don't pay any attention to George.
Leaving Las Vegas 13.
The thing is changing and getting I hate it.
Like I said, 14.
Casualties of War 13.
Deliverance 12.
Ordinary people 12.
El Norte 9.
Voli for column by 9.
Pay it forward 9.
Monsters balls 8.
And also 8.
And that's it.
Down from there.
Okay.
Not going to be all the single digits once.
We'll be here all midnight.
Right.
And we don't want to do that because we got to make way for the Willie.
Willie, will you show a comment up next?
QAM.
How is that Jason William's trial coming by the way?
I just mentioned that in passing.
The Grandmond William.
Chris with the heat.
And one thing I want to find out tomorrow.
Before 2 o'clock tomorrow is why he didn't get hurt with that damn dog incident.
Shut up.
I'm sure we'll find out on the sports segments here on QAM.
Bye bye bye.
I'm the Roger Show.
I'm Climbson.
QAM.
Miami for La Hanna.
Well, get off this incident.
Up here.
That was f***ing great.
