For his dog and Dave wants that, his dog is counted.
Hey!
Stent your cow, but it will cover his performance by the dog.
Absolutely.
Oh my God!
We got him!
Stop!
The wreck of Miami has the dolphins.
They're the worst football team.
They're a state football from Goldigo.
Like no one's ever seen you turn around the ground.
That's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet-fold is there.
Miami, dolphin, Miami, dolphin.
Miami, dolphin, number 11, how many teams do we need?
I'm not going to miss.
Miami, dolphin, Miami, dolphin.
Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block the coast.
Their coaches ought to tell them to put the day in their shots.
But then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
Then we go to the stadium and we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami, dolphin, Miami, dolphin's number 11, how many teams in the world do we need?
Miami, dolphin, Miami, dolphin.
That seemed that hasn't got a clue.
What's the only Miami has the dolphins?
But the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000.
They're sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is mow and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got the piece of them rich and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami, dolphin, Miami, dolphin's number, how many teams in the world do we need?
Miami, dolphin, Miami, dolphin.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have faith feed their quarterfacts at you.
Run down the field and he will pull a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was certain size and there the Miami Dolphins.
Miami, dolphins, Miami, dolphins number, how many teams in the world do we need?
Miami, dolphin, Miami, dolphin's.
Take all his signals in he room.
The dolphins have no deep fence and their often says it jokes.
Like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke you.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than fireworks on high zingas of leaf-facing there.
But Miami, dolphins, Miami, dolphins, Miami, dolphins number, how many, what the hell, 32?
Miami, dolphins, Miami, dolphins, Miami, dolphins, now they're through.
Hey, stop.
Absolutely, but hey listen, you oughta be getting used to it by now.
What I tell ya, you have little faith.
I told you they could pull off.
Now how many people arrived at that game yesterday?
About 30,000.
Josh says 20,000.
I mean, yeah, I mean, I was watching it on TV and it was just empty.
You were watching it on TV?
Yeah.
How come you weren't there?
Well, I didn't have to go there to see that.
In other words, why should you be the one?
Right.
Josh, so there were about 20,000 people there.
What a front-running foamy time.
Just because you got a crappy team, Patriots want to get by the way.
Pick some smelly ass right there in San Luis against the Rams.
What was this, 42 to 20?
Something like that, 40 to 22?
Whatever it was, 40 to 22, I believe.
How about that uninvented theory?
He was kicking it, he was throwing it, he was yanking it, he was incredible.
Anyway, that's the way it goes.
The Patriots are 7-1, the dolphins are 1-8.
Oh my God.
Nobody got fired yet.
I can't believe this.
Nobody got fired yet.
At least that I know of.
Of course, being our sports station, I'm sure we're right on top of it.
No, we're doing one break this hour, this half hour.
Let's go into two.
Two?
Yeah.
Oh, let's do one right now.
How the hell are we going to do that?
We got 13 minutes before 11, we got 8 minutes of spots.
All right.
Well, let's drag out the live spot.
Okay, let's do about a three minute job here.
All right.
Give our customers more for their money.
Now it's only 12 minutes before we got like 8 minutes of spots.
In fact, if I play my cards right and stall around for a little bit,
hey, you have guests coming for the holidays,
are you wondering what to do with that dirty old carpeting in your home?
Well, now is the time that you rid of that carpet,
replace it with laminate or hardwood flooring from laminate designs.
That's right, Pissot Laminate Design.
Sure, room, they'll find them in 8280, state road 84 in daily,
and choose from over 300 samples on display.
Laminate designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed
in just about a week.
Call 1-8778 Laminate to set up a free no obligation in a home estimate.
Laminate designs carry all the well-known lines,
including Wilson Art, Quick Step and Pergo.
If you call today, they'll set up an appointment for your free estimate,
telling me what the WQM can discount for an additional 10% off
they're already unbeatable, low installation price.
Laminate designs, they're in David Gerstoff, I, 595,
between Pine Island Road University Drive,
and the showroom is open Monday through Saturday from 9am to 4am
Saturday afternoon, and on Sunday from 10am to 2am.
Call them at 1-8778 Laminate LAMI N-A-T-E
that's 1-8778 Laminate for Laminate designs.
The flooring company where service comes first.
The Riders of Mornings in the day.
And, for some 11 o'clock, we're fighting.
We are.
The Riders of Mornings in the day.
The Riders of Mornings in the day.
The Riders of Mornings in the day.
The Riders of Mornings in the day.
The Riders of Mornings in the day.
The Riders of Mornings in the day.
When Bill O'Reilly dials in.
Sure he is in square and fancy.
He'll tell you if you like your job.
Then you'll give him a laugh dance.
And if you tell the Riders of Mornings.
You're not looking to be kissed.
He'll do the pants right off you.
And for you an extortionist.
All the factors there in balance.
But not when he calls at night.
He's looking for a lassie.
Who likes it a little to the right.
Welcome.
When Bill O'Reilly's morning.
Sure he is in the nose, spin, zone.
So when Bill O'Reilly dials in.
You best not pick up your phone.
10.54 men.
It's almost time for that last break.
And then we can get in luck the 11 o'clock to the real show.
Okay, there's just a little foreplay for those who have been away for a while.
Or those who departed.
Whatever the deal was.
Okay, well we don't start official to the 11 o'clock.
This is just a little foreplay.
All the break.
You are all in the warm up.
Huh?
All the break all the time.
And I hope George is off today.
He's taking his vacation piecemeal kind of.
I don't know whether George or Vulca Brian was the one because there was no note in it.
It could have been either one.
It's something a nice birthday gift.
At least they thought it was.
Although I have absolutely no use for it.
But I mean, what?
I don't want to sound ungrateful, which I'm not.
But why waste 90 bucks on a set of 10 DVDs, the Prisoner Patrick McGoon.
I've seen them all.
How many times have I seen each one?
About 30, man.
And it's a beautifully packaged, you know.
It's a nice package.
And what am I going to do with it?
It's a topic.
Seriously, what am I going to do with that?
Am I going to watch those again?
The Prisoner Patrick McGoon.
It's a great series.
It's a classic, a cult classic 17 episodes on 10 DVDs.
It's all right there.
Am I going to watch them?
Did I want this?
Did I want anybody to spend any money on my birthday?
Did I say, please, don't do that again with these birthday gifts already enough for the spending wasting money?
Or you can't, you can't, you can't reach these people.
But I appreciate it very much, don't I?
Oh yeah.
And it cost me $21.54 Canadian Adu for the postage down there.
What a pain in the ass that was.
$21.54, I could have bought 10 lottery tickets for the $649.00 one a few million.
But no.
You're just an ungrateful old, miserable bastard is what you are.
That's right, why don't you deserve a birthday present?
See, you see what I'm saying?
You're talking about miserable old, cramuginy, a piece of crap bag.
I don't deserve any birthday present.
Please, crack or please save your money.
Okay, we'll start the show with Love and a Clug.
I'm going to give you a little rushes.
It's commutively on 5.60 AM.
Play like men and they look like women.
Philly Bob Jordan brings back his most beloved character for another film about America's
most beloved story, Fighting Night Car.
I reckon on 4th down you walk the front.
It's Philly Bob Jordan as Carl from Slingley, coaching high school football.
I call it a tail back.
No folks go to half back.
I call it a tail back.
Fighting Night Car.
We'll make a quarterback sneak into your heart.
I rank a rule book.
I study known it quite a bit.
It says a man ought not to block another man from bad.
I don't know if he can all return.
And don't miss Coach Charles.
This is for rational half time, kept talk.
Even if you more than with your terrible football game,
we're all going to go off for bishgames and musters.
I like bishgames and musters.
Fighting Night Car.
Great, it's PG's they seem.
I reckon so young and under the age of 13,
after she didn't move we would out there and mom me or bed it.
I'll tell you right now I think we just discovered my accident
and what's wrong with America man, why most of America
the blue states at least the population.
Blue states want to join Canada, the United States of Canada.
Biscuits.
Biscuits and gravy man that'll rot in your brain.
I just don't want to be.
People have no orthone eaten no biscuits.
Only the people in the red states eat biscuits.
Do you ever eat biscuits?
No, that's a southern thing.
It's like grits and schmitz and oh god.
Biscuits.
Oh fat, even the glam safe fat up north.
I'm sick, do you eat biscuits?
No, have you ever had them?
Yes.
It's like eating powdered.
It would be like eating a croissant that's just doused in white flour.
Of course not that good.
Croissants are good, I'm talking about anyone that was doused in white flour.
Not in powdered like sugar powder which would be great,
but I'm trying to like just white flour.
Biscuits, starchy, scratchy, tasteless.
Biscuits and gravy and chitlins and southern down home all I crap man,
rot your brain.
Anyway, it's a little bit old too, welcome.
It's a Monday, we got the Mad Dog at 2, we got the Humphurid 4,
we got Geltie at Smokey Bones and Bokeh at 7,
we're talking about the hockey season that's coming up.
No hockey season Geltie.
You're the man that killed a Panther single handedly and then the 80K at 10.
That's our lineup today.
It looks pretty pristine.
Things that just roll them along, waiting for the other shoes to drop.
Speaking of other shoes to drop, when the dolphins are going to fire one set already.
I was just going to wait, you know.
I mean, wouldn't it at least make it look like they're trying something?
I know it's hopeless, they only got seven games left.
Do you realize how bad that is that if they won every remaining game
which they've got no chance of doing it, they still only be 500?
That's what you call a lost season little boys and girls.
That's pathetic.
500 would be a miracle, but that got no chance.
No chance of that.
In fact, their best chances are already gone.
Their best chances to win a game since the 90s, they wouldn't let one know.
Arizona yesterday? No.
And who won other little girls team they lose to?
There was one other one.
Cleveland, wasn't it? No.
Who did they play that was a really weak sister in their last two?
Was it the Bills?
Well, they lost it.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Any game that they played where you thought,
well, this is the week that this is the one they're going to win.
Of course, then they up to one know that one game against the Rams
who would like to slept for about five minutes and four days
and didn't miss the bus.
And people are saying, oh yeah, that's it.
We're going to turn it around.
Yeah, you're going to turn it around, all right?
Beckham.
Bad news from Iraq already.
Oh, there is an alloy guy.
Get ready to kill a bunch of them, evil doers.
Baby, it's the God, people, the God squat against the evil doers.
That's what it's all about.
Let's kill a bunch of innocent people.
Here's a report from MSNBC, near Fallujah, Iraq,
with warplanes pounding the city.
US troops spotted their way.
The western escorts of Fallujah today,
seizing two bridges over the Euphrates River
and helping Iraqi soldiers take the city's main hospital
in the first stage of a major assault on the insurgent stronghold.
Let's get them evil doers.
The US military reported its first casualties of the offensive.
Two Marines killed when their bulldozer flipped over
into the Euphrates River.
Some 10 to 15,000 troops of ass majority American
log with 700 Iraqis are taking part.
A military spokesman estimated that 42 insurgents were killed
across Fallujah in the opening of the attacks.
Doctors in Fallujah early reported 10 Iraqis were killed,
loved others injured overnight, and the bloodbath has only just begun.
Trust me when I tell you, it's only just begun.
There are going to be lots and lots of dead people,
that Americans, that bridge, that evil doers,
that innocent people, the spy standards, that collateral damage,
lots of dead people, because we've become the real evil doers.
The world where mass murderers were butchers is what we are.
Four more years.
And the election was fixed.
I just want to point that out to you right now.
We'll get into many of those stories a little bit.
How many of those stories we got?
There's a blue button.
Thirty men.
When I was looking for an elephant, we got the OJ story.
Are you familiar with this?
I'm not.
The inquire world exclusive, OJ Busted.
You're going to love that story.
We got the Michael Jackson latest.
He's got more tourists than you ever dreamed of.
Man, he's got big problems.
The Bachelors Byron Velvet.
Graphic, photographic photos featuring the Bachelors turned up on the internet.
And producers fear the scandal could destroy the show's image with viewers.
The producers, oh look at this picture here in the inquire.
They got her boobies blacked out before.
It's not by much.
In fact, there's an upper booby right there.
Gwen.
The producers know these portal pictures of Byron and his former girlfriend,
stripper Gwen Rogers, or outfits, my sister.
And they've been cringey with the thought that their bachelor maybe revealed
as having a very sleazy side to him and inside her totally inquire.
Oh, right.
I would think that probably a viewership of one.
30, 40%.
Yeah, that's what the public wants.
Don't buy to this board again, bullcrap.
Don't believe any of that garbage.
The public wants sleaze.
Let's ask Bill O'Reilly, he'll tell you.
What do you fax me and then don't be faxing George's out today,
so he would be pissed off anyway.
But my girl's not going to put up with your seven page long faxes.
No.
Bob and Miami Lakeshaws got a very, very small font and types very tiny too.
I think everybody should just relax.
Everything's going to be okay.
Oh, we're fine.
Don't listen to the faxious spin of sister.
The more I have time to think about it, the more election round.
Oh, yes.
You're an example, baby.
There's too many innocent people are going to die.
Just like 60 for anybody.
Remember, Vietnam?
Yeah.
It is like 64.
Only 64 was a landslide.
This was not.
And those people would say it's a man day.
It's a landslide, even with a fixed being.
And just keep in mind, if you switch over 70,000 votes, 70,000 votes in Ohio.
In fact, if you give Kerry probably about 200,000, that's got taken away.
But if you switch over 70,000 votes, Kerry wins the election.
He only lost by 30 electoral votes.
If Kerry wins Ohio, he gets 272 and Bush gets 262.
Kerry wins Bush loses.
So that's a landslide.
That's a mandate.
And then of course the same people who were poo-pooing the popular vote for years ago,
and I was saying, oh, yeah, but he won by 3.5 million votes in the popular vote.
They think India, what does that mean?
The gigantic margins were in those red states.
Remember that the slogan 3.5 million rednecks must be wrong?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
They were wrong.
Who the hell cares about those people in Texas and Oklahoma and Nebraska?
And those places in Montana, those mudwumps, those people were like one eye in the middle
of their forehead or cyclopsies.
Who cares about them?
And by the way, you people that think you're going to all march up here to Canada.
They say, hey, nice knowing you A, but just slow down.
Just slow down a little bit.
You're going to have to wait your turn online.
Here's another fact that says, remember when you used to fight back-to-back recording
at this for extended blocks at a time?
Why didn't you do that each morning after how it shoots 11 a.m.?
That way people know if they don't.
They can tune in to 11 o'clock.
They wouldn't miss a single word of your genius.
Those that do tune in before, they don't be hard entertainin' me.
I don't want to face comedy.
If it's a cop-out, remember those, what day did we do it?
2-0 Wednesday.
Yeah, Wednesday.
We used to do the whole one to 2-hour.
It shows what kind of management we got.
Much more on it.
It was a cop-out.
Because four hours was too long.
And now that we got stern on here, going to like 10-41 this morning.
Thank you, Holly.
Even though I have no idea what their show is all about because I don't listen.
I'm not interested in lesbians.
Okay?
I just don't care about that.
We are.
Well, you are, and that's it.
But you don't listen to the stern show?
No, I'm in here.
Wow.
Oh, I speak to people out in the morning.
I don't want to like rat on Nepal again.
But we have a spy report from a squeaky Tommy, who's one of our very favorite people.
Squeaky Tommy in production says that Katherine Oval did a bit called sofa.
King.
No, sorry, I left that long ridge in there between.
Yes.
Very original, Polly.
And even when he farts, it smells like somebody else's probably old Ron.
Everything that he does is just a rip off.
You've got to be stiller than the last year's MOTS a man.
You're pathetic, Katherine Oval.
You are weak, weak.
Well, you have very good, I'm sure you're interested in hearing that bit too because if it's
so what I think it might be, wouldn't surprise me that we like to complain to the FCC as clear channels
ended again.
Did you learn their lesson with all those finds when they paid them off?
I didn't learn your lesson when he had to get stern off of here.
No.
Continuing putting a bunch of pornographic filth on here.
That's you, Katherine Oval.
Pollymouth.
Loser.
Old Toad.
Speaking of Old Toad, Howard Keel is dead.
Here's our celebrity death of the day.
Haven't had one of these in a while.
Remember Howard Keel?
Of course you know it.
He killed over and died.
He was 85.
He was in Dallas.
He didn't want to stay in Dallas.
For union show that's right.
Well, how do you like that?
I forgot about that.
That's right because I somehow missed that because I never watched the show anyway.
Now let's see.
JRU and Noah's name.
What's his name?
From Jean Hager and the Jeannie.
That's Larry Hagman.
It's been dying for like two years now.
Every time the table has come out, there's another picture.
He's like five minutes away and he needs a new liver.
He ought to go on the Oprah show because everybody on the Oprah show gets a new liver.
Anyway, Keel died Sunday morning at his home in Palm Springs, California.
Probably died because you don't want to see that Dallas reunion show.
He started Rajas and Harris' new musicals in the New York stage before we tune the movies after WW2.
His hits included Kiss Me, Kate, Annie Get Your Gun, and Seven Brides for Seven Brothers.
His career was in 1981 when he joined the cast at Dallas.
How come they left out showboat?
That's the one that I remember.
He was in showboat.
Howard Keel.
He had a big booming voice, big real masculine manly guy.
The kind of guy that Pat Robertson and George Bush and James Dobson respect a lot.
He was a manly man.
Howard Keel.
That old man.
He was one of those guys.
Anyway, here's the poll from over Friday.
Wasn't really a poll.
We did the poll in the first part of the show on Friday about how come so many Americans are religious.
Little bit like that.
Much out.
Stupidity.
What one by a million miles.
In fact, that's the problem with America's stupidity ignorance superstition.
Just plain dumb, dumb folks in a red state.
South of the earth some dumb folks in the blue states.
By the way, the election was fixed.
Did I mention that?
He did.
Well, I also want to mention the very sad story.
Kato is dead.
Do you know that?
No.
You know, Kato?
No, I don't.
So I just mentioned the OJ story.
Kato Kato?
No.
Come on.
Nicole's beloved dog, Kato dies in a sleigh.
The name was named after Kato Kato.
The other end, and the bad part of it is, now we'll never know the truth because he was the eyewitness to the double murder.
Probably OJ done it.
He probably killed the dog.
The only eyewitness to the murders in the court.
Wait till we get to the OJ busted story.
It's any enquire or roller-exclusive you're going to love it.
They busted his ugly ass.
I love it.
Anything bad that happens to you, OJ.
We love it here at QA.
I'm in sped up before us those two or three butt liquors you got there.
Still kissing your ass like the water Nazi.
We love OJ.
See what happens to the other OJ liquor you won't see her no more, okay?
Better tow the lines, sweetheart.
The only eyewitness to the murders of Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman is dead.
Kato, Nicole's 11-year-old, a Kedid dog named after houseguest Kato Kielin, passed away October 21.
She took him long enough to get the news out.
Kedo died of old age.
Nicole's sister, Nistole, the enquire, an exclusive interview from her parents.
They had to point California home with the dog, live for the past 10 years.
He was part of our family but my mother Judith, Judith, was especially close to Kedo.
It sounds crazy but we all felt that Nicole was nearby whenever Kedo was around.
Are they saying Nicole was a dog?
Is that what they're trying to say?
Yeah, they say.
No, she was not a dog.
She was a mornin.
Huh?
If you looked alright.
She was okay.
She was a little wild.
By the time you saw her, she was a little worn looking, you know.
After the first 400 beatings, the morning he died, Denise woke up and walked in the kitchen.
Usually Kedo would jump up in Wagon's tail.
Well, this time he didn't.
She walked over to where the dog slept and realized the beloved pooch was gone.
He was dead.
My mother's devastated we all are.
She said Kedo was our connection with Nicole.
Well, that's very sad.
In fact, we'd rather have OJ die any day than the dog, huh?
It's all right.
Any day of the week we'd rather have OJ die a wicked, painful death.
I mean, like, like fall gets thrown onto the wheels of a semi.
Like, just get crushed over and that would be too fast and, you know, too quick.
So I'm over there.
So I'm over there.
Yeah, that's right.
Right.
Right over to Ford Bronco with AJ, if it will be good.
Just an accident.
We hate you, OJ.
Okay, I wouldn't be surprised if there are people out to get you to.
I don't know.
It would be a shame, but I wouldn't be surprised if there's people out to get that double murderer.
We'll get to the pool.
Well, again, it was a survey.
It was a religion survey from Friday and over the weekend.
But we got a lot of spots today, which is good.
1113 at QAM.
The state lost papiates kicked the Rams ass in San Luis.
The bills beat the Jets.
Can you believe that?
Yeah.
Go, Bill.
That was shocking.
I'm sure that a lot of papiates fans are real pleased to see that, including something I know, like me.
2583 people checked in on our pool and I waited till the Catholics told them to believe, you know.
See over the centuries Catholics have had a way of doing that because they generally tend to make people laugh or they can't refuse.
What religion are you a member of?
Not when you were born and do, but what do you believe?
You know, and basically we got Catholics, which is I'm sure the heavy spick can continue to be got out there.
Who else would that be?
Huh?
Two Irish Catholics?
Yeah, what a supposed to be me.
You?
Yeah, that's me.
You were born, but you don't believe in that crap?
Yeah.
Now you weren't an alter-boy, were you?
No.
No?
Yeah.
Oh, they would have liked you.
They even were very popular, but I'm sure it was Father Tool.
What?
Well, what a shouldn't put them within do.
Well, that was a good move.
Anyway, what religion are you a- what- what fantasy are you involved in?
Catholic 643 and not like 637.
Eighthiest 500.
Holy moly!
You seconder humanist bastard you.
You're all going to rot in hell!
James Thompson is going to tell you that.
He's going to make you all burn in hell because he's a good Christian man who hates everybody.
Yep.
Reform Jew 207.
Oi!
Conservative Jew 85.
See, the Reform Jews, in other words, the ones that don't even own a beanie much less wear one.
Conservative Jew is 85.
They're the ones that code on high holidays, but the Reform Jews are just like they eat a little deli once in a while.
They make some Jewish.
So, that's the 76.
I didn't leave off Hindu.
I have publicized for that.
I put sick on there, and I don't know.
You guys wouldn't know the difference between a sick and a Hindu with you.
Yeah.
How about a sick Hindu?
But I'm not- I'm not in that Indian religion.
I don't- very little about that.
And I've George working today.
We'll ask him tomorrow.
He's the expert on furry tails.
Something back to 76.
Presbyterian 73.
Lutheran 55.
How's Martin Luther?
Methodist.
Is he a guy in the-
Clark and-
What about a little bit of a small villain?
I haven't watched that in a long time.
Anybody watching that?
No.
Yeah, that's great.
Are you?
Yeah.
No.
It's gotten much steamier, lately.
Oh, well, maybe I'll start watching again.
Lutheran 55.
Methodist 54.
Buddhist 42.
Rub-bood on the heed.
Wikens 37.
Which one of those is- is- is your favorite?
Episcopal 35.
Shinto, we got-
Bop-bood man.
I don't need a shinto, people.
Quakers 25.
I- I don't even know what that is.
All I know is that Nixon was a quaker.
Look what happened to him.
What are Quakers?
I know they eat oats.
Exactly.
In the killer oats.
Muslim's 20.
Uh-oh, look out.
Christian scientist 15.
Orthodox Jew 15.
Oh, I can't-
This is like a little snapshot.
This is only like the-
This is the only sentence of the audience.
This is good.
This is a nice short show.
So I can go to lunch and two o'clock.
Or maybe a little sooner.
Maybe Josh and Miguel will do the rest of the show starting at noon.
We'll play that this like I was talking about.
Yeah, you just play back-to-back this, okay?
Kibbles and this.
And he ever heard who looks really nasty in that picture you put on there, Josh.
You like that picture?
You know, she's- she's a little pasty, but she's fine.
She's not a little- she's wearing a little pasty or ought to be anyone at-
Very man.
She is really-
See, pasty didn't do it for me.
No matter what we're talking about.
Now let me take a little-
Well, first of all, she's a redhead, right?
Right.
Well, right off the bat, she's got 40-
It's all the way to nose that real red.
Take a look at the roots.
Yeah, it looks real to me.
Yeah.
It's real.
Now, she's- her face looks, uh, okay.
There she looks a little demon.
She looks like a little like-
Like Lisa Marie Pressley.
Doesn't she?
No.
The features of her face, you're crazy.
A little bit less uh, flushy.
But she looks a little bit like Lisa Marie.
You're crazy.
And then she's got her hand on her left booby.
But the right booby is-
I don't know, that's kind of a saggy booby to me.
Pasty.
Maybe in fact, Mary, she-
Maybe she's worried about Pasty, which is why she's carried up.
She has a lovely navel and any.
But, uh, in that course, we don't see below that.
Angie Everhart, there she is.
Now, who the hell is that?
Well, you ought to know by now.
September, 1969, she was born in which she had 35.
In Ecuador, Ohio.
I wonder how many votes they stole in her precinct.
Now, it says she's never posed new to how much she made her grandmother.
But, uh, the rest of her bio was on to say that she was, uh, what was the movie she was in?
Was she a paired nude?
Um, I know that she was in Bordeaux of blood.
Nah, that's not the one.
Oh, she was, uh, well, I didn't put that part of it out.
I never put- because I can go on for hours about these frauds.
Uh, but she did appear nude in some flick.
I don't know.
Anyway, Cloud9 is in post-production right now.
It's coming out next year.
Uh, her other work, Hollywood's Mom's Mystery, The Cradle Will Fall.
How about the hand that rocked the cradle?
That was a great movie.
Did you like that movie?
That was a good movie.
And have you ever seen what that was her name that played the evil, uh, Rebecca Des Mornes?
We're Rebecca Des Mornes.
Have you ever seen her and Hillary together?
That's the same person.
Now, you're not going to believe that either.
You didn't believe about Lisa Marie and, uh, in this bitch, you're not going to believe about Rebecca Des Mornes.
It looks just like Hillary Clinton.
You don't think so?
Yeah.
Stop and think about it.
It's the same person!
The same miserable, hateful bitch.
Longer a bowl, Bandido, bugs, first to die, the real deal, wicked minds, bear witness, uh, uh, heart of stone, last crash.
She dated the slice of the long for two months for a while back in 1995 or something like that.
Angie Everhart.
And then she was embarrassed by that little tiny, uh, Italian-style.
Can't talk about that though, because Joyce is getting really upset.
Joyce don't like little tiny.
She likes big and remainly.
Anyway, so the poll for today is...
Well, that's right.
Now, I apologize for continuing to be presidential things all the way.
We'll do another one tomorrow.
I would say this is the last one.
The one tomorrow has, well, I don't want to tip my hat.
I asked to do with his last election.
This fixed election again.
Oh, it's sour grapes.
Yeah, new liberals had it now.
It was fixed.
I got 150 articles here to approve it.
And of course, the Democrats, uh, roll over and play dead like they did last time.
And immediately just to totally ignore it and they're going, I want to...
Oh, look at this.
Here's breaking news.
Jane Arach is, uh, she's embedded there with US Army Union in Fallujah.
They're killing a nasty evil, there was baby.
Three more minutes.
Three more minutes.
Three more minutes.
Three more minutes.
Three more minutes.
Three more minutes.
Three more minutes.
Three more minutes.
Three more minutes.
Three more minutes.
Operation Fountain Fury.
I'm so thankful that I'm for putting that up there.
Isn't that something?
No matter what kind of insanity this administration barks on,
all these talking head networks right away have got some kind of glorious cliche.
Operation Fountain Fury.
All right.
And I'll have that, uh, they'll be on there for next two weeks or two.
Who would be the strongest candidate for either party in 2008?
I know, I realize we just finished this last base election,
but it's certainly a lot of people already thinking about that, aren't they?
Yeah.
Yes, they are.
Here's my short list so far and you can add to it.
Hillary Clinton.
She looks just like Rebecca Desmorne.
Rudy Giuliani.
Jeb Bush.
Our fat ass governor.
Tower Dean.
Barack Obama.
Or John McCain.
Isn't that a good list so far?
Yes, it is.
Who would be the strongest?
Now, regardless of who you nod or who you would vote for,
then that's not the question.
Who would be the strongest candidate for either party in 2008?
You're the same ten, new Roger.
Now, I'm gonna ask you to get here on 566-888-8.
A stench of palminor covers over this performance by the state of California.
Give me up tonight, uninsides the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music power
or a few profile stories.
They had a long, distinguished career, but our key demographic doesn't remember it.
All they have to go on is this piece of crap.
They were yes.
We've actually been playing together since 1969.
Yes, yes.
Yes, you're answering my question or are you just saying the name of the bat?
Both.
So, yes, has been playing together since 1969.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Excuse me, I'm having an embolism.
After years of playing to a small cult following, yes, as John Anderson knew there was only one way to break into the big time.
We decided to write a really horrible song.
Yes, no.
Yes.
Indeed.
The sentiment of the song struck a chord with listeners.
The only rebel only heart is, when you think of it,
it would probably be better than the owner of a broken heart, no?
Yes.
Yes.
For a band with such a positive name, they sure had a negative impact on my brain.
Make it stop, make it stop!
It's a big juicy song that we could show business tonight, uninsides the behind.
It's 1131 and 560.
Nobody can hear him.
Here's a fact that says, former Republican Senator Alan Simpson from Wyoming,
who tries to pass himself off as a moderate all the time, but of course he's from Wyoming,
which is Dick Cheney's home state, so what do you expect?
Really got into it with Bill Marr on Friday night, although he supposedly pro-choice against a constitutional amendment to band-game marriage.
All Simpson could do was lag his finger at Bill Marr and say,
keep making fun of us and you'll never win another election again.
We'll fix him all.
As Marr said, the Constitution should trump the Bible as far as running government's concerned.
It really is us against them.
Well, no, Schmidt, you're a lot.
How can we get you to the red stage?
Forget about him.
Okay, that's what you do.
Forget about the red stage.
Write him off.
We've got to get through to some of those states that aren't really red states like Ohio,
where the thing was fixed like Florida, which two years, two times in a row now.
I mean, if they could get the amendments forth through wait, where, you know,
once they got to 32,000 votes, they started counting backward and you were losing votes.
If they could do that, I think they'd do anything.
Well, we're going to have got a whole bunch of those stories.
We probably should take a couple of calls and get some more names on the list.
Here, we've got a couple of appointments.
If we have a couple of appointments to this hour before noon, you're right.
Forget this is my big book here to somebody QA and hello.
Hello, when you have the related birthdays.
Well, thank you so much.
It sounds like one of my friends.
Thank you.
I was wondering if you'd be making fun of a WQM.
WQM, hello.
QAM?
This is your bill, show now.
WQM, hello.
Hello, initial.
Yes.
Hello, I'm Tia, everybody.
Okay, sunny, beautiful. It's about 38.
Oh, a little nippy.
A little loud.
Happy, the related birthday to you.
Thank you.
I haven't listened as much as I should have been.
And why is that?
Worked a lot, pushed on a night pool the whole nine yard.
Well, you better get with it, man.
We can't afford to get all those Rush Limbaugh crowd out there.
We can't afford to be losing our, I know, got down there.
Looked at a till of the hunt.
And I also wanted to say, I'm sorry about the passing of your mom.
That's, I know you are.
Very old man, it's true.
No, I know why.
This is the eighth of the year.
I understand, but I haven't spoken you since then.
And I'm sorry.
Do I know you?
John and Lakewood.
Then you've done the fact that...
Right.
But now I'm on the road, somebody.
I'm not here for the roster.
I thought you were having to listen because you listen to Randy, not to us.
No, I listen to you, but I'll probably listen to you.
Randy, you've been here from the day before.
Are you not fooling me?
No, no, no, no.
But you do go up against the...
No, I'm not.
You do go up against the love doctors up here.
So I can't explain in between the two.
The love doctors?
Oh my God.
Yeah, they're, they're good.
They love you.
They speak very high.
We have a new undershow.
They're original material.
Okay, John, have a nice day.
Get out of here.
I thought we'd get some more names for this pool.
You know, you people out there, no wonder they won Florida, man.
You're a little, little like that.
And don't be knocking the young people.
Michael Moore's, it'll be on our website tomorrow.
He got a great piece about the young people came through.
Thank God for them.
And they did.
No, sorry.
Did you...
Huh?
Yeah, I already did this morning.
You did this in the summer today?
Yeah.
Oh, see, sometimes I send those to Eric early thinking that they'd be on for tomorrow to get ahead of myself.
And now you put them on there today and then you're gonna say,
well, how come he didn't send us a bunch of stuff for tomorrow?
That's fine.
Well, that's good.
See, Josh is right on top of it, man.
That's because he's not answering the phones like he's supposed to be.
Huh?
Just a joke.
That's a joke.
What they did, we did that on election day.
It was okay.
It was fairly painless.
He just said, don't ever make me do that again.
Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah.
Because he's not really interested in hearing from the mouth readers and they have whisperer and all of the...
Hi.
The rise-broad guy.
Hi.
Ron, crazy Ron, pro-zek Ron.
That crowd, you know?
W.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, hi for the poll.
I'm a source of anger.
Yeah, okay.
There's a good one for you.
They have to make their constant remember first thing that's gonna happen yet.
So we don't put them on it.
So we're gonna put John Edwards on there.
I'm sure somebody will say that eventually.
And put John Kerry on it again, too, even though it's a very poor choice.
But somebody would probably say that they can all work out closely in this time.
Just imagine if we could find a few more than Swiftboat veterans.
Conservative radio host apologizes over slur.
A conservative talk radio host is out.
You want to make sure you have my choices, Edna Pull?
Who's that?
Yesterday, they had a couple of interesting people.
First they had Barack.
No, first they had Carl Roll, the most evil.
Who's that article I have about Carl Roll?
What a nerd he was when he was in school with big, giant glasses.
You know, he was the class nerd.
And now he's trying to make up for it by being one of the worst evil doers in the world.
He's doing a hell of a job.
Also, Seth Skatsywon gave their blessing to St. Seth's marriage.
I realized that the United States of Canada just stayed ready.
But even a bunch of cowboy and redness and Seth Skatsywon up here on Friday approved gay marriage.
Isn't that pathetic?
Oh no, the Lord says it was Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve.
But all of a sudden it's another excuse for a hate that's all religion ever was.
That's all it ever will be.
Make it money and excuse for hate.
The Bible says this.
The Bible was written by primitive, ignorant, hateful people.
Bigots.
Women couldn't do this and we had slaves.
All of a sudden the crap.
But don't confuse us with the truth.
Because the Bible says this and anybody that starts preaching you to Bible man, get the butterfly net.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
James Thompson, Pat Robertson, all of these go in.
Get the butterfly net.
Conservative radio host apologizes over slur.
Milwaukee.
A conservative talk radio host is formally apologized for using a racial slur on the air and then joking about it for a week.
Mark Belling, never heard of you.
No.
You use the word wet back.
Wet back.
Oh my God.
Next thing you know how he stands spit on the air.
A derogatory term to describe illegal Mexican immigrants.
Now why need stick to beeners a lot more?
I don't know.
In a discrede on this October 27 show about potential voter fraud in Wisconsin,
you watch the voter turn out on the near south side of Milwaukee heavily Hispanic and compared to the voter turn out any other election you're going to see every wet back and every other non-citizen out there voting he said.
He sarcastically apologized them to your last Monday.
Then joke about this situation for days and pull listeners about whether he should have apologized.
Oh brother, talk about needing some material.
The comments sparked a protest of 300 people Friday in the walkies WIS in the studio.
This would broadcast Bullies Daily Radio Talk Show and cause one advertiser to pull ads from the show.
And his apology released over the weekend, Belly City, would try to grow and be a better person based on the lessons my terrible mistake has taught me.
Yeah.
And he blamed the era on arrogance.
It's clearly offensive and shouldn't be used in any context.
Whatever class of Hispanic immigrant you're talking about, Belly, he said he shows there for 15 years and regularly topsy ratings in Milwaukee.
There's a lot of bearded Guzzlin Nazis.
What's the scandal?
Yeah, Milwaukee.
Well Wisconsin, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he was, here he
a boxy device, that's what it says here, a boxy device, I don't think we can say that anymore with wires and tape that look like a bomb and force the evacuation of a Hollywood neighborhood last Thursday, it turned out to be a fake dammit.
And here I thought we had something really exciting going on. Hollywood could use some excitement.
That's John and Lake Worthboard calling to, I just, I don't get that. And by the way, have you heard from Jeff Cohen at the pizza lot lately? No? No.
Now, boy, so many things I could say, you just wait till my last show. Still authorities are investigating links to the Irish Republican Army and self-load of compatriots who raised money here and shipped guns to Ireland from local post offices.
I don't understand it. One connection to Geo Prism with the suspicious device under its bumper was once registered to Connor Clash in the IRA gun runner.
And Federal authorities want to know if Jim R. Panero, who now owns the car, is being targeted because of his former tie to the IR.
A, he was chairman of the Irish Northern Aid Committee self-loaded chapter. A second late Panero has had lived in contact with Clash in a few emails since Clash has released from prison body here ago.
Panero raised 100 grand for the defensive class and three others who were prosecuted in 2000 for smuggling weapons in the addition to Northern Ireland.
It was also a penny to testify before a grand jury regarding his knowledge of the men, known as the Florida Four and the smuggling plot.
Next thing you know, it will be a bushel, be smuggling more crap in. It's not clear how he can be driving the prison, but he wasn't entirely ready to admit that it had been belonged to Clash in.
It will be just my luck that through a total coincidence that Connor's car, Panero said on Thursday, if Panero took the prison with mechanic, they noticed something hanging off the rear bumper.
Hollywood police, along with the FBI, the Bureau of ATF, and I called the Hollywood, called the Hollywood Grind, examined what seemed to have been a very convincing fake.
The plastic boxes wrapped with black tape attached to the car with a putty-like material, red and yellow wires.
Yeah, pretty good fake, red and yellow wires, snake from the box to the light fuse, the car's license plate.
The sheriff's, the BSO robot, removed the box and blew it up.
Authorities including the FBI are investigating some Hollywood kept in Tony Rode. He's so john about that, I don't know what that is.
More of that good old time religion and the Catholics and the IRA and the Protestants, right?
Yeah, and they're still throwing rocks at those poor little kids. All he wanted to do is go to school.
Now, after all, brickhead, I'm straw rockhead, I'm a fat-doh, do the jazz, scare them off.
For the sins of new Roger, damn living on 566, at QAM.
Howard David's a bitch. Take off those checker pants.
No, it is white. No, you can't feel it, baby. No, it... here it is. Time is so white.
He's a monkey, uh-huh, uh-huh. You bitch, a white one, baby.
Uh-huh, uh-huh, he's a monkey. It is totally mud-reddable and Caucasian-reddable.
And they got no mud-dable. You bitch, a white one, baby.
Uh-huh, you... the white one, baby. You know who it is, why? You just got the face there.
You got so white, one day, a-huh-huh.
You got the fat, a-huh-huh. You bitch, a white one, baby.
One 46, so I interrupted myself to the reason I played that is I was...
I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I
like, I was like around 30 Underparts All about listening to shows.
He sings when Imp fry drugs, when in court it's not going to work properly, right.
Technically, he's State Parks talked about, he was State Parks talked about ways , from Tuesday to Saturday and Sunday to Saturday perhaps slightly,
Since Saturday and Sunday to Saturday have freaked out and he's being管ied out in July for three years.
like we had put in another source saying well the democrats are going to have to start
appealing to the you know to the middle America yeah right in other words you're going
to have to outgo the republicans well that's never going to happen they have to out the
financialize become more religious that's not going to happen that's madness that's not
what the country is supposed to be all about anyway Barack Obama's demand and if they can
come up with a good running rate like maybe somebody because Illinois they already got
wrapped up but can you imagine how many black folks would come out for for that would
be huge yeah and even the wet packs everybody and now who would be a good running
mate somebody from the south see that's the problem they just aren't that many contenders
somebody from the south I mean you can't have vote retreats it on here from a new Mexico
because that's the southwest which is like what about three electoral votes out there
altogether there's nothing out there for grand back in there Bobby Graham will only be 95
by 2008 he's a little shaky at this point by that time you ought to be like on the
this door love Bob Graham is great but no chance they should have done that this time they
don't want to election that's true yeah I'm telling you right now is there anybody who
disagrees they would have one floor to hands down your pants by so much they couldn't
have fixed it this time if they had Bob Graham on her it's said the very ineffectual
John Edwards who just kept reading them trite cliches and talking points from the three
by five cars he had nothing to say he brought nothing to the table I shouldn't pick on
another's wife is a press cancer but what's that got to do with it let's see Jay
Field and Dave wants to start in dumb and dumb founded for Jay and Dave airbite game is
an old brainer Jim and which says four stars all right all right that's cute it's beautiful
okay we get sound we get this on our website I wonder where that can it's just some art
that they call it to George by email but you heard he's gonna he's gonna copy George
all great you folks are gonna want to see this it's beautiful one step he's point he's point
fevers ears like Dumbled and Feather's got that big a middle kind of like kind of leases
got that bigger than a middle tooth like that kind of missing there okay sending your car
email to George that's excellent we'll get that on there one of these days well here's
a story of an love why I sure got a lot of stuff that's why I'm talking so fast because
all those turned it in at 1041 in case any of you may have missed that a National Guard
F-16 fighter plane mistakenly fired off 25 rounds of ammunition at the little egg harbor
intermediate school in South New Jersey life Wednesday night sorry there must be some evil
doers man at that school the pilot was meant to fire the rounds in three and a half miles
away at a military target range Lieutenant Colonel Roberto Nietz of New Jersey Department
of Military Veterans Affairs of reporters in the Jersey Shore Townships police headquarters
oops nobody was injured the school was out in the low custody and was inside the building
with a bullet's hit well one of those painly asses but he's okay he probably was kind of
pretty cool or anyway damage was minimal as as the not exploding 20 millimeter bullets left only
puncture marks in the school's roof and the asphalt outside the building the fighter Joe was
part of 113th wing district of Columbia Air National Guard assigned Andrew's Air Force base in
Maryland and investigation has been conducted now the pilot missed the school located on frog
pond road for a target range by the way operation phantom periods underway the flu
division battle is underway there to be a lot of dead people which is why they postponed
this till a few days after the American election because it just would have been bad PR because
it would have been a constant reminder that mission has not been accomplished that we're killing
a lot of innocent people over there who would much rather be alive than living in a democracy
and a lot of our people are going to be dead also two Marines already dead in this
at best prepared and this is this is got to do with religion and moral values is is fighting wars
against people that did nothing to us they didn't represent any threat to us this has to do with
moral values see all this is is the ultimate takeover of America by the religious nut job right
that's all it is and so when when somebody who pretends to be a moderate like former well I only
said it to Alan Simpson I didn't see it but when if he comes on it starts threatening well if
you're going to point the fingers at us you may never win another election uh what kind of
crap is that the constitution in the Bible are separate okay just ask the founding fathers okay
they'll probably speak back to this or pissed off at this point some of you people just don't get it
and that's the one thing man about these far vision agreement I've always said they won't leave
everybody else alone it's not sufficient they live in a country where they can believe in their
fairytales no that's not good enough they got to impose it all on the rest of us the red states
are going to impose it on the blue states and granted there may be a lot more red states
but guess what when the exception of Texas and one or two others nobody lives in most of the red states
they might write I mean forgetting about Ohio and Florida which had big populations and are not
really red states because we know that we know that carry uh or that's grow one Florida in 2000
hands down the rest are farms nothing to be fined they'd get out of Lima Ohio but anyway the
right star budget red mix and farmers and uh in breads and Tennessee Arkansas Mississippi Alabama
Georgia North Carolina South Carolina Montana I mean just take a look at that freaking
map it's enough to make you gag and those people are right we have nothing in common with them nothing
zero but you hypocrite's about your phony balonies or busy listen to uh watching bill or
ryan and listen to rushlin ball pop of you pills that will not just go through shipment in don't do
it as we do do as we say that's their motto phony baloney hypocrites just like that jannon Paul
crotch every single one of man I can't wait to find out Jim James Dodson's got a boyfriend I can't
wait to find that out probably miss fudge there's another one and that aunt coalfer they were
priding her around yesterday on the talking it shows talking crap talking swill and in one of the lines
she said I was puked up my breakfast about how well is the we finally discovered this is a Christian
country after it's not a Christian country you stupid dick bitch what is wrong with you honey
well it's pretty obvious outcome it is that these right-wing women none of them have a husband
they're talking about families and family values none of them have a husband when you check it
out condolese the last time I checked he don't have no husband that already those girls what about
Laura Ingraham is she married what about uh and colder I don't think she's got a husband she's got
a boyfriend miss fudge who and how are you people kid and phony baloney and I sure hope that you
fags are real happy the twenty three percent of you that voted for bush now that he says we'll
get to the article a little bit later bush the CK marriage ban in the new term oh yeah that's a
religious leaders prepared demands on the white house they're not letting any grass go under
their feet okay they're wasted no time getting in they want to turn the clear country upside
down on your head man turn it into born again America be the laughing stock in the world and of
it of course we're already the most dangerous country know what they want to make it a hundred
times more dangerous wait to hear this speaking of the operation what they call it again
anthem fury operations anthem freaking fury with us forces massing outside fallujah
thirty five marines swayed the christian rock music and as jesus christ in protect and it
will be the biggest battle since american troops invaded or backlash you and i thought mission
was already accomplished i thought it was done men with buzz cuts and credit their camouflage
weighed their hands in the air uh m sixty the soul rifles beside them and chatted heavy metal
flavored lyrics and praise of christ laid on Friday in the yellow brick chapel they counted
among thousands of troops surrounding the city of fallujah seeking solace as they awaited a
prime minister a yacht always decision on whether they're not going to be a philogen which since then
of course he said go ahead jam since he of course is our pimp you are the sovereign your name is
holy you are the pure spotless lamb a female voice crowd out in live speakers as the marines plant
their hands of clothes their eyes reflect they have one lay ahead for them jesus is all right now
man jesus got to get him and we'll bring him out gipsy and show them books what it's all about
the u.s military with many soldiers coming from the conservative american south and in west
as deep christian roots no shmit in times that fighting looms many soldiers were on their evangelical
or born again heritid still help them face the battle it's always comforting church attendance is
always up before the big push at first started miles that bird sometimes all you got is god he said
ill god between the services electric guitar religious tunes marine stepped up on a chapel small
stage and recited a verse of scripture meant to fortify them for war once book of their old testament
hero a shepherd to become isrials king manly mphilis deans three thousand years ago
thus david prevailed over the philis deans the marines said reading from scripture the marines
shouted back hurrah king david using the signature grot of approval they old back hurrah thought they
said that's what i thought they said the marines do your parallels from the first with their
presence situation where they perceive perceive themselves as warrior fighting barbaric men
opposed to all that is good in the world how do you like that barbaric men victory belongs to the
lord of the umarine red their chaplain named horn told the worshipers there were station outside
the lusia to bring your raki's freedom from oppression from rape torture and murder we asked you
god to bless us in that effort the marines then lined up in their cello oil to protect them he said
the spirit of christ protects you necrea god's people will be anointed with oil the chaplain said
he's likely dead oil on marines foreheads the spirit of christ compels you they're going kill
these evil doers go get them go kill some people it's 11.57 at 5.50 wqm it began with the original
boz wave radio in 1993 popular science called it a sonic marvel now boz is engineered into a whole
new standard introducing the brand new boz wave music system it reproduces a one half octave
lower musical notes plus even greater instrument clear and definition the sleek new design features
no buttons it's got a convenient credit card style remote and open thrills all functions including
fma m radio in a new start a slot loaded CD player or is it's not loaded a new slot loaded CD player
called boz directly at 1 800 5 6 0 48 32 to order what David Novak the gadget crisis can easily replace
whatever components system you currently have order today and the shipping is free that's correct
1 800 5 6 0 48 32 and many call be sure to ask about the new boz payment plan to let's
you make convenient monthly payments using your own major credit card with no interest from boz
a risk free trial guarantees your satisfaction you got nothing to lose you want to hear it in fact
maybe even the show was sound pretty good if you want to hear the new boz wave music system call
him full free right now it's a no risk trial 1 800 5 6 0 48 32
you know SNEDE
Oh, right.
Jesus is doing all right.
All right.
Jesus is doing all right.
No one is in straight and hard.
No one is in constant.
No one cares God is the star.
Jesus is doing all right.
Oh, yeah.
Jesus is doing all right.
Jesus is doing all right And on his screen.
Jesus is doing all right, on his screen.
Jesus maybe a sea will heal already.
Jesus is doing all right.
Jesus is doing all right.
God is one that's critically.
No one is in one that's critically.
Oh, right.
A couple of two or five sixty WM happy Monday to a mad dog at two o'clock who's not going
to be saying, oh, right.
He's going to be like, oh boy, suicide law would think, wouldn't you?
If he chose public, he doesn't matter.
I mean, he had victory within their grasp yesterday.
That's what I'm hearing.
I didn't watch any of the football.
I was busy winning money.
It would buy.
But they had victory within their grasp and then they blew it.
And Josh and Tommy were going to show today that AJ Touchy Feetey threw a pass for an
intersection round back for a touchdown.
Yes.
That can't be right, can it?
Not that AJ Touchy Feetey, who's the era parent.
And then Jay Feetey injured his pinky again before the game was over, so he didn't finish
again.
They got, they got Suersman and then he went Rob.
Are you going to start complaining about the officiating again?
Oh, they were Rob then.
Let me say it again.
Any team that blows as bad as they do against the little girls team, it would be like the
Huracan's make excuses for losing another girls team, okay?
And I'm going to tell you, remember the two games, the FSU game they should have lost,
they deserved to lose that game.
They pulled that one out of their ass like they always do because FSU chokes and gangs.
And what was the other game that they had to win right there at the ass in about three
weeks ago before they started their losing streak?
Louisville.
Yeah, Louisville.
Louisville.
They've got little girls playing that at team.
Little teeny tiny girls with no breasts playing that Louisville team and they almost
love the really embarrassing but everybody cursed down here or down there or we were
blessed.
200 and what we used to be blessed for now were cursed because God is pretty pissed off about
this fixed delusion again.
226 votes on the poll who would be the strongest candidate for either party in 2008 and the
way things are going right now it is proud.
It's never too early to start looking ahead, assuming there might be another election.
John McCain 61.
John McCain with a big puffed up cheek.
I think that could be a problem.
Hillary Clinton 49.
Very polarizing though.
In fact, you know who actually said Elmorene Dowd was all over all the shows yesterday
more I love her ring down.
She's much better in print than on the year.
She was out with Bill Sapphire on one of the shows on what the hell show was at one of them.
I guess it was face to face the nation one of those.
And Ashley Bill Sapphire said some nice things about Hillary Clinton which I couldn't believe.
He must have had a bad egg fart or something in the studio wanted to get out of there quick.
Hillary Clinton 49.
Rudy Giuliani 45.
Howard Dean 29.
What's wrong with Howard Dean?
Bring him back for another shot baby.
That was the man.
He'd have kicked the ass.
He'd have wiped the floor with Bush.
Barack Obama which is obviously the correct answer.
24.
A lot of you crackers out there don't want to vote for him because he's dark.
Oh, black man can't win.
You know it's really interesting how to withstand Roland Colond Powell being great candidate.
See one great thing that Barack Obama's got over Colin Powell is he never lied to the UN.
He never sold out to a bunch of neo-connazies like Colin Powell did.
Barack Obama's the man.
He's the future in a hope of Democratic Party and for all of America for the free thinking people for people with a brain and common decency.
He's my new hero Barack Obama.
If you'd have seen him on your yesterday you would have been so freaking proud man.
He was great.
And they showed that clip of the speech he made of the Democratic Convention.
This is a man who gets it.
He understands what America is supposed to be all about as opposed to these far-bison or right wing lunatics.
He's crazy people who take it all over.
You have Bush got 11.
Your fat ass governor lovin' both.
That's what they got in mind.
The Bush crowd.
They got four eight years for him.
Eight years for George P.
Then maybe eight years for Nicole if she ever gets out of rehab.
John Kerry 9 and John Edwards 8.
Those two are bringing up the SN.
Probably some other names could be on there but I'm not taking any calls right now.
You blame me?
No.
I'll take one.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
All the court's break.
Yes sir, speaking.
Okay and I saw him in.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
San, I don't have time to waste with these $1.
Many people are a dollar than a pile of mush.
Religious leaders prepared a man's out of White House and I'm doing this even though my girl won't be happy because when I read he just goes into a coma.
That's okay.
You can take her as some personal business.
You know, call some of your girlfriends.
What are you laughing about?
Before the show.
Get out of here.
You can.
You're right.
Don't listen anyway.
X-Pow the suit Jackson and tell all of his book.
Michael Jackson is facing a massive lawsuit from X-Pow.
You thought it was going to be a key defense witness at his trial since this week's inquire.
March your fell of former Hollywood porn producer.
Watch out for those porn O people, baby.
Was working closely with Jackson at the very time prosecutor's charge.
Jackson molested the employed at Neverland Ranch.
The singer free on $3 million bail.
He did not kill the neighborhood of Charleston.
He was personally giving a call to a minor.
That Jesus used to see that we go again with Jesus sticking his nose in everybody's business.
And everybody's crotch.
The criminal trial schedule to start in January to make matters even worse for the star.
She fell recently and out.
She's writing a bombshell book about Jackson with another former Jack O'Inomit ex-published Stewart Backerman.
She fell since he's hauling Jackson in the court because the singer owes him a large amount of money for video work and that he's being stiffed.
It really can't get any bleaker for Jackson as I was supposed to have the inquire were told him.
Mark was a key guy and Michael was counting on.
He was supposed to be one of his main defense witnesses and was supposed to say he saw no wrong doing by Michael BUT.
BUT!
Now she's putting out word.
He's going to reveal sensational details in a tell-all book.
After all, he was there when the boy at the center of the case was regularly at Michael's Neverland Ranch.
For Jesus' juice.
Mark came in contact with the boy and his mother.
He may have been involved in some of the secret videos that Michael supposedly made when they questioned the boy about his relationship with Jackson.
Every day now it seems that Michael's world gave him a little bit more.
Says this which inquire to which we can all say.
Oh right!
Good.
How I knew you had good.
See this is what's going on now.
And if the Democratic Party in the American media had any balls, they'd be right now overturning the result of this last fixed election saying,
oh not so fast now, but of course Kerry, at the time I thought he was doing something good.
Not wanting to put America through it, you know, or what we went through four years ago.
Not so fast, Kerry, not so fast.
I mean it just makes sense, you know, when they headed the company that makes the greatest number of voting machines in the state
or how it already has pledged their support for abortions and he's going to do everything in his power to make sure that bush wins.
And when you have all these machines that don't have any paper trail, it doesn't take a genius to figure out.
And especially with one precinct, no, no, I'm precinct, one machine.
One machine where they had 300, almost 4,000 votes too many for voting one machine.
How many thousand of machines do you think there were in Ohio?
About 30,000!
Yeah.
4,830 in some other means.
I would get to those stories eventually, although I guess you probably want the juicy stuff first, right?
So let's get around juice.
Great story before that, though, that was in the Philadelphia Daily News on Friday.
And you're seeing these all over the place, it's sensational.
Oh Canada, we plead to see to thee is what the headline is.
The divided states of America already had joined us.
It was in the Philadelphia Daily News, reprinted in the Toronto Sun right wing rag.
It says adopt us, oh Canada, as a blue red split continues in the divided states of America,
we know that every blue state is continuous to Canada or to another blue state has continued with to Canada,
except to why that's not continuous to anything with a lot of blue water that's continuous to Canada.
Therefore we've got an idea, how about a sort of second American Revolution Canada in which you annex all the blue states,
liberate us from King George and this become the world's sole superpower?
What Canada gets?
Higher education, all eight Ivy League universities, Stanford, University of Chicago, and Northwestern,
all just lower their mission standards for the kids from Saskatchewan.
Sirius Forts, forget the Super Bowl, with the Eagles papiates, dealers, just by King's impact, as the great cup is where it's at.
You get the expos back as they're now in DC.
But who needs the expos when you've got the Red Sox Yankees, Twins, Marlins, Giants, Stodgers, Angels, Padres, Phillies, and Pirates?
The World Series is coming, the World Series is coming, the Raptors are Canada's favorite basketball team,
4,000 empty seats for the Game last night, by the way, of Northern 3 and 0.
We don't think so, what about Flyers Maple Leafs, Flyers, Canadian, Subtle, Strike and Drop the puck?
Warm weather vacations.
Sun yourselves, Rev. 1, Southern California, Hawaii, California, Canada's beautiful beaches.
This is so great!
The Cultural Arts Tourist will love Canada's museums, including the Smithsonian, the Museum of Natural History,
the Philadelphia Museum of Art, plus an addition to Broadway, the Kennedy Center and Top Regional Theater,
we're throwing in our best orchestras, Philly, Boston, Chicago, and LA.
The entertainment industry, you already love our movies and TV shows more than those red stators,
and now when the rare production shoots in California, New York instead of Vancouver,
at Toronto, you still get credit for the jobs and the tax revenue.
The automobile industry, or Howard can keep its Honda plant, GM's, Fords and Cresses are made in Canada,
the biotech industry.
With many of the world's top biotech firms located in Massachusetts, New York, Washington, California,
thanks to $6 billion New Stem Cell Research funding, it's likely that a Canadian sized
football cure cancern heart disease in the next 50 years.
The computer industry, that's right, we keep Microsoft, Apple, Huwuk, Packer, and Silicon Valley.
America gets Dell.
A burgeoning tourist industry, now you've got a lot more to sell than tomorrow,
the cafeteria and the glaciers at Bant, even red stators love to visit Atlantic City, the Liberty Bell,
Maui, the Space Needle, and Disneyland, now Disney Canada.
Precious produce, Canada, the artichoke, garlic and strawberry, capital of the world,
and Canadian wines just get a whole lot tastier.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, we can't be president, but he makes us well Canadian premiere.
What the red stators get, exactly what they want.
What blue stators get, Canadian citizenship and we don't even have to move.
Oh Canada, an action lengthen that's much easier to sing than the Star Spangled Banner.
Free flu shots, not the next- and free health care.
You don't like our values red stators, you got your wish, we're out of here.
But remember the next time you want to see a Broadway show, visit Wine Country Hawaii or the
Burnt Flicse Liberty, dose us bring your visa card, bring your visa.
You're in Canada now and we're tightening our borders, don't delay Canada, this offer expires in four years.
You're listening to the new, new, old Neil Rogers, at Glucin Lane, on 5.6.8.8.9.
And...
Oh, I'm listening to the new writers welcome on our group, and in, at the Old Macro.
I'm the bloody flyer, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Tank hit the cars less the next day, he´ll know in his heart. And I´ll save it I´m staying in Okay! Okay! Okay! Okay! Okay! Okay!
Now he's in an LA jail charged for double homicide
Not believe it's the first degree
Murderly skilled J.O.
It's because of the bloody blood
Probably 10 to 560 speaking of OJ
We'll play a lot of OJ bits then
I heard this great news from the inquirer
Nice going, you go boy
Oh!
World exclusive in the inquirer, OJ busted
The inquirer helps police on cover
His hidden treasure trove of memorabilia
And I was terrified the R.S. will prosecute him
For tax evasion, O wouldn't that be beautiful?
Oh, hallelujah!
Put his nasty crooked old ass back in the slamer
I would love that, wouldn't you?
Yeah, absolutely
Let's take a vote of Q.A. I'm accepted of water
Not seeing your buddy Greg
Do you think there's anybody in there that would like to stick up for OJ?
Oh, no
Because then have anybody else that's stupid in the building
OJ liquor is my ass
Anyway, busted
In a crushing blow to OJ Simpson cops have found a loot he's hidden for seven years
From the murder victimist families
And now they're getting his fortune thanks to the inquirer
You go boys
What's more, a stunts Simpson is terrified
The R.S. will be swooping down for hiding huge cash assets
The families of murder victims in a cool brown and round Goldman
When a $33.5 million civil suit judgment against their day in a wrongful death trial in 97
But if it had been unable to collect up penny until now
Before a 30s could seize his personal property to compensate them
Simpson allegedly hid the items including a treasure trove of memorabilia
But the mystery of the missing loot was finally solved as the steel doors of a
Nondescript storage bin on the outskirts of a small California farm town
Swung open
It was a rainy Sunday morning October 17
You got it?
October 17 marked down a nearest
All right
Inside the CD unit dusty and draped in cobwebs
There were many of OJ's most cherished possessions worth more than $100,000
That's just the face value
Among the several dust-mightings, police carefully inventoryed our
Golf thubs and OJ's personalized bag
His college and pro football jerseys his ornately carved chest set
Two NFL footballs and inscribed wedding gift
And his script for Frogman, the movie in which detectives believe he learned how to cut a victim's throat
Frogman
Many items have tremendous value on the collectors market including OJ's 1973
And end of the year plaque
A fireless tub college football player the award
Tree boxes of OJ endorsed phone cards
Street photos of OJ with his best pal in white bronco-gitaway driver AC Countings
And a wide variety of rare autographed memorabilia at a parker's and repair tree
The newly discovered valuables are part of a hallestimated to be worth more than a million dollars
That OJ allegedly had towels take from his rocking and mansion in 97
Hours before the local sheriff arrived with the quarter of a season
Much of the stash have been carefully hidden all these years by his best friend and sports
Business agent Mike Gilbert in a world-exclusive inquiry story published October 4
Gilbert charged that OJ is guilty of tax evasion on such a massive scale
The experts believe it will finally land in behind bars for up to five years
Oh wow! Yes, there is a god! I've seen the light
That great? Yeah
I wonder how many black tears they're going to have to find to get them off on this one
Since the allegedly failed to report more than a million dollars in income from all cash
memorabilia deals and interviews arranged by Gilbert
Now an I rate OJ feels betrayed by his old pal
All the old pales all the time, probably stories used in an old pal
Who pledged to cooperate fully with the IRS and told the inquiry of the hidden stash
And led the inquiry of the hidden stash remember being in other valuables
When OJ find out Gilbert handed over his stuff from rocking and mansion
He went ballistic and inserted told the inquiry
OJ has horrified he told me now he's bringing the IRS down to me
That's all I need right now
Oh my god
It's not bad enough he's got that
daughter that keeps going ballistic and his girlfriend that's got the little nose problem
Right? Right
And all the accusations about all I drug deal and all these other things
Not all and not not even the mention the fact that it's good close girlfriend
There at QAM got the Candaceaels manager
Right
As the inquiry previously revealed Gilbert says someone with inside information secretly
Tiptoe J to a plan police raid on his home back in 1997
While other pales to ProJ's positions superior range hideouts
Gilbert drove his hall 200 miles north to Hanford, California where he grew up
He agreed to meet the inquiry there October 17
The businessman led us to a store all storage facility next to a flea market
We drove under the facility's stated signs through iron gates operated by a coated card system
Gilbert unlocked the two padlocks on the steel doors of a bin and then swung them open
I hid the stuff here because OJ didn't want the browns and goldmins to get their hands on anything
Especially things that meant so much to him Gilbert confessed to the inquiry
He reached for a cardboard cylinder and pulled from it a rolled up lithograph by Ron Bailey commemorating the season that Simpson rushed for a
Then-record 2003 yards
The call had been matching had the matching lithograph on the wall of a hole
Minutes how police first connected to OJ after the murder said Gilbert the sports agent reached into pile of belongings and drew out a frame tribute
Give it to the couple on their wedding day February 2nd 85 by fellow football hall of Flamer Lin swan to accompany his gift of pieces of wine and champagne
Wrote swan may your lives together share the qualities of these wines enjoy your love as you enjoy this swan swine
Said Gilbert it was one of OJ's pride possessions he hung it in his study
One by one Gilbert uncovered all the disgrace football stars treasures
prominent Sacramento member of the expert Bruce Froman who owns BML connection of well-known sports member
Bigger shop agreed to value the items for the inquirer
There were collectors dream he said the confection access of a hundred grand the fact they've been hidden away for seven years
Gives them even greater value in the eyes of collectors
Gilbert is pledged to the inquiry
He'll help the Browns and govins track down the rest of OJ's possessions
They're hidden in storage facilities and private homes all over the country including OJ's own home and Miami Gilbert
Told the inquirer how do you like that see if people attend the library going right now knocking on OJ's house and okay
Where's the goods where's the budget murdering bastard?
And he stands ready to be questioned by the families and their lawyers says Gilbert you know Gilbert
I'm ready to cooperate fully so they can retrieve what's rightfully there is then maybe I can get back to peace of mind and
Suffolk respect I haven't had in years Gilbert said
Incredibly OJ and Gilbert were once so close that one of the businessman's car stylized license plate
Thank 32 a reference to Simpson's jersey number at Southern Cal and Buffalo bills
What uniform number you were in San Francisco in the 32? I think you were 33. Yeah
Well, are you sure that though? I'm not hungry. I'll find out now
Ox on October 18 the inquirer company Gilbert the Kings County Sheriff Department of Hanford where he to reign with the golden attorneys to hand over the loot
He was met by chief civil deputy Lee Reynolds who carefully inventory at every item filling four line pages
Deputy Reynolds turned down only one of OJ's ovens for its like a value
Ironically was a tenored piece of yellow police crime scene tape
I know it came from the murder scene Gilbert told the inquirer
But I have no idea how OJ got hold of it or why on earth he wanted to keep it a piece of yellow tape from the police crime scene where OJ murdered
Ron and a cold
Oh god wouldn't that be great to see his ass behind bars. I and the rest of them too wouldn't be bad
Get some nice treatment in narrow game. Maybe they'll finally meet out some justice behind closed bars
They don't like double murderers in the prison, you know, they'll choose them
Yeah, they'll juice in this what they'll do. That's why they should have done the first place was given the old zap
They shouldn't give them the damn juice
See this is this is another example of the kind is see this is something I know can drag you crazy
But keep this in mind boys and girls. I don't want to get all serious. We had a depressing election for a lot of us
But stop and think of all of the crap that goes down unfolds before the public's eyes there every single day
And the American media man they are a wall. They're out to lunch
They're absent without leave. They're gone and I've doing their duty man
The outrageously distressingly grotesque unacceptable crap that happens each and every single day
Just like this slaughter that's going on right now said away in Fallujah
probably got to American Marines that they haven't even started yet
And this lying sack of crap mr. Mr. Vadeuse himself mr. Moral values tells Pat Robertson. Oh, there are gonna be no casualties
This is gonna be a piece of cake walking apart. We'll be no casualties
Now I fight a war. I'm a war president
Funny sitting and I get a little too worked up today. I think it's only Monday. Yeah, you gotta come down. Okay
There's gonna be back tomorrow. The con kill keep me calm
Although I sure hope he didn't send me this birthday gift. Maybe both are Brian did
The prisoner my ass. I mean, I like the prisoner. I've seen him all many many found it. See it's bad
I shouldn't be doing it. Isn't it cheesy to be doing it
But somebody makes the effort to send you a birthday gift that you only have to pay 21 dollars and 54 cents post and you'll get a happy birthday pay 21 bucks. Yeah
I said I like I said I could have bought some maybe maybe that made that would have been 10
6.49 tickets on Wednesday night maybe I could have won a four million. Yeah, you've been coming closely
Not lately, no, that's just that one time and that's it. That was my chance. Okay. I only won 25 bucks Saturday
I don't think although that 25 bucks is gone now most of it for that 21 54 for the gift
Hey, you know now is the time to save like never before at Armstrong for to homestay
They must clear out all remaining of fourth to make room for the 2005
You'll save like never before on all remaining 014 stock ready for a media delivery of not sooner
And all the 05s are ready to roll out too plus for a limited time gets 0% finance
You got any of the following explorers escaped focuses sources and mustangs certain restrictions apply
The lots of Armstrong for to homestay that are just jam packed and with moral files arriving every day
They're cutting prices on the o4s like crazy right not to save you a ton of cash
Armstrong for it offers you more value too because when you buy your Ford from Armstrong for it
I wonder if he's kind of George Armstrong for more comfortably Toronto Maple Leafs when you buy your Ford from Armstrong for you
Get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's correct tires and batteries for life
So if you're wanting a new car, but putting it off weight no more
David rich in the staff at Armstrong for to homestay will guarantee you the best price and don't forget
Armstrong for to homestay is locally owned and operated. They'll treat you great just like family
You'll never get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town
There's no bait and switch no phone and deals just absolutely unbeatable prices
Armstrong for to homestay you'll find a material 725 south Dixie highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836
Check them on the wicked web at Armstrong cars.com and do yourself a favor grab a little bit just a few minutes and save thousands
I met new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestay
I'm
This is a home. Oh, Jesus Christ for extra strength
Dex-Edron when you're getting crucified
The rest of me is had again
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world sins weighing on your shoulders
And I'm glad you stick this fear in your side. Yeah
Jesus Christ that hurts
So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head
That's what I reach for Dex-Edron
Well, I am I don't reach for it. Hey anybody got any dex-Edron
Thank you, this could you feel a couple in my mouth?
Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake
extra strength Dex-Edron because the headache is a heavy cross to bear maybe right
You can kind of drop a few pills for him. It's 1232 at 560 WQ I am
So I'm looking at our website today and you've got all those stories for tomorrow on there this morning. Nice job
There you go. Gosh is right on top of it. Including the ones I the one I referred to by Michael more the kids are all right
Back how about if I just read the little burby got on there for a tease
Let's do that since dear friends if there was one group who really came through on Tuesday
It was the young people of America that turned out with his historic and record setting and few in the media are willing to report this fact
Unlike 2000 when Gordon Bush almost evenly split the youth vote
Goa 48 bush 46 this year K-1 to Bush vote
Well, I wanted to vote in a landslide pulling a full 10 points more than Bush
Carrey 54 bush 44 and he goes on to point out that there was a sharp increase
Even though it represented only 17% again the total vote keep in mind that there were millions more people have voted
So while rock the vote wanted to get 20 million Americans out come to find out that 21 million actually came out
Good article is usual by Michael Moro. Can anybody not smile more? It's got to be a Nazi. Okay. I'll take it out right now
Now
Well, I don't we got an hour and a half. I don't know if I'm gonna get all my good stuff in
I know my girlfriend probably like me to take a few calls
No, that really oh
How about if drag screens him first okay? I think yeah just a joke
Ohio machine error gives Bush extra votes. Let me say again the election was rigged
I don't think a Democrat's ever gonna win again. Maybe our poll today is a move point because I don't think it really makes much difference
An error with an electronic voting system gave president Bush
3,890 three-year votes in suburban Columbus elections officials said
Franklin County's unofficial results had Bush receiving 4,250 votes Democrat John Curie's 260 votes in a precinct in
Gahana records show only 638 voters cast ballots altogether in that precinct so they had a
They had a total of about 4500 votes cast, but only actually 638
See the exit polling was right on okay
The exit polling counted the votes it's just the election votes that when you vote a lot of you didn't count
Oh, that's nice. Bush actually received instead of 40
uh, 360
Almost 300 for Carrie
But Bush actually received 365 out of precinct Matthew Dan Schroeder
No, Ken to John Schroeder directed the Franklin County Board of Elections totally Columbus Dispatch
Staten County election officials did not immediately respond to requests by the AP for more details about the voting system
It's vendor and whether the error for Peter Delsware in Ohio could have affected the outcome of the election. What do you think?
Was your legular one to state by more than 136,000 votes in Carrie conceited election Wednesday
after acknowledging that 155,000 provisional ballots into the county of Ohio wouldn't change the result the secretary of state that Republican
Lackie said Friday it couldn't revise Bush in several to the county report of the error
The Ohio vices among a handful of computer troubles that emerged in Tuesday's elections in one North Carolina
County more than 4500 votes were lost because officials mistakenly believed the computer that threw a balance electronically could hold more data than it did
And in San Francisco a malfunction with a custom voting software could delay efforts to declare the one is a four races for county supervisor
In the Ohio precinct in question the votes are recorded onto a cartridge in one of the three machines in that precinct
see in one machine a
A malfunction occurred in the recording process Dan Schroder said he couldn't explain how the malfunction occurred
Dan Schroder said people who had seen pull results on the election board's website called a point after the discrepancy
The error would have been discovered when the official they have sure with no problem
If the rainy mistakes they'll find them and they'll say oh wait a minute W not so fast. Don't be bombing the ran yet in North Korea
You're doing it by the way
I mean error for her to still alive woman and he's dead woman and she's alive woman
He's in a coma. He's brained and he's still alive. How do you like that? Just like Don Corleone man
He shot him with five shots and he's still alive
They can't kill that error fart
He's trembling a little bit, but that's nothing new
Religious leaders prepared demands on the White House
Orlando or
Lando hallelujah
Clean up that orange blossom trail and they already did good
America's conservative religious leader wait till they fight out all them fags at Disney World, you know
Holy moly
You think you think that they're gonna have like a nervous breakdown when they do a little investigation
They're probably like right them all up and send them for quick shower
Yeah, especially when they fight out that Mickey and Donald Duck are both gay. Yeah, I have to do something
Yeah, they're gonna have to do something or round them up baby
America's conservative religious leaders credited with providing the margin of victory from president push is supposed to be election
You realize that he's he's gotten in there twice. He didn't win either one of the elections
Are ready to present the White House with a bill for services rendered
The list they say is a lengthy one beginning with the nomination of US Supreme Court justices who will overturn the landmark
Roe v. Wade decision on abortion
Increased support for a constitutional men and men in gay marriage with a president by the way says he's gonna bring that back
And a larger role in policing decency for the FCC. Oh, but a larger role. So you won't be able to say that's right
In fact, you know what? I'm glad I mentioned that because I think I think right now while we still while the court is still clear
You got it
Because because after this whole deal goes down you won't be able to say wrap anymore
Maybe we'll be able to take one. It's just like real real clean and medicinal
The Reverend Steve Smith
Spotsman for the first back to his church of where I wonder if he's keen to Steven Smith the harness driver. I sure hope not
He's Canadian, eh
Reverend Steve Smith spoke to the first back to church of Orlando said Bush's election in his supporter monk conservative Christians
Show large portions of the electorate are grounded in traditional family values like murder life lying
Like taking the country to war about based on a pack of lies traditional family values like snorting coke and not going up
Your girlfriend had taken it and have an abortion and lying about it
Like having your daughter in life Smith said conservative groups will continue to push her and into abortion with the very least legislation greatly limiting the practice
Paul Scragons. Oh, I love that name
Executive director of the Christian Service Agency vision Orlando said social and cultural matters important to Evangelicals
Might become more of a priority for all outlaw makers if the group continues continues to flex its political muscle at the polls
I think many Evangelicals in the past have been either too busy or too athletic or even too lazy to get involved
Scragons be saying I sense though that people now have a greater understanding of their responsibility
A willingness to express those convictions through voting
Although Republicans afforded space related causes during the past four years expectations have increased now
You always want more said the Reverend Richard land presently South Baptist conventions ethics and religious liberty commission
One of my jobs is to never be satisfied
Well, if he's a real religion, he probably shouldn't be satisfied should he?
Land a strong support and predict the proposed amendment banking gay marriage would be added to the Constitution
With White House backing he said it'll pass you a Senate by the required two thirds majority
It's already packed in a house by simple majority and will be ratified by three fourths of nation state legislatures
Nor was the southern Baptist leader donded by the demonstrate ability of the sense democratic minority to block judicial nominations by filibus green
With an increased margin land said Republicans intended to change Senate rules
Providing the minority from using unlimited debate to block court appointments
This would open the door to new justices who could reverse the Roe v. Wait decision permitting abortions
Chase second law chief counsel for the American Senate for law and justice had confirming such nominees is now more likely
However, he said he's not so certain that enough justice could be appointed in four years to reverse the landmark decision
Well, let's not find out okay. Let's not find out
I
Of course in rank was case you don't make any difference for papers. He's next to us Scalia
He's the most rapidly right wing of all of many ways. So what difference is it make?
I don't forget about your frank clearance token Thomas
He's bringing the good stuff to the party
1241 at 560 WQM the mad dog at two is gonna be he's gonna be a same cottage for the dolphins man
It's all over one and eight and it's not so great
I'll tell you place that is great brandy shoes and pomp and obiach when you shop for quality footwear
This is the place you want to go because they give you an unbeatable combination great service
They know your feet inside and I'm make sure you get a perfect feet every time
They got the top names in the shoe business like rock forth floor shine s a.s
Very similar naturalizer and lots more and they got the best prices going anywhere
What an unbeatable combination at Brandy's and Brandy's open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 even on the weekend on
Sundays 10 to 5 you'll find Brandy's at 1290 or federal highway and pomp and obiach it's always worth a trip
No matter where you live and right now isn't even better time to buy naturalizers all this week at Brandy's
Because all great women's naturalizer styles are when I stood 20% off. They're already unbeatable prices
So be sure and come into Brandy's this week or visit them on that wicked web at Brandy's shoes dot com
Me and Rogers mornings in the day
So we're gonna try to fight
Your day
You
We're busing years to late
Yeah, that's when things were great
When things was president
Okay, it was innocent
But we could still see friends
And you can send blood to it
Really had an interlude
And there was no fan yet
Never heard about being a lot in the wall
Sticks always in the black
We still care about my time
And now that we get past
And all that great music
Yeah
Like a wisdom from God
No self-confidence, no right no
I was born to play no stress or do you mean
That Brandy was a cutie
There was a land that forced it
And Julius Blitz from life in the f**k
We're smashing to be a strategy
But just being quite feels right since
1919
1991
1991
You know we're dry up
And with me
They beat the pins up right
We still have some easures
But also there was
We had so many
Be audience
I wonder if she's through my past
1990
1995
No, 247 and 560
Here's the poll so far, 165 votes
Who would be the strongest candidate
For either party in 2008
And believe me it's never after an election like this
And with this crowd in there
Never too soon to start working feverishly
For next time
John McCain 110, Reed Giuliani 94
Hillary Clinton 87
She was just down there with the
Eric Farts wife
No, because you're not watching CNN
I mean, why the hell would you be watching that
When you can watch your boobies and whatever you're watching
It's how they are just wasn't watching
Hillary Clinton 87, Barack Obama 86
And she does look exactly like we're back to do more
Name no matter what you said
Okay, what?
You say spinning image man, I don't care what you say
It's her twin sister, Hillary 90, Barack Scott 69
Howard Dean is got 60
Carrie 17, Jed Bush is got 16
17 year fat ass governor
And the giant Edwards is bringing up the rear of 15
Spring in the span of the rear
Actor Bert Reynolds today filed suit against his long time
Girlfriend chemist
He's trying to blackmail him, I wonder what he's suggesting
You're gay
Bert Reynolds said more than a six year romantic relationship with panel of seals
They tend to barmy no longer exist and says he's not trying to get heaven as a state
Despite the fact they were never married
The attorneys for Reynolds, a ledge
Seale's plan to spread false reports of physical and verbal abuse and prescription
Medication abuse, they say no official complaints or charges ever been filed by seals against Reynolds
The veteran TV movie actor said he shower seals with costly gifts
Cars, cash, clothing, jewelry over the years and allowed her to live in his home
She often accompanied him on business trips to suits as but maintains that both resetted full time and flow red dot
He paid a substantial down payment on a half million dollar condo for seals and provided health insurance for the bar maid
And her mother for six months after the relationship, that's a what a the bar maid
And it's on sleazy tacky
For her and her mother for six months after the relationship ended the suit says
Seale's in his suit alleges
I'm sorry, seals Reynolds suit a lot, this is very poorly written because it's in the sun symbol
His thread to one least slanderous and false allegation
And at attempt to embarrass him in a harmless career unless he gives her millions of dollars in property or half of his asset
The suit claimed seals demands are blackmailed, pure and simple and designed to injure the actors
Reputation business interest in future earnings and he wants this and he wants that and nobody cares
Your new old movies man
Go hang out with Dom Delarees and get out of here, okay?
Somebody really somebody to boot up your image a little bit like Dom Delarees
And here's the facts
It says I was just wondering if you and your listeners would be interested in knowing where our family man knew
Send in a real like Mel Martinez spend his early Sunday hours, oh no
Why, we can't verify this?
I mean it's suggested it was in a script joint
How do you like that?
It says I wonder where his wife Kitty was
Well we haven't really had to verify that, okay?
We don't want to be a you know, Chino
Just a little celebration
Right, he was celebrating his big victory, okay?
Mel Martinez, number one of those
Flony Baloney, Hipper Criter, one of the most evil men, nasty, hostile
Boy, anyway
Here's the fact that it says, pull suggesting if you never done this let's set this off the evangelical right
How often do you, oh yeah right
Oh yeah, I remember doing that
Sure, uh huh
Write it by a joyous a couple of times first, okay?
Right, I'll factor right over
Yeah, although speaking of that when he was suggesting on there
World's most beautiful women think they're ugly
Says the inquirer, even Halle Berry hates her looks
Halle Berry hates the way she looks and she's not alone I think I'm ugly
She says there's been a vote of one of the sexiest women on the planet
I see myself without makeup every morning
That's why I don't have any illusions anymore
Certainly we don't feel like a big star
Even without makeup she looks like crap
I'll test it out on me too
Huh? We'll take it
That's crap without makeup too, probably
That's a strange opinion from someone who is a former Miss Teen All-America beauty page
Winner and a first runner up in the Miss USA page
But Halle's harsh criticism ever looks as no surprise to researchers
They discover that only two percent of the world's women actually think they're beautiful
And a pulled by Doug Soap
See I prefer Doug Bar's to know Soap, never have a Doug Bar
Yes
I'd much rather this, in fact only idiots use soap anymore
Soap gets hair in it and it's just like, uh, it's like
It's large, you know it's nasty, nobody uses soap anymore, right?
Most of us still do yes
You use soap? What the hell do you use?
Body wash, man
Oh, God
Are you crazy Soap went out with the nickers
You're still using soap?
Yes
Oh, brother, well don't drop it
In a pulled by Doug Soap, in fact they say, what is the name?
St. I's, there's the name of the, oh, brother
There's one called apricot that's got hooba beads in it
It's like grainy and it melt like a, oh, God, that's good stuff
But it's good stuff, I'm telling you
Get with the body wash
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's so proud
Throw this, oh yeah, oh that's right
All these bags go to casinos to the place slot machines
And they only use body wash
You're so full of crap, man
You've been hanging around it a little, speak George too much
That wet pack
In a pulled by Doug Soap, there's 3% of American women
And 6% of Brazilians thought of themselves as beautiful
While not one Japanese woman question
Would use the beautiful word
Oh, sorry Eric's wife is Japanese, I'm sure she's lovely
Of all women, 9% take of themselves as attractive
8% call themselves feminine
7% for good looking, 7% describe themselves as cute, 2% think they're sexy
Why is it that Japanese people generally look near so ugly?
I mean, I'm sure Eric's wife is the exception
But why is that?
Chinese people are, you'd have to agree, although George disagrees
He ain't into that stuff, but you'd have to agree there are a lot of beautiful Chinese people
Yeah, really, I mean, very, very
But Japanese, and Korean?
I mean, you know, roll the dice
There's some good or some bad, just like anything else
Roll the dice?
Ooooooh!
Now, let's get any important stuff, okay?
Okay
Because I got the story, a media voting, a media black-star voting problems
Evidence months that the vote was hacked, I'm sitting the best stuff for last
Because we got to compete with not only Rush, but Al Frank and a Catherine Lampur
You know?
Right
You know, the Ohio man did this
There's 80 million stories here, there's no question in my mind
If this, they did again, this time they couldn't make it like a nail-biter like the last time
It would have been too obvious and too embarrassing
Anyway, before that, President Bush will renew a question to second term for a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage
Oh my God
As was sent to a hopeful and decent society, as top politically it's against today
Bush is called for a constitutional ban on gay marriages, fair-lifed, during Congress
But as position was seen as a key factor motivating Christian conservatives
Concerned about moral values that do not have large numbers and help supply Bush with a winning margin
Last week's election supposedly
If we want to have a hopeful and decent society, we ought to aim for the ideal and that ideal
Is that marriage ought to be and should be a union of a man and a woman, Bush political aid
Airman Garing Carl Rove told Fox News Sunday yesterday
Rove said Bush would absolutely post a Republican-controlled Congress for a constitutional amendment
Which he said was needed to work at the aims of activist judges who would permit gay marriages
And then of course we know the world would come to an end
We're renewing his push for an amendment despite its slim chances of success
It would be a way for Bush to reward his conservative base
Remember when we face a steep hurdle when in the need to prove all three-fourths of the state
States, other items on Bush's second term agenda included nominating without a litmus test and abortion
Judges who would strictly interpret the Constitution and tax reform
Rove said Bush wanted to review the tax code and its entirety which suggested a broad-based reform was possible
Republicans' ability to deliver on their campaign agenda will determine whether the party can realize its potential
Through retaining governing majority for decades he said for decades
And of course we know that the people dying in Iraq and health care and the economy jobs
People have got a job or not all of these things social security
All of these things will screw that up again when the young people lose all their savings to the rest of their lives
But these things aren't important. The thing that most Americans, these Americans are concerned about is gay marriage
What if Rags and Get Married?
Yeah, good times
Now, I'm just missing this in passing since there are the blue states want to become part of Canada
The United States of Canada, well they'll fit right in then
Gay couples and sex scaturons can now get married
A judge on Friday ruled that existing marriage laws discriminate against same sex couples
This is an sex scaturon that would be like same sex couples in Montana
The counterlaw definition of a marriage for civil purposes is declared to be the lawful union of two persons
For the persons the exclusive law is just as Donna Wilson wrote in her five page ruling
The ruling was Albany foregone conclusion since the same determination already been made in part by the provinces in one territory
It also was not contested by the province of the federal government. How do you like that?
They don't have no George Bush here. Thank God
Of course in Ontario, British Columbia, Quebec, Manitoba, Nova Scotia and the UConn even have all called the current marriage definition discriminatory
More challenges are pending through couples are chownings in the law in Newfoundland and Labrador
At the federal level the government has put four questions on same-sex marriage to the Supreme Court of Canada
Which is looking at a draft federal law that could make gay weddings legal all across the country
Despite increasing support at the judicial level, same sex marriage remains a controversial for many Canadians
However, Canada has been more open to the concept than Americans
52% I think it's like 52 to 30 something with some undecided
52% Canadians are in favor of gay marriage
50 years ahead of the US, they
And you wonder why the blue states are so anxious to join Canada? Good weed too by the way
I just mentioned that in passing
I don't put everybody in jail for having a pin joint in their ass tray
1256-560 I wonder how token town is doing on the Supreme Court
And let me tell you right now speaking of joints
If you got smoothing your carpeting, drag concepts of the people you want to do business with for over 20 long amazing years
I've been using these very same people in all of my homes and the reason why I've never used anybody else
You have to be crazy too
Because when it comes to having your carpet, your furniture, your draper, your area rugs, your special way of the worst clean
And looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new, these people got it hands down your pants
Because they drag clean your carpets with sucks out even the deep down dirt and the five of your carpet was you can't see with an naked eye
Which makes it not only to look clean and just like brand new but sanitary as well
And don't forget your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to being a collector with germs
As far as the business with these folks gets a pleasure, it's in the high as the Chinese say
Because those 595 for room scam artists that rip you off at the end, forget about those guys
Drag concepts gives you a written guaranteed price upfront before they even start doing the job
And drag concepts uses a rapid drying technique so your carpets are drying just an hour and a half
So you really can clean today and entertain tonight
They're the best of their universe so if it's that time, if your carpets are starting to get nasty shape
Give them a call today, they'll never let you down
And they'd route in Palm Beach counties, counties that's a toll free call
1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071 on our web at strideconcepts.com
That's stride concepts making carpets clean and brand spank a new looking in South Florida since 1979
You wanna see some new Roger Coyote and a school trip on 566-888-888
Oh boy, it's the 1-2 hour
It's gonna be my first day in China
Yeah, I wouldn't get you a cat with that one
Then they got a pastry pastry with crackers, even that one with dillin crackers
Oh, oh, black oak, undisputable, and disappeared in hell
That's where I always go, say you know that
That GOP of you is where this victim's human being is
You nation has a distant future
You should set up a big far away
And the way it's about if you've had a new child
Look at those
No more days I used to get trapped in a large box
But in 2000 you were told you don't fool making lots
Now they got computers that are safe home after trouble
But just not the time to vote for the first game
You did anything we can do
And I've been trying to warn everybody that last poll leave
Oh, some of them tried to make a difference
The public have a different mail
They waited to the last move
The biggest delay now
Oh, oh, I'm a cat vote
Who I thought you never told
I'll just be your race
Pushed out the toilet
Oh, oh, no, no, please
So frantic they take it through the street
And the bad kids cracker has its B.O.C.E
We just need to keep trying to take this liberal rights away
Keep it up, keep it up
We are all going to take no B.O.C.E
I don't like that vote
We're counting him, evil doors and
Uh, hello, you baby, we're getting him
103 at 516, we're killing him for Christ man
The spirit of Christ compels you to kill those bastards
Right, praise the Lord
David Swanson writes, media blacks out voting problems
The mainstream media is falling down on the job
By failing the cover efforts since November 2 to ensure that all votes in the presidential election are accurately counted
The conclusion by John Kerry that investigation could not possibly reverse the election
May quite possibly been a premature evaluation
But the question both activists and the media should be asking
Is that whether there was enough fraud in areas to decide the election?
Or even whether there was more than is usual?
But whether there was any fraud or errors
Where the problems occurred, how they can be prevented in the future and in particular
Where their new kinds of fraud were permitted by new technologies
And by the privatization of our election process
The ILCA, the International Labor Communication Association, is especially concerned
Because of indications detailed below
That fraud may have occurred in areas where there are heavy populations of workers, African Americans
And other progressive voters that our member organizations represent
People deserve to have their votes counted and the strategist will spend four years studying the election results deserve to have the facts
Some citizens and independent media outlets are racing these issues but the corporate media is AWOL
An investigation by the media was seen especially appropriate since the 2000 election led to investigations in Florida that determined the loser was occupying the White House
Evidence existed before the selection that quite possibly the fix was in
The co-chair of the Bush-Chainy Campaign in Ohio was running the 2004 election in that state
And had for weeks been demonstrating every intention to disenfranchise Democrats
The head of a company manufacturing electronic voting machines for use around the country
Had announced his intention to help Bush stay in the White House
The weakness is in susceptibility to abuse of electronic voting machines
Including machines that many people vote on and the machines that add up the votes for multiple precincts
Had been well-documented
If the pre-election context wasn't enough to put the media on alert the exit polls on election day should have been
The polls by the National Election Pools throughout the day showed Kerry had in a number of swing states
Media commentators made it quite clear that they had seen and took seriously the polls
Professional pollster John Zagli took in seriously enough to call the race for Kerry
Wall Street took them seriously enough to start dropping stock prices
Back on September 28th, the New York Post and an agreement with other US media outlets had it to realize that the results of a recall election in Venezuela
Had been proven fraudulent by exit polls
It is unconscionable the post-coded Jimmy Carter was saying to perpetuate fraudulent or biased electoral practices in any nation
The post they commented, oh really?
Funny Carter quickly endorsed the results of last month's recall effort against Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez
Chavez and Paladictators from Sodomosanthinal Castro officially beat back the recall with nearly 59% of the vote
Oddly that result was completely opposite to findings of an exit poll connected by a well-regarded polling firm
You often used by the US Democratic Party which showed Venezuela voters voting Chavez by the same 59%
You know Jimmy Carter said the election is free and fair
Other US media coverage was similar. The Miami-Heroed ran this headline. Find out if Chavez stole the vote
United Press International ran a column arguing that Carter was unqualified to criticizing voting procedures in Florida
Because exit polls had proved him wrong in Venezuela. Carter would say that the floor is voting arrangements didn't meet basic international requirements
On October 17th the New York Times ran an article on the use of exit polls to identify and prevent election fraud in a number of countries
The article suggested that exit polls might play a similar role in the upcoming US election
A November 5 New York Times article in the rest of the US media's coverage after the election saying a very different tune
Building in an un argued assumption that the November 2nd exit polls had been proven wrong by official vote counts
The Times article softened, determined a very balanced and objective manner
Exactly what went wrong with the exit polls but not whether they were wrong or right
The New York Post which song books as well running on November 3rd in its online edition to column by Dick Morris
Demandied to know who would rig the exit polls
Exit polls according to Morris could not be off by as much as they were this time without intentional fraud
Morris presented no evidence of fraud in the exit polling and no evidence that it was the polls rather than the official counts they got it wrong
As pointed out in various analyses the exit polls were accurate within their margin of error in many states
But were surprisingly far off in a number of swing states and always off in the same direction showing more support for Curator and was found in the official counts
Warren Mautoski co-director of the National Election poll told the NewsR would gym layer that Curator was added in a number of states by margins that looked unreasonable to us
Mautoski speculated that perhaps Curator's are willing to participate in the exit poll more of them but didn't suggest any reason for that speculation other than the difference between the exit polls and the final counts
He and his colleagues have since produced other speculative reasons why the exit polls could have been wrong all grounded in circular reasoning
Mautoski told the NewsR that on the evening of November 2 we decided to wait for the official counts and then use those to correct the exit polls
Those rendering me hugely expensive exit polls useless as either predictors of the election outcome or measurements of the counts accuracy
Media outlets corrected the exit polls on their websites early in the morning of November 3
Mautoski promised in the future that he exit poll results secret thus fully rendering them useless for any stated purpose related to election outcomes
They'll still just be able to tell us after the fact how many voters were female or Jewish or go to church weekly or believe that health care is the most important issue etc
Other surprising outcomes should stimulate investigation including the low-game voter turnout for Curator and Florida despite massive get out the vote efforts and widely reported record lines that polls on election day in an early voting
Reasons for a concern over this election are however no longer limited to surprise over the outcome nor need this issue be focused on the uncountable votes of those wrongly denied voting status turned away intimidated
Fourth to vote on provisional ballots are destroyed from voting by long lines specific evidence of miscounty has been uncovered
And despite the national media's near blackout of the issue local reporting has documented some of the problems
In fact although you won't learn from the corporate media three members of Congress have asked the general accounting office to investigate irregularities of voting machines in the November 2 election
The Congress members John Connures Gerald Nadler and Robert Wechler said that a few of the problems have already arisen including a machine in a single Ohio precinct that I just told you about that gave Bush an extra nearly 4,000 votes
More troubling than these problems and others like them is the fact that much of the electronic vote was accounting was in the hands of private companies produces no audible record, auditable record and can easily be tampered with
A leading investigator of this problem blackbox voting dot org appeared in 23 mainstream media articles or transcripts in the weekly enough to the election according to a nexus search but only once since then and that was mentioned by a color to a radio show
Black box voting is not banished from the media because it's East activity rather it's launched the largest series of FOI freedom of information requested in history and now said it believes fraud took place in the election
And analysis report on what you listen to this very carefully. I know it's boring but listen anyway. Okay, listen listen analysis reported by Tom Hartman founded in Florida in the smaller counties in which optically scanned ballots were counted on a central computer
The results were quite surprising for example Franklin County that has 77.3% registered Democrats with 58.5% for Bush
Holmes County with 72.7% registered Democrats when 77.25% for Bush they had in the larger counties Hartman noted where such anomalies would be more obvious to the news media higher high percentage of registered Democrats equal high percentage of votes for Kerry
And although elections officials didn't notice these anomalies and aggregate they were enough to swing Florida from Kerry to Bush
If you simply go through the analysis of these counties and reverse the anomalous numbers in these counties that appear to have been hacked
Suddenly the Florida election results resemble the Florida exit poll results carry one and one big in Florida
According to Hartman the Democratic candidate for the US House of Representatives from Florida 68 district Jeff Fisher claimed to have evidence of hacking that would explain these results and he's turning over that evidence to the FBI
Ted Harris of Blackbox voting.org explained how such easy hacking is is on a CNBC talk show some months back watch the clip the mainstream media hasn't touched this story
Nor has the corporate media touched on the topic of spoiled about it and says watch the clip even click on it and watch it if this is on our website. We got this on today.
I don't know. Media blacks are voting problems as it's their stories you got it on them. Sure you do. So click on where it says watch the clip and you can watch it.
Nor has the corporate media touched on the topic of spoiled ballots and hanging chads in Ohio which BBC reported Greg Pulasz believes wrong request to the election there which I read on Friday.
The stories of election problems that would seem to murder investigation are numerous. See for example these and it's got some even click and watch in New Hampshire the
nature cameo campaign that challenge the electronic voting results in all these county Ohio in October a former employee of election systems and software
ES and this the company that provides the voting system in all these county was allegedly on the main computer that's used to create the ballot and compile election
results which would go against election protocol. The mainstream media will not report these claims unless
industry of levidences produced the carry one the election and if the two thousand lessons any guide the media will bury the story even then.
In the meantime following the narrowest win for a sitting president since Woodrow Wilson the media is announced that Bush has a clear mandate to enact his agenda and agenda that's
media is reporting on more now than prior to the election. Clearly the top agenda item for those who care about democracy in this
country must be reshaping our media passing reform through Congress presents the same chicken neck problems campaign finance reform or term limits or
instant runoff voting or greater access for third parties. How do you force politicians to oppose their own interest and those of their
funders. An alternative is to build our own media to compete with the corporate vision rebuilding labor media is the mission of the international
labor communications association and we see that mission is having just grown more important than ever. That's one.
Another story. I don't know how many of my wife raised you know. Right. You'll Miguel going to a coma. Have you got upset? Is he already asleep? Yeah he's done. He's finished already left.
Now people probably an affluent girlfriends again if he asked me. Both of them. Here's the poor result so far what would be the who would be the strongest candidate for either party in
2008 585 votes. John McCain 140 why I have no idea because he sold out totally after Bush trashed him in 2000 and just made personal attacks against him and his wife there were
unconscionable sold out. John McCain 140 really joy and he 120 Hillary Clinton 111 Barack Obama 85 he should have like 500. Howardine 72 John Kerry sold he got 20.
Bush's fat ass governor Bush 20 and John Edwards only 17 he was weak. Very very weak. You know since fat ass how he was he still wanted a bit over a heart attack.
Dick Taney. Very true. You know the one that's got the bull dyke out of Mary Taney. Right. And appreciated so much the kind of words that John Edwards said about him in his family.
13 at 560 WQA. I'm on one at 10 right now about our friends over guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them. They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is.
Recently they helped a listener of ours who never dreamed that he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home not only were they able to qualify him they were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get and they work closely with them to determine which one was best and then they made it happen.
That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach and you can call them toll free right now 1 800 734 6616.
Whether you're looking for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate.
But 30 man. One of the many low rated justable mortgages guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach has exactly what you need.
The offer payments is low as 332 bucks for every hundred grand you borrow guaranteed mortgage bankers also has something else.
If you're going to get a mortgage loan somewhere will they make your mortgage happen they'll even send you on a crew.
That's correct. After you close your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach you can choose one of six different seven night cruises compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers.
Call them today whether you're looking to buy a new home and investment property or just refinance your current mortgage call 1 800 734 6616 or on that wicked web it's guaranteed mortgage bankers.com.
That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach where you'll be treated just like family call them toll free right now there's no obligation 1 800 734 6616.
If you want to take a new mortgage it's a loose way. On 560 AM.
Partially awesome now there's a new pizza that's totally awesome. It's nominous mile high pizza five one entire pizza pile up a little bit of other pizza with another pizza on top of that with three toppings of your choice.
Then we file another pizza on top of that. But we're not done yet we put another pizza on top of that and another pizza on top of that with three additional toppings of your choice.
Can you be the same toppings that are on top of the pizza that's three tiers below that? No but on top of that pizza is another pizza and on top of the pizza above that you can repeat the toppings choice from eight layers down.
Who can the fourth pizza up from the one below the second one with three toppings have stuffed crust? No but the third pizza down from the one above the second one with three toppings can for only three dollars more.
Wow I can't wait to get thrown in order one. Domino's mile high pizza pile. Why would your way across the living room and over the door?
It's domino's. All right one nineteen and five sixty I want the gallery to go into a coma there so I won't read anymore stories except let's see one two three four.
Oh my god. That's good. That's good. Well is he still there? He's dozen or he leave now he's there. I think I think you left. I think he uh we all set up a hot date.
We want his girlfriend or how's the beast doing? We should know how is that don't hear from him anymore. Well he's a major depression right now. No over our stupid much of ball games or you can.
Like I want to keep losing the little girls teams all while we're cursed out here man we're cursed are we cursed out here Jim.
Are we that had to be of all the calls in the history of talk radio that one that they went at jackass after after the hurricanes and it often is both a really big gigantic games of the same weekend and on Monday here I'm driving home and here's the first call to mad dog some jackass I'm juxtaphing fool who thinks the life is about ball games are we blessed on here Jim.
Oh god. Jesus. Oh speaking of that I do have some more here so just take a nap again. Okay. Hey I'm sorry but I mean if you want to you know jump right in now.
To shut you up. Jesus. Oh speaking of that I do have some more here so just take a nap again. Okay. Hey let's I'm sorry but I mean if you want to you know jump right in now to shut you up.
You don't think it's important that the election obviously appears to be stolen that there's plenty of evidence to prove it as if we didn't know that they're going to do it again.
So I think it's important. See once you see even Josh thinks it's important he's also bored by my reading the stories but he least he thinks it's important but it is important.
Once they could steal at the first time what makes you think that these good honest Christians wouldn't do it again.
Wouldn't screw us again. Well speaking of good honest Christians Georgia Evolution case heads to court.
School officials in suburban Cobb County are in court today to defend themselves against the lawsuit accusing the district of promoting religion by requiring that science textbooks warn students that evolution is a theory not a fact.
The trial in U.S. District Court's expected last at least four days. The lawsuit argues that the disclaimer restricts the teaching of evolution promotes the teaching of creationism and discriminates against particular religions.
Well as Anne Cooper says it's the Christian and Cudbury when you when you he's going to get with it okay all you Jews and atheists and agnostics and whatever you are.
Chmata heads. Although I do like to be used to campus work and you keep in mind Bob Jones will remind you that the warning in Christians hate the Catholics like poison.
County officials said they're warning in the form of stickers inserted in science books simply encourages students to keep an open mind warnings in stickers in science book the stickers read this textbook contains material evolution evolution is a theory not a fact regarding the origin of living things this material should be approached with an open mind study carefully and critically.
The lawsuit was fucking you believe that they're putting stickers in the science books that's comical the lawsuit was filed by six parents in the Georgia chapter the ACLU I'm a strong advocate for the separation of church in states and one of the parents Jeffrey Selman I have no problem with anybody religious beliefs I just want an adequate educational system not focus focus not the number jumbo although I do like a good gumbo the school board adopted this thing after three science texts adopted in 2002 were created.
It's criticized by some parents for presenting evolution is a fact more than 2000 people signed a petition opposing the biology text because they didn't discuss alternative theories including creationism.
A lawyer for Cobb County schools Linwood gun said the expected disclaimer will hold up in court he said the stickers improved the curriculum while also promoting an attitude of tolerance for those who have different religious beliefs sure they do.
The US Supreme Court ruled in 87 that creationism was a religious belief that could not be taught in public schools along with evolution.
In April the US district judge currents Cooper refused to dismiss the lawsuit saying the school district framers could have the effect of advancing or inhibiting religion.
The judge applied a test handed down by the US Supreme Court in 1971 in order to get the lawsuit dismissed the school board has to show the display was adopted with a secular purpose that its primary effect needs to be advances in or inhibits religion and that it doesn't result in excessive entanglement of government with religion.
Cooper said the school board satisfied him only on the first issue.
That's Georgia for you maybe don't forget that's why the version Mary keeps showing up on the side of that bank building in Kanye is Georgia.
That is correct and people are schlepping from all over America that's another thing the media dismisses that in fact again you have to look on the internet as Bush says the internet to get those stories you know.
The mainstream media doesn't touch the one cent a great while that the one of those like on a 60 minute show or like 2020 wants to the great while once it accoons age but generally speaking they don't want to touch that because they are scared like hell of the religion this man or the God squad for Jesus Christ is terrified of them.
You know something glossed over the scandal with Jen Paul Crutch.
Huh? They didn't make a big deal about that about his crotch.
Just glossed right over it. That's no big deal.
Whatever you say. More in doubt I love you more in.
I don't think I have time to read this to her. Yeah I do it short. Oh you're going to be pleased with that.
Miguel. Goody.
Marine Dowd Roves Revenge just how much did Carl Rove hate not being one of the cool guys in high school in the 60s and up to hat themes to Marshall the forces of darkness to take over the country. Oh yeah.
A supporter of Nixon against Kennedy at nine the teenage Carl wasn't his description a big nerd a small guy with a pocket protector briefcase in glasses almost as big as his head.
Even as a high school debater in Salt Lake City Roves just didn't want to be to win. He wanted to be opponents destroyed right James Moore and Wayne Slater and Bush's brain.
He would defeat them slaughter them and humiliate them. The boy geniuses W calls in the architect who helped him get the second term he dearly wanted to surpass his father is happy to crush the liberal elites inspired by Kennedy's new frontier under the seamroller of 19th century family values.
Like the president vice president defense secretary general Carl wanted to what Carl wanted to wipe out the gray it feels good to do it blame America first.
The president was just in Vietnam guilt 60s and turned the clock back to the black and white mannequin values of the 50s. W and Carl played up western movie stereotypes after 9-11 the rugged frontier myth a hundred Indian fighter hero of war in the civilization against savagery worked better than ever.
But this lighthouse frontier is not a place of infinite progress and expansion stretching societies boundaries it doesn't battle primitivism of course primitivism instead of the new frontier Carl and W offer the new back tier.
Even as a child I could feel the rush of the case presidency racing forward opening up a thrilling world of possibilities and modernity where we were going to the moon we were confronting racial intolerance we were paying any price and varying any burden for freedom we were respecting faith for keeping it out of politics our president was inspiring much of the world our first lady was sitting the patient style and culture.
W's presidency rushes backwards stifling possibilities during intolerance confusing church would state blowing off the world replacing science with religion and facts with faith where entering another dark age more creationist and cutting edge more pre-modern than postmodern instead of leading American reciting new reality the Bushes cocoon in a scary paranoid regressive reality their new health care plan probably be returned to leeches America's always had stains of isolationism nativeism show in his impure and his religious fanaticism but most of our leaders even our devout presence of tragic events.
The people who keep these impulses under control not this crew they don't call to our better angels they summon our nasty devils.
Jim may Carter won the evangelical vote in 7060 when in Ohio he combined his evangelical appeal with a call for social justice integrating a church in laboring for world peace with W appeal that votes most crab in securities the disparaging of each other the fear of those godless heathenist in the blue states have to get them in their families and the fear of scientific progress is with stem cell research.
When William Jennings Brian took up combating the fear of evolution he did it because he despised the social Darwinist who would use the theory to justify the survival of the fittest in capitalism.
Brian hated anything that justified economic system that crushed poor workers and farmers and he hated that the elites would claim they were scientific bases for keeping society divided and unequal.
The new way they evangelicals challenge science because they've been stirred up to object to social engineering on behalf of society's most vulnerable the poor the sixth is sexually different.
Yet the Bush conservatives do their own social engineering they thought they could toughen up the American character with the invasion of Iraq now they want to reshape the country on moral issues though their morality seems to allow them to run a campaign full of blatant distortions and character assassination and mislead the public about the war.
Back in 1994 Newt King would city wanted the government to mold the moral character of Americans and wipe out the remnants of our counter-crosher McGubberniks.
He got the rail but now he and his pious friends are back in full cry messing with our psyches and excluding themselves from the rules that they demand of this follow they'll eventually do themselves in but will they do us in first.
You've got more aim in spite of what McGubber said.
28 after 1 at 5.60 W.A.M. IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all aspects of your life they take a toll on you financially physically and emotionally you can never really forget about those IRS problems you wake up every morning in a cool sweat.
C.P.A.T.E. Buckwell and the Buckwell tax firm will help you and your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind too.
That's why other top C.P.A.T.E. law firms are further clients to the Buckwell tax firm when they have IRS problems.
One out of what potential criminal prosecution get all your unfile tax returns prepared even if he lost all your records.
Suppose you have an IRS lien, a wage letter, a payroll taxes and penalties, maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you owe and need time to pay whatever the deal with you the Buckwell tax firm can help.
They offer a free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from IRS harassment if not sooner.
Invest in all you never even have to meet with the IRS because the Buckwell tax firm handles all your meetings and discussions you don't even have to be there.
Call them today with the 10,000 or a million IRS taxes the Buckwell tax firm can help you out.
954-575-2800. That's 954-575-2800. Call today for your free consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedon.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking on that front door.
954-575-2800.
You're listening to new Rogers.
And exclusive to the Urban 560-8UAM.
You want that?
No, I don't think so.
If you can't give enough CSI, you need to get the sounds of CSI.
The only album with casual sound effects from the show.
Let this slow liquid drift of future flying organs.
And the squishy munching of squirming maggots gorging on human flesh.
But wait, there's more. The sounds of CSI also features the sharp-sickening crack of splintering bone as a bullet matches a hole in that human skull.
And the low-webbing foam from a little level blade is holding out the back of the head in a slow motion spatter of foam raisin blood.
If it sinks, leaks, leaks, leaks, leaks, new scuscious dribbles, you'll hear it on the sounds of CSI.
133.27-02. The Mad Dog will be along the tune out of the dolphins. They got a biweek next week or what?
Yep.
Really? Because I look on our schedule here. I don't see you going to get on Saturday.
I don't see any hurricanes playing Virginia. Wouldn't that be something to lose the them?
No.
Are they any good?
They're going to win.
Who's going to win?
Ram.
Is Virginia any good?
Yeah, they're ranked. So we'll win.
And Miami's going to win?
That's right.
No, it's a chance.
It's going to get their ass kicked.
And then the dolphins have a biweek.
When they play the week after that, you know?
Right.
Oh, no. Now there's another game that they should win. The Niders are terrible.
They could be. There were certainly in the bottom five teams in the league.
They're probably worse.
They suck. They couldn't win a fixed game.
But where is that game? Probably on a West Coast, right?
Yep.
Oh, like I said. 26-2. You'll like this story. Here's one Miguel will enjoy.
It's about suicide.
Listen up.
A 25-year-old man from Georgia who was apparently distraught over President Bush's reelection,
shot and killed himself at ground zero.
Andrew Veele's body was found Saturday morning inside the off-limit site since Steve Coleman,
a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York in New Jersey, a shotgun was found near Viva.
No suicide. No, it was found.
Very many people kill themselves with a shotgun.
That would be a Kurt Cobain, right?
Did he with a shotgun?
Yeah.
He's a little bit clumsy to me. I don't know. I guess if it works, whatever works for it.
Veele's mother said her son was upset about the result of the presidential election and driven in New York.
Gus Danesee, President of the Port Authority's Police Benevolent Association,
told in New York Times yesterday's edition.
Friends said Veele worked in a computer lab at the University of Georgia and was planning it married.
I'm absolutely sure it's a protest, Mary Ann Monney,
Veele's supervisor at the lab told the Daily News.
I don't know what made him commit suicide, but where he did it was symbolic.
His last words were,
I'm dying out of here!
Police were investigating how Veele under the former World Trade Center site,
which is protected by high fences known by the Port Authority.
Well, if they couldn't keep him out, I guess probably the terrorist probably takes some good lessons from that, too.
They're probably checking them out.
And they're incredible?
Yeah.
Now, I wasn't going to read this because I really don't want to get them to go all out there and shit.
They'd follow quite frankly schoolmagnets, you know who cares?
Yeah, who cares?
You just sit around and probably eat and pre-food.
Did they bring food in today?
Somebody?
Early, yeah, how is?
Who?
Oh, how is?
Well, that's good.
We love how is.
Now, take care of us.
They take very good care of all our friends at QA,
and even some people in the past that we didn't like very much.
Friends and enemies, because they don't discriminate how is their grade.
How's that going to be, over that the, whatever that place is?
Who?
Mike Whitney writes,
that's it.
Now you're starting to pick up on it.
Something going on with that, the whole deal, you know?
Something recourse that's skipping.
So, anyway, from Smirking Champ, I didn't know, it's short.
It's not like long and powder is like the other one that I didn't read all that well.
I've bumbled and fumbled, because when they're long, I said,
but I'm reading too fast like Rick Sanchez.
Bumble, boom, boom, boom, boom, like that.
Mike Whitney writes,
The Ohio Mandate.
See, I want to give, I mean, there's like 80-zillion articles,
maybe not that many, but at least-
It's not 30, man.
All over the internet about this fixed election.
It's not just paranoia or being a sore loser.
It's the idea that maybe just once in a while,
we'd like to see the Hockey counten right.
On Earth's James McGreely, she's making her farewell speech
for your generosity of spirit.
Bye-bye, sweetheart.
The former R. New Jersey governorate.
By the extraordinary manifestations of unconditional love,
compassion, and concern.
Listen, one thing I'd like to say to you before you leave.
Okay.
See, in America, it's a big deal.
Anyplace else I can assimilize country nobody would care,
but a statistical analysis that has been done,
it shows on several swing states,
and an air-restate that has evoting the no-paper trails,
that the state turtles have an unexplained advantage
for bush of around plus 5% when comparing exit polls
to the actual results of voting.
In every state that has pay-for-autotrails on their evoting,
the exit polls results match the actual results reported
within the margin of error.
So we have matching results for exit polls
versus voting with audits versus a 5% unexplained bush advantage
without audits.
Rigged?
You bet it was rigged.
Only a few days have passed, and already the results
of election 2004 are beginning to stink like
Quattro's business on the front lawn.
The associated precedent mentioned that nearly 4,000 extra votes
were delivered to George Bush and Franklin County, Ohio,
where only 638 voters voted, is just the tip of the iceberg.
That is, of course, unless you believe that the Bush administration
is suddenly diverged from its well-documented pattern of lying,
cheating and obfuscating in every opportunity.
I suppose that is a possibility, although not a very likely one.
And please, spare me that crack-top notion that 8 million
more fundamentalist Christians descended from their mountain
of hideaways to file a vote for Bush, the Under.
That absurd notions, max of Carl Roven,
is smoke and mirrors public relations team in the media.
Of course, they got an excuse.
They always have an excuse.
This one, however, is especially lame with the suggestion
that more of the new registrations, 8 of the 15 million,
were filed for the warm-mongering deficit-generating
torture-inducing Bush rather than his opponent.
How likely is that?
Sounds more like a well-prepared narrative to rationalize voter fraud.
But don't take my word for it.
Let's just allow the experts access to the voting machines,
then we'll find out who's really telling the truth.
Black box voting, Bev Harris claims she has hard evidence,
documents obtained in public records, requests,
inside information and other data,
indicative of manipulation of electronic voting systems
and that legal action is forthcoming.
Franklin County is just the beginning.
Franklin's result simply indicates that the program has got sloppy
because they want a greater pressure from surge in new registrations.
Many of their counties have a lot of doubt
that they expose the same conspicuous discrepancies.
Let's take a look.
And forget about this rubber set the exit polling was incorrect.
Yet the polls were incorrect in the states Bush needed to win,
otherwise they were dead on.
Why else would the media be scrabbling to change the polls
they provided earlier on election night?
Why would they care? It's all history?
They care because they don't want the average American
to draw the same conclusions that any reasonable person
will take by looking at the numbers and trends.
It's a massive cover-up and again,
sloppily executed.
The significance of Franklin County is this.
It is just one or perhaps 60 precincts in a district that's perhaps
one of 50 districts in a county that is perhaps one of 50 counties
in the state.
Get it? Just a superficial investigation could very easily evaporate
Mr. Bush's Negro 136,000 vote mandate to wage war on the world
and continue dismantling the last 100 years of progressive legislation.
Carl Rose, genius, was to anticipate that he had to manufacture
a win in the popular votes to fend off investigations
in the individual states.
Accordingly, those states turned out to be the very ones
where the exit polls in the vote totals just don't match up.
Very clever about how well did he hide his tracks,
not very well in Franklin County.
We shouldn't expect this to be like Florida in 2000.
Even a Christmas investigation will show real discrepancies
between the traditional voting patterns and the actual votes cast
I guarantee it.
That's why the Republican strategy is entirely predictable,
stolen while the investigation discredits the campaign
to investigate,
regrettably that's what Republicans do best.
I mean, while the media is like,
there's a show of operation.
What is it again?
Fallujah Freedom? What is that?
I forgot already.
Yeah, see, you forgot already.
Operation Wing Tip Murder Slotter, the evil dude,
who is a lever in hell or callin'.
What a disaster.
And you notice here we are six days from the election.
They had to put this off until, like I said, after the election
because a lot of dead American bodies and bloodshed
and reminded that we've got chaos over there.
That's not good for business during the election,
but that's going on.
But now that the fix was in and we've got four more years
to do the neocon agenda, man.
You ain't seen nothin' yet.
That's one thing I promise you.
If you think it's going to be kinder in general,
you ain't seen nothin' yet.
141, 1902.
What am I gettin' so whipped up about?
I'm done.
Nobody cares.
What I do.
So as long as I care, that's somethin'.
Plus I'm away from it anyway.
It's getting kinda cloudy and murky.
I think God's gettin' like really bad luck.
He's starting to get really bad luck to shape about this.
Hey, it's that time of the year again.
The snowbirds and relatives are gonna be pouring down
from the north of the wintertime.
It's starting to get pretty damn chilly here, right?
Well, this winter, why not give them something special?
A great night's sleep on a new mattress from dial amatrus.
That's right, they carry the complete line of bedding
from the top names you know and love.
Seely and serda, Simmons, King Coral,
Temporpete, Experienz, and Foster Hewitt.
Call 1-800-Matrus right now and save up to an initial 20% off.
They're already super low factory direct prices on select models.
Call that number right now and choose the day and time for your delivery
within any 12-windows seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night.
In other words, any 12-windows that's convenient for you
when you're gonna be home.
I've been using dial amatrus for years.
Most of the other folks are QM doing the same because they know that with low prices,
same day delivery, pre-settlement removal, it's easy to see
why dial amatrus is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction
and even receive the prestigious or is that prestigious,
better business bureau is towards your excellent subordinate.
Call if they toll free.
They'll be not going on your door in no time at all.
Take it away, the crappy old smelly bedding, and set up a great new bed for you.
1-800-Matrus on website at smatrus.com
or make that call right now 1-800-MATTRES.
You will see it in the new world in the new Rogers.
Exclusively unvaccinated in the new game.
Holy and the banana republic, baby.
Holy and my any.
We enter up this program to bring you breaking news.
St. Del Castro and communism have fallen in Cuba.
Our microphones were there to capture this historic moment.
Gracias, gracias, adios.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I enjoyed how much I've heard we don't know her colleague Aaron Brown said at some other point in the long night referring to how nobody was jumping the electoral gun on the States. We're not ashamed to say that. Yeah, so where was that sense of shame over the past four years? Where was the circumspection, the liberation and responsible reporting after Americans went to the polls in 2000? Instead of waving the flag and waving the freedom to criticize the self-styled war president, the media should have been asking the questions that needed asking, but no. They suited up and counted down to a dubious and disastrous war in Iraq, whereas many as a hundred thousands of Indians have been
liberated from this mortal coil, and where American kids are killed for one of armored humbys, which makes that out of the gorgeous blonde driving a Sunday school in a Hummer, where the cool kids cool nice ride, all the more obscene. The fans all about the bottom line, not the public interest. That's why so much of the coverage of the presidential campaign focused on trivia, the polls, the ads, how are Dean's screen? You already outmarried Chinese being out of his alesby and nausea, nausea, nausea, instead of really, she's such as the economy, the environment, education, healthcare, and oh, yes, that mess in Iraq.
Even the reporters have brought us all this millytainment in the past few years, admit that their work has come up short, at least a quaint last month's survey of its members by the Committee of Concerned Journalists. That's assuming that the Wolf-Bloodsters and Tim Russell's are Concerned Journalists, of course. So now what?
Now that the Democrats have finally shaken off the shackles of patriotic correctness, will they keep screaming?
And will the mainstream media give progressives into centers the microphone they've been denied since these closed tainswift through the heart and fearful heartland of America? Don't count on it.
After all 9-11 has faded so far from the conversation, except when exploited for political purposes, that the media glossed over the report of the special inquiry that pushed into one of a point.
Iraq is so dangerous that the few Western reporters remain there rarely venture out of their fortified Baghdad compounds to do their jobs, and when the media actually produced tough journalism, such as last month's late breaker on the eluded explosives, they're attacked by the right for being liberal.
Make no mistake, liberals, whether they're pro-choice grannies or be re-fathers of the casualties in Iraq, will continue to be the enemy and Bush will keep using his get-out-the-criticism jail-record.
That despite vanity fair media critic Michael Wolf's accurate observation last month, that all modern era second-termers get at least the semi-bums rush, fenton was impeached, Teflon Reagan was besmirched, Nixon was thrown out of office.
The wolf is wrong when he posits that the mainstream media will demonize Bush, he can't possibly believe that the Rush Limbaugh's, the Tucker Carlson's and Bill O'Reilly's will now turn on their guy.
And if he thinks that the more moderate talking heads on CNN and MSNBC will now ask the questions that must be asked, I want some of the drugs he's on.
That's because the right estate and its grip on the White House, the Congress and the Senate.
And as for the media, well the right is already headed by the throat.
As Joe Connison wrote in his big lies, the right-wing propaganda machine and how it distorts the truth, conservatives enjoy their virtual monopoly over the nation's political conversation, of course, they pay a lot of money for it and they intend to keep it.
The other day CNN's Bill Heimer actually news about liberalism being dead in the U.S., never buying the 55 million voters chose John Kerry, or that just about every survey conducted over the past 10 years indicates that Americans overwhelmingly support such liberal concepts as universal health care.
Already the media are throwing caution to the winds conducting an autopsy on liberalism, but reports of his death are like calling a close race before the ballots are counted premature.
More to the point, if they seriously think that liberalism is dead and they're looking for the killer, they should be looking to themselves.
She's pretty good little Antoram in the Toronto story.
I love that. I love the impact you see in that everywhere now, the map, the United States of Canada, all the blue states move on up.
Come on up, eh? Have it a great time.
Counselor churches said God has no place in U.S. politics.
You know about that liberal pincoe of counsel churches, don't you?
You don't know the counsel churches. What do you know anyway besides PDL Castro?
What do you know and the fact that you voted for Kerry? Hey, I want to say very proudly I've got my financial guy who was a bush supporter and watched his bill or Riley.
He told me that I convinced him to vote for Kerry. How do you like that?
Did a lot of good. I think you're pardoned? No, no, I'm.
And you voted? I did. Yeah, and the girl voted for Kerry.
And me and you know whose fault it is, don't you know that I want to pick on him when he's not there today? He's got a day off.
Is George, he can't vote. Nope. Banana voter.
God has no place in politics and should not have been used by churches in the U.S. to influence the presidential election of counsel representing 342 Christian groups around the world be saying.
The World Council of Churches told U.S. Member churches in the letter they should not ask who side God was on in an election, but only offer a moral and spiritual compass for their community, the nation in the world.
The letter by W.C.C. General Secretary General Reverend Samuel Cobia tried in some U.S. churches for presenting God in partisan terms.
Preachers in some U.S. churches mostly among conservative evangelical Protestants, but also some Catholics made clear during the campaign they preferred President Bush over his Democratic challenger, Senator John Kerry, that baby killer.
U.S. experts said that Bush's Republican party had made an unprecedented effort to court church-going voters and that some churches have played a new role in the election by closely twin politics and religion, no Schmitt.
An analyst of the votes said Bush-builders election went on a coalition of older white church-goers and a race where voters are more likely to cite morality as their top concern than the war on terror.
Cobia said many people around the world had watched in recent months with great interest how churches shape a powerful nation stance through the world.
The harsh pains that make most of the headlines that invoke the judgment of a partisan God have provoked deep concern around the world he wrote.
We don't ask who side God was on in this election, rather than like Abraham Lincoln, a confedinate divisive war, we seek to be found on God's side, which I think John Kerry used that quote and sent exactly the same words on positive.
The Geneva-based WCC joined 342 churches from other 20 countries in all Christian traditions by the Roman Catholic Church.
It took no stand on U.S. candidates, both of whom stressed their Christian faiths of voters and West United States God's grace and peace.
Who's the most godly, okay? Who's most compelled by the spirit of Christ? That's the question, okay? Who can be the out-Jesus one? That's the question of America, all right?
A Christian nation indeed, and it is. I think it is now. I think that Big Handcourt has got a point.
153-560, don't you think? Absolutely.
The red states are a Christian nation, and if they would like to succeed and have their own way, war power to them. I don't want any part of them.
I don't want nothing to do with the red states, the people who live in them, the animals that hang around in them. I don't want nothing to do with the freaking red states.
If you want something to do with low carb diet, in other words, if you're a fat, as a cow, you're desperately trying to lose that weight again, whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins, the Sugar Busters, the South Beach, or any of a myriad of low carb sugar-free diets out there.
Here's a story you will fall in love with. The lights of West Boka, because the entire store is dedicated to your needs.
In fact, the lights has always been since the day they opened the number one low carb store in South Florida.
If you want people to wait on you who really know low carb diet, you can send it out. If you want an unbelievable selection and unbeatable prices,
come to the low carb headquarters, the lights of West Boka, where you'll find over 1200 great products with lots of taste, things like carbolite ice cream, bread, pasta, chocolate, bounded cookies, and lots more, things that will keep you on the street and their raw fat.
The lights is open every day, the week, seven days, from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glaze in 441 right next to the prestigious Boston Market.
Or call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb. That's what they W. Everything in America now has to have a W. Low Carb run a web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one de-lights of West Boka and it's your official Atkins retail center, Rest in Peace.
Your seems a meal, Rogers.
Rest in Peace, my second guest is at 8 a.m.
Death Bush, my doctor, my own!
I'm right.
There he was, just a walkin' on the sea saying,
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
He's a man from the land of Galileo, he's saying,
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
He's good, he's good, he's bad, he's bad, he's good, he's bad, he's bad, he's bad, he's bad, he's bad, he's just water and you want.
The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singing,
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
The mind I gonna sing, and the dumb I gonna sing,
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
He left on, walked on, who my dog, my dog, walked on, who my dog, then he cured a lepershler.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, some say he's the son of God.
Yes, they do, but there's other people to get so out.
Now he's the reason that we have any sedation,
And do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
And he's the reason that all the Christians praise him,
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
He praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down,
Praise him, kneel down, a man from War of Gordy Crown,
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
Do I did it, did it, dumb did it, do?
Do I did it, did it, do?
He is the Daniel, don't leave me and raise me.
I was the meal of a Song 리o Crayola.
You never use tantrums in stone.
But my image of isolation is of credo.
And it's how I jim managed to take a shower.
Oh!
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
