That's a real sport for real men.
Oh!
We are sports radio by C.P.
WQ AM by Haley Ford.
And by the way, what's that thing they use in badminton, Georgia?
Shuttle f***ing it.
Cable and rape you.
All right.
Oh, if you're on the radio, you're not a huge risk range.
No, the Neo-Colton government control your fate.
No use of fantasy now.
Stop the fight now.
We should go back.
They take you such a fight as short things are facts.
You give the things you they want.
They're all against how to say that.
And you're not very public in all the Christmas.
They would say on the air we consider nothing.
Don't put the present in doubt.
And we'll head back to Georgia.
Just find the money.
Now that's back from my back.
You give the things you they want.
Oh!
You can't say that.
They're making a dream.
With that print to the door to fall.
For the FTC.
With body will get,
And take your life in the way.
For the whole thing,
No, the Neo-Colton government control your fate.
For I could have my radio to be destroyed.
The trouble's taken now.
And I can't have the X-F-4 Y-C-L-E-G-O-Con act.
You give the picture they want.
No, you can't say that.
Yeah, you can't say no.
No, no, that's for damn sure.
I don't sure.
102560 WQM Happy Thursday to him.
Man, it is a heat wave here in Toronto.
I'll tell you that right now.
That's for Castanola who wants here.
That's Toronto weather.
Man, it is already 52.
Gonna be like 56 today.
Huh?
Steven.
Fried eggs on the sidewalk.
Gonna be sunny this afternoon at 56.
As in Q56, what's not to like about that?
Especially when it's been colder than a witch's...
...for a long time.
Anyway, bad news to start.
Get this out of the way right at the beginning.
A US soldier died in a bomb blast north of Baghdad today amid warnings that attacks will likely increase with fewer than 100 days left before the coalition hands over Sovereignty.
Yesterday, a battle with insurgents left for an American soldier and three rebels dead.
So two American soldiers to add to your tally, those who are keeping track.
Since the media quite frankly don't really care that much, no mo.
Don't even make the news anymore.
No, it's just on the crawl.
I see.
That was quite a poignant thing in that testimony yesterday about the American public and the Apollo.
It's only a wake up when people start coming home and body bags and there's a body back out or when there are a bunch of Americans killed like a 9-11 and there's a big body back count.
Then all of a sudden everybody says, oh, what are we gonna do about this?
Something bad's going on, things like that.
Anyway, here's our poll result from yesterday.
Who we got on the beaded curtain today?
Paul Barbiere, which we'll get to that momentarily.
The lovely Paul Barbiere who was born no less in Panama City, Florida.
Honey, like that.
See, you learned something already.
The show's not even five minutes old yet.
Who says this is an educational show?
No more letters to the editor today about that front page story Saturday in a sunsend.
About freedom of speech is dead.
So I guess it wasn't that important.
Was it?
I'm sorry for getting carried away.
Although we do have a letter to the editor about the mess that the kids make during spring break.
I'll get to that.
That's just, that's just, it just hears my kishties out because the overwhelming majority of people who write letters to the editor and I'll never do it again because they never published my letter anyway.
The overwhelming majority are people over the age of 90 and they also have one other thing.
I have no line.
That's it.
No, no, that's their motto.
Yeah.
People that sit around writing letters to the editor in newspapers, they just, they need to have a billboard right in front of their house saying,
I have no line.
Right. And by the way, I'm getting tired looking at that billboard.
Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail?
We asked yesterday and look at that.
You were right on top of this.
Two thousand one hundred eighty eight votes.
Rush Limbaugh, the rush master, the pill popper, the hypocrite, the phony baloney, the liar.
Rush Limbaugh seven hundred nine.
Boy, he pulled away and just devanted down the stretch like secretary in the Belmont.
He was fast for a fat man.
Seven oh nine.
What is not as fast as he used to be?
Well, what?
And now that his hearing has restored a little bit since he stopped popping a oxy, he thought he heard footsteps coming.
So he started running like crazy.
Michael Jackson, 481.
He made a nice move there.
Kenny Lee, right on Michael's butt, 465.
I want to thought, can you just even conjure that up?
Don't think about it, folks.
I'm sorry.
I said that.
I apologize.
Jason Williams, 121 is a matter of fact.
Guess what they have on court TV right now.
Guess what, Trial?
I'll give you a hundred guesses what it is.
Sure, I'm going to take one.
Who is the Williams S1?
Oh, and I better not put that on there because in those trials, you know, they don't believe anything on court TV.
And since it's kind of a heated trial and there's certain kind of jock mentality, they might say, yeah, since they're doing jock.
Jason Williams, 121.
Whatever happened to his spots by the way, I missed those badly.
Not Martha Stewart, 107.
Miriam elephant made a nice move.
Nice, and even a 100 votes from Miriam.
You go, girl.
Far away, please.
Soon.
Kobe Bryant, 76.
Bob Novak, 52, the anxious one.
Robert Blake, 47.
Lee Poor Bobby alone, OK.
The bitch had it coming.
Todd Bertuzzi and Phil Spector tied for last place, pulled them up the ass end.
They had 15 votes.
A piece.
Out of almost 2200 votes.
Now, boy, it's a miracle that I'm here talking to you know, because I lay there at bed.
I slept for an extra 45 minutes this morning between the cold and the out.
That bugs and my scratchy throat, you know, and just I just I think I've worked my way through this cold.
I dodged the bullet, but didn't dodge the bed bugs or the dust mites.
Let's do a show on dust mites.
All right.
Now, we talked about it before.
What's what's the use of going to call it say the same crap about avoiding the sheets and vacuuming the carpeting and all of these things.
All of these things.
You know, I don't think most people even know that dust mites exist.
But when you either embed and you feel like itchy and whatever,
and then you wake up in the morning and word me.
Now, you have like little bumps.
I have like scratches.
And when I go on vacation in Europe, of course, in those hotels they change,
they actually change a little bit about once there be how many years.
About third man.
So they're just notorious for those things.
Dust mites.
And so you've got scratches.
You wake up at the morning and you got like, it looks like you've been attacked by the killer mites.
But I end up going online and you read about it.
You've got to do this and you've got to do that.
And we've talked about the film blue and the face and scratched on the arm,
but it should be my biggest problem.
Paula Barbieri is on our beaded curtain today.
If you're over the age of 100, you have special permission from Nischio,
special dispensation from...
NIO GOD!
Look at that picture very briefly though.
Keep your hands above the table at all times.
Paula Barbieri, she was born December 31st, 1966,
which makes her 37.
Born in Panama City, Florida.
Post for Playboy October 94.
That's funny because it says, and the IMDV says,
in parentheses, show more.
I think what they're talking about is show more trivia.
Show more.
Night Eyes 4, 1996.
Dr. Angela Cross, aka Midnight Hour.
AKA Night Eyes, fatal passion.
Misery Brothers, in 95.
Red shoe diaries, 95.
And the dangerous in 94.
Not exactly as Zidian appearances,
but nevertheless, there she is and looking just fine.
Paula Barbieri on the beaded curtain.
What?
You didn't mention what she's most famous for.
And what's that?
OJ.
OJ, do we have to?
Do we have to?
I was feeling so good.
I dodged the bullet on this cold.
I just have a few little scratches from the dust mites.
And now you've got to mention...
Oh, man!
...the unmancatable one to ruin our Thursday morning.
Let's put a ball game on up, as George ruined the day.
Don't do that again.
Let's go home.
Well, this will cheer you up.
This will put...
Come in to QAIM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, guy.
I'm an exterminator.
Been doing it a long time.
Right.
And bedbugs are back.
I mean, I'm talking parasitic little insects that come out and suck your freaking blood while you're sleeping.
Yeah.
Maybe that's what you had over there.
But I mean, I'm finding them...
But how do you know the difference between dust mites and bedbugs?
A bedbug is about the size of a fingernail.
So you can actually see a bedbug?
Oh, you can see it and feel it.
And when you squash it, it puts out this really nasty smell.
Now, these are dust mites.
What do you do for dust mites?
Well, wash your sheets, man.
You really don't want to put the buckle down unless you have to.
Okay.
I thought you were billboard.
All right.
You're on the one.
Thanks a lot, pal.
And by the way, get to QAIM.
We need a lot of exterminating over there, in case my drift.
Oh, yeah.
And by the way, speaking of that, I want to totally change this subject for a moment before I put a smile on your post with a really cute story.
It's a disgusting but cute story.
And that is a tip of the morning hat to my good post-personal friend, Moe Howard David.
Absolutely.
I don't know what to make of him.
You know what?
He's just such a pile of crap.
But this morning, Georgian counters him in the tea room.
Can we still say tea room in the bathroom?
And he says what do you say?
You got him on the disc.
Good morning and say hi to Neil for me.
And he said it like seriously?
Yeah, seriously.
My main man.
Did he say to my main man, Neil?
No, I just said hi to Neil for me.
Well, wasn't that nice?
See, he's trying.
I've told you this for two years now.
I don't think he wants to be hated.
I think where there's no sense there's no feeling in that regard.
But there's a little part of him that I'm telling you.
Maybe the only one in the whole building that senses it.
But there's a little piece of him.
And I'm not talking about that piece on his head.
There's a little piece of him that's like, you know, I don't know what to say.
And you really want to like it.
You know, if we could just separate it from the rest of him, which is just garbage.
But he says, you know, good luck to him, oh, take care of yourself.
I'm listening.
I know that's why I'm talking.
Uh, poor Moe.
He just, uh, I don't know.
I'll say one thing.
He and I, we never give up.
I'm like him and Joe Rose, the, um, squarehead man.
They just, uh, they got a thing that ain't never going to like kiss and make up someday.
You think?
Well, I want to be there to see that.
Hey, anything's possible.
Man charged with spitting on cops burger.
Now I, uh, we haven't asked yet and I could ask.
Oh, what?
What's wrong with that?
What do I start?
There is nothing wrong with that unless it's on a cops burger or unless you're on the receiving end.
California.
A Rio Rancho teenager was arrested for allegedly spitting into a hamburger purchased by a police officer.
Not a good idea.
No.
If happened at a burger king drive through it highway 528 in Corralas, road, the officers says he got more than he asked for with his meal.
He starts to bite into his food.
Notice is something wrong with this food said officer John Francis of Rio Rancho Department of Public Safety.
No relation to Emil Francis or Ron Francis, who by the way, stinks.
A police say the officer opened his bun and discovered someone had spit on his burger.
Or officers arrested 19 year old Marcus Calderone, beater and charged him with assaulting a police officer in altering food.
Both are misderminers.
I'm referring to it nicely as spit.
Listen, it was a little more than that.
It's very sickening to think about said Francis.
In other words, a big Louie.
Yes.
The Burger King franchise is just as upset though the owner and manager would not do an ob-caper interview.
They tell Channel 4 in LA that they've never written this is in LA.
Where's this?
I don't know, but it's somewhere in the West Coast.
Oh, it's New Mexico.
It's not California.
It's New Mexico.
They tell I wouldn't this news for.
They've never had an incident like this before.
Well, not tolerate since behavior.
We won't tolerate it.
You're fired to did.
The manager says all other employees of the restaurant are upstanding clean and courteous and of course Calderone was fired to did.
The teenager did provide blood and saliva samples to police in order to be tested for hepatitis and HIV.
We treat this very seriously said Francis.
If anybody does this to any of our officers or any members of the general public and we find out about it, you go to jail.
You be going to jail.
Calderone remained in jail Sunday night on $2,000 bond.
And the officer involved is still waiting for test results on his health.
That is disgusting man.
That takes me back to my early days on radio at KAT in Miami.
Years ago, he will or fear told me you're working in the kitchen at a restaurant the way he got even with a white man was spitting in the soup.
He said it was very common in those days in those days in the day.
1013 at 560 WQM if you were at a dead end job like maybe working behind a counter spitting in the soup that ain't the way to go through life.
If you're underpaid and overworked if you're running around saying I have no life.
Maybe you'd like to get yourself out of that rut.
If you'd like to get a new high paying career but you don't have the cash of the four years of your life to waste on going to college, here's the answer for you.
You can make one simple phone call.
I think you can handle that.
866 fast train because these people that have your train insertified for a high paying computer network professional career and they can do it in a short time as four months.
It's Sunday in the March so let's see April, May, Hun, Julio.
You can be trained already by like City, Indigely, August or whatever.
Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule too.
Fast train offers you job placement assistance and even financial aid for people who qualify.
Fast trains got seven convenient floor locations so you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out there's probably one nearby you.
So don't delay one more day.
Okay, get off your lazy ass.
Get out of your rut.
Say goodbye to your nickel and dime job and your horse ball boss.
Can I say horse into your horse boss and check out fast train.
This could be the answer you've been looking forward to turn your life around and get you a big fat juicy paycheck.
Call them today.
Check them out on the web first at fast train.com.
Get more info and then make that call a can turn your life around.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
My life and local.
Fixes for 305-60.
You ain't too late.
No, Neil Rogers.
New and improved baby.
Baby, tell the sea that we're lacking in the pool.
They broke out ahead like that.
We'll be you by the snow.
What can I say?
New and chance to.
You say it's the one again.
Now they have only one big shader head.
Don't forget about your car.
We got it.
That way we'll hook you and save you.
We got it.
They won't attack us though.
We got it.
Where is the horse?
I can't.
You say 9-11 is what they got you to do to me.
Can't get any government that'll own party car.
You believe what they say.
Like they're gone.
Like they're full of love.
As they use their names.
They're scary and stay to the core.
They're too.
Well, they are left chillin' off.
We got it.
Pushes out and came.
We got it.
Get them on your knees.
We got them.
You're alive.
We got them.
10-19.
You never know what to look at.
But you sure as a little genius that Boca Brian.
He keeps it on the inside.
And I'll be saying it again.
You never know what to look at him.
Anyway, one of the most thrilling moments of my life.
Yesterday I put on the CNN there.
The audio from Richard Clark's testimony in front of the 9-11 commission.
And I'm diddling around looking at the results and stop FCC.com.
Which by the way, right now 96,428 signatures.
We're getting very close to 100,000.
Nice go on Scott.
Wherever you are.
And Florida's got 11,725 right now.
So 275 today will get to 12,000.
We can do that, right?
Sure.
I gotta keep prodding him, of course.
But 275, we should do that by 2 o'clock.
Otherwise, I'm out.
But anyway, so I see on there a name.
In fact, I wrote it down here.
So Robert, I won't use the last name of anybody.
Robert from Canada, they would New York.
All right.
Is that incredible or what?
Why is that incredible?
Because that's my hometown, man.
That's where I went to high school.
That's gotta be one good person still.
Canada, there's literally a good white people in Canada, they would New York.
What's wrong with you, man?
Food.
Anyway.
Here's our poll question today.
Sorry to be pedantic, Steve.
Thanks very much, Steve.
Anybody's got any good poll questions?
I mean, Sean and Hollywood's done some really good ones for us, but he's run dry lately.
But Steve may have filled the breach yesterday.
He came up with this one, suggesting for a poll.
I think it's great, don't you?
It is great.
There'll be an endless list of people on this poll today.
Which of the...
I'll let's see the way I worded it.
Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the absolute ugliest?
Okay?
Now, we don't wanna hear you when you call in.
I got 30 or 40 ugly people for you, including you, Neil.
Not that allegedly beautiful.
What?
The question is, who's ugly?
Name some ugly people.
Man, I'll tell you one thing.
Here at QIM.
This is ugly.
The whole building is really this may be the ugliest radio station I've ever worked in my life.
I'll just take out the mail.
If you take out Miguel and Josh Cordister, the lovely Josh.
You still look out there and he does now, but since he started the show, he ain't looking too good no more.
But who else are we got that looks even human?
I'll tell you who's like human looking Dave Hagen.
Dave's okay.
He's a good looking guy.
Is he?
Sure.
He's that mean human.
I wouldn't say he's a great.
Yeah, I don't want you to carry away.
I don't know what his hair is doing on that particular thing.
I see it.
And who else are we got that looks like a human being?
We're talking just QAM and not power, right?
No, the whole building.
Oh, the whole building?
Anybody...
We don't have any good looking people with power 96.
You out of your mind?
Oh, we got Carolyn.
Oh, Carolyn.
Oh, I forgot all about Carolyn.
Well, of course, somebody tried to get her a can once upon a time.
But that's water over the bridge, isn't it?
Absolutely.
Yeah, Carolyn is lovely Carolyn, although.
And of course, freaky carlos, don't forget that thing.
Lovely.
No, it's just kind of an ugly building.
Our sales department?
Ugly.
What?
I mean, in every definition of the word, they are ugly.
Anyway, let's get back to this and quit with QAM stuff.
Okay?
It's just one of those things.
That's why we're all...
We all got a face for radio.
Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the...
Absolute ugliest.
Here's the short list we got so far.
And we can open up this poll anytime Eric feels like it.
That'll get us off your ass, Eric.
And you can go about your business.
Eric's been spectacularly.
He's been sensational.
He's got Paul Barbiere up there on the behind-the-beaten curtain.
If you're older than the Thusler, then you qualify.
You have to have 25 forms of ID.
And also a parental note from a parent.
Which you've rolled of them, the Thusler.
I hope they left it in their will.
Perish Hilton.
Now you only Campbell.
Fabio, that's the one I put on here.
If there's anybody who really believes that Fabio is a good one guy.
I mean, that just makes me want to get on the floor and vomit for hours.
All those Oprah women.
Oh my goodness.
If that is somebody's idea of a good looking girl in the movie, I mean, what is that?
What is that thing?
They all want them.
They can have them.
Tom Cruise, JLo, which I'm surprised that you put that on there.
Did you put it on there?
Did you put it on there?
Oh no, it's from the Fax.
Steven put it on there.
Yeah, good choice.
I don't think she is.
She's ugly.
She's got a big ass.
And Sarah Jessica Parker, which was Georgia's show.
I got to say it right.
Sarah Jessica Parker.
How I always said it.
Now what did she have to do with the, who were you talking about before with somebody?
Kujo.
I mean, a Kujo.
Oh, she's his fashion plate.
She's the horse face scarecrow herde.
Oh man.
Wimping.
Thanks so much to NBC for putting that bag on here.
Nothing like a real nasty stereotype to really make America understand it.
Oh, brother.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
Why?
I only have one question to ask about that thing.
Why?
I'd rather a freaky Carlos on there to represent these so-called gay community than that thing,
whatever it is.
What's its name?
Kujo, Kujo.
Kujo.
Kujo, my ass.
Anyway.
Here's some more good news for you.
See, not everything is so negative.
You get to ram-treat like brighten it up a little bit, even though I've got like my scratches
on my armor.
Seriously, this, the dust might thing is very annoying.
Yeah.
And I don't think most people are really a hip to it, you know?
Maybe some old parts, like the person that wrote this letter to the editor in the sunset,
and I'm going to read in just a moment here.
Bush plunges in daily tracking pool.
Oh.
Yeah, see, now that people are really discovering what a liar here is.
Oh, and how about that condolese just go into a sniff fit last night?
Wow.
She just had, she was spurtin' like the firebreath and dragon man's spurtin' blood from her
nostrils.
She was just foaming at them out.
Mm-hmm.
Steve, what up bitch, man?
She is nasty and dumb, Dr. Rice, of course, to you.
Mm-hmm.
Bush plunges in daily tracking pool.
The latest Rasmussen reports presidential tracking pool shows, Senator John Kerry at 47%,
President W. at 44, a big change after Bush have been leading Kerry for seven straight days.
And I think that not just the testimony of Dick Clark, but all of these people, the book by Paul O'Neill,
when the public starts putting this together in their mind, saying, hey, all of these people,
and they were Republicans, number two, they worked inside the administration, and number three, I mean, they can't all be liars.
They can't all be just trying to pedal some book.
And let me say it again, the administration based on supposed security reasons, they want to classify material in the book.
They held up its publication for four months.
And maybe that's what they also had in mind.
They knew he was going to publish it anyway, so they figured, well, if we hold it up till right before the campaign starts,
then we can always, that'll be another one of the attack points when we let the attack dogs out, like they had the last two days.
Man, they have, they have done everything except call him an axe murder, you know what?
Because he's telling the truth.
Oh, you can't do that!
I thought we just played a big call.
You can't do that, you can't say that, you can't do that, you can't do anything.
No, no.
1026 at 560, here's what you can do, save a hell of a lot of cash on that great new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
They're on US 1, just 20 minutes off to the A36 and believe me, it's well worth the drive because Armstrong's is going to save you thousands,
not just a few bucks, but thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great least deals waiting for it Armstrong's right now.
An O4 Camry or 4Runner for just 269 a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 Highlander for just a 309 a month?
Need a truck? How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America?
You pay only 179 bucks a month for 48 months.
These are just some of the unbeatable savings we're on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
And now with the toll increases on the turnpike for people's using cash,
Armstrong's going to give you a free subpass when you buy your new car truck there.
General manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a brand new great spank in Toyota today.
So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference.
Locally owned and operated a committed to 100% customer satisfaction to their service department even be open late to late.
We'd nice to make sure they get your service work done and done an appronto conveniently located at US one and two 93rd and homestead just 20 minutes out of the 836.
So hop on down there. Don't waste your time at the big mega dealers or car giants who always seem to do the same old thing.
They over-promised under deliver and get some of their dealership under some fully pretentious and lie.
Do the smart thing talk to David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead call them a 305242 30247 at Tomat Cranky O'Neill.
According to call 305 242 30247.
Drive a little and save a lot on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
I'm not sure about this one.
I'm doing her that's right just about every day and night cause Fritney's young and tight and he's easy to come home.
I waited in this meet she finally give it to me now just like in her songs I can hear her moan.
I've been dating her since we were four it ain't no lie I was the first to go through that door it's come by by by.
Before time everybody knew we're two and it like funny story or two.
I hate to tell you her virginity has come by by by.
I was wrong with that.
It took a long ages there a couple of times right along the edge but I was just fine.
I was a little nervous now this you know before I go say anything else this story I interrupted myself with this 14 year old kid or 16 in Not Your How old he is they say he's like slightly retarded and he's like the IQ of a 12 year old.
This Palestinian kid near the checkpoint at Nambless yesterday and he had was had the explosive strike to his body and he's standing there and he thought well maybe this ends up a good idea.
And so they had the little robotic thing bring the scissors over to him did you notice that yeah the robot bomb right right the robot made it by the way it was a Jewish robot.
And he used this as isn't cut to thing and it was just when they when they took the kid out of the truck did you see that yes and the soldiers these really soldiers put their hand on his shoulder and looked in like you know what's what is this all about you know and like he didn't have any idea this is this is the state of the world today boys and kids.
And girls that story right there. That's where it's at right there religious hate this one hates this one that one hates that one this one is a full of crap this one wants to kill all of all of fill into black yeah whatever it is this is madness man.
I mean at least here was the story with the acceptable ending anyway.
Although probably Ariel Sharon figures well you know at least they should have they should have blown him away right there because sooner or later he'll come back and do it again that would be his rationale because Ariel Sharon is a crazy person.
Him and the Benjamin and the Yahoo they should take the two of them and put them put them on the next to Rover to Mars maybe didn't find some good pastrami up there maybe and culture has been hanging out there.
See we can't play the bit of the stick in the little on that's cute nice going you'll thank you have to be creative like I said.
So anyway just think about it's a great choice for the pool indeed allegedly hot and man he's about as hot as the North pole Julia Roberts and her perpetually red nose is DP although I'd like to do her anyway he says I would agree with that that's another good choice.
I think she's a fine actress I like her a lot even though you're not supposed to say that for whatever reason I don't know.
It's not a trendy thing you supposed to all Julia Roberts he's all about I think it's a good actress most of the time and of course being really hot I would say that's laughable at best what Aaron Brockovich you have to see that.
Oh good or bad good good maybe I did see that no you didn't oh I saw Aaron Summers no big deal and no thing and live to tell about it in fact there in said.
Oh honey bears Tom says well let's see if you ever see next heavyweight champion Lee Larry Holmes and Condoleezer together to say.
Paris health looks retard it says this fact it was really whipped up to a frenzy all excellent points pali ice going yes now let me before we do anything else before I get on this facts which is pretty interesting from Tom.
We got a heavy plate today I don't want to read this letter to the editor from some somebody this makes me nauseous.
11,729 that means we need 271 211 more signatures on stop FCC dot com by two o'clock so get busy okay and don't get me a song to dance that everybody in this audience has done it already you ain't done it and sign a petition either.
11,729 Florida in a very strong third place but boy Texas in California go and nuts California's over 14,000 signatures something has been going on I have no idea other than I heard that art bell over the weekend I don't know who else on the years promoting it and maybe nobody is.
Maybe the whole thing of people emailing it to each others really catching on now I don't know would be that important huh wouldn't that be nice that would be great.
And the reason I say that is that every time I check in it shows the last five people to sign Maryland Michigan Texas and then to more for Michigan.
If salani Rochester Michigan which is Detroit or near it where's the Detroit so I've got somebody in Detroit is on here doing something about this I would think.
When it be great the total 90 6,718 it's approaching 100,000 faster than I ever dreamed of would nice go in Scott and we're still working on that Ed will let you know how you can help us out with your cash well in a few days probably the beginning of the week right I would have.
We'll have our stuff our ducks in a row can we say that absolutely not.
Tom says Neil I just can't believe what's going on in the USA I feel like I've been a nightmare and can't wake up I'm a Christian read the Bible on a regular basis oh I'm so sorry Tom.
I don't force myself on anybody if you want to hear it then I go on no I don't want to hear it if not then forget it let's have a beer.
I do no harm to others and I'm disgusted by what's going on in the name of religion and God I scanned the dial on my radio and changed the channel in my TV there were literally dozens if not hundreds of channels to choose from let them have each one if you don't like it change the channel or turn it off what a concept Tom.
When we all learn to reach a happy medium is when we can have peace and go on from there I'm sorry about this fact but I need to vent before I go nuts before I start making Greg read cut us out before every time somebody asked me a question I respond with that same.
Greg read sound like that.
Thanks a lot Tom for sharing enough to say your very best but keep your religious stuff to yourself he's doing that that's good you can believe whatever for he tells you want that's fine.
Oh maybe someday you can free your brain from all that brainwashing wait to hear this letter and then we'll get I'm sure a lot of people want to put names on this poll we'll get to we got four hours here today.
Mad dog coming up at two all right the Humper at the Nasdaq 100 open I'm assuming that's a golf tournament.
Okay.
I don't know I don't know it's tennis.
Oh like I said well I'm glad I covered myself there Nasdaq 100 tennis I how are we supposed to know these things I'm not a sports nerd.
Hey Clarence you better get with it you little quizly man or I'm going to have the beast cut you off if you don't cut it out.
No what's going on in the world of sports.
Hank 4 to 6 30 if the Nasdaq 100 open tennis tournament maybe my good post friend Andy Roddx playing in that you think.
Who Andy Roddx you know Andy Roddx don't play stupid okay see Hillary's brother yeah 6 30 Panther preview and of course another one of those throwaway games the Panthers at the Carolina Herkou in seven o'clock tonight boy you talk about match up made in hell.
Eddie came follows the hockey game and then over I don't talk about overnight my good post personal friend my main man the moment.
Absolutely 5 day the morning and then Joe Rosé to 10 that's our schedule.
I'm a man.
He is you know there's a word for him not the one you're thinking we can't say that one anymore no you know the word is complex.
Some people are very simple very you know he is complex my main man the moment I just I don't know what to say about him no more you know I think the less said the better.
Which you notice that he and I are both kind of lower just have this day Tom going on right now while he and Joe are duking it out.
115 votes and we only have a few names on there which of these allegedly beautiful people you think is the ugliest Sarah Jessica Parker 45 nice choice George Paris Hilton 32 Fabio 14 so for the guy so far he's in the front nice choice.
JLo 8 just in Tinkerbell 6 Naomi Campbell 5 Tom Cruise 4 and Julia Roberts is only got one don't be picking on poor Julia she's she's had a tough life.
Hi I'm Erin Somers you know what you got me talking on the passion phones tell me the story about how you got I got you down.
Oh my quick or what yeah yeah yeah holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on the show there's a new topic each night.
Who do you have sex with with a black or living white I got you down.
Yeah yeah yeah holy cow.
Oh my god I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone I got you down.
Wow that was magnificent you know it that was just orchestra I feel like I'm like I'm flying a plane here or something.
Like a mixed artist 1046 at 560 WQ I am all the bleeps all the time.
Jennifer Aniston from friends I love the spelling on this it also says go leaves go so obviously whoever said this facts is under a lot of stress after the time again Monday or Tuesday whenever the hell was.
Jennifer Aniston we got it got it you got it down we got it down.
Now before we start to take in some names on that I got a lot of stuff here.
This is a letter to the Sun settle in today's paper and again just like that grotesque long letter ripping me an ass and how it's turned an ass and the some old fart in a
highland beach yesterday who doesn't really care about freedom of speech it doesn't understand it he thinks it means whatever he likes and approves up.
Here's Jim in for Lauderdale who writes spring break crowd leaves mess oh my god what do we got to do about that.
Oh my god.
Funny that he Jimmy says every morning I walk along the beach at state road a one a in for Lauderdale and since it's spring break time in front of Howard Johnson I see a beach covered with piles of beer cans pasted cups remains of picnics and just playing trash left after late that.
By partying by our undisciplined guests from college here we go again.
When it doubt drive them out.
I for one think it is time to stop promoting spring break here says Jimmy of course it means profits for the cheap hotels and bars along that area but what price of the city.
How much of this filth along with cans and plastic cups is ground under by the beach cleaning tractors.
We the owners of this is the best line and they put this in the paper this letter my letter they wouldn't put in there but this letter they put in listen.
We the owners of this beach will have to live with us after these kids leave.
We the owners of this beach I thought it was a public beach maybe that's Mr. Lauderdale.
I thought it belonged to everybody what maybe that's Mr. Lauderdale that wrote that letter.
Dwight right we the owners of this beach will have to live with us after these kids leave I've been led to believe that beer drinking and littering was illegal on the beach.
Why aren't they they monitor to see that at least the message cleanup by those who make it why aren't the hotels who profit from this holiday.
Responsible for the cleanup says a pissed off Jim it's a disgrace to our city to see this and a drain on an already fragile economy to go behind these kids and pick up after them.
Much as their parents apparently do says Jim in Fort Lauderdale who's pissed off and fired up and rights to the Sun settle to express his venom against the young those young whippersnappers today.
I got a good idea for a Jim move okay take a hike get lost.
Move to a great place for people like you it's called St. Augustine.
Ooh yeah where the great grandparents of the people in St. Petersburg Lou St. Augustine.
Even the thusler was knelted up to qualified live there that's a good place for you Jim will be nice and quiet and peaceful and you won't have a whole bunch of young people disturbing and drinking and routing and having a good time.
We don't want that do we know.
Sean one of our chronic factors rights I predict the Supreme Court will be unanimous in tossing out the words under God's name.
No chance Sean no chance.
The fact that five of these black robes could have was made George W. Bush president self evident that they're approved that there is no God.
I used to believe in God but gave it up for length.
Do the believers really want their children's spiritual upbringing in the hands of the same people who brought them drivers license bureau and IRS?
Even CNN is jumping on a propaganda bad way to describing the issue with two little words.
What do you mean even they're the propaganda specialists that their speciality of the house is propaganda?
Yeah just two little words like mine comp whites only not guilty states rights gentlemen's agreement or final solution.
I am a wash in the horse a Sean.
Well he's good you know what yes he is and I'm still not having lunch with you Sean.
Anyway here's Kerry and I can't read the last two words on this that's why I play the ear in summer thing you just mentioned ear in summer as well with the new FCC rules.
What's going to happen to what does that say sex something?
Let me look at the bottom of the facts.
I don't know.
I'm still on the machine over here sex doctors the sex doctors.
Yeah.
Says Kerry what what is the sex doctors that her new show?
I assume it's another Orlando show that they can't go to Orlando show well good God almighty all I can say is Orlando and Tampa wide you're added to.
Now yesterday we had a little misinformation we don't want to have any more Catherine Harris stories on here we don't want to make the big news there on you know all those right wing websites.
So let's correct it here as radio and records are the ones that made the mistake not me.
Regular guys investigation remains open remember yesterday we had the story from R&R saying oh well they're not going to punish these guys anymore and they understand it was an accident.
And only if the FCC makes a big think about it they're going to do anything else one guess what?
Clear channel Atlanta RVP slash market manager Pat McDonald said that a report appearing yesterday's radio and records regarding the status of WKLS's regular guys morning show hosted by Larry wax and Eric Von Hasler was erroneous erroneous you made a mistake.
As my cousin Paul would say you made a mistake the investigation of events surrounding the regular guys is ongoing and being handled locally he said when there is a decision will make an announcement.
Well let you know until then to you I was going to do a raspberry there but probably I think only one a day I'll save it for more opportunities and.
Mel Carmesen says infinity wants to keep Howard Stern countering persistent rumors that the current firestorm controversy might force Stern to take a show to satellite radio the Viacom president C O O he's the president and C.
O O says that Stern's contract with infinity is secure if he was interested in renewing today I would renew it today Carmesen tells Wall Street Journal noting that Stern's got two years left on his current deal Carmesen also took a shot which apparently was aimed at cheap channel for its decision to suspend Stern from six of its station just today before a clear channel radio C E John Hogan was said to testify before a house subcommittee another company cancelled our show for no reason other than they were going to Washington to testify it just didn't seem to have the courage to stand up for the program that they aired.
Ultimately Carmesen believes that Stern has been lumped in with the debate over content that started with television I think he's been a target Carmesen said but notes if you think about what happened Janet Jackson happened.
How do I mail that's right Janet Jackson happened now all of a sudden those of us on radio can't say anything can't say squat and SM says proposed legislation unnecessary that's how vice president corporate communications chance patterns and describes a bill introduced.
The bill is by Congressman Chip Pickering and Jean Green yesterday that aims to have a satellite castors from offering local content via their terrestrial real repeater networks as he notes that the FCC's existing rule for satellite radio already precludes satellite castors from offering local content through their repeaters.
The main rule that seems to be an issue here is the rule that requires satellite radio to deliver all programming through their satellites nationwide that's what we do when we continue to follow these rules said Mr. Patterson I think he's kind of sunny Patterson.
The bill will also direct the FCC to review whether the traffic and whether channels offered by both side catches across the networks comply with the company's licenses and while the FCC could theoretically ban such content since it still has released final rules for satellite radio Patterson believes yanking the channels would be the service to listeners can we say yanking the channels.
I don't we better pass that by clearance.
There is a public interest being served by these channels he says this is a meaningful information for consumers so the FCC did they they're just they're out of control they just can't stop all over themselves radio television satellites cable satellite radio I mean it's just out of control like like they're on maybe maybe some of them oxies got left over and they all popped a few.
Right.
Okay let's take a look before we get to that we'll do that after top of the hour.
And we yesterday thanks to miss Fudge we had a story about Simon Cal and the bird the finger the old finger man the bird I thought the bird was dead long live the bird while he's back.
People are dying all over the world to more American soldiers in the last two days we got little kids who are trying to blow themselves up because they're so a demented and frustrated and repressed.
And what are we worried about in America Simon Cal rested his hand on his middle finger.
Simon Cal the often brutally a survey judge on Fox TV said American Idol insist it was an innocent posture not an obscene gesture.
Now did you see the pictures yeah not the pictures they were showing it on what like entertainment tonight or something over and over and over again.
What a surprise what a shock.
Contrary to suggestions he was directing an insult to fellow judge Paula Abdul by putting his middle finger to the side of his face during Tuesday's broadcast.
Cowell denied flipping her the proverbial bird on prime time TV.
I certainly would never make a gesture like that toward Paula on national television call said sometimes I lean on my index finger sometimes a different finger sometimes to with the same time or God help me even a whole hand I never even thought about it till now.
Likewise a spokesman for the OSHA Fox broadcasting company a unit of news court limited said network census on nothing offensive about cows hand position.
Oh our standards and practices people looked at it and felt it was a completely benign body posture the spokesman said it wasn't a gesture.
He added that the posture in question which came during the live East Coast broadcast of the show from L.A. Tuesday night was not edited or cut out for the tape to late feed to the West Coast.
In any case Cal demonstrated once again that he was hardly in the laws for words to express himself calling the performance of one contested nauseating.
Cowell and Fox were responded to queries raised after pictures of Cal with his middle finger to his face were widely circulated online by Internet columnist mismatch fudge.
But miss fudge with not the only person noticed the odd head finger alignment the FCC has received a few complaints about the incidents both from Richard diamond told Reuters.
The agency typically review such complaints to determine if an investigation is warranted and investigation into Simon Cowell's finger that's what worried about in America.
While people are dying all over the freaking world American I love yadi I don't even know what it is.
Piece of crap.
Is that something or what?
It's something as somebody I know one said should be our biggest problem.
Sponsored good it's great.
Player channel XM series into some extent by a calm have joined forces to form one of newly holistic broadcasting corporation.
The atomic subatomic and galactic structure of what radio is today offering you yesterday's heads from our vast and ecumenical holy cuck.
Oh yeah, yes, well you know where the one to turn to for the best classic rock like let that living in Floyd on power rotation.
Oh, let's go hello.
Hello, this is Senator Sam from Kansas.
Senator Brownback?
Don't say my name.
I took the liberty of providing a musical selection for you that I'm certain won't make the children cry.
Is what he heard?
Yeah, I strongly advise you play it on every available satellite channel on continuous loop.
Hmm, listen, listen.
Yes, and in offensive too.
I follow their whole heart.
I have a man named Nick, like Donald Trump, Donald, Donald, and Nick, as in the senator.
I always wondered who art is in heaven.
Is it art, buck walled?
It's my understanding.
It's intended for heartling clutter.
Oh, not art, Connie.
Sadly, no, but next time God speaks to me, I promise I'll put a good word in for her.
Well, that's swellie.
Is show, how long do we want this to play?
Forever, amen.
Yes, sir.
I think it's rather catching.
If you'd do everything, your ladies and gentlemen.
Now your children are saved.
Children aren't crying any longer.
Enjoy.
I'll actually forget her now.
I'll say my name again.
Everybody, no, no.
Stay tuned for more of the same thing I won.
Leave, Carol.
My job is done.
I'm here.
My work is done, amen.
Level 4, 5, 60, WQA, and the number ends.
Dutch officials said today they had evacuated Amsterdam's central station
over a bomb threat they said they were taking seriously.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Central station.
A railways spokesman said train traffic in and out of the Dutch capital had been halted around 12, 30 Amsterdam times 6, 30 this morning or time.
A police spokesman said we received a bomb alert which we're taking seriously and we're investigating what is the matter he said.
Another spokesman said the whole railways station had been evacuated but to find a common halt police had received the threat.
Yesterday a French railway worker found a bomb half buried on the main line between Paris and Switzerland, Schweitz.
Alarm and commuters across Europe and showed their financial markets to weeks after blast on Transmitterade, Kil 190 people at any rate.
So central station in Amsterdam is probably not a really good place to be right now.
Just a zip right on down the dam right to that Dan square.
Can we say that?
No.
To that square.
This is a great fact.
It gives me hope.
Although I think today for the first time our audience is going to let us down.
We're still 253 signatures away from 12,000.
We have 11,747 on stopfcc.com.
That's unacceptable.
While Michigan is going bananas, and I'll tell you why in a second.
You guys are sitting on your ass again.
Now there would be some people say, oh gee, what do you want?
You've had thousands of people go on there just so last week and have, well, you know what?
Not good enough.
Not good enough.
Get off your lazy ass.
Get to your little PC there.
When a doubt tap it out.
It takes just a few seconds of your life.
Fuck third man.
To do something constructive to make you feel like you accomplished something today.
Besides just picking your nose.
Todd and Detroit says,
long time listener first time facts are you still listening back to the WIOD days when I was in Florida.
Anyway, now listen on the internet.
Thanks Todd.
In the morning I listen to Drew and Mike on WRIF 101 FM Detroit.
One of the Detroit's outstanding FM stations for 100 years.
That's the station that they used to not take any years ago.
It wouldn't take any record commercials all the spots were live.
Okay.
Is that incredible or what?
What's the logic there?
I don't know.
Well, it was in the underground station.
Anyway, Todd says after hearing about the $500,000 personal fine they can get for certain words.
I sent Drew and Mike an email about stopfcc.com.
They hadn't mentioned the site since it had been going up.
But they mentioned it six or seven times in the last hour of the show today after my email.
And look at that.
Now we're getting all kinds of response from me.
Nice again.
Nice going Todd.
And that's what all you people ought to be doing.
The rush people, the stern people, the whoever.
ought to be emailing and calling all of these people on there who have an audience of any size.
And saying, hey, give us a little plug for this.
Just a few plugs is all we need.
Or maybe if these people have their own website, stick it on your website.
Or just stick it.
Right?
Somewhere.
WBFaxeson says maybe Jim the pissed off beach resident should direct his IRAD Heizanga, the rest of the sports moguls,
who have stadiums built with bed tax dollars.
Those bed tax dollars that are part and parcel to tourist hotel or medical bills since you read his use of all of these dollars,
Wayne can send some of the employees out of the beach for cleanup duty and make Jim happy.
And how about Murl Street pre list?
Oh, that's good.
Good choice.
She is you glee.
Murl Street.
Yeah.
Anybody thinks that I mean, is she really supposed to be beautiful?
I've never heard anyone accuse her of it.
Yeah, but probably somebody would somebody might this is a good one.
Jackie Johnson.
You know what's not spelled right?
Jackie Johnson.
PS we love the show.
Back's all over.
Day.
Go buy with a smile.
Nice go out.
Thank you.
I concur.
Doc he face.
All right.
Let's take some calls on the phone here for the poll.
Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the absolute ugliest?
Sarah Jessica Parker 107.
Pericelton 70.
Fabio 31.
Justin Tinkerbell.
The F and Fabio by the way stands for FF.
Justin Tinkerbell 21.
J. L. O. 19.
Tom Cruise 10.
Julia Robertson.
Naomi Campbell 9.
Jennifer Aniston 1.
It's all we got so far but we'll have more WQM.
Hello.
Good morning, senior.
Yes sir.
Buenos dias.
How about a couple of things first for the poll.
How about the Mousy one?
Christina Aguilera.
Oh man.
Put down that cheese please.
She is neither.
You're beautiful.
No, she had.
What was that one video she did?
She had one great video.
I can't think of what it was.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
That was the one.
It was beautiful.
It was beautiful.
That was pretty good.
But I think that's not the right cheese.
Pretty marginal.
Yeah.
The other thing is I don't know if anybody knows this but move on.org has a one year campaign
thing that they want to get some money for an ad to go up against the attack dogs if
they're sending after a good clerk.
Yeah, but you know what?
I'm not promoting that.
Why?
Because I don't want to divide the pie tooth in.
We're going to raise some money.
I saw that yesterday.
I got my email from them and they got 80's of the members and they're like,
I'm sure they'll raise a lot of money and they'll do a good job.
I hope so.
I don't want to cycle.
We might get for our stop at CC.com.
You put me down for 200 for yours.
Excellent.
And the other thing is I was waiting for me to call you for what?
The individual who called you last year around this time.
Man, I almost said the word A.
I wonder how well he thinks that cheap gas that our kids are sacrificing their life and limbs are going.
Right.
Thanks, Mr. President, for that cheap gas record highs again by the way.
Record high prices.
It's going to go higher.
I'm in the transportation industry and I just saw a list of upcoming fuel prices and they're talking about
probably as much as $250 to $3 a gallon as lower it up for the summer.
$250 to $30.
Wow.
That's right.
All right, sir.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
Hang in there.
See if the old pump.
Oh my God.
Can we say pump now if the old corral.
Did you dump on he said that I knew you would.
I didn't know.
I didn't.
I didn't, but he said how's it going?
A.
I didn't say that.
Well, that's pretty juvenile.
But we got to do it because we don't want to get we don't want to get different
clearance and trouble.
Come in the QA.
I'm hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got an ink.
Get an ink.
OK.
I bought Bobby Allen from Boca.
Why?
I think that was a little bit of a personal message.
He named someone we never heard of before.
I'm pretty sure it was a friend and it was very funny to him.
Oh, sorry.
Double.
Double.
WQM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
So you're about your appearance on NPR yesterday?
No.
I was listening to the hearings and they had they broken with it.
Emergency broadcast and network and had that tone going.
All of the sudden your voice came on.
The guy in the background was listening to your show while he was talking.
And I heard about 30 seconds of your show.
Doctor, the man.
I don't understand.
In other words, an audio got on.
There wasn't supposed to be on.
Yeah, your show's audio for about 30 seconds was on NPR.
Well, that's great.
I finally got a national audience.
All right.
For 30 seconds.
Allegedly.
Well, what do you do when you deal with a deal we like normal Kent, you know?
What a dullard.
You obsessed with bagotry and baseball.
That's all he knows in baseball cards and being an overgrown child and all of that stuff.
I'm your aunt here.
I'm not saying this from an ego standpoint.
I just know that you can see in the response that we've gotten here with several thousand in just a week.
If I was on like 20 stations at major markets across the country just for a week,
that's all it would take we'd have the million signatures.
Right.
No doubt about it.
No doubt about it.
That's why I'd like to know.
You know, he's not really worried about being canned.
This martyr business.
I mean, here, the Carmason comes out today and says,
if he wants to resign for more time, as many years as he wants, we resign today.
He's not in any danger of getting canned by infinity.
They've stood by him all through the years.
Millions and millions of dollars and fines they pay to keep him on here because he's their cash cow.
He's the guy that made them what they are today.
So he hasn't got nothing to lose.
Why doesn't he go on the air and promote this thing the way he ought to be doing?
Instead of his 85,000 different websites with a bunch of knuckleheads on there.
Talking crap.
That's what really frostbinds about him.
All ego and, you know, and great.
You get all those people to vote against Bush,
but of course you'll have to drive into the polling place because they'll ever find it themselves
and make the X form.
Wow, it's just, it's really tragic.
And the same with Rush, you know, talks a good game and boy,
I don't have to agree with Howard Stern on this,
even though I've never listened to his show, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And what's coming after him and it's going to be after me?
Well, so put your money where your mouth is, okay?
You must have a few bucks left over after Wilma closed down shop.
Come on, Rush, get with it.
You right wing lunatic.
You're funny.
I'm not saying it to be funny.
Why not?
Why not?
These conservatives are the ones who are supposed to be in the Git and government off our back.
There's a classic example of a chance for these right wingers to prove that they, you know, to bring it.
Bring it.
11.13 at QAM.
Pomano Park, racing and poker is having a free concert.
This coming Saturday, March 27, featuring the Beatles tribute band, A Cabern,
and the Buddy Holly tribute band, Ray Vaughan.
The free concert gets underway at 7 o'clock.
Each group performed two seats during the night.
And there's free admission, free general parking, like always at Pomano Park.
Come here, the great Beatles song you love, live in concert with a Cabern's George.
What is it?
Cabern's George Van Dyke is Paul McCartney.
Ray Vaughan and their tribute to Buddy Holly will feature the hits Peggy Sue, and it's so easy to fall in love.
It's so easy.
This is written so poorly, Steve, all that it's just astonishing to me,
unlike your usual fabulous job.
But best of all is that this concert is totally free.
This Saturday night, March 27, at Pomano Park, racing and poker,
come for the free concert featuring the Beatles and Buddy Holly, singing tribute bands.
All free this Saturday starting at 7 p.m., located just a half mile from both 95 and the turnpike.
Pomano Park racing and poker is easy to get to.
In Vestimall, the poker room is open from noon to midnight, and live racing starts at 7 o'clock at 5 p.m.,
every night except, uh, what?
Sunday?
And Thursday?
And no, and Tuesday?
Monday, Tuesday.
No.
Pomano Park, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on power.
I'll know if that rich will be there, Tuesday night.
He'll be there anytime that they let him in.
A block south Atlantic Boulevard on power line road for the Courta Racing Schedule,
called 95497222000, or go on web at pomanopark.com.
Live and local.
Here's sports radio 560s.
You ain't, you ain't.
Hey, Schwarzenegger, you got your way.
Hey, Governor, later, no more married days.
Hey, Schwarzenegro, but thank the Supreme Court.
Hey, homosexuals, get ready to deport.
Hey, homosexuals, it's judgment day.
Cancel your plan so you let's be it.
Because there's no way for a gay wedding.
No.
When I try a spade in,
New England.
Hey, Schwarzenegger forgets and friends.
Hey, Schwarzenegger, let man marry man.
You think you got what you want,
but now they're all going to Vermont.
It's a big nation wide gay rights don't.
It's a bad day for let's be it.
Because there's no way for a gay wedding.
No.
When you're feminins,
the public is.
11.2560 W.2M.
Happy Thursday to you, my dog,
a two the humpword four from the NASDAQ 100 tennis tournament open.
Open to her, whatever it is.
Panther people at 6.30, Panthers at Carolina take on a meaningless game seven o'clock
tonight, any K after the hockey game and then we shut it off.
Let's see, for years I've watched Lauren Hutton on TV ads, magazine covers,
bird eyes, ads, etc.
Why the hell can't you get your teeth fixed?
You could drive a bus through the gap.
She and Condoleezza have the same gap.
All right, here in T. You won't see Condoleezza shopping at the gap.
I guarantee you that.
Although she's almost much or enough to be doing it.
Well, if there's anybody that I despise,
she's it.
She's on my list at top 10.
Condoleezza, please.
Condoleezza just go away.
She is fired up and looked up at a lot of frenzy.
And you notice the way that they're just having a nervous breakdown there collectively at the White House
because of Richard Clark.
The idea that somebody had the audacity not to cave into their threats and actually came on told the truth under oath.
Wow.
Oh, it's big of the time the truth.
Remember when Enrique told me a personal right then actually told me to my face,
but I mean told me through a note that he had the smallest on the face of the earth.
And where's the proof of it?
This is on now.
What where this come from?
The magazine is this is.
I don't know.
I got it off a link on one of those sites.
I was looking at you know, I'll be darned.
Enrique claims he's just too puny to put it on.
Oh, this is something.
What's the British one?
The Sun?
Is that it?
The Sun.
The there's a few of the tabloids from the Suners.
The Sun.
The Sun.
From the Brit Sun and he says, oh man, that thing is just that thing.
I can't say what thing he's talking about, but you'll have to use your imagination.
That's small.
Ah!
I didn't say what?
Now let's see.
We got 11,000 from Florida.
11,761.
It means we're 239 in a way.
It's 11,22 folks.
It's later than you think.
Unless we start getting some real action in the next few minutes here, I don't think we're going to make it to 12,000 by 2 o'clock.
Which would be a bad move on your part.
I don't want to tell you why, but it would be a bad move on your part.
Little green men are going to come knock on on your door at 3 o'clock this morning.
Tomorrow morning, whatever the hell it's going to be.
You'll see what kind of surprise they're going to have for you if you don't sign a petition.
I don't want to threaten anybody.
You do understand that, don't you?
No!
Come on.
But the total is staggering, 97,049.
If this kids Scott, if he really had the assistance, if the people in this business had the balls that they should have,
and of course when you got 1200 stations owned by Clear Channel, most of those people are probably peeing in their pants.
Oh, we would love to promote that, but oh, we just better not.
We better not say nothing about it because they'll all get fired in.
Catch my drift.
Oh yeah.
Just like that W.E.B.E.N. and Cincinnati.
Had that whole big page on there, the big spread the one day, and then all of a sudden the whole thing vanished the next day when she channel got wind of it.
Just like magic, just disappeared right off their website.
Like the webmaster fairy came along and just made it disappear.
Well, whatever.
Look at this speaking of Enrique.
Okay, General piercings for women were banned by the Georgia House yesterday as lawmakers considered a bill outlining punishments for female genital mutilation.
The bill would make such mutilation punishable by two to 20 years in prison.
It makes no exception for people who give consent to have the procedure performed on their daughters out of religious or cultural custom.
And a member that adopted without objection added piercing the things to list the things that may not be done to female genitals.
Even if a woman would not be allowed to get the procedure, the bill eventually passed 162 with no debate.
Amendment sponsor represented Bill Heath, Republican of Bremen, was slack job when pulled back to the vote that some adult seek the piercings.
What?
He said, I've never seen such a thing.
He said, I wouldn't approve of anyone doing it.
I don't think it's an appropriate thing to be doing.
Well, if he don't think it's appropriate, then they just better stop doing it, right?
Right.
Because that's in Georgia, man.
Let me give you folks a word of advice.
Do not ever under penalty of death unless you want to like visit Atlanta for a couple of minutes.
Go say hi to some of the dark folks in Atlanta.
Just don't go there.
That is a grotesque state.
I mean, Louisiana, Mississippi, they get the bum rap that a code is, you know, in the end of the fall.
I think Joe, German.
Yeah.
Is just as back as word as it gets.
11,063.
Well, that's only two more than when I looked at it and you go, what do you people do out there beside each other?
Thanks to David and Miami.
Let's see.
Tennessee, New Jersey, two from New Jersey, one from Ohio and David and Miami.
Last five, 97,085.
56670560.
56670580.
And T and Verizon Wireless Line, which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the absolute ugliest?
Sarah Jessica Parker, which was Georgia's choice, 140.
That bitch.
Paraselton, 86, Fabio, 43.
Justin Tinkerbell, 28, JLo, 25.
Julia Roberts, 15.
Naomi Campbell, 12.
Tom Cruise, 11.
Merrill Street, 10.
See, nobody's going to put in Ricky on this list.
Because even though you think he can't sing, he sure is pretty.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, my name is Pete Neal.
Speaking.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Pretty good.
All right, I was watching television yesterday because my ISP went down.
I was forced to watch television.
But I was noticing on the talk shows that someone would bring up the FTC thing
and immediately, like, someone would yell in in their ear like,
get off this topic, get off this topic.
And I just noticed it all day yesterday.
Like how much show?
What was it?
Jerry Springer?
No, no, no, no.
It comes on Fox.
It's a show based out of California with a three-talk show host.
Yeah.
Good day, Bob.
William, William, you were watching Fox News?
No, no, no, it was good day live with Jillian Romery.
Jillian Romery, yeah.
Paul Barbeary?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I would just notice that they had a guest on Sebastian Stallone's wife.
And she even said that she was worried about the FTC thing.
Right.
Do you know she said that, the guy that holds the...
They shot her?
Excuse me?
She said that they shot her?
No, no, no.
She...
In the leg?
No.
I wish they were, though.
But no, I just noticed that everyone who brings up the FTC is immediately told...
Chop right off.
Oh, what happened?
I'm sorry to do that to you, pal.
But I just, you just gave me an opening there.
I could drive a Mac truck through.
Don't mention the F-
Don't do it.
I'm telling you, the word police will get you.
By the way, Boca-Bride, I need the word police are we done with that thing in it?
That was so great.
We got them.
I'm going to play that again.
I love that sound.
Three more for the list on this fact.
Marlena Dietrich, Betty Davidson, Catherine Hepburn.
Ooh.
The people that you love.
Are you pardon?
Can we put the people that we've actually heard of on this list?
Nobody ever heard of Marlena Dietrich Betty Davidson, Catherine Hepburn.
But I'm getting old.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
We have plenty of old parts out there in the audience.
Just relax.
Okay, don't start picking on old people unless they write letters to the editor like me.
Madonna, there's one.
Yeah!
Have you ever checked out newsfilter.org, says somebody?
No.
But I will.
Put that over there in my pile of things to check out.
27 after a load at 560 WQM, boy, that condolese.
Wow.
What was a gap teeth?
You think that she could be, you know, being on the board of Chevron once upon a time
that she could probably afford to get her teeth fixed, but not Dr. Rice.
Now, not Dr. Rice.
I just, ooh.
I don't want to say what I'd like to do.
I've been telling you for years why y'all are called Dalamat Chris 1-800 Matt Chris.
Dalamat Chris backs up everything they say in their advertising.
110%.
But their competitors still use like lots of theceptive claims, in other words, they lie.
When you see a mattress head making outrageous ridiculous claims, be sure and read the fine print
because a lot of these guys lie like crazy.
An example.
The headline screen half off, but this only applies to a limited selection of items that you'd never buy in a first place.
Everything else they're selling is still full price and they probably double the regular price first anyway.
And you'll probably never be able to make a fair exchange if you don't like the merchandise.
But at Dalamat Chris, forget about that because their ads have no tiny print and no disclaimers.
When you call 1-800 Matt Chris, you'll see their prices are so low, other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete.
Dalamat Chris got a Norwis 30-day...
FAP 30-M!
...competitive exchange policy on all beds including the one you buy.
And don't forget, when you call Dalamat Chris 1-800 Matt Chris, you're getting a company ranked number one overall customer satisfaction.
Why in the world should I make up to him when he tried to get you fired and meet two and to the beast and everybody else screw you more?
I changed my mind again.
From Candlestore, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dalamat Chris reminds you to read the fine print too because they want you to know what you're buying.
Even if you decide to buy from somebody else.
So what you'd be waiting for, do the smart thing, it's one of the few smart things I've ever done in my life.
Whenever I need new mattress, I make that easy call and they show up on time.
Take away the crappy old vetting stuff, the new one give you a great price.
Call them today, 1-800-MATRUS or log on to mattress.com.
Dalamatrus 1-800-MATRUS, the honest way to buy you a great bed.
My and local, this is Fort Radio by 60.
You're way too way, yeah.
Backship station.
Thousands of Americans are victims every year.
Deves stop at nothing to take your car until now.
Introducing the newest in Hottle Thouble Protection, the Howard Dean Car alarm.
Hey man, look, a Porsche, give me the Car alarm.
When installed, the Howard Dean Car alarm would be turned the most crappy would be thieves.
The Howard Dean Car alarm.
Now available in select states.
And coming soon to the rest of America.
None of the money generated by the sales of the Howard Dean Car alarm benefit the Howard Dean for president campaign plot.
Well, that's over anyway.
He just endorsed John Kerry.
You see that they were hugging and high-fiving and kissing and, oh man, it was emotional.
Nice going, howie.
Pamela Anderson, I know you're like that.
I want to change my vote.
Yeah, don't know what anyone's seasoned here, said something.
I had a line back in the day, I could probably use that line.
But I can't say no more.
Can I?
No.
Oh bad news.
Gas prices set third straight record.
Oi.
For the third straight day, it got more painful at the Ponce for Motorists.
As the AAA said today, the price of U.S. regular gasoline hit another all-time high.
Oh my God.
The average price for regular gas rose to 10th of a cent to 174, too.
And Gala, that's regular.
Oh my goodness.
Before this week, the record high by AAA standards was said late last summer.
A year ago, the average price was 168.
Thank you, Mr. President, for that great cheap gas.
Oh man.
U.S. crude oil prices hovered Thursday morning.
Your $36.50 a barrel compared with $28 a year ago.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
And this summer, it's going to get really bad, man.
You think that gang rape is funny.
Because the public, the driving public is going to be out of receiving it in big time this summer.
Now what is this saying?
Madonna, Medina, in Miami?
The 21-page Scalia memo is in part a heartwarming, buddy story.
Scalia finally describes his tradition of going duck hunting at the camp of a friend named Wallace Carlyne.
What is this all about?
Oh, that's cute.
Okay, thanks so much, Madonna, Medina, and we already know about the duck hunting, Cheney.
We can't say the president of vice president's first name, but whatever.
Thank you so much.
Okay, let's get some more names on this.
Let's do your quick diddling around.
Just got too many fish to fry here today.
First things first, though.
Let's take a look at it.
11,780.
We're just crawling, man.
There's no like big burst, you know what I mean?
222 signatures away from 12,000.
That 12,000 is a mighty important number.
I can't tell you why now, but believe me, if we don't have it by two o'clock, you'll know.
There'll be a tap, not a tap on you, there'll be a pounding on your door.
They'll be pounding on it.
Let's see, here's one that says, from Andy and Miami, I'm confused wondering if you can clear something up for me.
If in one of George W's ads he ends it by saying, George W. Bush and I've approved this message,
does this mean that there are two of them?
What?
My hope for your poll is Richard Queer.
Isn't that cute?
Yeah.
Andy and Miami, who needs serious mental health.
Andy's probably the one who called before and said,
like that, Tory spelling.
Yes.
Somebody says Tory spelling.
Good choice.
Allegedly beautiful, absolute grotesque.
So far, it's Syracist, Jessica Parker, you can't touch her and are getting George's who'd want to.
165.
Paris Hilton, though, making a run of it, 96.
Fabio 51, Justin Tinkerbell, 31, JLo 26, June of Roberts, 18.
Naomi Campbell, 15, Meryl Streep, 14, Tom Cruise, 14.
Madonna, 5.
Christine Aguilarra, 4.
Pass the cheese, please.
Jackie Johnson, 3.
Lauren Hutton, 2.
Pamela Anderson, 2.
And Jennifer Anderson, 1.
None yet for Marlene and D. Dick, but he's ever Sir Catherine Hepburn out of 447 votes.
And I'm for Tory spelling because she ain't on there yet, but she will be.
She will.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I try to get all of you yesterday for your poll.
I had one that would definitely have topped it.
Really go to Williams should offend the guy deserving of jail.
And one for you, Poseidon, a how it turns girlfriend back.
She's supposedly some model, but she looks like a weasel.
Yeah.
Okay, Neil.
Does she have a name like a last name?
Oh, Beth, that's all.
Beth, you could, but that could be Beth from a passion.
Is the former Miss America or something like that?
This former Miss Michigan action.
Yeah, when you get the last name, call us by, pal.
Okay, five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Boy, it's feeling actually warmed.
You know that?
Go open a window.
I already have.
I'm going to do the next break.
I'll open it even wide.
Oh, yeah, 58 was only supposed to get to 13, which is 56.
It's 58 freaking degrees, baby.
Oh, in to T.O.
61 tomorrow.
I want to make sure I give you great detail on all this.
Well, part of Mr. Son and Cloud for casting over.
He takes notes on this every day.
He wants to become the Toronto meteorologist.
I long this and so many Paul, okay?
Stay the hell away.
You and at old fart that does a show with you old Ron.
WQM. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have an addition for your Paul.
Okay.
Uma Thurman.
Uma Thurman?
Yes.
Okay.
Not to be confused with Emma sumac.
Thank you.
You got him, man.
Thank you.
Uma Thurman, you don't like her.
We got it.
You got it?
We got it.
WQM.
I am Neil.
I'm a dog.
Pretty good.
I got a trick to head on to your bowl.
Uh huh.
You'll probably get the green, but uh, Sandra Bullock.
Looks like a dude.
She looks like a guy.
Yeah, man.
She looks like Jim J Bullock.
Okay, thanks.
Sandra Bullock.
How could you?
That breaks my heart.
He was right.
I like Sandra Bullock.
She's cutesy.
I mean, I'm not saying she's beautiful, like, in a sense of, like, you know, she's cute.
But she's cute with her.
Right.
She's never still afraid to rain.
And she's had a lot of stress.
She had to make those stupid movies with Ben Affleck.
And of course, now, maybe that's why she looked like the guy.
She was wearing the pants in that family, see?
Right.
Everybody I talk to says, oh, Ben Affleck, we know about him and Matt Damon.
I tend to, I believe that.
We're all impressed about how you're pronouncing his name lately.
Affleck.
Right.
Correct.
Very, very, very.
And you'll notice also that you will not be hearing that bit no more about the Affleck casting call.
You'll be hearing that one no more until maybe the.
New moment.
Until everything dies down.
Everything that blows over.
I mean, until everything over passes.
Pass over.
Maybe until Passover, five six seven, oh five sixty.
The good news is not that far away.
When is Passover, by the way?
Look on that calendar back there.
It's coming very soon.
Peace off.
I want to know when I'd go out and buy my Matsu.
I don't think it's on there.
Let me find out.
Oh, here it is.
April six.
April six, I told you.
Wait a minute.
It's sundown the fifth course.
So let's see.
Next Thursday.
So it's coming very soon, which is good to know that in advance.
Because all the Jews are going to be eating their Matsu and they'll probably be a little bit off their feet at that point.
Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQM.
Hello.
Hey, you know what I think all about?
Pretty good, pali.
Good, good.
Fear Paul, Owen Wilson.
The guy with the broken nose and that new star can touch movie.
Owen Wilson?
Yeah.
I don't even know who that is.
He's in his couple of Ben Stiller movies, Zoolander.
He's in Armageddon.
Yeah.
He's been an Aflex sidekick in Armageddon.
Oh, that's a piece for itself.
He's got like a real mess up looking nose.
I mean, he's a girl.
Girl, kind of dig it, I guess.
Okay, thanks, pali.
Thanks.
He ain't no fabulous.
I'll take it that.
That's another big deal.
Fabulous.
An ugly guy who anyone only ever says he's an ugly guy.
Oh, so does he.
Doesn't qualify for the poor.
Oh, whatever.
I mean, I don't want to.
You know, you can put them on there.
Make the guy happy.
He said it like a good guy.
Don't be peeing on everybody's parade just because they can't figure out what we're talking
about.
For what?
Which of these allegedly beautiful people?
Do you think is the absolute ugliest?
I don't think it's very complicated, is it?
No.
But then again, some people have a little, you know, maybe they got their own agenda.
Maybe they need somebody to explain it to them.
Maybe they're like a subversive, who knows what they are, you know.
Yeah, maybe they just want it.
Maybe their problem is I have no life.
My life and love.
This is 420560.
You ain't way, you ain't yeah.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere.
I've been a rena scar, no par, no minister, the buffalo, Toronto, went slow, there, so the
way you don't know, the bottom of my home, the town, the town, the battle, the lava, the lava.
We're going to South Carolina, and Oklahoma, and Arizona.
And North Dakota, and New Mexico, and Texas, and New York.
And it's to the West, man.
I've been everywhere, man.
We're going to California, and New York.
We're going to South Dakota, and Oregon.
I've been everywhere.
I've been a rena scar, no par, no minister, the buffalo, and New York.
And Oregon, and Oregon.
We're going to California, and Texas.
I've been a dollar for some bling, rock, black, rock, little rock.
We're going to South Dakota, and Michigan.
And definitely, straighter, let me be sick.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere.
We're gonna wash it in the evening. Take back the white house
14 kiloneys just a wild man and how he deen Kate Moss and share somebody says for a poll
I like both choices there Kate Moss and share and
Sure like
Okay, so our Jessica Parker's got 180
Per a certain one oh seven
Me Sky too bad we can't put Howard Dean's wife on her, but who hell would say she's beautiful?
That they Judy Dean
That's Dr. Dean to you mister
11,789 for Florida on the stop FCC.com that's weak
We needed 271 to get to a 12,000 when we started the show
Now we still need to 11 that means if my math is correct
We've had like 60 signatures and now some people would say well, you know you've squeezed as much blood out of this rock as you can
You'll there ain't nobody left the whole audience has already signed it all six or seven thousand of us
Could be you think it's possible very possible especially on this radio station anyway. I like this. This is kind of cute
President Bush today announced the creation of a new alert system that will allow the country to know
Current risk risk levels of homosexuality any given time
The system will coordinate risk factors with current US intelligence to determine the level of risk
Homosexuals post to modern civilization as we know it
Mashed amided by Dick Cheney's lesbian daughter Mary working collaboration with Newt Gingrich's lesbian sister and Ronald Reagan's gay son
The program will access the latest cultural friends and factor in the gay agenda making all Americans aware of the current status of homosexuality within our borders
Also helping the project Regina and Barbara Bush the president's twin daughters, but only that one time where they really are really drunk
Reason successive TV shows like Queer Eye for the Strait Guy the L word Willem Grace and Queer's Folk have put our current risk level at orange alert
Don't drop the soap president Bush you should a press release warning recovery country to keep their boxers on the frontwards
In the face of this impending danger that threatens the very fabric of our survival as a species
Also putting a market risk is the severed stubborn insistence of some big city mayors to uphold US Constitution by administering gay weddings across the country
Despite public outcry for mostly
Frumfish oftentimes divorced as criminal straight voters who can't bear to see anyone happy
Last week on an episode of Pat Robertson's the 700 Club
Revolving jury fall well blamed the terrorist bombing in Madrid Spain on gay weddings happening here right now in America
Fall while his endorse Bush's homo alert system because he says it'll make God loving normal people were of their sinful
Neighbors their sinful and
Neighbors and by the way fall well at Spain is full of a bunch of facts the Bible says so
well
How do you like that?
Keep jury fall well. He's got his thumb on it and Pat Robertson too
Five six out. I got a great marine dot com. I'm gonna read the next hour. She's the best on our website
I just mentioned that in person that I just inspire a whole flurry of response out there on at the 11,795
Whoo six more
They're pouring in by the ones
So we need 205
I'll tell you one thing we better hop over that 11,800 mark by noon by the time in about 11 minutes
Or we're in deep trouble will never make it and even then you know what I'm saying?
You don't think we can do it we can do it
Because you usually pretty skeptical on these things I've proven you wrong a couple of times when you thought oh
There's no way we're gonna get to that and we got to it just barely usually right out of the deadline like that
No, we can't do it just
Just to be honest. I see just so that in other words a little reverse psychology
Anyway, just to give this to prove a point company QA. I'm hello
Yeah, I've got one for the fall. Yes, sir
I don't know if she's allegedly beautiful, but she's been in playboy
Nude and I wouldn't do her with Neil's thingy
You're speaking
Sandra burn her excellent choice. Thanks, palie. Thanks. Hey, don't worry about my thingy at all
Okay, he's right about her being in there, but I never heard anybody anybody accuse her of being well
If she was in a magazine's man and somebody might have thought she was kind of pretty somebody must have thought she was a celebrity
Sure had a pretty mouth
Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the absolute ugliest Sarah?
S.A.P. 182
Well, I don't want to say Sarah Cajecica Parker
Paris Hilton 11 Fabio 54. Oh, man. He is so me is
Justin think about 36 J.O. has got
Julia Roberts 24 now. We're gonna know me Campbell 18
Tommy Cruz. He's got she's got 16 Merrill Street 14 Torrey Spelling 7
How you spilling that?
Madonna 7 Christina Aguilera 5
Jackie Johnson 4 Pamela Anderson 3 Lauren Hutton 2 Jennifer Anderson and aston 2 Owen Wilson's got appear
Betty Davis 1 Catherine Hepburn 1 C Smarty pants Richard gear
I didn't even know we put him on there, but that's a fabulous choice none
Uma Thurman none Sandra Bullock Marlene and Dietrich Sharon came off so far to 519 votes. They've got the big none
But they will
WQ and hello
Niel sir. I got a name for the poll and I want to talk to you about a movie. Yep
First thing I don't know if they consider them beautiful, but this is actually two for one
I can't stand Melissa and Joan Rivers man. They just they love talking crap about
I don't know. Wait, whoever said Joan Rivers was beautiful. I don't know man
She just loves talking crap about all the people look. I'm looking at the way she looks man
She looks like Plato, but anyways
You got me to see Glenn Gray you've gone Ross and I actually enjoyed it a lot and
I happen to see a movie this past weekend named Spartan with Dal Kilmer
It's read in by the same guy at Roe Glenn Gray again Ross. Oh really?
It's yeah, it's basically a political thriller and I think you would really enjoy it
It's really it's about how hypocritical and how
Machievous the government really is it's pretty crazy and I think you should check it out definitely
It's called Spartan Spartan. Yeah deals with
It's it's about a let's say Jeb Bush is up for reelection at his daughter
You know, he has a one of those crazy crazy daughters. Mm-hmm. He has a crazy ass daughter
That he doesn't take care of and he's trying to kill her so I don't hurt his reelection process
Right, but you know, so you could just get white sounds like Alice during Sheridan on passion
I'm gonna check it out. What's it called one more time Spartan Spartan. Yeah
It's awesome. It's got no camera. Will they make me see is a great actor?
One of my favorites. Yeah, he's great. No movies excellent. You should check it out. You definitely like it
I mean it's okay to talk about too. Thanks for your pali and go Spartans. Yeah, see you
How can you talk to me that way? I work here. I think I'm here to be mystery
That's why I came in a work today. That's why I come in I'll let you know that's why I came in here
I don't want to go to lunch George. Where does he get off talk that way to a working man?
Well, you take it outside. We have people trying to do business. That's what I came in here for that's what I'm trying to do
I mean I mean to stop a tag excuse me. I mean to stop a tag
I mean to stop a tag that's not right. Huh. That's not as long as I
Get out of here. Will you get out of here? Will you I'm trying to run an office now? Will you go to lunch? No?
Will you go to lunch? No
Oh, and of course the QAme seals department most of them you don't have to tell because most of them are out to lunch permanent
11,800 from Florida
We'll get to that 12,000. You'll see we need 200 more by two o'clock. That's a tall order
Massachusetts, New Jersey, Michigan, Texas, Arizona. There was the last five on air total is 97,434
moving right along. I like it
WQM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Oh, okay, I'm back at you. That was good. Well, he was speechless. Hold you. The QAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Good?
two things
If you can still say that for the list. Yeah, for the list pink
Pink. Yeah, pink stink. Yeah, brutal gross
Also, I called you yesterday regarding the free press dot org articles. Right. Were you able to look at that?
Which article was it again? I did look at free press dot org, but I remember there's three articles that would really be great reading and
shocking information
Yeah, the first is called death of a patriot
That's about the guy who invented the voting machine with the paper trail. Who was killed. Oh, yeah
And the second is called diebold electronic voting in the vast right wing conspiracy. Oh, I did
I we hit that on our website. Well, when I was out that was a couple months ago. I think really that was a while
Maybe last month. Yeah, we had it because he the week that that article came out
This guy was dead within a week of that article coming out. Oh, that's a coincidence. Yeah, right and the other one was
Behind every bush. There's a scandal. Uh-huh. Did you read that one? No excellent
Actually, I did go to the website. I guess I must have not written down the things you were told me to look at
But I did see the one about diebold and we had that honor. I think everybody would well, okay
If it's on your website, okay, but man
It's incredible. It's incredible and free press dot org. Right and we're the ones who are paranoid, you know, right?
Yeah, all right, man. Thanks a lot, palie. Hang in there. Yep later. Look out for that condolese, man
That's the thing in a wood pile. I better not say what it is
No
Wouldn't be good at this time especially WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, no, I got
Sorry, oh, okay. They don't have Michael Jackson on there. He looks like Michael Jackson
He looks like he keeps well, let me ask you whoever said Michael Jackson was beautiful
He's supposed to be one of the beautiful people
He looks like something on the dark magazine one of those aliens they found right in fact that's where they did fun
I mean, he was in a crater in Mars. Thanks a lot, palie. Oh
And speaking of Michael Jackson, I better I'm glad he called you can put them on there or not all depending on how you feel
Where is that story? Where is that story? How come I put it so deep down oh here it is? Oh good
I would have forgotten if I were for this last guy see it must be on a psychic connection, palie a
Parade of witnesses detaining old and new child molestation claims against Michael Jackson will testify in a secret
Grand jury proceeding expected to stretch over two weeks
When in doubt they're gonna stretch it out
Santa Barbara County DA Tom Sten will seek to show that a pattern of seduction
Existed in the case 11 years ago that was never prosecuted in the current case which in which Jackson is led to a monster the 12-year-old boy
Said a source close to the case who spoke on condition of anonymity
They're gonna throw in the kitchen sink loyal University law professor Laurie Levinson said Tuesday
They'll be bringing in every piece of evidence that might be relevant and they're casting a wide net and it gives them a dress rehearsal for the trial
How do you like that a lot legal experts express surprise that they anticipate length of the proceeding in other words
They're bringing in a while. Let me just read that first again a parade of witnesses
Detaining old and new allegations molestation claims against Michael Michael motorcycle
This has had a homeland security Tom Ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raised the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour
The self-proclaimed king of pop Michael Jackson apparently makes out landish demands when flying
Here now via hidden microphone is a conversation between Michael Jackson and an employee of Delta Airlines
Thank you for calling out the airline we're ready when you are
Hello, I need to shirt you like flight. Oh, okay. That's what we're here for
I need to schedule a flight from here to Barbados
I'm sorry sir. Where is here where I am
What what where are you sir in my home
Well, where is home
Los Angeles all of the answers are I grateful?
Now do you want first class business class coach?
First class because if my butt touches anything other than leather I break out in a horrible
Right thank you for that. Do you have any special meal requirements? Oh
Grab a pencil fly boy. I've got a wapper runny. Oh, so you like the coach or meal? No, no, no, no
For breakfast I would like to care see original chicken breast mashed potatoes biscuits grimbled eggs a strawberry jelly gravy and spray butter
I like the salmon a loaf that we bake goes low-fat cream cheese
For launch KFC original
Baby on the side corner of the cop biscuits with strawberry jelly and spray butter
Potatoes gravy on the side corner of cop biscuits with strawberry jelly and spray butter. I rarely eat dessert
It's just about a two hour flight and your pie just get a bag of nothing to soda. I also only use a spork
What's a sport? It's a spoon and they fork a sport
Also, I only drink from a crazy straw royal blue
May I be seated next to a smaller attractive child with some sort of ailment?
Preferably flying as an unaccompanied minor. Yeah, yeah
That's great
I don't want the soda sir you can pour that out who is this place?
Silver can with white wine, but make sure you wash out the can with holy water and where am I gonna get holy water?
That a city you numb nut
You know this might be Delta, but I ain't ready for this buddy. What the other guy oh god
Yeah, I don't know what I'm sorry sir, but your demands are a bit exorbitant for Delta Airlines
You will either meet my demands or I will pick it your airline
No, don't pick it pick it. No, don't pick it. Don't pick it. Don't pick it a small child does to his nose
Oh my homie. He wants to pick it. Don't pick it
Don't pick it. Like a small child does to his bottom when his pants become intertwined in his crack
Try United
1204 at 560 WQM guess what what?
When in doubt I printed this baby up Bob for track is the guy to just call about the free press dot org
A political science professor and author of numerous articles and books
Death of a patriot no more
The subject line yesterday's email read another mysterious accident solves the bush problem. Ethan Gibbs did die bold lives
The attached news story briefly described the untimely Friday March 12th death of perhaps America's most influential advocate of a verified voting paper trail in the air of the touchscreen computer voting
Gibbs in account for more than 30 years
Bob third man and the inventor of the true vote system died when his vehicle collided with an 18 wheel truck
Which rolled a Chevy Blazer several times and forced it over the highway retaining wall where it came to rest on its roof
Coincidence theorist will simply dismiss the death of Gibbs is a tragic accident the same conclusion those these can
Coincidence theorist came to an anti-nuclear activist Karen Silkwood died in November of 74
But a crush truck a concrete embankment on route to a meeting with New York Times reporter David Burnham
Proud and independent investigators concluded that Silkwood's car was hit from behind and forced off the road
Silkwood was reportedly carrying documents that would expose illegal activities that they curmigain nuclear fuel plant
The FBI report that found that she fell asleep at the wheel after overdosing on quay ludes and that there never were any such files a journalist secretly employed by the FBI and a veteran of the Bureau's
Cointel pro operation against political activists provided testimony for the FBI report
Gibbs death bears heightened scrutiny because of the way he lived his life after the
2004 election debacle I interviewed Ethan Gibbs in January of this year
I've been an accountant an auditor for more than 30 years electronic voting machines that don't supply a paper trail
Go against every principle of accounting and auditing
That's being taught in American business schools he insisted
These machines are set up to provide paper trails no business in America would buy a machine that didn't provide a paper trail
Audit and verfights transaction now they want the people to purchase machines that you can't audit. It's absurd
He said Gibbs was in Columbus, Ohio probably displaying his true machine that offered a W
What is it VV pad VVPAT that's a vote of verified paper audit trail? He noted
Gibbs also suggested that looking to the people behind the other machines
He offered that dibald and E and S and S are real interesting in all Republicans if you're an investigative reporter
Go ahead and investigate you'll find some real interesting material
Gibbs true vote machine is a marvel after voters touch the screen a paper ballot prints out under plexiglass and once the voter compares it to his actual vote and approves it
The ballot drops into a lock box and is issued a number receipt
The voters receipt allows the track his particular vote to make sure that it was transferred from the pulling place to the election tabulation center
My encounter with Gibbs led to a cover through any Columbus free press March April issued entitled
Dibald electronic voting in the vast right wing conspiracy the thesis side vents and the free press articles that some of the same right wing individuals
Who back the CIA's covert actions and overthrown of democratic elections in the third world of 1980s are now involved in privatized touchscreen voting
Additionally, I co-wrote an article with Harvey Wasserman that was posted at mother Jones dot com on March 5, 2004 both articles outlined ties between
Far-right elements of the Republican Party and dibald and the S and S which count the majority of the nation's electronic votes
As I wrote in the free press article proponents of a paper trail where emboldened when eighth and Gibbs present in CEO of true vote international
demonstrated the voting machine at a vendor's fair in Columbus that provides two separate voting receipts
In an interview on wvk.o radio gives calmly methodically explained the dangers of black box touch screen voting
It absolutely makes no sense to buy electronic voting machines that can't produce a paper trail
Inevitably computers mess up. How are you going to have a recount or correct malfunctions without a paper trail
Now the man asking the obvious question and demonstrating an obvious tangible solution is dead in another tragic accident a week after both articles
Were okay in a circulation
When I called to vote international to verify Gibbs death
I reached financial officer Adrian Brandon who assured me we're going on on his memory. We're going to make this happen
Every American concerned with democracy should pledge to make this happen to beat back the russian state governments to purchase privatized
Partisan and unreliable electronic voting machines without verified paper trails
Gives last words to me were how do you explain what happened to Senator Max Cleelan in Georgia?
How do you explain that the Maryland study in the Johns Hopkins scientists have warned us against
Blind faith voting these systems can be hacked and do they found patches in Georgia and the people servicing the machine had
entered the machines during the voting process
How can we the people accept this no more blind faith voting and now he's dead
Pretty interesting. Thanks Polly for reminding me about that free press dot org. Got it got it
Okay, well, I have you played today. I'll tell you heavy duty
Can you believe 58 degrees here? It's like shocking like summer
It's just it is it's like Indian summer
Watch out for those Indians by the way. That's what depot told me
Stop FCC.com. Let's take a look at it now. See if we're doing anything
It's coming on very slowly here in fact. They come on at all. That's always a really good sign
In fact one time earlier this morning I clicked on and said the
Overloaded check back in ten minutes. I can't get out of here right now. Can you can you hop on it and to try to hop it
Hop on it see what we got
Meantime here's our pool which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the ugliest just grotesque? How about you?
What I'm on it and what does it say? I love it 817
You're less than 817 like I said we're creeping and crawling. We're not making any big
173 to go
183 to go excuse me
183 and less than two hours you better hop on it man. Free press what is it?
Stop FCC.com and then look at free press.org
Sarah Jessica Parker 193 per sultan 120 now we do have a paper trail on these
Towing on our pole by the way. Yes, Fabio 60 just in Tinkerbell 38 J. L. 34 julias Roberts 28 not only Campbell 20 times cruise 18
Uh, she was really good in uh, what you call to Magnolia
Merrill street 14. Did I skip over somebody?
No, uh, Tory spelling 14 Sarah Bernhardt 9 Madonna 8 Pamela Anderson 7
I don't care what amuse say once upon a time she was pre-daired. What's part of time she did well a long time ago sure
Long long time ago before she got all of her problems and diseases and the phony gigantic boobs
Uh, let's see uh, uh, everybody else single digits small potatoes. Thanks got four
I don't think you agree with that one do
She's just mediocre. Yeah
Ever stole a freight train and all that she's all right. All right. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for rising line WQA and hello
Hey, what's going on buddy? Yes sir. How you doing pali? Hey, I'm doing great
I just want to let you know man that I I went on the SEC thing buddy and I went ahead and signed up
And my mom is a polter of right wing Republican and I went into her house when she went there and I signed her Republican has up to
Excellent nice job pali hey
An idea for your poll if you haven't done it already when you guys are pretty bored is have all the bits that are banned
Which one are you gonna miss most? I thought about that. I think that's a great idea. Maybe we'll do it tomorrow
Like the Mickey Mouse bits and all those man. I miss them real bad
Uh, are they you think that we can't play those?
Remiss I don't know if you can or not, but I sure do miss them
I'll work on that today. Thanks. It's a wait-o-get. I get two are you sure?
And uh
Yeah
Oh, I think what he's trying to say was I have no life now that you've finished voting on momy's a computer
Here's another great assignment. I would run all around the neighborhood and fight out people that you don't have PCs and bust in their house
While they're working and vote on their computer right run it's on a good idea
Let's do it like we know I thought about that about
Doing a poll maybe we'll do that tomorrow although of course that that's gonna take uh numerous days
won't it?
Yeah, we'll just print out the uh
Menu over the whole uh, yeah, right. No, no seriously. What we can do
Is like hammer one off you know like we did with the music stuff all the way not gonna do any more that music
Because this audience they hate my taste in music and they're not too awfully crazy about yours
You're as much better than mine, but they got their own agenda
But I think this guy uh was on to something where he was just on something
1213 at 560 WQA. Hey listen, let me tell you right now if Josh is emerald coast
If you're starving want to break from the kitchen let the people at emerald coast cook up a phenomenal storm for you
By the way, Richard and emerald coast that we're gonna separate the men from the goiim leaves that Boston to play the broons that could be
The turning point it could be the ugly again or maybe who knows
Anyway, emerald coast start out with six different soups any or all of them if you like and then sample all kinds of fantastic goodies like
New York strip made order in a sizzling Asian grill the brand new seafood jangeok oysters on a half shell
Alaskan stone crab middle like clams and jumbo
Scappy every night. That was kind of weak
If you still have a room sample a hand card prime ripers the new Thai specialties too
There were fake features of full salad bar the new sushi bar and fresh
See him cocktail better
Don't forget no MSD headaches because guess what they don't use any MSD no cornstarch
No crap they cook only in cluster all for your oils
So you walk out of there with a big smile on your pus and you'll be happy camper too
And if you have any room I left at the end of all of these things at the end of all of these things try the dessert station too
They got Belgian waffles
They've got pies and cakes pastries ice cream and all your favorite topics and even fruit is allowed
Emerald coast three locations for you and sunrise
Pine Island of 44th Street
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd and North Miami Beach
And at the intersection of flamingo roads and pepper crowed in pepper pies
So take the whole family take a bunch of strangers off the street or book your next business luncheon right now
Let our friends at Emelcoast cook up a feast fit for a king queen prince and princess at the Emelcoes Chinese buffet
Take out and we're always available to call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22
9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 lots of imitators, but you can't touch it with a stick the amazing Emelcoes Chinese buffet
We're sports radio five six
UAM
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well sir, we're just scouting locations
Jesus, unscouting CEOs you are killing me
But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square for a second treat
Hang on
Raymond
Raymond
Put on the vacuum quitter, Raymond
Get that blue bird out of here
Iceman books sir. Look what we don't admit to a man hand 40 second treat is incredible
I don't want publicly. I support it that but you took all the point away. You're coming
I'm going through gathers gone like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down
I'm gonna need butt munch don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with Lee Rowan's stage 128 million dollars
Now you're trying to ruin the whole network. What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute
Raymond
Yes, I blew bird crap all over your shoulder
Wayne yourself up for heaven's sake
And turn off the module cleaner
Good god
Sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good god. You're still running James Bob movies
They're 60 years old. Why don't you just put steamboat willing on and be done with it?
Please do make a couple of damn dollars
Well the movie division's fine you mentioned we owe in fiction now we have the new emnight shummel on movie coming out later this summer
Signs what the hell does that mean stop sign yields time you got a sex swing in some of these titles past me
Please
Raymond
Raymond
I know you can't hear me
I
Be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm not done with you what bad done
I'll put hamster in your job, but sir
Maybe I put remits in there. I do like to be president of Disney remits
What a wonderful day
Get on it you're not bag
21 to 5 60 we can still play all the Mickey ones not all of them
Why not I was just thinking of what one in particular where he says penis. Yeah, we can still say penis all right
There's there's it's not on the list penis is a very clinical term you just can't use some crude sir
You better get with it man you better get your um
Yeah, okay
Oh poor Bobby Brown
Yeah, a family court judge ordered R&B singer Bobby Brown jail for 90 days until he pays 63
$500 in child support he owes the mother of two children he father
He cried
He cried
After he went to the slamer he cried
He's also charged with misdemeanor battery after he allegedly hit Whitney Houston leaving her with a bruise cheek and a cut lip bruise cheek
Crack them
He cried why did he cry
Anyway, let's see hey Neil you might like this website funrace.org
You can put in a street zip code or name and see how much is being donated and the whose campaign saw some friends donations to bush
Very disappointing says Susie and Weston
Yeah, like the beesleys for example, but I basically want to upcheck but I'll still take the money today's payday
Thank you. Thank you a Georgian Bruce and all that a beesleys. Thank you so very much, but cut the crap
I mean, would you expect any less from them from a bunch of a tree?
I mean, there's the tree hovers and then there's the tree climbers
But you got to climb the tree to live up there in it with your banjo
So Susie and Weston let me put that over here funrace.org
How do you like that wouldn't be something you found that your next door neighbor donated a bunch of money to bush
That would be I speak into my neighbors. I think I might just take a peek into that now that you mention that
I can't get on this thing for lover money to stuff at cc.com
Can you yeah, I was able to before let me see and how come how come you came and I can't what's that all about?
Are you closer? Is that has something to do with it? No, 11 8 40 Wern
Well, that's so we're coming along 11 8 41
Which means we need 159 more by two o'clock. So it's doable. Okay. It's doable. Not a guarantee. It's not a you know, shooing
It's doable
During a lunch hour, especially if people get off their lame ass people a little bit. Oh gee. Oh, Neil
You keep pushing us you bet your sweet ass. I will okay
Something called freedom of speech freedom of choice first amendment all of these little things and the people are busy talking about
That kind of Lisa why don't you get her teeth fixed stuff like that. Oh, I said that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lime and there's some of the crap that they put on the air
Just amazing. It's astonishing. For example, I wonder what others that kid again. It makes me sick to my stomach
Then I just tear your guts out. It doesn't change it
Boy, that just I mean what kind of a world and you people out there. I mean, I say you people. I'm just talking about in general
You religious hens. Yeah, you you the God squad. No, not just the God squad, but I'm just saying in general
The public that sits back and and just is so are you close your brain? Just look around you smell it. Oh, God, what a stench
The stench of religious hate
And they keep talking about what you know they started that with the madrasas all those schools where they teach kids to hate
Oh, how unusual
How unusual it's just a question of pick your poison and who do we hate this week
Which religion is going to teach which other people who are whom to hate
Get rid of it. Get rid of the fairy tales. Okay clear the cobwebs out of your brain
Leave that for Ethan Hawking great expectations or whatever that was all the cobwebs of their the attic
Clear your mind out. Okay. Have like a mental enema
Way to doubt clear it out now. You see right at this point. I would nearly would make like a sound there
But I can't do it. In fact the sound I would play. I guess what's there now more on see think a different one
W Q a m. Hello
Not there Q a m. Hello
Hi, good morning. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. How you doing now pretty good?
I'll go quickly
So I can understand I don't miss these they're all that often yeah, am I correct in that
You can't make a boring noise, but you could say penis. Yes
You can tell you this I mean your the person who programs your show the program
I already have nobody programs to show our corporate attorneys
Enables told us that we can no longer play farting noises. That's correct
You can speak about
No, we can't no we can't speak about penis is we can just say the word though because it's a critical term
I mean, you know most guys have a penis
That's absurd now most guys fart too, but then again except for a Michael Powell the Paul family does not fart. Okay
I you know
If I could point out but I've been a pretty much a my heart Republican
My life and I really am getting caught in a meat grinder because when I speak to my friends who I try to influence people about a foreign policy
Which is perceived as up-speaking Russia 15 years ago
They go you're a liberal and I can no actually I'm actually a car carrying Republicans pretty obvious what's going on
I like Richard Park right and
Even my friends have come out now and said yeah, you were probably always a liberal and I gotta tell you this
That's fathering more than any
He says Republican but a true Republican conservatives and active countries best interest for financial
Conservancy I getting told we're not Republicans if we don't follow the line and
Yeah, when you ask something see they've redefined what the Republican Party is now
You have to be a right-wing extremist or religious nut and you have to be a multi-billionaire and if you're not death
Then you just don't qualify anymore. So so give it up for Len
Well, I enjoy your show very much. Have a good afternoon
Thanks a lot pal have a great day
He's been about two or three times let's hear it. Oh good guy
27 after-know-it-five 60 WQAM
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are positively
Incredible you pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points
Get yourself that amazing unbeatable low interest rate of just 1.25 percent
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere three 34 a month
200,000 dollar loan you pay only
68 a month what's not to like and don't forget once you be financed or get a new home mortgage from financial group
You'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call them toll-free at that new number one eight six six three nine five land
And get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move to your next property with no further cost to expense
Zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero closing costs even when you move to another property
Get the new low rate of financing rate of just one point twenty five percent like I just said with the only one mortgage from financial group
I never pay those nasty
Grotesque closing costs again call today. There's no obligation to give you all the info how this works call one eight six six three nine five land
That's financial group one eight six six three nine five LED the Reneku housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly four point two one
APR
This is 20 or five city QAM
QAM
Tonight an insider behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
He was one half of a hugely successful 80-signan duo and even though both of them are out of work now
It just seemed like more fun to pick on John Oats
Nobody remembers me because I wasn't the pretty one like Darryl Hall
Let's face it. I look like a cross between Freddie Mercury and Billy Bob Thornton
John Oats unrelenting bitterness and tragic loser status
Provide exactly the kind of demeaning
Spinter tightening awkwardness. We love here inside the vine
Well, I'm here to tell the world that I'm back with an all-new show. I simply call in Oats
I'm I'm sorry in Oats featuring all the parts of the Holland Oats song that I made famous parts
You made famous. I'm not sure I understand you look like kiss on my list because your kiss
Because your kiss I get a I see because your kiss. Oh my god. Oh or man eater. Whoa. Here she comes right guy
Whoa here she comes sir. Yep. Whoa. He's gonna stop rich girl rich girl
Pinch girl
That shut up
Mr. Oh, oh Mr. Oh, I'm sorry. Is he singing just the backup again? Oh, it's so tragic and embarrassing
But that's what you guys like right John Oats if they gave an award for a second banana
Hey fcc. I said banana go ahead find me
It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight on inside the behind
2327-01 mad dog at to the Humphurid floor from the that tennis thing
I can't get on it stop fcc.com. There must be a lot of traffic on that either that or like maybe at the border
They put the kabash on it. That's it. It reloads on mine. Just fine. Really?
Sure, I cannot get on that thing for love or money now. Why would that be do you think? I don't know
Not being technically oriented. What about it? Josh? You're the computer expert your gay to many people what it is
Well, there's too many people on how come George gets on her right away
And I came for like the last 40 minutes or so. Is that what it is one of those pictures?
You know, maybe we ought to get
What's his name Robert stacking on this so that he's still dead?
Damn it anyway 11,849
Well, that's not so great
That means we need 151 to go to get to 12,000. We're not gonna do that unless they get with it
This is really this is embarrassing. Okay. I thought we were just rolling along singing a song and now you tell me it's 11,849
That is pathetic
So we still need 151
I mean, so we got a whole 120 today in like two and a half hours. Wow the power of kneel
My god, I know I was a little on the limper side, but this is pathetic talk about dropping a ball
That's what Duff calls it
Let's get on there stop FCC.com. No excuses. Okay. No more BS
Let's hop on it. We need 151 more by two o'clock or well, you'll see
Which of these oh look at that I can't get on that thing at all. I don't understand how you're maybe you're the only one to get
Get on it. I don't know maybe it's a Canadian thing
Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the ugliest?
Serra Jessica Parker. She's in a leak of her own 209
Paris Hilton 131 Fabio 65
Justin's tinkerbell 40. He is gruesome
JLo 37 Julia Roberts 28 Sandra Bernhard 24
Torrey spelling 21
Now she who's as she errands spelling's daughters that who she is correct
Aaron spelling who like produce a lot of those shows that you like because they were captured
90210 around her
Yeah, but what then he also do like before that long before that those cop shows. Yes. Anyway
Naomi Campbell 20 Tom Cruise 19 Merrill Street 17
Madonna who should be doing a lot better than this. She's got 11. Oh, please, please
Uh, Pam Anderson 8 Jackie Johnson 7 50 Davis 7 pink 7 to you left it to Betty Davis
Great actress, but boy. She was you go in the way. They she was supposed to be like a pretty hot
She wasn't really Christian Aguilar a six year or five Jennifer Anderson three
Lauren Hutton's got a peer Owen Wilson want can I say that uma?
Thurmond 2 Sandra Bullock 2 I feel so bad for Sandra
Catherine Hepburn 1 Kate Moss 1 non-per-richard year of Marlena Dietrich out of 675
Richard gear. He is a horses ass. He looks bad. Anyway, although you know
The women out there they think to see that's the idea of good looking
Sean Connery Richard gear. He's a manly guy
He's not one of them like pretty kind of guys like Enrique like you like me. Oh well good. Good. Good luck to their idea of good looking is on TV
craggy
No craggy is what's good looking
craggy looking guy. He's a real muscular manly guy. Yeah
Like Jim J Bullock
Okay
Okay
Donald Trump is a good choice. He to me is always looked exactly the same with a crappy carrot top here
Never see him and carrot top together
Same person
In fact, I would say Donald Trump is carrot top with money
Okay, you don't agree about Donald Trump
What about him? He's an ugly beast
There are the people who are impressed by money. They think that he's
The money is beautiful. His face looks like I think you mentioned the horses ass earlier
The what he did what he just say? Oh
Josh better open up that jar again the bell jar
Georgia is gonna be broke by before next page. It's the name of the thing. It's pay day today
And of course with the big bucks that Georgia make
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T. I feel
frustrated that I can't vlog out of this stuff FCC.com that I've been like chopped off here. What what can that be?
I don't know
Because I can go right out of two well, so what did I do?
Let me just check the hot my email here oops. Let me check my email
Uh, and see if there's like so that came up that popped up and there's no messages on it
I thought maybe Eric was gonna send me like explain to me why I'm been a chopped off cut off deported all of these things
WQAM hello, yeah, I can't leave them for the shot drags that are there yet
Do we put them on there? Yeah, somebody called from Michael Jackson. Let's get him on there. Yeah, he was considered
What you left it up to us. Oh you decide not to like I said don't put them on there
We don't want too many pedophiles on the list WQAM. Hello. Not there QAM. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Yes, I am
Okay, I just wanted to let you know how about corking love
How about corking love stinks
I know
Okay
No, it's Roy Rogers. Okay, Courtney love. Let's get that right on there. Okay. Who do you think he was talking to?
I don't understand some of these people. I know we're doing screenless for next to five 10 years, but what was that guy's story?
Confused Courtney loves stinks now. Can we still play that? Oh, let me just tell you one
Then I think might be a little bit tough
Hey
People I'm
Come on
Come on. Where's your fighting spirit now? Let's uh
Okay, that's fine. There you go. Cars fast. I'm hot shiny. I'm just playing it ahead in my head
My car is fast my teeth is shy. Oh girl. I tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding. Oh, what's wrong with that so far so good
Right sure that's fine. Frank's app is chocolate and his grave
Okay, well
Let's to help with my paper
Is that what it said but he says oh and right after that
We can still say rape oh, I should have let that go. Well, we'll try it again a little later on
Just see how far we can go with that. Oh, it's up. It's getting all like
Oh, gee, why you doing that?
Yeah, my clearance are in here like emoting
Let me just try this one. If I can't get on this right now. I think it's a communist plot
I think uh some real tourists is coming here
I I click that baby and nothing happens at all. Hey, Bokobrine suggested Jamie Lee Curtis for the list
You know, that's a good choice. Jamie Lee. He's a pretty much guy. Yes. He is plenty but I put you then daddy then the Tony Curtis
About him nice upstairs dose this we can't say that other word anymore
Nice upstairs
On PBS upstairs downstairs. Oh, we certainly can't say downstairs
Here sports radio 560 she went
Dig can hardly wester klock how it being screams a lot John that was Kennedy
inen
Anno
And
I'm playing
Oh
Oh, what a novelty man migrants off shorter just washing up out of shore off for a load of nearly see this on CNN
Not a good condition either several migrants in the water off for a lot of it and I had her voice it into the helicopter and
He continues to be in the water right now to make sure that there aren't any other
Stress at this time so right now our concern is most definitely the safety of these individuals in Duel we can't do well
Save their lives
Lieutenant Russell good luck to you good luck to all the men and we get out of here wolf don't ever
Sticky nose in around my show again you idiot
Several migrants not in good medical condition washing up in Fort Lauderdale. Did you see what they looked like?
I wasn't paying any attention. I saw the one there kubanos
That's what it looked like
They weren't black they were what they weren't black well that's what I was talking about
That was my drift course if they were black they still could have been few wins but they could have been Haitian suit
They could have been hotheatians what they could be more like bohemians but
Joel in the banana republic says how about mark Anthony?
That's a fabulous choice for the pool Joe like this magnifico
It says if he's a Latin sexable. What does that say about latins? Oh my god
All of these right
I can't find where these things are oh my god
Mark Anthony he looks like Skeletor. Yeah, he does he looks like he's been on that Auschwitz diet
Mark Anthony. It's a very good choice plus. I'll tell you another thing about mark Anthony can't sing for crap
See I would play that little bit, but I haven't listened to it yet. So I don't know what they're you know how would the people don't play don't play
I got the good news though
Good news. I'm on stop FCC.com boy. I had a picture of a time getting on this thing
98,000 80 signatures and we got as at least the right left it up here 11,000 880
We can do that. It's doable 120 by a two o'clock. It's doable again
Just what we thought that these people were looking let us down now it's doable again
We can get to 12,000 like falling off a log. Let's get these guys just washed up. Let's get them to the library quick
Let's get their votes on there to in fact give them a photo registration card right now at a 57 Chevy
I did our okay diary. There you go. No, don't do that. Thank you. We listen to it. I
Don't be listening to it. I'm on B to help it. It out I'm on B
Hey, don't forget by the way say the hell with the clear channel if you're not sure what stations they own in the market
Oh, no look at that
Somebody went on that fundraise.org thing
David Samson the president of the Florida Marlins. I mean this is public knowledge because it's a right on the who won the world serious
We did it gave two grand to Julie Lieberman. Is that well? I mean, you know
Some people are just not too bright
That two grand could have been my start on that to build that stadium, right? Sure
Down here a couple of grand there put it on lay away
I'm looking to see if there's any other names on here that I know I see let's see George Bush
I don't see anybody gave money to or did carry on his list. That's kind of scary
Now the zip code is 33325
Uh, that's in plantation. Yeah, sunrise kind of like sunrise. He plantation that area that neck of the woods
Okay, that red neck of the woods that red neck of the world most of the people on let's see
Edwards Gebhardt. Geb I'm not going to read the names Lieberman
David Samson to grand a Julie Lieberman Bobby Graham George W George W George W George W George W George W
Wesley Clark to Gebhard to Gebhardt. That's what we got so far nobody for John Kerry or even Howard Dean
Oh
This is kind of an interesting thing you know what I like it
So those people out there about nothing else to do I have no life. There's something for you to do up for ruse
The website again is uh
Fund race if you in D fund race.org
And you can punch in any uh zip code and it goes up and down
I don't know how does it do the whole thing. I don't know check it out. Let us know
No, I'm not going to check it out right now do it after the show unless you want to do the rest of the show
And I'll check it out. That would look kind of fun music right here
No, that's not to that. Oh, I would rather read to the more in doubt column before we go back and take a more
Of course read that marine doubt kind of oh
Truth as a weapon in the New York Times truth as a weapon the truth shall say to you for you. She is so good
As the White House was sliming Richard Clark the 911 families were stroking him
Several relatives of victims surrounded the ex counterterrorism chief after his testimony yesterday and reached out to pat him
After being condescended to Stonewalled led on and put off by the White House. They were glad to hear somebody say finally
Those entrusted with protecting you failed you and I failed you
Mr. Clark is the first person who's apologized to the families and held himself accountable said the lovely
Kristen Brightweiser of New Jersey who was husband died in the south tower
I'm enormously grateful for that. She and other wouldos left the hairy room to protest
Condoleezer rice's lame no show
If only Sandy burger red totally incoming bush officials that al-Qaeda was no big deal
They might have gotten alarmed about it
They were determined to disdain all things Clinton including what they considered his over over emphasis on terrorism
Big chainy rummy at all were on amber alert preserved in amber as mr. Clark put it
Obsessing on old GOP issues that have been hot when they were last in power like a menacing Sodom and a Star Wars
Shield to protect America from awesome might of the evil empire
Terrorism wasn't their real cup of tea anyhow
As mr. Clark writes the ascension of al-Qaeda and the devolution of Iraq were topics that called for nuance
Bush and his inner circle had no real interest in complicated analyses on the issues that they cared about
They already knew the answers. It was received wisdom
The bush crew was thinking big and Osama seemed puny to them
Dom or rumsfeld told the 9-11 paddle that there'd been no point
retaliating for the coal bombing in October 2000
Four months after the fact because that might have been said a signal of weakness
So it was too late to wackosama four months later, but not too late to rewact Sodom 12 years later
As he admitted to the commission on Tuesday the defense secretary didn't like the idea of going after Osama
Afghanistan because it didn't have a lot of targets
You just ended up bombing rocks instead of palaces
Afghanistan was something like 8,000 miles from the US you can pound rubble in an al-Qaeda training camp 15 times
And not too much damage they can put their tents right back up
So not sure we're not convenient crummy excuses rummy
Paul Wolfowitz was completely uninterested in al-Qaeda unless you could use it as a rationale to invade Iraq as part of his
grandiose dream to remake the Middle East in his image and John Ascroff was just too busy covering up
Estatius and trying to cut counterterrorism funds
In the Clark book Mr. Wolfowitz Fidget says Mr. Clark urges that armed predators target Osama at a meeting in April of 2001
Well wolfie wines. I just don't understand why we're beginning by talking about this one man bin Laden
Besides confirming what we already know the national security in this White House has been as ideologically driven as the domestic agenda
The Clark book and the commission hearings are the most chilling and describing how clueless the agencies charged with sorting through
Under Clinton and Bush
Reprising the scene in the White House at 9.11 Mr. Clark says Dale Watson the FBI's counterterrorism chief called him
We got passenger manifest from the airlines Mr. Watson said we recognize some names dick their al-Qaeda
Mr. Clark we call I was stunned not that the attack was al-Qaeda but that the way al-Qaeda operatives on board
Uh on board aircraft using names that FBI knew where al-Qaeda
Mr. Watson told Mr. Clark that CIA forgot to tell us about them the CIA forgot to tell us about them
Mr. Clark's argument that the Bush teams misguided adventurism in Iraq is actually spawn more terrorism
And I've heard in resources has panicked the Bushes who are running as heroic terrier or terror warriors
It's always gross to see a White House stoop to smearing of the character of someone seen as a threat
It was sickening when the Clinton White House smeared Monica Lewinsky and it's sickening now says more in doubt and she is
Absolutely correct, ma'am
She's good
We're in doubt then of course we got the pledge thing the Supreme Court heard the arguments yesterday
I mean under God
Yeah, and I listen to some of the uh comments on the news last night from some of the justices well
This is in fact probably in the article. I don't want to misquote
These are just like uh, you know below below the radar of the uh, you know, it's part of American tradition right
Sure
Of course what is above the radar are fart sounds fart sounds are above the radar
But uh under God is below the radar of separation of church and state and the first amendment all of these things
You know I'm saying all of these things right
Not long after the Supreme Court came to order yesterday with the invocation God saved the United States in the honorable court
The justices were deep and a wrenching argument over the millions of public schools should remain continued pledging allegiance to one nation under God
Only if it's still good now you got it now you're talking
The religious reference in the pledge of allegiance say california atheist argued is an unconstitutional government's promotion of religion in his daughter's third great classroom
And you know what he is absolutely correct. I am an atheist. I don't believe in God Michael
Anodot told the justices and a wrapped pack courtroom arguing with passion and personal size
Unusual for the dry cerebral high court. Oh, yeah, they're real cerebral
I like when parents Thomas goes
Every school morning my child is asked to stand up face that bag a flag put her hand over her heart and say that her father is wrong
On the other side Bush administration attorney the anxious Ted Olson said the pledge reflects America's religious heritage. Oh, yeah
Jerry Falwell and power Robertson will be proud Ted
It is an acknowledgement of the religious basis of the framers of the constitution who believed not only that the right to be
Hold but the right to best power into people to create a government came as a result of religious principles
Olson said that is a crocker crap is what that is
That is a total and positive and absolute crock of crap
Yeah, and by the way, you know when it comes to crap
Yeah, I think I'm over my quarter for the day
My
So
Television events of the year oh
Jason's in return says the alternate friends there with hilarious wrote splitting fun in
Jews his I'm just expecting moving things are husband will be walking through the door
You can't say that it's
Ludgeoning is fine, but you can't say that one can I eat her flesh? Oh, I guess it's okay to say great. Thank you. Love for the food. I
Don't miss oh Jason's in it
Only on FCC approved 30 word free TV
Oh, it's a one o'clock at five sixty WQM. Happy Thursday to you mad dog Jim mad at you too
The Humper the Hebrew hammer
I delivered four flocks till six thirty tonight because it's six thirty we have panther preview enough
Another tough assignment to an hour for the Humper
Panther preview at six thirty the panthers had Carolina to play the hercones at seven o'clock and he can't do the hockey game and then you don't want to know
Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the
Agrius that's our pull quest on the O'Rodgers calm today. Don't forget take a peek if you're over the age of 80
At Paula Barbieri
Behind a beating curtain you must have fourteen pieces of ID a permission to look from your great grandparents and then take a quick look at John
Ascroft where they give you that wink wink nudge nudge you can go ahead and look or get out of here
Right, right? In fact, it wouldn't surprise me someday if we go behind a beating curtain on our website and
John Ascroft has dropped that cloth to cover up whatever we got on there wouldn't surprise me you got a drop cloth
Ha ha ha no the guy that's looking on there. He's the one with the washcloth
Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the ugliest?
Sarah Jessica Parker 230 man she you can't touch her inevitably nobody would like to bet
Paris Hilton 136 Fabio who put the F and F
He's got 71 man. He is gruesome. Oh man
JLo 42 just in Tinkerbell 41 Sandra Bernhard 36 Julia Roberts 32
Tori spelling 24 she's right on Julia's ass
Naomi Campbell 23 Meryl Streep 20 Tom Cruise 19
He's a hunchback, you know
Learning oh necessarily he's kind of a no Tom Cruise. He's kind of a hunchback. Do you ever see that no take close look next time
Madonna 14 Pam Anderson 11 pink 9 for pink
Share eight Jackie Johnson 8
Do we ever procorny love on here or not
Are they with it? Yeah
Eddie Davis 7 Christina Aguilara 6
Minimous Donald Trump 4 Courtney love 4 there she is came was 3 Jennifer Aniston 3 or is that Aniston
Sandra Bullock 3 Catherine Hepburn 2 Lauren Hutton 2 Owen Wilson 2 Jackie Wilson
Uh Uma Thurmond 2 Jamie Lee Curtis 1 and no votes yet for Richard gear Marley the trick or Mark Anthony out of 764 you got to be kidding me
Mark Anthony man you were right he's got that doc howl look he is just
Emaciated like somebody like somebody pulled the the the um skin over the bones of his face right that's right
Like somebody got one of those shrunken heads and pulled a bunch of skin over it. Yeah
I'm just following you now. That's what he looks like Mark Anthony man plus he can't sing for crap either
Oh, sorry. That's one. Let me put some money in a jar. I think I'm one crap over the line. Remember that song?
We have one talk over the line. Oh 5 6 7 0 5 6
You get your toe back behind the line. That's what we get to it every morning. Okay. Get your toes back behind the line
WQ a.m. Hello
I got milk this sir. I got one for the poll. That was just a token
Expression to abuse the up in clearance. Yes sir. Yes. Uh even though I'm a seasonal
Beyond standards is the ugliest man on television. That's an a magnificent choice man
That's just on television. I think in the free world in the western world
Absolutely good choice. Thanks pal. Thank you. Deon Sanders neon Dion
Now guarantee we got one thing in here we can still play
My kids make out for a game when I started to now that he says sitting at home. Okay. I want to clarify that because I
I'm sure you've like bounced about two feet up in the air when I first started playing it. I haven't come down yet
Ha ha ha ha ha ha not that we're panicky you understand but I'm like that. Yeah
I know somebody was panicking there. He's he's probably popping pills
Like pez right now and we're not talking gavascond. He probably got all those
Oxies that will most hide in the back in the room closet. Flintstones. True. Oh course. Now if you people
You know forget about Larry King because all of his people over the age of 100 anyway
You know who ought to be a promoter on TV and we get 50 million signatures right away because people do whatever this person says
Oprah there you go. Yeah. Wow. What?
Well she's she's been accused
She's in the middle of it now now that certain got her in the middle of all this stuff with all of her
Supposedly clinical discussions about teenage sex and anal sex and this kind of sex. I think what's your name?
Oprah. I think she got on there and told all the women of America we'd have 40 billion signatures before the end of the day
I'm telling it right but she won't
Why not?
How's it gonna make her how do you know that because I know her?
Now I'll tell you I'll get let me give you some more suggestions. All right
Your former friend Al Goldstein
I don't I guess he's probably not pretty in school magazine anymore. I think they
Whatever he was he was up for sale for a while, but I had nothing beyond now that would be a great place
I mean since most of the issues
I'm sure I sold in New York and if he still has websites I wish I'd doubt but he's also good buddies with Larry Flint
Right and since he probably doesn't have too much to do anymore. So I've tried to like scrape up a few bucks
You ought to call him if his phone still connected right Jeff speaks to him frequently
There you go. Why not get a speaking of ponytail. Is he still in business or what?
I don't hear anything about him doing fine. So I do you see? Yeah, huh? No, I don't want to get pushy because I'm sure he's okay
There's Howard Dean okay now fair to say Howard Dean
But not exactly the eye to eye cut the crap over look at it not just a hug in an embrace, but man
Oh man little tongue-action air little grinding carry and Dean man you talk about tight. Oh, we can't say that
But who else was that gonna say Larry Flint if he put a thing in hustler magazine? I mean wouldn't that be a perfect place for it?
absolutely right
And who else am I thinking about
Because there are people out there who know for example we got all everybody in a business listen to this show
Now somebody got a hold somebody in Detroit was listening on the internet somebody got a hold of those guys at r.i.f. and Detroit
And show enough all these Michigan tally start come on this morning. That's a good start
That's all it takes is you get somebody with a little bit of cloud somebody who cares somebody doesn't want to pay a half a million dollars if they play farting noises
Now let's see what's what what happened there today Michigan to make a little move it all on the list
We got 11,901 we did 99
Too bad sunny hurshane still about you know he get us those 99 yard yards
How is Michigan doing Michigan is I don't know I even see it
Here's Rhode Island and California and Georgia and Kentucky and Arizona
But I don't see out 24 55 Michigan. Well, they're making a move now
Thanks to John in Pembroke Pines by the way I see he's one the last five we sign on there and David and Naples
David and Naples I wonder if he knows joy
Oh step on her toes if you know it's you know 98,340 you know by the time I sit my fat ass down here tomorrow
By the time we can fabulate at 10 o'clock tomorrow morning. There'll be over 100,000 signatures on here
Like I can't guarantee that if Scott gets a million signatures on this thing that it's gonna have the impact
We hope but at least we can say we give it our best shot, okay?
Just like any Johnson used to say we got a shot give it a try, okay?
Don't just take it laying down and roll over and play dead for the FCC and a bunch of and don't forget nobody elects the FCC
They're appointed
Nobody ever voted for any of these five schmucks on the FCC
Any of these five calls on the FCC
They just sit around the table and of course you do realize who started this whole business of really cracking down on indecency on the radio and TV
Jesse Helms
That's who's bidding they were doing
Back in the 86 when I started the first deal and then of course I get a 96 with all this they keep adding and making up more stuff when you when you
Just strip away the BS and you look at this business about sexual activity or organs, excretory activity
Based based on what they just made that up
They just made that up as a catch-all to preclude whatever they decided is too discussing and filthy like sex or nudity or the human body or things that we do every day
Uh too filthy for discussion by adults
Oh, did I say adults? I'm sorry. We got to protect the children the children like that one bit. I love it
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
WQAM hello
Pretty good sir. I'm 71 years old and I love the attack that you got going on this FCC
I think it's way out of control and right next to me to have to be an American. Yep pathetic
Like not too many all over again. I had something for your poll, but I forgot about it
I was I'm using your pound 560
Thanks for the I guess the vine I guess is that one guy would say on this show
Row me or whatever
Anyway, uh, I
I'm so far you found that I don't understand that
What do you think? So I hate to what do I think I think it's madness man. I mean it's it's humor
It's humor these people have no sense of humor. You can't be funny anymore. I figured they would have took that gay
That gay thing off also, but you know I heard you punched that by saying that was pretty funny
Okay, can you believe it? I was through all that the whole thing. Did you know with him? Yeah, I told Josh the first words out of his mouth
I didn't the most I'm not gonna play anymore sound like he was gargling with razor blades
Well, I didn't I usually get him you got to give me credit for that. I give you credit the anxious Reverend Jones are real
cool
Wow how sad how tragic
By the way, if you died we'd have a party. I just mentioned it. I mean I'd pay
Let's see will fax and says little Kim despite what mad dog said she's a fine little midget host as mad dog
uh
It's as a whole is still a whole we can still say whole right garden you garden with right
So uh garden carefully little Kim don't get her on there right away
I ain't got to open that little Kim. I mean, yeah, please. It's own, but then I get mad dog had a crush on
Greta von Sustor and Brown to Kim's got class. I see anybody who wears what she does she's a class rhymes with
well, let's say
uh
90
This is happening just a little over week ago. They were like about 40,000 on their Florida 11,909
We're still 91 away. We got 49 minutes. We better do it. You think it'll happen? Uh, no
You don't know it's my my stance. I see prove me wrong George. Don't take you people can do it
You're all we know they're 99 signatures by two o'clock. He thinks the whole audience is already signed up
How about all the rest of the people in the building we got John jarris right we got us of course all three of us John jarris kid curry
Uh, who else?
That's it
No, come on stuff
mufflin Z but about clearance. I don't know
Claret's probably couldn't find stuff at cc.com because it's not a sports website
Here's the fact that says maybe next year the super bowl halftime show should have a middle eastern thing with women covered from head to toe
No burka malfunctions, please
Ah
Palestinian rock throwing constant that hideous scream that they do
Right, I think the cowards of the fcc would approve
I say cowards because the fcc in the right wing in this country have folded before the terrorist threat
They fixed their tails affirmly between their legs and bowed. Oh, we got this tax yesterday too
Oh, I didn't read them. I'm not reading it one's got nothing to do with the other it's a silly thing
Here's one that says thanks so much for adding the downloadable archives
I never got a chance to listen to work now in the afternoon
I just download the day shown in my laptop and let's want to get home. It's perfect
Says have also signed to stop FCC petition the boycott clear channel petition and donate a hundred bucks to John Kerry
Then Democratic Party move on dot org in the ACLU if I can give the two thousand elementary
I would things look pretty bleak, but I'm doing whatever I can
How do you like that? Also, it says I voted for the poster child of euro trash Fabio an excellent choice the man who put the
F the F whatever we did poor thought he put the
Boy you want to go on a diet the Fabio diet just around yourself with pictures of that creature and believe you me
You only a meal from my I'm telling you
What I look I try to understand not everybody's got the same taste which is great, but I try to understand how anybody can look at that you know
There'll be like if somebody looked at a pile of
Dung can I say Dung?
I'll ask the Lord yeah, well last tomorrow because we ever just said it and said boys, not beautiful
And I would have a difficult time relating to that. I mean maybe it would be the most beautiful Dung they've ever seen
But I mean in fact when I think of Fabio I think of him in the same connection with the the D word
That's the new D word done if you say too many times you'll be done done
113 at 560 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need
It's the only one mortgage from financial group. We've been telling you about it for a long time
What you wait not the benefits are incredible unbeatable you pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even
Zero discounted points get the new low interest rate of just 1.25 percent if you have yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments
You're just 3.30 for a month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only
68 a month and don't forget once you refinance you get a new home mortgage from financial group
You will never ever pay those ugly grotesque needless closing costs again
So if you want to get more information about this and what it can do for you call a toll free number no obligation call
1 866 395 land get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move to nice property with no further cost of expense
Zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero closing costs even when you move to another property get that new low
Refinancing rate of just 1.25 percent. It's the only one mortgage from financial group never pay those closing costs again
Call today 1 866 395 land that's 1 866 395 LED the Reneku housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR
My and local this is 4.25 city
Spread them and say cheese
All right
No hand there's no need to feel down or have no feet
Conterns to the ground a new eyeball
So put your glass eyeball down. There's a place you can be half-feet
Ladders there's a special today or some fingers
It's double coupon date if you're buying
Welcome to listen 10 parts you'll find you can use their new express line
Body parts of you
See L.A. We sell the body parts of you
Everything from a thumb to a jaw all you need is your
Oh, you get your body parts of you see L.A. All sorts of body parts of you
You can get a new heart even a naughty part you can put it on your credit card
One I think it's 560 WQ I am anyway
That thing an Amsterdam at Central Station
Yeah, what they false alarm. Oh the bone thread. Oh, that they
That's officials briefly evacuated central station on Thursday over a bomb threat. But later we open the station saying they found nothing
Maybe a little dope
Meanwhile array are real way spokesmith said the station at Roussendall the town near the Belgian border been closed over a bomb threat and the train traffic halted had been
Trafficking in and out of the dust cavern was halted around 130 there time
It police around a lot of public back at the station about an hour later nothing was found were reopening the station
Everything okay and
It's like a zone. That's what I said
11,933 were just 67 away from 12,000 signatures on stop FCC dot com you've got 40 minutes to do it
It's a piece of cake shouldn't it be it should be but 67
Yeah, keep being negative. That's a good strategy good psychology
I agree with it. We don't think you people can do it weak
We think you're weak and lame and lazy lazy
This is my favorite story of all time that you just facts to me. I love this
Guess who man saw in a pecan tree. I'll give you one guess Jesus Christ there you go
And look at look that's a touches Louisiana. I never heard of such a place did you don't say it again?
That's a tockas Louisiana. I can't believe it
N-A-T-C-H-I-T-O-C-H-E-S-N-A-T-T-T-T-C-L-E-Z-N-A
Illusiaeanoman says he's always had Jesus in his heart now he said he's got Jesus Christ in his pecan tree as well
I think he's been watching too many male gifts in movies
At first glance it looks like any other pecan tree
But with a little closer look you may notice an image of what Clyde Jackson says is Jesus Christ
Jackson says he first spotted him while Barbarqueen is backyard. I think if you look up at that tree again
You'll see it's really one of the beeslees
Benjo boy. Yeah
Now people stop but oh eat your heart out while Rosa Lopez in Hollywood. She's got the Virgin Mary on her
Totino's pizza there in Hollywood forget about her. She's small potatoes
This guy's got Clyde has got Jesus in his pecan tree
Now people stop by each night to check it out for themselves
Jackson says the best time to view it is around 6 p.m. Central Standard time
Maybe that's when Jesus Christ stops by for dinner the regular appearances
Maybe wants to nibble on some of them pecan's or some other. Oh, I bet it's it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Oh, don't say this and don't say that
What a joke, but you know something today was payday
I'm sure the check arrived probably even a day early and everything just we move right along
Speaking of checks and money and stuff like that
There is a guy that the used to be put on talk shows in South Florida like light bulb kind of people
I don't want to say mr. Ego used to have mine constantly and others
Irwin Schiff
I'm probably before your time he was all the time how to hurt how not to pay taxes you never heard of this guy no
Well, I have some very good news for you. Is he dead a federal grand jury indicted an anti-tax author and two others yesterday for helping
Thousands of taxpayers file bogus returns
Irwin Schiff who wrote the federal mafia how it illegally imposed it on all on lawfully collection
Con taxes are used that there's no legal requirement to be income taxes government attorneys have been pursuing
Civil actions the bar from selling his book and only tax seminars
There's no magic way out of paying taxes said Alino Conner assist in US Attorney General for the tax division in DC
Prosecutors saved the three were responsible for nearly five thousand tax returns that fraudulently reported no income
These zero returns include now the three who are the three?
Out of I see and and two others of cohort these zero returns included zeros on every line related to income and expenses and often claim to full refund of all federal taxes with
Elder paid after filing the zero returns many of Schiff's clients based IRS audits and tax collections the indictment says
Schiff's business freedom books generated three point seven million dollars from 97 to 2002 and of course
Shipped in report any income on federal tax returns from 87 to 2002 hiding money in an offshore bank account the indictment says
Schiff 76 is he'll file a most of this missed the case and my arrangement
I'll plead guilty all the charges if they can show me a law in the code that says person's earning income are liable for income taxes
He's been saved as for for Zidians a year
As long as I could if convicted he faces the maximum of 43 years and three point two five million dollars and fines
That's court date April 14
So Schiff has been a regular visitor visitor and federal court
Two dates this week alone since the IRS rated freedom books in February 2003
On Tuesday he's not the return to some 14,000 documents seized in the raid and today
He's is said to appear concerning a justice department request for an order to require him to pay two and a half million dollars in taxes
Interest and penalties so if you want to get sucked in by some of the crap they pedal on these stupid talk shows go right ahead
Don't pay your taxes. We'll see you in jail. Have a good time. Enjoy the meals
5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let me just refresh this one more time. Okay
Al Jazeera
Erison reported audio tape of al Qaeda's oh I'm in the pymons. Oh, I was all I hear
I thought we had him cornered though last week. Do you mean
He was cornered. He was miles away from being captured. I guess maybe not as you say no specific reference to that huge press
That supposedly had surrounded him no no specifics and as a wahi
Why just love the way she said that
11,946 we still got away to go boys and girls if you take it for granted leave it in somebody else's hands man
Got to know what they'll do with it
54 to go. Oh, that's Octavia Nasir
Senior Editor for Arab Affairs area of
It's the board
Maybe better but yeah, whatever you say so he's still alive. I was well here
And Osama, but you know it notice Richard Clark says that pretty soon they're gonna catch Osama
And they would have had him two years ago except for all the money they've been wasting on Iraq and they're burning not only the funds
But all the resources and all these things
He's great. Did you see him on king last night?
I saw the clips that they've been showing all day today. Oh, and what somebody please tell every king mr. embarrassment
That Michael is a cop from Newsweek magazine is Michael Wycecraft
Here's a guy who is on worldwide TV
CNN and CNN international, no matter where you're going to world you can't get away from him
You wait yeah, in fact he's on a three I think three in a morning if I recall in the western Europe
You wake up at three in a morning you turn on your TV you got in something your body hasn't your body clock hasn't changed
And you hear a voice saying don't be trusted out there he is
But last night boy that he make an ass out of himself or what
As usual he was even stabbing his suspenders he was so embarrassed 26 past one at QAM
QAM
Elkado
Elkado
U
uh
Um
夜
Ah
Don't be too inject
If we take out all those maniacs
So I'm singing Alcatta
Alcatta
I'm so damn tired
Alcatta
Blow my boom drop boom drop boom now blow my boom drop boom drop boom now blow
Alcatta
Hey wait
Alcatta
Alcatta
Where he came from?
He came from
Alcatta
Blow my boom drop boom drop boom now blow my boom drop boom drop boom now blow
Alcatta
Today
Alcatta
Holy crap in his 15 is 59 degrees people that is Toronto
Landers of free and home of the brave
Wow wow wow wow wow wow that's astonishing are you shocked?
I'm shocked in just a minute
I always liked that when it predict a high of whatever and then it like
Surprise we meet you
As opposed to what often happens up north especially is the predict oh it's gonna be like
50 degrees. It turns out to be like 39 you know
what it kind of lets you down
15-19 degrees I'm
I realize to people in South Florida that's pretty chilly man. It is like heaven
Paradise. Absolutely. You got it. Which I can't get on the thing again by the way. Do I want to keep me since we got 27 minutes to go? I don't want to let that you know.
Eric sent me a long detail technical explanation why at times I can't get through and you can.
Thanks Eric. I still don't get it. I get it. And you got a level. You don't have it in 65. How much?
11,000 965. That means we need only 35. We ought to be able to do that just like going down on the floor going into a coma. No problem. I got to say.
Steven's your degrees out. But don't you know.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Berkeley Bible.
Is he told you what it is?
You're saying agand I'm talking to erste Logan Bond, heARS Muslim men.
pink 12 and everybody else, small potatoes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
line. QAAM, hello.
Hi, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Great. A couple comments. First of all, I heard that they had the island, the Pylon
Corner, but you escaped along with Jimmy Hoffa.
Mm-hmm.
So, I hear he said the metal lines he's waiting for are Brian Sears in the third race.
Hey, that could be two.
Yeah.
They've got somebody with a towel on his head there, so 50 hits.
I just wanted to say that you're coming about the right wing idiots and the Republican Party
co-opting all the name of the Republicans.
Oh, but that's not brand new.
This has been going on.
Reagan started it in the 80s and they've made a steadily progression and now the Republican
Party has been totally right wingized.
I mean, there's nothing left.
Which is amazing when you consider that the classic liberal tradition is exactly the
opposite of what is going on today.
It is for total freedom.
It is more completely upholding the First Amendment, right?
No, you mean to you said liberal?
You mean conservative philosophy?
No, no.
Classic liberal.
Classic liberal means more like the libertarian.
Yeah.
Classic liberal is known as the true freedom.
But that is also what two conservatives means with small government, less government,
less than children to our lives.
Exactly.
Because the narrative means small government get out of their lives of the individual.
And it's just exactly the opposite now.
It's just the right wing.
Oh, speaking of right wing, wait a minute.
In about 30 minutes, the defense takes...
And the Bush-Mistar on air for a second with an angle.
Look of anguish on his voice.
Go ahead.
Please, I just had my lunch.
I know.
It really makes us mad to leave me.
People used to be active and supportive of some of the things that our property party
was doing.
It just appeared, don't exist anymore.
And the alternative, sadly, is not that great.
No, pretty weak, you're right.
It's fine.
What can you do?
Thanks for having me.
May I move up here with you?
Okay, I'll see you at the order.
At least the alternative is just a buffer.
Everybody needs a buffer.
But that's all the Democrats are, just a buffer.
And this thing with freedom of speech, let me say it again.
For those of you who think it's a liberal against conservatives, I'm going to do with
that.
There are five members of the FCC, three Republicans, including the Chairman Michael Powell,
and two of our Democrats.
And the two Democrats are as or more rabid and more vehement against freedom of speech
than even Michael Powell.
How do you like that?
I don't.
And I don't see, other than Russ Finegold and Wisconsin, other than him, I don't see anybody
in the Democratic Party going to bat for us.
I don't see any of those great traditional liberals saying, oh, wait a minute.
This is, this is part of this whole chilling of speech in the descent.
Just like Eric Fleischer said, watch what you say.
Right.
I guess he wasn't kidding what he said that.
Be careful what you say.
Loose lips.
Sink.
A lot of things I can think of.
There we can't say anything.
Right.
Filling of blank.
Let me just see if I can hop on this thing one more time.
It's frustrating when I can't get on here.
Although I know that you can, but I like to see it.
And the number two, what have heard what do you got?
I just be fresh.
Hang on.
Where do we go?
Maybe we got to our 12,000 already and then I can get off your ass on this for today.
Come on.
It's not doing it.
Is it?
Oh, damn it.
Can't get on there.
What about Josh?
Can you get on it?
Okay.
Got it.
11, 976.
976.
That means we still got 24 more to go.
Like I told you, don't take it for granted because if we get to two o'clock, it's like
11, 997 or something, we're short.
It's going to be really bad.
We'll be in the air until they get it.
Okay.
We'll stand in about midnight.
56670560.
560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You may have just allowed me to say my favorite football player is Dick Buckhead.
No.
No.
56670, we could have said that, but the fact is he's just, you know, when you want to
say something, you were twolessly even, I'm not going to put it on.
No, because it's not funny and your jerk is what you are.
Okay.
Which means you're probably part of management.
You're an idiot.
56670560.
566808T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm not curious.
I'm sure that the mad dog and hank are both pushing us stuff at CC.com.
Aren't they?
On our sports shows?
You see anybody who mistakenly believes, and I'm talking about the audience and those
people who work inside this radio station, anybody thinks it's just about Neel Rogers
or Howard Stern or any other potty mouthful so-called shock shock, are you dreaming?
And I've heard some of the crap that some of you guys have blurred out and believe
you me, even I've heard a little bit of red in the push when I hear that.
Well, they're allowed.
No, they're not.
Not no more.
Maybe back in the day, they were allowed.
Special dispensation, okay?
Not no more.
Theme song with lyrics.
Champion on seemed like everybody was flying in the world, wearing hats with ground
on, looking green.
Oh, you say it and say it's the one again.
Now they have only one day.
They don't know.
Don't put me down, you got it.
Now we're all hoping and saying you got it.
You know that I miss the most.
You got it.
Where is the sparkly birds?
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to believe.
Can't get any government or own party cards to believe.
You believe what they say.
Like the ball.
Like the ball.
As they unite.
They stay in a state so they fall with two.
All the election about we got it.
Who should start it in with we got it.
We got it.
145.
I don't have to hear that because they're making a big sound.
He's urging the Pakistanis to overthrow Moussha.
The Muslim assassin as he calls him.
That would indicate to them that indeed it was recorded inside the last week or so.
When that battle began it was quite intense.
How many cultures brought in rocket?
I got those tunnels and of course we're not even sure he was there in the first place.
But it sounded good at the time.
11,990 is what I got in my last read when I was able to break through that wall.
I'm really close.
It'll be ashamed to fall short.
It still says 11,990.
What do you got?
11,990.
10 to go.
14 minutes.
10 signatures to go.
Can we do it?
No.
Get with it.
Jesus.
You're going to be very pleased with this.
Let's end at least close to the end on a very positive note.
It says what a heal.
Paris Hilton chose the wrong footwear for a horseing around.
Paris Hilton could blame her recent run-in with a horse on a wardrobe malfunction.
Oh, I got some great lines for that about her running with a horse.
Instead of wearing a cowboy, both are even sneakers.
Hilton 22 opted for stiletto heels when she went for ride on a seven-year-old horse
during a taping for the simple life too at the bullet that's V-L-L-I-Dash-I-T,
bullet rodeo in Hernando County, Florida, March 19.
Immediately after settling up the hotel, Iris was thrown to the ground.
Oh, right.
Paris was wearing those big heels and kicked the horse right into the ribs.
The awanness Rex Hinkle told Us Weekly's hot stuff.
Yeah, they hate that.
If you kicked me in the ribs, I'd have done the same thing he said.
After the fall, Hilton appeared, dazed and confused, and there was blood on her face.
She was airlifted to St. Joseph's hospital nearby Tampa where she was released after a few hours, unfortunately.
When she woke up that I stayed in her Hernando County hotel room,
yes, it was a Hilton hotel, by the way, she complained that she was too sorry to join the cold-ritchy for the required day of working on a local resident's home improvement project.
So what's a bruised heiress to do?
Sources tell how it's stuff that Hilton spent the day at the beach.
And this isn't the only thing we've learned.
As this new season of the Hitbox TV show follows the pampered rich girls on a cross-country trip in Winnebago,
we hear that Hilton and Richie aren't exactly rough in it.
For starters, the two have completely ignored the no-cell phone or two-aid page rule,
and they don't actually sleep in the Winnebago but check in the hotel's.
Hilton hotels no doubt.
And as for that signature pink pickup truck, it's just when the cameras are rolling,
they usually show for it around in a mint green Dodge Caravan.
In other words, like I've always told you, whatever you see is not what you get.
Or good message for all of you young people out here.
You never get what you see.
It's all done with smoking mirrors, okay?
Have we got the 12 pounds yet?
Not yet.
Well, how do you know?
Because I'm on there.
And what does it say?
11,000? Wait.
Yeah.
Oh, no, it's stuck.
I take it in there.
Come on.
Let's get those guys from the 2000 election in Dave County.
Let us in!
Let us in! Come on!
Those outside those, like, rabid dogs, man, foaming at the mouth.
I never forget that.
I'm a stuck.
And me too, I can't get on there.
Well, what do we do in the 30 days?
Like I did.
We're over 12,000.
All right!
A riot!
I put it in our finest food audience who cares enough to send their very best.
I told her they come through force and you kept saying, eh, eh.
No, I had my doubts too.
Well, that's what you need to do, man, is have somebody to get on here and whip people up and make them understand.
This is damn important stuff, okay?
At least, you know, when people always say, well, gee, what can I do?
Well, there's something you can do.
Pretty easy.
Just sitting there right on your fat ass.
Just take a few seconds of your precious life.
Fuck third, man!
And then you say to yourself, hey, I did something.
How do you like that?
And then, of course, those paranoid idiots out there, oh, gee, they're going to come after my house and my kid.
They're going to, you know, trace the air right.
Like I said before, if you're that concerned and that paranoid and that nervous about life in general,
just say bye-bye, okay?
Time for a long dirt nap.
WQAM, hello.
And the same to you.
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir?
I wanted to talk to you, but you, I wanted to thank you for talking to us about this terrorism that's going on in Washington right now.
Yeah.
I wanted to catch a face about the terrorism that's happening in South Florida.
Yeah.
And that would be the game, if that's...
Hmm.
Hmm.
Well, that's what happens when the rest of the audience runs out of material, but get Reverend Jones did it.
That's okay.
I understand that there's some very serious illnesses that run into your family.
I don't want to get you nervous or anything like that.
But I have a report from Pompo-Doh Park and they're telling me some really nasty things about what's in store for you.
What the Lord has ready for you?
10-D-4-2 at 5-60 WQAM, we got Mad Dog ready for you at 2.
I'm not in law.
This is sports waiting for you.
You way, yeah.
Second one thing is, times get tough.
I can always take up a new job as editor.
Man, I'm proud of myself.
I'm fast on that finger.
You can work in those clubs, mix it on the fly like that.
There you go.
Mix it on the fly.
Give me the fly daddy.
Hey, by the way, speaking of that, the reason I played that I forgot about this yesterday.
Python filmed a challenge passion.
All right.
Monty Python's filmed a life of Brian to return to US cinemas next month following the success of the passion of the Christ.
The biblical sat terribly released in LA, New York and other US cities to markets, 25th anniversary.
Adverts, oh, I love the BBC.
Ed's will challenge Mel Gibson's blockbuster with lines Mel or Monty, the passion of the Python.
Distributed rainbows said a hope the film would serve as an antidote to all the history about Mel's movie.
The life of Brian follows a Jewish character from Nazareth who is worshipped as the Messiah and uncursified by the Romans.
It was condemned as blasphemous before its original release.
Although Monty Python said it was intended as a spoof on Bible films and intolerance rather than a spoof on Christianity.
But the film could be completed until former Beatles George Harrison stepped into finance it after EMI films withdrew, referring to it was too controversial.
Rainbow president Henry Jaglum said we decided this is an important time to re-release the film to provide some counter-programming to the passion of the Christ.
He said the surviving members of the Monty Python comedy team all agree this is a good time to bring back the film and would help promote it.
Traders for the comedy would start to bring cinemas on Good Friday.
Good timing to it. Good marketing, good timing. What's not to like?
Great movie if you haven't seen it.
I'm going to go see it again in the theatre even though I own it.
There you go me too.
Let's see what do we got? Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the ugliest?
Sarah Jessica Parker 272 oh my god they hate her. Paraselton honor behind 159.
Fabio 75 he's the ugliest guy by far. Sandra Bernhard 59 just in Tinkerbell 49 J.O. 46, Julia Roberts 38, Torrey Spelling 36, Naomi Campbell 26, Meryl Streep 26, Madonna 23 and Tommy Cruz.
All Port Tommy she's got 21 vote.
Mad Dog coming up next to Humphor is for and I'm sure both are going to be promoting the hell out of stop FCC.com.
Bye bye bye!
