Thank you.
You're a famous very person.
Hello, this is Albert Crider from Tony Van Records, inviting you American infidel to
my latest Has Stevens collection.
You know my heart, it is right, I'll take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp blade.
How I wear a sweat in American hostage, mid-low is in little fame.
I was so hooting, disgusting.
I was on the airway, inside of me with DJ, and the mac is I can burn, and wear a towel
on my head.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm being followed by an S16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb, that's your fault.
You wouldn't have been a firewood you, find dark skin, and around.
If you want, A, D, T, and...
I love an abbreviation of a classic one.
I have my girls every day, which you marriage and should pay.
Tell me who would move on and slay.
I'm coming to the neck of a woman.
She lives in a fair and exorcist.
So buy Newcastle evens collection today from 1995.
Or you can pay with Visa, Master of Card, or Weapons of Masters, you have to...
Oh, what's it feel safe for now that they're getting heart and tear-wiss like cats,
evens people are seeing songs like Peace Train.
Right.
People are raised money for the families in animal-event victims.
Dangerous people.
He's back in London right now, truckling and amused and...
Yeah.
Just amazed.
More bad news from Iraq.
Three-way in spite of what that...
Allow me to mark that.
That's the stage we just came into the Congress.
Three US soldiers die in Iraq.
Three US Army soldiers were killed in separate incidents in Northern Iraq yesterday.
One soldier was killed by a roadside bomb about three miles south of Ticrete.
Spotted a suspicious object at the side of the road, and it came to find out it was a bomb.
It's a bomb that's in the middle of the soldier.
Another one died of wounds following an attack on a patrol in the northern town of Mosul,
and a third soldier killed by a car bomb exploded in a traffic control point and bagged that.
But other than that...
Oh, where's Brian?
Everything is...
You sure about that?
I thought that Alawi was going to start seeing an air-free things coming up roses when...
I can't believe it's blowing up roses.
Right.
Everything's blowing up roses.
But there's one for Volka Brian.
I love that.
Now, the pull that we took yesterday before we get to Hurricane Jean,
which unfortunately all these keep making a comeback.
God is pretty pissed off about that whole 2000 election,
and that's why he keeps aiming at Florida, and sometimes he's got good aim,
and I don't know what he's pissed off at New Orleans for,
but I even keep going back in that general direction again, too.
If we miss some of you the first time, he's been like send it back at you.
But before we get to that, yesterday's pull, which evidently our leader,
our fearless leader took some umberage to deploy yesterday,
because he keeps forgetting this is just a radio show and b,
that the audience out there needs an opportunity to vent.
In fact, I'm getting hostile faxes every day, including my wife,
and when we just got from Gerald Dean, which I'll get to eventually,
there are a lot of very furious listeners out there,
so we have to at least give them a place to vent,
and this is business, and this guy is taking it personal,
which I don't understand.
You think that after all this time, after seven years of this,
by now he'd be immune to it, but you know, every now and then he gets a bad bullet grits,
and it gives him well, whatever.
Our poll yesterday, we got a tremendous response,
who's gotten to screw the worst of QA and was the bullet question?
What's that?
What's what?
That's following him.
Do you hear that?
Um, faxing?
Do you hear that?
What is that on your end?
What the hell is that?
Anyway, 1800, you can't hear that?
No, man.
I saw that movie gaslight, I'm not,
Josh, you hear it?
No.
Yeah, you're full of crap.
Okay.
Who's gotten the screw worst of WQA?
I'm 18 of the 89 votes when I printed this out.
I'm sure it's closer to the over 19 of it now.
The yellows listed as 506.
Many of them are like, uh, fraughting at the mouth.
And for some of them, they've been doing it for a long time.
Hank, over in 462, and this, I guess, is the week that we find out is the Humper coming back.
Is he in limbo?
Is he in pain?
Is he in rage?
Well, whatever the deal is.
Joe Rose 238.
Joe in Mark 168.
Bill Zimper 148.
Well, we sure miss the Zimp, uh, the Z-Man.
Jeff, the 421.
And by the way, Jeff, no, you're not getting hired.
Near Ryge, 63, George Rodriguez, 55.
Joe Angel 46.
I would like to clarify that you've been with an asterisk because Joe Angel never worked for QM.
He worked for the Marlins organization, the former, uh, the former incarnation of the Marlin organization under John Henry.
John Henry's the one at Screwport, Joe Angel.
Man, so that we could hire Dave O'Brien full time.
Who then about five minutes later said, oh, guess what?
I'm going to ESPN.
Is that okay?
And they said, well, okay.
Sure.
Moe Howard debuted in 35 votes.
Steve Gellie-Gelstein, who, like I said, was in there this morning.
He's known in the fact that the NHL season probably gone for the whole thing 24 for Gellie.
Joe Zagaki, 13, and Miguel Escobar.
Nobody has any idea who that is, but they do hope he's got some good drugs.
Ten.
Is what he did.
Now, we, so we don't have to do that last break, right?
I just want to make sure we're on the same page.
Uh, you can if you'd like.
But, uh, but we don't have to.
Yeah, you don't have to.
I don't want to.
Why do we want to inflict extra spots on the audience that have already run once, okay?
Once, see, once you start giving it away, that's what Screw Ant told me.
Once, once you start giving it away, the idea that somebody's going to pay for it is pretty ludicrous.
In fact, the idea that anybody's going to pay it well, anyway.
Here's the tracking map.
Now, we've got the 11 o'clock coming out momentarily.
It might be up there already.
You think?
Is it on our website?
I doubt it.
I'll check it out.
Yeah, I'll go to the Noah thing during the break.
So, actually, we have like a little, uh, even though Howard went pretty long this morning.
We got like a nice, long segment till about 12 minutes after 11 o'clock.
So, we've got like a bond and screws and shoes.
Now, where is that Hank, your legal ID thing?
I don't want you to play it.
I want to.
That's under Hank, dash ID.
Or it's under, oh, I see, it's under ID.
W-Q-A-M, Miami, Florida.
Thank you.
Now, proceed.
We're keeping him alive, not by much, but keeping him alive.
On the show, Hurricane Jean, which is making a comeback, is now moving west.
And the tracking map has it coming.
I'm sure the fee weather fairies have got you hyperventilating again.
Oh, man.
The hell is this crap in a stop?
I'm looking out my window and, man, it's sunny.
It's going to be like 83 today.
It's just beautiful.
Indian summer here in Toronto, eh?
Go hockey.
And of course, you don't play hockey in the summer anyway.
So, it's appropriate.
The 8 a.m., I don't want to read this.
Do I have to 8 a.m.?
What up?
Well, no, because the 11 a.m. has come out in a minute.
In fact, if I wanted to be not so lazy, I could click on right here, search the web.
I could read it off the computer.
I do want to put the audience on notice that we had a little technical to be included.
So, this morning, you know, we've been having this problem with the processor.
And it's getting ready to blow out.
And it keeps taking it their sweet time.
And then, you know, whatever they're going to do.
And as a result, we had like this louder than ever.
And the early processor.
I wasn't even speaking at the moment.
So, kind of like, set me a back.
So, or pounding.
I'm just, no, I wasn't doing anything.
And as a result, I just want you to be on notice that if it goes out, we'll have to like, uh, punt.
At any rate, let's see.
National Oceanic and Atmosphere at, uh, better known as NOAA, because he built a hell of an arc.
It smelled like crap on there, but he built one hell of an arc.
Okay, let me click on the latest and the greatest on the hurricanes and all this other, all these acts of God,
who's pretty like I said, P.O.D. and Florida better not do it again.
Let's be gonna do it again.
I can't find it.
Okay, anyway, let's see what we got.
Let's check out if we got the alert.
There it is.
Pubic Advisory 11am.
How do you like that?
Good timing today.
Thanks a lot, how we end the Robin and all you others.
Next time for about 1115, the morale would be good.
I sure hope that they're not going to do too many more of those vacation
or those best of shows that end like at about 1002, not good.
Not good.
Okay, here's the deal.
11am Advisory on Gene.
A tropical storm watch remains.
Oh, now what does that, what did you just do to me?
Oh, I did that.
Wow, I was gonna say, here remains an impact.
So I'll keep you on your toes.
So they central Bahamas, including Cat Island.
Oh, I wonder if that's Cat Stevens Island.
I mentioned it is a lot of terror tied not there.
The Exumas, Long Island, Rumkay and San Salvador.
A tropical storm watch what we know what it means.
Hurricane Watch may be required for the Northwestern Bahamas Labor Day.
Those poor bastards in the Bahamas are really getting nailed, you know what?
That'll teach us then to keep ribbon off the Americans.
Bastards.
I'd love to collect a center of Hurricane Gene was located near latitude 25.6 North.
Longitude 69.7 West.
About 465 miles east of Great Abico Island.
They got nailed the last time, right?
Mm-hmm.
By Ivan.
They're gonna get nailed again.
Damn.
Gene is moving toward the West near five miles an hour.
I ain't moving too much.
Max and most of the state wins near 105 miles an hour with higher gusts.
Hurricane Force wins extend the hour up to 45 miles, estimated minimum central pressure
966 millibars.
And that's it.
Now let me take a look at the, see if they changed the tracking map, which I'm sure they did.
Maps and charts, okay?
Okay.
I said charts to us.
She gets nervous, anything that rhymes with farts.
Okay, let me click on that baby and take a look at what it looks like right now.
And, oh, wow.
I better not tell you.
So it just shows the thing moving directly west over the Bahamas and then moving far
from the Northland and hidden Florida.
What time is it?
Eight o'clock on what day?
Oh, the Sunday.
Eight o'clock Sunday morning is what they're predicting for like up there, not again, like around
four pierce, zero beats.
So in case you pour bastards up there having had enough punishment, God's act.
What have they done up there besides being a bunch of mugworms all these years to deserve
this punishment?
Isn't that enough?
I would think so.
But that looks like where it's going.
Of course, that big wide cone, that cone of opportunity there, it includes all almost,
all of the penicill of the hangin' down part of the state.
But based on their current, the latest tracking 11 o'clock, it shows it hadn't toward,
right toward, a little bit northeast of Lake Oki Chobie.
So that's the latest on that.
Look, you'll see the tracking that's changing on the arranges.com along with Pamela Sumarton.
Did I, yes I did.
Pamela Sumarton, born January 5th, 1954.
Everybody knows Pamela Sumarton, unfortunately, and that's a horrible picture, man.
Yeah, it is, but she did.
But in her case, in her case, like I said, is pretty good picture.
She was born in Westport, Connecticut, so that makes her like 50, right?
Yeah, if my math is correct, she's fitty.
Although the picture luckily was taken some while ago, although you never know it, it's not,
it's not one of the most attractive things you'll ever see.
We're not going to give you a big song in the dance and bill of goods.
It's what the best you can do.
Let's see, Sky Tracker is made for TV in 1990.
A Cry Into Wild, the software murder of the St. Paul TV, a lot of TV stuff.
Flix 1987, Strong Medicine 86, Torchlight 84.
She was in dynasty, of course, of the Ladian Red, 79, Human Feeding 78,
the hardly boys Nancy Drew Mystery 77.
Everybody knows that.
The Hemingway Play, Our Time, Your Time, Buster and Billy 74, the gun and the pulpit.
You're forgetting about the important, her most important role.
What is the dead naked body in the first dirty hairy movie?
How come it's not on here?
Because she was just a naked body.
It wouldn't make any difference.
No, it has every role.
I think you're, well, she was the dead naked body.
Well, take a look at that picture.
I think you're holding a lot of it.
You're saying you have to act too much.
The Hunting Girls of Huntington House 73 made for TV, the Poseidon Venture 72, the Poseidon Venture.
There you go.
Move it to somebody actually heard of before.
There she is, Pamela Sue Martin, because George is going to do some homework, come up with some better...
Yeah, that's a scourge.
Okay, here's a little deal.
Look for the QM van right now.
With the shell station in the corner of Broward and University, that's the corner of...
And University, that's one of our frequent stuff.
It's right next to that veterinarian place that I stopped taking my dogs to.
Stop by to pick up movie passes to watch Ladder 49 next week at the Fountain Zate Movie Theatre.
Ladder 49, what's that about?
Fireman, I would assume.
Oh no, got one out here.
Who keeps sliding up and on them greasy poles, huh?
That's what I hear.
They don't stay greasy for long.
Oh, and speaking of that, that's also what I hear.
That's what love told me this morning.
Falling crucifix kills woman.
Oh my God.
This is in Rome.
Remember yesterday I was talking about how wonderful Rome is.
Yeah.
Well, Rome is great, but don't be standing here any falling crucifixes because it might not be good for your health.
A 67-year-old woman was killed when a three-meter tall metal crucifix fell on her head.
And she also had an Italian town on Wednesday, Polly said.
The cross which has been in the main square on San Anafrio for decades fell on Medellina Camilo,
who our workers were setting up lights for an annual religious festival.
I'm sorry her name is Medellina Camilo, not Camillo because that's esponial.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Italy, home of the Vatican, cities, they predominantly Rome.
Well, what?
I see where crucifixes and religious icons and effigies are a common sight, most towns and villages.
And it reminds me of that scene I was telling George before the show from, what was it?
The Ormond.
Oh yeah.
I'm pretty sure it was Ormond I.
I think so.
Where the priest there was freaking out and he kept trying to tell Gregory Peck,
oh, be careful because, you know, by the beat, but it moved and he's got the three-sixes on his head,
like Gregory and all this other stuff.
And in any rate, in the priest, the thing, that big metal, like a lightning rod,
was the reinting.
Well, the reinting came flying off the top of that church and he went on being right through the priest tartan.
He was morto.
And a whole bunch of faxes here, including, I don't want Greg to be listening to these
because he's starting to take things personal, which are just business.
Okay, the audience wants to vent their entitled, even though you may disagree, or maybe you do agree.
But, you know, we are what we are, you know.
I think it's time for everybody to lighten up just a couple of shades, Troy.
Geraldine Plantation says, Jesus God, which I think she's trying to say,
Oh, God.
What brandless schmucks are running that station?
Now again, please don't take that person unless you want to.
How much longer do we get to listen to Robin Reed enough already?
My finger is worn out from turning the station on and off, ready to destruct and self-plant,
ready to self-destruct and plantations by Geraldine.
What can I tell you, sweetheart?
Just the QA and F and Way.
It's just the way we're doing things these days.
And we're pretty pleased with this show today, three hours and ten minutes.
Sounds like a weiner to me.
That will take it.
Yeah, I mean, on the one hand, I do have tremendous sympathy and empathy and feeling and chaos,
and all that rough moments for the audience.
But on the other hand, we like working as little as possible.
I want to take back anything I said on Friday in that regard, where, in fact,
if they want to pay us this kind of money for like five minutes a day,
that sounds like a weiner to me.
In fact, there's Gildi.
Gildi, the bad news here.
I'll be back on the air very soon doing a couple of shows here and a couple of shows there
in the evening when everybody's watching TV, luckily, and I'm a weekend when everybody's not having a life.
Just as long as you don't have to work with Mo anymore.
You can't imagine the things he said about that.
He said, it's become a month of rehab after getting off an edge.
But I don't want to go into that.
I don't want to be a troublemaker again, because then people start taking it personal,
even though of course it's only business.
Although I think between them, it might have been a little bit personal.
Absolutely.
Here's the poll today.
And again, we don't want to pick on the dolphins because they are O and two,
and they are going to have a dreadful season.
And everybody knows that they've high just ripped them high,
they have the day with a fabulous column, just ripped them from pillar to post.
So we're just going to ask you, what do you think?
Who is most blamed for the dolphins?
Sorry team.
What you think that was very, I thought that was pretty generous the way I said that.
Sorry team.
Yeah.
I could have said sorry-ass team, or horse ball team, or prosthetic team.
Nice hit sorry team.
And I'm sure that a lot of you are sorry.
J. Feeler, Dave Wandsett, H. Wayne Heizinger,
AJ Touchy Feely, the offensive line, Mo Howard David, Ricky Williams,
I hate the dolphins' rhino give-ishmit.
Let's see, I'm voting that one right there.
How about those patriots?
Oh yeah.
I just mentioned that, see that's called rubbing it in.
That's like tiling on, that's bad.
Fifteen yards for piling on.
Well we're good at it, we've got a bunch of votes on there already.
Now I saw the Suncindle had a similar poll,
although none really is exciting or elaborate as ours.
A couple of days ago, and Dave Wandsett won that one hands down your pants.
But isn't it the Wandsett era?
Maybe that's the problem that it's the Wandsett era.
He's got the first 69 votes, look at that number.
Dave Wandsett, 25, I don't give a shmit 14.
Wayne, 14, in the offensive line, six more Howard David and four.
I hate the dolphins three.
Ricky Williams, two AJ Touchy Feely, two.
And J. Feeler's only got one.
Oh, I didn't play it all in the game yet today.
Is he just like, uh,
Vanished now, Josh, is that the deal we just ain't going to see in no more?
Yeah, probably.
No, poor Jay.
I think it's a Jewish thing.
Anyway, here's one of our facts of this morning we have a few.
Oh, this one's too long.
Here's some points for conversation.
This one's too long.
Goes on and on forever.
Regarding the Pentagon video, Clyde Lewis.com had that on his site
a little bit over two years ago.
Clyde is a newsman in pop show host out there in Portland, Oregon.
Why have the pleasure of me to another reliable radio friend that says.
Part of the reason those films by the DOT and others in the area that they were confiscated
is because the general public doesn't have a need to know according to your federal government.
Yeah, they didn't have what they said in the, in that, in that clip, right?
Right.
You don't have any need to know.
So there's a G.O.T. surveillance film that they were taken.
They confiscated that tape because it's going to show you stuff they, they don't want you to see.
And the fact that there was no 757 that Christ into the Pentagon.
But if you don't believe me, just take a look at that clip.
It might at least make you think a little bit Pentagon 9-11 on our NeoRodges.com.
When you're through looking at Pamela, Sue Martin and shaking your head into smell like,
oh, my, is that the best you can do?
George will come up with some better stuff.
Yes, I will.
There's only, there's only about how many million.
30 million.
30 million of those websites with news celebrity.
So we'll find some quality.
So we're going to the quality, you know.
Well, when's that start?
Anyway, this fact says, yeah, during the summers of the late 60s, early 70s,
while vacationing in Northern Ontario, A.A.S. privileged, terror dynamic radio,
and it's hey, they from an abundance of states, including the great 1190,
you're absolutely correct.
Whoa, whoa, W.O.W.O.
Whoa, whoa, four-way in India.
Can't believe it.
You never heard of whoa, whoa.
No.
W.O.W.O.
Also, some of the other great signals used to skip to the night were WABC New York,
W.O.A.Chicago, WCFL Chicago, the voice of labor, WKW Buffalo.
How come he's leaving out WBZ in Boston, KDK in Pittsburgh?
WWVN, Wheeling West Virginia, came out since St. Louis, but he also says 56 WFIL
filled out the end, of course, the big 8 CKW.
He also says, lastly, I wanted to mention this morning that I made a Vendon effort
to listen to the logic behind the dump ferries motor.
I don't want to go through all of that, okay?
The dump ferries under an upstress already leave her alone.
Although he does say Joyce is truly objectionable, and also David Ross.
Oh, very good.
Faxor, whoever you are.
Now we got another fact that says, I can't believe I found this from a newspaper in Texas.
This is from Dave and Cooper City, lawyer-listener for 14 years.
He says, tell Greg Reed, thanks for ruining my drive to work.
I leave my house at 10 a.m. and it takes me 45 minutes to get to work.
I don't want to hear Howard Ramble at the end of his show for 25 minutes.
In other words, he would like to hear me in there instead, but guess what?
We'll take it.
But that's the way it goes, Dave.
And he also includes this thing from the Amarillo Globe News, where they say,
guest column by Jane Alexander, Globe News makes bad call endorsing Bush.
I just read a little taste of it here.
She says, in its September 12th edition, the Globe News endorsed George W. Bush for another term as president.
I certainly wasn't surprised by this endorsement.
However, the basis for it has me baffled.
The endorsement was based on several claims.
One is that John Kerry has a record of notorious footplopping.
The editorial implies that George W. is a straight shooter.
Problem is my memory tells me something different.
I recall a number of instances of bush flip plopping in the 2000 debates he told us he opposed nation voting and getting involved in the phrase of other country.
Yet he invaded his rebuilding both Iraq and Afghanistan.
Bush started support to invade Iraq because he told us out of a salon she goes on and on about all these things that we know.
And he opposed the 9-11 commission and embraced it.
He refused to testify then change his mind as long as they've changed his sound on his life and all of these things.
Nice going Jane in the Amarillo Texas orbit.
The music is music.
Oh my god.
The music is music.
The music is music.
The music is music.
The music is music.
The music is music.
The music is music.
The music is music.
Oh my god.
Oh my god, oh my god.
The music is music.
Don't let the fascist deal comes through as it ends.
Oh, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it.
Oh, that's it, that's it, that's it.
Yeah, we left Poker Brian off yesterday.
He's pulled through and out of the think of why.
And he's probably got a few things we could tell us in here.
There's the unsung hero of the show, Volker Brian.
I just got an inspiration for tomorrow's pull and the show.
All right, let's sing it.
I'll leave it up to him.
No, seriously, he's got so many of them, including most of which we can still play because many of them he edited for us so that Joyce wouldn't get all been out of shape.
But I know we did a long time ago.
What's your favorite Poker Brian comedy bit?
And we could play like most of them tomorrow, right?
Sure.
Because it is Friday, huh?
Right.
Oh, there's so many.
I mean, that one right here.
It's pretty tough.
For any time, I do like Mo Temple in the, in the, in the, uh, Gildi Stevens a lot.
President, uh, President Dumpschmitt, right?
But, uh, this one here, I mean, just, I can't do no words to describe it.
Plus, of course, by by Gildi, by by.
I should have played that for when he was in the studio this morning.
He's heard it overnight.
He's probably singing it at the bars on the weekend at the karaoke bars.
I told you, think that, uh, yeah, I think, I think that's a really swell idea.
Now, we should probably, in this person called her to her because we got two hours and forty one minutes.
That's not that I'm counting till two o'clock.
Let's see, the schedule shows Mad Dog 2 and no Mo and no Humper today.
How do you like that?
So, we don't have any controversy at four.
I think one of the reasons we didn't have Mo, that's probably why Gildi came in today.
Because he knew that there was no Mo.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
They wouldn't run into each other in a hallway.
That would be bad.
Because, uh, Mad Dog 2 to 4 at four, you got Hurricane's Game Day on QAM.
Then at 630, Hurricane's Game Day, which is the Power 96.5 FM.
And then, Marlon's on Deck Up QAM 630.
You following all this? You writing it down?
No.
Phillies at the Marlon's at P.P. Park, the poor Marlon's man, say bye-bye to the wild car, but they gave it a good shot.
A 705 denied at the ballpark.
The Houston Pover is another girls team at the Hurricane's at the Power 96.45.
And Hurricane's extra point at 1130 somewhere.
I'm sure the Marlon game should be over by them, unless they go out to earnings.
So it'll be on QAM unless, of course, uh, whatever.
Got it?
Guys, 6705, 60.5, 60.
And they've horizon and singular wireless lines.
WQAM, hello?
The colon of death is aimed at us again.
You're winning it again, man.
You got your plow on your, uh, your viscene?
I think it's gonna, it's gonna blow the plastic off by roof now.
There you go.
That's all I got left.
Or it's a very, it's a very least of them.
What do they call this, because when, you know, a, a, a weather vein?
No, no, no, not a weather vein.
A little thing with the, uh, that spins around up there on the roof.
Oh, well, that's all part of the, uh, like, just like three or four different things that are on there.
I've been measuring different things.
That thing just spins around.
I don't know the actual, uh, the little thing that spins around a little cups on it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's, uh, what George knows what I'm talking about.
Like a vent thing on the roof.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, those things get blown off too.
And if you don't start...
I think I've got the thing on the roof that spins around.
Well, good luck, you pal.
I get your plywood and water stuck up right now.
Gene is coming.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Haha, haha, haha.
But, man, oh man, so many good reasons not to be in South Florida.
Of course, the leading, uh, foremost is youroy does nasty hurricanes.
And the weather ones too.
Five-set, that's bad to be seen on the day when hurricanes are hosting the prestigious Houston, Houston hooverers.
Now, the girls team.
W-Q-A-N-H-L-H-O-N-L.
Yes, sir!
Hi!
You're hurry.
W-Q-A-N-H-L-O.
Hey, nice to meet you.
Pretty good.
Did you hear about the Marlin upcoming giveaway?
And what's that?
The Dave and Boring Bible opener?
Yes.
Hahaha.
It's a good thing you say the Dave and Boring channel opener, that would have been bad.
Get out of here.
That would have been really bad, wouldn't it?
It would have been, but funny.
And then of course Josh has got a sit and listen there.
Now has he ever made any comment?
I doubt it.
But has he ever sent anything to you about this show or about the comments that are made about him?
Come on.
No.
You liar?
You should see the lion face.
No, come on.
I mean, your nose is already about two feet long now and growing like the Nokia.
Come into the window.
You can tell us.
I can handle it.
I got broad shoulders.
I mean Greg was all pissed off on me yesterday and now it's going to be Dave and Boring's
through the day.
I can handle it.
I'm not an emotional cripple.
You know, we might have said a few things, but I like why you can give us your sample.
The audience would like to hear like what?
That's not a big deal.
He just laughs about it.
You know, good times.
He's got a good humor about it.
It's the fact that he's boring as all get out.
I'm sure he's a wonderful guy.
Everybody tells me he's a good guy and he's got a beautiful wife and a bad hair piece.
Right.
Am I right so far?
I'm sorry.
That's definitely a visual thing.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Rumor I heard is that the muskrat jumped off a mose head and hopped up and tried to mate with one on Dave's head.
That could be just a rumor.
Anyway, here's the a poll.
Let's get off of that.
Oh, there's a what's your name again?
What is your name again?
I don't know what we like.
Or let's see.
We also have Jean here.
We have Carl and then the hospital storm Lisa.
The latter two not going to affect the United States.
Oh, thank goodness for that.
Playa Malisa.
I might call a gene.
The 72 96 out.
Jean, the dancing weather queen.
We have tropical storm.
We don't care about it to Ivan.
That's New Orleans.
There are animals anyway.
Look at their party animals anyway.
Look them lose their souls.
Here's the deal on the poll so far.
The Ford dolphins, man.
184 votes.
Question is, who is most of the Blancon dolphins sorry team?
And they really are sorry.
Dave wants that 67.
He's going to win hands down.
He wants that era.
And it sucks.
I don't give a shit at 37.
8 Wayne hyzeng of 22.
The offensive line 17.
And they are offensive, man.
I hate that often 16.
Ricky Williams 12.
He's busy spoken wicked.
The weed in Australia.
Know how we're David and 10.
AJ Feely 2 and J. Feetler 1.
You notice how when Mo came to town.
That's when everything started going downhill for the dolphins.
Absolutely.
Oh, God.
They put the jets curse on the team is what I believe.
You're going to love this story.
This is so amazing.
Wait a state.
What?
Huh?
I thought you said wait.
No.
With the state patrol airplane overhead, a motorcycle has hit the throttle and possibly
sent the informal record for the fastest speeding ticket in Minnesota history.
205 miles an hour.
Oh, my God.
I mean, you talk about hauling ass and wasting gas.
On Saturday afternoon state patrol pilot Al Loney.
I wonder if he's kind of like Susan Loney and Cecil Loney, the harness drivers.
State patrol pilot Al Loney was flying near Wabashia in South East Minnesota.
I'm sure that's not how you pronounce it.
I'm the Wisconsin border.
Watching two motorcycles racing over Long, U.S. Highway 61.
One of the riders shot for where Loney was ready with his stopwatch.
He clicked it once when a motorcycle reached a white marker on the road.
And again, a quarter mile later, the watch read 4.39 seconds, which Loney calculated to be 205
miles an hour.
I was in total disbelief.
It was on the label.
Loney told the St. Paul Pioneer Press for Tuesday's editions.
I had to double check my watch because in 27 years, I'd never seen anything move that fast.
Several law enforcement sources told the newspaper that although no official records are kept,
it was probably the fastest ticket ever written in the state.
After about three quarters of a mile, the vicar slowed about 100 miles an hour,
let the other cycle catch up.
But then Loney, by then, had radioed ahead to another state trooper who pulled the two
over soon after we thanked the Lord for that.
The state patrol arrested a faster rider, 20 year old Stillwater resident Samuel Armstrong,
Tilley for reckless driving, driving without a motorcycle license and driving 140 miles an hour
over the posted speed limit of 165.
Well, let's see, 140 times five is 700, right?
Okay.
It's not a huge deal.
I'll take the word.
I'm looking in the story.
It doesn't say anything about the amount of the fine, but isn't it like five bucks for each mile over the speed limit?
How the hell would I know?
I call the ticket defense team.
All right.
You have come to call the ticket defense team.
Although I think that would be like trying to defend the defenseless.
Or speaking of that, let's throw it over the broken.
Speaking of that, a muse cat Stevens is back home.
I'm going to play that fit again when we come back.
That is just so sensational.
The British recording artist Yusuf Islam returned to London Thursday, saying he was shocked and slightly amused.
Kind of like, yeah, slightly amused.
After US official determined he was on a terrorist watch list and was not allowed to enter the US of A.
Islam, the peace activist and singer once noticed Kat Stevens said he was traveling to Nashville with his daughter for recording session when he was approached the board.
They flight into Washington, DC.
I'll be honest with you, having been in Nashville at one of the couple of months years ago.
The best thing that can happen is you get turned around, sent away.
Suddenly we were forced to land and suddenly I was interrogated by all these FBI officers he said.
At a press conference at London's Heathrow Airport, the whole thing is totally ridiculous.
Everybody knows who I am.
You know, I'm no secret figure.
Everybody knows my campaigning for charity and for peace.
There got to be a whole lot of explosions. Hopefully there will be that.
He says I just hope they made a big mistake.
And the interesting part of this story is that he would have visited the US 20 times in the last year and nobody ever said nothing.
Well, thinking about how much explosiveness he probably smuggled in.
God Almighty, can you imagine all the people are going to die because of those visits?
It's a huge deal, right?
Exclusively.
162 A.M.
Did you ever think when you're in Chinese?
It ain't pork or chicken but a fat sign.
You see this thing on Terry's Law and Terry's Shave-o?
Nope.
Final rolling, the husband can remove the two.
Bye-bye, Terry.
I have a food taste grade so you don't complain.
But that's not chicken in the chicken chow mein.
Seems to me I ought to sweeten sour pork.
But God fills on my form.
Here on my form.
There's a cat and a cat as a bee cameo.
It's a place that I eat every day at noon.
You lick it, be a cat and you'll never know.
Once he raps it up in no voice, they try it with crisp endo.
Chowlin' asked if I wanted more as he was dialing up his body at the old pet store.
I said, not today, I lost my appetite.
But stook at him on belly and they wanted the fight.
I was stuck in honor, rollin' and it comes at two.
When I swear I heard it mute.
And that is when I knew.
There's a cat and a cat as a bee cameo.
I think I got to stop sweeten there at noon.
They say that it's a bee for the show for.
But it's pervert there on my form.
There's a hairball on my form.
27.
It'll do it at 5.60 W.A. and Happy Thursday, too.
The good news is we got cat Stevens, man.
A hardened, dangerous terrorist.
They would be a smut ahead.
But the bad news is, under a cover investigation,
we're able to sneak explosives and weapons past security screeners at 15 airports nationwide,
according to a government report on aviation security.
We can sneak in the cabin, they can sneak in on a bomb agrande and all these other good things.
The government watched off for the Department of Homeland Security, Clark Kent Irvin.
Yeah, that is his name.
And we take off his glasses, he puts a cape on.
Clark Kent Irvin delivered a result of the test in a classified report to members of Congress.
He performance was poor said Irvin, the department's inspector general,
in releasing a less detailed version yesterday.
The tests were done in the second half of 2003,
but they highlight ongoing vulnerability in the nation's aviation security system,
especially in detecting explosives such as those that Russian authorities say were used to bring down two airliners last month.
Anybody want to fly to there? What?
No.
Representative John Micker, Republican of Florida, chairman of a House Aviation Subcommittee,
confirmed that the longer classified report showed weapons and explosives got by screeners.
You said the results of weapons were bad enough, but the results on explosives were at...
These are his words.
Absolutely horrendous.
Absolutely.
How do you like that?
So we got Kent Stevens.
An early report in 2003 by the GAO found that undercover agents were able to slip guns, knives and box covers past screeners.
And it goes on about how we do this, and we do that.
Unfortunately, it may take some horrific wake up call to get attention, Micker said.
Clark Kent Irvin's report claimed poor training and management of the thousands of screeners who work for the TSA,
the vision of Homeland Security Department, also cited the need for better equipment and technology,
maybe part of the problem is if they pay more attention to the screen in the bags instead of yuking them up with each other
with the passengers as they're going through, they might really find something.
Because I noticed that now it's back to the yuk-yuk.
You see that? What's that?
Is that crap again?
Speedy yuk-yuk.
Yes?
Did you get this story about Jimmy Swagger threatening to kill Gays? Is that on your pile?
No, I did not.
On its way.
You don't mean that Flanagan-Foney Hipper-Prinical Jimmy Swagger?
I mean, that good Godfury in Christian is not affected to local stories, so I'm surprised you didn't see it.
Oh, and Toronto, well, you got a lot of crazy people here.
So, a fact that along.
Anyway, here's a fact from Chip, who says he's obviously a weatherman.
He says not to be confused with the weather theory.
He's regarding Gene.
The models this morning show three coming into Palm Beach with a high-sustain winds at 110 miles an hour,
it gets much higher.
Uh-oh.
Only two models show this drum coming in at the Treasure Coast.
The conflict is how fast or slowly Gene will be moving once it gets to the other side of 76 west.
That's when the water gets two degrees warmer.
Strike probability is 16 percent for both west bombings and four pierce on Sunday at 8 in the A.M.
and the Yadayadayadayadayaday.
And also he says, Pamela Sumartan, God.
Well, you were doing real good till you got to that point, Chip, I guess.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Uh-huh.
Every squirrel finds a nut or something like that.
How do you like that?
I'm telling you the truth.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Somebody QA and hello?
Uh, hello.
Is this a...
Yes, sir.
Hey, guys.
Hey.
You guys are doing great.
I have listened to you guys.
I have never really listened to A.M. before until Howard's turn came on there, but I just
am above your show.
Thank God for you, man.
We love you.
And I think you guys are great.
You guys need to get the new sound effects man.
New sound effects.
You guys are doing good though.
Okay, thanks, Pamela.
And a new sound effects.
I'll pass that along to Joyce.
He hasn't good to get.
We got eight million sound effects, Pamela.
The only problem is we're going to have a lot to play them anymore because we have this uptight picture
with it in four, four Myers-Napals, wherever she's hanging out.
And everything we want to play, everything we want to.
We can't do that.
Can't do that.
The FCC.
Oh, it's pretty good.
The FCC will get that little later on.
Would that find...
And I'm going to tell you once again, which is not a very promising thing.
It's not just a right wing thing or a left wing thing.
It's an everything thing.
It's an American freaking thing because free speech is gone.
And John Edelstein, who's the one of the...
uh, Democrat, one of the two Democrats on the five-member FCC.
He's the most rabid of them all.
He thinks they should probably cut their things off at the CBS.
They can make that $550,000 back in a half a minute and add on the Super Bowl.
That's not a big deal.
So if you think there's somebody out there from the left, from the right, from the middle,
from up to on top, from underneath, who's going to save our...
Forget about it.
Ain't going to happen.
Because America's in this deep, deep repression now.
We're dead.
Anyway, evangelist Jimmy Swagrid threatens to kill Gaze.
How do you like that?
And of course, you know what they say about people like that.
Usually they turn out to be...
BAMING!
A Canadian television station is apologized publicly to viewers for a telecast of American evangelist Jimmy Swagrid's CD program,
in which he threatened to kill Gaze.
Oh my God!
The program aired last week on Omni One.
Oh yeah, you want to hear Omni One?
All right.
A Toronto Multicultural Station.
I was working for CBS at the time too, because I was no fan of it.
That's the Tony Danzen showed up.
I said I proved how they really suck.
Anyway, on the program aired last week by Omni One, a Toronto Multicultural Station,
throughout the USA, is also prompted investigation by the Canadian radio television commission in CRTC,
the government agency which regulates television.
During the program, a rambling sermon by Swagrid, who's trying to rehab himself after the rest for soliciting a prostitute.
The televangel is turned to the subject of gay marriage.
According to a transcript of the program, Swagrid said,
I'm trying to find the correct name for this.
It is utter absolute ass-9 idiotics stupidity of men marrying men.
I've never seen a man in my life I wanted to marry, and I'm going to be blunt and plain.
If one ever looks at me like that, I'm going to kill him until God he died.
The remarks were met with applause from his congregation.
The program was taped at Swagrid's Ministry in New Orleans where voters Sunday agreed to amend the Louisiana Constitution of our same-sex marriage.
The CRTC investigation was prompted by a complaint by a viewer in Ottawa.
It is not known if any complaints have been made in the USA,
where the show appears on stations in all 50 states.
A supposed person for the FCC which regulates TV in the US did not return calls for comments Sunday.
They're too busy with Janet Jackson's booby-bee.
They don't care about some phone availability for an minister out there preaching at a killing gaze.
Toronto Station nominee one reviewed the tape after the complaint was made.
A spokesperson called a remarks a serious breach of Canadian broadcast regulations.
A omnivore is owned by Rodgers Communications,
a conglomerate that controls the largest cable and cell phone companies in Canada,
and also my cable company here as a matter of fact,
and also owns TV in radio stations and a publishing company.
Under Canadian law, hate speech is a criminal offense.
Rodcast lawyers say both the station and Swagrid could be charged in an addition to any penalty imposed by the CRTC,
the Audi Audi Audi.
In 1987, a careful sermon begged forgiveness from his followers after being found with a prostitute.
Jimmy DeFone swigged another Russian limboff, yes, me,
another Fone Belonny right wing hypocrite.
And the congregation given a...
Oh yeah, he looked at me, man.
Right.
By the way, Jimmy, I've seen you and I wouldn't look at you.
Sure, the season you will Roger it will be the exclusive for our unbiased system.
So, yeah.
If you're out of work, why not lift yourself up and join the Jimmy Swagrid ministry.
Right now, there are numerous openings you can fill by assuming a missionary position with Jimmy Swagrid.
Transportation is provided.
Jimmy will drive you around personally.
You'll not only get hands-on experience, you'll get hands-on over you experience.
Assume the missionary position right now, and you'll work directly under Jimmy Swagrid.
After all, you already have something in common with Jimmy.
You want a job, and he wants a job.
Bless you.
My child.
It's the LM45 at 560 WQAM.
299 votes on the pool who is most of length of the offense.
Sorry, ass team.
Hey, Bonstet, 1-13.
It's the WONSTET era.
I don't give a shmit 60.
H. Wayne Heiseng of 41.
The offensive line has got...
BOT-3, man!
I hate the offense of 21.
Ricky William is 15.
Mohawar David is 15.
AJ Touchy-Feely 2.
And...
J. Feelers only got a peer.
A small one.
And anyway, oh, don't forget to look for that QA in van right now.
If the shell stays in the corner of Broward and University in plantation...
RAH!
Stop by to pick up movie passes to watch later 49 next week,
and at the Founded Zate Movie Theatre.
Free passes.
Got it?
Got it.
No television event has ever received as many complaints.
Now, I probably should take a few more calls,
and maybe I will be forward to a flight.
But I just...
I got piles, man.
And I definitely will be on Howard Schoenemar as far as the world's biggest hemorrhage.
I got piles.
I mean, just two important stuff.
You know how it is some days when you got...
Some day you don't have much.
Today just a huge pile.
No TV event has ever received as many complaints from the American public
over 540,000 as the Super Bowl halftime show produced by CBS.
Open Chairman Michael Piles remarks about the FCC's $550,000 fine living against Viacom.
As countless families gathered around the television watch our nation's most celebrated events,
they were rudely greeted with halftime shows,
done more fitting of a burlust show.
The show clearly intended to push the limits of prime time TV,
ultimately violated the federal law that restricts in decent programming at times
when children are less likely to be watching.
The US Constitution is generous in its protective-free expression,
but it is not a license to thrill.
I guess it's a license to chill, but not a license to thrill, right?
All right.
Anything goes is not an acceptable mantra for those who are lucky to earn their profit
using the Puex Airways, as he said.
The police said the Janet Jackson Justin Tinkerbell wardrobe malfunction
was the only person to have time show that he felt overstepped the indecency boundaries,
noting that other FCC commissioners wanted to extend the fines for the risque dance performances,
and also for inappropriate material and some of the commercials that are during the Super Bowl.
Is this incredible or what? I bet you didn't even know that, right?
No.
The police said I agreed that some of the performances were risque
and that commercials were frequently crashed in sophomore year,
but they were hardly indecent within the bounds of federal law.
Now, I hope that Joyce is listening to that, okay?
Because the one commercial we know he's talking about is the one with a farting horse, right?
He says they were hardly indecent within the bounds of federal law
to let loose governmental sanctions on such a thin premises
to stray from our limited rule in enforcing the indecency laws
into the role of national nanny, arbiter of faith, values, and propriety.
How do you like that?
That coming from the anxious Michael Powell,
son of the Aligning Bastard Secretary of State, Colin Rowland Powell.
Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein was perhaps the harshest as usual
in his partial dissent of judgment, calling it a regular-thraight malfunction.
There's a malfunction at your junction.
You know I'm saying Jonathan?
Welcome.
That's the place.
Based on the careful review of the records at Adelstein,
I find today's remedy totally inadequate.
After all the bold talk, it's a slap on the wrist that can be paid with just
seven and a half seconds of Super Bowl ad time.
The $550,000 fine measures up to only about a dollar per complaint
for the more than $542,000 complaints that flood into the FCC after the broadcast.
While the Commission must always proceed cautiously in broadcast-decently cases,
this type of graphic and gratuitous nudity is not a close call continued Adelstein.
The millions of our nation's children who were ambushed by the Super Bowl have time
showed us there a better protection.
A fine of seven and a half seconds of ad time would you calm down?
We're not talking about Mexico or Spain or Spain or country or not, man.
We're Italy or France.
That's right.
A fine of seven and a half seconds of ad time is scarcely any determined.
The shock waves are still being felt by this shameful episode.
I feared that today would respond to a wardrobe malfunction with a regulatory malfunction,
he would be saying.
FCC Commissioner Michael Cops was another of the commissioners that wanted to take
fines further stating, I agreed that the Super Bowl halftime show violated the
indecency statute and I'm pleased that we're taking this step to address a deplorable incident.
I remain content, however, by certain aspects of the decision therefore would not approve it entirely.
The commission received complaints of other aspects of the halftime showing some of the
commercials continued Cops yet the order dismisses these complaints in a footnote with hardly
any analization or explanation.
The FCC relies on viewers and listeners to file complaints about indecent broadcasts
and places a heavy burden on complaining citizens.
He says the citizens that file these complaints have a right to expect more of a commission
to follow through on their complaints.
That's right.
If you are affording horse on TV, you ought to be bitching and screaming and yelling.
The fact that we got over a thousand dead Americans over there in Iraq and that our
Americans are getting their heads chopped off every day, that's nothing to worry about.
But when you see a booby or a farting horse, that's when you ought to get on your
high horse and scream and carry on like crazy.
Did I say high horse?
Well, you did.
On your high cheer.
Commissioner Kevin J. Martin agreed with Cops stating, first hundreds of thousands
of viewers across the company filed complaints asking us to find various aspects of the Super Bowl halftime show
indecent.
Some even complain that the whole show was indecent.
This notice, however, analizes only one segment of the show.
We have a duty to public to fully analize all the complaints that we receive.
Paul also addressed an issue being raised by many broadcasts about having said no said guidelines
for an indecent seat definition saying, it is not possible to write a red book of do's and don't
through as it wise.
This is, he always comes back to the same crap.
There are simply too many subtle days and too many contexts in which he gave him
form of speech my decrypt and generalizes a set of rules.
The individual facts in the context are critical to separating protected speech from unlawful speech.
How about just giving us some general guidelines that makes sense instead of just a bunch of
double talk and mumbo jumbo you idiot you, you goof off, you clown, you silly person, you
uptight phoney baloney prude.
Anyway, here's the poll about suggesting for a poll, Dahl Fandini, Anya, Nyan, Linda
Mottem, whatever you say, I'll put it in my pile poll or is it the other way around.
So how do you like that?
I want to go back and read that one thing again there.
Yeah, what you think?
They wanted to, something commissioners wanted to extend the fines for risque dance
performances and also for inappropriate material and some of the commercials that air during the
super bowl.
This is so absolutely, they let Elvis get away with it no.
That's right and that was where they made the mistake of it.
They just stopped them in unit, we would do where we are right now.
Stop them at Memphis.
Right, that's correct.
If they just stopped them on the Ed Solomon show.
Now, getting down to some more serious minutes.
NBC pulled, we got pulls up the nose here, all kinds of pulls.
In fact, there's one that shows Carrie with a lead.
How do you like that?
But the first one, the NBC's poll now shows with less than six weeks of production day.
The latest NBC News Wall Street Journal poll shows, Bush with a lead over Carrie,
but it's within the margin of air much smaller than some of the other recent post-UOP convention
polls indicate.
That'll be put about, he's not going to do all that great among women.
That's what bothers me, Carrie's only a few points out among women,
a girl, one woman by 11%, and Democrats generally do very well among women.
But for whatever reason, I guess most of the women out there want to have their sons
sent off to us, another one of the neo-prans wars that are brought here and maybe have their heads cut down.
Maybe that impresses them a lot.
Anyway, this poll conducted by Hart McInten-Mickenturf shows Bush receiving
48% from registered voters, Carrie 45, and Nader, the Unchist-Stubborn-Picic-Turred 2%,
who the 65-core-varer.
Among likely voters, the fine is those expressing high interest in the election,
Bush holds a 4-point lead 50-46% over scary looking Carrie.
The difference between those couple of points and being the dead even races modest
said, mid-Age-UOP pollster, Bill McInturf, this is not a difficult race for Carrie
to quickly get back to being functionally tied.
Again, keep in mind this poll conducted by a Republican pollster.
And you like that?
That is Republican is George Gallup, though, but their polls are like, well,
what George Gallup is dead, but the Gallup organization.
It says, in fact, the results among registered voters are virtually identical.
The results have passed NBC Wall Street Journal polls, even though many experts
claim to push had it resounding the successful convention, and note that Carrie had a dreadful August,
especially the swivel of veterans for truth and yadi-adi-adi.
And the latest poll, which was released just days before the Republican convention,
the last one, Bush was 47.45, now it's 48.45.
And it got all bunch of numbers. It's on our website if you want to read all the numbers.
I don't have time for all numbers.
For one of our hot numbers, what's your name? Pamela Schumarten. That's kind of lukewarm.
Now, a poll in 20 swing states, public, am I coherent or am I like to do this to a day?
I thought it was.
Okay, I know.
Because I got a lot of stuff here. I got huge piles. Good pacing.
Oh, man, I've got piles. Good pacing. That's the Pompo Park this weekend of our own Saturday.
As a matter of fact, today it's the little brown jug from Delaware, Ohio.
Why?
With Roger Houston, the first voice of Pompo Park was screaming and puking,
and I think lost his voice yesterday before the jug at final at any rate.
A poll in 20 swing state. Maybe that's on right now, you know what?
I don't know what time they start those races on jug day at Delaware, Ohio.
Are keeping both CEPA and their sites?
Oh, I can tell you a lot of the races I saw the first time yesterday at the woodbine.
Anyway, can I get back to my story?
You see, when you get me wondering like that, I meander all over the place.
Now, this is a track of things. That's what happens when you can be old and fee-briled.
A poll in 20 swing states published yesterday showed John Kerry still playing into a narrow lead over president George Bush
in the key election battlegrounds, but raised questions about the reliability of any of these polls that have all been put into the campaign.
This is the Zodney poll, which he hates Bush like poison.
So while the Gallup poll is very biased on the other side, this one also, you have to raise four eyebrows when you look at it.
It suggests that Mr. Kerry was losing ground, but his support is better distributed in the battleground states,
giving him a potential edge in the electoral college.
According to Mr. Zodney, if the election were held today, Kerry had 264 electoral votes, and they'll present the 241.
Florida and Arkansas would be tied.
They're neck-and-neck nose to nose. I guess they don't realize we got all the sources out there that are going to vote three or four times.
That's right, they're going to get even for $2000 you dark votes.
You go out there and vote over and over and over again, so it would put Kerry about $4,040,400,000 votes ahead.
By enough so that the fat ass governor can come in there with Katherine Harris again and Theresa LaPore and Steely election.
Anyway, it says it can crash dramatically with the latest Gallup poll, which gave Bush a 14-point, and we know that.
Anyway, it says this is a significant erosion of Kerry's margin in the electoral college two weeks ago, and his lobby poll had a 51-whole of lead in the electoral college, not 27.
And then it goes out about the peer research poll, and this poll and that poll and the flag poll and the lightning poll and all the southern garbage, okay, and the May poll.
What's the one that we used to do the Mayberry poll, right?
Okay. And that way when we used to dance around the Mayberry poll with Andy and Barney. Right, something like that.
Does he still alive? He just barely hanging on, Andy Griffith.
Our celebrity death watch, so it's Andy Griffith. Oh, as a girl, pretty silly. He's going to be pushing up daisy and driving this daisy, but he sure was.
He was a hell of a hoot when he and Don Nots. I liked Don Nots before he got hooked up with Andy Griffith.
All that corn-pone stuff. Don Nots was great on him. What was he on? Steve Allen show? Yes. Okay.
Tom Poston, Don Nots, Dave Nellon. Why not? That's before your time. Great show.
You have. Check all the great shows before your time. TV used to be good and take my word for it.
Okay. Who's to blame for the Dolphin's sorry team is our poll question today. We don't want to overlook this poll, especially when I'm hot games come up this weekend.
I think the Patriots have a bi-week this week, don't they? That must be you're the Patriot fan. I'm bigger party. You're the Patriot fan?
I think they have a bi this week. Bye-bye. I believe. Maybe I'm wrong.
I thought that the whole division had the bi the same week or am I wrong about that? You're wrong about that?
Oh, so the Patriots have a bi this week and the Dolphins, if you thought they played a girls team last week and lost this incident, the Steelers aren't looking awfully good. They look pretty weak.
Okay. So just maybe, maybe they could be a chance to win again there. Unlikely, we'll see.
Who's responsible for their sorry team? Once that 141, I don't give a shmit 75. Each way hides in your 53-old Baldy.
The offensive line 32, I hate the Dolphins 24.
Ha!
Ritualium 17, Mohawar David at 16, AJ Puchi Fili 2 and J Fever has got a pair.
You're a sneaker, Neil Rogers.
The rest of us are going to buy some of the Super Junior QAM.
I'm from our alien, Ross Leiden. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Ro-K, I'm gonna use the hour.
Take that in!
Oh, this is Alba's Pida from Tall Design Records, inviting you American into the old profile latest Ask Even's collection.
You know my mom, it is right. Take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp face.
How I wish I had an American hostage. Make those in their fame.
I was only shooting this classic.
I was on the airplane, and suddenly the tea changed.
Their mac is I can burn, and wear it down on my head.
I don't know what I'm at.
I'm being followed by an F-16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb, and pass your fault.
It wouldn't have been a fly where it's you.
Find dark skin, and a rag.
If you want a detainee.
I got a variation of the classic.
I ask myself every day,
Which American should get?
Tell me who would move on with slaves.
I'm going to shoot you in the middle of a gun.
I'm going to do the mega moment.
She lived in a veil and exposed herself.
So buy new cash evens collections today for 1995.
Or you can pay with Lisa, Mastercard, or weapons of master drugs.
Oh man!
12.03.05.60.
I love it.
How many more times are you going to play that today?
About 30, man.
At least.
I had a dog at 2 and we got the hurricanes game day at 4.
I'll let this stuff on QAM on Power 96.
I'm pissed over here, over there.
That's all over the place.
We're like a spreading disease, man.
We're all over your radio dial.
President Bush's debate negotiators gave up one big quid
for some small but important quos from Senator John Kerry's debate team.
The rich agreement announced yesterday's sources posted in negotiations said.
While agreeing to the three debates the Kerry team wanted,
including a town hall encounter, team Bush led by the anxious James A. Baker,
the turd.
You turd?
Also got the Democratic presidential nominee,
so I'd agree the source of the debate topics to make foreign policy the subject of the first debate.
The Bush negotiators also won a two minute limit on the candidate's responses.
A rule they say will restrict Mr. Kerry's grandstanding tendencies.
A bipartisan commissioner had proposed making the first debate about the
Mr. Policy, while foreign policy, seen as Mr. Bush's strong suit,
was proposed as the topic for the third debate.
Because the first debate has historically been on the largest television audience,
and the third to make it a small CD viewership,
the topic was a major game for team Bush.
Oh yeah, they're really doing good on foreign policy, aren't they?
Mr. Kerry's negotiators, meanwhile, won three chances for their mandate
were pierced side by side as an equal with the president,
and three chances for Mr. Bush to misspeak, things like Abu Garh,
which Mr. Kerry's report has been the president's tendency in unscripted exchanges.
The important thing was for Kerry to be able to be there with the president of the West,
and the more times he does that, the more it elevates his political status,
the Democratic political consultant Joe Surrell,
and he goes on about to do this, and the Bush is going to fump the ensemble
and get all upset and storm off the stage.
How come, and again, never have a little of a medium-ade of that about what that day
that he just stormed off the stage in that press conference?
Yeah.
And like nothing happened, it's like we saw that, about two or three times,
that was the end of that.
As the enemies of tyranny.
Yeah, that's right.
Anyway, Maureen does have a good calm.
We better take a call or two though.
First, 567-0560, pound 562, on the Verizon and Singular wireless line,
because these calls are singularly sensational.
There's only one anyway.
WQA and hello.
How are you doing, buddy?
All right, Pali.
Of course, listen, I'm about to test where you're going.
You have to see, you know, find an CBS.
The thing you're entering to be the most,
they do are 500,000 people complaining.
That's less than 25% of the people that watch this big of all.
And, and they say, 25%?
25% less than 0.5% yeah, right?
And the thing you're entering to be the most,
is they say the most big of the place where their children
look at the common in countries.
Look at their kids 11, 30 at night on a school night watching a Super Bowl.
You know, my kids are about to eat a cock and I'm recording the game for them.
You know what?
I could have that Janet part on the tape, you know?
I'd be right now.
I was 11, 30 at night.
I don't think so.
Yeah, but game started at 920.
It got me to get all the announcements and hope these are emoting.
But game started at 920.
I thought the game started at 6 o'clock, 620.
No, it was 920.
I was 6 o'clock Easter.
Anyway, also, you know, I'm a man.
I am.
Go ahead, keep your composer, man.
All right, yeah, I was going to say.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Oh, on the west coast, I could see that.
Of course, we don't know if any complaints came in from the west coast because they're used
to all kinds of perversion and filth and growth test up in body parts and those things that
we can't see on here anymore could join us as uptight, not aside, like Stevie Wonder.
Right?
Right.
I mean, seriously, the idea that they actually considered finding them for the dance routines
and for the farting horse commercial, I mean, what did I say at the time?
The fact that Americans sit back and they accept this and take it like, oh, yeah, well, this
makes sense to me, you know, or they're not like riding in the streets over.
How is that possible?
How is it possible that America is so passive, they'll take any crap that the government
dishes out?
Oh, wow.
And like you can tell me, you go to these appearances and they can't believe that we can't play the
fart sounds anymore.
We can't play 80% of the comedy bits anymore because the government now has become the moral sense
and they keep saying, well, we don't want to go overboard.
Right.
The civilized world, for those of you that 40 of you out there with a passport who actually
get to go to living and breeding countries around the West, they're laughing at America.
Number one, they hate the president.
They hate most of you because of the president because of the government, a bunch of Nazis,
but over and above and beyond that, they can't believe just like when Clinton was doing all that monocopiness
stuff.
And it couldn't believe that.
Oh, my.
Yeah, exactly.
The whole world is like in disbelief, like the whole government's being suspended now because of the president
screwing around like that's a big new revelation.
Oh, and speaking of that, he won't be doing it again soon.
Lots of he says, no, that's what the inquirer says and the inquirer knows about your privates.
Clinton's sex fears is his lust life over.
Big article, all kinds of good stuff and inquirer this week.
It's about time.
As ex-president recovers from heart surgery, doctors warn he may never be able to crank up the
passion like he used to.
He ain't going to be able to crank it up.
Former president Bill Clinton has just gotten what could be the biggest blow of his entire life.
Now, I don't want to go there, but don't let me knew people that they inquirer better
watch yourself or Joyce is going to be coming after your ass.
You're right over there in Lantana and she's going to be knocking your door down screaming, let me in.
Let me in stuff like that.
He may never be able to have sex again.
Medical experts tell Globe that for, oh, this is not the inquirer.
I'm sorry, excuse me.
All those are saying building the globe that for the next month passion bouts are an absolute no-no
for the ex-president as he recovers from his recent quadruple heart bypass surgery.
I brought the globe here and I thought it was the inquirer.
Oh my God, the freaking globe.
But the doctors warn that Clinton may also be haunted by a terrifying fear of sudden death
and that scared could keep him from indulging in what was his unofficial favorite pastime
rumping between the sheets.
The possibility of doing anything strange was to terrifying to anyone who's had heart surgery
and especially for a man like Bill, who was sexually attractive and active since a long time, pal.
Dr. Richard Stein, a spokesperson for the American Heart Association in New York tells the globe,
even though we tell patients who have had cardiac events such as quadruple bypass
or heart attack that it's safe to resume sex after four weeks, at least 50% of them
don't do it for a long time.
We tell them that it's safe, but there's still so much fear out there that our advice goes in one year
and out the other year.
After the other year.
Despite our best efforts in convincing our patients that it's okay they put off having sex
for months or until they've exercised and see that breaking a sweat doesn't bother the heart attack.
The old myth of people dying during sex is still pervasive and Hans Patensworth had cardiac events.
Well, I do like that.
Now, Maureen Dowd writes,
the Prince of Tides, tacking and attacking.
She's so good.
She's not good on TV though.
Nope.
They hit her on MSNBC, which I'm the only one to 10 people that ever watched MSNBC.
I'll tell you who actually is coming on pretty good lately.
I don't like him personally, but his show is actually, do I dare say Chris Matthews?
Okay.
I don't like, I can't stand him, but he actually has some good, you know, I don't want to say it.
He's been okay.
And anyway, Maureen Dowd says,
I had to come all the way to Hollywood and she's talking California, not Florida.
I had to come all the way to Hollywood to find Democrats who can actually sound sincere when they say,
John Kerry has turned the corner.
Mr. Kerry is looking for corners to turn in his campaign.
Just as frantically as the president looking for corners to turn in Iraq,
I wait Mr. Kerry's chances higher.
But even here among the rights despised liberal culture, culturally elite,
some disenchanted Democrats are already lusting for the Clinton Restoration in 2008.
Kerry's always trying to hard to prove his guidom, one influential Democrat side,
while Bush comes across the more her real guy.
Republicans back in Washington and not only mocking these spandex-scoded Mr. Kerry's windsurfing video in their ads,
they scoff at the notion that the winds it is back.
I'm not sure it's turning according to Regis and Kelly,
sneered one who's been taken talking about Mr. Kerry in the past tense.
The Bush's perverse private calculation about why Mr. Kerry can't get traction
would be comic if it weren't tragic.
He can't effectively argue that he could do something differently in Iraq because W
has so ballac stuff to place that even a change at the top wouldn't help.
He'd never be able to get any other countries to help us one Bush insider said,
even the British only have 7,000 troops in Iraq compared to our 150,000.
The London Observer reported that despite growing dangers in Iraq,
the main British person will be cut by a third.
Mr. Kerry's finally begun to fight back and put the focus on Iraq instead of Vietnam.
His speech on Monday was compelling, unlike W's toxic cotton candy spin,
has the additional advantage of being true.
Going after Sodom as the senator says was a diversion from our greatest enemy or some have been lawdened.
We've traded a dictator for a chaos that has left America less secure, Kerry said.
We have as Mr. Kerry says a present and vice-president who are in denial in a fantasy world
and who are guilty of colossal figures of judgment.
W did his wife and the idea logs who surround him,
and filtering out those who disagreed, including leaders at his own party in the uniform military.
America's credibility in the world is plummeted as Mr. Kerry says,
just at the time we have to deal with the truly scary spokes in the actions of evil,
the ones who are a real nuclear threat, not an imaginary one.
And Mr. Kerry's case has a hollow center.
He was acted as press conference on Tuesday about W's snide reminders
that his rival gave him authority to go to war and playing in front,
playing fratfights W's rush chairman and he'd legally agreed he still would have voted to give that authority
even if there were no WMDs.
That vote he replied was correct because we needed to hold Sodom
who's saying accountable for weapons, that's what America believed.
Not all Americans, the administration ruled that Democrats on the authorization vote
it was clear at the time that going after Sodom to punish or some of aid no sense
that Cheney and Company were going to use Sodom as a lab rat for all their old neo-connogendists.
It was clear as the fleet sailed through it Iraq that the Bush crew had no interest in diplomacy
that had wanted to castrate the flaccid UN, the flower child Colin Powell
in his Pinsburg State Department, snouted a year old Europe and the despised Sodom
to show that America is a hyperpower not to be messed with.
As I quoted a girlfriend saying in September 2002 a month before Mr. Curie's authorization vote
Bush is like the guy who reserves a hotel room and asks you to the prom.
When Mr. Curie says it was the way the President went about challenging Sodom that was wrong
rather than the fact he challenged Sodom he's side-stepping the central moral issue.
It was wrong for the President to take on Sodom as a response to 9-11
to pretend that dictator was a threat to our national security
to drum up a fake case on weapons and a fall link to our al-Qaeda
and to divert our energy emotions and material from the real enemy to an old enemy
who's addressed we knew.
It was wrong to take Americans to what without telling the truth about why we were doing it and what it would cost.
It wasn't the way W did it, it was what he did.
You are listening to the new new Rogers ads emotionally unbiased and unpaid.
I read what we hate them or something that we know they did not do.
Bush will buy us that's the occupation.
Yeah, we're all screwed.
Can a stop in dreams let them free a frame and pile up your life for life to let things in.
They'll take it away, back to them in a pile.
There's a code that holds a key that's small.
We'll first see it all and straight this far ahead.
And just they go as far as he's more child.
We'll just go like the first, you only call it children.
Look what we see.
Oh my God.
All right, I'm in a mincee, now look back, we'll die.
I've been hurt like rocker on my daughter, they die.
I'm not so sure Joyce has been a provenant smelly said gold like reference, you know, better check it out.
Which part is it?
12-19.
Of course they do all about Joyce, do it.
We're not be something to find out more about Joyce.
Anyway, this is a great article written by Diana.
Diana doesn't have a last name, although we will get back to you.
Diana.
In the globe.
Oh, I see Diana sick free, she does have a last name.
It's one of those, let's see, Hollywood, one of those kind of columns in the globe.
Diana shoots from the lip, wait a year this, it's really for a tabloid.
It's a midi with the tabloids generally because they appeal to the trailer trash crowd.
The tabloids generally appeal to the right wing crowd.
But Diana says, by George, he's got nerve.
In her explosive new book author Kitty Kelly calls President Bush a liar.
This is news.
Just look at the so-called War on Terror.
Initially, I supported it very, very reluctantly.
I might add, choosing to believe that if decent intelligence people such as Colin Powell and Tony Blair believed it was the right move,
then they obviously knew more than they're telling us.
And so be it, the public is not entitled to know everything that's going on.
Now, all I know is too many people are coming home either in bits or in body bags and for what?
Does anyone even talk about Osama anymore?
Wasn't he the terror we were looking to eliminate?
But back to this book to family, the real story of the Bush dynasty,
which surprise surprises got the Bush camp up in arms while going to battle is their first impulse.
Kelly claims W was a shy, charmelous, boozer and druggy,
who thumbed his nose at the honor of the presidency by repeatedly snorting cocaine to Camp David
when his dad, George Sr. held the highest office in the land.
Years earlier in the 70s, George, he boy arranged for a pregnant girlfriend to have an abortion
by then he had already developed an encephal relationship with alcohol that began as the celebrityographer
when he struggled academically in boarding school.
The booze also came in handy with the ladies.
And it queens, now can I interrupt my reading of this?
Do you notice that she makes reference to the pregnant girlfriend having an abortion?
Yeah.
Now has anybody in the media, because I haven't read the book yet,
I've thumbed through and read selected parts, but it's a huge book and I'll get to it this weekend.
But if that's actually in there, why hasn't the meat even been talking about that?
And what if back in seven, and the 2000, weren't the mainstream media talking about that?
And I just look year in Canadian, buddy.
It says years earlier in the 70s, George, he boy arranged for a pregnant girlfriend having an abortion
by then he had already developed an encephal relationship with alcohol that began as the celebrityographer
when he struggled academically in boarding school.
The booze also came in handy with the ladies.
And it queens recalled George couldn't relate to what unless he was loaded.
Kelly sources attribute substance abuse to his suspension from flying during his stint in the national guard,
although relevant documents are mysteriously missing from the record.
It gets worse.
The author claims George was at times so abusive to wife Laura, she fled their home several times.
The police were never involved probably because of some arm twisting by the powerful bush clan.
Not that she was so innocent either it seems, according to Kelly, Mrs. Prim was the golden two-girl from marijuana during her college days.
Now I don't care that the president drank or did drugs, I don't care that he or she, I remember,
hope helped terminate a pregnancy.
I'd rather have someone real in office, someone human who's made mistakes was lived in a little or a lot,
and if we relate to people as flawed as we all are, better that than some sanctimonious, straight arrow who looks down on you and me.
What gets me if any of Kelly's claims are true is that Bush doesn't admit to any of his past failings or his present ones,
and as the gall of the slime has opponents for lesser evils.
Sure, his spin doctors had the sense to tell him to fess up to boozing, that goes down smooth with his beard,
gruzzle, and gun-totten supporters, especially after you throw in the religion crap, please.
These supporters blast that Kelly's blockbuster book is out where you simply don't really time to affect the upcoming election.
Well duh, but they can just calm themselves down right now because the sad truth is Bush ain't going nowhere.
As far as I can tell, the majority of the voting public favors tax cuts for the rich, higher healthcare costs, fewer jobs,
a senseless expensive war or grandchildren will still be paying for, a gazillion dollar deficit, the destruction of the environment,
and an educational system that's the shame of the free world, and no book no matter how sensational is going to change that.
Wow.
That's greater why.
You're right, boy.
Tight, concise.
She don't pull any punches in there, that bitch.
Who is it?
So you're anti-sig free that they are at the globe.
Well, you go girlfriend.
Man, that's one of the finest comms I've ever read.
In a tabloid no less.
I'm going to get back to that Kitty Kelly book this weekend to find out about that, you know, I'm asking about that.
But that broader to Larry Flinter, both of them, but that youthful indiscretion.
I bet you would Larry that turned the choppers legs off if he wrote that book.
Here is the fact this isn't responsibly freaking moron who called us say the Super Bowl kicked off at 9.20 PM.
He's wrong.
Kickoff is usually like I said, while he's talking, you know, West Coast time, okay, Pacific time.
That guy tried to recover his ass with that.
Kickoff is usually between like I said 6.630.
This he did probably never seen a Super Bowl.
He left one huge name off the pole today and I bet he'll win.
Okay, that's right.
Rick Spielman, who wouldn't know a football from a come quad.
Rick Spielman, the GM, the Spielmeister.
He's the one who gave up the second round draft picked for Thursday and quarterback AJ Tutti Fili.
Rick Spielman, you got it on there, Josh?
Got it on there.
The Spielmeister says I'll bet he'll win.
I don't think he'll beat the one-stead era guy.
You know, it's the one-stead era, baby.
And we got a shot.
Oh, the poor long suffering fans, man, I warned you though.
I tried to let you down easy.
I told you for months and months and months it's going to be a disaster.
It's going to be bad.
It's going to be tragic.
And I was right, as usual.
I just mentioned in passing the papers of one two Super Bowl's last three seasons
and 17 in a row.
Oh, there actually was a Super Bowl game last year.
I still can't get over that.
The only thing, this goes to show you how pathetic America is, how juvenile, how in the stone age,
the only thing anybody can think about from that ballgame, from probably the greatest Super Bowl of all time,
phenomenal ending, as usual, with the papers anyway.
Was the booby trap?
That was it.
The flat, the this, the bat, all the other silly names they got for it.
Over a breast.
And I've even an entire breast, a part of a breast.
Not unlike, although a little bit darker than the breast of the Olympics in that the volleyball game,
whatever it was, that's a water, water portal.
Who is most blamed for the dolphins crappied at a sorry team?
Don't say crap now, sorry team.
We're sorry.
Somebody ought to be sorry, somebody ought to apologize.
Somebody ought to give you people a rebate.
472 votes of which the ones that are a man, the ones that myster has got 184.
I don't give a shmit 97.
H1 hyzing of 73.
The offensive line 38 of where they offensive or what?
I hate that offense 31.
Moll Howard David of 24, that might be correct.
Ricky Williams 20.
AJ Tussie feelin' 3.
J. Feetler 2.
And Rick Spielman he's on there.
He wants me to be a little rungist.
It's a losing leg.
I'm 560.
You am.
It's Steve O.
If I am in town, that's as much as I should do that 560.
WQL.
In that power company,
Oh, oh.
You put the utility in utility,
far enough paradise in life.
There isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you.
When a storm threatens,
we can count on you to turn our power off long before it gets here,
leaving the rest of us to marvel at the blue-flow
and exploding transports,
providing us a historical perspective of 1957's technology.
And if the moist heat of tropical darkness,
the weakening's how to reason our radio's broadcast
your latest press release for South Florida,
that says your trucks and crews are ready to roll
from the Alabama State border,
and they're questionin' everyone's mind is.
So as we search for the appropriate answer to
how many of the All emergency crews
does it take to change the life of?
Florida paradise in life,
this birds for you.
In that power company,
oh, oh.
Now, let me just send one message out to our friends
and Palm Beach County.
I don't want to pick on you,
but if you get really sick and tired of these hurricane skins,
you're gonna be coming right after your ass,
right directly at you,
like maybe Gene might be gonna do.
That's it.
Teach a lesson.
Don't be voting for Papu Can in this time, okay?
They did the right thing.
They voted Theresa out.
Don't be doing it again.
Oh, yeah, well, they got rid of her,
but a little bit too late.
That's the stuff in the right direction, though.
The Muslim vote.
Here's the latest poll on the Muslim vote in the US.
The West is not a joke.
This is for real.
71% for Kerry.
For Bush.
7%.
See?
Now, I think the West are for cats,
Stevens, right?
That's...
71 is 7 among the Muslim vote.
Which is a substantial number,
by the way, I should put it out.
On the Jewish vote, I mentioned these numbers yesterday,
but here's the whole thing from the Guardian.
How come we have to read the British papers
and the European papers and the internet
to get the real facts in the news
as opposed to this crap they put on life.
They failed.
And we went into a rock.
Yeah, like that.
Crap like that.
We went into a rock based on a bunch of lies
and Americans and other innocent people
are dying every single day.
And the government for whatever strange reason
is an impeaching arrest.
That's the thing I don't understand.
We had attacked five bunch of Saudis
and by Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda.
And we went into a rock to take care of all the business
which had nothing to do with anything.
And not only was it based on a bunch of lies,
but now it's turned into a quagmire.
Like they say, it can't spell quagmire without IRAQ.
Anyway.
George Bush has failed to win over
any of the traditional Jewish backing
for the Democrats,
despite the unwavering White House support for Israel
and a vigorous campaign by the Republican Party.
And the full release yesterday by the American Jewish Committee.
Oh!
Jewish voters preferred Mr. Kerry to Mr. Bush
by margin nearly three to one, 69 to 24%.
It's a slight improvement on Bush's 19%
Jewish support in 2000,
but well shorter the Republican hope of about 30%.
That's what they were hoping for.
Any other reason you got less than that probably in 2000s
because of Jew Lieberman, what do you think?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Although it just formed only two percent of the West population,
they put in great numbers
and a prominent New Year's Battleground States,
Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania,
where the support could be pivotal.
And Florida, they make up 3.9% of the population
more than the margin of victory in the 2000 election, no kidding.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, I want a first vacation observation that is.
Mr. Bush appeals to a section of the Orthodox community
because of his support for the Israeli Prime Minister,
Ariel Fadashiron,
and his open religiosity,
but most Jews are not changing sides.
David Harris, Director of the American Jewish Committee,
said most Americans used to enter the liberal side of the political equation,
and therefore instinctively leaned toward the Democratic candidate.
And this year may be no exception,
despite a president with a strong crack record on U.S.
Israeli relations,
and who's waging war on radical Islamic terrorism.
This is the second poll of the Confound Republican hopes
in a survey by the Democratic Polster's Greenberg,
Quinlan and Rossner for the National Jewish Democratic Council.
Kerry had 75% Bush 22%.
What is clear from the survey is that Jewish voters
don't necessarily believe that Bush is better on Israel than Kerry.
The poll showed an uneasiness
with the administration's leadership of the war on terror in Iraq,
and areas which are expected to pick up Jewish support.
There's something else in here about the religious of, oh yeah.
Where the hell is it?
The headline, well I'm just reading the headline.
It says,
poor show of present support for Israel will not win votes
from the traditionally Democratic mainstream,
who recoil from his religious zeal.
Got it?
Who recoil from his religious zeal?
His born-again fanatical guaysh zeal, alright?
So there you go on that.
So the Arabs, the Shlataids,
they're not too keen on them,
but Jews say fat.
But then again we got all of them Southern Bifus, man.
We got them all goyem.
Speaking of voters,
millions block from voting in the U.S. election by Alan Ellsner.
When I first looked at the byline that article I've thought for sure
that it said,
I'm an earth!
But it's Ellsner.
Sorry about that Alan,
who ever it how you are.
From Reuters.
Millions of U.S.
this is so disturbing, man.
How come I get this scared by this?
Everybody else out there like,
like that,
huh?
I don't know.
Do we still have those tickets to give away out there or not?
Yes.
QM van is right now for shell station in the corner of
and university implantation stop-out to pick up free movie passage
to boxlider 49 next week at the Fountain Zay movie theater.
I guess those aren't going too hot, right?
They're a lot of them.
We got tons of them, man.
We got tickets up to,
no, it was.
Millions of U.S. citizens including a disproportionate number
of black voters will be blocked from voting in the November of second presidential election,
because of legal barriers,
faulty procedures or dirty tricks.
According to civil rights and legal experts, again,
just like Fredo sitting on the curb there rocking back and forth with his head in his hand,
again, again, after they got hit him with fire shots and pain.
The largest category of those legally disenfranchised consist of almost five million former felons
who have served prison sentences that have been deprived of the right to vote under laws
that have roots in the post-Civil War 19th century that were aimed at preventing black Americans from voting.
But millions of other voters in the 2000 presidential election were lost due to clerical and administrative areas
while civil rights organizations of cataloged numerous tactics aimed at suppressing black voter turnout,
polls consistently find that black Americans overwhelming we vote for Democrats' dog.
There are individuals and officials who are actively trying to stop people from voting
who they think will vote against their party and that nearly always means
stopping black people from voting.
Democratic said, Mary Frances Berry, head of the U.S. Commission on Human Rights, no relation to Mary and Berry.
Vicki Beasley, no relation to the nose pickers,
a field officer for people for the American Oive,
listed some of the ways voters have been discouraged from voting.
In lessons in Baltimore in 2002 and in Joe Joe last year,
black voters were sent flyers saying that anyone who hadn't paid utility bills
or had outstanding parking tickets or were behind on their rent would be arrested at polling stations
and happens in every election cycle she said.
Ho ho.
Yeah. If you haven't paid your outstanding parking tickets or your FBNL bill or whatever they got up there,
you're going to get arrested when you go to vote.
Well, I think I'll stay home.
In a mere role election to allow for your life,
your people pretending to be playing close police officers
to outside some polling station asking people to identify themselves.
There have also been reports of mysterious people videotaping people waiting in line to vote in black neighborhoods.
Minority voters may be deterred from voting simply by...
Oh, there it goes.
Oh, there it is. I thought that was going to be the one.
I think that's sabotage.
I knew that...
Now, you better talk to her once again, or a call or somebody,
because that thing is just going to blow out.
It's just doing this spontaneously.
When I spoke to him, I guess day before yesterday,
I said it could go any minute now.
And...
And here we are.
He hasn't said anything to me about it.
Anyway, my honor rocken used a little vacation.
Minority voters may be deterred from voting simply by election officials demanding to see drivers licenses before handing them a ballot,
according to Spencer Overton, who teaches law at George Washington University.
The federal government does not require people to produce a photo ID,
unless they're first time voters who registered by mail.
African Americans are four to five times less likely than whites have a photo ID over it
and set it a recent briefing on minority disenfranchisement.
Courtney Strickland of the American Celebrities Union,
no relation to Jean Strick, when used to play shortstop with the Cleveland Indians in the early 50s,
testified at U.S. Commission on Civil Rights last week that at a primary election in Florida last month,
many people were wrongly turned away when they could not produce that in vacation.
The commission in the report earlier this year said that in Florida,
we're President Bush won in that bitterly disputed election by supposedly 537 votes.
Black voters had been 10 times more likely than non-black voters to have their ballots rejected,
and were often prevented from voting because their names were erroneously purged from the registration lists.
Additionally, Florida is one of 14 states that prohibit excellence from voting,
7% of the electorate put 16% of black voters in that state are disenfranchised.
In other swing states, 4.6% of voters in Iowa,
but 25% of blacks were disenfranchised in 2000s as expolens,
and Nevada was 4.8% of all voters, but 17% of blacks,
in New Mexico, 6.2% of all voters, but 25% of blacks.
In total, 13% of all black men are disenfranchised due to a felony conviction according to Commission on Civil Rights.
This has a huge effect on elections, but also on black communities which see their political clout diluted.
No one has yet explained to me how letting expolens who have served their senses
in the polling booth shirts anyone said Jesse Allen, the Brennan Center for Justice at NYU.
Penda here.
Well, that's her name.
Penda here, co-director of the advancement project,
which seeks to ensure fair multicultural elections,
recently reported that registrars across the country often claim not to receive voter registration forms,
or rejected them for technical reasons that could have been corrected easily before voting day if the applicant had known there was a problem.
Beasley said that many voters who had registered recently in swing states were likely to find their names would not be on the rules when they showed up on election day.
There's a very widespread delay in the swing states because there have been massive registration drives among minorities,
and those applications are not being processed quickly enough.
So you're registered vote in time, you're its legal, it's kosher you show off and say, oh sorry, it ain't on there yet.
Check back what is in about a week after the election's over.
Your choosing the meaningful, legal, and fraudulent and collective rate on 5th September, will be in the end.
The word is your say.
Popper, what are we gonna do? I think Popper, we are all being screwed. I think we're fair.
Why is this happening to us? We want the MCC to get off our way, Popper.
There's no way for us now even DJs are all down in the mouth, you can listen.
But now you will find any words that will corrupt your side.
No fun to beat, no for body MCC, no fun to beat, except for body MCC.
There's nothing left for us to enjoy, we'll soon be playing with children.
For all I feel fun to beat, except for body MCC, no, except for body MCC.
There was us to be clean, we think they know what we should feel.
They try to take you back what is real.
Just a little reason to us, I think, you know, to please don't put up a bunch of attention.
The MCC let you learn how to walk with one thing your highness can't do it all by himself, like I'll help him.
Don't put it up on the shelf that the MCC wins.
No, just how you feel and maybe we'll get inside our smile, we feel good.
As easy what are you to win to us as easy what are you to win to us?
All rating close by, it's actually my tie, because of the MCC you want to stand what we can do.
MCC you want to win to stand there.
You give it try to stand the record, stand the DJ's name.
You know, I am thankful to you, I sent people, but stand and fight for what's true, stand your knitter.
You choose so far, so we can tell you MCC won't be under the whole day, or any longer.
And so far on your side, you go, we have nothing too high, young and young.
Get your opinions out and maybe now MCC will take us.
All of us is in the morning now, MCC.
And I even now no one knows what the world's trying to explain.
We are the MCC to play the MCC.
Go away, MCC.
And I'm far back, MCC.
Let us live our lives, for real, MCC.
MCC.
Go away.
MCC.
That is special, ain't it?
Anyway, I got something special, I got some good stuff here, some good stuff.
First, you are absolutely correct.
I'm getting stupid in my old age, but I got sucked in by that car.
I got really conned by that car.
It says you must be getting seen out.
There is no explanation that puts the Super Bowl trick off time past NPM anywhere in the US.
It has to be in Europe.
If it was 620 here, of course it was 320 in California.
I was trying to find some outlet for this guy who was coming up with this crap.
Anyway, assuming a 620 kickoff time here means halftime show was somewhere between A3 and A930,
with all the extra commercials and such, and 530 to 630 on the West Coast,
and sure if that collar was full of crap, almost as much as the MCC is what it says.
Got the a Michael Moore, Mr. Bush in the Senate, ever changing different positions on Iraq,
or column, but before that, speaking of what I was just talking about about voters getting just in franchise,
yeah.
This is by Erie Burman and the nation.
Is Michigan next question mark?
Michigan?
He says, is the battleground state of Michigan turning into the next Florida?
Is Terry Lynn Land, the Michigan Secretary of State and Republican Co-Chair of the Bush Cheney Campaign,
about to become the next Catherine Harris?
In the last few weeks, the Department of State's branch offices in Ann Arbor and Battle Creek
have distributed special notices to newly registered voters.
Registering today, please be advised that you're not eligible to vote in the November 2nd,
2004 general election.
Except the deadline to register for November's election isn't until October 4,
and the fires are meant for display only after October 5.
Ann Arbor is a progressive haven, and Battle Creek remains a hotly contested swing this week
with a one-term House Republican struggling for reelection.
What's going on here?
It's impossible to know right now whether the state's office deliberately misled voters
or made an honest mistake, but when state Senator Mark Schauer of Battle Creek
asked Land's legislative liaison what they were doing to remedy the problem,
he received a stunning reply.
Nothing.
That prompted a fiery news conference and rebuked from seven state legislators on Tuesday.
This is part of a consistent pattern and practice of the Republican Party said
Senator Samuel Thomas of Detroit, Land Reverse Corps, and Senate of Second Notice
informing new voters that their vote would count, but the damage may have already been done.
Who knows how many of these voters will disregard the second notice?
How many didn't register after seeing the first flyer?
It's still unclear how many of the 173 straight banter office has followed suit.
Land's office insists only two.
Schauer's office already learned of a third mailing to Brighton Michigan outside Detroit.
There is a precedent here in July Republican state legislature John Pap-Papa George
generated an outcry after labeling voter suppression, let me like this is too important.
There is a precedent here in July Republican state legislature John Pap-Papa George
generated an outcry after labeling voter suppression the key to a book-chainy victory.
If we do not suppress the Detroit book we're going to have a tough time he told the Detroit Free Press
speaking of the 80% black and heavily Democratic city.
In 2000 the Republican control legislature passed a bill requiring the address on a driver's license
to max the voter registration card information which disproportionately affects
college students immigrants and the poor who generally lean Democratic.
Combined with Pap-Papa George's comments the Michigan Secretary of State's recent actions
add only fuel to the fire.
How do you like that?
So you can't win it fair and square we got plenty of practice from 2000.
Let's go around from Michigan to Florida and anywhere else we can do it and win it unfair and unsquare.
Tragedy, pathetic.
And this was the compassionate conservatism that we're going to bring morality back to you.
A bunch of not-seed thugs is what you're dealing with boys and girls.
Michael Moore says, you're Mr. Bush.
I'm so confused we're exactly do you stand on the Izhu Verrack.
You, your dad, Remy, Condi, Colin and Wolfie, you've all changed your mind so many times
about a breath just trying to keep up with you.
Which of these 10 positions that you, your family and your candidate have taken over the years
represents your current thinking?
1983 to 88.
We love Sodom.
On December 19, 1983, Donald Rumsfeld will send by your dad and Mr. Reagan to go have a friendly meeting
with Sodom who sent a dictator of Iraq.
Remy looked so happy in the picture.
Just 12 days after this visit, Sodom gased thousands of Iranian troops.
Your dad and Remy seemed pretty happy with the results because the Donald R
went back to have another Chummy Hangout with Sodom's right-hand man through rhetoric as he
used his four months later.
All of this resulted in the US providing credits and loans to Iraq that enabled Sodom
to buy billions of dollars worth of weapons and chemical agents.
The Washington Post reported that your dad and Reagan let it be known to their Arab allies
that the Reagan Bush administration wanted Iraq to win its war with Iran
and anyone who helped Sodom accomplish this was a friend of ours.
1990 we hate Sodom.
In 1990 when Sodom invaded Kuwait, your dad and his defense secretary Dick Cheney decided
they didn't like Sodom anymore so they attacked Iraq and returned Kuwait to its rightful dictators.
1991.
We want Sodom to live.
After the war, your dad and Cheney and Colin Powell told the Shiites to rise up against Sodom
we would support them so they rose up.
But then we changed their minds.
When the Shiites rose up against Sodom, the Bush inter-circle changed its mind decided not to help the Shiites.
Thus they were massacred by Sodom.
1998.
We want Sodom to die.
In 1998, Rumsfeld Wolf was and others as part of a project for the New American Century
wrote an open letter to President Clinton insisting he invaded and toppled Sodom was saying.
2000.
We don't believe in war and nation building.
Just three years later during the debate with Al Gore in the 2000 election
when asked by a moderator Jim Lehrer where he stood when it came to using force for regime change
he turned out to be a downright pacifist.
Quote.
I would take the use of force very seriously.
I would be guarded in my approach.
I don't think we can be all things to all people in the world.
I think we've got to be very careful when we commit our troops.
The Vice President, Al Gore and I have a disagreement about the use of troops.
He believes in nation building.
I would be very careful about using our troops as nation builders.
I believe the role of the momentary is to fight and win war.
And therefore prevent war from happening in the first place.
And so I take my responsibility seriously.
2001.
We don't believe Sodom is a threat.
When you took office in 2001 you sent your secretary of state Colin Powell and your national security adviser
Condoleezza Rice in front of your cameras to assure the American people they need not worry about Sodom was saying.
Here's what they said.
Powell we should take, we should constantly be reviewing our policies, constantly be looking at those sanctions to make sure that they've directed our purpose.
The purpose is everybody's important.
Now as it was 10 years ago when we began it and frankly they've worked.
He has not developed any significant capability with respect to weapons of mass destruction.
He's unable to protect and mention power against his neighbors that was February 24, 2001.
Condoleezza.
But in terms of Sodom was saying being there let's remember that his country is divided in effect.
He doesn't control the northern part of his country.
We're able to keep arms from him as military forces have not been rebuilt.
That was July 29, 2001.
2001 late.
We believe Sodom is going to kill us.
Just a few months later in the hours and days after the 9-11 tragedy,
he had no interest in going after Osama bin Laden.
You wanted only to bomb your back and kill Sodom and then to law of America.
We were under a threat because of weapons of mass destruction that were coming our way.
You led the American people to believe that Sodom had something to do with Osama and 9-11.
But after UN Secretary of State, you broke international law and invaded Iraq.
2003.
We don't believe Sodom is going to kill us.
After no WMDs were found, you changed your mind about why you said we needed to invade coming up with a brand new after the fact reason.
We started this war so we can have regime change liberator Iraq and give the Iraqis democracy.
2003.
Mission accomplished.
Yes, everyone saw you said in costume no less.
2004.
Oops, mission not accomplished.
Now you call the Iraqi invasion invasion a catastrophic success.
That's what you call it this month.
Over a thousand US soldiers have died.
Iraq in this state of total chaos were no one is safe and you have no clue how to get us out of there.
Mr. Bush, please tell us when will you change your mind again?
I know you hate the words flip and flop so I will use them both on you.
In fact I'll use just one.
Flop.
That's what you are a huge colossal flop.
The war is a flop.
Your advisors and the intelligence they gave you is a flop.
And now we're all a flop to the rest of the world.
Flop, flop, flop.
And you have the audacity to criticize John Kerry with what you call the many positions he's taken on Iraq.
By my counties taken only one.
He believed you.
That was his position.
You told him in the rest of Congress that Saddam had WMD so he and the vast majority of Americans,
even though it's who didn't vote for you, believed you.
You see Americans like John Kerry want to live in a country where they can believe their president.
That was the one single position John Kerry took.
He didn't support the war he supported you and you let him in this great country down.
And that's why tens of millions can't wait to get to the polls on election day to remove a major
catastrophic flop from our dear beloved White House to stop all the flipping you and your men have done,
flipping us in the rest of the world off.
We can't take another minute of it.
We are proud of the Stern Show, me or others, mornings and we did.
And there's a well-known crime that applies to the world.
The world is a flower!
A rhyme.
I'm dying on the hear.
I joined the Nazis party.
They used to call it the GOP.
And I strongly agree with right-wing policies so that they won't be coming for me.
So I went to the Nazis party, convention held in the entire state.
For 9 or 11th, the Saudis gave their hands a shake.
And dance on the break of the reading.
I'm called now for bush-buck-trilless will.
This view, believe in the world, can't think for yourself.
What the fuck is that?
What the fuck is that?
What the fuck is that?
The food, the food, the food, the hair, the body, the food...
Being contained at the Nazi party was appropriately Christian and white.
There was David, Hugh, and Greer, channeled a grouply group.
And to be green teeth-cheek.
I'm watching, hold on to me now.
And then culture is where, boy, if you don't believe,
or she's the only one that you should die those in hell.
We're here in September and on May 2nd at 560 W.D. Kim.
Excuse me, Rach. Have another one for me.
And, boy, look how many votes we got in there already.
Pretty heavy duty on the dolphin situation, 594 votes.
Who is most responsible in your opinion for the dolphins?
Sorry, as team this season.
Dave Onsted, 226.
I don't give a shmit, 122.
8th Wayne Heizing Day 88.
The offensive line 49.
I hate the dolphins 39.
Mohauer, David in 33.
Ricky Williams, 26.
Rick Spielman, the Spielmeister, is only got five.
Whoever, well, maybe if we put him on in the beginning, he's only got five.
AJ Touchy, 3.
AJ Feeler's got three.
Wait, I'm doing too much reading, Dave.
You know what? Too bad.
Take a drink.
No, most seriously, I got important fish to fry here, okay?
Did I mention it's on our website?
I don't know why I wanted to spend a lot of time.
Because I got a very...
Well, let me do this one for you.
Did I mention the fan was gone?
Why?
Did I mention that the fan was gone?
Oh, the fans gone?
Okay, only shmit, kiddo.
Okay.
Okay, you can't get any more of those tickets for the movie.
The fans gone.
Did they give them all away?
Or did they just give up?
What are the other?
We don't care.
This is by Michael Isacov and Mark Hosenball.
Okay.
From MSNBC.
The story that didn't run.
The piece that 16 minutes killed for its report on the Bushguard document.
This will just...
This will make you pee your pants.
So kids, long, so just bear with me.
Because I'm doing too much reading and you know what?
Too bad. I like it.
I like it.
Good.
And of course, Josh likes it because he's daydreaming about his big ball game.
That I would... what's his name?
Francis O'Hare with Dave Van Boring.
Well, that has a good sense of humor about the way I rip him an ass.
And you deserve it too, by the way.
Dave, you are terminal.
Anyway, they write in its right to air.
It's now discredited story about President George W. Bush's National Guard Service.
CBS bought another sensitive piece, slated for these same 60-minute broadcasts.
A half-hour segment about how the US government was snookered by forged documents,
purporting to show Iraqi efforts to purchase uranium from Niger.
The journalistic juggling at CBS provides an ironic counterpoint to the fear
of apparently bogus documents involving Bush's National Guard Service,
one unexpected consequence of the network's decision was to wipe out a chance,
at least for the moment, for greater public scrutiny of a more consequential forgery
that played a role in building the Bush administration's case to invade Iraq.
A team of 60-minute correspondence and consulting report has been more than six months investigating
the Nigerian-Iranian documents fraud CBS sources tell Newsweek.
The group landed its first-ever on-camera interview with Elizabeth Eberba,
the Italian journalist who first obtained the phony documents,
as well as her elusive source, Rocco Martino, a mysterious Roman businessman,
with longstanding ties to European intelligence agencies.
Although the end of the piece never end up identifying Martino by name,
the story narrated by 60-minute correspondence Ed Bradley asked tough questions
about how the White House came to embrace the fraudulent documents,
and why administration officials chose to include a 16-word reference
to the question of Iranian purchase in President Bush's 2003 State of the Union speech.
Or just hours before the piece was set to air on the evening of September 8th,
the report as and producers on the CBS team were stunned to learn
the story with being scrapped to make room for a seemingly sensational story
about new documents showing that Bush ignored a director to take a flight physical
while serving in the National Guard more than 30 years ago.
Dr. D. Man?
The story has since created a journalistic and political firestorm
resulting in a colossal embarrassment for CBS.
This week the number concluded that its principal source for the document
say this journal, former Guard official, and Democratic partisan named Bill Berkett,
is light about where he got the material.
CBS anchored Dan Radd, a publicly apologized for broadcasting the quality report,
and CBS yesterday named the two-person team comprised of former US attorney General Dick Thornberg,
and former AP Chief Louis Bacardi to investigate the number's handling of the story.
This is like living in a Kafka novel said Joshua Micah Marshall,
a Washington monthly contributing writer and a web blogger,
who had been collaborating with 60 Minutes producers on the Uranium story.
Here we had a very important web reported story about forged documents
that helped lead the country to war, and then it gets bumped by another story
that relied on forged documents.
Some CBS reporters as well as one of the network ski sources fear
that the Nigerian Uranium story may never run,
at least not anytime soon, on the grounds that the network cannot now incredibly
error-report questioning how the Bush administration could have gotten taken
in by phony documents.
The network would be a laughing stock said one source innovatively committed with the story.
Although acknowledging that it was frustrating to have a story advanced,
David Galber, the lead CBS producer on the Niger piece,
said he had been told the segment will still air sometime soon, perhaps as early as next week.
Obviously, everybody at CBS is holding their breath these days,
and I'm assuming the story's going to run until I'm told differently, said.
The delay of the CBS report comes at a time when there have been significant new developments in the case,
although virtually none of them have been reported in the US.
According to a tight and inverted press reports,
Martino, the role middleman at the center of the case, was questioned last week by an
Italian investigating magistrate for two hours about the circumstances surrounding his acquisition of the documents.
Martino could not be reached for comment, but his lawyers reportedly planning a press conference in the next few days.
Burb of the Italian journalist confirmed in his week this week that Martino
was the previous and mysterious Mr. X who contacted her with the potentially explosive documents in early October 2002,
just as Congress was debating whether to authorize President Bush to wage war against Iraq.
The documents consisting of telecs' letters and contracts,
reported to show that Iraq had negotiated an agreement to purchase 500 tons of yellow cake uranium from Niger,
material that could be used to make a nuclear bomb.
A US intelligence official told Newsweek that Martino was in fact believed to have been the distributor of the documents.
Burb under instructions from her editor at Tanorama, a news magazine owned by Italian Prime Minister Sylvia Burbosconi,
then provided the documents to the US Embassy in Roman and efforts to authenticate them.
The Embassy soon passed the material under Washington, where some Bush administration officials viewed it as hard evidence to support its case
that Saddam Hussein's regime was actively engaged in a program to assemble nuclear weapons.
But the Niger component of the White House case floor quickly imploded.
As to evidence to support President Bush's contention in the state of the Union speech that Iraq was seeking uranium from Africa,
the administration turned over the Niger documents to the IAEC, the International and Promic Energy Agency,
within two hours, using the Google search engine, the IAEA of officials in Vienna determined the documents to be a crude forgery.
At the urging of Senator J. Rockefeller by Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee,
the FBI launched an investigation of the Niger documents and never determined if the US government had been duped by deliberate disinformation campaign,
organized by a foreign intelligence agency, others with a political agenda relating to Iraq.
So far, the bureau appears to have made little progress in unraveling the case.
The Senator is frustrated by the slow-paced investigation said Wendy Morigey, the press secretary of the Senator Rockefeller,
was recently briefed on the status of the FBI probe.
One striking aspect of the FBI investigation is that at least this is this week, Martino was told associates he's never been interviewed by the bureau,
despite the fact that he was publicly identified by the financial times of London as the source of the documents more than six weeks ago,
and was subsequently flown to New York City by CBS to be interviewed for the 16-minute report.
A U.S. law enforcement official said the FBI is seeking to interview Martino, but has not yet received permission to do so from the Italian government,
the official decline of common and other aspects of the investigation.
The case is taken on an additional intrigue because of mounting indications that Martino had long standing relations with European intelligence agencies.
Martino recently told us Sunday times of London that he had previously worked with SISMI, the Italian military intelligence agency,
and potentially noteworthy part of his resume, given that the conservative Italian government of Burlusconi was a strong supporter of the Bush Administration's invasion of Iraq.
A French government official told us that Martino also had a relationship with French intelligence agencies,
but the French official rejected suggestions from U.S. and British officials that French intelligence may have played a role in creating the documents in order to embarrass Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
The French never disseminated the documents because they couldn't establish their authenticity to French officials.
Martino was told Burva and others that he obtained the phone documents from an Italian woman who worked in the Niger Embassy in Rome.
It was in turn put in touch with the woman while yet another middleman who accrued the Burva's account had directed Martino to provide the documents to the Egyptians.
Some press reports have suggested that he still unidentified a middleman who put Martino in touch with his Niger Embassy source was in fact a SISMI officer himself.
Burva was twice been interviewed by the FBI but never gave up Martino's name since he had been cooperating with the C-Vase team on the story and hopes of getting to the bottom of the matter.
But now with the 60 minutes broadcast post-polling she's no longer confident that it can ever happen.
Meanwhile she said he's fed up with Martino who is lied to her and provided content through a counselor or journalist.
On Disappointed she told Newsweek in this story you don't know who's lying who's telling the truth.
The sources have been both discredited and discredited themselves.
So there you go.
That was part of the reason that they just had going to war in the first place.
We don't want to put that on there because we're already the laughing stock.
Their eye is crying.
That's the message of the court that $550,000 fine for that booby trap.
How do you guys?
Yeah.
That's the important stuff.
Farting horses and naked boobies man.
That's what your government is concerned about.
12 minutes after 1 at 560 WDQM if you're concerned about your hair falling out of the ground here's the answer for you.
For over 35 years our good friend Chuck Alphear has been providing amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually 100% undetectable.
And Charlie right now is introducing the latest development in hair restoration and it's an exciting deal called the New Laser Life Therapy treatment that's used for treating fine and thinning hair.
This new treatment is FDA certified and restores your hair and scalp factor with healthier state while increasing hair shaft density and volume.
The new laser life therapy and its cool light laser devices effective on both man and women.
And it's a painless non-epic treatment that is complete in just about a half an hour.
That's all it takes.
Charlie and the staff have witnessed dramatic results with this new system and impedes hair fallout for those of you with fine and thinning hair.
So stop waiting for a miracle to get your hair to stop falling into the sink on the shower or into the ground and give Charlie a color and more about this exciting new laser life therapy treatment.
And how can saw your thinning hair problem forever? It really can change your life.
Call them toll free. There's no obligation. 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413. Get your hair back from Chuck Alphear.
Check them out on the World Wide Web at CharlesalfaEary.com.
You want to see the new Roger's face?
There's a blue shirt with a red shirt on 5.60.
And a.m.
Come on up. Who was his ward? That is pedophile.
Thank you, I'm a baby. I said I was going to have to get the fat.
One day I will love one day and I will have to get the fat.
He's got a baby. He said this on the screen.
Well, he wanted to be a W.
But he knew that it was for no reason.
And he tried to be a Jew too.
And he called it a wife of Charlie.
And Charlie was going to sue.
And now I'm going to be supporting him.
I'm going to take out a little girl.
But he's got a baby.
I'm going to be pulled out with that.
What's up, you little baby?
You're the ward.
The little thing that's about to change.
Charlie!
Charlie!
Oh!
One 16 here's the most exciting news of the day.
Maybe the last couple of weeks. Maybe the last quite a while.
The Humper returns tomorrow.
Oh!
I'm not dead.
That was fraud.
Must be true because it's from Clarence Dero.
It says Hank will be back on the year tomorrow.
Four broadcasters.
For publication. Tell everybody in the world.
Good afternoon, Megafone.
Good afternoon, Sam.
I'm going to Lincoln Road Mall.
The Humper's coming back tomorrow.
Big fat, the pile of fun.
You're some type of weekend in the NFL.
Yeah, I thought so.
Aren't you excited?
Yeah, maybe you're not even so excited as I am.
I am.
I'm not getting to see.
What happened with those baseball cards?
That was great that you emailed me before.
Did you email them to Eric?
No, I wanted your approval.
I thought they were cute.
Indeed.
Why do I have to approve?
That's right. I have to approve it because otherwise you'll get our ass in a ringer again.
If I'm going to get my ass in a ringer, I would prefer that I'm the one who gets my ass in a ringer.
You were a ball, buddy.
Right.
Oh, sure.
Unless that's something that's like...
No, we're just going to put a link on there anyway.
There you go.
Bushballcards.com for those who want to know what we're talking about.
They're cute.
But in the meantime, I still think that those drag pictures of Bush and Cheney and Edwards and Kerry,
those are fabulous in spite of the fact that you already seen them before.
So you were like just blown away as well.
Those are great.
Take a few, Kat.
Now, how is it that we got all the way to this part of the show and not even mentioned this before?
My bad.
Isn't this the most important story of the century about Britney Spears?
Don't forget, Hat comes back at 4 tomorrow.
Oh!
And I'm pleased.
Please just punch.
For so is Hoover Humprey, look what happened to him.
Did she or didn't she?
In an issue or isn't she?
It says Britney Spears most definitely got married last week.
People magazine reports in the October 4 issue filled with pictures of pop star and her fiance Kevin Feederline or whatever it holds name is,
in wedding of Pearl and surrounded by family and friends.
What the couple didn't do according to the LA kind of registrar's office is,
no, not that.
Is file a marriage license after the ceremony?
I guarantee they did that.
Many times.
No big deal says a member of the singer's camp who declined to be quoted by name.
They're scheduled to file the next week she told the APS today.
Spears told people magazine essentially the same thing.
I know we're not completely, they don't tell me file the license which will do next week.
The 22 year old pop star said,
but in a real sense a spiritual sense were married.
Now has that had some weird Kabbalah or Kabbalah?
I'm sure.
A positive, possibly.
Feederline 26 said the LA was caused when the couple moved their wedding date up to September 18.
Is word leaked up?
They were planning to be married October 16.
It leaked up and he leaked up.
Moving the date up to Amanti said,
didn't give their lawyers time to finish their prenuptial agreement.
That's the Chigren of Woodpollies.
She wants to get that prenuptum.
It's done now though he said.
And so was she.
The couple said their lawyers have told them they have 90 days to file the license.
And it goes out about she did this and she did him and Kabbalah.
Feederline said his two year old daughter from a previous relationship
who was to be the wedding's flower girl missed the event that ceremony at a studio city home
because he feared if he canceled her previously planned trip to Disneyland
that the reason would be leaked out.
So she said, go to Disneyland.
Not Disney World, Disney Land.
Yeah well, we're the three hours ahead.
I mean behind.
Yeah I was pretty embarrassing.
I apologize for my stupidity on that.
But yeah, of course they show you how easily you can get kind into that.
That still didn't make any sense.
A lot of guys are doofus.
Or speaking of doofuses,
man I'm just reading way too much today, you know.
That's it.
Not?
No.
I told you did I tell you to be sure that you had a pile?
And I said good.
I had a big heavy pile.
I said, oh right.
It's going to be on the Howard Stern Show tomorrow in the Humbered contest.
I got a big heavy pile.
And Joyce need to happy about it and certainly don't want to see it.
Maybe I have to show it to Joyce first before I can talk about it.
Well, it will whip it out.
Hey Joyce, do you want to see my pile?
Anyway, this is from the Guardian again.
A lot of these Britney's papers have some pretty interesting crann.
Lawyer State Prime Minister could be impeached over Iraq.
Oh, we like that.
I'm thinking certainly that would be good in the USA.
I don't understand how the Bush-Mistors have as evaded.
I mean, Clinton and they would after tooth and tongs and nail over some sexual
peckerdillos.
And now you got this crap, it's going to war based out of pile of lies.
And it's like, oh yeah, well, you know, he's the fighting terrorism and doing a wonderful job.
And even the Housewives of America are buying an event.
We got to be safe from terror.
I mean, give me a break.
Talk about dumb.
Anyway.
The Guardian reports parliament has the power to impeach Tony Blair over his decision to invade Iraq.
Lawyer is acting for an all-party campaign, use the ancient rights say today.
Impeachment is appropriate where there is no other means of calling a person to account either legally or politically for some serious wrong coin to lawyers from Matrix Chambers, the firm of which the Prime Minister's wife Sherry Booth is a member.
Impeachment was last used against Lord Palmerston more than 150 years ago in the Brits, but it since fallen by the wayside on the assumption that the will of the nation is expressed through parliament.
And MPs hold ministries to account.
But Rabinders sing QC.
I have no idea what that QC is.
You know.
And Connor Geerti, say Mr. Blair has a case to answer based on an unilaterally serious breach of constitutional propriety.
The charge they laid against the Prime Minister is misleading parliament as to the basis for military action against the racks who was to obtain from that body.
And its individual members support the conflict which would not necessarily have been forthcoming.
And contraventionally fundamental constitutional principle of ministerial accountability parliament.
The lawyer said they were responding to a report thrown up for the campaign saying there were three grounds from peaching the Prime Minister.
The claims he made before the war about Iraq weapons is stated to tell MPs about new intelligence correcting these claims.
And then Mr. Blair ended in a way secret agreement with President George W. Bush to go to war without the consent of the cabinet parliament or the British people.
Oh and peaches asked baby. I love it.
And then passed it by the Queen.
And see if he can put a fork in it.
Oh speaking of that.
Governor Bush suspends Miami commissioner Artil Jr. to sue this.
Yeah.
Our fat ass governor.
A city commissioner accused of trying to run an unmarked police car off the road was suspended yesterday by fat ass governor Jed Bush.
Artil Jr. 58 was suspended indefinitely without pay in a proclamation issued by Bush's communication office.
Well the good news is Artil suspended but hence coming back.
Oh you like that. See it's a trade off you have to pay.
I guarantee you Hanks got a bigger ass than Artil Jr.
Let's get the developers.
Teal was arrested August 26 on charges aggravated as assault with a motor vehicle and threatening a public official both felonies.
Yadi yadi yadi he was elected to the commissioner in 97.
They kind of commissioner before them.
A commissioner was under investigation and surveillance for Iraq.
We know all about this.
Okay.
About the threat and about he's going to do this and my man Bush routinely suspends election officials were charged with felonies.
So Artil Jr. you're out.
Okay.
You're in suspected dissentance for the time being.
5670560.
We need a few calls in between now and two.
I got I'm actually got almost to the bottom of my pile.
All right.
I got only three more things on here as a matter of fact.
Although I could round what we'll see.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yeah.
It's called Neil speaking.
Hey Neil how are you?
QC.
Queens Court.
You have all people should know that right?
Oh yeah.
I actually know about them.
Queens man said most of them are.
No.
Because you're up in Toronto.
You know that.
Oh Queens Court.
Yeah.
We got a legal system.
We got a lot of Queens here.
You're right.
Okay.
Thanks, Fallon.
Queens Court.
That's what that QC is.
See this audience man?
Right.
People take this audience here just to buy some mouth reading idiots.
Man those are the callers most of it.
This guy he's like.
Who's that knowledge?
You know what it is.
We get some pretty good info like.
Wait a minute.
Was it a while?
Like the fact that it's over three hours ahead of time on a west coast.
Oh man.
How embarrassing.
But we had somebody first vacation enough to realize that I made an ass of myself.
They're in fact me right away.
I said oh yeah.
Ass for a day again.
I mean anybody can be queen for a day but nothing like being an ass for a day right?
WQAM.
Hello.
Not here.
They probably all come to tell me about QC.
QAM hello.
Did you say free tickets?
No I said three tickets and they're all gone.
See I got it articulately better.
He thought I said free tickets.
There's a free tickets.
There's 500 bucks in peace by the way.
Somebody QAM hello.
Hey Dale, how are you?
Pretty good.
Listen I listen here show you make me laugh.
You've done it for a lot of years and you know what I really like the fact that you
did for me a lot about politics over the last couple of months anyway.
It's kind of swayed my opinion on Bush and I really appreciate the information and I
enjoyed it as well as I know George said he did.
So thanks very much.
Thanks a lot Tally.
Hoats several times please.
All right.
Okay.
See there you go.
There's some people out there.
I mean I don't want to get too heavy with the news stuff and I realize I'd
like to them way overboard but the fact that the matter is it's five and a
half week to election day and the concept of other four years of these lie Nazi
thieves bastards these board again the fundamentalist lunatics running they put
they put the you in running the country they made it ruining not running.
And I just for that let me say it again I said this in 2000 I'll say it again
unless you happen to be a wealthy I mean super wealthy white
five million person male loaded with cash and or a fundamentalist lunatic
religion this whether it's Christian or Thadak's you one of those people a fundamentalist
lunatic I can't imagine why in the world you be voting for these bastards I just don't get it
and they don't really benefit the religious they just think they can.
And let me say it again this a racquetack has made us safer it hasn't made the world
safer from terrorism it's turned a racquet or a hotbed of terrorism there's
insanity going on there and even I'll always who is there before Congress today and holding
this big press conference with the Bushmeister admits that they're a terrorist
from all over the world now it's like it's like a meeting place meeting and greeting
for every lunatic terrorist organization there be heading Americans and Britain
and others innocent people almost every day now there's crack going on and in
the meantime do we have Osama do we have mola voe Omar Alzacar we have any of these people?
No so like Kerry has saying we've taken our eye off the ball baby we're busy
fighting and creating in a place where we shouldn't have been in the first
freaking place I give a little polka Brian said he's he sent the freaking bombers
they're all away
on 566 to the U.A. air
Back in the day when someone was wrong we didn't take their ground
in Merrill Harbor they're when the cats drop their bones
we found them back and now the Saudis they ill aside and on our cards are the new
flags waiting at that Saudi love and recharge for the bombers the wrong way
and the Americans to be in America where they follow those like she's
the United States of America said by word she has been screaming at the country
have the right to the black space and I still be I don't want to be a pack of America
in the USA
what's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past
if you want that SUV to drive you're gonna need more gas
it's the greatest country in the world they train us to movie
and anyone who says that obviously and before to be
and I'm embarrassed to be in America where we pay three objectly
wave a flag and one ask with our head in the sand and like they follow the towers that be
have the same
what's going on?
why do you stay for use on a 65 screen scratcher find everything's okay
in place USA
welcome back now 27.02 we got the mad dog at two and then four we got her
cane's game they hercans and Houston will be on the power 96
marlins are running out the screen I guess you can say right
let's be done you judge what's that I'm just talking out loud I'm picking out
I said the marlins are running out the string oh yeah they're done
because even though it's not mathematical they got four teams ahead of it
just unfortunately all over they give it a good shot they give it a run but then
it kind of like ran out again so let's get stinging down to any
shifter rights and I love it again the hopper comes back tomorrow
I'm ready to go out like squeeze myself right out there in the street corner
Danny shifter rights in news day CBS's most popular program CSI can now
investigate a crime scene close to home the reputation of Edwin Newsmaker
Dan Rather is lying on the floor blooded by a mistake he is now admitted
flanked on the political right by retool you so finger pointers
led by GOP operatives demanding his head a news outlet once hit
by the most trusted man in America is accused of being the least trustworthy
they're talking about Walter Conte for those of you punks with rather
apologizing for airing the story based in part on memos that CBS can
advertise for a five looks bad for network news in general and critics of president
George W. Bush in particular and that fits the emolved the people behind the
hit the story that sixty minutes ran charging the Bush had not completed
this Texas National Guard duties now been pronounced a mistake CBS news
added that a source had misled the network on the documents origins the network
promised an independent review of how the report was prepared to help determine what
accident need to be taken over at Fox News they were breaking out the
champagne when the admission of error came down from black rock Fox
of course has its own wink wink standards and never makes mistakes worth
acknowledging their playbook in this regard feeds and follows a well established
white house approach when confronted by unwelcome truths avoid them deny
them or turnish the critic Fox News branded this dust up a scandal
a rather be it using a familiar charge that changes the subject I think
the deflite attention away from persuasive charges that president Bush did not
told the truth about his military service allegations about a medium
misdemeanor were quickly blown up into a felony demanding rather's career termination
with prejudice the right wing attack machine works by personalizing issues
and demonizing enemies with overheated language and cartoon like
characterization osama the evil door been law the gateway to saw them the butcher
a bag that who's saying and now John the phony war hero carries been displaced
with a leather overrather it's a textbook example of how a taxigant
journalist are used to integrate news not to the right wing's liking by
finding items in the media food chain and cranking up an echo chamber of famed
indignation the republican national committee operates its own 24 seven
anti news network to monitor coverage in orchestrator rapid response so long
reports that the story can't see got on the documents was first pushed into
the news stream by creative response concepts a republican public relations
firm then selected bloggers went to work led by an Atlanta lawyer who helped
get president Clinton to spark and was the first to call the memo's fakes is
charges spread like a perry fire through the rabbit conservative rape find
at a man corner the goal focused the media on rather not bush CBS initially
stood by the document stand ahead saying that even if they were flawed the story
that bush had disobeyed his commanders orders to have a physical was accurate
essence that a fine ahead of conceit was a mistake or on the story it's
possible it's CBS was flim plan but TV's need for visuals did the men by
trying to gussie up to story with what producers call video enhancement
elements 60 minutes for on its own sword opening itself up to attack other
leading news outlets including the BBC ran the same story about bushes
troubles in the guard without being discredited then rather has been a punching
bag of the right ever since he was targeted for being rude to president Richard
Nixon 30 years ago conservative journalist accused who have fun day off
nudging footage from Afghanistan in the 1980s when he took over the anchor
chair of high salary six million dollar man some conservatives tried to buy
CBS with the promise they would fire Dan Radler the day the Tiffany Network
became theirs is critics picture them as the poster boy of their hated
liberal media the irony is that he doesn't fit the stereotype rather has a
super patriotic persona a day after 9-11 he went on the David Letterman show
to proclaim his willingness to do whatever is president ordered on September 22
2001 he said he would give the administration the benefit of every doubt when a
pre-war interview with son of mousayn and Baghdad raised eyebrows he tacked
hard right this word reporting for which he later won the conservative media
research centers top price for best network coverage don't write rather off he
said more media lives in the republican guard that wants to bury him he's just
this week's poster boy for the sins and screw-ups of an imagined liberal media
pretty good stuff huh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
Verizon wireless and singular wireless life I'm flipping around here
because my computer froze up so having to like unfreeze it now what oh I mean
it's coming back you don't think we're just going to sit here in the deep
freeze do you here's the poor result right now we got seven hundred what what do you mean
so now what what does that mean seven hundred and twenty six votes
that was the only I can do the show it off computer you can pretty good point
anything anyway who's most of the day for that often sorry season sorry team
but a bunch of crap they want status the one state era not going over to big
two hundred and sixty man they hate him like poison I don't give a
estimate hundred and forty eight eight nine hundred and twelve the offensive
line sixty one I hate the dolphins forty six mole Howard David is got thirty nine
which will get to that in a second Ricky Williams thirty four Rick the
Spill my through the GM nineteen coolest J. Thiebler for and poor AJ touchy
feelings only got three out of seven twenty six now speaking about how we
David it don't don't don't let's see we got the hurricanes game today right so there's no
afternoon the sports show at four we got that stuff the pre game before play and then
the Humper thank goodness returns tomorrow where is that leave my good friend
Moe I don't know in the dark absolutely in the cold
absolutely in suspended animation absolutely
you are a sense of new Roger
you are a 6560 you a
yeah absolutely no one
out of the cool hands the number one rating the Moe Howard David and his
own the least according to my aspirations
I don't even know you have children Mirabba hello
I want to take on J. Peter
Oh J. P. Lee is a great court and I can't good
you I like J. Peter
Well not to mention he's got extraordinary smooth
the foxes oh yeah
you're gonna be careful with your safety
Oh, thank you more
no no wait a minute don't go
I have nothing else to say
how about this I was going down there in Mirama
I'm going down the street from you
I have to go away by the way
no no I have to go
I tell you what I'll hold you open up right how's that man
I'll give you one of my old tentations
how's that
you are way true
that worked the only color we had
the things I know the growing again
the growing going going going going
the growing going going going
the growing going going
the growing going going going
wow you got things with the things
I know that I just made
and around those golden people
you walk by
I want to give you gold
gold and some guarantee
a rose map of your fill in me
you got your happy son
way too high high high
I know the clothes went from this stage
almost every day I think
am I paying so that they start the thing old
I had annoyed and we'd torture boys
yeah I'd hold quite a lot of time
and because of them, they don't pass
they don't torture boys
they don't thank me
with my old baby
and inside I'm going to watch the scene
and say it's true I'm just going to read
how you know that
please, in my old baby
I'm going to watch the scene
I'm going to watch the scene
I'm going to watch the scene
I'm going to watch the scene
wow yeah I said listen to his bits
almost every line
and you just shake your head and you marvel
the ramblings of a sick twisted line
that's why we're going to dedicate to him
right when he's still out of town I hope
no you know what I don't know if he's back in town yet
that's hope he's out of town we don't want him to get like a swell
hate that would be swell
well we wouldn't hold up on the old chicken neck
Larry in Miami says I just want to tell you I love the show
and of course what's not to like Larry
and I wanted to weigh in on the cat's even incident
every media watched this morning focused on the same issue
that someone on a much-touted traveler watch list
was able to board a plane
leaving corrective actions to be taken
while the flight was in mid air
while commentators were admittedly frightened
by what seemed like a fault in our system of protection
a more frightening failure was overlooked
what prompted the placement of cat Stevens on the watch list
in the first place a religious affiliation
a main change perhaps the one time a spousal
but unpopular opinion perhaps the wrong headgear
that might have been it
there's a doubt
Larry says what truly fighting is the fact that in this day
in a time may be held suspect for simply speaking my mind
absolutely correct
if I'm rocking in the police station
that's right that might just because you get my dirty look
because you might go to wrong way
you look like you got the wrong headgear on
right no question
you're right and of course they were talking about the Taliban
measuring men's veers and they had to be a certain length
and up to a certain standard
I've got what's the difference
and of course the Taliban would be a radio of the music
that they play and you couldn't do this and couldn't do it
and here in America we got the we got the movie police
we got the five blind mice there on the FCC
lunatics crazy people
and you got a question on a scrawff who's a beyond
he's so far beyond anything we've ever seen before
not to mention Tom Bridget
you see Bridget talking about cat Stevens
and how that serious looking evidence face like
oh yeah we've had his name on the label
whether it's a celebrity or just some ordinary Shlumper
off the street
I was really impressed with Tom Bridget
going like that that's a slumper
did you think it was pretty cute?
I didn't see it
he didn't say Shlumper
he would know a Shlumper from
that anyway Tom Bridget
if you asked me would that be the poll one day
who is the definitive boy
John Ashcroft or Tom Ridge
huh?
that's a good poll
think a lot of people
it's time to bet
why you're picking the
limp pot you're navel
140AEV while you're cotton picking
okay and man the thing with hand coming back tomorrow
that may offer a little ray of hope
you know that maybe we're coming back to sanity again
and that the sanity and rationality will prevail
what do you think?
I mean we don't want to overdo it
one step at a time
because our audience isn't used to that
we don't want to have too many things
I can't fear that you enjoy
or that you like so
we want to like do it slowly
you know just kind of like step back
and very slowly
from it it's still too
I know you like the man dog
oh right
what's not to like?
it'll be along it too
and then we got a lot of hurricane stuff
we got the Marlon stuff
we got sports up the old
a dial is what we got
right now Armstrong for the home
to once the clear their lots and sell off
all remaining 04s
and here just some of the great deals
waiting for it Armstrong
as I speak
and 04 F-150 pick up
you paint just a buck over in voice
new 04 Explorer
you pay only a dollar
over in voice
Rangers not to be confused
in the New York Rangers
who are waiting out
Rangers, Crown Vex,
Taurus and Focus
is all waiting for you
with just a buck over in voice
right now only
at Armstrong for the home stand
plus Armstrong for it
offers more value to what
a customer is to
when you buy your Ford
from Armstrong for it
you'll get their exclusive
tires and batteries for life
program you heard me write
tires and batteries for life
the value of get Armstrong
for it doesn't stop there
either because right now
you can get you a free
Florida Sunpass
with any vehicle you buy
if you're pressed for time
Armstrong for it
knows your time is valuable
so call this number
and shop by phone
305-247-512
2475-112
they'll even deliver you
a new vehicle
to you right where you hang
it out
Armstrong for it a home
instead they're locally owned
and operated they treat you
just like family
and you won't get a better deal
anywhere in town on a great
Ford no bait and switch
no phony deals
it's Armstrong for it a home
instead a 307-25
South Dixie highway
just 20 minutes south of the
1836 check them on
the web at Armstrong
cars dot com
you just drive a little
and save a ton
I'm at New Ford only
from our friends at
Armstrong Ford of
homestays
you want to sing to New
and Roger
and this is the
listen to our un-560-6D
at U-A-M
the money tune yes
hello this is Albert Kite
from Tony Van Records
and fighting you American
into the Alps to buy
latest cats evens collection
you know my home it is
right let's take your head
out here by
door
listening to
traffic
L
and
and
so
or
I'm here for a diet of 16.
What do they want with me?
The money for me, a purchase does not go through fun terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
You wouldn't have been a fly, where would you?
Find our skin and a rat if you want a detainee.
I got a variation on the classic one.
I ask myself every day with your marriage and should pay.
Tell me who would move on this land.
I'm coming to the neck of a woman.
She lived in a veil and explored her.
So buy no cash evens collection today from 1995.
Or you can pay with visa, mastercard or weapons of master drugs.
You won't be long before Joan Baez is going to be next.
I know as soon as he saw it at peace during crap, it was just a sub-refuge, camouflage.
Man, right?
Peter Paul Ann Mary.
Just like that, I thought he was a woman.
It was just kind of a cover-up.
I mentioned this in passing, but we don't want to gloss over the Terry's Law thing.
Do we?
gloss over?
No, don't.
I don't think that it... unfortunately, it's another one of the stories that never ends.
I thought because the way they presented on the certainly not news network was,
while the Florida Supreme Court ruled and therefore that's the end.
Well, of course, it's never the end.
If I were to husband, I'd run into him and pull that tube out right now.
She's going to outlive us all.
Yeah.
She'll be around long after Fadass governor Jeb Bush is pushing up Davidils.
The Florida Supreme Court ruled today that Terry's Law is un... well, let me say it again.
They ruled that it's unconstitutional.
And that Governor Jeb Bush, Fadass governor Jeb Bush,
had not been given the power to reinsert the feeding tube to Terry Shiveau.
In its unanimous ruling, the state's highest court said the law violated the separation of powers
between the judicial legislative and executive branch,
and that the Florida legislature improperly delegated power to the governor, the fhrer of Florida.
I mean, if it's good enough for his brother, why not good enough for him, right?
Right.
We recognize the tragic circumstances underlying this case make it difficult to put emotions aside
and focus solely on the legal issue presented by Chief Justice Barbara Periente, who authored the opinion.
We are not insensitive to these struggle,
at all members of Theresa's family of addures since he fell unconscious in 1990.
Don't you dare play that chool of thing where he says, I just wasn't conscious.
All right.
Well, you want me to find it like that.
However, we are a nation of laws we must go...
But I would be...
I'm not conscious.
Oh, man.
I can't believe you did that.
That would be as bad as playing...
Oh, my God!
It's a severed hand!
Anyway, however, we are a nation of laws and must govern our decisions by the rule of law and not by our own emotions.
Our hearts can fully comprehend the grief so fully demonstrated by Theresa's family members on this record,
the ruling went on, but our hearts are not the law,
but is in the Constitution always must prevail over emotion.
Our all of these judges required this principle is our poll star and it alone.
Our poll star.
What the hell is that?
Don't ask me.
P-O-L-E-S-T-A-R, our poll star.
In other words, like we're looking up in the sky and there's the shining pool.
There's the three wise men.
Oh, the one that doesn't move.
There's some of that frankincense.
Oh, it's John Kerry.
Don't he look a little like frankincense or Stein?
Anyway, it says it was not a meeting I see.
This is the thing that bothers me because once you think this is finally over,
let's go down to some important business.
Okay?
This is a private matter.
Get the government.
Get the freaking fat ass governor out of it.
And every time you think it's over, it's like they never stop.
It's always that little opening.
It was not immediately clear whether Bush would go to federal court to attempt to appeal the ruling by the state's Supreme Court,
or how similar would be when Terry Shabo's feeding tube would be removed.
The court did give it side in the dispute 10 days from today to ask where he rehearing in the case.
But because it was the unanimous vote, it would be kind of like a waste of time, right?
Right.
So probably fat ass governor Jeville be rushing out of the Supreme Court.
He's probably on the phone with current token Thomas right now.
Telling that, hey, guess what?
My brother's wife, you know, the first lady, she knows where to get some really good smith.
When you think?
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This premass bitch, huh?
Our first lady indeed.
Oh, pretty tough on the first lady, no, yeah.
Right.
Fony Boloni, man.
Fony Boloni.
Have you ever noticed a long list of between Lardas Limbaugh, who also put all the other drug use decider himself in the Huzgah?
And Jimmy Swagger and Jim Baker and Tammy Faye.
And now we got Paul and what's her name?
Jan Crutch.
Paul the Crutch problem, myster.
All the same.
All these right-wing goody two shoes, holier than now.
Whether it's what's his name, that fat ass, Henry Hyde from Illinois.
All of them.
Bobby Livingston.
Who am I forgetting about?
All of my true Fony's.
When somebody tells you that they're better than you are and that they're holier than now and that they're more white.
You know what that means?
It means they're a pervert.
And their closet is just overflowing.
They got skeletons in there that have even been born yet is what it really means.
So don't be giving us your song in the dance.
Okay, get out of our face.
Get out of our pussy, you little things.
Including those five on the FCC.
Not really.
They're censorship.
They're trying to knock me out before the end of the show.
If I were you, I would tell.
I would tell another mother to talk to you about.
Have another chat with him and tell him that this baby is on a way out.
Okay.
I mean, it is in the showing signs of which if they want me to take you out a few days while they think about saying a replacement piece of equipment, that would be just fine.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, we're fine.
Right.
Okay, man, the August standard by.
Here's the last tally now who is most of blame for the dolphins.
Sorry team.
790 votes.
They've won stead.
I don't think they like his mustache.
285.
They don't like his, the wants that era so far.
I don't give a shmit once.
I mean, the timing could be perfect.
My wife says die right at 2 o'clock.
8th Wayne Highs in Go 120.
The offensive line 66.
I hit the dolphins 49.
Moe Howard David in the 43.
Ricky Williams 38.
Rich Fieldmeister 23.
J. Fieldler's got five, although he's kind of late in off these days.
And that's where it goes.
And poor AJ Touchy Fieldman.
Talk about being thrown into lines then.
AJ Touchy Field in the last place only three.
They don't play me AJ, although you are obvious soon.
Anyway, we got the mad dog coming to next.
All the hurricane stuff coming up at 4 o'clock after that.
And the good news spread it around town.
The Humper.
The Humper will be here just 4 to 5.
Bye bye.
I want to show you a little progress.
And by the way, I got a look for something else to do.
