open line up your act go come on
horse man
uh
deep
You don't look, Julie.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Now Neil's gonna rid me for four hours.
I've been asked to keep this in strict confidence,
but in case you wonder why we're here,
Joe got suspended.
Joe got suspended.
Got the little fly.
Maybe we should take this call from our special guest,
Roberto L'Awango.
Hi, everybody.
So you know what I'm going to do?
The boy's in a business now.
Yes, the aren't you guys squeaky boys guys
that go on a spell all the time?
Oh, I got a lot of sleep confused with a character on another show.
That's not me.
I have children, you know.
Do it, do it, do it.
You have a funny name.
Yeah.
I'm the good tip call on what you want to do.
I am, yeah.
Do it, do it, do it.
We can't get into that right now.
Joe, don't know yet.
Joe, don't know yet.
Hey, Joe.
Hey, Joe.
I want to walk in that room with Joe,
you're in a great room.
Hey, Joe.
I wanna cross here if they like to do that.
Hey, Joe.
I want to ride on that.
10 out of 560 WQM.
That's it, that's it.
That's killing me.
This keeps getting better, don't you?
Every day.
See you something else.
Now you gonna like butcher up a little bit today or what?
We were discussing, we were talking about you, Zach.
Nothing bad.
OK.
We had a little conference about that, Miguel and Duff and I and Josh.
We're trying to figure out what your vocal situation is.
What do you mean?
Well, you look, a little horse.
Well, actually, in your case, Moronika gigantic cow.
But no, really, just, I don't know, you can't...
What's the word I'm looking for?
Project.
Oh, okay.
You know what I mean?
I'll get my projector out.
No, you understand what I'm saying.
In other words, I think maybe there's so much fat
both up around your larynx that your vocal ability is slightly restricted.
I'll try to screen.
In other words, can you shout, can you scream?
Are you capable of doing that?
I can try.
No, I don't want to just do that.
We got enough screamers running around already.
But I'm just concerned for you.
I think that maybe there's a gigantic buildup of fat
just the way your neck used to be.
I had a neck.
Who's bringing your food today?
We're still working on that.
Okay.
Don't tell let us down now.
Jeff, I said he was going to get us something today, but I don't know if he's going to get...
Yeah, who gives you something?
What's your take on the Tampa School Teacher, where it's sex with her?
She's a 14-year-old student.
That was our second pull-up question yesterday.
And it went over mighty big.
Let me tell you right now.
Not as big as Jose Marin, but the biggest, a fine picture.
Let's see, the Tampa School Teacher and a 14-year-old kid.
I'm jealous.
480-80 people said that about 30%.
Not 30, man.
She's a crazy bitch, but very hot.
314.
The cousins should be shot for squealing fear of the AIDS.
I'll do it at any AIDS, 290.
Desperate or Zotter.
If she's not bad, especially with all the makeup on, without the makeup.
Wow.
She looks like real definitive temple terrorist trailer trash.
Fry her ass, 124, and no big deal, 93.
Out of over 16, 900 votes on her second pull-up yesterday.
Not too shabby.
And definitely not too shabby when you take a peek at our behind-to-beet and curtain today.
If you're over the age of 65 and have several pieces of ID.
And John Ascroft's under-the-earth, his BDIs are going to be rolling around like a pinball machine today.
Just taking a little peek.
Josie Marin.
Now, the interesting part of it is this doesn't say when she was born.
That really bothers me when I have biographies that don't have somebody's age.
Why would they do that?
She didn't want her age to be out there, maybe.
So, as this chestnut hair that's squizz-a-bitty is best known for working a summer 98 and fall 98 guests advertising campaigns.
Josie Marin was born and raised just outside San Francisco in Menlo Park.
And graduated from an all-girls private school, although she now resides in Manhattan, California.
Oh, I see.
This is very poorly written.
Although she now resides in Manhattan, California will always be considered home.
Following the path of many other models, Mirrored did not initially aspire to be a model.
She was hangin' out with her friends at a barbecue in her hometown three years ago and a woman asked her to be in a fashion show.
This request was the beginning of her modeling career since the modeling agent of the show spotted Mariana Kurgs her to start modeling.
Any time somebody comes up to you says, oh boy, I sure like you to be in a fashion show or model for me.
I'd rumble like a son of a bitch and call a police.
Presently managed by the elite model management, Marin has gray-such magazine covers a fitness glamour and teen as well as shape 17s stuff in sport.
Apart from her work in the guest advertising campaigns, she had prunas for May-Beline, American evil outfitters, and people may also recognize her as the main female character in the Backstreet Boys video, Everybody Backstreet's Back.
Oh, yeah, remember that?
Oh, yeah.
No, no, you don't.
Right up.
Although she had already had an impressive modeling career at the tender age of 20, and so in other words, we don't need the birth thickness, she's 20.
So there you go.
Not only is she a looking life as an inventor, but also enjoys learning about different people, cultures in country and yada yada yada, all this other good stuff.
Let's take a peek, okay? The price is right.
Yes.
Here's today's poll question.
Which auto-ingender just lots and lots of conversation, don't you think?
Yes.
Well, it was suggested by Carl Rees, that he was obviously a real professional troublemaker.
And this is the way I worded it.
What do you think Greg Reed, W.C.M. General Manager, biggest bonehead move of the past seven years was.
Now, the reason I put seven years is because it's approaching the end of this year, approaching seven years that I've been on the station.
And of course, they blew out that midday show. They blew out the boosters and Chris moron.
And wasn't also Joseph Gacchi, and they had a whole bunch of different people in mid days.
Right?
Interchangeable pieces.
Yeah.
And a piece of crap, I think, is what you're trying to say, because it just never really accomplished much.
No numbers, kind of like fondering, but it anyway, so we'll use that as the demarcation point.
Here are the choices I have so far, and you can add on many, many more I'm sure, because when it comes to Greg, there's no end to the mistakes that he can make bonehead.
Hiring Scott Farell, firing Scott Farell, hiring the Oragers, hiring Mohawar David, breaking up the first team or keeping Galby on the year.
Those are some of the ones that immediately came to mind. Six.
Now, people in the building have come by and said, when Carolyn was on, was that the morning crew, did they call it?
Right. Yeah, that should be a nominee.
What does that mean? In other words, putting that on?
Yes.
Putting the morning crew on.
Okay, putting on the morning crew. He was putting on the audience, I think.
Putting on the morning crew.
With Ron Hershey Highway, don't forget about him and Carolyn.
The morning crew, okay?
Any others?
I mean, there's so many other ways. I could do them all, but I don't want to take anything away from the audience.
Yeah, we can start with that.
Putting on the morning crew. So we got seven on there for you right now.
We can start there. Let's see. I'm going to put on. I'm going to vote.
Maybe I better not say what I'm voting for.
I'm going to vote for keeping Galby on the year just to bust his little boy.
Yeah. Just for the hell of it, you know?
Why not?
In fact, we got some votes already breaking up the first team nine.
That was the beginning of the end, Greg.
And luckily, you just lucked out again and Hershey fell right out one more time.
He's still got a few 40 Clover's damned in there to reserve this in case.
I don't think his luck is ever going to run out.
Breaking up the first team nine, keeping Galby on the year six, smattering a vote here.
Hiring Mojaro David had five bad mistakes.
Firing Scott for well three, hiring your Rogers one and hiring Scott for well none.
Out of the first 24.
So that's where that sits right now.
And I'm sure they all look at that already just zillions of these.
WQA and hello.
Hey, what up?
Yes, sir.
Who don't land a well as a Gary on the air that's the biggest move.
Okay.
And that's about as bone has against the big putting the big O on the year.
You got it?
Got it.
I'll take another one.
Now let's rip everybody mess.
I mean, I put myself on here.
So what's wrong with that?
How about using Joe Zagaki as a fill in?
Joe Zagaki sucks, okay?
Huh?
Sure.
Using Joe Zagaki in there, how do we want to say it?
I'll leave the fine wording up to a Josh there since he's the one sitting at the,
he's mastering that computer thing we got.
Right.
So let's see.
So we'll add those couple on there in about 20, 30, 40 more.
About 30, man.
At least because there's so many, so many mistakes in so little time, Greg.
And he's walking around with that smile on his face like he has some idea what plan he's on.
Great job, great job, boys.
Great job.
Couldn't have done it without your Greg.
WQM, hello.
Not firing George Rodriguez.
Alright, we'll put them all on there.
I don't care.
Sure.
We're not protecting anybody.
Not firing George Rodriguez.
Which is, that must have been most boyfriend call him in.
Absolutely.
You're fired at this.
I wonder is there any, do you think there's anything bad?
Because I don't, a lot of these, I listen to before I play money here if I haven't done it already.
Come on.
To make sure that there are no words that are going to like, let me just see.
Just to, don't, I'm sure that there must be some bad ones.
What's the correct they played on the whole?
That's power.
Oh, nice thing.
What?
Goddard.
I just, I'm either telling me for we're going to have to dump something.
So just, uh, the kids, they're going to know what's good.
It's like that song, uh, I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
How can you, listen?
I'm happy I live in a split level head.
I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
No.
Boy am I surrounded by morons?
Come on, howie.
Don't shoot.
Go be howie.
There's nothing to put in a picture from you, pal.
No.
No.
You're so fast, asshole.
Okay, that's it.
You're all fired.
You're fast, asshole.
Okay, that's all we need to hear that.
I just remember what's in there beside that.
Which maybe you remember too.
But anyway, well, that was enough of that.
It was something about f***ing Chrysler.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 6.
That was back in the days when Moly and I weren't bonding like we are now.
Best friends, I heard him sucking up to you this morning for a time.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, man.
Just licking between the cheeks.
It was just unbelievable.
Goddard love that.
Oh man, you're evidently you did.
Oh, I loved every second of it.
One thing about Moly, man.
One day you're on, one day you're off, one day you're on the inside.
Next day you're on the outside.
He said, what was that crappy was talking about the near Roger's School of Broadcasting?
What was that?
I just cut a piece of that.
I don't know, I didn't catch that.
Right at the end of the show.
The School of Broadcasting.
Maybe that's because we got you on here this week.
That's probably what he was talking about.
WDQA, and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
One thing before I get to the poll, I took a couple of Republican friends of mine to see Fahrenheit.
Yeah.
And we changed through, we actually changed somebody.
They don't like Kerry, so they're just going to sit out this election.
Yeah.
So that's two votes left for Bush.
And you want the most incompetent thing that Greg Riega has done.
How about Call me homie?
Yeah, it'll be the worst.
Oh yeah.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, I don't think anybody else in the world would put our good friend over it.
Wasn't he a briefly on, where was he on somewhere?
940.
Was he really?
He was on with the morning, guys.
Oh my gosh.
That's where he's using mom problems.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a crowbar that's right here, homeboy.
I like that one.
I think we rent, we rent.
We rent.
Many remeres.
How about you, the enemy, the trove, the meat, the blooper?
There's a broadcast before.
Maybe if there was anybody, you give it an idea what's going on in this business.
There it is.
I'm going to die and die.
This is 420 on 560.
It's 2AM.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
There's a fat left wing guy who won't push you say goodbye, Michael Morey.
All right.
He wears extra large pants and I love him in France.
What?
Good morning.
His new flick, he just full of six.
He'll be sick because it picks on George W.
Might become number number one and then when it's done won't be fun, but he'll be screwed.
Here.
His documentary post-tiles from John Kerry, Michael Morey.
Every Wednesday I'll stir his speech will last an hour, you can bet.
And now all the fox news would like him to be moving to Norway.
But as clear as they, you'll be a pain in very Michael Morey.
Welcome.
That's just 8 at 560.
W.M. Happy Thursday, July 1st.
Happy Birthday to Duff, who's 25 today.
Now, good timing on playing that because I was Zach, is nice to just tell us how you enjoyed the movie last night.
It was one of the best movies I've ever seen in my life.
You actually did see it.
I was at the 4 o'clock showing.
I was the only one that wasn't sold out.
Right.
And I absolutely sat there with my brother.
He's 19 and we both were freaked out by the movie almost.
Yeah.
By the thing, you know, all the details that we're doing on.
Was there a big crowd?
Yeah, it was packed at 4 o'clock.
And this was at the sawgrass.
That sawgrass, we saw like the 410.
There's actually 2 now.
They're showing 2 in 2 theaters now.
Really?
Yeah, they obviously, they've been sold out every one so.
But my way to go.
My first part of this weekend, this weekend it's going to start opening a lot of other theaters.
It's going to be, I don't know what the actual number is, but it's going to be maybe double what it was already in before.
That's incredible.
So it's gaining momentum.
It's gaining the old big mold.
Absolutely.
Like crazy.
And the audience at the end of the movie was the reaction.
Clapping like it was the end of like the Super Bowl.
There you go.
Even without the nipple.
Exactly.
Well, that's good.
So you finally got to see it.
So all three of us have seen it.
That's three for three.
What's your excuse, folks?
Oh, we don't want to see that propaganda.
We don't like it.
We don't want to follow lies.
That's what we heard.
It seems so ambitious at the time.
John Kerry's campaign announced a $20 million, $20 city fundraising tour in early March to prove he could unite Democrats.
After a competitive primary season, he showed up skeptics who thought the Massachusetts Democrat class built in his magic test with donors, but in short order, he proved his doubters wrong.
The campaign shattered record after record during the spring, raising 26 million online in March alone, throwing in some 900,000 small donations of borders, who gave $100 or so a piece of spring, and holding cocktail receptions and concerts from New York and New Orleans to LA, where Kerry has whipped up the crowds,
by announcing they had set record for fundraising events.
Today, the Kerry campaign is going to announce that it's raised at least $175 million for the run-up to the general election in this presidential cycle, breaking the record at George W. Bush Headset in $2,030 million.
How do you like that?
Wow.
$175 million.
So I still look like a dead man, and he still doesn't inspire when he speaks, but nevertheless, he's got some cash.
It's not so important that he succeeds, but that Bush fails, I guess, is the way we have to look at this.
That's not so important that somebody likes a fire under Kerry, but that Bush falls on his ass, which looks like it's happening so far.
To end QM at Amarlin's tonight, at the Adabin Busters located off shared in 95 stuff, I've reprised from Billy de Marlin and the Mermaid, the same low budget prizes that QM always gives away, the same crap.
It's Amarlin's watch party starting at 7 o'clock tonight, at the Adabin Busters in Hollywood.
See, the reason I say that is because that one, like downplayed the fact that we got free crap, but we don't want a whole bunch of people going over there.
Oh, gee, we thought we had a chance to win something good.
No.
No.
But we'd like to get you over there anyway.
And look for the QM fan today starting at 11 o'clock this morning at the Shell Station, but don't use any of that gas, though.
At the Shell Station located just west of I-95 on Sheridan Street, stop by to pick up a pair tickets to see the Marlins and the Devil Rays tomorrow night.
Now, are they, we shouldn't be saying that, should we? Can we just say the Rays?
You can.
I mean, well, boys, the, I does say Devil Rays on uniforms, right?
Yes.
Yes. I've seen about two pitches of that.
They had the big thing a bit of a tamper because they were all the lunatics, the right wingers, which is most of that town, up in arms when they first got the baseball table.
Oh, no, we don't want them to be the Devil Rays. So, didn't they officially become the Rays for a while?
I don't think so.
No? No, I think there's still always been double rays.
Hmm, well, maybe they'll just talk about that.
Oh, we don't want to call them the Devil Rays because the Devil, we don't want to be working to do the work of the Devil.
I forbid.
Not in Tampa, certainly not in Loots in Temple Terrace and Carol would have told you that right now, mister.
What a bunch of Yahoo's.
Yes.
Anybody out there ever lived in Tampa? I feel like, congratulations if you got out and if you're listening in Tampa, please get out before it's too late.
I used to live there in Weir, Brandon.
Oh, and Brandon, were the arenas used to be, right? Or that Bartow?
Yeah, that's Bartow.
Brandon's where the big mall is.
Yeah, I know where Brandon is.
You like Yahoo's?
Yeah.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, what a place of clear water?
Correct, the whole west coast is there any place on the west coast of this state where it's just not Yahoo's city.
I mean, Panama city is beautiful, but there ain't nothing but Bible Thumpers and Yahoo's there.
I think two egg isn't too bad.
Give a drive through two egg that's stoplight.
Really? You probably didn't just don't know it.
Probably.
But the west coast of this state is just a real nightmare.
Infinity suits clear channel over stirring cancellations.
Oh, right.
Is good news. Why is it good news?
Because anything bad that happens to clear channel makes us very, very happy.
Clear channel has been sued by infinity broadcasting and one 12 incorporated the company that places Stirring Show on Affiliate stations for violating the terms of the agreements that clear channel had to air the Howard Stirring Show on the West Coast.
So those six U.S. markets.
Infinity and one 12 seek more than 10 million dollars in damages and each accused clear channel if they had notified them that Stirring Show was being dropped a requirement of the contract.
Well, they must know Greg. In other words, when they have a contract they just don't pay attention to it.
When I shake your hand, it means nothing.
Infinity and one 12 also charge in their breach of contract claim that they are owed license fees by clear channel.
In a statement, clear channel chief legal officer Andy Levin said, Howard Stirring is the only one who has broken the law.
His contract explicitly requires the show comply with all the FCC rules and regulations.
On several occasions it clearly did not.
Clear channel radio had both illegal right and obligation to stop broadcasting it because we're a bunch of really two shoes and a bunch of...
...calls.
Stirring Show was pulled from what we know.
Miami Orlando, Pittsburgh, Washington, St. Eau.
And what I'm hearing from the people in town is that the TV stations in Dayton, Brow, yesterday, 4, 6, 7, 10, 23, 51, 175,
that they were all hyperventilating that Stirring is coming back on the air. Well, guess what?
Now as we told yesterday, he's coming back on air again but in Palm Beach on the buzz.
Even a little Tommy Jicker writes, we all have to ask columnists more and tell people and he does mention there that the signal is not good and Broward and you can't her invade.
He mentions that so why not point that out?
That there's a real strange thing going on here. He's back on in the markets he was off before. Pittsburgh, right?
San Diego, Rochester, right?
Yep.
Not in Louisville though, but he's working on that.
But nothing as a miss here, how come he comes back on in Palm Beach?
He wasn't even on in Palm Beach before. He's going back in Orlando on a stay here you can hear.
He's going in Tampa where he never was before. Look out.
But he's coming on in W. What is it called? I don't even know the call letters.
P.B.Z. I'm so glad I asked. 103.1 to buzz starting July 19.
Big, big tattoos and how come they're not asking the obvious question, right?
What do you think?
How come he's not going to be on the coast?
How come he's not going to be on a kiss?
How are 96? I mean, there are some FM stations they clear channel does know.
I know that's a great shock to you. I may have just given you all of them.
I don't know. How come he's not going to be on a life?
Well, he didn't jack a little life out of that thing.
As a matter of fact, they're number one. That's pretty sad comment there, isn't it?
Oh, go ahead.
I was just sure that there are a lot of people over the age of 100 and a lot of L.I.
A lot of elevator music in the offices all over the town.
Doctors, Proctologists, everywhere you go.
It's life. The music of your life.
So anyway, July 19th, Stern goes out on WPBC and West Palm Beach and we had some
aspiring sports yesterday and you get different stories.
Everybody's got stories, you know.
Muff told me this morning that he can't hear it. Who is telling me?
Oh, no, Fatboy.
He can't hear it. Where?
Somewhere. I don't know.
Where would a hell he live?
I don't know.
I guess. Can't hear it. Nothing but a bunch of static.
And you? Have you tried to hear it?
I couldn't hear it in plantation yesterday.
Really?
Yeah. Maybe it was less bad.
And of course, Josh says he lives in Coral Springs, which is pretty far up there and he can't hear it.
Is that what you said or am I putting more duma?
No, it's very static-y. I pick it up terribly.
Well, if it's very static-y, then I'd make you feel right at home. You work on QAN.
Very true.
What's wrong with a little static? Like I always tell you.
There you go. Make you feel right at home.
Sounds a lot better.
Well, like I told you before, and I hate to break the news to you. I've been seeing this for a couple of years now.
This is a dinosaur.
Remember the Sinclair gas stations?
You ever see those with a dinosaur used to be the logo? I'm sure they're not in business anymore.
But anyway, they had a big dinosaur.
And that's what radio is. You don't have like a logo on your radio right now.
Vivo, dinosaur.
Because we're done. We're all finished. In fact, the fact that Stern is coming on. He's belly-acadabra.
Oh, do they fired me? Clear channel fired me. I was so pissed off.
Well, the fact of the matter is that above the last one you got fired, nobody's talking about him.
Nobody's talking about these poor bastards. They're getting fired on these nine stations that Stern's going back on or going on a first time.
And nobody else is talking about other people whose shows are being watered down and have to be careful because they can't say,
or they can't do crap. Right.
This is the thing that just like I said yesterday, and I know we've got a lot of Howard Stern fans listening to this show, and that's fine.
Okay, more power to you. But the fact that the matter is like I told you all along when they started with this crack factor for the Ruby gate there in the Super Bowl,
this isn't about Howard Stern. And this isn't about him knocking Bush.
And finally, he's paid millions of dollars and fines when Clinton was president, when Bush is president, because of Stern's show.
It's got nothing to do with that. That's just he just wants to make a martyr of himself.
But he's have a little bit of rough monies, a little bit of compassion for the other people in the business, which he doesn't have.
Because as far as he's concerned, there are no other people in the business. He doesn't care about anyone.
No, of course not. It's the world of the according to Howard, like I said the other day.
Now some other news, which I don't see in print anywhere, but everybody seems to know, is the thing that blind might call in yesterday.
Thanks a lot to blind Mike.
28 years, he finally called in with something useful. Nice going, Mike. Mike Wants.
Phil Henry's going off IOD. How do you like that?
You heard that yesterday, right? I mean, something.
It goes to show is I turned to the right that he took well, didn't help.
I was like, man, we saw their numbers just drop in big time.
Bad over there. Nice going, David Ross. Nice going, teeny bulls, you're man.
I'd like to see the line of how people in this business would like to just cut, see his head on a plate.
Since that seems to be the end thing these days, I'd like to see people who's head on a plate.
I don't have to understand.
Can you imagine how many people in this business would pay to see that?
In fact, can you imagine how many people would like to hold that machete?
Maybe we can get OJ over there. Supervised the ceremony.
Do something useful, OJ, okay? And by the way, your daughter hates you.
28 past 10. We got a very light log today. It's kind of like just a light and fluffy day.
You know what I mean today and tomorrow?
I love it.
Yeah, I do too. No pressure. The trend is out. The spring book is over with already.
We're just kind of floating along here, you know? That's what freaky Carlos is.
So we're just going to float in.
In fact, it's Fourth of July weekend. Time for the mattress and furniture stories to run those foamy sales they do every year at this time.
When they double the price and they say, guess what we're giving you half off? Big deal.
Don't waste time this weekend dragging around shopping for a mattress,
slumping into some believable heat.
Save money in time this weekend by calling Tyler mattress at 1-800 mattress right now,
for prices lower than the mall stores even during these so-called big sales.
Only Tyler mattress delivers 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day, including the Fourth and Fifth of July.
That's correct. You heard me right. You can get delivery this entire holiday weekend.
Tyler mattress is ranked number one in the world of the customer satisfaction.
They won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch of Excellence Awards too.
When you call one-a-detered mattress, you'll get the best prices on the best brands go and delivery on your schedule.
You still get to pick that tour window when it's convenient for you and the best customer service going anywhere.
Tyler mattress has got all the names you love.
Seely, surreduc, king coral, Simmons, tempered, sterrens, and bananas foster too.
All of us at QA, I'm including yours truly living, getting our new beds at the Tyler mattress and you ought to be doing the same.
1-800 mattress, that's the number to call or check them on your web at mattress.com.
1-800-MATTRES, the easiest, the smartest way to guarantee you a great night's sleep for years to come.
TRIANLOKO, here's 420-0-560-UAM.
And nail Roger having trouble falling asleep?
It's conventional sleep machines with settings like Jettelrain and Badling Book. Don't help.
Get the John Kerry sleep machine.
It rolls you to sleep with the mind-numbing sounds of a John Kerry political speech.
I used to toss and turn for hours, but now I just turn on my John Kerry sleep machine.
My international strategy is centered on an architect.
And before I know it, if I knew your best, please.
The John Kerry sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood from text reform.
My new payroll tax credit with your first-genie suit to eat me!
We're having a party today!
To the economy.
Before we can lay the foundations of economic security, we're going to sleep the foundations of economic security.
Get the John Kerry sleep machine today.
And with any luck, you will sleep right through the election.
I'm John Kerry.
And I approve the John Kerry sleep machine.
Available wherever it comes.
I'm the sleep machine approved by John Kerry.
It's a view of a company.
Come down, John.
So here's a fact to correct a blind mic. I know he couldn't be all right.
Phil and we will still be on WIWD, but they're moving to 10 o'clock at night.
Okay?
Some of the words are taping it in their own.
Whatever they're doing with it.
Yeah, five to nine in the morning will be Captain Brian.
Whoever that is.
Captain Brian.
Oh yeah!
Who's that?
You tell me.
Captain Kangaroo's cousin.
I haven't got it.
Never heard of Captain Brian.
So in other words, they're shuffling the deck again all around.
That's what PV Bolder is most famous for.
Did I say that yesterday?
Shuffle it all around.
Shuffle the same old crap around.
Bringing some more of a piked-in crap.
Captain Brian, my ass.
So I guess John handed these seven to ten and then at 10 o'clock it's Phil Henry.
Is what it's going to be?
Are you sure?
That's what they're telling us.
We don't mind promoting all of these.
For example, here's one.
It's obviously a setup just like the call we had yesterday about Bill O'Reilly.
Oh, I got a screaming Bill O'Reilly article today, but a little later.
I remember that call we had that was obviously a setup.
Probably PD Lenny's boyfriend.
Oh, I didn't know Bill O'Reilly was on here.
Where is he on the air?
What?
850, okay.
WF-T-L-A-50.
It's a Palm Beach station with a really big signal that nobody listens to.
That's the one.
Because Bill and Limey beat says, and you're the show.
What happened to Jeff DeForest?
Where is he now?
850, WF-T-L-A-F-T-L.
See, they're all looking to me to pump them up, okay?
I'm the Arnold DeVri, I'm pumping everybody up.
That's not going to help though.
It's such a great promoter you are.
Yeah, listen.
If you're like I said the other day, if you're paranoid, if you're nervous about everybody else, if you are scared,
then you just don't mention any of the other callators.
Oh, we're not going to talk about Neo-Rogers.
We're not going to talk about anybody because, you know, somebody might discover them if we mention them.
You know, that kind of stupid crap.
Because there's some of these stupid people in this business.
And we work for one.
And that's why we asked today, what do you think, Gregory, WM2M's general manager's biggest bull in head move at the past seven years was?
Look at that, almost 200 votes and less than half an hour.
Let me start the poll about 10 after.
They're votes?
Yep.
Less than half an hour, we got nearly 200.
So yesterday's first poll, they heated like poison.
I didn't remember what that was.
What was it?
Yeah, sports figure was the biggest horror.
Oh, I thought that was good.
Yeah, so did I.
In fact, who did I see?
I saw a shack on here, and I saw a pit on some crap.
I'll sweat it up in the jarganty head that took up the whole screen.
Back medicine.
Like for your ever back.
Yeah, that was it.
That was it.
Oh, brother.
What a horror.
And the thing that really frosted my ass is, don't these guys make enough money in their professions?
Making millions and millions and millions and millions playing some stupid game.
Don't they make it up there?
No.
God.
Anyway, Greg's biggest mistake.
Hiring more Howard David at 53.
Oh, come on.
Ticking on my good buddy, Mo.
What do you think about that, Zach?
I can't believe you're here.
Speak up, speak up.
We can't hear you, Zach.
I can't believe that they would say that about Howard.
Yeah, about Howard.
Was he really called him Geldie?
Geldie last week when Geldie was doing, when Joe was suspended.
I mean, when he was.
He was called him Geldie.
Yeah, he did at the end.
And he inspired that.
That's the fact that he hates him like boys now.
The two of them are like the peanut butter and jelly routine again.
Oh, yeah.
That's a bunch of phony crap.
Firing Scott for Ralph 46.
Now, you see, this is what I knew that would get a lot of votes.
And this is what really cracks me up.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two five.
Is the people who might have bought, see, they miss him badly.
And it was a lot of fun and all that stuff.
They don't get it.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, I do.
They just don't get it.
Yeah.
But we'll just move right along.
Firing Scott for Ralph 46.
Breaking up the first team 46, which of course is what started the whole.
In fact, you can't talk about most of the other ones on here or many of the other ones without tying it in that.
That started it all off.
Because that was when he dropped the gigantic egg on the ground like Humpty Dumpty.
And now he's been trying to put the pieces together for two and a half years.
And he can't do it.
And this is going to share what a jerk we work for.
Joe Rose comes to the guy two and a half years ago.
It says I'm going to do full time at NBC 6.
I, you know, I'm leaving.
Thanks for everything.
He gives a notice, whatever the hell it was a few weeks and a couple of months.
Well, I'm going to be leaving the end of the year.
But you can't leave.
You're fired.
You're all fired.
Or the first team you're all fired.
But you can stay around until I figure out what I'm going to put on there.
You're fired, but you're not fired.
And I've been in this business a hundred years.
I never heard anything like that.
That's pretty crazy.
You're all fired because I'm a vet.
And of course, he was putting all planning on stuff in very jackass.
He wasn't happy with the first team's numbers and all the other garbage.
Of course, they had those 19-minute breaks, which isn't kind of hard to listen to.
But nevertheless.
And that's what started it.
Is that he blew everybody out that he let him in?
And of course, there was the depot show.
A lot of people have forgotten that episode because it lasted very briefly.
The morning show was yet to forest.
Is that what we called it?
I think that was the name of it.
The Jeff DeForest morning.
And then of course, the depot made a little problem with the Indian.
And he disappeared.
And as a result, that of course, it became the morning, the mess, the morning wrecking crew.
That's when I started working.
Well, thanks for the job.
Well, it's another one with Ron Hersey Highway.
Yes, and Carolyn.
And Vandy.
Who?
Mark Vandemere was on.
Oh, Mark Vandemere.
Oh, brother.
I forgot I'm dealing with a sports nerd guy.
Mark Vandemere.
My hands are good, guy.
Yeah, he was a great guy.
He never stole a freight train.
All of his wife used to hit me like poison.
What?
Oh, you know, why she used to say I pick on Joseph Gackie too much.
She used to cry and call the station, I think.
She used to make, oh, how come he picked on Joseph Gackie?
And I don't know what that was all about.
And what did Mark Vandemere have to do with Joseph Gackie anyway when he came right down to it?
He used to call all the Keynes games.
Vandemere?
Yes.
Right.
So what does that have to do with Joseph Gackie?
He worked with him?
Yeah.
Boy, that is scary.
He crushed it.
He crushed it all over.
Of course, our favorite is.
Oh, my!
Oh, my!
Oh, my!
Good guy, though.
Let me say it again.
All business, not personal.
I'd like to allow it.
It's a good guy.
And he's a man's too.
And the rare occasion when I am there and he's in there, like filling for Hank or something,
always comes over, shakes my hand.
We are compabulate for like 20 seconds or whatever.
Yeah.
It doesn't take it personal.
Unlike some people, I know.
It doesn't take it personal.
This is business.
And you're taking it very, very personal.
Go, go, go, go.
My life and look all.
Sixties, four, twenty or five, sixteen.
My life and life and life.
We a little while.
A little slow learner.
But Neil, I apologize.
It's a radio.
You are the truth.
Absolutely.
There's a bio that I've written.
Call my life.
That white house stays.
Soon Hillary will be bitter.
Ten million.
That's what they paid.
There's a chapter on my impeachment.
And the heavy turns.
I'm pointing the hole.
I got busted for my cheating.
No way.
In my life, I wrote it all.
And besides my stanky lovers,
there's some crap in there.
Now my fall is seized.
But those pages won't get noticed.
So just think of them as a waste of trees.
Still, I hope you go and buy yourself a copy.
So I can sell more than Hillary.
Then you can read about a girl who's fat and savaged.
Call my life.
Ain't rated cheap.
Call my life.
Ain't rated cheap.
Oh, baby.
10.45 at 5.60 W.A.M.
So anyway, here's an interrupted myself.
I haven't had the habit of doing that.
Kill some good time though.
274 votes already.
This is going over big.
Big time.
They love this kind of crap.
Gregory's biggest mistake in the last seven years.
Hiring Mohawer, David, 70.
Don't go away.
Waking up the first team.
60.
Firing Scott for well 54.
Keeping Gildey on the air.
28.
Not firing little George Rodriguez 19.
Hiring Scott for well 12.
Using Josie as a fill in nine.
To fill in.
Putting the big.
On the air.
Be putting on the crows seven.
Hiring the Arigir six.
And putting on the morning crew one.
How about you, Lee?
How about you?
Anybody remembers that?
You know, it's other than Zach.
The morning crew.
How long was that on?
Actually, it was on a few months.
And believe it or not, the thumbers were very good.
That book.
Maybe it was just a coincidence.
The numbers were pretty dang good.
And that's the one book they were on.
I have no idea why.
Because it was like a freak show, like an accident.
Every day there was a new host.
It was really something.
But we couldn't have done without the Ron Hershey highway.
I'll tell you that.
He was really a hootin' hot.
This, Dave Slater, man.
I used to like Dave a lot.
But if you think you're going to hoard the show,
whoever sent me this thing from New Times magazine,
a few people don't stop.
If you get any more faxes from Dave Slater's people,
don't send him to me, please.
No problem.
I mean, he's running again for the county mayor.
You know, good guy.
Good guy.
Good intentions.
But you know what they say about the best of intentions
going to hell on a hand basket?
Man, oh man.
When he ran for mayor in 2000, he received 4,95 votes.
He's asked him what's different about this year.
He remains unflipable.
We've got so many people running out there.
It's not going to take much to get into a runoff.
Yaudi, yaudi, yaudi.
Oh, okay.
It's a wide open race.
Good luck to you, Dave.
Okay.
I hope you save all of us from whatever it is
from the rest of Dave County.
Okay.
Let's get some more choices for the poll on here, okay?
Because they're just sucking it up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Could be some good news for you.
First of all, there are people going door to door
to register people to vote.
Oh, right.
Yes.
Okay.
Second is I saw a thermite 9-11 on Saturday night
and I'm sure a mall.
Right.
I called up two hours before.
Hi.
I used my credit card.
Okay.
Sorry.
We're served to take it.
We're at the service desk.
Pick them up.
We're going hourly.
Pick those seats.
You pick your seats.
Yeah.
Pick those seats.
We're going hourly.
Yeah.
So first seats.
They open the second theater for it at that time.
Starting.
So I would advise everybody to go that way with it.
Okay.
Thanks, Pauline.
Okay.
I'm very proud.
I'm very proud.
He picked his seat and he was even unabashed about it.
You know, I want to make sure I heard right.
Don't be doing that in public no more, please.
But anyway, it is filled on the theaters everywhere.
And it's opening in a whole bunch more theaters, like I said.
And the right wingers want to pretend,
oh, it's all propaganda and it's all about your lies.
And we don't want it's all right, therefore.
It's all well documented.
All right.
I can't imagine anybody going to that movie
and not leaving there like a little breakfast.
Like, oh, it pissed off.
I fired up.
Fulming at the mouth.
Exactly how I felt yesterday.
And I find it a lot better.
Some of the people that are not going to the most,
the number one, aren't seeing it.
Number two, they haven't got to know their answer from your elbow.
That's the sad part.
Some of the people on this station have a stick to sports.
I don't want to mention no names, you know what I mean?
5.670560, 0560 on the 18th.
And did you see it?
Did he talk about it?
He hasn't talked about it yet.
I don't think he saw it yet.
Well, why not?
Not sure.
I told him about this morning.
He was waiting probably for the early bridge showing in Boka.
The matinee.
Let's see.
How about, oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
This is really the winner.
Although it won't get as many votes as it should.
This is the winner of this madness called Greg Reed.
And it says, how about approving WQM's association with OG
at the golf tournament?
Not just approving it, but doing it.
He was the mover and shaker and let it go.
He's pointing at everybody else.
I didn't know not.
I didn't know not about that.
But that same usual dumb sound he makes.
Sam had to take the fall for that, which was fine because if anybody
deserved it, he did.
But the screw in, they were all ended up to their armpits.
After I agreed to do that stupid golf tournament to race funds for a center one or whatever,
which I was a center one.
I didn't want any part of it.
I don't do, I have no interest in golf tournaments.
I don't like golf.
I don't want nothing to do with it.
But they can always be, oh it's going to raise so much money,
which of course they don't have to be a lie anyway.
Because they give a little slice, a little piece, you know.
And then it was brought to my attention.
But you know, there's a chance we could get OG to come to it.
I just put all four of my feet down.
I said no chance, man.
If OG is involved in any way, shape or form of this thing,
if you go over that, I won't have nothing to do with it.
You understand?
It is, oh yeah, okay, okay, master.
What did you say, master?
And I guess what, low and behold, on the day of the golf tournament,
we find out who's there, who has been flown in by this radio station
who paid for his expenses, traded out the airfare, whatever they did,
the slicer.
Oh, man.
The mad slicer.
So I don't know how you want to word that.
I've just put OG at the golf tournament.
Put that on there, okay, please.
And I'm going to say it again, I should assume it for about 50 million right there.
I could be sitting on the aisle, a capri right now, eating some,
a meal parmage on, having a wonderful life.
Man, oh man, that was so unconscionable and so typical,
so typical of the kind of sports nerds that we see people think that
what I'm not going to sports nerds, they don't get it.
They don't understand they've met.
Most of you have never in your life encountered the kind of lunacy that existed WQI.
You've never, you've never, you've not only didn't you meet it these people,
you never knew there were such people.
I never did that existed before I came to the station.
Sports?
Yeah.
I mean, I was in a bit of a hundred years before I came here.
I thought I knew something about radio.
We had, we had mad dog at IOD.
We had a couple hours of sports talk every night, six days.
That seemed to be enough.
But no, this is taken into another level, another dimension.
People who live, eat and breathe, that's all they know.
Even when they fart, it smells like something sport.
God.
Anyway, don't give me a word up about that.
It's the mentality.
They got OJ.
I wonder if they still have those pictures, those posters of OJ and the work this is there.
Like the water and I see.
You think you're still around?
It's possible.
I don't want to check that out.
We had a someone of our spies out to see if they can find some of them.
And they're all OJ posters around the building.
Anyway, here's a fact from Ned, who says,
if you've seen the latest issue of vanity fair, the one with David Beckham on a cover,
do I have not?
It says, on a Bridget Fardois complaining about central pay, she says,
it's been taken over by what?
What is that word?
I couldn't read it even.
By Yabs?
It's like Miami.
What is Yab?
Oh, it says, and a Fexer says, I have no idea what a Yab is, but doesn't sound like...
I don't know.
Okay, if anybody knows what it is, some people like to have a good Yab,
but I don't know what that is.
So we'll find out.
Let's say, probably listed in the rush of news last week,
but there was an actually report that someone in Pakistan opposed
a newspaper and offer of a reward to anyone who killed an American, any American.
Oh, God, what is this?
Kaka.
Wow, wow, wow.
Is it a full moon or what?
Good stuff is pouring in now.
Here's another one that says,
this surprise me.
I saw Furnite 9-11 at the Regal Cypress Creek Station for Lauderdale.
This surprise me because the Regal didn't play the movie last week.
The Sun Central is even listed at the time that it's playing, although they did list Spider-Man,
and the movie that only came out yesterday and Furnite came out from last Friday.
So all I've been seeing here will need either look up Regal's website or call him for showtime.
Maybe they want to keep it a secret.
Regal Cypress Creek Station, 954-7710-0033,
there were 6415 or Thunder's-704 Lauderdale.
771-0033.
Worst of all, the Regal didn't even have signs of their ticket booths to show that Furnite was playing
let alone the times for the film.
Also, while the other films had their own signs of the theater rooms in which they were playing Furnite did not,
nevertheless, the theater had about 15 people in there, but I bet if anybody knew it was playing there,
there'd have been a lot of people that had been packed.
The movie was great to be seen by every voted to show them.
I wish it would be a lot of steel and other election.
I can't wait for Furnite's DVD releases of Denver.
Thank you, Neo, for keeping us up to date.
In the film, I'm basically telling this Michael Moore,
yeah, everything he did a lot before came out in the movie.
That's what I felt.
A lot of the stuff, a lot of those bedtime stories I read,
and a lot of the information I've been trying to pass along.
But then again, I'm reaching how many people?
Top 30, man!
I reach in a few more people than I am.
So I scroll in my keep-keep-go, in fact, boy.
We're like our fat friends.
If they don't stop showing us out of his game crap,
I'm going to turn on the comedy channel.
I can't stand it no more.
I'm going to turn on Leech TV to help his stuff.
I am, okay?
Anything besides this crap.
It's like a 30-minute thing,
and they've been showing it over and over and over again.
And he says, and he did say one thing
that a lot of people could agree with.
He said, I'm not the one they ought to be after Bush is the criminal,
which I think they may have a point.
Not of course that we would kill anybody who do understand that.
56670560.
Hurry it.
Game 1 of the Spangler Cup,
for Canada and Germany.
Oh, yeah, let's put that on the rest of the day.
What do you say?
Spangler Cup?
Is that what it is?
The Spangler Cup.
WQA and Hello.
Neil, did I reach the Wild card line?
WQA and Hello.
Yeah, I got some update on this Phil Henry being canceled.
He's not being canceled.
No, he's at a 10 o'clock.
I know, isn't that outrageous?
What do you mean by that?
Well, because the guy is truly a right-wing hypocrite.
He claims to be a Democrat that he's been a vote for Bush.
And he can't even admit that he's a right-wing Republican.
He's a total sellout as well as what he is.
Oh, I think he really believes what he says.
That's not the point.
I don't think so.
I think he just goes with the flow.
Wow.
Yeah.
Which is even worse.
Yeah, so that means that now we've got to listen to him.
He's on six days a week.
No, I don't think we have to listen to him at all because I've managed to live most of my life
since we all left WIOD without almost ever hearing him anymore.
So I don't think we have to listen to him at all.
Yeah, you're right.
You're right, Neil.
I don't know what that means when you start saying we have to listen to him.
Well, I thought I thought sleep to the radio usually coast to coast,
because which is so far out, you can fall asleep.
Yeah.
Now I've got this fascist coming on at 10 o'clock and I've got to fall asleep to,
I don't know, music or sleeping pills instead.
I think music would be a really good sum of those records they have with the nice sounds of the waterfalls, you know.
Or maybe get that John Kerry sleep machine, might do it.
You're right.
Okay.
I'm going to vote for Kerry anyway.
Anything but Bush.
There you go.
Thanks.
See, I am always nervous when people, oh, we got a listen, oh, you don't have to listen to anything.
Nobody yet is standing holding a gun to your head saying you must listen to this.
Now that may happen to put kids in again, you will listen to the rails, we have bays.
But not yet.
Joined W2M in a Marlins, but I did David Buster's off-shared in I, 95 stop-i for prizes from Billy to Marlin and the Mermaid's.
Now you remember that song, Popsicles and Icefuls by the Mermaid's?
Yeah, sure.
Now I couldn't say anything and you say, yeah, you don't remember that song?
I have no idea what that song is.
Oh, because George didn't either.
Josh, of course, wouldn't know that before he was born.
It's a Marlins watch party starting at 7 AM at David Buster's in Hollywood.
Everybody bring their own watch.
And don't forget if you have one of those watches with a calendar date that has to be 31st today, is there any change over to the first?
Why don't they do that?
Don't they have watches that have like automatic, I know what month it is?
That would be too easy.
Yeah, you know what I'm talking about, don't you?
My watch has this already first.
The chronograph.
Well, I already switched mine over to the first.
I mean, I got a pretty expensive watch here.
It's a one of those, what do you call them?
Rolex?
No, no, yeah, Rolex.
No, it's a sacre, but it's one of those chronographs, not chronographs.
One of those that you never have to wind, you never had to say, what do they call these?
Can you take it off, does it stop when it's off your hand?
No, yeah.
If you ever take it off, it just comes to a dead stop.
Yeah, if you start off with what they call it, Kinetic, that's what they call them.
Some people are frenetic, my watch is kinetic.
All right.
You don't know what Kinetic watch?
Well, that's how you learn how to have a lot on the show.
I heard most company this morning about, what's different about being out of Joe Roe show and being out with Neola?
What is he talking about?
Whatever, past the time for him.
I'll kind of like us.
10.58 at 5.60 WQM, if you're sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser pop-up windows and being watched by spyware
and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers, the easiest way to deal with these bugs is to get you a Macintosh from the Mac Center, the Apple Specialist in Fort Lauderdale.
The Macintosh is built on an entirely different based-in-window, so all those PC past just can't hurt the Mac.
The technology experts at Mac Center can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available,
including once you're already used to and like like Microsoft or the Mac Cell, they'll even take your old computer as a trading.
So make the change today by calling the Mac Senate at 9.54 486500.
You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPad anyplace else in town because the Mac Center is some of the 5% rebate on AirBee Purchase.
Be sure to mention a Neal sent you by for extra savings too, at the Mac Center on Commercial Boulevard Column at 9.54 486500.
And you'll call the CIS-Cortrio-HICD-N-L-L-A-N.
Draw a underdisk bit worth.
Hey, Dick, who was that that energy meeting anyway? It was King Lay wasn't it?
Go f*** yourself.
Who's not new filler and gals? Shootin' in a curse and it made a strict change.
So worst, by a president we've had some f***ing spirit raccoons. That's why they call them dead wood dip.
Now get out of my coffin.
Then your true face can keep you sure as to keep mad clothes to your office.
Yeah, go f*** yourself.
Oh, aren't you the god of a coldly of bad Catholic dead god f*** yourself?
That's telling them dead wood dip.
Go f*** right, throw back. That was a major league f***ing.
I don't normally express myself that way.
It's a LB202 at 5.60 WPM.
Here's the schedule and it looks almost pristine. Oh, not. It's not.
The Hebrew hammering with us today. He's on his way to Vegas event.
That's right.
We got the mad dog at 2.00. Any K will be plunging his guts out between 4.70 this afternoon.
Then we got Marlon's undecced 7 o'clock tonight. Marlon's after braves to try to atone for last night's embarrassing loss.
7.35 tonight and Curtis Stevens citizen in any case spot.
He following the bouncing balls. Good.
We got balls and they're bouncing all over.
There was Sodom again on CNN. Just in case you missed it the first 6,000 times.
That was Sodom. It looked a little like castor with a darker beard.
Let's see. You know, in spite of all the nice things you're saying about Mo and the fact that you're sucking up to him again.
You just can't can't get him off the hook. I don't think even for all time's sake.
What do you mean?
Because I'm a poll. He wants to say what do you think WDQM general manager Greg reads most biggest bonehead move in the past 70 years was we got 373 votes in less than an hour.
Holy crap, brat man. Man.
See, anytime we do this kind of a poll where it gives a chance to you know, spot off about the station or about radio.
Which is good because we're the only thing keeping radio alive.
That's right.
And of course, Howard. You know which Howard and Paryner are.
Absolutely.
I'm not you.
Hiring Mo Howard David at 86.
Oh, it's fairly tight. He can still be beaten with a whip.
Breaking up the first thing 78 firing Scott for real 73 were pissed off about we want for our back.
See, if it didn't hurt my throat so much, I would do the show when I'd voice they read like every other day.
Four hours of it.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
I told George when he feels in it because he doesn't very good for real.
He does agree, but it just tears your guts out.
You could probably do it without raspy voice you got.
What do you mean?
No, like I said, firing Scott Terrible for all 75 not firing George Rodriguez 35.
You see the bring dropout. He got three big categories there and everybody else so far small taters.
Not firing George 35 keeping girl day on here 34.
OG at the golf tournament. Just one honor. It's already got 20 nice going folks.
I hope you appreciate understand how pissed off and fired up anybody associated with the show was and rightfully so should a suit their fat ass.
Greg, it's a lawsuit. It's a suit.
You should have seen that table. He was just foaming at the mouth.
It's a suit, Greg.
Yeah, it's a births brother.
firing Scott for real 60 using Josie is a fill in 10. Oh, brother.
George the guy can stock. Okay.
Hiring near Rogers nine and keep in mind those are people who are listening to the show which I find most amusing.
Putting on the crow nine. I'm tired of the crow putting the big O on the air.
I don't eat.
And putting on a morning crew three out of almost 400 votes already.
I want to ask a question about and I asked George this and I thought he would be able to answer me but can't know where everything right.
Right.
About CD cleaners.
Because every once in a while your CD player or at least these here are starting to like every once in a great while will like skip a little bit, you know.
Yep.
You had that problem ever?
I have.
I'm not talking about a duty CD. I know if that's all about you have to clean it.
This I'm talking about this gets as clean as babies ass.
And the seniors are working right.
And once in a while and so I asked George is there like a thing you can get like where if you have a VCR.
Anybody knows you get a cleaning tape right?
Yes.
And I asked if there's the same thing for a CD player anyway but it would be but it would be no.
There is one.
Now where do I get it?
I know the reason I went on.
Huh?
Radio shackle.
I will not go to Radio shack.
I will say absolutely have to.
Any of those is electronic places.
Yeah.
Best buy, circuits anywhere.
You could buy like a little CD cleaner.
You just put it in there like play for like a minute or something like that.
Right.
Should clean it all up for you.
Well what's wrong with George?
He's supposed to be the maven on those things.
That's supposed to be his area of expertise.
I don't know.
I mean, when's Toes.
Boy, well this weekend I'm going to go out and buy me a CD cleaner.
And then these things are going to sound really...
This is air for the air.
They're going to sound really great.
Because one thing we can't afford to have is any technical screw ups here.
Then the engineers from down there are going to want to come up here again.
Like Yolton tried to come here a couple of weeks ago.
Forget about it.
Fix it.
You're a good guy but get lost.
WBQAM, hello.
Good morning, sir.
Where is this?
Depending on the player brand depending on how it's designed.
Those things will either work or they will not.
The guys over there are right.
You can go to circuit city or any of those places and get one of those.
But if the lens and the thing is put back too far,
those little brushes that they put on them just will not work.
As a matter of fact what they might do is scratch the lens on it.
Really?
Yeah.
It really depends on the...
I don't know if you have professional equipment considered.
Oh yeah.
If QAAM bought it, I know what kind of equipment you have.
Actually the equipment here is very good.
Down there it's all a bunch of crap but here we have two den in the CD player.
The den in the CD should work on.
The den in the CD should work just fine.
But when you say brushes, I'm not sure I understand because I thought there was a disc you put in there.
Yeah, it's a disc like a CD.
Like a regular CD disc.
But they're supposed to have a little thing, like a little...
Well I can be hanging off of it if I can say, still say that.
Right.
And that's what's supposed to spin around and go over the laser lens and clean the lens and all that good stuff.
But I'm surprised you're having that kind of problem with any equipment.
I don't know how long you've had those but...
About two and a half years.
That's weird.
You shouldn't be having that kind of a problem.
Really?
Yeah.
That's a really good equipment usually.
But if you shouldn't have that kind of a problem, why do they make the cleaner in the first place?
Well, I remember the audio industry makes all kinds of stuff that really you don't need.
But somebody's making some bucks out of it.
Right.
That's a whole point.
Anyways, I just wanted to let you know I've seen for in high 911.
And I think my girlfriend to see it this weekend again.
Actually, on movie, people really should go to see that before in November.
Amen.
Thanks a lot.
Take care of everything.
Well, there's a guy who knows what side is up and what side is down and out.
Josh has seen the movie and Zach has seen the movie and Neil has seen the movie and George.
We don't know about George.
No, he'll give you any idea what he's going to be going to see.
Nope.
Can you go away this week or not?
I know I asked him but my Alzheimer's kicks in.
I forgot if he actually went to North Carolina or went somewhere.
I'm not sure.
We don't know.
Nope.
He was shame if he actually didn't go away and I called and said,
Hey, George, you're supposed to work tomorrow.
I wouldn't do that.
How many QA and hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I think we made this video.
Hello, please.
This is radio.
Yes, this is radio and that's pretty sad in it.
Yes.
Yes, Neil.
Yes.
Two things.
I got a pick report.
Okay.
So I have my 75.
Just south of our right-of-park way.
There's about 30 FHPs with camera buttons.
I'm sure they're mad.
Right.
Okay.
Getting everybody.
Wow.
Also, happy Friday July.
They're off to get you.
They want your money.
And click it or link it.
Also, software and high-nine 11.
And the nationals.
And it will see it again.
Also, I noticed last night on the Fox, not necessarily not the station.
They're starting off about how much money is Michael Morgan going to make on this movie in
the Arab countries.
Oh, man.
They failed to mention how much money they'll get to make.
It's a beating of Christ over there.
Don't forget, man.
That was for the Lord.
You better get your priorities straight now.
Have a great weekend, Valley.
You too.
See ya.
I'm glad he mentioned that thing about a big report because I forgot to mention to the audience
that those people who live out by me there in West Broward.
Yep.
Very familiar with like on a hiatus road between sunrise and Broward, Boulevard.
Between the sunrise and...
Where are we going?
That's been for a long time.
One of the top five speed traps in town.
Yes.
You're definitely right about that.
Now they've closed off because they don't know what to do.
They don't know what to do.
They don't know what to do.
They don't know what to do.
Or eat a banana because they've got two hiatus roses now.
They've got old hiatus road, which is...
And then they've got the new hiatus, which they've been building for about five years now.
And it's paved, but it don't go anywhere.
And they don't know what to do with it.
I could tell them what to do with it.
So they've got...
Southbound hiatus there, when I'm told, blocked off.
Yeah.
So the guy...
It's bad for business, see, for the porkers.
And now what he's done is he set up shop on the corner of a hundred-eighteenth-thinth-son
rise.
So I'm just telling you to govern yourselves accordingly because if you think that you know...
This guy has disappeared and taken up a new area.
He just moved one block down the road.
That's all.
So he's just hiding.
Like he always does.
Yep.
Well, see, and also part of the problem is that somebody used to hide behind me on one of the trees there by the canal.
Like on hiatus, because somebody chopped the tree down or chopped the way down.
So he can't hide there no more.
So just like the beeswings, he found another tree to hang out.
The life of a local, this is life-sitting, the rickets of yours, and I'm gonna heal you in!
Know that the Lord even loves the O' Rogers.
I'm not gonna lie to me, James.
No girl will ever lay.
No big brother, no special offense, but people born into their loved ones.
The dragon box, soft and shreds, girl.
I'm across the USA.
In injections, moving under his light, it's going to be a passion, still being caught up other ways.
Not far and has been changed.
No girl will ever lay.
No big brother, no special offense, but people born into their loved ones.
What does it mean that 560 W.A.M.?
Yeah, Mel Gibson, there's the real hero, man. Look out for him.
Thank you, God!
Uh, false terror warning.
What is this all about?
God says, Attorney General John Ashcroft issued a warning in Miami on Wednesday that the terrorist behind the deadly assaults of September 11th are between 75 and 90% complete with their plan for a major attack against the US this year.
You know from simple math that 90% of 10 is 9 and 90% of 20 is 18.
You know what 90% of any unknown number is?
No, you can't establish a percentage unless you know the total as Ashcroft's rejecting those.
The terrorist plant, good point.
Sean and Miami says I'd like to start a movement to put Ronald Reagan on the $3 bill.
Okay.
Here's another 5.0. What's up today? Aren't they?
Oh yeah.
I don't know. Facts is up the ass here. Just unbelievable.
What's this thing about Bill Buckley?
Who just retired stepped out from the national review at the age of 178?
Here's a long thing about marijuana.
Today we have illegal marijuana for whoever wants it.
I think that should be for whomever wants it.
A grammatical error by William Buckley, boy he's slipping man.
An estimated 100 million Americans have spoken marijuana at least once a great majority of men
and it's used to act their few highs.
But to stop using it to stop close off its availability.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
We're not going to find someone running for president who advocates before of these laws.
What is required is a genuine Republican groundswell.
It is happening ever so gradually.
Two of every five Americans acquainted with 2003's I'd be pulsited by Dr. Nadalman.
Believe the government should treat marijuana more or less as M.W.T.s booze.
It should regulate a control of tax. It make illegal only for children.
Well, how do you like that Bill Buckley?
It says the ducks do it.
They do odd things but here they teach us a lesson.
Can you believe this from this right wing lunatic?
I love it.
Yeah, I bet you do.
Oh yeah.
Man, for you I weed for everybody. It says Bill Buckley.
Anyway.
Got an unbelievable article here if I can find it because I was printing out a whole bunch of stuff.
I was actually like fighting you during the break there.
In other words, fighting the facts as you were sending, I'm like trying to print out a bunch of crap so it all came up.
Wait till you hear this one. This will absolutely frost your fat ass.
And that takes a lot of frost.
A lot of frost.
Carey sighted in Catholic Heresy case.
Oh, this is the best.
Do we have a lot of crazy people in the US or why?
Wow.
Talking about Greg Reed.
A Catholic lawyer has filed Heresy charges against Senator John Carey with the art slices of Boston accusing the Democratic presidential candidate of bringing the most serious scandal to the American public by receiving holy community as an approach to a Catholic.
And I'm sure of course he's the only one who does that.
You do understand that.
Oh yeah.
The 18-page document was sent to the Arts Dicies June 14th for release of the public only yesterday by Mark Bellestrary, a Los Angeles-based canon lawyer and an assistant judge for the Arts Dicies of Los Angeles's Tribunal and Ecclesiastical Court.
Whatever the hell that is.
Heresy is a public Ecclesiastical crime, said Mr. Bellestrary 33, who has complained his post that it's got a website which I'm not going to promote.
It affects entire communities.
It is one of the greatest sins you can commit.
If the Boston Arts Dicies which is refusing to comment on the case decided to press Heresy charges, the Massachusetts Senator could be excommunicated.
How do you like that?
I think we need an exorcism for this crazy old bastard.
That the moral price compels you.
Unbelievable.
My goal is his repentance not excommunication, Mr. Bellestrary said.
The charges do not seek monetary damages.
The power of price compels you.
The power of price compels you.
The Reverend Arthur Espelage, executive coordinator for the Candid Law Society in Alexandria, said a Catholic layman, can legitimately bring a case against another layman in a church court.
The charges known in church as a denunciation.
Denunciation are similarly a criminal complaint in second law.
That's what we need here at QA and we need to be able to bring those denunciation charges, right?
Denunciation.
The power of price compels you.
But this is really unique.
You said I never heard of a case like this being processed before.
The charges must be filed in the diocese where Mr. Curie lives.
If the Archdiocese of Boston rejects the case, Mr. Bellestrary can appeal them to the congregation for the doctrine of faith, headed by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger in a role model.
Father Espelage said church officials not politicians are the ones usually accude to Heresy, but this suit may change that.
It is as if someone has lost the nuclear missile now that priest said, I suspect there will be a communication between the Boston Arch slices and the Holy Sea on this.
The power of price compels you.
A spokesperson for Mr. Curie refused comment because the campaign had not seen the document.
The power of price compels you.
Mr. Bellestrary said he filed a Heresy charge plus an additional complaint charging harm to himself as a result of Mr. Curie's pronouncements on abortion and related issues,
because cannon law entitles Catholics to possession of the faith unharmed.
The power of price compels you.
By spreading Heresy is endangering not just mine, but every Catholics possession of the faith he said.
How do you like this per crap? I'm inviting all baptized Catholics who feel injured by Curie to join the suit as third parties.
The power of price compels you.
By reading the document on the website, then sending a certified letter for agreement to the Boston Arch slices.
People are saying you could be pro-choice and a good Christian that is not countered or whatever.
For the faith of supportive boarded murder, Mr. Bellestrary said this is a life threatening Heresy said.
The power of price compels you.
Bishop's have had 31 years since the Supreme Court made abortion an individual right to do something on his matter, but they've done nothing he said.
The power of price compels you.
Maybe they were too busy molesting altru boys.
Charles M. Wilson directed the St. Joseph Foundation in San Antonio, which has filed numerous complaints in search,
quote, across the country on behalf of Catholic Lady, doubts that the boss of our diocese will respond to the case.
The power of price compels you.
The weak point of a denunciation suit he said is that the bishop need not take action.
Usually a bishop will first investigate the case and determine whether the charges have substance.
Mr. Wilson said, but our expensive Charlemagne of Boston is under no obligation to prosecute the coups.
Maybe they can take it to joy bishop.
The power of price compels you.
The power of price compels you.
Man, what I've said about them crazy religious man, these are the crazy people, the lunatics that dangerous people all over the world, all of it, everywhere, everywhere part of it.
Anyway, here's one that says put me down for 25 votes for Harry Mohawar David, who is still leading.
Isn't pulled away, isn't open up tremendous distance there.
Also, how about the QAM auction? There is another good one. I like that.
The QAM auction. Got it, Josh?
Got it.
What a scam, what a ripoff. Is it over what?
Because I heard that that's done.
Yeah, it's all done.
It better be done.
And not only that, but then they were auctioning off, oh, spend a weekend at Mad Dog's house, and go over and shake hands with your arose,
and talk to Molly's taking a dump, and you're just making up all kinds of crap.
How much would you pay for that?
Not much.
Another choice should be putting ESPN radio on Sundays, and having that spas hole Dan La Bastard on there, he's the worst host and has an awful show.
Oh, was Greco-Tex ripping the QAM or Joe Roser somebody this morning? I didn't look at it.
I think he said something nice about Joe.
Dini? Yeah, nothing bad.
Well, how do you like that? Well, Greco-Tex is still a spas hole.
Full question for...
Oh, I like that.
I like that. Who is... Huh?
Who is the biggest...
Mo Guilty or Dan La Bastard?
Well, somebody really whipped up about that.
Well, here's the new WID lineup. Thank you so much. We don't mind promoting it because it really blows.
And we found out who Captain Bryan is.
Well, when it comes to radio, man, even though it isn't dinosaur, it used to be really great. Now it's a piece of crap.
We know it. We know our crap. I'm a show.
Captain Bryan, live 85 morning host, another one that was used to be on it, a piece of third that they got in Palm Beach, a 51 in Scottville, a Rally in a 1 in Scott.
I don't know what they got now.
The one where he got PD Lanny working, and Bob Eisenberg, and Tom Deneberg is over there, too.
Live 85 morning host, Captain Bryan Freeman arrived in South Florida four years ago, after spending 15 years in the Greater Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, media. Wow.
Bryan has spent the last three years covering events for WSVN TV as well as CNN, ABC and CBS, prior to joining the Live 85 news team, Live 85.
He was a regular on radio with while 100 and WI-D-A-M have never heard of him.
Captain Bryan Freeman, maybe he's kind of Morgan Freeman.
He's causing it. He has made one many awards, including the prestigious Miami Arrow Award. Wow. Well, in fact, in case we've been missing out, somebody would have just told me that.
Here's the new WI-D line of beginning July 7th. Okay, for those who want to know where we're going to promote all the stations. We don't care.
5 at 9 a.m., opposite Mo and Joe. Mo and Joe.
And the other one. It's South Florida's first news with Captain Bryan Freeman beginning. Now, what does that mean?
We fall Harvey at 5.50 a.m. and 8.30 a.m. and Trump at 6.20 a.m. and 8.20 a.m. Oh, brother. Trump.
South Florida's first news. So in other words, it's a news show because I don't listen to them.
Here it is. Because I know once upon a time there was supposed to be a news show when a news station when a switch when a third channel bought from Paxon.
WI-Z used to be the all news station as you know, we're talking tonight. And then WI-D was the top station with news, you know, with a real news department.
Well, they come along and of course they have to switch it all back and forth. So WI-D was supposed to be the news station, which it's not because they got a bunch of syndicated
tortures on they were all typed in. And now WI-Z is Fox for 9.40 sports with their point to share.
9.11.30 a.m. Oh, that's a nice time to Glenn Beck program. Believe me, 2.5 hours is a two hours too much.
11.30 a.m. Paul Harvey. Good day. Paul just turned 140.70 still in the basement in Chicago and can't get out.
Southfield is midday report. Known to 3, you know, it is Killpop and Hibber Crit. 3 to 6, you got Todd Smith, the smidmyster. We got our awful website by the terrible.
Don't go to that website. I think he gets like some kind of a virus from it. My computer was all screwed up after I looked at that website for the pictures of our friend. What's your name?
Deborah or teacher? Deborah. Deborah LaFave. My reading teacher. Right.
6 to 7 p.m. News extra in and that look at the day's top stories. Paul Harvey's here is the rest of the story at 6.55.
7 to 10 p.m. The strong had any show beginning July 5th beginning Monday. All right. If you want to hear some real fascism, there it is.
Phil Henry gets bumped up to 10 o'clock at night to 1 in the morning. Are you sure? Yeah, that's what it says right here.
Because I know this must have come from PV Bulger. And coast to coast with George Neary. Neary? Neary?
1 to 5 a.m. Is that about to replace the crazy art bell? I do not know. Josh? Yeah. You don't listen to art bell. He's out of this world, man. You better get with it.
This is Sarah from The Art of Video. Welcome back to the House Franken Show. We have a blogger for our guest this hour.
Do we have a blogger? A blogger. And that I might do my steward Smolly did. Is this the switch here? Okay. A log blogger.
I am a blogger. A blog blog. A blog. A blog. So I guess this. What else is news? Get it news.
Phil is questionable whether or not you can renew a surprise for another season. So I am afraid we may never discover if the Nazi was impede and alien or a threat to the human.
It looks like we have a break which is amazing. Is this a strong break or a blogger? Can you stay with us? Yes, it will allow me to pledge myself to big things of Julian's.
I am a 22-28-11 QAM. This is a, did we talk about this yesterday about how the smirk mustard is telling people to go to the movies and buy ticket for white chicks or some other movie than sneaking to see Michael Moore? First of all, if it's so bad and so terrible and so full of lies, why don't they want to see it anyway?
I don't understand that. Don't get it. Anyway, this is from Jorge, not our Jorge, but some of them maybe maybe it is. This is the shane that radio and stuff for the sucks and in some cases now this is what really gets me because he's quoting Schmidt Meister said this and he says in some cases this is like the woman called before said we have to listen to him. No, no, you don't. You don't have to listen to Phil Henry when he goes to listen to the John Kerry S news tape.
He says you have to listen to a lot of this stuff. You have no choice. If you listen to these shows, they're all the same. These guys can't come up with an original idea unless Fox News or Rush come up with some of the conspiracy that the left has been countered against their fearless leader.
But they've never been guilty of such a thing themselves, right? Anyways, you have to listen to you for about 11 years now since I was 16. You're the best thing on the air down here. Take care. It says Jorge.
Absolutely correct.
Thanks Jorge, but we're like a half a step ahead of you as usual, but thank you so much. Thanks for the memories. Here is the geek and Margate says now this is I don't get this at all. I realize try to be helpful.
It says the CD cleaner is a fluid usually a spray with a lip-free cloth. A CD player cleaner. Oh yeah, no, I was about a CD collector. A CD player cleaner. Oh, geez.
Consistive a CD like this with brushes and sometimes a wet cleaner. It cleans the CD player lanes and is rarely needed.
The only time a CD player cleaner is useful is when you stick dirty CDs in your player, otherwise almost all skip their dude with defect in the CD itself. No.
Because I got two machines here and if I look for example, I got one of the other day from Volka Brian and I tried to play some on the bottom machine. It was like skipping. I put it on the top. No problem. Just fine. Right?
So if there's a defect in the CD itself, how could that be, right? Yeah, I don't know what the geek is saying. He's in detail for even know what.
Clean the offending CD with the offending CD with a CD cleaner kit first before using a CD player cleaner. If you damage the CD lands nothing will play right. Well, we can't afford to do that.
Because now I probably have to buy a new equipment myself because I know these cheap manufacturers aren't. They room you're sitting in right now with your fat ass. Look around you there. Most of the stuff that you see other than the board.
Other than the board and the CD decks, I pay for this about everything. That fax machine there. Copy us. Mine. The computer.
Monitor. The TV set up on a wall. They finally got that to replace the one that Jeff Cohen gave us the TV. VCR. It was given to us. The satellite system doesn't work because they can't get direct TV on going right.
All of these things either I paid for myself or somebody gave it to the refrigerator on the floor which I'm sure you have your eye on and my hands in.
Given it was an I.O.D. The microwave sitting on top of it. Same story. So it's kind of like do it yourself radio or come. Yeah, but we're paying them all that money. Whoever heard the subscribe, right? Yeah. Whoever had to have it like to buy your own crap.
And anyway, this poll is just foaming at the mom. Unbelievable. What do you think? Gregory W. Crayman's general manager's biggest bonehead move at last seven years has been 519 votes in an hour less than an hour and a half.
They are pumped up and pissed off and fired up about this.
Hiring Mo Howard, David, 108. You're in a lead mode, but not the three yet breaking up the first team 96. And of course that's got a lot of votes because that led to so many other multi-problem.
Firing Scott for well 87. OG at the golf tournaments, move it up nicely 58 into a solid fourth place. Not firing George Rodriguez 57. Keeping Gelly on the ears all the way up to 40.
Oh, brother. Hiring Scott for well 21. Using Joseph Gekki's a fill in 16. They like you, Joe. They realize it's not business.
Putting on a crow 12. He's moved to ahead of me, hiring the Aradjus then. We want that midday sports back. We all lose those two points. So better to Fox Sports. You realize the only day part that they have any numbers in midday.
They got fractions the rest of the day and they have a two point midday. You want to know why? Why? I don't think it's because Romeo's on. Is he that big of a draw? He's a big draw, but I don't know about that.
I think it's because we're not doing sports until the sports nerds talk about it's like these people say, well, I have to listen to this. Why? I don't get it. All these things, but I'm in South Florida to why listen to the Schmidt-Myster?
Oh, I listen to rush. I listen to what kept in the howdy or whatever's name. No. Oh, we have to listen to it. Anyway, putting on the crow 12, hiring the Aradjus 10 bad mistake, putting the big. Oh, I'm here 10. I'm tied with him.
Same person, by the way, putting on the morning crew three and the QM auction we just put on is got one. I'm sure there's plenty more that we missed, but we'll take some calls. And you notice how we're approaching new already? Oh, yeah. We haven't even broken a sweat yet here today. I did.
Did you? Well, that's when you're big and fat and huge. Now, how's the food coming? But we got how he's today. I thought they came in the morning.
No, they came in just brought us some food. Oh, they came in special for you guys. Yeah, they're good guys. We love how he's got great food. Only I'll never forgive them for the 85 pounds of bacon they brought in. Just then they're killed me. That's just about did me in. I'll never forget that day. That was a great. I couldn't believe the package of bacon you got. And I ate it. I mean, I can't play. I can't play anybody else for myself because only a cow, only a glutton, only a disgusting pig like me would because you can't stop. You know, you're sitting there and bacon isn't like all that.
You know, and it's just kept trawling on it and trawling on it and the bacon too. And before we know it, I got about six pounds of bacon in my gut and man, you talk about leaky gut. Wow, wow, wow.
It was so good though, right? Huh? It was great, but man, that leaky gut.
5.670560. Any other site didn't have emphasized gut as opposed to like say back home because we couldn't have done that. Very good of you.
WQA Hello. Not there on line two. Mark it down for those of you who keep track who keep squirting me a sorbete. WQM Hello.
Line one at two in a row. Okay. See line one has their quick cut off. WQM Hello. Can I talk to me, please? Speaking. Yes.
I got a suggestion for you, Paul. Okay. I'm pretty sure we're going to have another service attack before the election. I was just really wondering if it will help push or hurt or push because I think common sense with dictated with hurt them. But since when has that come into play over here?
Common sense. When are we going to find that? Get the search party. Exactly. And in closing Georgia is still hating space. Okay. Thanks. See you.
Okay. If I say any other suggestion for Paul, then he was all over the place. He touched all the bases. Okay. Touched them all. It was a walkoff home run.
I don't think I'll ever recover from that. That's just and of course Dave and boring's got poor Josh their brain washed in believe it. He doesn't say that. Does he?
No. Him or Booge actually. I don't believe you. Oh, thank God. I always like that Dave and boring. And we love Booge. Booge is just booze grade. A lot. See, I'm glad I fell into this because it reminds me before when we played that last promo and I said, boy, that was boring.
It isn't so much because Booge isn't boring. He's where gets very excited. He's a great job. But the tips that they use in the promos is like searching for the most bland, the most boring crap to play. And is that going to bring anybody out to the ballpark? No, of course not. You know.
Walkoff home run. Walk off this. Walkoff from Beth. So that's the good news. You won't hear walkoff home run on our Marlon Broadcast.
You know, it's your uncle which is must be why we had like an almost eight share at night during the Marlon Games. How do you like that? That was pretty heavy duty. That's right.
Unlike the Panthers which have like a point. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, nothing. At least one good thing if they ever do play hockey in the NHL. The Panthers play another game and tell these do in the radio. You'll have to worry about him offending anybody with a squeaky voice.
He's waiting to be listening anyway. 20 till noon at 5.60 WQ and Pompato Park is going to explode this Friday night as the racetrack gave
Southeast July 4th weekend with a spectacular fireworks show after last last live race. This Friday, July 2nd, what sounds like tomorrow to me.
It's a family fun night. So bring out the kids. There will be clowns free face painting, live music, free miniature horse rides. All starting at 7 p.m. Look at the way they spell horse on here.
That's Steve both must be little off his feet. H. O. U. R. S. C. They must have done that.
Because in a candidate they stuck that O in there like honor H. O. N. O. U. R. labor L. A. right.
I was right. I was right. I saw you do R. S. C. There'll be a special really post time tomorrow night at 7.05
P.M. because of the fireworks show. The fireworks show is set to take place at 10.30 tomorrow night.
Polk Room is open from noon to midnight. Just a half mile from both I. 95 in the turn.
In fact, it's easy to get to pump it off our can best of all. They offer you every day free admission free general parking live harness racing in
Polk Room is open every Friday and Saturday. Polk restarts at noon goes on the midnight, which I think I said only moments ago and
live racing gets in a way nightly at 7.25 P.M. every Friday and Saturday.
Pump it off. Of course, it's also open every day. Seven nights of days and nights week featuring the best in
Simon testing harness racing through a bright and high-light action from all across North America.
Feed or watch and cleanse your guts out. Watch out for Mark Del Questo and Del Campo and watch out for Bobby Campbell.
Of Professor, I think he's dead. Pump it off our block shot for the line of full of our power line road call 954 972 2000 for the current race schedule.
Check it out online. Pump it off our dot com. Don't forget a great fireworks show lots of racing action this weekend at Pump it off our
dot com. Don't forget a great fireworks show lots of racing.
Welcome to 60 minutes and then mother. Seated across from me is America's 40 second President Billion Jefferson Clinton.
He's just written his memoirs and for the next hour. Hold up there, Dan. What the hell is going on here, Dan? Where is life for
this doll? Lizlist. Yeah, where is he? I specifically requested that I be interviewed by Leslie Stahl. Come on, quick play.
Let's see. Hide and somewhere. Oh, no, baby. Bill's here. Sure. I believe.
Lizlist is on assignment. Say what? I want Leslie Stahl. She's supposed to wear a sexy little skirt.
A skirt? Yeah. And no pantyhose. What? I like that bear leg.
Mr. Clinton. Lizlist is now here. Damn. Well, is there any way I can get you to Woodruff?
She works for CNN. What about Maria Bartolomal? Mr. Clinton, please. Follows on. No.
So without a bride. No. Carol Fostella. No. Debra Norville. No.
Christie was a matchy. No. Nor all Donald. No. As the band feel. No can do.
Campbell Brown. Not going to happen. Oh, what about that hot blonde chick from Fost News? Oh, you mean Laurie D?
Yeah, her. Oh, man, I'd like to Laurie do her. Please. Mr. Clinton. Fun. You win.
I'm glad you've found it. Come to your senses. Just bring me Greta Van Sustrin in a paper bag. Mr. President, that's enough.
None of those women even worked for 60 minutes. All right. All right. I'm going on beat. I guess I'll have to sell for a
fifth of Jack Daniels and Andy Rooney.
One point seven, 13 to a known bad news.
De La Rock as former dictator. Saddam Hussein faces his accompaniment in a rocky court.
There was new violence today as two separate bomb attacks kill fiber.
Rackies of Indians in Baghdad. Another attack left a multinational soldier dead near Mosul.
We don't worry. From yet, but he's dead. More bad news. De La Rock.
Here's the fact that says, hey, Neil Norma can't is also on live 85, where he calls it the nifty eight fifty. How sad?
What a schmuck it says. He's on Saturdays, 10 to noon just before
depot the polyman and Dave Gergles, Gergley.
And that awful trivia show. Oh man, it's just I remember when that piece of Schmidt was on QAM.
It's still the same piece of Schmidt. All those three Jackasses do is make jokes and laugh like hyenas and
D. Post still does his corny one liners. Oh, for D. Post for us.
Although he was very popular. We don't pause on the audience. So like D.
Full a lot. I'm not really sure why, but they like them.
Like Zach, he likes corn, right? Of course.
Anything you can eat. Anything you can eat. There's that likes it.
And Zach, I'm sure since you're the, I mean, just don't know from hockey at all, right?
You know, the Avers go to the hockey game. Sure. Really?
Three tickets, right? No, they got a nice bar in there.
Okay. Big hockey news here in Toronto, right?
For our fourth Maple Leaf fans out there, if there's going to be a scene, think you're going to be a season?
No. But anyway, Leaf signed Joe New and I, Gary Roberts,
defenseman, Ockie Berg. I'm not too sure about that last one.
And any debacle, Ed Bell for a three year, $22 million contract.
There'll be 175 by the time his contract expires.
And the vetting here is that he'll probably expire before the contract.
How do you like that? So we wrapped up any debacle, Gary Roberts and Joe New and Dike.
Can I say New and Dike? There's a street in Amsterdam called New and Dike.
In fact, there's probably a lot of Dikes on it. A lot of Dikes in Holland, you know that?
Really? Yeah. I like that. That's why Jay and Irina like staying out there.
Oh, why these no spin control prompts guests to cry foul. I love this article so much.
I'm going to read it. You know, I've read these long articles here today because I don't want to
get you into a coma. Maybe that's why you're so quiet this week.
snoozing off through all of this reading all these bedtime stories. No. Yes.
When you appeared on Villa Raleigh's Fox News channel show last week, George Tom Loffer
Fisher David Cole was impressed that the hard charging host played as part of his opening
commentary a balanced sound bite from the chairman of 9-11 Commission. Cole was less impressed when
an aggravated O'Reilly stopped the taping of the O'Reilly factor and killed the sound bite.
And when Cole brought up this incident during the interview, he says O'Reilly exploded,
called the Minnesota B and declared he would never be invited back. O'Reilly says a left-wing
academic is using a minor staff mistake to try to discredit the program or try to be fair,
he said. We're trying to give the other point of view so people can see why he's a stronger
argument. It's really depressing that the discourse is something to this level. What a jackass.
The heated words which were edited out of the program seen by viewers involved O'Reilly's
criticism of the New York Times and its coverage of the controversy or whether there were links
between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda. In kicking off what he called no-spin coverage of the issue,
O'Reilly began the show by saying that the Times and other newspapers have been under heavy fire
for their misleading headlines basically saying there was no link between Iraq and Al Qaeda.
As Cole listened from Washington, the program played a clip of Commission chairman Thomas Cain saying,
there was no evidence that we can find whatsoever that Iraq or Saddam Hussein participated in any way
and attacked some of the United States. In other words, a 9-11. What we do say, however, is there
work context between Iraq and Saddam Hussein, excuse me, Al Qaeda. O'Reilly complained this one
was the wrong sound bite. In retaping the commentary, he'd be fray a paraphrase when it came to points
but not the other one. Governor Thomas Cain says definitely there was a connection between Saddam
and Al Qaeda and he's a 9-11 investigative chief but that's not enough for the New York Times.
Our sort of astonished people do it so brazenly in front of guests as Cole and activist
attorney who has challenged US a patriotic act in court. O'Reilly calls it totally absurd the
suggestion that he kept the sound bite because it didn't fit my thesis and producer had simply
selected a clip that wasn't right for the segment he says. Right. But Cole says,
Harry is castigating New York Times for misleading its readers and he was misleading his viewers.
I wish the show had been lied because I'd love for his viewers to see what he was up to.
What viewers saw was a lively debate among O'Reilly, Cole and Mark Jacobson in a Ohio state
instructor who helped shape the Pentagon's policy on Guantanamo Bay Prisoners. The only clue that
there was a blow-off at the end of the interview when Cole was asked to leave is that O'Reilly didn't
thank his guest ending the segment instead of the closing comment. We made make mistakes because
we bring in people who are trying to cause trouble he says of Cole. I thought he was a rational person.
Cole was just getting started. He discussed a matter on the Air America Radio Show commentator's
most vocal critic Al Franken. He also submitted an op-ed piece about the incident to several news
organizations including the Washington Post and still hopes it'll be published. O'Reilly sees
this as a part of a pre-well-organized campaign on the left to monitor the television and radio shows.
He said it in appearance on the O'Reilly Factory last week by John Podesta for Machiaff Staff in
the Clinton White House. When I was a little think tank called Center for American Progress.
Podesta complained that you compared Bill Morris to Mao Zitong. You say that's a joke. You compare
Al Franken to Joseph Garibles. The Nazi propaganda. That was Michael Moore by the way said,
O'Reilly adding that such comments were often satirical. I said that Michael Moore is a propaganda.
This is how Joseph Garibles explained what propaganda is. It's a two-eighth street, a two-eighth street
here buddy Podesta said at one point, you do all this all the time. You label people, you smear people.
O'Reilly also cites what he calls a false claim by a more in publicizing his film for an I-911
that O'Reilly had banned him after a contentious interview. The host insists that's not the case
and typical of his liberal detractors. They're trying to say that were liars as O'Reilly if you can't
beat him, slime him. They don't come any slime here then Bill O'Reilly, who's no factor in this market.
It's the no factor. He does have that toy too though. The toy too. I'm impressed.
Here's the deal. What do you think of Greg W. Quibble's General Manager biggest bonehead move
in the last seven years we've got? I think we'll do a thousand of these. Five ninety seven before
we get to know him we'll be over six hundred vote. We might have a shot of a thousand you think.
Yeah. Got a shot. Right Jimmy we got a shot. I think Jimmy ought to be shot at least in the toe.
What a jackass. There's another one. Got who talk big, talk trash about poor shoes,
myster, the brain stem, got his ass can and I came to South Florida to talk and all kinds of crap.
We got a shot. Again they let him off easy. Let him off the hook. How come they weren't just
trashing him just brutally mercilessly? That's just like you do one state who deserves it.
But how come Jimmy Johnson didn't get like that because he's a Jimmy Johnson. They liked his
hair. He was at it. Maybe because they remembered all those great years with you of him.
They remember that great festival in Arizona. Anyway, more Howard David, hiring more Howard David,
hundred twenty six they say Greg's biggest bonehead move. Hundred twenty six but breaking up the first
team one oh six right on Moe's ass firing Scott for right now let me ask you that. No I haven't heard
anybody mentioned recently he's not still picking his ass in the station is he? Who's a model?
I have not seen that lately. Don't you remember those days in fact you were one of the ones
who was bitterly complaining about it. We're going to file a some kind of a lawsuit.
Or maybe it was the beast I'm sorry it wasn't exactly what's it in the beast. There you go.
Breaking up the first team one oh six firing Scott for well 97 we want to back.
O.J. at the golf trimmings moving up tremendously 71 that was the low and underneath the
color duty that was disgusting. Not firing George Rodriguez 65. They love picking on the little
George especially when he's not here. Keep him guilty on here 44 sweetheart 44 they hate you.
Hiring Scott for all 25 using Josie as a fill in 20 putting on the crow 15 putting the big
oh on the year 14 hiring the roggers 10 putting on the morning crew for an acute
emotion three out of 606 606. Not bad we'll do it. Don't forget how it's certain comes to the
buzzing Palm Beach. Let's promote the hell out of it right. Let's promote all the other
stations since we're doing so well let's say spread the uh greatness around. Right? Spread the
wealth. Spread the wealth spread the prosperity all around. Got eight live 85 we got their captain
the truckie or Brian or whatever the guy's name is in the morning. You got Sean Hannity there all
you Nazis out there seven attend tonight followed by Phil Henry are you sure another good Nazi
you totally sold out. Don't forget look for the QM van right now now how long is your going to be
there it doesn't say forever. No look for the QM van at the shell station just west of I-95
and here in the street. I bet you isn't going out there with that thing or what? I'm not sure I
thought I saw Miguel in here before. He was there earlier but maybe he's there well you have to go out
there and see if you're so old. He's out there Miguel is there he's waiting on you just west of 95
I'm sure in the street in fact they even stopped by and see where we used to broadcast in the
Paxing building and you can also go to the Cosm building and say goodbye to Cheryl who's living
W.I.O.D. and cost broadcasting. Stop by and pick up a pair of tickets to see the Marlins in the
Devil race tomorrow night. Free just stop by and say I'll take them I want them and join QM
in Marlins tonight. The David Busters off Sheridan Street 95 stuff I've reprised
us from Billy to Marlin and the Mermaids. The Marlins watch party don't forget to tune your watch
ahead to the first at 7 o'clock tonight at David Busters in Hollywood.
Why am you local?
Here's sports video fights this is you a QAM.
Coach Dineshuler and I sound like Bob Hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12-door
now or whatever it is. I got a cool head double one Ravens in a Moe holiday day
but it is showroomed in it. I used to call it in my aspirations.
They are away from it. I don't even know how you're up to children. They're a ma. Hello.
Yes I want to take on J.F.E.D.
Oh well J.F.E.D.
They're great courted by Pina Goodjou.
I like J.F.E.D.
Well in that imagine he's got extraordinary smooth pepops.
Oh yeah!
Thanks man. You did what you say.
Oh, thank you ma.
No, no wait a minute. Don't go.
I have nothing else to say.
How about this? I was the way the down there in the mirror ma.
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh wait, by the way something.
No, I have to go.
I'll tell you what. I'll hold you open up right.
How's that? I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
It's my way.
That's what the holy color we had.
That thing you got in your nose is growing again.
It's going going going going going going going going.
Why?
It's going going going going going going going going going.
Wow!
You got this thing with your face.
And you know that I get this.
And around those golden t-shirts.
You saw my eye.
And you go.
And up here I don't see.
A road map of it's a land of me.
You got this thing with me.
So I'm way too tight.
I know it's going to be.
I know it's going to be.
It's almost temporary today.
I think.
Am I paying for this?
And they start particularly.
I had to know it.
The door to door is open.
Yeah, I'd go.
Like the whole of the past.
And it's almost temporary.
Oh, God.
When it goes next to.
It's going to be.
It's going to be.
I think.
I've got to go off to sleep.
And try to stand out this way.
That way.
How are you now?
If I don't do, if I don't repeat it.
Right, Salted B.
I got a No, one.
Another one for the pull.
What do you got?
Leaving sports on the air for an hour after the World Trade Center attacks.
Could you had had could you do,
a much more.
conversation about it.
What can we all we know is sports?
What can we say about us?
Let's just talk sports.
Leaving that little troop and his boyfriends on air for an hour.
Until finally, somebody, a month for somebody, finally
contaminated and called this for psychiatric,
got popped a few pills.
And I said, I guess we'd better put New York on them
to do something.
How do you like that?
That could have been the lowest point in the history
of this radio station that day, even lower
than when the two live Jews owned a station.
What thought were their names that was
the Sunshine Wireless?
Isn't that what the used-ownest piece of crap?
I believe so.
Yeah, before Beasley bought it, Sunshine Wireless.
And then they had Cuckney music on, right?
They had country kids.
They were playing Cuckney on FM and Sommelcasting
Cuckney on AM.
That was pretty bright.
So was productive?
Yeah.
Fahrenheit and I'd love to become first
and port a documentary in China.
Oh, my God.
Michael Morris, provocative anti-bush documentary.
Fahrenheit and I'd love it as likely to become the first
and ported documentary in China.
Sources indicate there's a strong possibility
some of the violent scenes will be cut,
like that head that was cut at Chop Chop Square.
If Fahrenheit and I'd love it as screened in China.
Not that they understand, not that they sense their things.
They're kind of like blockbuster.
They just want you to see what they think you ought
to be able to see.
And that's it.
Same deal.
And now you know what the white wingers are going to say,
see, it's Cometaco propaganda.
Even the tanks are going to be showing it.
That's what they're going to say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon,
wireless line.
Food from how is you already eating it
in the background there or what?
We're pretty much done.
I'll tell you one thing.
Zach learned from me, man.
Nobody can either gigantic meal on the air
without anybody knowing it like me.
I mean, I could eat probably 60, 70 pounds of food.
Nobody would even know it.
Just a grilled chicken sandwich for me today.
With the bread?
Yes, on a hokey.
On a hokey.
Do you have any idea now?
Are you diabetic?
I am not.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
When you better savor the taste of that bun, Mr. OK?
I'm trying.
Better savor it.
Roll your tongue around.
You're by cuspids a little bit if there are any like crumbs left in there.
I'm sorry.
Hey, Josh, read me again.
We're first.
Because today's Comet, man, it's just a method.
It's not a question of if it's a question of when.
I just, I don't want to like sound like the voice of doom and gloom.
It's a holiday weekend.
I want everybody to be a great mood.
But I'm just telling you right now is a fat old diabetic myself.
It ain't no fun, Mr. OK?
So what would the other need the bun for?
Would you eat a hokey?
I just thought that it was like a sandwich.
Yeah.
Well, how about a sandwich without the bread?
We got to learn how to do that.
It wouldn't be a sandwich, then.
Oh, yeah.
It's your wood.
Like when you go to Wendy's, in fact, a lot of the Wendy's will even do it.
They'll do it for you.
They just put the sandwich in the tinfoil.
They wrap the tinfoil out without the bun.
And you use the tinfoil as like a holder.
Like in Germany, when they get the popcorns on those little tiny buns, in fact,
some places in Germany like in Berlin, they don't even get put it on the bun.
They put the bun next to it.
And what the Germans do is they eat a piece of the bread, then they take a piece of the meat,
and they get like the, you see what I'm saying?
Yeah.
They chew it in the mustard, and that's it.
So if you're a fat diabetic like me, just throw the bun away, and just eat that nice meat.
And good bratwurst.
And that's what you ought to be thinking about right now.
Say goodbye to bread.
Bread sucks.
Who now cares about bread, right?
Yeah.
Although I didn't have dinner last night at the fine-tangular restaurant,
and I didn't have two slices of bread with butter.
It was pretty good.
560, 705, 60, 560.
Just remember, okay, Zach, don't do as I do.
Do as I say.
Keep that in mind.
Right?
I'm taking my...
Like Dr. Bush, my sir would say.
Don't do as we do, the Nazi bun.
Just do as we say, or else.
Come into QA and hello.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Well, real quick.
I love bread, but anyway.
I saw staff Fahrenheit twice, and I wanted to say, I wish I had any get to it when your
poll came out, but I just was kind of shocked.
I looked at the poll that you did on, you know, what was your take on the movie.
Over half of the people that responded to your poll had not seen it yet.
I just thought it was kind of shocking for your audience.
Yeah, but that was Monday.
I mean, it was only out two days or two or three days up until Monday.
Three days?
Well, you know, but I went.
When I went on a Sunday afternoon in dead community retirement camera act, every show was sold out on a Sunday afternoon.
Three or five, four or five or five o'clock.
I'll take a look at this.
I think you make a good point.
I think we'll repeat that poll tomorrow.
Because I'm looking for easiest poll suggestions this week.
We'll do it again tomorrow because now they've had a whole week to digest it and see it and whatever.
And we'll put a few other choices on there, but we'll do it again tomorrow.
Yeah, you know, and the other thing is, you know, as the Washington movie times, I'm not going to forgive you.
I didn't see it.
I was like, you know, when you said the lady who asked for something for the night, yeah, personally watching her, I might just get a little over the top.
And then I thought about it.
This woman called Michael Moore.
This woman obviously, I see this movie before.
This woman wanted a country to see grievance toward this government and toward the military action.
And so I just had a lot of people going, always a little over the top, was a little biased.
It was a little, yeah, you know what it was.
It reinforced the question, what the hell are we doing there in our own government, our own inquiries, our own judicial boards, our own investigations.
There are already come on set.
There's no length and we're still there.
I don't still laugh at the line for our teeth right now.
And why in the hell are we 48% to 48% on this election right now on the polls?
I don't grasp it.
I guess I guess so far enough that this.
Wait till Carrie wakes up man, then you're going to see some action.
He sure is so better.
Neil, keep falling in love with you man.
Thanks a lot, pal.
You know what I do like is a good onion roll.
I mean, I see, I try to convince myself that I don't like bread.
I'm not crazy about bread.
Like in facet, we say, you love bread.
I like bread, but you love bread.
Remember that scene you didn't see facet.
I love bread.
You don't see a facet?
You got garlic bread?
Oh yeah, I love garlic bread.
And I like black bread.
Right?
Right bread?
White bread?
No, no.
White bread is poison man.
Now if you're eating white bread, in that case I'm really going to get pissed off.
Don't, I mean, we're not going to be able to get one bread in a couple of different ways.
That is garbage.
It's nothing but sugar.
It's like sugar water.
White flour man, it's all it is.
Just crap.
In addition to which if you're diabetic, you can actually eat a little bit of white bread or black bread
because the dark bread isn't like that.
It doesn't say your blood sugar is soaring the way that the other things like that,
hoagie roll that you ate man.
Your blood sugar rate has probably about 545.
Probably why I'm twitching right now.
Yeah, that's why his body is twitching.
Kind of like Pilar on passions.
He's twitching.
Poor Pilar.
She's the one that keeps praying all the time and all the bad things seem to happen to her.
I wonder if there's a message in there.
You don't watch passions though because it's a you're too much of a guy.
Just like the same reason you don't play slot machines.
So you win the one at $2 million and think it's like that guy did.
That's a real fortune.
I'll play slots if it makes me eat.
That whole baloney if I, I mean you guys are so easy.
Oh no real men play crap.
Real men play blackjack.
Real men go to the sports book and plunge their guts up.
I mean I've done all of those things.
But if I'm going to go in the throw my money away, I'm going to go doing it and do what I enjoy doing it right?
Absolutely.
So if you're going to a restaurant, I say oh well the best thing on the menu here is whatever.
It's choice A. You know but I don't like choice A. I'd like choice C.
And maybe I'm one of only 10% of the people coming you will like that.
What do I care?
It's like those people that were like the people giving me crap about my taste in music.
So I'm an old funny daddy fart.
But that's the music I like.
I've got a pretty good taste in music for an old fart.
Not for a young punk.
Just like when I hear them playing a rap crap on the rejoins there and in Joe is going,
hey you guys are secretly like no I don't like it.
I don't know anybody who wants to hear vanilla ice ever again.
I might like a little vanilla ice.
I like those Italian ice is pretty good on a hot day.
Yeah cool off.
Try it.
Try it.
You're going to grow on it.
Do you like vanilla ice?
Get out of here.
Crazy.
Crazy person.
That's music?
Yeah.
Swill.
Anyway, what if I tell my grandmother about kills a good time here though today I'm really proud of it.
The White House dot com pornography website which poke fun in its government namesake with parody sections about first ladies and interns has been script of all political references.
How do you like that?
Oh my gosh.
It's owner Dan Perisi.
I wonder if he's related to JP Perisi used to be a big an NHL.
Good day.
Dan Perisi.
Do you remember JP Perisi?
Sure.
You don't know Ed Bell for you don't know Joe Nguyen Dyke.
You don't know from Gary Roberts?
I know the first two.
Do you?
No one Dyke.
And Eddie Bell for you.
You don't know Gary Roberts?
Gary Roberts.
I do not know.
Number seven.
Oh that Gary Roberts.
Toronto make believes.
Now I remember.
Perpetually injured just like Joe Nguyen Dyke.
Just like Owen Nolan.
Perpetually injured.
Owen Nolan.
That's you don't know Owen Nolan number 11.
Make believes formally San Jose sharks.
That's right I forgot.
Let's do some hockey talk.
It's owner Dan Perisi of New York and we did the changes to comply with the recent
running by the US Penn and trademark office.
Granting his website a potential phrase.
See what I'm trying to do is I realize the summer schedule starts on Monday.
So I've only got now less than six hours left before I go into that almost being
invisible kind of mode.
And I'm sure the Eric will put the summer schedule on there if and when he ever gets around
to it when he gets some of his feelings right sometimes.
Right.
So in other words I have a lot of talking to do between now and to the end of the show tomorrow
because then it's like bye bye for a while.
I mean you know Tuesday and Thursday I show up into the show a couple days a week
but that's almost like not even being around right.
Absolutely.
I think you should grab line six.
What is that?
Let's say it's been on hold for over two hours now.
What do you mean it's been on hold or what?
Somebody Q.I.M.?
How you doing Neil?
Pretty good even call him for two hours?
Yeah well I came up with a poll so I wanted to put my suggestion.
Oh well thank you again you're right good.
Zack must be psychic.
The whole Joe and Mark the asko.
Joe and Mark, blowing Joe and firing Joe and Mark excellent choice.
Okay.
And then again for this is a fabulous poll.
Okay I have a question about how is Stern.
What's the stop to sky where we're got where we're fired the complaint with the FCC from doing it again?
Absolutely nothing.
Okay.
Even though he may not live in Palm Beach County which we know he doesn't,
he can always sit around in a hotel room in Boca or whatever in his car
and make tapes and take notes because that's the kind of crap that these people do.
So good luck to them.
Okay Neil take it.
Thanks pal I great poll.
firing Joe and Mark you got him my good friend Joe Castello and a very good guy Mark Eisenberg
who didn't belong in the air but a good guy.
We got so many of those of mine you know good guys who just don't belong on the air.
And look for the guy who says it's for real fight.
Oh!
Thank you.
And no a word from Howard Dean's wife.
Hi, Joe there.
I'm Dr. Julius Steinberg.
Why if a presidential candidate's Howard Dean?
You can call me Judy.
Not Judge Judy.
That's a different knee skirt.
People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard.
Hey did you get a good look at me in Iowa?
I scared a crap out of myself.
I make crap out of this and I look like a shane of tuna.
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much heat.
Anyway how is exactly where I showed up these numbers drop it.
No I say that's a bunch of mischievous for those of you who don't the capista yet
is that means crap.
How is a good guy though he's watching my call and loose cannon.
He's got a pretty bad temper on him.
I remember one time one of our kids we left the cap off of the toothpaste.
I thought he was gonna blow a gasket.
The veins popped out in his head and that light spit strings were going in the corners of his mouth.
Even for sugar I spent 23 years with the shaggits.
Most of the time he's a wrench but on occasion I hate him.
I think my husband how he would make for a very good president.
One of the things I'm a little peeled about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV.
I got a black section of the city.
I got a schlepped down to campaign headquarters.
What's up the crovers to watch on some tiny black and white set.
I have never seen any program in color so I'm no Jackie Kennedy.
Well if you look at me I'm no Ted Kennedy.
I don't wear makeup.
I'm like a whisker away from being amish.
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign.
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints.
Anyway, Gazagazone that's here this for Dr. Judith Stadenbite.
Oh right now.
Thank you for by the committee to elect John Kerry President.
1218 and 560 WQ that was one of the best things Kerry did.
I'll tell you that right now.
What's that?
A sponsor that ad.
Once we saw Dr. Judy Dean that was it was not to make your screen.
Howard Dean the former Democratic presidential hopeful
who attracted leasons of liberal followers before his bid to allow.
Will the rate independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader for 90 minutes July 9th before a studio audience.
I can't wait to see that.
Let's see July 9th is what?
We come tomorrow right?
Yes.
Next Friday.
National public radio is weekly program justice talking is sponsoring the debate and press fund and Margot Adler will moderate.
One of her shoes came to Marty Adler and wins her raceway.
Dean is been urging his supporters not to vacnator but to stay within the Democratic pool and vote for him.
And then he said to John Kerry a message to us.
Yeah.
If you ever wait so.
I mentioned to debate Ralph Nader in order to speak about why he wants to run for president.
Dean said in the statement this is the most important election in my lifetime.
And a third party candidate could make a difference.
This November and for years to come.
Many Democrats of course blame Nader for out words 2000 to feet.
We don't want to blame Hugh Lieberman.
We don't want to blame Jeff Bush and Catherine Harris and Theresa Lapura and Pat Buchanan.
It's a lot easier to blame Ralph Nader.
Which he's got a big part.
And you idiot said vote for Nader.
Shame on you.
You maniac.
You lunatics.
God.
People are something.
Most people have voted for Nader in Florida in 2000.
And anywhere else in the country, but especially in Florida.
They have blood on their hands.
This is an opportunity to discuss how to reinvigorate our democracy by providing voters with more choices and voices
rather than our anemic two party corporate duopoly.
Nader said in the statement.
And speaking of Nader.
See I'm getting a little bit newsy now.
Yes you are.
Wow.
It's OK.
We've d-we've d-we've d-viled around long enough.
Now it's time to save the world.
Let's do it.
Efforts by two conservative groups.
Now present and pushed by getting independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader on a ballot and a keep battleground state Oregon.
Prompted and complained to the Federal elections commission yesterday by a liberal watchdog group.
All right.
Citizens for responsibility and ethics in Washington.
Crew said phone banks encouraging Bush supporters to attend the Nader nominee convention last Saturday.
Amanded to an illegal incontributions to the Nader campaign by the Oregon family council.
Code for right wing Nazis and Oregon citizens for a solid economy.
Bush's re-election campaign in the Oregon Republican Party were also named to the complaint for allegedly participating in the effort.
The complaint alleges the groups work together to promote Nader and second potential votes away from Senator John Currie.
Melody Sloan executive director of crew said the two groups thrown on profit are still considered corporations.
And corporations are strictly prohibited from making contributions to political campaigns.
Let me say it again.
Corporations are strictly prohibited from making contributions to political campaigns.
No state permission.
I key got it.
Yep.
Now you speak fluent Spanish, don't you?
Sure I do.
While the Bush campaign had no immediate comment, Nader spoke some in Kevin Zeese called the allegations absolute nonsense.
He said, Zeese is a bunch of crap.
We didn't work with any Republican groups or any corporations or nonprofits trying to get these people to come to our Ben Zeese said.
We reached out to our constituency and get our people, I would say, or so on.
To get on the ballot, the Nader campaign has to get the signatures of 1,000 registered voters in one day,
or submit 15,000 signatures to a state wide on Saturday.
Nader supporters held a convention, importantly, to try to get the necessary signatures,
while more than 1,000 1100 people attended the signatures and else stood being verified.
So it's unclear if the effort was successful.
I hope that Howard Dean tears him an ass.
Next Friday.
What could that be?
That would be nice.
Howard Dean, of course, now he's got nothing loose, so we could just go nuts.
We're going to South Carolina, and Oklahoma, and Arizona, and North Dakota, and New Mexico.
We're going to California, and Texas, and New York.
We're going to South Dakota, and Oregon, and Washington, and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington, and you see the take-back of White House?
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Oh!
What's not to like, right?
I did do the break at 10 after 9.
You did?
Oh, boy.
I must be losing it.
I didn't cross it out.
I get really panicky, but I don't cross it out.
I think, geez, are we getting way behind like that?
Of course, if we get way behind it, it's good, because then we do like super-expectabac.
All right.
Churchgoers get direction from the Bush campaign.
Oh!
The Bush-Chainy Re-Election campaign is set a detailed part of extra-religious volunteers across the country,
asking them to turn over church directories to the campaign,
to distribute issue guides in their churches, and persuade their pastors to hold voter registration drives.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God!
Camping official said the instructions are part of an accelerating effort to mobilize President Bush's base of religious nut supporters.
They said the suggested activities are intended to help churchgoers rally support for Bush,
without violating tax rules that permit churches from engaging in partisan activity.
Oh, they wouldn't do that, would they?
No.
Pat Robertson wouldn't be doing that.
Jim and Tammy, if they wouldn't do that back in the day, right?
No.
And of course, don't forget Paul and Jan Crotch.
We strongly believe that our religious outreach program is well within the framework of law that Terry Holtz posted on the Bush-Chainy campaign.
But tax experts said the campaign is walking a fine line.
Here we go again.
These are the people that brought more elevating ethics back to Washington,
a fine line between permissible activity by individual congregants, and permissible activity by congregations.
Supporters of John Kerry, they always say the presumptive democratic nominee, what kind of crap,
charged that the Bush-Chainy campaign is lowering churches into risking their tax status.
I think it is sinful of them to encourage passes and churches to engage in partisan political activity
and run the risk of losing their taxes and status.
Steve Rosenthal sounds like a yid to me.
Oh, boy!
She's the executive officer of America coming together, a group working to feed Bush.
Steve Rosenthal, got it?
God.
I want a piecekin to micro-senthal.
Oh, it's a mistake.
You made a mistake.
The hurricane's there had four to two years to make a mistake.
You didn't know my corrosion's all there.
Fine.
Nope.
Well, if you talk to the beast, he'll tell you in.
He'll tell you in.
He'll tell you all the details on my corrosion's all.
You probably know Jay-Roye keeps though.
I do.
There you go.
They both just turn 80 and they're still doing their thing.
Rosie is still out there keeping scored all the hurricane games,
and Jay-Roye keeps is still doing his PA there.
Oh, brother.
That's something.
I love it.
Of course, I guess if you were the heir to the Rokaiya pickle fortune,
you wouldn't have to worry about it either.
He's part of that family, do you know that?
I did not.
Well, you had Rokaiya pickles, haven't you?
I don't think maybe.
Yeah, maybe.
Get out of here.
When you go to the supermarket, you've been in public.
You've been in Windixia.
I hope not.
You've been in public, like I said.
It's my favorite place.
And you go, now, don't you want to go into pickles?
Be careful now.
I do like pickles.
I'm sure.
Who don't like to be a pickle?
Even Josh, you're going to go like him likes pickles, right?
Yeah.
Sure.
What's not to like?
And if you look, Rokai EACH is a very popular brand of pickles.
And that's the word Jay-Roye keeps his family.
CCA Lynn, something I'll read today.
Who said that you handled on this show?
Tell that mo-bastard.
Absolutely.
It's very educational, the show.
It is a very educational show.
We learned all kinds of crap today.
I learned how to clean my CD player.
And you're saying, right?
And I also had to clean the CD.
Oh, that was scary.
I mean, I may be a little bit slow, but Jesus got all my-
prescription drug makers rip off Americans, well, as if we don't know.
Let's do it.
Drug makers raise prescription prices by nearly triple the rate of inflation in the first few months of this year.
Just before Medicare began its pharmacy discount card program,
negating much of the savings the government promised the seniors,
according to an AARP survey released yesterday.
How do you like the old bait and swish?
It's kind of like those like the betting thing we talk about in the dark.
And I just spotted under the double the price and they say,
we're giving you 50% off.
What a deal.
Prices rose by 3.4% among the top 200-name brand.
Drug law inflation general was only 1.2% in the first quarter.
It tracked the price's pharmaceutical companies charge drug wholesitters.
Most of the top 10 selling drugs increased more than the average,
led by bristle, virus, squibs, platymics, which I take.
Oh my God, how do you like that?
They just go in after me.
First it was Howard Stern, now it's me.
Oh, boy.
That's what they're doing.
Price of the blood thinner.
The price of the blood thinner in its already expensive as hell.
The price of the blood thinner increased by 7.9% to 35% of any member AARP said,
how am I going to afford to keep my blood thin if they keep boosting it?
Merk and company raised the price of Phosomax for osteoporosis by almost 5%
while the most popular forms of celibrex, a pain reliever,
and cholesterol reducing lipitor, both made by Pfizer increased by 5% and 4.6% respectively.
Manufacturers are offsetting discounts with prices that are higher
than they otherwise would have been John Rother, AARP's policy director said at a news conference.
In other words, they rip it off your ass.
They give you a big solid and anant to big promise,
oh, we're going to give you a discount charge, Yadda, and then he boosted up.
And then you get to discounts right back where it was in the first place and maybe a little bit higher,
just to make sure.
How's our pool coming out?
I'm under Joe and Mark are going to get much action on here, you think?
Probably not.
But now what do you say that?
It's almost like old news to a point here, to listeners.
Well, the OJ Golf Tournament was an old news?
Well, you're real fired up about that.
Hiring Moe Howard, David?
Don't do it, don't do it.
Is an old news? I mean, you can't get much older than Moe.
That's amazing things that I'm a year older than he is and yet.
Somehow, even I look at him as a stodgy old fart, I don't understand that.
I'm not gonna be as close as a stodgy old fart with a bad hair piece.
Anyway, the Hiring Moe Howard, David, I'm in 47.
They can't touch you, Moe.
Breaking up the first team, 1-21.
Firing a shot for Ralph, 106.
OJ, at the Golfrimans, moving up past 92.
We hate you for that, Greg.
You and screw in and that bitch the water, Nasi.
We hit all three, okay?
We hope that somebody's poison your sushi.
Release peas on it.
Not firing George Rodriguez, 76.
Keeping guilty on the air, 50.
He's slowly but surely climbing that ladder to this spare.
Hiring Scott for World 26.
Usen, Joseph Gecki is a full in 23.
Putting the big, oh, on the air, 22.
Putting the crow on the air, 18.
Talking, what is it?
Talking sports on the air for an hour after 9-11, 60.
That's gonna move up big.
Hiring the Arranger's 13.
I got lucky 13 like Matt Sundin and Dan Marino.
Putting the crow on the air, 5.
The QM Auction 3 and 4 Joe and Mark only got 3 if I were in Joe and Mark.
Firing a shot.
And look all the cases for a trail fight, 15.
You ain't gonna get to do it.
I like cold thought, food, doos, pells.
I take a stunt and they best weld.
It is cheap, slid on big shells, that's my fault.
This crazy nut has gone too far.
He drives off Batman for the car.
He has tanks with a Cuban cigar.
So great.
That's Michael Jackson.
Just a bit of free land, so don't be afraid.
Yeah, great stuff for kids.
Do not take to this great league.
He's fed a 150G to bring three words out to with me.
He should have thought it goes so he could sleep.
He's a show load on things.
I'm a Batman holy young, valentine, say what was it?
And I'm crazy, got a little winky.
Yeah!
Profferty 2, 28-1.
I don't think we're going to do that for an I-9-11 pull.
I just was inspired by the Sunn by Sun TV.
It was an ad for one of those compilation CDs, music CDs.
Brian Wilson was on it.
They showed a clip of Brian and Carl Wilson.
Carl Wilson is the deadbeat boy or one of many.
Who is the better alive, tragic celebrity of all time?
Even with all his success and all his brilliance in writing all of that music,
and making the music, and lots of them while touring when he wasn't in bed with his teddy bear,
tragic.
And then of course his relationship with Karney Wilson and she ballooned up to even bigger than Zach,
which is saying a lot.
But the majority was telling me last week she's ballooning up again.
She's pulling with Josh Friedman.
She lost all of that weight.
I didn't, didn't she also because I saw her on biography a couple weeks ago?
Didn't she do the liposuction or not?
No, she did the stomach stapler.
She lost all of those hair.
She lost all of that weight.
Oh my god, about a thousand pounds.
30,000 pounds.
And now after looking really slim and trim, the rumor I'm hearing is she's like,
I'm broken up again.
She found the fridge.
Yeah.
Just like Sarah in a record, she found the key of the fridge.
You saw that, right?
That movie scares me so much.
And why is that?
The ending of that movie.
Oh god.
Music, right?
Yeah.
And Miguel said he didn't like it.
I love to show you how one dimensionally is.
I mean, because the del wasn't in it.
There were no Cubans in it.
Probably a few weekends in the background.
Maybe I'm cinnamon and drug deal.
What a great movie.
The movie was great.
The ending was just the, I cannot believe it.
The ending.
No, I really couldn't.
It was just like thinking like the worst possible thing that could happen.
Yeah.
And having everybody.
Oh.
Just keep in mind if your armament ever starts to be a problem like that.
I'm going to go see a doctor.
Yeah.
Let's put a ball on the game on the way up.
Because you only have my replicas of like going into a ball and broke it.
That's the leading music.
Yeah.
Love it.
Honey, you're here.
I don't want to pick on a Marlins, but they are under 500 since they're 8 and 1 start.
What is it?
33 and 36 something like that?
Yeah, but they're still type of first.
Let me say it again.
They're not really playing that well.
There are three games under 500.
I don't want to pick on them, but I'm just saying.
I mean, they're type of first only because, and I told you earlier, I said it's a crappy division.
How could you say that?
It's a crappy division.
The Philly's suck.
The Philly's suck.
The Braves really suck.
They're a shadow of their former self.
Oh, come on.
The Philly's been gagging and choking lately.
Are you kidding me?
The Philly's had to be 5 games up if the words for the fact that they're gagging on it.
They're scoring like 12 runs a game.
And still losing.
Did they win yesterday?
Yeah, like 17 to 2 or something.
Yesterday or something they'd be 4.
That might have been the day before.
They'd be 4.
They're lost last time.
If they would have won, they'd be a game ahead.
Well, they caught back up to us.
Mr. Marlin expert.
If they would have won, they'd be in a game ahead.
Instead, they're like a percentage point ahead, right?
They tied.
For child, yeah.
Speaking of sports, we don't want to start doing sports stuff.
But this fact's here.
This is a part of the problem.
This is the D-fo syndrome all over again.
Any time you'd say something about hockey to D-fo, it started.
Oh, gone porously at any Jackam and talking about names from 100 years ago.
And that's a software that got amongst our old parts.
Who all they knew about hockey was 80 years ago and Johnny Bauer was a baby.
Things like that.
I'm just reading this.
I'm not even going to dignify it with a response.
This is so pathetic.
An old hockey nerd.
Are you familiar with late 50s, say, who was Blues?
Who was the best player?
Red Barrett's in, by the way, went to Michigan Tech.
Frank Prasemar, say, who I never heard of.
Terry Crisp was an awful, a color man, by the way, in the National Telecast.
Glenn Hall, who used to puke before every game, or Jacques Plahn.
Jake the Snake, who did.
And where does Gary Unger wait in history?
Probably is one of the blonde players.
Jacques Plahn, there was a guy.
Jake the Snake.
He was the first to go lead to where Maskin and Game knew that, didn't you?
Oh, yeah.
And Glenn Hall used to puke before every game.
Chicago Black Hockey.
That's it.
Don't bother me with hockey anymore.
OK, I love it.
But nobody here knows from a hockey.
They made it.
They can't stand it.
Next thing, you know, we'll be putting on the Spangler Cup.
It actually, what they splendid job to come back and come to have.
Now, if that doesn't do it for you, we've got World Junior Hockey.
I'm Terry O'Koon for seven on the power play.
How do you like that?
That was much.
Here it is.
It's the first of July, and we're still a hockey intensive here in Canada.
They're obsessed with it, man.
It's in their blood.
It's in their corn flakes.
It's in their Canadian bacon, eh?
Which, quite frankly, I'd rather be around people who obsessed with hockey than people obsessed
with like, problems and things like that and blowing people up.
I believe it.
I got a great, we've got some bandwidth stuff on our website today.
If I do say that, can I say, Dan?
Oh, we got some Dan Good stuff on our website today.
Christopher Dickey, dictator and waiting.
Meet our son of a bitch in bag there.
That's the headline.
I'm only going to read.
I don't want to read a whole long thing here, okay?
I'm too lazy for that.
But just a couple of paragraphs to like, what your appetite, so you go to theorodges.com
and you're through looking at pictures of Josie Moran.
Eric, I don't want to let Eric down because he went to the trouble of finding out when she
was born and I forgot all about it.
May 8th, 1978.
So she's not 20.
She's 26 last time I checked.
Yep.
But that's okay.
That wouldn't affect that it only makes the cheese more binding, I guess.
That's a fine picture, Josh.
That was a fine, fine.
I agree.
Yeah.
Flulless.
So after you threw up purses in that, look at this there by Christopher Dickey of MSNBC,
dictator and waiting.
Meet our son of a bitch in bag there.
He says, Iraqi don't grow bananas, but why should that keep the Bush administration from
feeding her back like a banana republic?
The overwhelming impagency about the appacian, the obliviousness to what's thought of as
a native culture and the tendency to trust only those folks who know how to talk and act
and make us think like they think like us.
Hey, that's the way we've been coming and going in the fever ports of Central America and the Caribbean from
all over the century.
So too, the handover of paper sovereignty yesterday, meaning on Tuesday or whatever it was,
would took place Monday ahead of schedule and in some high-sequencey as if the parting pro-console
Paul Brimmer was embarrassed by what he'd done for the last year or afraid of his life or both.
Let freedom reign President Bush wrote in the margins of kindlelies as handwritten note about
handover, but is this any way to treat a great sovereign nation?
Left in charge, as Prime Minister is a smooth-talking former bathist, Ayad Allawi
groomed an exile by the CIA since the early 1990s.
Unlike his erstwhile rival, Ahmed Chalabi, who was groomed by the defense department,
but always remained a bit too much of the widely oriental gentleman for American public taste,
Allawi comes across as more of a regular guy, maybe than a potential golfing partner.
He understands what the Americans want and as long as we're behind him with our troops and our brilliance,
he may be able to get it. But let's not pretend he's a nascent Democrat even if he manages to hold some
cosmetic elections. Allawi is best understood as the anointed dictator in waiting.
His job is to do whatever it needs doing to impose order on the current chaos,
martial law, ruthless repression, you name it. With American firepower to back him up,
he's more than ready to take the blame for any rough stuff. Allawi's defense minister proudly
vows to chop off the hands and heads of terrorists, as Franklin Roosevelt is supposed to have
an infamous Nicaragua indictator. He's the son of a bitch, but at least he's our son of a bitch.
Kind of like Sodom used to be before we decided we didn't like him normal, right?
We gave him back.
You know, one of the things in the movie, and of course I already talked about it on the year and read about it
in several of the books, the scene where Ryan the immediate aftermath of 9-11,
two days later, and they show the White House and we know that Bandar Bush is in there having dinner with W.
And they show after dinner they show that they're on the balcony.
You know, actually we've had pictures of that in some of the books, but you see a, was it recreation or was it like for real?
Where he was, where he was?
A cigar I think.
Yeah, he was smoking a stowty and friggin' some fine wine, Bandar, freakin' bush. That just frosted my fat ass.
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh
oh, so orbit is coming for you. Hey, hey, hey! Oh, so the
Make it everyone, Ralph Nade is gonna make everyone uptight
Well he can't get it, but the outcome's a fact in front
All Ralph Nade's keeps on running
It's a Jimmy Crest party, it's a really small minute
He's Ralph Nade's keeps on running
1245 at 560 W.C.M. that's all good too, Eddie K. for the Hanford Fourth
Are we gonna make our thousand or what?
866 votes, oh yeah, we got like probably 850 by the end of the star
We can do it, we can make a thousand by them, they during the show
And considering it's the first of July and it's the July Fourth holiday weekend
I'm pretty impressed by that and I'm not impressed too easily, you know?
Zyke is even impressed and he's not really paying much attention because he's a...
He's kind of like half snoozing after a big big lunch or two
Nice again to how he's really loving it, but just don't do that big thing to me again next time
Okay, but you now you saw the thing that I'm assuming that Troy Stranford had you facts that thing to me he didn't do direct
Yes, oh boy
Hey Troy, I love you Troy, but the answer is no
I mean that's really, did you see what it was all about or did you not saw it?
But do you know what that is?
No, I don't
Hypnosis
Oh, yeah, hypnosis, now maybe that might work for you
Right now it'll be great
Yeah, well I'll try to work on it, I'll read some more bedtime stories that should do the trick
Perfect
This one is perfect, Mr. let's see Mike Shannon writes
Mr. President please seek help
He says there's a very sound reason why so many people believe George Bush to be a simplistic ill-informed shallow little man
That is because he is a simplistic ill-informed shallow little man
He is when all is said and done so undeniably devoted to characteristics of what a true inspirational visionary leader normally possesses
That is that has been said many times before including on numerous occasions by this author
If Mr. Bush's last name was Jones he'd be lucky to win the mayor or race in Crawford, Texas
But he was born a Bush with all the advantages that twist the fate and doubt him with
He is managed to take the Peter principle they heard to for unimagined heights
While at Anchorow Turkey this week for a series of meetings with our NATO partners
He once again took the opportunity to showcase for all the world of sea
His utter unworthiness for his high office by making a comment so enane
that if any other world figured made such a comment there would have been an ensuing firestorm of astonished indignation
But because Mr. Bush has made so many of this type of idiotic statements that hardly an eyebrow was raised
He accomplished this beat while advocating the admission of Turkey in the Eastern and to the European Union
A proposition that has a great deal of merit
However because of some resistance to the idea especially from the French Bush felt he needed to add some fuel to his rhetorical fire
He did so by making the following declaration
Including Turkey in the EU would prove that Europe is not the exclusive club of a single religion
There are so many things wrong with that statement that it's difficult to accurately gauge the depth of ignorance behind it
If he meant by this single religion Catholicism I can understand if he's not up to speed on the differences between the Greek or the Orthodox and Roman variation of the Catholicism
The dogmatic variations are a trifle esoteric but this demand really think that the Holy Roman Empire is still calling the shots on the continent
Or that the papers to the Europe still mindlessly dance to the Vatican's tune
And is it really possible that this Yale University of the educated man missed the Protestant reformation entirely?
Even if we throw the guy alive and assume that he meant Christianity is a single monolithic religion
He's still so far off base that it's embarrassing to think that our tax money pays this guy to say these things
Are we to believe that he's unaware that Judaism has been an integral part of the European community for millennium?
Without the nations of Europe has been home to six Buddhist Muslims, Taoist, Agnostics, Atheist, and Inherents of every other
Religious and non-religious way of explaining the unexplainable known to humanity for centuries? Does he really think that everybody is a white Anglo-Saxon Protestant?
This idiocy caused to mind another wapper he uncoorked a few weeks ago
Only is one to believe that the answer to the aforementioned question is yes
This time Mr. Bush was trying to make the point that it is borderline racist for anyone to insinuate that the peoples of Iraq are not capable of forming a modern and well functioning democratic state
Ignoring, of course, that the citizens of the world's largest democratic state, India, share the same basic melanon levels as their Iraqi compag raise due to their ethnic backgrounds
He buttress this argument by noting that, and I'm partially paraphrasing, it's unfair to so denigrate people who are different color than we are
If that is the classic setup for the comeback, who's we white man? I don't know what is
Once again, we can give the guy a break and withhold ridicule for not knowing that there are a whole lot of black people in Brazil
But how could he possibly make a statement that it is base implies that everyone in the United States shares his skin color?
Obviously he knows that it isn't true, but at the same time, by making such a statement he seems to wish that it was
When Archie Bunker is the first American public figure of somewhat equitable level of exposure notoriety,
would make such a comment and open the nation's eyes to the other stupidity of racial and ethnic prejudice
Evidently, Archie's message was the tad too subtle for Mr. Bush
I think he's got his thumb right on it there, Mike Shannon
That couldn't be the same Mike Shannon, it's on a cardinal broadcast, could it?
It might be
You used to play a concert-based for the Cardinals?
Yeah, how do I jack fuck out here still dead?
Yeah, he is
Now let's see, Demolaphave
And then of course there's always
There's always that
567-0560, 0.560 on the 18th and 10th Verizon and Marlos Line
I'll tell you about it, maybe tomorrow because it's the 2nd of July
Uh-huh
And I would think I don't even know if dust coming into tomorrow
Because it's a holiday weekend and clearance is on vacation
And Greg, you can be damn sure that he's long gone, you know he'll be hereby out
Greg being in charge of it
Yeah, we'll be in charge of the place so Josh and Zach and I will be in charge of the show
We're going to play the unedited version of Kundalis in a more several times, right?
All right
And also kiss a Shiite good morning, might be not too bad
567-0560-560 on the 18th and 10th Verizon and Marlos Line
WDQAM, hello
I'm sure you're right, Demolaphase
Speaking
Neil
Yes, mentioned on the park where Bando has the Havans to go as we push
Yeah
Have some normal mentions that he's smoking a Cahoeva, a Cuban Cahoeva
And isn't that supposed to be illegal in this country?
Yeah, but not for Saudis though
But he's still in the white house
Right, but he can do whatever he wants
He's got the keys to the kingdom, baby
Oh, is that what it is?
In other words, if you're out enough money and enough oil behind you even smoke whatever you want, including the working weed
Even though we're boycotting them or whatever you want
You got them with them
Yeah, good point
That's all I could call it, that's only for a politics thing
Just to keep the old exiles happy, the most exilios down there in a little Havana
Just a panda to them and they ain't working too good no more
They're pretty pissed off at you W
That's where we had the other day that sounds pretty a little bit on the promising side
Very great
WQM, hello
Yes, is Miguel Escalbar and Promotions Director and Oxymar on?
Yes
I'm telling you, I got something for this station to absolutely free
I've emailed this clown, I've called this clown, he is the biggest ass
Yeah
That you could ever imagine
Why am I saying he's got the biggest ass?
I think Zaksia and Galen is the best of both
Oh, he's the Zagoff
Yeah, and
I think that's right Miguel
He's like, we like Miguel, okay, he's a fine guy, okay?
I mean, granted he's got all my Marlin tickets and I'm too happy about that
Aaron in Nashville says, oh, look at this
Oh my God, I heard you ripping Terry Chris from his days with Tampa Bay
Now, wait a minute, I want you to stink even though you weren't paying any attention
Didn't I say there's a terrible color job up there in Nashville doing a color on the games?
Yes
Right on the heels of that, I get a fact saying
I heard you ripping on Terry Chris from his days with Tampa Bay
I didn't say anything about Tampa Bay
Although I know he was the coach
Well, if you didn't know already, he's now the color guy up here in Nashville working with Pete Weber on the Predators games
We love him up here, but of course we're still new to hockey, of course, a bunch of Yahoo's
I've been listening for five years now, I love this show just don't bother with hockey talk
Because nobody would understand it
Aaron, thank you so much and you're still learning that game too
Like I said, he is a horrible color commentator
He's a Yahoo also sweet fits him like a rubber glove
Aaron being a Nashville, though he's got a lot of Yahoo
He's got a lot of things to overcome up there
They all come back now here
There's two kinds of people I'm not here in Nashville then from New York and Jews, you know
Wow
They're just a little bit clandest there in Nashville
They have a firmly a decent team and a thing that very trots is still the coach
Do you realize he's been the longest consecutive coach in the league?
Really
Very trots
Hot trots?
And they give it a hell of a shot there in the playoffs, too
They give everyone's a steer their life time, remember that?
I bet you were watching every game on the IJRC
Every game master
5670560, made me one player on Nashville predators, just one
Well, I asked me to name one
Well, the season's been over so long, you know
I mean Mike Dunham used to be the goalie but it's with the Rangers now
I can't, I just, there's a David, whatever his name is, number 11
I can't think of that, nobody looks like pretty good
But, uh, see, that's bad, see?
I don't know who's on that team
I don't even know Nashville Hattie
The Nashville predators?
Oh
And the Minnesota Vile?
You better get with him, mister, if you're going to be a sportsman
even a wondermole once you have that show, if you lose a big hockey man
I don't talk enough hockey for him, you know
WQN, hello
In Hill
Yes, sir
How come you only talk about things that you agree with?
Such as
And the Minnesota Vile?
Turn it up, turn it up for your live, pali
Okay, so get in here, get some vibrations from him, I mentioned Brian Wilson, this guy's one for good vibrations
How come you only talk about things you agree with?
Do you have an understanding?
This guy must be a bush-meisterer, a person
They must have come from the same school of illiteracy
Blow out your butt, pali, okay? Have a good time doing it
In fact, save it as a souvenir
WQN, hello
Hello, Nipo
Yes, sir, speaking
Listen, what, you know, I was reading something in newspaper, pali
Nobody said happy candidate day to me, they said, oh happy candidate day, thank you
I'm sorry, I got all about it, I flipped my mind
You know what the definition of a poms, these scammers, have you ever heard of that?
I heard a poms, I thought he was unhappy days
And he got chopped up, I didn't hang up on him
I don't know what that is, call back if you want to, because I was kind of interested in that
A poms, is it a scam?
Yeah
Some kind of a financial scam, I've heard of that, I've heard tell
I can't stand, Henry Winfrey
David, it'll come to me, okay? David, I'm trying to think of somebody on Nashville, say I'm giving you crap about it
I don't watch the Western Conference, I can't stand it
Oh, that's your excuse
No, it's just that I'm old and feeble, that's my excuse, what's yours?
I'm young and feeble
Young and feeble, and just you're identically fed
Now you lost an ounce of two cents I've been there or what, because when I come back, you would hang in there
Well, the beast I gave up on
Better and better be in a little bit better shape than the last time, the Humperman
He was just, and speaking of the Humper, you Mr. Assamad, you were going to do for me
So we're going to talk to Dave Hagen and get me the info more of that American Cancer Society thing
that Hank has raised in money for, and see if I could help
But I don't like my health, that's okay, because I don't like the charity
But it still is pretty embarrassing, I mean, if I didn't own, in fact, I wouldn't have made any comment at all
I just would have held my comment and written a nice check and sent it to the law
If somebody would have communicated with me, but I guess they didn't need my help, okay?
Just like Don Corleone said to what's his name? You didn't want my help, you didn't want to be in my debt?
You were afraid, remember?
That's right
Bonacetta
They were afraid of you?
Yeah, Bonacetta
1257 at 560 WQM, with the heat of the summer and war from what everybody's telling me, man, you could be roasting chestnuts right on the streets
Now is a great time to get out of that car you've been driving into a new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota Homestead
They run US 120 minutes south of the 36 and well worth the drive down there because they're going to save you so much cash
Literally thousands on great new Toyota's
With rising gas prices maybe you want to car with more fuel economy
The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just $119.90
Or lease it for just $209 a month
Need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate?
How about the Toyota Echo lease price? It's just $199.
Need a truck to V6 to a 10-degree regular cab can be yours for just $239 a month
If you're looking for the hottest new cars around the insurance company Corolla XRS and Solera convertible now in stock at Armstrong Toyota Homestead
Their service department is even open late to late every night to make sure your service work is done on week nights
And keep in mind that Armstrong Toyota Homestead was the first thing to do off your free tires and batteries for life
And now there's a first of all for your free replacement parts for life
That's correct, tires, batteries and free parts for life, nobody know where does that
So skip those mega theaters or give you a big song advance in life through their teeth
See David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota Homestead today for honest to goodness
Real deal and save you thousands on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota Homestead
That we sold him first time at Crescent Nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled
To get that oil flowing forget about Korea
There's no fair choice you have to write when you're streaming it over and over into our head
Daddy rock as a weapon for fastest ruckian
3,000 people killed are not forgotten let's exploit them instead
Hey there's oil to be counted so an after-centile to make it Osama there's no longer mention of the name in London
But no one seems concerned all of the uncomplacent believe in every word of this cartilet administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and us
Right when you're streaming it over and over into our head
Daddy rock as a weapons of master's direction
I'm dying on the hearth
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying
We're also specks now Nazi-Hash drop this thing
I have nothing I had cable offers all are saved
I don't be in cattle don't have any reservations
Southerned provokes battle and world annihilation
Hold your shoes must mall and have a version and so with no objection at all
Till the crack don't have the mall sandals
Right we is really good over and over into our brainwash
I have no right I rack as a weapon of master's direction
Only I rack as a weapon of master's direction
What else do I know the reason I play that don't you?
I do not because it was long
Oh perfect
And I've had a pee for like two and a half hours
Nice
I mean how can you go take a leak when you got the short brace like this
Plus I guess Josh is drop in some extra promos and stuff in there but I never know for sure
I know
So we try to explode it I figure I better place something a little on the long side
You know
Perfect
Anyway here's the fact that it says Greg reads bone-headed move
Maintaining the station's relationship as the single largest shield for the dolphin organization
Or contracted for an only recognizing horrible talent long after they're already on the ear
Or see
Imagine how Greg put Howard Stern as your lead and you want the markets to seem to to be him
Well JW didn't look at the things that you know
Okay
Thank the lord he didn't get Howard Stern on 6am to whatever
I can just tell you that right now you think you have something JW but you don't know squad
All these experts out there but it would be but about you shouldn't have fired from where
Which I don't just instill in this what is that?
Oh it's not
Grumped on the fourth place
See if you don't keep track
But it's a pretty good battle there see that
What do you think Greg reads biggest bone-head move at the last seven years has been hiring more Howard David at 170
Absolutely
Graking up the first team on 39
OJ at the golf tournament steadily but surely is climbing up the list 113
What it is Grace
Firing Scott Perrell tied with the OJ 113
Neil firing at war not firing your driver because that was a 14 step 87
Firing Joanne Mark now sees that you a little faith I told you
I was wrong
Very wrong you were so far off that I'm embarrassed for you even worse than even that hokey sandwich
It was so good
Firing Joanne Mark 56 as in Q56 you ought to be embarrassed
What's Joe coming back right on?
A year from Sukus
Keeping Goli on here 54
Wow
Talk about embarrassing
Talking sports on the year for an hour after 9-11 after the planes hit the buildings 34
There's still a lot of them but given scores and talking crap and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy
What should we look for?
Brother
Firing Scott Perrell 33
Putting the big OJ on the year 24
Using Josie Gaki as a fill-in
24 to fill in
Putting on the crow of 20
Firing the Arigis 14
Putting on the morning crew 5
At a queue of options holding out three out of 8-91
We need 109 more for a thousand piece of cake no sweat
I bet you Zach said straight up in the chair as soon as I said piece of cake
Cake
Here's one that says even if you don't read the whole article, drop out at last paragraph
14 children by 9 women oh my god it says here
Oh my god
NBA Hall of Famer Calvin Murphy was invited today on 6th concert of sexting of using 5 of his daughters more than 10 years ago
What a stand-up guy
Yeah I think he did it standing up
14 times
The 14
The former Houston rocket star who's on lead from his job as an analyst on rocket telecast also was on a
Way not three counts of aggravated sexual assault and three counts of indecency with a child assistant DA lines long said
But there's nothing like these jocks man I'll tell you
Jocks and next jocks they're the best
How'd she feel?
Calvin and Adam and Lee insist that he's innocent in these charges anxious to present his side to a jury to try out his attorney
Rusty Harden said careful
Harden said the indictment was expected is important for him to remember that the grand jury has not heard from Calvin or many witnesses on his behalf that insist that these allegations are absolutely untrue
Murphy initially with charge March 29 after five daughters accused him of sexually abusing them between 1988 and 1999 when they range in age
91 that is range in age from 6 to 13
Murphy 55 has continued the allegations stem from a family battle over money and explanation long as dismissed
You ran free on bail 20 grand but if convicted Murphy could receive five years to life in prison for the aggravated offenses and two to 20 years for indecency violations
He also could be eligible for probation because he has no criminal history now they're classy guy evidently
But don't prejudge now right?
No way
And look at this red barons in again this guy out of sex with red barons and okay
Maybe I'll give you a phone number okay you will fart God now speaking of Ponzi see the guy got cut off but I he peaked my curiosity because we're here to learn
Is that where we're here for?
No to learn to educate no Charles Ponzi that's the guy's name that started this whole deal and you know that?
I did not
W money in 90 days
Hey if I got a deal for you it says I can W money in just 90 days guaranteed nonsense you say what you don't trust me
I promise you that it can be done a man named Charles Ponzi delivered on such a promise back in 1920
Says this has to be some purpose gang will I be lying if I said that it wasn't put your money back in the back and you're not getting rich this week
Carlo Charles Ponzi was born in Parma Italy 1882
And then immigrated to the west in November of 1903
Over the next 14 years Ponzi wandered from city to city from job to job who worked as a dishwasher, waiter, store clerk, even as an Italian interpreter
In 1917 he settled back into Boston where he took a job acting and answering for and mail it was in Boston on that
Faithful day in August 1919 that Ponzi discovered the mechanism to make both him and his investors very wealthy
Oh this is this goes on forever
At the time Ponzi was considering issuing an export magazine he'd written a letter about the proposed publication of General Ed in Spain
And when Ponzi received his reply demanded including the international postal reply coupon
The idea behind this enclosure was quite simple Ponzi was to take the coupon it was local post office and exchange it
For American postage stamps he would then use those American stamps to send the magazine to Spain
Ponzi noticed that the postal coupon had been purchased in Spain for about one cent in American funds
And when he cashed it and he was able to get six American one cent stamps just think of the possibilities if you could do this
You could buy a hundred dollars worth of stamps in Spain cashed them in for six hundred dollars worth of stamps in the US
Then cash in or sell the stamps to a third party and you have well good old cash
You just can't get this kind of interest in the bank
Ponzi's mind quickly went into overdrive and divided the clever scheme to capitalize on his idea he was termed to be a rich man
So at any rate the audio that's how it started Carlo Ponzi in the Parma Italy
Just learn something else right?
Yep
Very informative although I wonder what that guy was talking about in regard to that it must have been about...
Be for something
5607-0560-0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQM hello
Neil how you doing?
Pretty good pali?
I got one for your poll
Yes sir
What about when they changed your time to nine o'clock?
Putting Neil on moving Neil's time slot excellent choice
Have a good day and you too that's a good one
Moving Neil's time slot
The disaster if it's not broke fix it
Mess around with it, dittle with it
I almost said something else, dittle with it
That's close
Close it right?
Yes close it right
Nothing wrong just get your roll up your sleeves and come in here and create problems
That's what great does best all managing them they're all the same
Just a matter of degree
Just a matter of how much the suit cost and what the hair color looks like
5607-0560-0.560 on the AT&T line WQM hello
Yeah you know that the article that Neil just read on the cabin very?
Yeah
If you put those two attorneys together you got to turn it long and hard
Okay great
Week
Remember tie harden?
No
Margin Lector
5607-0560-0.560 on the AT&T and Ferraris and wireless line
Well you talk about week
Week, why should I push it right?
Actually I make this isn't really well today
Why the hell should we push it in this hour?
Probably should just play the one or two comedy bits
How about you Q&H hello
Yeah now I have a poll question for tomorrow
Whether Goldies wheeler or a motor
Okay great, well let's go and find out
Absolutely
He's got the answers
5607-0560
Tom 560 on the AT&T and Ferraris and wireless line
Definitely a squealer in the morning
WQM hello
Yeah well I want to go to Neil
Speaking
Neil what's up?
How you doing?
I'm actually a long time listener
And actually not a long time
I just started listening to maybe six months ago
Since I was trying to take out the redo I love the show
But there's a couple of jokes that you have in the show
I just have questions about
You're fine
Like about very man
What's the deal with that one?
Ferteman
I'll tell you what I'm going to play the whole bit
That was taken from after the break and then you'll understand
Okay can I ask you a couple more?
Real quick
Okay let me just go ahead and ask them all
What's the story behind you and Mohawar Davy?
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
All of the people that come up and call you up
and they say that sound like that sound?
Yeah
Why do they do that?
Is there like a heated meeting behind that?
And why does everybody say to you that
if you're gay or not like
I mean it's quite, I don't know if it's private or not
What they're really trying to say is
I have no life
That's it
Okay I'll get to all of them, pal
I have a life they can also play a Bill Clinton song
So Mike, are you off 40 pounds?
Okay no problem, you see it, you rock
Okay, man
Actually, this life turned out to be like if we never knew spots
Too bad all the spots are in this hour
1114 at 560
If you've got spots on your head where they used to be here
if you've got like a big bald spot, that's the only spot of all
Am I right?
Absolutely
You bet
Chuck Altheary would like to do something for you
Everybody in their brother like they keep telling you
is running spots on his radio station around TV
They're everywhere trying to give you a song and a dance about
how they're going to make you look great with the head of hair
Forget about them
Because for more than 35 years, Charlie's been doing it for the rich
but not so rich for everybody in between
because he offered you the most amazing natural hair line system in the universe
Keep in mind the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline
and Charlie's skin-like hair system is 100% undetectable
Let me say it again, it is undetectable
And Charlie gives you this 30-day guarantee like the guy just said
But third man
After a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
If you're getting more action if your schoolteegers aren't born at you
return it for a full refund
Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems
usually while you wait including shampoo and trim
So forget about those other guys, forget about the pills, forget about the muskrat
Look, because that's out
If you want to look great younger and better than you ever dreamed again
You could call toll free 1-800-321-24-3
Check out all the words in there just on the survey in the right order, right?
Yes, sure
But who's counting?
1-800-321-2413
or check them out on the web at CharlesAlphere.com
I'm Michael
I'm his 420 and a 5-6
2-8-0
Get up
Alright, let's play who wants to be a millionaire
Pops daddy
Sitting in the chair
I'll call you a puppy
Yo, yo, man, yo, yo
Are you ready?
Yeah
Here's your $100 question
Finish this nursery rhyme
Alright
Hickory, dickory, blank
Is it A-Doc, B-Pier, C-Marina, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man
Is it $100 a question, man?
You're kidding me, right?
This is $100
For $100
Is it the million dollar question?
Well, this is the first one
It's only for $100
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a light one?
Yeah, alright, what do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience
The 50-50 and the phone a friend
Ask the audience
That's a lot of white people in here
That's 50-50, ain't gonna help me
Oh, you know, I'm gonna phone a friend
Got a phone a friend on the $100 question
Finishing the nursery rhyme
Yeah
Alright, who we gonna call, puppy?
Oh, my boy, old dirty bastard
Old dirty bastard
Yeah, dirty, we're gone
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line
And hopefully he can help you
Yo
Old dirty
Yeah, man
We just filled them from who wants to be a millionaire, how are you?
Hey
Got your friend here, puff daddy
Go dirty, what's that?
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
Alright, alright, uh, old
What's out here?
Old dirty, uh, puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here
On the $100 question
Hey, the first time, man
First question
And the next voice you hear will be his
He'll come on the line, he'll ask you the question
He'll give you four possible choices
Are you set?
Hey, man
Next voice you hear will be his
And 30 seconds begin some
What's out there, no?
You know, dirty, finish this off for me, alright?
Hey, man
Pickering, DICKERY, BLANK
Is it A-DUCK-B-P-A-C-MORINO
Or D-E-L-L-L-L-E
Oh, come on man, I don't have much time
I know this, man, I know it, I see this Pia
Pia, you sure?
I'm a butterty, man
There's a lot of money, man
Yeah, butterty
Alright, man, thank you very much
Hey, man
Times off, uh, old dirty, said Pia
You still have two lifeline's left, we are on the $100 question
You know what, Regist?
A full the audience?
No, I like the antiraciron
I like the antiraciron
Actually, no, there's only three lifelines of you, one you have two left
No, no, no, I get another lifeline
It's a brand new one to the game
And, uh, what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host
Puffy, you can ask the audience
I call it Shoot the Host
Puffy, you used to 50-50
Why, see it? It's a Puffy, it's DUCK, it's A
It's DUCK
My final answer is DUCK
It's DUCK
And it's not good one, you got to $100
Run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you
run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you, run you in a place that likes to argue clip, clips and slides, clips and slides and slides and facts.
Now what kind of a way is that to talk about my close personal friend Mark Morgan?
I Mark Morgan.
Now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M.
Also it says, I think that Tom Jickey on the year is very amateurish and not beyond the
radio.
Well I certainly agree with that.
In fact, even in his column he's very amateurish again.
I like him personally.
He's a good guy to track.
But as far as that column, the column he wrote on steering this morning.
Tommy, I know you're listening to the show.
I don't want to make you feel bad on the holiday.
But that was so weak.
And a 90% of that column was just written from the wire service's story.
It was really nothing in there except the fact that the buzz has got a weak signal and
everybody better watch out for the students coming back, so you'll close your ears and
all whatever.
It was very weak.
Just like that signal from the buzz that you won't hear in Dave County.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Let's take a look.
We're going to make that thousand most sweat, right?
949, it's only like about 20 after the hour.
949 votes.
What do you think Greg reads?
Biggest bonehead move.
He's our general man.
Of course, over the past seven years has been hiring.
Oh, how are you, David?
How are you?
How are you?
No matter how much we try in order to rehab him and like to polish up his image a little
bit, it just ain't working too good.
Not at all.
Breaking up, what did you say?
I thought you said the first team, 146, which led to all these other disasters.
Firing Scott Ferell, 122.
OJ at the golf course, right on Ferell's ass, you better watch it, Scott.
OJ Simpson is right on Scott Ferell's ass, how do you like that?
Interesting.
120.
Not firing George Rodriguez, 90.
You want to just love, like I said, picking on poor little Jorge.
Firing Joe and Mark's 66, keeping Gaudi on the year 54.
Parking sports for an hour after 9-11 after the plane hit 37.
That should be a much of a course.
Greg was busy with that finger in the hole and he probably didn't even know what was
going on.
Firing Scott Ferell 35, putting the big O on the year 25, the big O.
Using Josie's a fill in 24, putting the crow on the year 20, hey, they love the crow man.
Hiring the O'Roger's 15, that was a bad move for me.
Putting on the morning crew 6, the QA Marchion 3 and moving Neil's time slot so far has
got the big film.
Just get under a short time, don't have any.
Well, that's because we finally got it back.
How did we get it back?
See how all these, again, all those back has screwed up with the worst team.
Because almost everything that's on his list come with hiring Ferell, firing Ferell, moving
at time slot, it all had to do with that.
It had to do with accommodating a cranky old man who didn't want to work for four hours
because that was just beneath him.
So 6 to 10 was out of the question.
So we had to move me to 9 to 1 and then of course 5, you know, just pathetic.
In fact, it started 6 to 9.
I forgot all about that, right?
Mo and Geldy were 6 to 9.
And then of course that turned out to be a bigger bomb than Hiroshima.
So as a result, that's when Ferell came in and we got the 8 to 10 thing going.
And Daniel lost the license and stuff like that.
Little minor things.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th theme for Rise and World of Slime.
How many QA and hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing?
I'm going to do it.
What is it?
That would be him not as much as Rick.
What he just say?
Not just the reading, but the reading, it should have flashed his wrist.
Okay, whatever you say, sir, we say I'm a little bit nervous, but I never realized.
I think that's what he was trying to say.
I have no idea what that was all about.
Although we sure paid a watch to that, wouldn't we?
Oh, yeah.
That would be fun.
In fact, I can think a lot of people in the building would be like pushing you out of line
just to get to the front of the line for good seat.
26 after 1 at 5, 60 WDQM speaking of fact people's act.
Now, have you tried the Atkinson?
Have you done it?
Yes, I did.
I don't want to pursue it beyond that because of some of his just can't stay on atkinson.
And that's the reason we're talking about the lights all the time is because for people who can't stay on their low carb diets, like South Beach and Sugar Buster's Ray Atkins diet.
It's pretty boring.
It's been out in this.
It sounds great in the beginning.
You know, steak and seafood and butter and eggs and stuff like that.
But you have to have some variety.
And the lights of West Bokers helped thousands of low carb dieters achieve their weight loss goal.
So this is a place you really ought to get familiar with because today's shopping for the right low carb products has become a real pain in the arse.
Most of the so-called low carb products on grocery stores shelves won't help you lose weight.
So don't sabotage your weight loss goals.
Commit your lights in West Bokers to help you stay on the right track because they've got hundreds and hundreds of the best tasting lowest carb products anywhere.
And one of the great deals they got in their store was that you can try anything in the store before you bite.
So before you lay out any cash and buy a whole bunch of stuff and take it home, you'll find out if you like it or not.
There's staff knows low carb dieting inside and out. They're open every day till 10.
Don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all Atkins, Carbolites and Pure Delight products.
That's the lights of West Bokers. They'll not be under sold by no one nowhere.
The lights is on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
You can call them toll free 1-877 Low Car, L-O-W-C-A-R-B, or on www.lowcarb.com.
The lights of West Bokers are official atkins retail centers.
I am the goal of your sports video, Fyixie, C-Q-A-U-A-M.
Howdy, how you doing, honey?
This is Bill Clinton, president of the United States.
This is my must-state of the whim of the dress.
I've known a few girls who thought they were pretty hot.
But Bill is here to tell you that girl, you're not.
They used to wear makeup and whip away cash.
But why did they wear under my choice?
Well, you think you're special? Well, you think you're special?
So, Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
That no-man dress made much.
Well, you got a great, but if you got the touch, now don't give me wrong.
I'll bring you all right.
But that won't give me warm and a meal.
Oh, for now.
That no-man dress made much.
I want firewood, with sweet applause, she'll leave.
I'd like you remember this one.
She had a tight ring card, but she kept on her phone.
And after she asked her, she would bury the moment.
She got herself some white ball and a tummy tuck.
But she still and ugly as a hot-tempered.
Well, she said this, but she's not that well.
So, when the trip got some surgery,
it's that no-man dress made much.
Well, you got the praise, but if you got the touch, now don't give me wrong.
Yeah, I'll bring you all right.
But that won't give me warm and a meal.
Oh, for now.
That's my no-man dress made much.
Oh, I forgot this one.
Oh, yeah, I bought this next one.
A big, joking girl with a purple rice.
That no-man dress made much.
Well, the sacred meetings of my car and door.
I could have thought we'll chamber one by how it's scarred.
Well, she said this, but she's not that well.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That no-man dress made much.
Well, you got the praise, but if you got the touch, now don't give me wrong.
Now I'm bringing all right.
But that won't give me warm and a meal.
That no-man dress made much.
Oh, I forgot this one.
I said the best for us.
Well, I've tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with a car.
Once you get wet, that blinker all springs your hat.
Big old wags and an ass of my truck.
Whoa, she makes a special.
Reckon.
She makes me something else.
So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from New York.
That no-man dress made much.
Well, you got the praise, but if you got the touch, now don't give me wrong.
I'll bring you all right.
We'll never give you warm and a meal all night.
That no-man dress made much.
Like you, that is my state of the women's dress.
I love you.
133 and 560 W.
I'll tell you CNN just having a feeding frenzy with a Sodom tape.
This seventh charge was, I guess, a double cent as.
They're just showing it with the interpreter over and over and over again.
It was only in there for like a half an hour.
You think it's like the OJ trial just on and on.
It eventually will be, but months down the line.
And then they're going to fry his ass.
We'll say, see, we did it.
We got him.
He didn't have nothing to do with the 911.
But we got him anyway, because he's a bad guy.
He was our bad guy.
Like Roosevelt said, he was our son of a bitch for one.
I saw somebody else's son of a bitch, right?
Oh, yeah.
Speaking about a rout of native, here's some good news.
This is going to shock even you.
You're going to guys low-key as you are.
You'll be shocked.
Pat Lamar, she know who that is?
No.
No.
The Green Party's newly nominated candidate for vice president said yesterday that her top priority
is not waiting in the White House for the Green Party, but ensuring that president Bush is defeated.
Oh, right.
She is in fact so determinously Bush lose that she wouldn't comment voting for herself and her running mate.
Texas lawyer David Corden on the cob.
Lamar, she won 7% of the vote when she was the Green Independent candidate for governor of May 1998.
Six of votes for whoever's got the best chance of beating Bush.
She said, but if Bush has got 11% of the vote in main coming November 2nd, I can vote for whoever I want.
And if the state is as it is now a toss up between Bush and Kerry, she could well vote for the Democrat.
I love my country.
She said, he would have asked him that because if Dick Cheney loved his country, he would not be voting for himself.
A spokesman for the Bush Cheney campaign said the vice president is certain to vote for his and Bush relation.
What a shock that is.
Oh, man.
Don't you love some of the crap they put in these articles?
It's unbelievable.
Larry Sabato, no relation to a Kenny Domingo or a Domingo Maduo, Larry Sabato, political scientist who directs the University of Virginia Senate for politics, said it's a rare thing even for a splinter party.
They have a nominee for vice president indicates he's not sure for whom she's been a vote.
In other words, if it's in a close state, if it's a close race rather, she's voting for Kerry.
How do you like that?
You go, Pat.
Here's a story of love.
Positive.
All right.
Oh, there's that Scotland clone that weasel for the Iraqi people.
And this step today begins a process.
Yeah, for instance, a process of dog and pony show is what he's trying to say.
Anyway, ACLU fights new team camp band.
This is in Richmond, Virginia with a banjo underneath.
A lawsuit is challenging a new state law that effectively bans new summer camps for teenagers saying it violates the constitutional right to privacy.
The ACLU sued Tuesday and federal court to keep the state from shutting down a no clothing camp for juveniles in late July at the White Tail Park, Newtis Camp in Iver, Virginia.
Not a great name, the White Tail Park.
Oh, yeah.
You probably seem a little White Tail in your time.
Oh, once in a while.
Once in a great while.
Probably not as much as Josh.
I love the White Tail.
The law was passed in March in response to a week long residential camp for 11, 18 year old classed human white trail, White Tail Trail.
It was the first of Virginia and only the third such on actual camp for juveniles in the nation.
According to the American Association of Newt Recreation, I bet until this moment you never even knew you in the entire audience never even knew there was such a thing as the American Association of Newt Recreation.
I did not.
But, period.
Mark that down is another thing you were in today, not only the Japanese Yifanji scheme.
Legislators overreacted and in the process they substantially interfered with the right of families to make lifestyle choices for Virginia, ACLU executive director Kent Willis said,
I wonder if he's keen to down trail.
Using the overall logic of this law, legislators are now afraid of prevent children from swimming, playing baseball, or writing a bus.
The law which took effect today.
Denies and state licenses to any hotel summer camp or campground that maintains or conducts as any part of its activities, are new to scamp for juveniles.
It defines the camps as those attended by openly new juveniles, not accompanied by parents or legal guardians.
Some others if their parents were them, I guess it's okay.
Attorney General Jerry W. Kilgore said,
We believe the law is passed is constitutional and we look forward to defending minors and morals in the Commonwealth, said Tucker, Martin, a Kilgore spokesman.
A white tail opened in South Eastern Virginia in 1984.
About 1200 new discos there at any one time, including about 30 families.
But third man.
We lived there all year.
Visitors undergo background checks in the camp high strict rules against loot, lustful, or lascivious conduct.
Even if you never did hear the puppy and registing, it's...
It's got its moments, but once you hear the original bit...
It has a little more emphasis, right?
Yes, it does.
It has some more significance.
It has some more significance.
Similar youth groups have been held in Florida and Arizona, according to the American Association of New Recreation, with which white tail is affiliated.
Besides white tail, kind of include three couples who are white tailed members and their children, three boys, ages 11, 15, and 17, and two girls, ages 10 and 12.
Definitely those girls are much too young for you guys to be looking at.
These are parents who have raised their kids in a nudist lifestyle and made their parents in the kids do nudity as something natural and ordinary, as opposed to something erotic or sexual, said Rebecca Glenberg, who you attorney.
Sounds like a yib de mi again.
So many Jewish doctors and lawyers, you know?
Oh, yeah.
And Zach, look what happened to you.
That's okay. You're working for the strip club. I forgot about that.
That's right.
So for these kids, being around other naked kids is something perfectly normal and the campus very highly supervised and quickly and so upside is basic for what they're trying to say.
But that's in Virginia.
Was he even OG rapidly on the map?
Looks like it's up north kind of sort of.
Trust me when I tell you, it's the deep south. Make no mistake about it.
Have you ever been in Virginia?
I have been.
Richmond.
And it was for like a fifth grade field purpose.
Yeah.
Oh, you wouldn't know.
I don't remember.
Long time ago. Very Yahoo place.
Long 39, 21 till 2. We got the mad dog working today.
Oh, right.
He's back from a marginally deserved day off yesterday.
And we got any care for the Humperer at 4 Humper on a way to Vegas.
And then the Marlon game, Marlon's on deck at 7 Marlon's at the brace 735.
Curtis Stevenson was getting more and more airtime all of the universe that.
Yes.
See, that's how it works.
And well, those are of Curtis's a good job on a year.
And he'll be on an AK slot after the ball game.
And then of course overnight we just shove it off.
As your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs,
let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business.
Pay world administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services,
and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing and cover.
Help your business be a lot more profitable.
Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation at 1-866-AOasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747.
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many
facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice,
which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details
to the folks at Oasis outsourcing.
So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you like a free evaluation.
Call them toll free.
There's no obligation.
Call 1-866-AOasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
Call 1-866-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286-286
I'm not sure that's Ricky Boyce's guide that goes by all the time.
I know! You got me confused with a character on another show! That's not me! I have children, you know!
Do it, do it! You have a funny name!
Yeah! I did it with this color! I like it! Do it, do it! Do it, do it!
We can't get into that right now! Do it, do it, do it, do it!
Hey, no!
I don't want to walk around with this thing in here!
I want to crush you, I can do that!
145 at 560 WQAM. What has been panels, you know?
Running right through the time here.
Nice for you lunch yesterday from, what was it?
The joint. The joint! How could I forget? From something joint?
And how is today? And tomorrow, I only know is maybe Jeff Cohen will come by tomorrow.
No, we got char-hut Friday tomorrow. I forgot about that.
Now is Joe's head embroidered and I have he burger from char-hut now?
Yes. Man, he is really tight with those folks. Have you noticed one thing about Joe Rose, man?
There are a lot of things about Joe Rose.
Well, I'm sure you do. Maybe you don't love him like the beast though.
You hear that comment? What comment?
About how he loves, I don't want to go in with tomb birthing.
But at any rate, like char-hut, Beverly's dolers and air around the top,
those three, man, those people they love, they would like to take Joe Rose,
put them on her shoulder. I have he loaded carry, especially with him saggy boobs.
But it's just, I'm really impressed.
And Joe has done a fine job and see, there's another example.
How about putting out our list one more before we leave, suspending Joe Rose?
Is that the way we want to put it or what?
It's going on right now.
Suspending Joe Rose. After Greg jerked him around all those months,
didn't put them on the, didn't make that deal.
And even now there seem to be still some question marks.
I hear people say, oh, well, that's all taken care of, isn't it?
There's always a question mark at the end when you do it with Greg.
That's all done, isn't it? Ain't it?
At any rate.
According to report today's Washington Post, President Bush has reappointed
W. David Heyger and notorious for his fringe anti-choice beliefs and persistent anti-choice
activism for the influential reproductive health drugs advisory committee of the FDA.
Heyger is used as position on the committee to advocate his ideological agenda to come in
one of only four dissenters from the overwhelming vote to recommend over the counter-serve
of the Morning After Country Center plan B, a recommendation that was overruled by the
administration in response to far-right political pressure.
In recent weeks, NARL Prochoice America's Let a Grassroots campaign
to persuade the president not to reappoint Heyger,
spurring more than 25,000 prochoice activists and messages of opposition,
an addition to coalition of members of Congress, including prochoice Republican representative James
Greenwood, Pennsylvania, and Nancy Johnson of Connecticut sent pusher letter pleading they
did not take this step. Elizabeth Cavendish, interim president of NARL Prochoice America,
said President Bush is dumbed again, been over backward to keep his anti-choice based happy in a
way that simply slaps the prochoice majority in the face, ignores women's health, and shows
absolute disdain for medical science. It's a slap in the face.
Prochoice Republicans asked him not to reappoint, David Heyger, more than 25,000 grassroots
American Senate petition asking that he not put this extreme inspection in this influential
position, and common sense would argue that Heyger is nowhere near qualified to serve on a
body that's supposed to provide non-ideological scientific guidance. This is right in the line
with the article we had yesterday, all those thousands of scientists, this sign of petition against
Bush. Among the highlight of Heyger's record is practicing OBGYN in other way,
refuses to perform surgical abortions or prescribe medical abortion. He won't even provide the IUDs
or why they accepted form of contraception. Heyger helped the Christian Medical Association
by the Citizens' position in petition in August, they called for the FDA to reverse its approval
of medical abortions and pulled it off the market, ignoring over a decade of international
research that's established to safety, if efficacy of this earlier abortion option.
Tom Magazine cited two sources familiar with his private practice saying that Heyger is
refused to prescribe contraceptives to unmarried women. Heyger wrote stress in the women's body
with his wife Linda recommending scripture readings as treatment for premenstrual syndrome
and other medical conditions. There you go. scripture readings that'll do it. All right.
Just pay to the Lord. Oh man. Why isn't the media talking about these things? That's
what I would like to know. Why? Because they're in Bush's pocket because they don't want to tell
us the truth because they're afraid that somebody's been to come along and not come off the year,
find them millions and millions of dollars because the Saudis are on their board of directors
and just in closing as far as I'll bush myself because I don't mind get too depressed.
So Abu Gharr read enough of that already.
Iraq is worse off than before the war began since the GAA.
In some key areas, electricity, the judicial system and overall security,
Iraq the American handed back to its residence Monday is worse off than before the war began
last year according to calculations in a new GAA report released this week.
105 page report by Congress's investigative arm offers a bleak assessment of Iraq
after 14 months of US military occupation among its findings. In 13 of Iraq's 18 provinces,
electricity was available few hours per day on average last month and before the war.
Nearly 20 of Iraq's 26 million people live in those provinces. 20 million people,
little electricity here a little bit there, they can even run their pop-up toaster.
That's terrible. They won't even be able to heat up their humontotion next to
forum. Only 13.7, not that you're supposed to, only 13.7 billion of the $58 billion
pledged an allocated worldwide to rebuild Iraq has been spent with another 10 billion about to be
spent. The biggest chunk of that money has been used to run Iraq's ministry operations.
The country's court system is more cloud than before the war and judges are frequent targets
of assassination attempts, sometimes successful. The newer Iraqi civil defense policy and
overall security units are suffering from mass desertions are poorly trained and ill-equipped.
The number of what the now-to-dispanded coalition provisional authority calls significant
insurgent attacks skyrocketed from 411 in February to 1169 in May. Another one today,
by the way, I mentioned that before. The report was released on the same day that the
CPAs and Spector Generalistia 3 reports that highlighted serious management difficulties
at the CPA reports found that the CPA wasted millions of dollars at a kelton resort hotel
and Kuwait because it didn't have guidelines for who could stay there, lost track of how many
employees it had in Iraq and didn't track reconstruction projects funded by international donors
to ensure that they didn't duplicate US projects. And it goes on. It's on our website.
Iraq is worse often before the Warby Gangea reports. That's the article by Seth Borenstein,
another one goes people. Another one of your people's act. Yep, another year. So many years and so
little time. Anyway, it feels like this is just zip-by today, you know. And then we got tomorrow
and then next week, next week starts at schedule, though. I thought I'm looking forward to it,
you understand? No, no, no. No, I, I'm going to be in here every day, five days a week. Once in a while.
Couple of weeks a year. Here's our poll result up to the moment we topped a thousand like they were
standing still a thousand and 51 man. What do you think? Greg Reed, our general man,
we're what his biggest bonehead move has been these last seven years. Hiring Moha were
davidated. You can't catch him all. 190 on the moment he's back. Breaking up the first team
on 59. OJ, at the golf company, you know how steadily that just keeps climbing and climbing and
moving up there. OJ, 133 firing for route 126 firing joy mark 107. Wow. Not firing George Rodriguez
106. Keeping Goliani here 60. Hawkins sports on the air for an hour after 9.11 after the planes
at the towers 42. Hiring for route 36 putting the big. Oh, on the year 25 using Josie as a fill in
25 putting the crow on the year 20 as shocking development. Hiring the Rodriguez 15 putting on
the morning crew the wrecking crew seven. Moving Yield's time slot six the QA of auction three
and suspending poor Joe. None yet. It'll get to them. But every see, I don't think we're really
saying that the way we should. How else do we work? Well, we can put screwing Joe Rose over.
That would be a good way to put it. But we can't leave it to that way because if we change it,
then Eric's got to put his finite right. My right, John. Right. So like I said, it's perfect.
153 at 560 QN. Pompato Park is going to explode this Friday night as the race track kicks off.
The July 4th holiday weekend with a spectacular fireworks show after the last live race tomorrow.
July number two. It's a family fun night to bring out the kids as they'll be clowns free face
painting, live music. Three minutes of horse rides all starting at seven in the PM. There'd be
a special special early post-end tomorrow at seven o'clock PM because of the fireworks show.
The fireworks show is set to take place at 10 30 tomorrow night. Pokedroom is open. Noon to midnight.
And it's easy to get to Pompato Park from anywhere because it's close to both I and E5 just
to half mile away and also half mile from the turn bike. And best of all, Pompato Park is a free
admission, free general parking every day. Live heart is racing in the Pokedroom of an every Friday and
Saturday. Pokedroom starts at noon and goes on the midnight live racing gets underway
at 7.25 at the PM. Pompato Park of course is also continuing to open every day seven days
a week for a silent casting with the best in harness racing, Thurham Red and a highlight action.
Watch out for Ray McClean Jr. from all across North America. Feed a watch and wager on and
John McElroy. Pompato Park of Lock South of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road for the racing
schedule. You can go on a web at pompatopark.com or call 9.5.4. 972 2000. Don't forget the big
explosions the fireworks and great racing tomorrow and this weekend at Pompato Park.
Pompato Park of Lock South of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road for the racing schedule.
Pompato Park of Lock South of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road for the racing schedule.
Pompato Park of Lock South of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road for the racing schedule.
I keep having this recurring dream that OJ sneaks into the sales department and slices off
to the virtually engaged
