by now for the O'Rourkees.
We're something I'll tell you but we can't see it on the yard. We're something.
We need some help.
Oh hello, how are we starting to see now when we see the secret government?
You can see. Welcome to the federal community.
You would make a bad black man.
We don't know what the law is.
Just stand there and kiss the hands of the past.
And we have the law.
We've never done anything like that.
We're simply unaware how to wake you're in the hell with John.
Now, Ben, from the radio near you.
10-1-5-60-WDQ-A-M-Happy Monday, too.
There's some good news on this. We're all not really good news but promising news anyway, right?
About what? About this whole radio business.
All right, that news. Yeah, I'm curious about that.
What differences make Royal God be dead anyway?
Did you really say that? Or take it from somebody else then.
I didn't see it. I know.
I was busy watching hockey. I forgot all about it.
Plus, now I'm going to have to go out and buy the woodware book today. It comes down today.
I miss like 14 minutes of it and I'm still kicking myself.
Ben, you missed 14 minutes of it? Well, here's something right now.
Wanted to do this.
See, there he is.
There's Bob Woodward who is a little on the wooden side but nevertheless.
See, I guess it must just be a coincidence that all these books have been written just one after another.
And they all basically say the same thing.
Yeah, but they're all just trying to make money and tell him.
How do you like that?
Anyway, here's the result of our poll over the weekend.
A lot of votes. 2443.
If the election was being held today, who's your choice for president?
Now, the Bush got a little bit of a goose right there at the end because he was like 13.4.
13.5%. Not that he got to 14%. But you're not full on me.
I see when the Prylonon is going on. Didn't help.
If we have a election right now, Sean carry 1845.75.5%.
George W. Bush, 339.13.8%.
I wouldn't vote 114.5%.
Ralph Nader, 87.3.5%.
Stubborn, stubborn, stubborn fools.
And I can't vote 61.
Either too old, too stupid, too young, too illegal, or whatever they are.
61.
3.5% for Nader. Isn't that pathetic?
They just don't get it.
They refuse to understand.
They just continue wanting to chase some kind of a pipe dream or just be stupid, is what it is.
And we can't afford to be stupid this time.
Absolutely.
When you got a president who says, oh, why worry about how the future is going to look back on my presidency because we're all going to, what future we're all going to be dead anyway?
That sounds really promising to me.
How come they're not emphasizing that quote?
I don't know.
I can't believe he said that.
All right.
You sure you didn't dream it?
Yeah.
I thought I rubbed my eye and the pinch myself.
But I think we're all dead.
We'll all be dead.
Now what did he mean by that?
Bob Woodward asked him, how do you think the future is going to judge you?
Right.
And he said the future and put his arms out like in a big wide arm shrug.
As the future says, what future?
As it to say, that's a long way off.
The future will all be dead.
Hmm.
Well, I'll be.
Let's begin with the big Donald.
Just relax now.
Don't get yourself all worked up into a tizzy or that moron.
Okay?
He's a real moron.
Right.
Too late.
McDonald's CE.
Oh!
Dies of a heart attack.
Now, I don't want to suggest that press he ate too much of his own product because Dave Thomas died too.
And I think didn't he have a heart attack?
I think so.
I do believe so.
Although at least Dave Thomas died with a big smile on his puts.
Whereas the chairman and CEO of McDonald's Jim Kent Lupo died of an apparent heart attack at the age of 60.
Today is a matter of fact.
He was attending the company's owner operator meeting in Orlando.
The world's largest restaurant chain cannot immediately see who was taking over either ate too much of my dollars or too much Kent Lup.
Taking over his responsibilities were focusing on Mr. Kent Lupo and his family, said McDonald's spokeswoman and a rosinage.
Kent Lupo, a former vice chairman and president of the company, was brought back to lead McDonald's in January 2003.
When the company was struggling to cope with falling profit in a saturated hamburger market.
Another great term, a saturated hamburger market.
Outbreaks of mad cow disease and poor service.
Saturated.
All of these things.
All of these things.
That's why it's kind of a saturated hamburger market.
It's got a little play on words which is not a really nice thing to do in an obituary.
When a guy dies, I bet you're one big Mac too many.
Put him right over the edge.
Don't say thank you.
No, dude.
God, that's bad.
I want confirmation that you just didn't dream that because you know you've heard a lot of magic mushrooms and stuff like that.
The president of this company said in the future we're all going to be dead.
He said that why aren't they screaming about that?
I mean, we've got all these other clips from our woodward on here.
We'll all be dead.
And about how the Saudi saw the, not just the road map to war in Iraq before even rolling coal in saw it.
Some of the other people named the administration.
How about Prince Vandar?
Somebody taped the show and heard the audio that they were going to be.
Yeah, George is part right but not quite.
What do you think?
He was referring to historians in 100 years are going to look back and say something.
But at that time, we'll all be dead.
He wasn't saying, you know, a proctorate, a proctorate that we're going to be dead now tomorrow.
But when I said, he said, yeah, it was you let me question that later like I'm a guy too.
But that's not, that was not the impression.
No, I don't, I can't imagine that he would have said that.
I just just a little more.
I don't know.
I'm quoting exactly.
Thanks a lot, Kelly.
Maybe one missing tripping it.
No, he's not, he's not arguing with his very area.
But the color also, he's pushed like poison but doesn't matter like you let's not, let's not try to emulate the fox people.
Okay, by all spin all day, let's put it out there accurately in the stop of you, all your hysteria.
Okay.
You are the one that misinterpreted it.
Me?
You got the color.
What do you mean by that?
I quoted exactly what was said on the show.
You're the one that made me understand this is why you were so exercised about it.
Still, it means he doesn't care.
Yeah.
He doesn't care what people are going to think.
How could he possibly care if he can't even do a feel pretty bad?
Even in rural America, he's losing support down from 51 to 40.
What is it?
I don't know.
No, it's down from 55 to 47%.
Or something like that.
I'm just quoting this.
See how you got me doing it.
Anyway, here's, let's take a look at something on a brighter side.
On our beaded curtain today, if you're over the age of 90, if you haven't, you just barely got a pulse, then you can look in.
If you've got several pieces of ideas written notes of permission from the attorney general's office,
you can look at our beaded curtain on theorages.com.
And today's new photo is Gina Gershon.
And there's a naked picture on the attorney general, Ask Cough.
You've got full.
I had a great word I was going to start using.
Let's see what that was.
Oh, man.
Well, it'll come to me instead of the A word.
I had a better word I was going to start using.
And then start messing with this FCC, huh?
Then start screwing around with this.
I'm going to do like that.
I'm just going to make it up as I go along.
Sure.
I'm going to make up for it so they can have this big long list.
Gina Gershon was born June 10th, 1962 in LA.
She was a California Valley girl moved to New York and tried to change her image.
What does that mean?
In other words, it's supposed to mean a Valley girl.
For sure.
She's been in how many million films by God, or West Memphis 3, which is their film right now, out of season, The Batman.
What the hell was the Batman?
I don't know.
Is that like the Donald?
Never in a good movie unless you're talking about Showgirls.
Three-way split, tripping the rift.
All these are TV series.
You see the borderline, demon lovers, slackers, picture-clair, the islander, snoops, black and white, face-off, touch, touch this, bound, best of the three, show him the et cetera and so on.
Gina Gershon, she's on there right now for you to use in Peru and lose.
Now here's the good news.
Well, again, it's not really great news, but at least it's something that moving in the right direction.
Ready?
Ready.
After months of apologizing to Congress and the FCC for Janet Jackson's Super Bowl breast bearing another edgy-on-air content, many of the country's media companies have finally decided to fend the feds have gone too far.
All right.
Back to you.
Put your foot down.
Today, 2-day, Monday, April 19.
Firecom, Fox, Radio 1, and a handful of mid-sized broadcast groups including Citadel, Beasley, and Intercom will join with activists like People for the American Way and Media Access Project to ask the FCC to rescind its recent decision that the F-word in any other word the commissioners don't like can be punished with major fines or license revocations.
This is from Broadcasting and Cable Magazine.
And I like the way they phrase it. Any other word they don't like.
Talk about making it up as we go along.
Oh, well, there's nine words today, and then there's 50 words tomorrow, and then there's 100 words on Wednesday, and by the end of the week we'll have how many thousand words?
About 30,000!
Can't say that because we don't like it.
It says, at press time, meaning for this magazine, there are NBC whose broadcasted a Bono Exploitive on the Golden Globe's property of the FCC decision, nor ABC had joined the fight.
NBC was expected to file a separate petition today. ABC is not planning to weigh in.
Powered, spineless goofballs.
Even a few performers are getting in on the action, though also asking the FCC to back down our illusionist pen and teller and comedian Margaret Cho.
Not surprising since Washington's tried to crack down on performers as well as media companies.
If the FCC doesn't strike the bottom ruling, the author of the petition warned commissioners his clients will appeal in federal court.
This is going all the way to the Supreme Court. Then we'll have no justice.
What's those nine bozos up there going to hold of it?
They likely result in the thinly veiled aim of the petition as a legal battle that would land every piece of Washington's anti-indecency crack down on the Supreme Court, where lawyer Bob Corn-Rever of firm Davis Wright for Maine believes firmly they will win.
How do you like that?
Well, I hope. The commission's harsh new policy has sent shockwaves through the broadcast industry and is forcing licensees to censor speech that is unquestionably protected by the first amendment who wrote in the petition.
Damn it.
The SEC consciously assumed the role of a national arbiter of good taste and if the decision already is exerting a chilling effect he be saying.
The petition chronicles broadcast your subsequent decision to scrub their programming content like they're screwing eyes and ears.
From a handful of misfits I should point out.
That includes NBC ER's decision to blur an 80-year-old woman's exposed breast in one scene, network's implementation of a five-second or more delayed during live shows,
deletion of a hit of cleavage from PBS documentary, firing of raunchy DJs, and even a public station dismissal of longtime host Sandra Tsing.
Even radio watch standards like who's who are you and Pink Floyd's money have been edited for radio in some stations are dropped from the playlist altogether.
Corn-Rever highlighted that what he says are a model of recent FCC reversals of indecency rulings that if nothing else illustrates the commission's near impossible task of upholding its legal obligations to both protect children from supposedly harmful broadcast content and avoid trampling on programmer's speech.
The Golden Globes cases a perfect example. The parents television council kicked its fight in the high gear not after the show aired in January 2003, but six months later when the FCC staff ruled that Bono is fleeting, f-ing brilliant during a live show didn't warrant punishment of NBC stations.
Corn-Rever also points out that the FCC's decision saying new feminism may also be indecent, raise the question whether the effort itself or frigging or a host of other words might also be off limits.
Frigging, including just the letter F, which was all of a sudden.
Yes, the F word. While broadcasts have been bending over backward to order the programming practices, the challenge is not entirely unexpected.
Throughout the indecency crackdown, including indecency hearings in Washington, by a com for one has been careful to characterize its actions, delays, firings, guidelines, and e-jases of response to what it not Washington no longer wants on the air.
By doing so, it's left the legal issue of indecency open for just such a challenge. When pressed by legislators at the hearings later by Senator Sam Brownback, Nazi Republican, and Kansas in the letter,
via Com President, Al Carmes and Refuse pronounced any content indecent, pointing out that that determination was a matter for the company's lawyers to determine.
A load among the big media companies via Com has been open about its willingness to challenge the indecency crackdown in the courts, and now joined by a host of others, including Beasley.
Oh, man, they must have thought of a treat long enough to put their vangeron on for a minute. Isn't that great? That's exciting.
Nice call, boys. You go, guys. We'll follow you from far behind.
1013 at 560 WQM is the time if you need new mattress to do the smart thing like I've been doing for so many years and made that one easy call at 1-800 mattress.
Donald Mac does back up everything they say in their advertising 100% of competitors lie like crazy. When you see a mattress head making outrageous claims, be sure to do one smart thing. Read that fine print because there are a lot of lies waiting for you out there in the weeds.
Here's an example, and big print the ad screen, no down payment, no interest, no payments for 24 months.
The tiny print at the bottom reads like an insect repeat of disclaimers. Your cry's a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sale price. Many times not a single advertised item would even qualify for financing.
Interest penalties are 21% or more. Shopper-heated financing the most rarely even qualify.
The amount of stats have no tiny print, no disclaimers, no lies, no BS, no B.S.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll discover there's never an extra charge for same day delivery either.
Now the mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kindle to Stewart, from Palm Beach to prestigious Ford Myers.
And when you call 1-800 mattress, you pick the date into our living window when you want your mattress delivered and guess what? They actually show up when you want them to.
So call right now and you'll see why 1-800 mattress is ranked number one in overall customer satisfaction.
And Donald Mattress reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know exactly what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
So do what spark folks have been doing for a long time. Just make one easy call. Sit there right on your fat ass, grab the phone and call 1-800-Mactress, and log on to their website, mattress.com.
Dial amacres 1-800-MATTRES, the honest to smart way to get to a great night's sleep for years to come.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
Dial amacres 1-800-MATTRES, the honest to smart way to get to a great night's sleep for years to come.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And one year she do another.
That's why you're on so much higher.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
And log on to their website, mattress.com.
10-20 at 5.60 WQM, not only am I a little bit discombobulated here with what you said, but Eric's going to be real happy with you too.
Okay, one in a one.
Did you ever fax him the poll that I revised?
Oh man.
Well, I changed the poll and he's not going to be happy camper about that.
All of the good part of it is there were only two choices up there anyway.
Yeah.
Sorry, Eric.
Our bad.
The most important person, well the reason I'm doing this first of all is because time magazine does their thing every, I don't know how often they do it.
And why should we worry?
Because we won't be there in a hundred years anyway.
We will all be dead.
The most influential people of the 20th century.
And they got to listen.
They broke theirs down.
I don't think we want to do that.
Although we could cure a lot of good days doing that.
But they would be, yeah, no, no way.
It's really thin.
Now, leaders and revolutionaries, artist entertainers, I'll give you the year, run down a little bit.
I don't want to do it right now because I would put a monkey wrench in our pool.
Who cares about time magazine?
Well, we got our pool to build on, right?
Right.
Even though pool building is ponderous.
The most important person in the world of the 20th century was, now I started this with just three.
I better say that again so Eric can figure out what we're doing if he can hear us.
The most important person in the world in the 20th century was the pulp.
Well, wait a minute, which pulp was that?
That's a bad pulp, John Paul.
Poped the piers?
No, I'm not putting no pulp.
Okay, let them FDR and eight-all Hitler.
Okay.
Okay.
Now, we can't put Bush in there, even though putting Hitler on there does bring him to mind.
Because this is the 20th century, which ended weekend debate on this weekend.
It's the 20th century and after tooth abolishing regardless.
Because he was, no, he wouldn't after he stole the election.
He didn't get until January 2001.
Correct.
So the most important person in the world of the 20th century was FDR, eight-all Hitler.
And then you can fill in the blank.
So, okay, what we get around to it.
Well, we're good and ready.
You know what I mean?
The BDQA and hello.
Change the topic for you.
There he is.
There he is.
Paul's on his way.
Well, at least that you changed your line anyway.
That's good.
How about changing your underwear?
I can smell it all the way up here, Schmuck.
Air on America, multi-cultural feud to be heard today.
Multi-cultural radio broadcasting, Inquat Jones radio stations in Chicago and Los Angeles
pulled the plug on Air America last Wednesday.
Multi-cultural's owner Arthur Lue told the Chicago Tribune the radio network bounced
and tech was in default, which we know all this by now.
The judges scheduled a hearing onto the spute for today.
Air on America, which leases radio stations in 16 cities filed a complaint in New York State,
Supreme Court demanding it be restored to the air and compensated.
Air on America, which features a program hosted by a very, very wooden and boring comedian, Al Franken,
was launched to counter right wing hosted dominate daytime talk radio.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
So here it is today.
Okay, we'll keep you posted on that.
Well, we?
All right.
Whatever.
We certainly will.
So let me tell you my little airport story before we continue.
Oh, that's right.
I better change the topic.
It's an airport story for Bozo Head there.
So I'm leaving this Saturday morning from Miami International.
You could ask me, how come you always fly out of Miami instead of Fort Lauderdale?
How come you always fly out of Miami?
I don't know.
Maybe because I'm a...
I'm just used to it.
I don't know.
All my friends at Air Canada are there, eh?
My alien.
How you doing, alien?
But at any rate, so I get to the airport.
And I get my boarding pass from a good friend, alien.
I'm waddling toward the...
Where they have it all roped off before you go through security, you know?
Right.
And of course, when you're a big shot in Flint and business, your first class,
you do have a special line over way over in the right.
So there's a guy standing there and he looks at my boarding pass in my passport, et cetera.
And I'm just about ready to go through like, uh, door they...
Have you take off your shoes and underwear and all that stuff?
And here's another guy that wants to see it.
And the passport, too.
Old Cuban guy.
Oh, Neil Rogers.
I said, yes.
I said, how you doing?
He says, oh, I'll come in and aim on a passport.
Isn't the same as I said, because it's not my real name.
I wanted to say, because it's made up schmuck.
It's kind of like Ricky Ricardo.
You idiot.
And he says, oh, how do you like it up there, Toronto?
You like it?
I said, yes, great.
He says, oh, no Cubans, huh?
I said, oh, there's lots of Cuban.
I said, there's some Cubans and all kinds of people and they all get along.
He's like, oh, yeah, just like here.
Everybody gets along.
And I said, yes, sometime.
And I just waddle along through that rope line and just got that all away from him.
Before I started getting like my dander off, you know what I'm saying?
I mean, what is that?
A fair.
He gives you, no, not a fan.
He's giving me our stoch man.
He's giving me like a little shot, you know?
Oh, you like it up there because there's no Cubans.
Well, no, maybe not no Cubans, but because you're what I'm not here.
That's maybe why I like it.
You miserable old creep, stick, God.
And you wonder why people can't stand my international airport.
Now, there are a lot of nice people.
They don't get me wrong.
But there are also some like, you know, banana peeler's and those pickers there
that I could live without, including him.
I stick a year of me this okay, Schmuck?
I just, I just mentioned that because it was just so typical of how people can be unpleasant,
if you catch my drift, unpleasant.
Why, you think that's a pleasant experience?
No, of course not.
I was just posting your chops.
The most, just like that thing you told about the present,
would say that we're all going to be dead by the end of the week or whatever you said.
Did nobody say that we are going to be dead by the hovers about the election?
Yeah.
And by the way, that Catherine Harris, I'm here to morn about her too.
Let's just make a bunch of stuff out.
Who the hell cares?
Everybody else does.
That's right.
The five people they do at 24 or seven, man.
All spit all day, there's spin in it.
It's like being cut into God damn.
Oop.
See, I'm getting a little bit too relaxed being back in.
I just had to dump myself.
I said the damn, I said the deal.
You were too well.
We learned how to talk.
Oh boy.
Well, I mean, we all say these things.
We do.
We just nauseating.
And of course, this company, they can't really make up their mind.
I'm delighted to see that they finally booked up a little bit and grew a small fair over the weekend
or whenever they finally decided to do it.
But don't be making any more calls, muff or clearance to Naples for admirers over whether we can say that.
This is what we can do that because the answer is always going to be, no, we better not do that.
Just to be on the safe side.
26 past 10 at 5.60 W2M, your heavily censored station.
The hinder call of this season is 5.60.
The radio's on your side.
And at 9.00 AM.
Oh, if I have any talent at 5.60 WQM.
They're going to take their seats right in to Kondoleza for every different track I go.
It's Kondoleza.
I think your record could find Kondoleza.
Hey, Kondoleza.
Right.
Now they end you with two Kondoleza and you have two one-months of data.
They can get her and then they get her and then they get out and then they go to the real her.
Right, you're caught.
She's a part.
We can't do anything.
We're going to take their seats right in to Kondoleza for every different track I go.
It's Kondoleza.
I think your record could find Kondoleza.
Hey, Kondoleza.
Right.
That's 32.20.
It's 11.50.60 WQM.
And, dog, it's 2.
You have to go on like that.
The Humper is 4 from Schulis State 2 or the big at 7, etiquette 10.
And, after that, well, that's more good news.
Absolutely.
NBC is confirmed that December 1st will be Tom Broca's last day on the job as anchor of the Ami St.
Iconi on the job.
Oh, right.
That's the sum of the best news I've ever heard.
And, the reason being, Brian Williams will take over the number of signature newscasts the following day December the 2.
That's good news because Brian Williams is a good newsman.
You can actually understand what he's saying.
What can I actually speak the language?
NBC is not known, but Tom Broca.
I mean, this has got to be one of the great mysteries to me in the history of mankind.
Yeah.
I'm not sure which is the biggest mystery.
I mean, at least I'm as back in the day.
You know, it's funny about a hundred years ago.
He was really, really good.
But, Boba Wallaw has always been just totally incoherent.
And, Tom Broca, and Barbara Walters, though, I take that back.
Wasn't she once upon a time a news lady on ABC?
Yes, but still.
Why?
To what?
Why?
How did she get to be a news lady with that?
I don't know.
But, I'm trying to make the point as far as long as we can remember she's been just an interviewer.
She'd been interviewing people.
But, Tom Broca was like one of the three major networks,
Knightley News anchors, which is with a horrendous speech defect.
And more people watch him than the Dan Radder, which amazes me.
Although Dan's got a very disconcerting thing on it, if there's no, you know,
the chanker, the cancerous thing they removed.
You can pay any attention to what he's talking about in the news,
because you keep looking at the tip of his nose.
And wait for it to start growing.
So, anyway, Tom Broca is going to be signing off December 1st
for his last night on ABC.
And most of us with any kind of a brain and all are delighted,
because Brian Williams is excellent.
He's been waiting a long, long time for Broca to finally throw in the towel.
Hi, it's Colin Bryan, you go, boy.
Let's add a few names to this list.
What do you say before I plow a hit here?
Because we've got lots of stuff to talk about.
And we better do it before it's overclocked, because we'll all be dead by that anyway.
But, nobody said 5.670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T, the most important person in the world in the 20th century was, was,
WDQM, hello.
Do you know?
Yes?
Hi.
Hi.
I'm sorry you missed the Woodward interview last night,
but I thought the highlight of the interview, if you will, was that when he was talking about the $700 million
that they took from the allocated money for the American government for the ATM war,
and that they...
They did a bait and switch.
Really?
And I think that that...
I mean, I think even if the Republican Congress is going to have to consider that a...
A pitchable...
A fact.
Never going to happen.
I don't know.
It's unbelievable.
It's a crime.
Never going to happen.
Well, they're too worried about stains on blue dresses.
They can't be worried about stuff like that.
Well, he's such a crook as unbelievable.
Scary, very scary.
And don't forget, crook rhymes with schnook, which I think are both very appropriate in this case.
Yeah.
And the funny part was when he was talking about Nino's to say the funny part was when he was talking about the bush intellect
and how he considered intellectual...
It's hard to believe it's like...
How could he ever get why he wasn't elected president?
It's like, it's got to get him out.
Bye.
Bye.
She got it out of her system and then...
Bye, I like that.
That was good.
That was excellent.
5.6705.16.
If they don't want to call and suggest names for the pool, I got the whole system time anyway, so I'll just put them on there.
That's fine with me.
Either way, I don't care.
I couldn't give a crap less.
WDQA and hello.
And Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
You're most intellect...
I mean, not intellectual, too, the influential person of the 20th century.
I would think you'd have to put Lenin on the list.
Not John Lenin.
John Lenin.
Yeah, I'm glad you're good.
Yeah, glad you're good.
Because I mean, for about 70 years, you know, like it was the battle between communism and the West.
And I mean, he was the founder of the Soviet Union.
He was like, they're George Washington.
And he was the father of his country.
Pretty much, yeah.
And on that quote that George was talking about from Bush, I think Bush in his own way was trying to, like, paraphrase the famous quick that was made by...
I don't know if you ever heard of the economist John Mayter Keen's.
Yeah.
He was asked one time about some result that would happen in the long run.
And he was exasperated about, you know, being asked what would happen in the long run in the end.
In the long run, we're all dead.
Yeah.
And I think that was sort of what Bush in his own people way was trying to get at.
Well, I never realized he had that capacity.
I'm really impressed.
I'm saying people.
Yeah.
Maybe somebody read it to him.
It probably you ordered once from a fairy tale or something.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
Okay, take care.
Have a great day.
Vladimir Lenin, you got it?
Not to be confused with John, but...
Got it.
560-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
WDQA, and hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm pleased you didn't see that Bob would interview us.
I didn't see it.
You must watch me.
You can get it on the internet.
If you replaced the ASS with ASH and said somebody was at the end.
No, I'll do that now, too close.
I had one.
I had one that I came up with while I was shaving this morning,
and all of a sudden it stood my feeble mind.
I'll come back.
I know if you were to say instead of calling somebody a DI, you know what?
You called him a chainy from now on.
Right, that's not bad.
Yeah, I'm just...
A chainy head.
Okay, thanks.
Hey, he's a real chainy head.
That president day.
Now, but I had one that was so good.
It'll ever come back, you know.
Huh?
It was a bit of a bad thing in my mind.
I just blurred it right out.
We knew he said, well, we have walking on the street.
I started talking to myself.
There it is.
Tell them.
Well, why should that be a different from a lot of other people?
There are a few people around that do talk to themselves.
Any big city, you know, you go out in the hall.
You're mad.
Yeah.
Up in double.
We can just think of a conversation.
WQN, hello.
QAM.
This is 567.
QAM.
This is 567.
This is 670H560.
This is us.
Hey, how you going?
Going to the room.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a name for you, Paul.
Okay.
Winston Churchill.
Winston Churchill.
Why the hell not, man?
He spoke to Big Fat one every day.
Every day.
I got a book for you.
I got a book for your readers too.
For your listeners.
Okay.
Useful idiots.
Bye.
Take it.
What is it?
Oh, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha Look at this man here today.
with more than 60,000 employees worldwide.
Oasis outsourcing understands that lots of facets of human resource management.
Outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice
was let you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details
through Oasis outsourcing.
So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable
for a fee of right-awaited way should call that toll free number 1-866-at-Oasis.
That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing.
We are support radio 5CC UAM.
Darshan and Nebraska.
Hi, Richard Simmons here.
And since there's been weeks and weeks of publicity about my unfortunate misunderstanding in that airport,
I decided to use my status as an exercise guru to launch a brand new home video
for all of you fat bastards out there.
It's been slapping to the old age.
Oh, this is such a fantastic video.
Three solid hours of nothing but regular people running around in short shorts
smacking their living heads out of a passerby.
Here's the clip.
Pardon me, sir. Do you know what time it is?
Yes, stand to slap your face.
Is this what?
Stand to slap your face.
Yes.
You don't have to.
That gives me gentlemen if I can interrupt please.
To defeat it.
Slap and slap.
Slap and slap.
Slap.
Right.
Oh, you make me so proud.
So if you're someone who's, uh-oh, put on a few pounds over the spring,
you want to get back your girl's figure.
Why not order my latest over-price business plans.
Bitch, slapping to the old age.
Come on.
I would sure have to get back Mike Rolish figure.
1045 at 560.
A camp that word came back to me.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Ant-hole.
Ant-hole.
Yeah.
Right, ant-hole.
They have?
Right, there's such a word.
Sure.
There's certainly nothing offensive about ant-hole.
So instead of saying what we can't say, instead of saying that,
he's a real ant-hole.
It's going to take us some time and hopefully by the end,
time we get through with the whole vocabulary at that point,
the Supreme Court will say, hey, guess what?
Are you a crazed commissioners?
You overstepped your bonds, cut the crap.
Maybe.
Unless Antonin Scalia's got some of the say with it.
It will.
Because he's a real ant-hole.
Yeah, that's what they call an antiny.
We only got seven votes on that pull.
Maybe this pull, maybe I shouldn't have just taken the names off this list here.
Yeah.
But that's no fun.
Because if they can't build a pool, they're not going to say.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on it.
I mean, let's let some of the obvious ones,
how about the like pretty obvious, wasn't it?
Right.
Oh yeah, and hint too.
Right, how about Charles Darwin?
There you go.
Right.
Let's stick him on their old book.
We'll see in the 20th century.
I think so.
Josh can Google it.
Pretty sure what.
You better get a tree-wise.
What about Thomas Edison?
Right.
Right?
How can you leave him out?
Out of sight, out of mind.
What about Albert Einstein?
Sure.
Uncle Albert.
Well, let's get some of those on there.
The obvious ones, because they'll be adding maybe one or two more.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, where else lie?
Who's going to be the QAIM?
Hello.
I'm on Mo, Howard Davis.
Mo, Howard Davis, that man.
That's good.
Right?
Absolutely.
Sure.
Now watch him go ahead and put it on there.
Why the hell not?
Although he didn't darken our door until 2002, unfortunately, but I'm sure before that
he was very influential in New York and in Massachusetts and in Wisconsin, all of these places.
Right?
Everywhere.
It's your foot-a-moner just for kicks.
Go to QAIM, hello.
How you doing?
I'm good.
Pretty good, sir.
Bill Wilson.
Bill Wilson?
One of the co-founders of AA.
Oh.
Never heard of him.
Well, in the world, he was no Woodrow Wilson.
I'll tell you that.
No, he wasn't, but if it wasn't for the 12th sense, a lot of people wouldn't have come to live together.
He was no Nancy Wilson.
Okay, I'm glad.
He was no L Wilson.
Have yourself a good day.
Or just have yourself.
And don't be an antel.
Well, I'm just so glad that came back to me because I thought, you know, that's what's not to like, right?
Right.
It's not easy to come up with the word that we're even saying anymore.
Forget about that.
That makes any sense.
He's an antel.
FDR's got five.
Hitler's got two.
I don't think this is going to go all that big, do you?
About a wood.
I mean, it's good enough for time, magazine.
I guess it's not good enough for our discriminating audience.
That's just the way they are.
Lie nine always adds something really big to the show.
QAIM, hello.
Yeah, hi.
I'd like to put Bill Gates.
Bill Gates, of course.
And his brother V.
Yeah.
V Gates.
Okay, thank you.
Bill Gates wanted George's least favorite people.
But you can't leave him off of there.
What's the name of the guy who invented the Internet?
I don't mean Al Gore, seriously.
Seriously.
There were two sciences that wanted to communicate.
Right.
They worked out how to do it, but they needed somebody and some government somewhere like America
to make it legislation.
Right.
And I didn't ask for a history lesson.
I just asked for an ad.
How or did that.
So it was one of those three guys.
Well, Al Gore didn't invent the Internet.
Okay, he was an enabler.
He got the guys together.
If you want to put Al Gore on there, and if we can put more Howard David on there, we can certainly
put Al Gore.
He wrote the legislation that created the Internet.
Right.
Al Gore.
Yeah.
That's like an allegory.
But he just called it the idea.
Right.
At least, he never knows the name.
Because I was just reading about this guy the other day.
One of those in his magazines.
In fact, you know something.
Maybe it's on that time list.
Maybe.
Let me see.
Leaders, revolutionaries, artists, entertainers.
Guess who the artist entertainer, oh!
Oh!
Wow!
Wow!
Guess who is number one is easy.
Entertainers?
Elvis?
Right.
Number two, you wouldn't guess it.
It's almost as bad as Celia Cruz.
It's a singer?
Yes.
Number one entertainer of the 20th century.
Right.
I mean, let me see how the most influential, what's the quail?
Most influential entertainer of the 20th century.
Frank Sinatra.
No, no.
Wrong ethnic background.
Oh.
More of one of your people.
I get rid of Frank.
I don't know what he is.
Charles Asnivore.
Huh?
Most people have even heard of Charles Asnivore.
And I'm one of them.
You never heard of him?
No, he never heard of him.
Oh my God.
I heard the name.
But I think he's like a French, like a crooner ballot.
I don't know.
Never heard of him.
See, this category's artist and entertainer being singer
as Charlie Chaplin was third.
Uh-huh.
Then Lenin, not Vladimir, John.
Right.
Ralph Harris.
Who?
See, this was taken all over the world.
I say.
Worldwide.
You understand?
Okay.
Which is why some of the frogs I guess got on there.
Everyone's that were waning in the movie.
What's the movie?
Meg Dolly.
Meg Dolly.
How cool, how cool is it?
Because you brainwashed me about that movie.
It's great.
Safa Boot.
A bigger part.
S-A-F-A-B-U-T.
I don't think we can say that.
Safa can't say that.
She's a real Boot.
He, she, I don't know what it is.
William Burrows.
I remember Abe Burrows used to be on TV.
I know Book of Brian, I remember him on Plots My Line.
George Lucas.
The Beatles.
And Disney.
This, our poll is going to be better than theirs.
Don't feel bad about our poll.
Whatever it is, it's going to be better than theirs.
Already.
Scientists and thinkers.
Enrico Fermé.
Victor Hombard Zumian.
Oh yeah, Edward Chaplin.
We better put him on there right away, okay?
When you go to the bank, you better hope that your teller ain't named Edward.
Yasser Nuri Azturk.
Okay.
Van of our Bush.
Oh, another Bush.
Albert Einstein.
John Kennedy.
Is on here.
Let's put him on there.
I don't know how he could be the most influential, because he was only president for about three, not even three years.
Was he?
Right.
Six, no, two and a half.
Three minutes.
Che Guevara.
Guess who else is on this list?
I give up.
You're going to be really some of your people are going to be not too happy about this.
Discussed it over that.
Shade business.
Number four.
Leaders in revolutionaries.
Winston Churchill.
Mustafa Kemal Adeturk.
Franklin Roosevelt.
And number four is.
Thank you.
Come on.
Thank you.
You can do it.
Just think of Miguel and immediately say.
Thank you.
You know what?
Miguel.
Final Castro.
Final Castro is number four.
But going, dropping that with a bullet.
Five, six, seven.
I heard a rumor that he's dead.
Oh, that's right.
We heard that rumor on the L-Soul and so forth.
How come those guys pull crap like that?
We, you know, I read a thing that at least I didn't just make up the Catherine Harris thing.
And there's about 85 different.
35 different things on here now on the Internet on the Neo-Rodgers.
Well, get your facts straight, Neo-Rodgers.
Catherine Harris didn't die.
You know, like it was a big deal.
Right.
Like we're going to make a big stimulus about that.
32 A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neo.
You're a star.
What do you say?
You're a moron.
Follow the moron.
Oh, I'm a moron.
No question about that.
Thank you.
Back answers.
32 A.M. Hello.
Under me.
Yes, sir.
For the poll, hold on to Martin Luther King.
Martin Luther King, Jr. excellent choice.
And for a substitute for the A word, come on.
Ashcroft.
Seasoner is croft.
Mm-hmm.
But my guess is that it's better.
Okay, thanks.
Hello, Ashcroft is an anthole.
Right?
Absolutely.
See, it's got to have hole in it.
Otherwise, it's not better than biting.
Or you could say, Ash, you could say, Ash-hole.
Right.
But unfortunately, you probably would slow it in a little bit
every day and then say, oh, you said it.
You said we would catch it.
Got you.
Got me.
So I don't want to do that.
The head of the anthole is, anthole don't have like no S's in it.
I got a wood stove.
Yeah.
And in the bottom of it so that the ashes can fall through
into the pit.
Is that the ash hole in your stove?
Oh, absolutely.
I see.
I see.
I sure you'll leave like a little pause in there
in between the salabels.
Ash hole.
Breath.
There you go.
Now we're starting to get a few votes on there.
The most important person of the 20th century was
FDR 10, Hitler 9, Edison 8, Weinstein Churchill 8,
Albert Einstein 7, Bill Gates 5, Charles Darwin 1.
None yet for Vladimir Linn or John Lennon or JFK.
More Howard David had to don't have any.
See, you won't put that on there.
You think we're joking about that?
He did.
He really thought we were joking.
Huh?
He thought you were.
Put it on now.
You better get with it.
Your brain must be the size of a...
See you.
Yeah.
He thought you were Josh and...
Yeah.
No Josh and they want more Howard David.
He'll get some votes.
FDR, man.
He's probably at home right now cranking that thing up.
Sigmund Freud.
Vicki says Sigmund Freud.
You got it?
We got it.
The Wright Brothers.
And here it says at the bottom of this fax is Carrie or Canada 2004.
There you go.
Good choice.
Good choice, eh?
Come back about those leaps and overtime last night,
but at least it brings up a dramatic climactic game seven of tomorrow night
if they are came to the center as the falling leaves are on the precipice of saying bye-bye for another season.
But we'll see.
See what happens tomorrow.
The Wright Brothers, but of course, Frank and Schmendrick.
Right?
Right.
Wrong.
Orville.
Daryl Wright, he drives it to his old park and Northfield downs.
And once in a while wins a raceway.
567, 0560 in Wilbur,
pound 568, AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
How about a Q&A?
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How about Wreck of Comedy?
How about a Q&A?
Hello.
Not if you'd rush to the middle.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
I'd like to give you a opinion something totally different.
This couple of hedonistic checking because he's a...
Not kidding, remember?
He's a handheld.
Can't remember the word.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
Yes.
Okay, how are you doing today?
I'm still doing pretty good.
Good.
At least, and I'd like to give you a opinion of something that is going to be definitely going on in November.
And what is that?
We know it's going to be probably a very close election, right?
Not necessarily.
Well, that's what most everybody's saying.
But, probably, that is going to be a close election.
And one of the two states can actually decide the election, which is going to be Florida and Ohio.
Now, the two of them are voting with a die-bow machine, which I don't need, not by betrayal.
What do you think that if it's closed, the push of administration is going to do?
Are they going to steal the election again?
Of course, of course, Bob.
Why would they not do it again?
Why do you think that we are not doing anything about it right now, where we can?
Well, still can do something about it.
Well, there are people trying to do something about it, but good luck to them. It's all like he's had it.
You got my vote.
Make sure to vote a big one.
Okay, thanks.
Hey, they're trying.
I mean, like, our good buddy there, what's his name?
What's his name?
Our good Democratic representative up there in Palm Beach County, which I can't think of his name.
Bob, Bob and Ray.
Bob Woodward.
I'm not going to have like a brain fart on everything.
It's just one of them things, man.
Just one of them things.
And, you know, it's all your fault, too, because when you pointed that line about, we're all going to be dead.
Oh, we asked.
And it was my bad.
I misinterpreted your read, but it just seemed that you were so overwrought by it.
I just couldn't imagine what else you were going to do.
It was my bad.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to have to do that.
The full is dead.
And Palm Beach.
Oh, not Mark.
The full is the public.
And he's also late.
And if you decide that a new high-paying career was in your future,
Fast Train can have you trained already for your new job in just four short months.
Check out Fast Train at fastrain.com and then make that call a reserve your spot
for this Wednesday's free seminar.
It's called 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
I am not.
This is 420-0-FAST-6-1.
It's 2AM.
3AM.
3AM, the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music bar
with your profile story.
He was the king of Latino pop.
But since he played George W. Bush's inauguration ceremonies,
his fame has dwindled.
Go incidents?
You'll be the judge of Ricky Martin.
Well, let's look at the guy's career.
Ricky Martin's manager's slavvy gold.
Check it out.
He's a gifted child.
He's in the famous Carmbal Menudo by the time he's 12.
He's the star of the Hots' Spanish language soap opera Alcanzaro Una Esfuela.
He goes solo and sells billions of records worldwide.
Then, he dances next to George W. Bush.
He eats it big time.
You do the math.
We asked George W. Bush to comment about his withering effect on Ricky Martin's career.
I have no comment.
Except to say that Ricky was the best looking guy I ever stood next to.
And that includes Dick Cheney.
As it turns out, the phenomenon of presidential inauguration ceremonies
killing a musician's career is a longstanding tradition in America.
History expert Leon Neverbond.
At Warren Harding's inauguration, he booked a very popular group of his day called
The Knee Slaping Twits.
Well, they went right into the crapper after that.
Clean suck.
The lead singer never recovered.
Damn you Warren G. Harding!
And of course, we all remember when Hendrix played Nixon's inauguration two years later.
He was dead.
But Nixon had a good time.
Give me some a lot of purple hay.
Brown on bronzeville.
Money isn't real, baby.
Oh, look.
The dragon is swallowing the sun.
Oh.
Ricky Martin.
If he thought you'd never hear him and Dick make some mention in the same sense,
then you don't know our screwed-up show at all.
It's a big, juicy, sapping-wint-look-at-show business tonight,
an inside-of-the-behind.
Love it all three at five sixty WQM Happy Monday to you.
I mean, the Marlins lost all three and Atlanta, they got swept.
But a lot of people bring in our Marlins jerseys and caps back to the stories of what I'm hearing.
You just made no reason for the spare.
They're still waiting for it. They're still in first place.
But they lost three in a row.
Can I have my money back, please?
Got some tickets we'd like to sell.
So Charles Asnivore wrinkled up old prune frog.
Okay.
My shortcomings are my voice, my height, my gestures, my lack of culture and education,
my practice, my lack of personality, so wealthy, twenty-six-year-old friend, senior and son-writer,
Charles Asnivore, one night, in 1950, drunkenly brooding over his stall career.
Five foot three, as a matter of fact, you should like him.
He's a shrimp.
He's a shrimp.
I don't.
A shrimp-like people based on their outfits.
And then it goes around about how he, the man who reinvented the French-Char-song.
Of course, Charles-song, the more by Art and Dottie Tom Quixil.
The French-Char-song, which I have no idea what that means,
composed more than six hundred songs, sold more than a hundred million records,
is still a star and he's still alive.
And he's still alive.
Oh, no, when I ever heard that.
They hit him with five shots.
And he's still alive.
How do you like that? Charles Asnivore.
Incredible.
Kent's couldn't see his word about paper.
He's like the French-Char-song.
Now you got it?
Oh, oh, he's not quite as well connected.
A Long Island railroad commuter train and empty-amp-track train collided near Penn Station this morning,
sending dozens of passengers in area hospitals with minor injuries.
The train from Ron Concoma to Penn Station hit the-amp-track train truly before seven AM at the J-O interlocking.
And it's on the outside of the East-Aid to Penn Station.
Passengers suffer head neck and back injuries.
But I tell you one thing, good-a lot of ambulance chasing lawyers is going to be signing people up right there on the spot.
Many passengers were standing up in the train at Penn Station,
referring to the bark.
People scattered all over the place.
People complained about spring-wrestling and nixerding.
And they were going, oh, a lot like that.
Not that they were empelling you when they were standing.
Of course.
Where is the lawyer?
Let's see, Jonas Sock, well, there you go.
There's one.
The most important person of the 20th century.
I think they make me a little bit carried away, but Dr. Jonas Sock says Stephen.
Well, you know, I mean, that's not that we're going to put Stephen's choice on there.
And I was getting pushy also once a bit.
I'll think about it.
Now, don't be sending me anymore of these priests.
There's just too many priests in total time.
Eastern Orthodox Bishop gets 28 and jails for Casino Groping.
Oh, we better check that one out though.
Yeah.
Before we get into all of our Bob Woodward stuff, you see just because I didn't watch the show last night.
Doesn't mean I don't have all of the important crap right here in front of me.
What do you think I am?
Some kind of an ant-hole?
Well, for example, Saudi envoy promised Bush a drop in oil prices ahead of the election.
Yes.
Marine Dow, House of Broken Toys.
I got some, and Woodward shares more secrets on CBS news website,
which it would make sense to 60 minutes of their show.
But in that make sense.
Guess where?
Guess where?
Where?
You'll be able to see Bob Woodward.
And I'll guarantee it would be a lot better than 60 minutes because they just give you that little short piece.
I'll give you a clue.
Don't be trusted, I'll ask.
Tonight, yeah.
Tonight, we're Larry King.
He's going to be asking him, pedigrating questions.
Don't be trusted, I'll ask.
So if you have a chance to see Bob Woodward, which I will, I'll watch it.
I'll tape it all in a good way to great detail.
Traverse City, Michigan, an Eastern Orthodox Bishop who liked and jailed with debts and they've not
to be incarcerated for groping a woman's breast at a casino was ordered to spend 28 days behind bars.
Bishop Dmitry Kuhri, 55, 30, told the judge that it would be like a debt sentence to my career and thus to my very life and
treated for community service instead, but no chance.
In a 30 minute statement, he described his life and the day of the crime in great detail, including the post-exant
to made a duet see it for breakfast.
He also apologized to the victim.
He groped her.
Yeah.
Well, so like they did, he groped a breast, maybe he thought it would be like a public breast.
I don't know.
Something to grab on to, maybe he was like off balance, maybe he was falling.
Maybe he was a little bit...
Fancy.
And, shy and by omen, well I bet you'd take ten years to have said it about this.
In his home state, no less.
A former priest will serve 15 months to seven years in jail from a listing of teenage boy in a case that also involves
allegations of ritual beatings and torture his lawyer, said yesterday, ritual beatings and torture.
Great.
Anthony Jablada, what kind of a name is that?
Jablada...
Jablada Wald.
Sounds awfully Polish to me.
Anthony Jablada Wald, 69, that is his age, pleaded no contestant by me and just recorded last week to one kind of taking indecent immodest or immoral liberties with a minor.
The priest and I have taken part in any rituals, the total authority, the sex act was for spiritual reasons and not sexual ratification.
That's one of the greatest lines I've ever heard in my life.
Maybe that's why that guy in Vegas meant that's what that was all about.
He grabbed that breast, respiratory reasons.
Jablada Wald was serving at a monastery in Southeast Ohio when the church was served as two years ago.
He remained a tight-couted jail yesterday.
I'm clear whether he'd be transferred to a state-corressant facility.
I don't know that it'll actually go into the prison system.
They said that there's a safety concern.
Kind of like father, a gigant, remember him?
Oh, yeah.
Won't see him no more.
Good.
The victim now has laid 30s made allegations that Jablada's...
Oh, now his name just changed to Jablada's.
Maybe it's just a bad copy I'm reading.
Good bit.
That Jablada's, he touched his genitals at least once in the early 1960s.
It's an Anthony Catholic church in Grinsey.
The man was 17 at the time.
A authority said they were going to learn that Jablada's ski regularly took the man to the church basement,
asking them to strip before they were gagged, blindfolded, and hung upside down for the...
Oh, this is great!
He regularly took the man to the church basement and asked them to strip before they were gagged, blindfolded, and hung upside down from the ceiling.
Lerid said his client couldn't talk about the ritual setting in the oath of confidentiality concerning prayer and confession.
Oh, that's always a good excuse.
Sure.
Jablada's ski was preached in Wyoming for about 10 years.
We're certainly praying for anyone who was a victim of fathers Jablada's ski.
We certainly are praying for him, said the month senior Jirald Chalovini, some grease ball.
Let's see, untieble, can you put alien guns on your pool?
His period of fame was a summer 2000s as my complaint agent.
Sure, if we can put more Howard David on there, why not alien guns on?
Dollars.
Right?
Even though he was pretty important.
Yes?
Under Baby Jesus.
Well, I'll be damned.
Chinese clothes to flood stores as quotas lamps.
Aren't you excited?
No.
Howard Lee is pumping five million dollars into a factory in China that produces a variety of designer label clothing sold in US department stores.
The investment should allow factory output now by two to three million garments annually to triple by next year.
A lot of cheap chink clothing.
The quota free competition.
I can't wait for them to start making clothing out of the skin of civic cats.
Alrighty.
The quota free competition will be huge.
Prices will be down 10 to 15 percent.
A more of the consumer will get the lowest price on merchandise as a more of the cheap chink stuff comes flooding into America.
Here you go.
Now, let's take a couple more for the year.
Because I got some stuff here, some bedtime stories.
A lot of them.
Not that I want to do that, you understand?
Of course.
Because I don't want to give Miguel all bed out of shape.
He's probably hovering around listening somewhere in the back.
560560.
Crown 560 on the 18th and the rise in wireless line.
The most important person in the world in the 20th century was Thomas Edison 26th, Albert Einstein 25th.
FDR-22, 8th Alfred Lloyd 20, Weinstein Churchill 14, Bill V Gates has got 12.
Martin Luther King 6, Mohawar David had 6, he's doing well.
Nice going, Mall.
Absolutely.
Charles Darwin 5 JFK-3, 7th and Freud 1.
No votes yet for Lenin or Alien Kazzalas, poor little alienito just went on there out of 141.
Alienito, in fact, alienito probably had the happy meal that that cantaloupe guy would have been eaten today for lunch.
That's what I'm thinking.
But the cantaloupe guy, the CEO, McDonald's, he croaked he was only 60 years old.
Too many big Macs.
Too much to decorate.
In fact, I'm thinking to myself that probably the one company in the world that's more responsible other than beer.
For more people dying, at least in our lifetime, has got to be McDonald's, wouldn't you say?
Sure, maybe he had to be with anybody on close second.
Yeah, the big Mac attack.
They put in the vocabulary.
Who's going to be QAM?
Hello.
Good morning.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Great.
Before giving you my nominee, I just wanted to say that the person who you think you're trying to remember about the internet is Tim Berners-Lee.
Tim what?
Tim Berners-Lee.
Berners-Lee.
Yeah.
He's the guy who working at the company.
He came with Kathy Lee?
I get for it exactly.
Okay.
Now, he's the guy who was working at the University of Illinois and then really created the hyperlinking to break through that.
You know, that made the world a lot better than the same thing.
Okay, we've got a faction firming your own report.
There we go.
Okay.
Tim, my nomination is John D. Rockefeller because of his influence in the oil business.
He really, you know, the monopoly that he set up was the standard oil.
I think really set the stage for a lot of the geopolitics in the 20th century.
In fact, I think I see him on a street corner.
I handed out dimes right now.
Exactly.
I won't let him.
Bye.
Never read it.
Okay, Tim Berners-Lee.
We better put him on there.
Berners-Lee.
Got it.
Kathy Lee's skin.
And the John D. Rockefeller.
See, we'll get this thing off the ground.
And I guarantee you, even our own humble way on this marginal show, we'll still get a better
list than Tim Magazine, which is worldwide Charles Azniver, my ass, you know?
Just another no-talent frog in part of me for the kind of like Denise Poppins.
You will call our year sports video five season series, UAM.
I'm talking hobble on 5.60W.
We're at 5.607HOO.
5.607HOO.
Come and home, let me talk to the steers in Miami.
Steve, you home with me?
War in Cuminati.
Bar Crow.
What do the Marvelous have to do to win the World Series this year?
Oh, that's an easy one, Steve.
They got a swing the bat, hit the bow, they said strike.
Remember, the game of baseball is 50% hitting.
That's almost half.
50% feeling.
50% pitching.
And 20% managing.
But Crow, that's 175%.
What?
Don't you be questioning me?
Would you be in this?
Be watching.
And then, even without that, you'll be in this.
Oh no, I'm not in this.
Boy, I'll play ball, fetch, no baseball.
In the jar world, country is in hand by sign.
Did you?
Well, actually, I played in it.
I played in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
I am in it.
11, 18 and 5, 60.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
I just got a great inspiration.
Three mistakes in a 15-word sentence.
Not bad.
Nothing for him.
Nothing for him.
Because he's a moron.
Because he's a moron.
Right.
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop
Saudi VII.
Saudi sav 74 percent total total total total total total total total straight.
Saudi Arabia is ambassador to the US's
As사가 is ambassador to the US's
And Saudi's
And Saudi's Cebuaga is Medieval Eurit
Medieval Eurit
kiedy conceptual Eurit
scholar worked in кол�점
Ambassador Prince Bandar of bin Sultan, Prince Bandar of Bush to you, was given advance
information about plans to invade Iraq by Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary
Donald Rumsfeld.
The Saudis trimmed their output by a million barrels a day in the first quarter according
to Bloomberg data.
Kudor was risen 15 percent.
The record gasoline prices may blunt the economic benefits of President Bush's tax cuts
and become an issue in a presidential election.
Bandar alerted the attacks on the attack plans on January 11, 2003, two days before
US Secretary of State Colin Powell was told of the same according to Woodward.
In a meeting on January 11 with Cheney Rumsfeld in general Richard Myers, chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff, Bandar was shown a map laying out specific plans for attacking
Iraq with were writes in a book.
The map was marked top secret, no foreign meaning the classified material wasn't to be
shown in on US officials according to Woodward.
At the meeting, Bandar asked for assurances that a rectate or Sodom who's same wouldn't
survive the war as he did the 91 Persian Gulf War led by Bush's father, Cheney responded
Prince Bandar once we start Sodomist toast.
Bandar said he would take the message to the Saudi leadership if he got the same information
he just received directly from Bush.
On January 13, Bandar was called the main with Bush who said their message is my message
said Woodward.
Powell was told Bush's decision the same day.
Two days later, OPEC on March 31, agreed to reduce its production
quotas to keep prices from dropping before the March 31 meeting in Vienna in which OPEC
announced it was cutting its quotas.
Saudi Arabia's O-Minister Ali Al-Nayamie said that the kingdom was already implementing
its year of oil production cuts for April.
But just before the election, like maybe that's how false surprise, maybe those prices
will start plummeting.
Although now that it's out of the bag, wife and bother, right?
When in the squeeze when it can rape the public for either more?
Say they were wrong, the prices didn't drop at all.
There you go.
Well, let's see, here's some, what is this?
Cockney song slangs for unusable words.
I see, well, isn't that cute?
That's pretty weird.
And our friend Mike, who obviously was doing some heavy duty crap over the weekend, the
most important person in the century, Dan Marino, will do one on sports.
Don't put him on here now, Josh.
I know you could carry it away.
And he also says, can you please play Buffalo Bill?
Is this guy, I mean, what is a Buffalo Bill?
Yeah, good question.
Yeah, we'll get to it.
We'll get to Buffalo Bill.
Just calm down Mike.
Marie Dowd writes, I don't want to do too much reading here.
It's like those old nasty days, those seven months that you liked and nobody else did.
But I got some heavy duty crap here.
I'll get to it eventually.
I'll get to Kevin Spacey getting mugged and London.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT and T line.
The most important person of the 20th century, non-entertainers, non-sports.
Okay?
Okay.
I mean, we don't really need to put that on here.
Thomas Edison 40, Albert Einstein 37, FDR31.
Did we put Edward and Teller on there?
I don't see Edward Teller.
Do you?
No.
Didn't put it on there.
Did we job?
Get him on there.
Hope.
Edward Teller.
If you see Edward Teller that mom's looking for.
FDR31, Ed Hall Hitler 21, 4, Bill Gates 18, Mohawir David 16, moving up nicely.
Nice going, Moe.
Absolutely.
Winston Churchill 16, Chuck Darwin 10, goes into the best called him Chuck.
Martin Luther King 7, in fact he makes the Aburning in Christians like to up Chuck.
Alien Gonzalez III, Sigmund Freud I, Nungid for Vladimir Lenin, John D. Rockefeller, or Tim Berners-Lee.
Another reason Tim Berners-Lee ain't going to get no voices because nobody knows who that.
I wouldn't know who it was.
No.
We think we need to put in parentheses and invent the Internet.
I don't want to get like, now can you do that?
Josh?
No.
No, but I can tell Eric too.
You can tell Eric too?
Is that what I just heard you say?
What he said?
You can put in a request.
That's right.
Respectfully request.
You can respectfully request that Eric modifies us somewhat slightly and put in a
federal of the Internet.
I can do that.
So that somebody might know who that led is.
Yes.
I'm serious.
I mean we take it for granted because we're living in this era but boil.
How do we do anything without the Internet?
And those of you people out there too lazy, I mean if you can't afford a computer I understand
that.
Okay.
Go steal one.
I don't.
Don't want.
They're so cheap anymore the old ones which are cheap.
There are some people I hate to break the news to.
There are some people out there who can barely afford the radio they're listening to us right now.
No, I know.
Mr. Hatt, shot with all the big bucks you're making.
Right.
At my poorest I could afford a used computer.
Well, they don't want to use one.
They want a nice brand new compact for cereal with a nice flat screen Sony monitor.
But at any rate, seriously the people are like just old funny daddy.
So do I want to learn to use a computer.
Those people make me a gag because it changes your life.
I mean it's size.
How can we even do this show anymore without that?
You don't realize how important part of it says take it over the show?
Thank the Lord.
Anyway 27 after 11 at 5.
60 W.
If you have a spring of the savings right now and save like never before we're talking a low to cash.
On a great new car truck from Armstrong Toyota homestead.
They're on US 1 to 20 minutes out of the 836.
Armstrong Toyota homestead is worth a drive because they're going to save you so much cash.
We're literally talking thousands of dollars in savings.
Check out the great leases waiting for you right now.
An O4 camera or four runners just 269 a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 highlander just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota 10 with the safest truck in America?
Just 179 a month for 48 months.
And these are just some of the great savings waiting right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
General manager David Rich and the staff will do just about anything to make sure you get a vehicle and get you into a new Toyota 2 day.
So experience the Armstrong Toyota of homestead difference.
They're local people and operated and they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
They'll do just about anything out of the sun to make you a happy camper.
Their service department is open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done.
And it's easy to find them because they're right at the corner of US1 and 2.93rd in prestigious homestead 20 minutes south of the 836.
And wait till you hear this.
Armstrong Toyota homestead offers you free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life.
That is correct.
Tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody know where it does that.
So in only two weeks time, those mega dealers are car giants who give you the big solid advance, give you the big tout and then they'll let you down.
Called David Rista, GM at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
Call them today to make a deal of Lexibus you never seen before.
Call 305-242-3247.
305-242-3247, drive a little and save a ton.
I'm that great new Toyota today at Armstrong Toyota of homestead.
My life is in law.
This is 4356.
We're in law.
We're in law.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boikin.
I guess I'm shy.
I'm shy.
But it's cool to see.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I've got the movement.
I want to say I told you so we know that Candalooga who died this morning this
was a big Donald.
Maybe the real quick autopsy and guess what they found inside of his heart.
Big man.
Reese.
From French fries.
Not from those juicy burgers man.
Fries.
French fries will kill you.
Just ask the ducks to die over there.
I'll bet you Josh's life on him right now.
You keep eating French fries you're going to die.
Okay I'll stop now.
560.560 on the 18 and T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And I've got the pull for Wednesday too.
The most important athlete of the 20th century was.
Isn't this great?
What day is this going to be?
That one?
Wednesday.
Okay.
Why?
Oh no, don't do really.
Oh, yo I see that today you're going to be calling him sick.
Shame on you Mr.
Oh, dear piece of cake.
You can bring in a good book.
Get the above one book you can read it while I show it's on here.
And then Josh and I can like referee the choices.
I'll bring a pillow.
There you go.
The most important person of the 20th century is Thomas Edison.
49.
Didn't he invent the radio?
No, I mean how about Guillaume Marconi?
That was the 19th century.
Right?
I'm not sure.
Marconi?
Right?
Oh sure.
Are you kidding me?
I'm better looking up there.
Look up Marconi.
You know if we ask Josh to look up Marconi, look up Macaroni.
Look up Marconi.
I'll come back with a Robert Kraft.
That's just like a sentence.
Thomas Edison 49.
Einstein 47.
FDR 34.
8-all fitler 26.
More Howard David is right now near Hitler.
I see a corollary there.
Absolutely.
Bill Gates 21.
Einstein, Churchill 18.
Charles Darwin 12.
Martin Luther King 9.
JFK 6.
Alien Gonzalez for a little alienito had five.
Tim.
What is it?
Berzley.
I can't even read that damn thing.
Inventory of the amendment three.
Vladimir Lens got one.
Simon Freud's got one.
Edward Tener's got one.
And John D. Rockefeller don't have any.
Out of 255 votes.
Ben Franklin is on your list.
Cindy Hey Cindy, I hate to break the news here.
I don't think Ben, I mean some of them bills may have been around.
What's he on $100 bill?
Oh I'm asking you.
No he's not Hamilton is on the $100 bill.
No, Hamilton's on the $20 bill.
Wait.
Ben's on the $100 bill.
You're right.
See I think I may have had a few more of those.
I don't want to sound like Mr. B.
Sure.
Alexander Hamilton's on the $20 bill.
Abe Link Cohen our first Jewish president's on the $5 bill.
George Washington's on the $1 bill.
Who's on the $50 bill?
Good question.
I've had a few of those.
I've paid no attention.
U.S. grant.
I don't know.
No.
Alexander Hamilton's on the $20.
I don't know.
How about Raymond Burr?
For Aaron Burr.
Didn't Raymond Burr shoot Alexander Hamilton?
Yes.
House of broken toys rights more in doubt.
Well this is so good.
When Colin Powell decided that Dick Cheney's crazy fever was he called the vice president's obsession with linking 9-11 and Sodom
was leading the country into a war and didn't need to fight.
He should have bareed his heart to the president, made his case using the Paul doctrine with overwhelming force.
Mr. Burr probably wouldn't have listened.
He was in Mr. Cheney's gloomy sway and Remy's velocow sway and W.F. felt competitive with his more popular top diplomat.
But Mr. Powell should have tried.
And if the president didn't listen, the secretary should have quit, not let himself be used by the vice president and his guest's stop-o-office,
a Pentagon neocons as Mr. Powell referred to them to put a diplomatic figley on a predetermined war plan and to present bogus intelligence to the U.N.
He knew his word held a enormous weight around the world and he knew he was the only one out of all the officials in on the clandestine rush to war who had fought in a war.
He should have spoken up for all those soldiers who would fight and die and be named for Dick Cheney's nutty utopian dream of bombing the world in the freedom.
And W.'s dream of being so forceful with Sodom, the slime-back who survived this bomb this war, that he would forever banish his family's bait-no-wa, the Wimp factor.
It would have been much more honorable than playing her killies, sulking in his foggy bottom tent, privately pouting to Bob Woodward that he had warned the president about the pottery barn effect,
break your rack and you know what you're going to be owning this place and telling that his colleagues were engaged in lunacy.
At times with his closest friends, Powell was semi-dispondent to his pal Mr. Woodward writes in kind of attack.
His president and his country were headed for a war that he thought might just be avoided, though he himself would not walk away.
You're supposed to play. Just walk away.
Just walk away.
Thank you.
Mr. Woodward, who is clearly channeling Mr. Powell, as he has done to present Mr. Powell's side of the story in past books,
recreates his innermost thoughts.
He saw in Cheney a sad transformation.
The cool operator from the first Gulf were just, were not let go, chaining out at an unhealthy fixation.
Nearly every conversation in reference came back to Al-Qaeda and tried nail the connection with a rack.
He would often have an obscure piece of intelligence.
Powell thought that Cheney took intelligence and converted uncertainty and ambiguity into fact.
It was about the worst shards that Powell could make about the vice president, but there it was.
Everyone in Washington's been puzzling over how Mr. Cheney a reasonable cautious popular man in the first Bush administration turned into Pluto,
king of the underworld and proponent of worst-case scenarios in preemption.
But Mr. Powell shared his dread, Cassandra-like with Mr. Woodward.
The more Powell dug, the more he realized that the human sources were few and far between on a rack's WMV, it was not a pretty picture.
George Teneck comes across in the book as another profile in Craveness.
On December 21st, 2002, the CIE point to the Oval Office was in aid to present the case on WMV.
Even Mr. Bush, already deeply in mission war plans, was taken aback at the posity of it.
Nice try, Mr. Bush said. I don't think this is quite, it's not something that Joe Public would understand or gain a lot of confidence from.
Turning to Mr. Teneck, he added, I've been told all this intelligence about having WMV and this is the best we've got.
When the president asked how confident he was, Mr. Teneck premier apple-pollisher, give Mr. Bush the answer he wanted to hear. Don't worry, it's a slam dunk.
Just as the Democratic president ducked behind the parse line, I didn't have social relations with that woman, so the Republican president ducked behind the parse line, I have no more plans on my desk.
The plans were invading the House of Broken Poises, the CIE referred to a rack, may not have been sitting on his desk, but he secretly started planning with Rummy for Rune a rack in November 2001, and with Tommy Frank's starting the next month.
Once they were thick into the planning, the president couldn't turn back, of course, that would make him like to lower the bill Clinton, a lot of bull talk and not much action, not like the man as Mr. Teneck called his warrior president.
That's Rune, Dazcom, to these New York Times, I saw you, go girl.
So even though I didn't see the thing last night, the piece last night, it's just all over the place, and he'll be on Larry King tonight, 9 o'clock Eastern time.
You can watch it for me. I'll make a friend you won't watch Larry King.
No, I will not. Why is that just because he's a suspended piece of crap? Just pretending he's not there. In fact, I got a great idea for it.
Hey, listen to me. Take a piece of heavy duty card money.
His voice. Take it over the left side of the, huh? If they could get like a beach ship that would screen everything about him out of there.
What are you trying to say? I hate him. I know how to do a talk.
Yeah, well, there you go. Just, just, uh, it's quickly in such a heart. No, it's such a, uh, no, anhole.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line 19 before let the mad dog get to the Hebrew hammer it for this afternoon.
Hit that thing.
It's not a big deal.
It's a big deal.
It's a big deal. It's a big deal.
Yeah.
I think if they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Well, good morning. This is former bus, president, and former president, ledger, candidate, outdoor.
I'm here to cross the rumors. I have a life. I used to be the land who was in control. I used to be the man who was armed a role.
Now I just sit home in my own business and talk. Looking for that key to my damn lock box.
Object shading. It's like your special. Object shading. You think you're somewhere out?
Clear, Mr. Popular VP. That don't impress me much. Here at least it's bad as I am. And in a ballroom.
Now don't get me wrong. Pick up like you're alright. But how many times was your heart made at night?
But turn it.
Trust me much.
Left.
There you go. Now watch your balls.
Who's the real big man he should run? Like you know. To have a plan. There's only two types of things from text.
You know. His deathbed card run. He will show you all George Bush. You think you're special?
Of George Bush. You think you're fumbling out?
So your Mr. Popular president who? That don't impress me much.
But want to be hurt a lot. Give me so your ears will figure the wrong.
For real. Now don't get me wrong. George I think you're alright. But how many beers were your girls drink at night?
You don't impress me much. Don't look. There was a real president. A real man.
And more about fate. But look at my mind. I am the killer of attraction. You know I must have lived my cat on the philosophy thread.
I should have lived in the gym. No. I'm beautiful.
13 to the limit of 560 now. Somebody faxed and says for our pool today. Oh, some have been lawdened. Well.
Sorry. It says because since 911 left in the 20th century as we used to know it change dramatically.
Is this the 20th century? Bit of a reach.
It says life in the 20th century as we used to know it change dramatically. Is this the 20th century?
It might be back. I beg your pardon? In other words, they're trying to say things aren't as they work. No kidding.
No. Nothing is. No, that's not what they're trying to say. They're just guther dates wrong. They just don't get it.
Last time I checked 911 was in 2001. It was in the 21st century. My correct.
Absolutely. Thank you.
560.560 on the 18th and 10th Verizon wireless line. Oh, guess what John Kerry is in Lake Worth with.
Julie Burman, you see him? No. Why? Why? That's a very good question. Well, I guess he figures as much old Yenches up there in Lake Worth.
Oh, I just hope he doesn't start making the tour of the delis like West Park did. Look what it did for him.
Man, oh man. From the deli then to obscurity in just a few short months.
WDQA and hello.
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir.
Yes, I just wanted to point out that making the left one this part of the show and you would already talk about it.
Charles Darwin is from the 19th century. That's how I asked you.
Yeah, without his out, it was about the 1850s or something. The ship was the HMS vehicle.
I'll be damned. Okay. Thanks, Kelly. You bet.
Charles Darwin is from the 18th from the 19th century. So who are we going to talk about this guy with a sum of what?
It's a probably, but we can check.
Better get him off it. Now what was the other one we were asking about what the century.
There was somebody and frankly.
Vicki, Vicki, stick to light and fluffy stuff. Okay, Vicki, please.
I don't want to say you're a little bit of a bubble head, but a little bit.
A nice bubble head, but never less.
Got a five six seven or five years. He said Marconi, right?
Oh, Marconi was the other one. Yeah, he's good. He's good to go.
Yeah, well, what does that mean? He's good. Well, he's 20th century.
William, oh, Marconi. William, whatever's name was.
Correct. He is in the 20th century. Well, how about that? If we weren't from Arconi, Darwin would want to be like the 19th century.
He was what? 19th century.
That's what the guy just said. You had to look it up doubting one of our area-dite listeners as you're talking to all of you, man.
Yeah, I'm doubting.
doubting the word of one of our really articulate intelligent listeners who's probably having the word book read to him right now.
Vicki, Q.A.M. Hello.
John Bob.
Vicki, Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
Can you add, James, is Otis Elevator to the poll?
We have who?
Otis Elevator James Otis.
James Otis.
Yeah, Otis Elevator.
This must be the guy that was fixing our elevator on Friday.
Yeah, you're not fooling me. James Otis, the inventor of the elevator.
The most important person of the 20th century is the guy that went to the elevator.
Sure, it's not the one in our building.
Yeah, we hate that guy here.
You know that the guy was there when I was leaving on Friday?
You didn't see the guy, huh?
No, of course not.
The elevator.
True story.
And he was arguing with somebody, I forget who else was on the elevator.
There was bitterly complaining about what a piece of crap it was.
Oh, this is a lot better than what the ones I see.
This is just a fine elevator.
It's fine.
Yeah, we kept saying.
Oh, we're fine.
I thought to myself, you ought to be fine by the FCC just for being such an anvil.
I want to list of those places where the elevators are worse than they would be out of there.
And what is this, a corporate time-stating weasel now?
What is this all about?
How do you use in Mad Dogs lines?
They interviewed some residents of East St. Louis by number topics including politics I didn't hear Friday afternoon.
When I asked about the presidency, one guy said,
we got to get bushing out.
I'd vote for the devil over a bus.
So there you go.
Who would you vote for, the devil or W?
Well, what does this mean?
You have any idea what this means?
No.
Wow.
But it killed me at that time and wasted another few to paper.
And you fasted to me, which makes it even more perplexing to me.
5, 6, 7, hopefully you could have figured it out, huh?
Be homogeneous that I am.
How come the pool is down?
Huh?
Well, what's this happened with Eric?
Why are we changing the pool?
Took Darwin off of there.
Oh, is that why he had to take the pool?
No, and Darwin's still on mine.
Is it refreshing? And it is mild?
I still see Charles Darwin on mine.
Maybe just a moment. There you go.
Edison's 62 Albert Einstein 56.
I love how he had his tongue stuck out of the world.
It was cute.
FDR 39, Hitler 29, Mohawar David in 26.
I said that, that, that, that, that, that's absolutely.
And why did Mohawar David give it?
Get it?
Because he gave us something that none of the others did.
All the cracked.
Yup.
Bill Gates 23, Winston Churchill 20, Tim Bremmer's Lady,
the inventor of the worldwide web 12.
Wouldn't it been easier for me just to be internet?
I'm not megabordent.
I said, there's a difference.
There's a difference, okay?
Excuse me.
I mean, for me to question Eric on his terminology,
there would be really way out of line on my part.
Martin Luther King 11, JFK 7, Elianito, Elendezola 6, Edward Teller 2,
Simon Freud 1, Vladimir Lynn 1, and John D. Rekker put an on OS Freud that I was
asking about, not Darwin. How the hell did we put Darwin on there?
We're just smoking around. Well, we didn't have 20th century in the beginning when we started.
Sure we did. We did.
We changed the name. I thought I was a little bit confused today, huh?
I got the original somewhere around here. They must have really passed that good stuff around over the weekend.
Don't you queue, I'm hell.
Uncle Neil God. Yes, sir.
Question for you. Go right ahead.
Even though I'm not a Republican, Nixon changed the presidency forever.
He may have, but we no longer viewed our presidents as being, you know, untouchable and fantastic.
Maybe he really turned out to be, you know, what he was.
He was hooked. Yeah. Exactly. His value as a president, as far as the future, the president's being fairly important.
Okay. Well, we can put him on there who make you feel better.
Yeah. It'll make me feel a little better. I got one question for prognostication for you.
Yes. What's going to happen to Broward Paramutrials once the Indians opened in that month's drossily?
Well, what makes you think that they're going to let them run that thing?
I keep hearing that they're going to open it up and they're going to be, they're taking on the state.
They're going to put in a fool because you know, slots the whole deal.
What makes you think that the state is, especially in that state, that they're going to let them do it?
I honestly believe that if you look at the same property that they opened in Tampa,
you've been playing it real smart. They've been opening just what the paramutrials have.
Yeah. Because they don't want to, they really don't want to take on bush because as we all know, bush running the state is a Nazi.
Right. And he's not going, you know, let it go as far as the LT's and the machines.
Well, at the same time, he's crippling, you know, the paramutrials have been paying taxes and facilities.
Well, maybe just, maybe if they do open it, they wouldn't challenge against the state, maybe they'll force the state's handle
at the paramutrials and have the slot machines.
I, from your, from your mouth to God's ears.
No, yeah. I in fact, Saturday, I cited what the hell they was at Friday night, I cited petition at Popping of Park for these slots.
We got the same thing going on down as the facility that I currently work at at the county.
But it's a very scary thing. It's a very scary thing what's going on.
It is.
Because one thing that we know for a fact is that the governor of the state has no idea how many video lottery terminals already exist in the state of Florida with all the LTCHRs,
pouring the dollars in one after the next.
Mm-hmm.
And the fact that he doesn't know it and that he's paralyzing other facilities, not that we want to, you know, take up fortune of money from everybody.
But people are going to gamble regardless of where it is.
And if they want to gamble, let them gamble.
Amen.
Amen.
The black pali hang in there.
Enjoy the bottle, and that's God bless you.
Okay.
Okay.
The name for today's pool, somebody says Margaret Sanger died in 1966 to founder of Pan Parenthood.
All right.
And that says nobody answers the phone, the phone rings for her.
But that's going to be the screenless one, I'm sure they're a little bit confused.
You got Margaret and Margaret Sanger?
We do know.
Good.
What about God here?
She was a goer, by the way.
I beg your pardon.
There's a reason she invented Pan Parenthood.
She was a goer and a mover and a shaker is what you try to say.
She was moving it and shaking it.
The whistle is out.
I was going, you go girl.
And like Jan Arino, only she's shaking something else.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WDQM.
Have you been putting off that home improvement dream because you're afraid of a home improvement nightmare instead?
Well, here's a way to have sweet dreams because design concept builders is the answer you've been looking for.
Design concept builders has been one of the top home model in South Florida since 1983
because of their 100% customer satisfaction with their no excuses policy.
They refuse to have it on happy customer.
They offer quality work at a fair price and design concept builders are exclusive five-year labor warranty too.
Why take the risk of a nightmare when you're doing something to the house, a new addition kitchen, bathroom,
windows any of the project called design concept builders who guarantee that they're going to do it and do it right.
Call 9.54 718 67 66 or fight them on that worldwide web at design concept builders.com.
Financing's available with no payments for six months with a proof credit too.
It can also get you a 10% discount on all you're modeling through the end of the month of April with design concept builders.
So like I said, check them on the web if you like a design concept builders.com and then make that call 9.54 718 67 66.
The final call is this is my season.
The reason I'm here is all yours.
I'm a few and...
Fairlar, it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
This is Debbie.
Hi Debbie, I'm here to see you getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
And I was wondering if you could come to talk and lip augmentation cosmetic press is a facet for all of these things.
And those wondering...
More like steroids.
Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No, could you do breast implants though?
Uh, it can't be done but I don't know if they would do it right away.
The lotion in the basket.
How much?
5,000.
Excellent. I like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Laser surgery.
Have the limbs stop crying yet?
Mommy.
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and then on looking at you we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Or should I make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay, um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay, um...
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay, you put it on me.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation fee?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
You want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit nipple like a...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in the chat, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
Hello, to a 560 WDQIM.
Maybe they'll come like Donald, but you can think.
Woodward shares war secrets.
This is on CBS News.com.
We've got it on our website.
It's way, way too long for me to read here on here because it would be really ponderous.
And it would be like back in the day, you know, hit the highlights.
When I was...
I can't do that.
It's...
Because once you get into one part about how General Tommy Franks is a liar.
Yeah.
And about how do you attend this full of crap?
And about how Cheney and Colum Paul aren't talking to each other at all.
There's like a gigantic iceberg between the two of them and they have like no relationship at all.
No more.
But it's on our website.
I'll put it on the side here, okay?
And maybe a little later on, but I don't.
It's just too long.
You can read it in its entirety on our website on eorogges.com.
Or you can watch Bob Woodward on what's his name tonight.
The one we don't want to mention.
You're a good friend.
This is suspended, the hunchback.
But six years before the 9-11 attacks, the CIA wore it in a classified report
that Islamic extremists likely would strike on U.S. soil and land bars in Washington or New York
or through the airline industry, according to intelligence officials.
Six years before, though hauntingly pressioned the CIA,
is 1995 national intelligence estimate did not yet name or some of it law as a terrorist threat.
But within months, the intelligence agency developed enough concern about the wealthy,
Saudi-born militant to create a specific unit to track him in his followers.
And in 1997, the CIA updated his intelligence estimate to ensure bin Laden appeared on its very first pages and emerging threat,
cautioning that his growing movement might translate into attacks on U.S. soil.
The official said that, although new details about the CIA's 1990s response to the terrorist threat.
So I think it's really great that we're in business with the Saudi,
that the portion of the Saudi connection continues being suspected best and terrifying at worst.
It's like a river.
Yeah.
The Prince Bond are new about the Iraq plans two days before ruling coal and Powell.
Oh, here's this guy who's getting militant now.
Why didn't you add, as in earlier callous to this, Bill Wilson thought about callous anonymous.
Oh, that is wrong with these people.
I mean, we'll put it on here, but I mean, he's the most important person of the 20th century.
Well, you know those dry drugs. They're all, you know, most.
No, not seriously. I mean, even the guy when he called was like, if it wouldn't have been for the 12th century,
the 12 steps for a bunch of emotional cripples, okay?
Amen, brother.
No, seriously, they all did it.
Jesus crapped on all this other baloney, admit your powerlessness, that you're doing anything without God.
The 12 steps, which helped you continue through the rest of your life until you're dying day as an emotional cripple.
Or you just go, oh, lastly, turn the ice cream. Oh, that's something different.
Yeah, you need 12 steps.
I need one step, a step away from the food.
Just one big, giant step.
Step away from the kitchen, a step away from those rice trunks. That's just one step at a time.
I'm losing my weight one step at a time.
Boy, so put Bill Wilson on here.
Okay, how about Jay Frank Wilson? It was the last kiss.
Right?
Bill Wilson, you got it. How about Big Wilson?
Sure.
You got it all out.
Oh, that's tomorrow's hold. Big entertainer.
Oh, that's right. Big entertainer.
Thank you too much for being the hell of a big five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 T and for
our world's line.
The most important person to the 20th century.
We're talking about non-athletes, non-entertained types except for my good friend Moe.
Absolutely.
How are you David?
Thomas Edison, 73 Albert Einstein, 64 FDR 44.
How come Roosevelt ain't doing better than that?
He brought us out of the depression. He won non-tomorrow.
Nobody remembers that.
Nobody remembers that.
Oh, they remember Thomas Edison though?
Yeah, light bulb.
They like when he had that horn to a zero and he was like, say hello, hello, hello, hello.
I had a little heartening in the arteries problem.
How old was he when he died 90 or something?
150.
No, I'm not sure if they how to look it up. It was ancient.
All right. 90th night, which is, I think old enough.
FDR 44, eight off Hitler had the...
And again, how can you only have 31 votes?
It's just unbelievable to me.
Moe Howard David has got 29.
He's right up there with Hitler, which most people in building would agree with that.
Bill Gates 26 wins in Churchill 25.
Tim Burnersley is moving up rapidly in better their worldwide way.
Well, slowly 18. Martin Luther King 13.
That's because we have all white folks listening.
Alien Gonzalez 11.
That's because that guy from the Air Force listen.
What a... what a...
Ant-hole, you know?
See, if we keep saying these often enough, it'll become...
It'll just slip out as opposed to having to stop and think like,
what word do I say now?
Right.
You have to like re-educate.
You have to like re-ah... I go to school all over again.
Where's my new vocabulary?
Ant-hole.
What's uh... Carrie talking about?
Deal. That is outrageous and unacceptable to the American defense.
So we'll be correct.
Dana, what are they saying at the White House?
Well, here's what they're saying. Well...
Well, we don't give a crap what they're saying at the White House.
We just want to hear more John Kerry.
I hope that he... I don't know. He just... don't say it.
More Howard David, it's got 30.
Look at that. Bill Gates 27.
Churchill, didn't I already do these?
Well, I got interrupted by seeing him.
I thought it was more of the live stuff.
JFK 8. Edward Teller 2.
Lenin's got one. Freud's got one.
John Deerecoviller, he don't even have one.
And he did a Dick Nixon or Bill Wilson in better way.
And we've even put inventor of AA.
I think we probably should put founder of AA, not inventor.
What? You invent an organization where you found it.
I know that you heard that Josh didn't do that because Josh don't have the ability to do that.
Not that I want to blame Eric because Eric spent on a real role here lately.
Especially since I sent him that check.
All right, Edison.
But Josh had the ability.
If I had the ability to do, I take you out here right now and keep your goddamn teeth in.
And I see there's another one we can't play.
You dump it I did too.
We're all dumping it.
I can't believe it.
Everything I plan here, there's something in it.
We got a, we got a, we got a belief in that.
Four Alex Bennett even.
Gee, that's so, uh, dang, dang, uh, bad.
Oh, speaking of Alex Bennett.
Yes?
Thomas Edison was born in 1847.
I don't care what he was born.
How old was I when he was in 1931, which sounds like 84.
But you can check that.
He was born in when?
1847.
1847.
53 and what?
31.
1847.
1847.
Very good.
So Thomas and Nate saw 1847.
But those last few years, they had a little bit of a hearing problem, a little hardening
of the arteries.
Say, baby, hey, you need a various angeles while you need it, but that nice to mop.
How many Q&A, hello?
Hey, Neely, how you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, Pally.
Hey, you know, there's a guy named Vince Serp, who was supposed to be the father of the Internet.
Yeah.
I think he made it the worldwide.
He was the one that was most responsible for getting it out there.
How do you say that?
Vince Serp, E-E-R-F.
Like, good job.
I'm sure.
Okay, thanks a lot, man.
Vince Serp, you got it?
In fact, that's why they call it surfing the web, isn't it?
Okay.
Oh, come on now.
Oh, oh.
You could serve the waves with the Jen and Dean, but of course one of them is dead.
Which one died Jen, Barry?
Yeah, he's dead.
Dead.
Dang it.
I was going to say, damn it, but I can't say that no more.
Okay.
It...
Boy, I hope that the beesleaves and viacom and everybody else has some success in battling
off these lumen flakes at the FCC.
These sense...
Nice job.
But they're hailed by the way, Glenn Garvin.
There's done absolutely nothing.
You know, since the early days when Stern got dropped by a tube channel, since then he's
done nothing except the sentence of a couple of stupid faxes or messages.
Oh, oh, can I sit on a show one day, but a writer piece about this?
Yeah.
Write a piece about this.
I don't write a piece on the Civil War while you're at it.
It's something really timely, Glenn.
What a rag that is.
In fact, I bet you that the militant cuban there at the airport on Saturday that I'm
counting.
I bet he reads the herald.
Or maybe somebody reads it to him.
Come in to QA and hello.
Not there.
Right.
QA and hello.
Hey, Polly, how you doing?
Okay.
I got a suggestion for your poll.
Here's the guy that's got it.
I can already tell.
Yes, sir.
How about Mr. Ford?
Mr. Ford.
General T Ford.
No, not that, that's your old Ford.
Henry Ford.
Oh, Henry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Henry Ford.
He was the president.
He was the boxer rock.
He was the guy we got now if that's possible.
Okay, thank you.
Henry Ford.
Got it?
Berlin anti-Semite, by the way.
That's why George likes him.
Henry Ford.
I owned a Ford one.
I owned a, I would just stop already.
Would you just stop or lacks?
Relax.
He started winning me over on that whole money already did win me over on that thing over there.
And by the way, nice going aerial sure on not lunatic maniac.
And what are they all say over there now?
Oh, it's a bush in the US behind us.
That's right.
And if that's the best control we got over aerial sure on with the millions and millions and millions and billions and billions that were pouring up into his fat ass, then there's something really really rotten in Denmark and it ain't Copenhagen either.
Something really stinks bad.
You just wait the next few days, boy.
This homostick, they're going to come striking back.
There's going to be all sorts of dead people, bloodshed and the grotesque crap.
Yeah, and it's worth it there too.
Now you think we're having a few problems along the way with the road back?
If I hear that term one more time, man.
Road man.
The road.
Yeah.
How are they talking about it?
I think somebody peed on his matzo over pace off aerial sure on.
And I was taking it out on everybody else.
Lunatic maniac.
He don't want no settlement with the Palestinians.
He just wants more and more settlements.
That's what he wants.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
And I'm going to say the same thing.
I said on Friday.
I'll say it again.
The idea that anybody should have to die because of the Israelis and the Palestinians.
Let them kill each other like Michael Moore said.
What does that guy do with the price of anything?
They got no oil.
They got nothing that we want.
Who the hell needs them?
If they want to continue their 5,000, you will crap while I let them go ahead.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And all great.
We've got our own problems over here.
Right.
Lunatics, maniacs, religious fanatics, man.
And of course the main part of it is that the religious fanatics aren't the main part of the population among either group.
And the main part of the population is say, hey, cut the crap away.
We like to stay alive.
No.
Can't do it.
1213 at 560 WQM.
You've heard about the big demand and high paid potential for computer professionals.
Have you wondered if this career is for you?
Yes.
Well, here's your chance.
Fast-train is hosting a free one hour seminar in computers and networking this Wednesday night at both of Miami and Fort Lauderdale campuses.
You can learn free basic PC troubleshooting and networking.
Let me say it again.
Absolutely free.
Seeding for this free computer seminar is limited.
So pick up the phone and call Fast Train today.
1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
All attendees to the free seminar will receive a diagnostic tool at no charge.
So call out a reserve your spot.
866-FAST-TRAIN.
And if you do decide that a new high-paying career is in your future, Fast Train can have you trained and ready for that new job in just four, count them, four short months in other words by the end of summer.
So check out the seminar Wednesday night by a call and reserve in your seat.
Check them on the web if you like it fast-trained.com.
So be sure to make that call for the seminar at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
And be sure and tell them that the useless Todd Brett told you to call.
You're here, sportsmen, you're 5-6-0.
You am.
Yes.
You're a car.
You love it.
You need it.
And you want to protect it.
But how?
You've tried the club.
You've tried Lo-Jack.
You even put your trust in the Wootheedle alarm system that came with your car.
But where did it get you?
Now, the answer is here.
With the Palestinian Carlaw.
The sound that could wake the dead.
And it's yours, heck, will wake the neighbors.
The Palestinian Carlaw works because it's not a mechanical device.
It's a genuine Palestinian.
And boy is he alarm.
The Palestinian Carlaw not only sounds as startling alarm.
It also uses verbal messages to ward off would-be intruders.
You oughta go call to vehicle.
And if he's persistent, the Palestinian Carlaw will make them pay the ultimate price.
I won't break these car to be thrown in right by homeland.
Time for your to die.
What do you buy about sunset strip or the Gaza strip?
You need the Palestinian Carlaw.
Boy!
From 18 to 5.60 WDQM, I tell you one thing.
You know, we need just a couple of seconds of.
I'm so scared of smitten with that thing, man.
It's just nice call, Boka, you maniac.
All weekend long.
Amazing.
I'm not going to take that bad all around in my head.
Here's one that says, my oldest per Henry Ford, if not for the mass production of the automobile,
we wouldn't have the suburbs and the inner city wouldn't be as it is today plus you have your vet.
There you go.
Henry Ford, a virulent anti-Semite.
I don't know why I keep mentioning that, but I don't know.
I don't know what else to be known for.
I don't know what it ever says.
What do you mean by that?
You better read your history, mister.
You better read your anti-Semite history.
No, thank you.
Got to talk to, what's his name over there at the Corridged Presbyterian Church, Dr. D. James Kennedy.
He probably didn't like a whole lot of ethnic groups and I still don't care.
You know what the D stands for in D. James Kennedy, don't you?
Doss.
Dan Bigot.
Oh.
Bush and this they blame for rising illegals.
Here's another good reason to vote for L. President.
Not.
The number of illegal aliens being apprehended on these southwestern borders jumped 25% in the first few months of this year.
Compared with last year and many are blaming President Bush's immigration proposal in January,
for enticing immigrants across the border.
Nice going, W.
Not.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to take the President's speech was the catalyst for lots of folks to make their way north
and try to get in this country in order to get what they accurately believed to be antiseptic,
and representative Tom Pencrito, Republican of Colorado, and chairman of the House of Immigration Reform Caucus, Republican of Colorado.
The increase in apprehensions was driven by a spike within the two Arizona sectors, UMA and Tucson,
which saw increases of sissy and 51% respectively, and if apprehensions are increasing, so is the number of illegal aliens making across the border freely,
so Mr. Dan Quato and current former and former immigration law enforcement officials also say they assume for every one person caught three-micketeers across safely, three out of four.
So there you go.
Great.
Open up his arms and legs and say, come on in, you know.
What a crocker crap.
560-560.
Tom 560 on the 18th, the horizon.
It's almost as good as that.
Not quite.
Oh, better.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what do you guys think that it was bad about what happened in Israel and the Palestinian territory was the harsh leader?
Well, what does that mean?
I don't think we mentioned that.
Yeah, you guys just talked about it.
I just was talking about it, yes, about the children as a lunatic, yes.
No, that's one thing, but is killing terrorists because they're bad?
Sir, let me say it to you again.
This is the same guy who calls every time with his Zionist, the frenzy, a castle hoist.
Okay, that's my comment to you.
He's killing terrorists as that, and along with everybody else, if they really want to sit down and have peace,
this is not the way to go about doing it.
He's getting everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
You know, if they hit us, so we hit him back, they hit us.
It's a perpetuating, it's like a dog chasing its tail, and antholes like you, are people continue justifying it.
That's a revolutionary idea.
Everybody comply with international law.
No, no, everyone.
No, everybody except Ariel Shuron.
Oh.
This is the same one, the same guy that calls no matter what they do over there.
This guy reminds me of the one I was telling about that was in my house last Thursday or Friday.
I don't want to see what it was.
It's very depressing.
Yeah, give me a song and an answer to this Jewish guy about how he's forebored because, you know,
if we got Saddam out of there, it's good for Israel.
And let me say it again, if you're in the United States, worry about what's good for the United States first.
Now what's good for Israel?
Now what's good for Cuba?
What's good for America, okay?
All these people give me a song and an answer because I'm sitting up here in Toronto, Canada, hey?
I noticed that with a local.
And one of the reasons I'm sitting in Toronto, Canada is because I'm sick and tired of stupid, stupid people like that.
We wouldn't know where to find any of these places on a map with both hands.
We're going to get rid of terrorists, start with Shuron.
Yeah, there you go.
That's right.
Good point.
But don't confuse that guy with the facts because he's just another brainwashed lunatic.
That's all.
I think he had too much bad history when he was a child.
Very nothing like his for them.
I agree.
It's a nice gravy.
Oh man.
It'll tear your guts out though.
So anyway, pal, you out.
We'll see you on the first boat.
Okay, we'll see you on the slow boats of Tel Aviv.
If you're so crazy about it there, good bye.
Have a good time.
Good luck.
Well, pack you some, not not a whole lot.
And we really have to pack a lot.
You have to be at the main.
No, no, no, no, no.
Seriously, you have to be a maniac to be there.
You have to, and these people have said their kids off there to the public.
Oh, God.
And to hear it in there, it's like, it's like sending off your kids to be a human sacrifice.
It's like inviting your kids to sign up for the US military right now.
And the last couple of days over this last weekend, we're starting to hear that nasty five-letter word
is rearing its ugly head and it begins with the D and ends in a P.
Yeah.
Strap.
Starting to hear that word, rear its head again.
Then you'll see, of course, they wouldn't do that Tel Aviv,
they wouldn't make an attempt at that.
So boy, oh boy.
Then you'll see some people right now are busy picking their nose,
get real concerned about what else going on.
And how many, and over the weekend, I didn't even mention this at the beginning
because I usually mention the casualties.
And 11 more soldiers die over the weekend, US.
So now we've topped the 700 mark.
We sure went fast from 500 to 700, didn't we?
Yeah.
Over 100 distance, the first of this month and the last time I checked his only the 19th.
And I got a feeling I hope I'm wrong.
Next month might be worse.
Yeah.
All the closer we get to June 30th.
Because we're picking up steam.
And of course, like I said, what's this guy was listening to because he only hears what he wants to hear.
The reaction to the killing of this Hamas comeback.
See, there he goes again.
You know something?
Listen to me.
This whole thing with the words, this company, not not the company,
the people inside, the Muffin-Misturand Clarence, who's as useless as a dead frog,
they've just carried it too far.
They're the wrong, they're absolutely wrong.
So the idea that we can't say S-bag is so ludicrous, it's unacceptable.
Products on the shelves, we can't mention them.
Right.
I mean, anyway, what that was I saying?
But when they came to the...
Oh, right, they've got that.
They're taken it now is that this was Bush and the West.
Whatever Sherone does, and of course they do have a point to a degree
because the West and the ones who are keeping him in power,
making it possible for him to keep doing his crap.
Right.
And building that wall and increasing these settlements,
and they're going around killing people.
And of course, the medicine people always have to die in the process.
So on a one-handed talk, peace is like the old day like I keep telling you.
People have bitch about how fat I am,
but keep pushing food in front of my face on the other hand.
Pushing with one hand, pulling back with the other.
Kind of like a lot of henna seed in the stretch of pomp and opart.
Here's the fact that it says from Deb, she says,
how about Watson and Crick?
They discovered DNA, double helix genetic code.
They won the Nobel Prize for that.
Watson and Crick.
Well, see our crowd in QN, they'll think we're talking about Tom Watson the golfer.
Sports!
And then we'll think, they'll think we're talking about being up a Crick,
which we are.
Watson and Crick.
What time is there Sherone?
So let's put that on there.
Got it?
Got it.
I'm up a Crick.
It says from this one discovery, there have been countless advances in medicine and genetic discovery.
Keep up the good work spread the word, bush is a donkey hole.
It says here, well that's not bad, Debbie.
A donkey hole.
That's right.
I like ant hole better.
Vintan G. Surf is commonly referred to as the father of the Internet.
Thank you, Pally, whoever called before.
How come we didn't know that?
I don't know.
I mean, we know about Venice, Surf, and Arlene Francis and Supe sales.
And Surf, the surgeon.
What was Arlene Francis?
This is Martin OG.
It'll come to your husband's name.
He was also on Watch My Line.
Marvin Boreman here.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh man.
Anyway, during his tenure of Vintan Surf, I wonder if there's kind of Bobby Vintan.
From 7682, the US Department of Defense's Advanced Research, Prior to FI, in C. DARPA,
he played a key role in the development of Internet and Internet-related data packet
and security technologies, including co-designing the TCP-IP protocol.
I see.
And the TCP protocol.
As Vice President of the MCI Digital Information Services, 82-9-6, he led the engineering of MCI,
male, the first commercial email service to be connected to the Internet.
In December 97, he was presented the US National Medal of Technology by President Clinton,
along with his partner Robert Compton, for these accomplishments.
He has referred to as the father of the Internet.
Vintan Surf.
There you go.
Let's put that in there in parentheses.
The father of the Internet.
How you like that?
For your father.
For your father.
Get that on to Eric Arrell's.
27th-Hellar else or not.
27th-Hellar, QA.
And we got the mad dog coming up at 2.
Oh right.
We got the Hebrew hammer from Shula State to the Magna-Lakes.
I didn't see Hank his life trip in the city.
Lost the answer to?
No.
Oh.
Speaking of that, what a segue.
Do you like the way that the book is dedicated to providing you with the best products
for losing weight for that phase of your low-carb diet?
If you run the Act, it's the Sugar Buster, the South Beach, or any low-carb sugar-free diet.
This is a story you'll love to lights away Spokane because it's the number one low-carb store in the universe.
Now many of the new reduced-carb products on the store shelves are just geared to recreating back-on carbs, not on losing weight.
If you're fat like I mean, you really want to lose that weight, the lights away Spokane is the place to go.
The expertise has always been on the weight-loss phase of low-carb dieting.
And the lights carry over a thousand delicious products for you with the focus toward that lowest-carb possible
that have continued to waste success of low-carb weight loss plan.
The spring sale at the lights is in full swing right now, so stop on by.
There's staff who is dieting inside and out, and they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
The lights away Spokane will fight them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441.
Next to Boston Market, you can call them for more info at 1-877-Low-Carb-L-O-W-C-A-R-B.
That's W or on www.lowcarb.com.
The lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
The lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
The lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
The lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retail City.
And the lights away Spokane is your official Atkins Retalo City.
And the lights away Spokane has provoked all unfairly
Twelve thirty two at five sixty two there didn't have
guilty of the side by some of that speech just a little bit you know it.
Okay, there's a group of people who decided somewhere along at some point that
Howard Dean wasn't going to be the candidate. Right, we don't know who those
people are. No, but nevertheless they decided that
at some point he wasn't going to be the guy. And so as it's enough to make you
scream. I was wrong, I missed both. I said 11 Americans soldiers died over the
weekend. Now it's 12. It's hard to even keep up.
Sergio and Hylia with a fake name says, which he's been using this fake name
How about a link to lunaville.org it has up to the mid-into line where I
casually we want to put a link on our website to that I don't think so it's
to depressing to morbid. But if anybody wants to see that lunaville
at unavildea.org
Okay, how they can keep track about the way it's going right now.
Beats your automate over 700 and you don't even say it was worth it anymore even
jokingly even so because it ain't worth it and it ain't funny no more.
Now see Colin Powell to me he's one of the real triggers in a wood pile because he knew
earlier what was going on and he went and he had an opportunity to that speech up
and he said I'm not going to read this voluishment remember reading about that right
and then they got to him and somehow someway every time we would see he was on the verge of
saying the truth all of a sudden he'd come out a few hours later they must have really
with his ass in the shape or made threats on his family or whatever. Keep thinking of that godfather
trial right oh yeah it was between the brothers and all of a sudden he sang a different tune
he had the opportunity to resign his post and to tell the public what a farce this all
was but no it goes in front of the u.n. and lies to his teeth he should look kind of
easy lie to her teeth at least he's got the gap. John Dean now and there's so many books
I gotta buy I gotta go out get the John Dean book worst in watergate the secret presidency
of George W. Bush by John Dean another Republican by the way the man who told Nixon about the
cancer on the presidency and now we got to get the Bob Woodward book which is called plan of attack
and keep in mind that Bob Woodward in his first book on Bush I don't remember what the name of that
was Bush uh whatever was Bush at war something like that he had kissed his ass basically for several
hundred pages and all of a sudden that he's written this book oh and he don't know what he's
talking about he's a bad guy he's got an agenda right sure Kevin Spacey mugged and beaten in
London Park oh my god what did I do with that thing what do we call that just a minute relax okay
get the truck get the truck get the truck get the truck put me on the board John put me on the
first one the last one was okay I had a good belief in I dumped it anyway that's what you think
yeah you get the truck the last one all right that's not about this this is gotta be okay I think go
to lunch George that's okay go to lunch will you go to lunch you know I'm I'm put the whole
long thing in there when I listen I don't know what you called it um maybe I put it under
Glenn Hill oh there it is oh no he should talk to me that way thank you how are you talking to me that
way how can you talk to me that way I worked here I didn't come in here to be missed period that's
why I came in a work today that's why I come in I'll let you know that's why I came in here I don't
I don't want to go to lunch George where did she get off talk that way to a working man
when you take it outside we have people trying to do business that's what I came in here for that's
what I'm trying to do I mean I need to stop a diet excuse me I made to stop a diet I need to stop a
diet that's not right that's not that's long enough you get out of here will you get out of here will
you I'm trying to run an office here now will you go to lunch go to lunch will you go to lunch no
anybody who doesn't watch that movie especially if you know if you sales holes or knowing
your time you got to see Glenn Gary Glenn Ross anyway getting back to heaven space you who's great
in that movie double Oscar star Kevin Spacey she's been brutally mug I mean he's been brutally mug
the 44-year-old actor to a police he was attacked and robbed of his mobile phone while walking
his dog in the London Park at 4 30 in the morning it was treated in a hospital for head injury
but bizarrely hours later a spacey was constantly thought rumors that he is gay
contacted officers to withdraw his earlier claim baffle police said there is no crime to investigate
now spacey who lives near the park was unavailable for comment last night
spacey baffle police by complaining he'd been mugged and told him to forget about it why why
did they start I see that's the headline in the uh british daily the mirror dot uh
co dot uk got it uk you go the ask when they movie star said a mystery attacker beaten
robbed him of his mobile phone as he walked his always just got through saying that he reported
the assault officers within 30 minutes and went to hospital for treatment of a minor head
injuries but hours later if we turn to the police station where he made his complaint and dropped
the robbery claim confirming that a man in his 40s had reported a mugging scotland yard said he
had a head injury and saved him robbed of his phone but then he returned him with you the
allegation effect as far as police say maybe it was his boyfriend you think sort of think of it
yeah that's what they're trying to make us think well you know them brits oh it's bigger than
brits I don't want to be any more about this because he's okay and he probably made it all up
probably got into a snip with his boyfriend but anyway the brits last night I
was a much more music channel which I have no idea it was one of those feature uh
glitzy things they show now and then that has them new with music they had a piece on the
brothers rills and hairy prince William and hairy yeah and I'm gonna tell you like I've always
said the past the brits just make me sick to my stomach because they're so emotionally
concentrated and such a bit of silly useless people I'm gonna tell you man this was nauseating
when are you brits out there now we have a few in the audience although they probably bailed
out for good reason when you're gonna stop already with living in a distant past good golly miss molly
billions were talking about billions there are people starving and they're all over England all
over the british ills they're starving over there and not only that but that's the one we
didn't look at that too and they're spending billions on the monarchy and the royal family and all
of their residences in prince Charles 17 million dollar mansion and this one over here and at the
bowel moral up there in Scotland and they show up Charles walking around with this kilt son and all
this other crap man oh man you talk about people living in the distant past people with a
serious ego problem is what they got the French and the Russians had the right idea and then they
talk about the the the Windsor family and how many billions and billions they're worth and all
this other garbage they have just just the art collection alone is worth 22 billion dollars
can't just the art collection alone is worth 22 billion well they deserve
well how come you don't want to send some of the access to this little queen
here's 4.056 US UAM
the conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the heir apparent her son prince Charles
hello hello Charles yeah it's it's mom
and mom what you call for game mom I'm worried about you Charles mom you can't keep calling me
every day and I'm very worried the calling me last 10 times a day mom I've been having the
newspaper here the daily mirror yes I don't read such rubbish well did you happen to see
the front page I didn't see mom I don't read such rubbish I told you it says is Charles bisexual
what is it true Charles what is it say mom it's Charles bisexual
what does it mean by that mom it means you like the lassies and the lads
but don't cry the lads mom don't cry mom it's true it's not true
I know I should have thought somewhere wrong would I call you listening to could I
ain't I like him on me so good singer I mean that's all this too
and all those Barbara strides and movies and they can make you know I love to read
yet oh mom that doesn't make me buy Harry Harry's fine what is watching him shower right there
where you crying mom it's true isn't it what it's true it's not true you're my sex you're
I am not bisexual I don't have any sex the woman I'm dating mom looks like a horse I mean
she doesn't give it to me at all you know that is that why you go for the men I don't go for the
book so which not true I'm going to be king of England yes I'm worried about oh you worry mom
you'll be looking and the queen I can't can you this conversation any longer mom
all right my day's here your day the commander I'm all in early who who is that
so I just a friend is that commander it's only Ernie who's Ernie
off-road dirty who is Ernie we play football together mom you don't play football
we play games together mom I've got to go to have them stop crying stop crying
oh pulling
who stuck around one extra week after Easter and paid off the ones who didn't leave that
last previous weekend, they all bailed out this last weekend.
So I would imagine the CPA spokesman Dan Senior said in the Atlantic Journal Constitution
in fact it is no reporting.
Senior military spokesman Mark Kimett had a suggestion for a rackie who saw some of it
in Deaths and Al Jazeera, changed the channel to a legitimate authoritative on this news
station.
The stations that are showing Americans intentionally killing women and children are not legitimate
news sources that is propaganda and that is lies.
Acting is the substitute anchor on CNN's Wolf Blitzkrieg reports Kagan began the interview
by asking L. Sheik to respawn of those accusations, citing US officials saying the pictures in
the reporting that Al Jazeera put on the are only adds to the sense of frustration and anger
and adds to the problems at a rack rather than helping solve them.
After Al Jazeera's work is accurate and the images is representative of what takes place
in the ground, Kagan pressed on.
Isn't the story though bigger than just the simple numbers with all the respect to
the Iraqi civilians who have lost their lives?
Is the story bigger than just the numbers of people who were killed or the fact that
they might have been killed by the US military?
That the insurgents, the people trying to cause the problems with infallusion are mixing
in among the civilians making it actually impossible, making it actually possible that even
more civilians would be killed if the story is that why a rackie insurgent what a rackie
insurgents are doing in addition to what is the response from the US military?
CNN's argument that a bigger story than civilian deaths is what the Iraqi insurgents are
doing in the provoked US response is startling, especially in the United of the official
that the US denials the civilian deaths, video footage of women and children killed by
the US military's evidence that needs to be seen.
And Al Jazeera's not alone in reporting a reality very different from the one US officials
describe, authorities haven't able to keep attack right on the information flow from
a phalluja with only one small TV network pool in the city that travels and operates under
the watch of the Marines.
It is noteworthy that the US is reportedly demanded as a condition for lifting the siege
of phalluja that Al Jazeera cameras be removed from the city.
But independent journalists reporting from phalluja describe the scene consistent with the one
broadcast by Al Jazeera, Rahul Muja Hajjana, a US journalist and phalluja estimated that
of the 600 rackies killed in phalluja, 200 women and 100 young children with many of the
adult male casualties also non-combatants.
He reported witnessing a young woman 18 years old shot in the head and the young boy
with massive internal bleeding at a clinic.
Mahajjana recited that during the ceasefire Americans were attacking with heavy artillery,
but primarily with snipers, with ambulances among the targets.
The sniper activity was also reported by US journalist Dar Jamal.
Al Jazeera's insane Marines are opening fire randomly on unarmed civilians and have
attacked clearly marked ambulances.
When reports from the ground are describing hundreds of civilians being killed by US forces,
CNN should be looking to Al Jazeera's footage to see if it corroborates those accounts,
not bagging Al Jazeera's editor by why he didn't suppress that footage.
They're in taken bubble head, pawn, propaganda, spesia crap, and whole.
I just mentioned that.
You're right.
I'm stunned.
I have another speaker.
560.560 on the ATAT and Verizon wireless line.
Line 9, QAM, hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to speak with Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, this is Richard Pro, you talked about me on the air actually.
Oh, not, but we want to clarify not the Richard Pro from the Neil Con group.
No, not at all.
Actually, I'm calling today because I have Craig Unger who wrote House of Bush,
House of Saad on my show.
Really?
Yeah, he's coming on at 5 o'clock on Waxy, that little dinky little station.
Right.
He's going to be on today at 5 o'clock.
I think when I use my show to promote your show.
I think no, no, it's not only that.
I think it would be good for people to hear it, though, because I think what you're doing
is a great service.
And this is an opportunity for people to see the connection between Bush and the bin Laden.
Yeah, the timing is perfect.
I had the book sitting on my coffee table in the bedroom.
I haven't started yet.
I've got five others.
All right, well good.
So I'm on today at 5.
And I just, I think I can do it.
I can do it.
790 Waxy, nothing we want you to be listening around this station, but just to
Well, this way they don't have to listen to sports for a while.
Well, it's not always that way.
You are a farmstaking anyway.
So 90 Waxy.
That's true.
Anyway, listen, you're doing a great job.
I love your website, too.
And I just wanted to call in.
I'm the other Richard problem, a homegrown thing.
And I decided to do this because.
I would definitely change my name, Richard.
You know, I'll tell you something.
I travel overseas.
It's tough.
You know, now it's like, I don't want to go.
Because these guys who may pull me out of the hotel room don't like spelling.
And they don't hear me.
I'm going to go to my international and some old Cuban guy, my
graduate would say, how come your name on the passport?
They'll probably give me a free pass.
They'll say, ah, right wingers, you go.
Good point.
Like I said, keep it the same.
All right, well anyway, thanks for giving me a other free point.
Thanks for your doing a good job.
Bye bye.
Okay.
Here you go.
Other stations using the O'Rider Show to promote their show.
No problem with us.
Huh?
I mean, we want you to listen to the Hebrew hammer.
Sure.
But if you're not sports intensive, right?
Right.
Just write it down and listen to him.
I'll make you porn.
I said, hey, how you doing?
Are you telling these people to write down QA and good?
And by the way, I'm glad you mentioned that because we've got the AIDS Outflow
to Chief Channel stations on our website that you ought to avoid like poison
like the plague of your sick and tired of clear channel and what they've done.
Not just with Howard Stern, but what they've done in general.
To this business.
Just say, no, to clear channel, okay?
So there's Richard Pearl.
I remember the day the first day somebody called and said,
Oh, Richard Pearl has got a show and I just went nuts.
But how the hell am I going to know there's another Richard Pearl, huh?
Nobody knows.
I didn't know that Richard Pearl from Pearl Bailey.
From Jack Bailey, who's the driver of Vernon Downs?
56670560, count 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Somebody QA and hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let's let that Halle Green spans that I'd list.
Really?
Yeah, well, you're right out of power.
I'll tell you that.
I'd tell you what, you know what, their sting poll is done in France.
And I think Jerry Lewis won.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Who would you rather spend a weekend with Jerry Lewis,
a Rowland Green span?
Put him on there.
Alan Green's phone.
Got it, John?
Can you hear what?
The most important person of the 20th century,
and again, if you tune in late, which you probably did,
time magazine does this thing every year.
Once in a while when they got nothing else going on like us.
Then they take a poll worldwide.
No less.
Well, time magazine is worldwide.
To mark the turn of the century,
they profile 100 individuals from five fields of endeavor
who have shaped 100 years.
Who are your choices?
And they list, look at the number of votes on here.
Churchill, leaders in revolutionaries,
he's got 1.3 million,
$164,000 or some odd votes.
Is that incredible?
And he's just barely ahead of AT&T.
Didn't he used to be like a foot doctor
at Cleveland Clinic, the editor guy?
He's one of the quads that the rumors have me to, I believe.
And then they chased his ass out of town, yeah.
That rumor, he won good doctor.
That's my good friend, Dr.
what's your name?
Hampt.
Campbell Hampt, thank you, sweetheart.
He was going to come in special to see me last week.
And FDR is a distant third.
How is that possible?
He's got 494,000 votes.
Why would nobody say that Churchill was more,
well like, instead of Churchill, a national poll.
Right, so called home.
For them.
And even cashers went on FDR's ass and he ate too happy about it.
He's been trying to get up and get away,
but he's having a hell of a time doing it.
That's bad.
5670560, what do we got to far?
Edison 104, Einstein 88.
Oh, it's picking up professions.
Here's a little known fact, you might find fascinating.
All right.
And I was inspired to mention this to you by that one of the spots
we played in the last break.
Do you know, uh, Dufflin's your operations manager,
what field of endeavor he was in before he got into broadcasting?
No, I don't.
Was he a singer?
Type fitter.
Four minutes to one, 1256560WQIM.
If you're having a fit because it's a corporate
so looking pretty nasty these days,
here's something that'll probably fall on your face.
Call my friends at drug concepts because
if you've never used them before, you'll be amazed
at what they stoop into some believable job they do.
They're simply the best in the world
of bringing your carpeting back to life,
even if your carpets are old and kind of hopeless looking right now.
When they finish dragging your carpets
and that's exactly what they do,
they will look like you just had brand new laid on your floor.
That's correct.
They leave your carpets vibrant and color soft to the touch,
and they give you a guaranteed written price up front
before they start the job, no matter what you have to do
with it's your area rugs, your oriental rugs, your drapey,
your pulse for your carpeting, all of these things.
And when you call drug concepts,
be sure and ask to have them put you on your stand
by list, we'll say the next 15% off the already unbeatable price
on this stoop-pindest job.
Call them today, believe me, you never dream of calling anybody else.
Call them tool free from anywhere as 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071,
or check them out on the web at drugconsets.com
the best in the universe.
This is my life and love all.
These kids are sendo all fighters together.
Boy it's the one to two hours!
Oh!​
Who says it one's twice
the Christ and the whole Mary.
We also don't want one she might,
and I will be there,
and I will be there,
and I will be there,
and I will just want to see
all these know the full heaven's world
with David Christ's name.
101 is 560 W.H.E.
and Happy Monday too.
Made your sports story.
I'm surprised it didn't interrupt the show for this.
Okay. I'm surprised Terence didn't come virtuously running.
Oh, you got to get this up here right away, although it was the end.
Fourth alarm didn't go off.
And I'll give it a little clue.
A little hint is to what this might be about.
Now we can't play it the more hard we did it the more.
Now what the hell is that call?
Oh, I don't know.
It's called Chris and Ronde.
Got it.
What is that thing called?
I can't even find it.
Maybe I already took it out of here, you think?
Oh, there it is.
That is what we can play that.
Yeah.
I like that way, man.
One moment please.
Okay.
That's as much as we can play anymore.
Back in the day when we played it, it was most amusing.
Anyway, here's the big story.
Ronde Guest and former wide receiver with the Mami Dolphins
was a rescue early today on a DUI charge.
And for the program, they suspended license police said,
in Pepper Pines, Captain Keith Pellant,
police spokesman said Guest and the police said,
in 132 of the, he was wanted on two other counts and outstanding words.
They charged driving on a suspended or revoked driver's license.
Shame on you, Ronde.
Pellant said Guest and was also charged with violation of a traffic control device.
Whatever that means.
Maybe you ran light.
Stop sign.
Right.
Pellant said Guest and refused to submit to sobriety testing in a both alcohol testing facility.
And was booked into Broward County jail in Fort Lauderdale in lieu of $3,000 bond.
He later posted bond later in the morning was freed.
Pellant said Guest and was stopped around 230 this morning while driving Westbound on Pines Boulevard in the 8100 block.
Police said he had just left Tobbe Guana in his Black 2003 Infinity.
Whatever reminds me of O'Jet Coengo and other DUI Tutsi's last week.
Pellant said the SUV was spotted swarving out of his lane traffic and running over lane markers.
He was stopped on the EV700 block of Pines Boulevard,
and was arrested.
Guest and an unrestricted free agent is unlikely to return to the dolphins he played in the 6th game last season
after being resigned in November 19, catching four passes for 48 yards and no touchdowns.
Yada yada yada.
Senator Guarranda Guest and he's got a little bit of his own comfort top.
It's amazing that this story came out so quickly, although he didn't play for the team no more.
It's kind of like when Peter Ruel was on the Florida Panthers and he ended the DUI at least one
and they kept a real fight for a very long time, but nevertheless, how those Panthers doing in the playoffs they should ask.
Can you hear some ass?
Huh?
I think we've got some free Panthers to get, playoff tickets to the way.
What do you say?
We love the Panthers.
5 6 7 0 5 60, the most influential person in the world in the 20th century.
Dominic Q. Ann, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
When you said, you were telling me a lot of the gastro story, maybe reminded me of over the weekend,
Thai law got arrested down in, I think it was Miami on a foot chase, the cops were chasing them.
By the line, how many law?
Yeah, from the patriot.
I'll be damned.
And when they went to arrest them, he said, don't be touching me.
I'm a professional athlete.
That was a quote.
That was a bad word.
So I just thought you like to hear that.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
And now we're even.
All right, take care.
All right, except Thai law has got a Super Bowl ring, but other than that, 5 6 7 or 2, 5 6 7 0 5 6, he's got two, uh, Josh?
Yeah, he's got a pair.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I don't want the dolphin fans to get upset because they're very jealous.
And there was actually a football in the end, there was a Super Bowl game on Super Bowl,
so they even know almost nobody remembers it.
And why don't they remember it because of, uh, all I cracked.
Too bad I can't play that sound anymore.
But what I guess can play that.
There you go.
For now.
The big Janet Jackson just didn't think about flat.
That's all we know.
I mean, I'm going to tell you what that says.
It speaks volumes about America, about your politicians, about the immaturity of the whole American psyche.
It's pathetic.
A booby.
An exposed booby for a fraction of a second is a-
And it wasn't even like a totally pristine and had like that thing out of-
Whatever that thing was, hubcap.
That hubcap on it.
Right.
Man, you would have thought that the world was coming to an end.
My John Ascroft, man, he must have been hyperventilating with making all kinds of mobs on his right.
Oh, speak him that.
Record Poppy Crop makes mockery of Afghanistan's jihad on opium.
I Poppy.
And maybe if we had that $700 million to finish the job in Afghanistan, it released a little bit more.
But no, president, it kind of is like the Iran contrasting all over him when they were diverting funds from like one place over here.
In addition to which Congress didn't know nothing about it.
That's $700 million.
You were aware of that?
You said that in the woodware thing.
Unless I did.
Because even though I didn't watch it, I've seen clips and read all the stuff.
Try to be up to date.
So I have just a minuscule idea of what's going on.
Like usual.
Blossoms of right opium poppies blanket the valleys of Nango or our province, whatever that is.
Colorful proof that another war is not working.
Afghanistan's jihad against opium production.
President Karaziz promised that 25% of the opium harvest in Afghanistan will be destroyed is no closer to being realized.
Last year, the harvest provided three quarters of the world's heroin and 95% of Europe's.
This year, a record harvest is expected.
Robert Charles and our colleagues say, first from the US State Department says that 300,000 acres of opium poppies will be harvested.
30% more than the previous harvest.
Then the previous highest.
Already 10 million people worldwide are addicted to afghan opiates.
Even Shalakom's is still hooked on it.
And a conference in Berlin this month, US Secretary of State Colin Powell linked the aid package to 2.2 billion pledge ref.
In the last year, the U.S. Department of Justice announced that the opium harvest was not allowed to be destroyed.
No.
It was done to Mr. Karaziz called on farmers to fight open production with the same commitment as they would a holy war.
Right.
This is not a real policy.
Since Haji Dean Waham and the governor of Nanga Har, we've only told farmers at the end of the season.
It is only now being decided whose fields will be destroyed.
In other words, they're going to take their tent.
They don't want to spoil any of the good traps right now.
See?
The wait.
Right.
We'll wait.
I mean, it's like if the cops come right in your house, you don't want them to throw any good crap down the toilet.
Just tell them, come back when you're finished using it all up.
Man, I got a dummy bag for just such an occasion.
There you go.
5670560.
Count 560 on the AT&C in Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQA, hello.
Got one foot of pole.
Yes, sir.
Bob Marley.
Bob Marley, man.
Now we're talking.
No, he can't be on it.
He's an entertainer.
Come on, try it tomorrow, man.
The most important entertainer of the 20th Century this guy says was Bob Marley.
There you go.
Speaking of what we're just talking about, too.
See the way this all kind of like fits in together, like a rubber glove, a rolling, flowing cup.
Well, what kind of thing I read?
The inquire has been pretty disemployed in last two or three weeks.
Something about OJ.
It was something about the DNA testing, or that if they would have had the technology back during the OJ trial that they have now,
it would have been an open-insure case.
Even that, even that, uh, uh, full-need up jury wouldn't have been able to play the race car.
That's how devastating it would have been.
I think that's, uh, where you're wrong.
What?
I think if OJ had pulled the knife out of his pocket and said,
I killed the bitch with this knife right here, they still would have, uh, acquitted him.
Not guilty.
Not guilty.
If you're full of Schmidt, you must have quit.
Well, Johnny Cochran's also got some kind of a disease of some kind of, will tell us what it is.
Yeah, let it go.
He'd be ill in.
And Pat Burns has called him cancer, but he'll be all right.
You know, Pat Burns?
No.
I'm, I'm either.
I know it burns.
WQM, hello, that's what he said.
QAM.
Yes, sir.
Good.
How about General George Marshall, the Marshall Plan?
General George Marshall will be an excellent.
Okay.
Thank you.
And I just want to say one thing.
Yes.
You watch these talks show programs with Matthews and all these guys.
They talk how the president made his point.
We got to go forward.
We can't go back.
But no one talks and says, my lot to say, Schmidt?
Yes.
Okay.
That is a Schmidt.
One, two, three, two, one.
Yeah.
I mean, the man is just incoherently speaking.
That is correct.
Okay.
Have a good life.
And you two.
Oh, that was great.
I have no life.
Oh.
5670560, Count 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Tomorrow we'll do the most important entertainer of the 20th century.
And on Wednesday, the most important athlete of the 20th century.
Then you know what we might do on Thursday?
What turned the president around?
The most important pullway ever to you.
I don't know.
No, all Thursday we got some good news, man.
I don't want to get like, like, scared away.
I don't want the audience to feel like we don't love them anymore.
Because we certainly do.
We appreciate their long, standing patience and support.
But what a Thursday.
Yeah.
We love the Marlins.
So they got swept by Atlanta Big Deal.
Okay, there's the late in four right?
They're off their grade start.
Can't win them all.
Can't expect them to own the braze every year.
Plus, I think that Mo put the hex on, you know,
because he's a braze fan or you think?
Yeah, he's responsible.
Jim Bedditch says that you can win them all and he's done some.
Did he say that?
No, I made that up.
Just because of being 17 and...
Oh!
Right.
Now he's got a ring.
I don't want to tell you what kind, but you can't say that anymore on the air.
I got a picture of it if you want to post it.
I bet you do.
I do.
I don't want to hear about it.
From the Senate to you?
No.
It's on its way.
Let's see.
We got so 1230, I'm 30, then we got the Marlon game.
Marlon's at the Phillies with the free game of 1230 and game of 105.
Oh man.
I think if the Marlon's would emulate the Cubs and play all day games,
starting it about like noon, I think 10 to 1130 is a magnificent shift, don't you?
I hope me ahead.
Yeah, 10 to 1130.
We put the best in hour and a half.
We had a man tower pack.
We were going to have time to take a breath.
It would smoke.
It would be any of these pauses or even time to do a little greps like I just did.
We would just be smoking a lot, man.
Not even no time for spots.
So I guess that's out.
12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQM if you've been sleeping on a really crappy mattress,
your back will tell you because you wake up in the morning and you feel like crap
and you feel like you haven't even slept at all.
If you want to get a great new mattress, there are a lot of ways to go,
but the smart thing is what I've been doing for years, call 1-800 mattress,
because dial on mattress specs, everything they say in their advertising, 500%.
Their competitors still like to lie.
They give you a lot of BS.
Here's an example, a big print you see an ad that says,
no down payment, no interest, no payments for 24 months.
The tiny print is the bottom reads like an encyclopedia of the slammers.
Requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sale price.
Many times not a single advertised ad would even qualify for financing.
Infrisk penalties of 21% or more, shoppers in need financing the most early even qualify.
And dial on mattress specs have no tiny print, no disclaimers, no lies, no BS, no bullshit.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll find there's never an extra charge for sanded livery either.
And dial on mattress takes same day orders all day long,
from candle to steward, from palm beats to four buyers.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you pick the date into our delivery window,
you want your mattress delivered, and they show up when your home once convenient for you.
So call right now, when you're using the first time, you'll see for yourself
why 1-800 mattress is ranked the best in the world in overall customer satisfaction.
And dial on mattress reminds you to read that fine print because they want to make sure you know what you're buying,
even if you decide to buy from somebody else.
So do what I've been doing for a long, long time, for a tune's age.
Just make that one simple call, 1-800 mattress or log on to mattress.com.
Dial on mattress, 1-800 MATTR ES, the honest way to buy you a great new bed.
My life is a wall.
This is 4-3-5-6-1.
Can we?
I can break it.
Because every time I pull out some of the e-mails, but it's weak, but I can't do it.
It's because I'm Jewish and I can't even read.
I can't even read my read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
I can't even read my head only minds.
That was brilliant, Sergeant.
Hip hop, William Hunt.
Love you, long, suburbanhomeboy.com.
The boy is no backwards.
And...
Oh, the Gandhi man candidates were heroine fighters in Gandhi.
Huh?
Yes, General.
How can we end in the list yet?
Put Gandhi on there, please.
In the headlet?
We got it.
Mahandah.
I actually mentioned the offie colon.
And you were on vacation.
Right, when you were in software.
Between the show and Zaki was this whole big son that's about the offie colon,
which I never heard of in my whole life.
Even this is a...
It's a filth me in.
He's a filth me in the tipillonym.
And the offie colon, you stick a maca in your...
Correct.
No, and in that gun.
And in your hiding, the kids are going to find it.
They put a little hide in the seat.
It's kind of like those candies, you know.
They're...
...thingy.
Find the candy in the crevice, kind of like that.
Now, this facetist, I mean, this is...
He's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he's in Tadalusia, and he
turns into an arrogant and terrible сказал."
That's a way to do it.
God, before Shurmon is done, he's going to have anybody who ever even had a lunch with
an Arab in the world, hating not only the Israelis, but hating the U.S. This is the thing
that really frosts my ass.
It would be one thing of what he did only affected him and the people crazy enough to be
living there.
That's their problem.
Who wanted to affect us, then it's another story.
Anyway, here's a much more pleasant story.
Very well, kind of.
Because even though we can't play fart sounds, we can talk about farting still.
We said, if today we haven't got a new memo, it says, dogs, they're sweet, lovelin,
alloyal and loving.
They fetch sticks and eat leftovers and stride beside their masters and morning runs.
They guard sleeping households.
Some of them you can catch frisbees.
Not surprisingly, those finer qualities tend to trump less likeable traits, nipping
cleanet neighbors, shredding shoes, soiling carpets and passing gas.
Veterinarian Robert Dan, co-director of Blum Animal Hospital in Chicago, was seen
this year of gassy pooches.
Their afflictions is as thoroughly common, often stems either from the inability to expel
excess air or intestinal bacteria that ferment carbohydrates which in turn produces gas.
Sorry, it says that's more than you need to know.
What that brings us to the popular Walter the farting dog series of kids books.
Are you familiar with that?
No.
Better get with it.
It's stinky protagonist Walter A. Lovelin and preternaturally gaseous canine has
brought dog flatulence and as result flatulence in general to the four like never before.
The first Walter installment was released in 2001, quickly became a subversive favorite
landing last summer at Tapamiracams list of children's picture book bestsellers.
How come we haven't heard about this?
Walter the farting dog?
I ought to have.
To date the North American phenomenon sold a half a million copies been translated into
Quebec, Watt French and Spanish, other translations of inner works.
In its follow up Walter the farting dog, trouble at the art sale, it's hit the shelves
this month as a contract for similar success, having recently said at number three on
the timeless, imprinted in a dozen languages.
The ridiculous plot goes on like this, a manned by his Walter from his old factory tortured
master for ten dollars at a garage sale and harnesses the dogs formidable tooting talents
for evil.
Walter having been attached to a fart catcher is forced at beans the musical fruit and
made to fill balloons with his knocks as fumes thus creating near lethal weapons to be strategically
deployed by a pin popping and a course of a bank robbery.
Walter a friendly and terrible poach is usually dismayed by his predicament not to worry
though in the end, in the end all resolved and he returns home and he will be ready to
fart again and again and again in his forthcoming third romp rough with the overhead and it goes
on stories on our website.
It's cute.
I'll depict them.
You can't play the sounds but we can talk about it still.
For now.
For right now.
Let's go kill some terrorists.
Alright and if a few innocent pan and he has five days to have it tonight, too bad.
Alright, start with Ariel.
You know why is it the New York Daily News has this pension for trying to like make excuses
for Michael Jackson of all the publications it seems that they're like they're like and
have been for the last two years.
Anyway, they got a story this morning.
The young cancer patient who is accused Michael Jackson of sexual abuse is now a robust
teenager able to withstand the rigorous of a military camp and scale eight foot walls
as they are daily news.
He also is moved into a company condo in the city's upscale Westside in LA and his mom
is driving a new car.
It is a remarkably different picture from what the family's friends have described.
In the swirl of publicity after Jackson was arrested for allegedly molesting the
boy in November, family friends said the boy was desperately ill and dire need for
kidney transplant and so poor that he and his siblings didn't even have beds.
Well, like I always go sleep in Michaels.
Comedy club owner Jamie Mossad, who introduced the accused of Jackson broke hearts across
the nation when he described the 14 year old boy's failing health and grim living conditions
in a series of interviews late last year.
He has only one kidney and it's failing him in part of his face is swollen up.
It just breaks your heart and Mossad had told the news in late November, adding that
he donated bunk beds so the boy and his younger brother wouldn't have to speak on the
floor.
There were poor people, simple people who said, and late December he told the AP, this
kid is not doing very good.
Weeks after Mossad's heart-winding media blitz, an in-depth investigation from the boy
in good shape despite his cancer belt was struggled off to run, jump-scale fences even
hoist a rifle.
Mossad was silenced by a court gag order to climb the comment.
And it goes on at great length.
The accused's mother was repeatedly seen driving her new 2004 Red Volkswagen Jetta with
a $21,000 sticker price, a big ticket purchase for someone struggling to make ends meet.
By January they relocated to a pleasant two bedroom condone near LA's posh Brentwood neighborhood,
maybe an OJ's old maybe by there.
A far cry from their former rundown apartment in the city's Dicey East side.
Well, maybe they got some advances to write a book, you think?
Who knows?
Who can help here?
It's 5.670560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Marvel's not the most important
person of the 20th century was Tomas Edison, 120 plus his heart, Albert Einstein 106,
FDR only 81.
That's very sad.
They don't know.
Moe Howard, David, it's got 48.
But he's doing it.
Eight all fitler 46.
In fact, Moe has passed Hitler like he was standing still.
Bill Gates 40.
Kim Burm above.
What is it?
Burmurs Lee?
Yes, he does.
Inventory the worldwide net.
He's got the few.
He's got 37.
Winston Churchill 36.
Martin Luther King's got 30 men.
30.
Henry Ford 22.
Alien Gonzalez 16.
JFKFK12.
Lenin's got 6.
Vladimir that is.
Watson and Crick have got 5.
Edward Teller 4.
Dick Nixon 3.
Vinton Surf.
Father of the Internet's got 3.
Benet Surf don't have any yet.
Simon Ford too.
Johnny Rockefeller.
A bunch of people got one.
Including Gandhi just went on there.
It's almost self-made.
We want to play the Gandhi man.
I think I might.
Good.
I like it.
I love it.
27 after 1 at 5.
60 WQM.
Here's one thing that people don't love.
And it's thinking about the horrible things, the diseases, the things that can happen to
you.
Especially if you're like fat or out of shape or if you have bad genes.
Last week I had an amazing test at Hollywood Diagnostic Center.
It's just phenomenal.
The way technology has come along now.
It's like an MRI used to be in the old days.
You know, you just lie in the machine for a few minutes and you hold your breath and
they keep taking pictures.
But now they do the whole body scan.
And it is absolutely amazing.
It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if you detected
early.
That's the key.
So if you're concerned about, maybe you have a bad lifestyle, maybe you're fat as a
cow, maybe you've got like a history of heart disease or cancer or whatever in your
family, you're really ought to check this out.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, which is so much
less intrusive than a traditional one, by the way.
Coronary heart scoring, which I had in full body screening exam 2, which I had, that
can detect cancer, other than life threatening diseases in their early stages.
The doctors before it was even needed.
For all your imaging exams called Hollywood Diagnostic Center, 9.5.4.
9.6.6.3600 for the test that can give you and your family a piece of mind.
There's nothing like walking out of there after you see all the pictures on there.
You know, there's your heart, there's your lungs, there's your liver.
Would bake it an onion, there's your kidneys, there's your pancreas.
There's your back bone, all of them, they're right on there.
And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI,
high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine and much, much more.
Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving the community for over 20 years and their
facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you.
So really, finding out early is what it's all about.
In case you have something going on bad in your body, you want to know about it.
Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center for your imaging exam today, call 9.5.4.
9.6.6.3600.
It could be the most important call you'll ever make.
9.5.4.9.6.3600.
The final goal of this test is 5.60.
The radius of yours is out of the blue air.
There was American chopper, that American contra, that now there's a show for all you
can get ahead of Jesus, American soldier.
Hey, where are you going?
You can't put a hub around.
We all are asking for you.
But he's trying to kill somebody.
The chopper's flag has time runs out.
If we're going to get different, if we're the big ARP show in Miami, we may have to
work late.
And we're going to be too old.
We'll make it a shape or time and their Medicaid runs out, find out tonight.
The American student, Hurley Bird Special, followed by Deezer Garaud, Chan Monster Robus
Room, tonight on the Discovery Channel.
Three Israelis injured in rockets like at the Gaza settlement.
What a surprise, huh?
And you ain't seen nothing yet.
I'm sure.
Unfortunately, and it happens every time.
So you can continue.
And as far as I didn't mention the part about what John Kerry said, John Kerry was doing
the same thing that Bush does and just about all the other politicians in the US do.
And that is pandering for the Jewish world.
And of course, in Bush's case, he's not only pandering for the Jewish people, but he's
also pandering for the born again Christians who are obsessed with Armageddon and the Israelis
and the Jews and how we have to make them an offer they can refuse.
And of course, if they refuse, they'll have burning hell.
But nevertheless, we have to blow up that mosque to the table so that Armageddon
will happen.
There you go.
Now there's our good friend, Susan Cadiotti.
The courthouse, where it is we've been in the state trial against Terry Nichols.
The bombing.
Why do you know that they're now fighting that there could be a connection between Terry
Nichols and Al-Qaeda?
Are you worried that if you're worried about that?
No, I have not.
And the fact that he was in the Philippines, it's too detailed for me to go into right now.
But there just could be Al-Qaeda might have been involved in some of the neo-chloemist
city bombing.
I don't want to sound paranoid, nothing like that.
But anyway, you know who we left out?
Then I looked up during a break.
My God on our list.
What's out my God?
It's a good thing that I looked up.
Philo Farnsworth.
Philo.
Philo T. Philo T. Philo T. Philo P.
T. H. I. L.O.
I'm like Fulco.
It's like Fulco without the sea.
See?
TV, baby.
Philo Farnsworth who invented television.
How could you leave him out?
Most important person in the 20th century.
Change the entire world.
Couldn't have computers without it.
Changed our lives.
Couldn't have the Playboy channel without it.
Right?
Couldn't have MSNBC and watch a man dying on the air.
Don, I'm a civil moron.
Of course, the anniversary of the Waco, the end of the Branch
Davidian standoff 11 years ago.
The Branch Davidians, another bunch of crazy people.
Little, little, little, little, like that.
Nice going Janet.
Not.
I'm a being on the air to be the thing, that they blew that thing up.
Mm-hmm.
Turned it on fire.
Right.
Man, oh man.
We were there.
Talk about a bunch of flavors.
Oh, here's a bad news for our radio again.
Well, why should it be any different?
The funk jazz lounge got the blues and the hoot, the boot from the Hot 105.
That's what it's all about.
Does anybody who listen to this show have any idea what that is?
No.
The Neo Soul music show hosted by Rodney Demas on W HQ2, Hot 105, slipped away as
quietly as it socially conscious versus in self-proletic lyrics.
This by Tony Marshall and his son, Sennell.
And it goes on and on pages on this.
Meantime, we can't say crap on here anymore.
And other than a couple of columns by Tom Jicco, a few weeks ago, nobody's
writing a word about that.
And let me say it again.
You can play Garvin at the arrow.
You are an idiot.
You're pathetic.
My goodness.
It is so sad.
All the stuff that's been going on, of course.
Now, once we have something happen with the Spanish language stations in the
hero, then you'll read about it right now, Harold.
Why don't they just dump the somebody mentioned this last week.
Just dump the English language version of the hero all together.
Just put it in Spanish.
Who you can?
Have the same effect on my life, none.
Right.
Exactly.
The only reason I get it and I feel bad that I do is because I feel
compelled to spirit of Christ compels me doing this stupid ass show.
But otherwise, I wouldn't wrap your garbage in the hero.
I wouldn't let your dog crap on it.
Because of low ratings, the producers recently pulled the plug on the Sunday
of noon 7th.
At first, it's the do-op shot.
And now it's the neo-sol music show.
What's it going to be next, huh?
Man, it is bad news.
560-50560.
What about internet radio?
I was reading something about internet radio.
It's time for Newsweek on the plane.
Huh?
What about it?
Why couldn't we do internet radio?
What can't we?
I don't know.
Just dump this whole crap on it with this horrible signal and go on the internet.
Sell advertising.
We could advertise all those offshore gambling joints.
Sure.
We could advertise anything.
Right.
Even make a fortune.
And then we could see whatever the hell we wanted to.
At least there are a few months until they caught on the newspaper.
And the internet too.
I'm telling you, that's what they want.
It's just a matter of time before they're going to try to pull that crap too.
Cable satellite radio, satellite TV, and then the internet.
The word police.
They've only just begun.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Up here.
QAM, hello.
Where's the...
QAM, yes sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Uh...
You have a problem with plane service, I guess.
Oh god.
WQM, hello.
Up there.
Wow, wow, wow.
Have we all of a sudden...
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Uh...
Pretty sir oriented list, am I correct?
Pretty what?
Uh...
Western hemisphere kind of oriented list.
No, he said the most important person in the world.
I don't think that Gandhi was in the Western hemisphere or that, um...
You know, Hitler, thank you very much.
They put Mao's say-tong on the list.
That'll be the nod.
Mao is a big one.
I was going to say Gandhi, but I heard you say him earlier.
And he's probably the only guy I'm a lived dude and he can't let anybody.
Sherman Mao?
No, Gandhi.
That's how you attack him.
Not sure how Mao was killing me when he used to show those pictures of him in the swimming.
No, nobody can prove it, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Exactly, okay, thanks, pal.
Mao would say, Tung, you got to be sure and put the hangout in there.
I forgot to play the Gandhi, Mao.
We'll do it coming up momentarily.
All right, we'll go ahead.
Right now.
Did you ever see those pictures?
Those golden pictures of him swimming?
No.
You never did?
No, I saw the sex pictures.
Oh my God, it was just unbelievable where he's like paddling like a dog, but they sped up the frames.
You know what that looks like?
Like an Olympic swimmer, Sherman Mao just flopping around there and they all pool.
He was there, real hoot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th.
I don't think Fahlo Farsworth ever killed anybody.
Although some of the stuff they put on his invention, some of the TV stuff,
he sure had been killing me for a long time.
He was ripped off by the way and never made a dime off it.
I know it.
If you go on the Internet, do a search and Fahlo Farnsworth on there,
you'll find some real interesting stuff about how he gets no credit,
was totally ripped off, etc.
Kind of like what Paul Cashman offered us for those of us who are on here doing original shows.
By the way, yes, something?
Say this on his website that he was once a guest on What's My Line?
Or one of the other things.
I know something, I remember that and in fact I saw it.
What are you with?
I have no idea.
You really saw it?
Or maybe I saw it on Game Show Channel.
I'm actually actually seeing it live.
There we go. Here's the George Herald's Daily.
Yeah.
What's My Line with Arlene Francis Dorothy Kodell.
Martin Kepel, that was her husband, Arlene Francis, by the way.
And Supe Sails.
I bet you won't be able to bring your squeezing into the hair right now.
And it's tough.
Here's the fact that says, dear Neil, a scientist named Rosalyn Franklin was an incredible mathematician
and pioneer in radioactive studies.
She did all the work to her discovery of the structure of DNA.
Lots of day quick, I hope you were working in your own credit.
See, there's another ripoff.
Just like what the George Eastman used to do to Edison.
She did all this patents or was it the other way around.
Till I've received the Nobel Prize.
But this time Rosalyn had died from cancer out of radiation exposure.
She got under a lab.
Oh boy, poor baby.
So Rosalyn Franklin, nobody's going to know who that is, but put it on there.
I mean, we can't put Ben Franklin because he was a little bit ahead of his time,
as in the wrong century.
Someone else for your poll, William Shockley, worked for Bell Labs.
And then he got into the lab.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
And he was a little bit ahead of him.
20.
I think he'd been closed.
20.
Until 2 at 5.60 WNQM Secretary's Day is this Wednesday April 21.
Make your exceptional assistant smile on an authentic Vermont teddy bear.
Everybody at the office will think you're the best boss ever.
Your assistant will receive a beautiful beer, hand-crafted Vermont delivered with free chocolate
and the gift card in Vermont teddy bear is famous gift box.
Just call 1-800-829 Beer.
And a friendly beer of counsel will help you choose from beers like the Life Saver Beer or the real boss beer.
It's a great way to show your appreciation and the fun and original way.
It'll look great on a desk all year long.
Sending hand-crafted Vermont teddy bears a creative alternative to flowers that are dyed dead.
You know, flowers dye in just a few minutes really.
And they'll always remind them the beer will let you appreciate all their hard work.
Overnight delivery is still guaranteed.
So call today 1-800-829 Beer or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com.
You create the smart alternative to flowers for any occasion.
That's 1-800-829 Beer.
Be sure and tell them that meal for me to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
You know, 420-560-2AM.
2-0-5-8.
3-0-5-8.
All right now everybody get around the candy man here.
What kind of fruit does he want?
It's in lovin's, and it's in your wanters' long as it's non-parma too.
Some sort of right man's they call it.
I'm the candy man.
So, put the lorca knives away, pal.
All the bells are gone.
Turn the other tree.
Turn the other tree.
Put that up right off the top of the bridge and pull away.
A candy man.
A candy man.
All the candy man.
A candy man.
A candy man.
A candy man.
Cause he mixes it with all the nature systems of man.
Pull the slot and on just one.
We're given what the tree is.
We're given what the tree is.
Who can make it own?
Lost not a great democracy.
The candy man.
We get the man.
All the candy man.
All the candy man.
All the candy man.
And the party next to it will all be excesses from lost man.
The gas demand constraints that he represents.
Malfon's into things and Asians.
All the other religious firsts Asians.
What a very new Caucasian.
Open religion of these days.
Open religion of these days.
Open religion of plants.
Open religion of plants.
The past without the dinner or the black crystal reliance.
The gods demand.
The candy man.
Pull the candy man.
Pull the candy man.
The candy man.
And the party next to it will all be excesses from the past.
Yes, the candy man.
And the party next to it will all be excesses from the past.
Pull the candy man.
Pull the candy man.
And the authentic of epic resistances.
You are the second to do what they say.
I will stop myself today.
It's at 147.
How come we didn't put Fidel Castro on there?
I guess Josh thought you were joking.
No, I was not.
It's summer four on the time list.
How come we can't put him on there?
I mean, my Cuban friend from the airport on Saturday.
He voted for Ali and Gonzalez because he had no where else to go.
I mean, it's either going to be Fidel Castro or Maurice Scruzius,
one of the other.
So, I guess we better put Castro on there, right?
See, how come we didn't put nice to Fidel Farmsworth in Vetteror TV?
Because nobody's going to know who that is.
I don't want to start getting pushy on these poles.
But nobody's going to know who that is.
No.
Right?
Right.
This story bothers me.
This bothers me deeply and greatly.
Manila Pan may install cameras to photograph everyone driving in a town.
Yeah.
Little town up there in Palm Beach County.
You know, Manila Pan?
Yeah.
I thought it was some kind of candy.
That's what you make it in.
When this affluent island town where two burger reserves in the norm was it with a tree
or a heist in just a few months, officials decided to put a stop to the crime
way by installing a surveillance system that eventually could track every person
who drives it in town in Manila Pan.
Cameras would record drivers' faces in licensed places and software could use
the tech numbers to automatically check in just a few seconds.
Whether a motorist is wanted by authorities or driving a stolen car,
police chief Clay Walker said.
Walker said he hopes the new system would make the 321 residents of this town
east of Lantern and Boyton Beach a little bit safer.
But ACLU attorney Jim Green said, though probably legal, it would be a scary invasive privacy.
Having big brother, kind of surveillance cameras on us every time we come to go
is at least to me.
He said a truly frightening specter.
It is truly or well and he is absolutely correct.
Retired Manila Pan resident Mary and Pulisage, he thinks the new cameras are a good idea
that would deter crime.
And he said she is worried about them compromising her privacy.
If a driver is wanted or something like that or they have a background to be checked,
they just won't go in, Pulisage said.
I just have to make sure that I am dressed up to go out to the mailbox.
In other words, you can't walk out there and start making it anymore.
Well, I would only sound like maybe she did.
Town commissioners are expected to vote April 29, whether they spend about $50,000
to install the surveillance system at the single entrance to a section of town
called Plentman, where most residents live, Commissioner Basil Diamond said.
If it works well there, Walker said he hopes to tell what had cameras in all of its entries,
including along the Hale Traveled State Road A1A.
There already is a video camera in the guard house at the entrance to Plentman,
and records images of passing cars.
But it can't do what the new system would be able to do.
The new cameras would be able to get clear images of licensed plates day and nightway news shine
in two to three seconds they compared with scan the images, recognize the license plate number
and run it through a FDLE database of stolen cars.
If the system makes a match police officers immediately would be alerted so they could catch the suspects.
The town might also set up the system to run the license plate numbers through a watch list,
so police could be alerted at vehicles with plates matching those numbers and through the town.
Get all the evil doers.
Walker said he realizes the system I face criticism from AC and you and other groups,
but he and Diamond said there's no reason for residents to be upset.
It's just taken a picture of what anybody could see,
if a name could take a picture of it, they were standing there.
He said there's no technology looking in the truck or anything like that.
Yeah.
We're looking maybe like, you know, body cavity, sir, stone, things like that.
Yeah, next year.
Group pushes mining beats to create domestic registry for gay couples,
a leaving South Florida gay rights group wants mining beats to create a domestic partnership registry
and give incentives to companies that offer employee benefits for these couples.
Save date approach commissioners about the idea several months ago,
and committee members are not looking into what types of perks they can use.
That's perks, BERKs, to entice business.
Commissioners will likely vote on the issue in June.
Once the details are hashed out, Mayor David Dürmer said,
the point of all this is we have a long history on these issues.
And this is a natural progression to ensure everyone equality, dignity, and human rights.
There's been no opposition to the F-R-D set.
And it goes on and on.
Not in any opposition yet, so people find out about it.
And then of course all the goody goody goody religion is still coming up.
You can't do that! That's bad!
Special rights!
Yaddi yaddi yaddi.
You know how that always goes?
That's true.
All those people are so concerned about something.
Other people's stuff.
Right. Well, who other people are doing and what they're doing and when they're doing it and so on.
Because they themselves are rattling around, they're in a closet.
You can hear the sound of the skeleton rattling like crazy, like a laboratory.
Like that.
The most important person of the 20th century is the two house race so far,
Edison 138 Albert Einstein 115, and Greg Reed didn't even make it.
I am your...
This is your 20th ICT.
You am...
Oh.
And another thing.
The rules of the many would have been a big star.
I'm not sure if that little thing's weak voice.
I think I can get anywhere you little kiddie to.
I'm a kiddie to you.
I think I can get a little kiddie to you.
I don't know what that means, but it's a very nice way to hide it from us.
You know what?
The whole white thing in you.
Yeah, what about the whole white thing in you?
What do I do?
I play not the game.
I want a star.
You're spectacularly...
I'll tell you, I'll see you around.
And me in the hole.
And white thing.
Why you why would I smack you?
I know my smell attract you.
But unlike I do,
it's still got such a...
I feel just like that you are my divider.
And what do you need to learn?
That's why you want someone to fight.
It's a different thing.
It's a joy, joy, joy.
It's a joy, joy, joy.
It's a joy, joy, joy.
It's a joy, joy, joy.
It's a joy, joy, joy.
It's a joy, joy, joy.
It's a joy, joy, joy.
I got enough.
Okay, 158, almost out of time.
Mad Dog coming up next.
We needed one more fix with that, absolutely.
Oh, man.
Absolutely.
It was just priceless, man.
I'm playing at the car.
You like to charge for that?
Worth millions.
This is kind of cute where you just fact me.
This is from New York Magazine.
A pressing issue of dinner party etiquette is vexing Washington according to a story
now making the rounds in DC.
How should you react when you're guest?
In this case, national security adviser, Condoleez, or vice, makes a poignant faux pas.
At a recent dinner party hosted by New York Times DC bureau chief Philip Taupman and his wife,
Times reporter Felicity Bergerger, and attended by Arthur Salisberger, Jr.,
Maureen Dowd, Stephen Westman and Elizabeth Bumeler.
Wresley's reportedly overheard saying, as I was telling my husband,
and then stopping herself abruptly before saying, as I was telling President Bush,
Jolles dropped, but a guest says the slip by the unmarried politician who spends weekends
with the president and his wife, seen more psychologically telling them and criminating,
nobody thinks Bush and Wresley are actually an item.
Kevin Forbid, a national security counsel spoke to a lot and said,
no comment.
Now, they're an item all right.
No one can tell that.
I can't believe I have a handful.
Take it all the time.
Wow.
Eat that something.
She's unmarried.
Don't you think she's a little bit old to be unmarried?
Never been married?
I don't know.
Well, if you'll a little research on it, because you know if she's never been married,
well, I don't want to speculate.
Doesn't certainly mean anything.
We'll leave the speculation up to you.
So far, the most important person of the 20th century, Thomas Edison 142,
Albert Einstein 117, FDR 93, Airoff Hitler 52, Airoff Hitler is in a flat-out tie with.
That's a good one.
Oh, how are you, David?
I'll see you to the two of them together.
Oh, same person.
Just shake off the mustache.
And here.
Well, he wants you some pretty rocky times, you know.
Man, August coming up next, we got the Hebrew hammer, Hank Goldberg from Shula State
to it for this afternoon, the big.
Oh!
At seven after that, it's, you know what I mean.
Bye, bye, bye!
I didn't go out my way.
I didn't go out my way.
I didn't go out my way.
I didn't go out my way.
