Oh, and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Roger!
On St. Patrick's Day, everyone is Irish. Even MCV's hottest couple. It's on newly wed
St. Patrick's Day. Hi, I'm Nick Olisha. And I'm Jessica O' Simpson O. Oh God. Oh God,
is he Irish too? Nick and Jessica celebrate all things Irish on on newly wed
St. Patrick's Day. Look, baby. A forleaf clover. A forleaf clover? I wish I knew
that man. Good luck. Oh, you're right. I'll never figure it out. Join the newly
wed's as they sit down for a traditional Irish feast. Here Jess, try some corn
beef. You, baby, you know it's only corn. Don't miss on newly wed St. Patrick's Day.
Only on McTV. All right, happy St. Patrick's Day. It's 10-01. Everybody's going to turn green.
I remember at IOT they used to bring all those green bagels in. That's right. They did do that,
didn't they? In fact, I think that was a sunny, harsh thing as I recall. Probably Henry
Barrow thing too. Oh! Because Henry any kind of food or drink that was free. Henry was
on top of that. In fact, he made us look like bikers. Right. So happy St. Patrick's Day.
And let's see, 1815 votes on yesterday's pool, which had promises last we're taking about
Howard Stern. Because I got to be honest, I'm fed up with Howard Stern. Because Howard
is all about Howard. See, the issue that we're talking about that we're trying desperately
to get a little bit of attention to isn't about Howard Stern going off the, or on six stations,
most of which are in minor markets except for South Florida, all of which are minor markets
except for that one. It's about freedom of speech. It's about everybody in the business.
And Howard being so egocentric with things that the whole world revolves around his ugly
old ass, I'm just tired of him with his 30 million year. Why not just take the money
and run as what I would do? Yeah. Anyway, we asked yesterday how was the crew channel
dumping of Howard Stern affected your listening? 1815 votes. I never listened to Stern
anyway, 745. I don't listen to the radio before 10 now, 362. I listened to music in the
show Rose now 164. Absolutely. I listen to Bob and Tom 125, an excellent choice, even
though of course they're having the water they're show down to. I listen to Paul and
ancient Ron now 88. Boy, boy, I've turned a satellite radio at 68. Not much are listening
to Stern on the net still 51. And I listen to Howard David now, not Joe, but Howard
David 40. Last place. Absolutely. But he's used to that. It's a bad pool. He's in first
place. If it's a good pool, he's in last place, the moment. But he and Joe are doing little
something there, right? Something. I went out and bought three books yesterday, which
are on our website already. Nice going, Eric. Three books for you. Craig Unger. And thanks
for what we're turning out of this book. Remember I got the facts a few days ago. I think
on Monday said the books coming out tomorrow, Neil. So I went out yesterday and bought it.
Craig Unger, the house of Bush, the house of Saudi, secretly relationship between the
world's two most powerful dynasties, tight relationship. If you look at that cover,
and they're holding hands real tight. There's Bush and Prince Bondar and man, they're both
bonding. Prince Bondar is smiling and Bush looks like he's going to take a really heavy
duty. If he catch my drift. Yeah. Then let's see American dynasty. And there's W and
daddy, George Herbert Walker, Bush and George W. Bush. I'm going to cover that one. Kevin
Phillips, good old Republican economist and strategist in this and that. But he's not
too crazy about the Bush clan. American dynasty, aristocracy, fortune and the politics of the
seat in the house of Bush and last but not least, Eric Altraman and Mark Green, the book
on Bush, how George W. Bush misleads America on a cover is kind of cute because it's got
like leads, but miss in parentheses. How George W. Bush misleads America by Eric Altraman
and Mark Green. So I got a lot of heavy duty reading to do. I might just read the flap.
The Creole, the flap. The one that was on Janet Jackson's, how much just read the flap
from Craig Unger's book since that's the one at the end. I just mentioned this two thanks
to a chronic factor of ours. I'm not going to get into a big deal on this because I don't
want to sound like paranoid, but just mark it down on a counter on St. Paddy's Day that
would should make it easier to remember. That there's a story in the Tehran Times.
Now consider the source that says, over the past few days in the wake of bombings in Carbola
and the ideological disputes that delayed the assilings of Iraq's interim constitution,
there have been reports that US forces have unloaded a large cargo of parts for constructing
long-range missiles and weapons of mass destruction in the southern ports of Iraq. Again,
just a rumor, US unloading WMD in Iraq. So if sometime between now and election days
say like maybe in October, you know, those October surprises, we say, hey, look at this.
I'm going to save this storm. I'm going to put it in my pile to save, right? And then
we can go back to and say, oh, guess what? Because a lot of people have said, well, you know,
we'll just tie a bunch of stuff over there and say, oh, it was here all along. We just
found it. I just mentioned that in passing. Let's do the first pull here. I got two
pulls inspired by the Sun Sentinel. Well, I got a lot of stuff today. I'm never going
to get it in. Good thing we all got no ball game today. Nice job there on that ball game
yesterday, clearance, you idiot. That was pretty sad. Put it any way. Here's our first
pull. And the Sun Sentinel, I'm stealing it directly from them, which I never do that,
but I'm doing it because I was fascinated. I was amazed. I was pleased to see the result
of their pull. The question was how often you visit a church synagogue, mosque or other
house of worship. I checked it again this morning. They had over 4,000 votes. 99 people
said every day, 2.4%. Couple of times a week, 329 people said that 7.8%. Once a week, 741,
17.6%. Occasionally, 1400. That's a third, 33.3%. You turn and 1641 said never 39
%. So 72.3% of the people responded of about 4,000 votes in the Sun Sentinel, either
occasionally or never attend synagogue, church, mosque, house of worship, etc. How do you
like that? A lot. O'Connor Harding is our behind the Beated Curtain girl today. Oh, did
you look at that picture? Yeah, of course I found it. Yeah, you found it. I was one of
you found the picture. Yeah, I see. And now we all say, oh, so sad. Anyway, Robert
Greeper's in a lot of trouble. Anybody that knows Robert Greeper, board offered last
how many years of QAM? No, that this Charles McCoy. This is the real McCoy man. Is his
identical twin or it's Robert Greeper in drag? I don't know. Charles McCoy, June 20, the
suspect in 2000 Ohio shootings had been arrested in Las Vegas, according to Sheriff's
officials in the Franklin County, Ohio. Federal law enforcement forces said McCoy was captured
without incident. Word of McCoy's capture came after a sister on Tuesday made a public
plea for him to call home telling her brother that everything is going to be okay. Oh, we're
fine. Quoy suspected in 24 shootings since May 2003, most of them driving along Columbus
is out of belt highway. One of the shootings was fatal. But you like that. So there he is,
Charles McCoy, June, you arrested in Vegas. Looks just exactly like Robert Greeper, which
explains a lot of things while Robert is a self-hating right winged you. Right, Robert?
Boy, in last but not least, I got just a whole bunch of stuff here. I want to get into that
thing about the website about the petition drive, which congratulations to a lot of you
that signed on your stop FCC.com. See, I realized that this is not about Howard Stern. It's about
the whole idea of censorship and freedom of speech for all of us in the industry and
for those of you who are listening, which is everybody. See, that's what it's about. And
I was astonished and shocked to realize that Howard's got his own, well, which is fine.
He's entitled. He's got his own petition drive going, signed the Boycott Clear Channel
and get Howard back on air petition. And this is a guy that's on in New York, LA, Chicago,
Detroit, Philadelphia, every major market in the country, in South Florida. They've got
4,072 signatures as of this morning. And this has been on there for quite some time. 4,072.
You catch my drift? Yeah. And they also have a link on freester.com. They got a link to
stop FCC.com. And they're not making much impact evidently because New York has only got
about 33,000 or 3,500 votes, or a signers. And we're up to almost 3,000 in South Florida.
And we're going to get a lot more than that. I'll say that right now. We're not that
it's some kind of a contest, but it's just amazing to me that somebody who has so much
cloud allegedly isn't getting the kind of response that he should be getting. You see my
drift? Yeah. Very disturbing. Second poll we're going to take was inspired today because
of Mohawar David at this morning, which is really amazing. Now tonight we got the Panthers
and Islanders in the Macarena at 730. We'll have the pre-game at 7 o'clock game at 730
would Jeff Rimmer and Old Red Deer Randy Molar. Jeff Rimmer. And the reason being that
the TV tonight is being done by Jogs McDonald and Denise Pothan. Wow. And so as a result
of that, because Jogs is retiring after this season. How many years has he been broadcasting
in hockey, including all those stuff. I understand they cut victories. He was a run out of
town on a rail basically here in Toronto after two years and the fans hated him like poison.
And they wanted Joe Bowen back, which is easy to understand. And Mohaw just attached his
lips to a jigsman, a posterior over the phone this morning and just they were, it was
pretty embarrassing. I heard a couple minutes of it. Old Moh, Licky, Licky, Licky, Licky.
And now Mohad Mitsity doesn't know anything about hockey. He hates it. He finds it grotesquit,
it's crap, yaddy-oddy. And yet he was going on with Jogs just as an idea, just as a way
to kiss his ass about, well, you know, you just do the straight game. You just, you know,
you don't feel you have to embellish with all, like Mike Langwood, scratch Mike back with
a hacksaw and stuff like that. You don't do that. Right? And Jigs, I didn't hear what
he said because I went and went to the toilet at that point, which I thought that was
a good time to go. I mean, Jogs McDonald would all do respect. I meant to put him in the
same category with Mike Langwood, be like putting Mohaw or David in the same category
with like Walter Cronkite. See what I'm saying? It's a little bit loody-cruss, but nevertheless,
good luck to you, Jogs, okay? You're a good guy. Never stole a freight train. I hear a
few things from J.D. about you, but nevertheless, from minutes after 10 at 5'60 W.Q.M. if you're
in a dead-end job like Jogs McDonald, if you're underpaid and overworked, well, if you want
a new career, but you just don't have the time or the cash to go to college, here's the
answer for you. Don't get into a dither. What is a dither? Remember Mr. Dither's? What was
that in Blondie? I don't, okay? Yeah. Is that the boss? Mr. Dither's was, I think, the boss.
Well, anyway, call fast-rained, say goodbye to your present boss and get you a better
one by getting a career in a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Fast-rained can have
you train and certify for a high-paying computer network professional career in a short
of time is just four easy months. What's that? Just a few weeks. You can be fully trained
and ready for a great new career in just as little as four months. Fast-rained offers
day-ending weekend classes to fit around your schedule. They offer job placement assistance
financially to those who qualify and because they have seven convenient Florida locations
to serve you, fast-rained's bound to have one convenient by where you live. So don't
delay if you really want to change your life for the better, just make one easy call,
you'll be amazed at how much it can do for you. Call fast-rained and get that training
you need to have a real career. Call 1-866 fast-rained or if you like, check them out on the web
at fastrained.com. When you call, be sure to mention, Todd Dreck's name, they'll be in
their pants. Call 2-3-1-866 fast-rained.
My life and look all this is 4205-60. You ain't the same way, yeah.
No, my day ain't the way down on my couch.
I'll rock. I'll be coming down for heaven, who I'm
the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's
the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the
one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's
the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the
one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the
one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's
the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's
the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's
the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's
the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the
the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the
the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the
one who's the one who's the one who was your favorite sportscaster the
all the time and that I'm the one who was your favorite sportscaster at home and that I'm the one who's your favorite sportscaster at home and that I'm the one who's the one who was living with ede
and he was one of those two and he was one of yours and he was one of yours and he was for course, and he was one of yours he was celui
We like Google live.
We like Google live.
We like Google live.
We like Google live.
We like Google live.
Who's Shambi?
Anyway, we'll get to that.
I got a nice list going and you can do it.
But then we got bigger fish to fry right now.
Anyway, Staff Sergeant Camino Mejia, who was seeking to be declared a conscientious objective,
met with his officials at this Florida National Guard unit north Miami Armory after repeating
his determination not to return to the Middle East in fight.
I'm prepared to go to prison because I'll have a clear conscience, he said.
After conflicting accounts on his status, Florida National Guard spokesman John Mejia said
that he had been classified as a deserter because he'd been missing from his unit for more than 30 days.
About 30, man.
He has not rejoined his units and is going on leave in October.
Mejia said he warned to arrest Mejia as a deserter, could be issued if he failed to appear at Fort Stewart's
Georgia by three this afternoon, he said that he has not been charged in the case.
His attorney, Louis Fonts, said he faxed paper seeking conscientious objective status to Fort Stewart yesterday.
You go, Louis. And by the way, Louis, this corn sure is special.
Wait till you hear this, I bet you don't know about this.
About what?
So many dead Kennedys, you know what?
Yeah.
And so little time.
This is in Viral Beach, no less, the body of a local socialite once related by marriage to the Kennedy family was found in a Succ-n-Carr,
authority said.
Huh?
Do you know that?
Those Kennedys and those drowning cars.
A lot of dead Kennedys and a lot of drownings and cars.
Police did not suspect fall play in the death of 65-year-old Hope Sheridan.
Hope Sheridan is okay on passions.
Who was last seen March 8th, family members in Wind of New York reported or missing on March 11th.
And by the way, Sheridan is doing an Antonio now, which is, wow.
Sheridan is the ex-mother-in-law of Michael Skakel, a cousin of Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., see the pieces of this puzzle starting to fit together?
Skakel 42, of course, is serving 20 years to life in prison for the beating death of his Kennedys Kennedys good neighbor, Martha Moxley in 1975.
Even though he didn't do it.
A divers found Sheridan's car Monday after a sheriff's helicopter noted two faint parallel marks at the end of a retention pond.
The car was submerged in about 15 feet of water, 75 feet from shore.
Mary Jo Kepekni was also in there.
Released pieces over.
Sheridan's body was found on the passenger side. He took a Keith Harman's set. He said there were no skid marks on the grassy area going into the water.
Keith Harman, a relation to Don Harman from Northfield Downs.
It appears from the preliminary findings. This was an accidental death at Indian River County Sheriff's spokesman Jo Flesher.
Investigators are waiting the results of a medical examiner's toxicology test. You don't think that-
Uh-oh. Like maybe she drove off the road, would have he loaded something like that?
So another dead Kennedy. Oh, speaking of that, speaking of dead things, very jackass writes in a hero today.
The heat announced yesterday it's shifting its entire TV package to cable beginning next season.
I know George's upset about that. Oh, yeah, Bum.
As part of a multi-year deal, Sunshine will carry at least 70 games per season this season.
The heat has got 46 games on Sunshine.
But third man!
On UPN33 and 6 on Channel 4.
Michael McCullough, the heat's chief marketing officer, said the decision to move the package entirely to cable was a tough call.
But the team's research indicated almost 90% of the heat fans are regular cable watchers, yoddy yoddy.
Yoddy, yoddy. So no more of that channel 433 crap, known that.
You got at least, uh, buy cable, right?
Right. Who doesn't have cable?
What kind of- what kind of- I was just going to say? What kind of shluckers don't have cable anyway?
Hillbilly. No, they have just-
What was that?
I said hillbilly's. They don't have-
132 votes already on here. This is disgraceful.
How often do you visit a church synagogue, mosque or other house of worship?
142 now. Never 93, 65.4% of this audience.
Oh!
Shame on you people. We're all going to be in hell together.
Occasionally 42.
Once a week four, a couple of times a week two, and every day one.
Now that's got to be a priest, doesn't it?
I've got to be somebody who's working on the job.
Every day? What kind of crazy person goes to church or mosque or synagogue every single day?
Probably somebody who's doing a lot of sinning.
Maybe it's Greg Reed, you think?
Is that what they call it a synagogue?
A synagogue, right.
A synagogue keeps the old father away.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T line.
Uh, don't let me forget to read the jacket of that one book.
Okay. This line line line has been flashing here frantically for ever since I sat down.
QAM. Yeah, this is Scott. StopFCC.com.
Hey Scott, how you doing? Good. I want to thank you for plugging this site.
You have a tremendous response down there.
Well, we're trying now. Let me ask you. How long were you on with Howard that clock?
Because I listened to the woman a clip on there that day and it's...
Yeah, that's about as long as I was on.
But they did ask me to call back. They gave me the hotline number and I'm trying to get back on probably tomorrow.
Well, how come he's only got 3,300 votes out in New York? You think there'd be 30, or there'd be 300,000 on there already?
Well, that's a very good question.
You need...no, seriously Scott, you need to lean on him because you have no idea how much I appreciate the fact that you're doing this.
Now, how come I never got an email back from this thing?
Uh, many people have spam filters and bulk mail and all of that kind of stuff.
Oh, I see. I see.
And a lot of times you get caught up in those... in those filters because it looks like it could be a junk email.
But in reality, it's a verification email.
So, but in other words, if we don't get the email then our vote doesn't count?
Uh, it's not that it doesn't count. If we are able to verify that your email address exists, then it'll go through.
Right.
A lot of people give a bogus email and it'll bounce back and that tells our server that you're not a valid person.
I see.
So, you know...
Well, we're doing the best we can. It looks like we passed...
Oh, hi, I'm Pennsylvania. Like we're standing still.
And I'm just trying to get people whipped up because this is a grotesque.
And of course, Congress, like you saw, when that indecency built past 391 to 22.
I mean, that's it is grace.
Yes.
So, we're trying to get people whipped up and make a message.
If you can get like several million, I would think people on this once within a matter of a few months, then they might wake up and take a look at it.
I certainly hope so. And I think radio stations like yours for getting me on the air and getting the website some traffic.
Well, we're going to do everything we can to get you as much response as we can.
Scott, keep up the good work, man.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
That's Scott who started this whole thing. StopFCC.com.
How do you like that? He actually found out about us.
I mean, this shows the best kept secret in America naturally.
And that's the way the government likes it.
But now, let me take a look at that.
Did you take a look at it?
Oh, at what?
What are you talking about?
No, I want to make sure that we're over 3000 per Florida.
That's a good point that he brought up because my spam solder solder.
It solders it out. It's set on microscopic.
Oh, look at that. 2023.
All right. Nice going folks.
Now people would say, well, gee, how come you're so concerned because I want to see people get off their ass.
Like I said yesterday, talk is cheap.
Everybody, oh gee, Howard Stern is off in Florida.
And they're making a kneel cut back on his stuff and Bob and Tom can't be funny anymore.
Right.
Because we got a bunch of fascists who want to tell you what your choices are.
What's funny? What's not funny?
Who make it up?
As they go along.
And I want to thank the guy also who called in yesterday to turn me on to this website.
Otherwise, who the hell would have known?
Because I've been searching for an outlet for somewhere where people can say,
where mad is hell, we're not going to take this anymore.
And okay, so he's got about 50,000 signatures now.
That's not too bad.
It only started like 12 days ago.
We'll get millions on here and believe you me when millions of people start speaking.
And then those assholes in Congress starts in, hey, wait a minute.
Maybe we're on the wrong side of this thing.
Maybe we're all going to get tossed out in November if we don't cut the crap.
So that's our message to Congress.
Cut the crap, okay?
And if you don't know what crap is, we'll make sure that Michael Paul sends you some.
Because he's an expert.
27 past 10 at 5, 60 WQMA.
If you want to know more about following a low carb diet,
if you want the best tasting largest selection of low carb foods,
then the place you ought to be heading for is the lights of West Boka.
Mobile show, exactly where it is.
Whether you're starting out or restarting the Atkins Sugar Buster South Beach or any low carb sugar free diet,
the lights of West Bokers always been the number one low carb store in the entire USA.
And for good reason, because they've got so many great things waiting for you.
Over 1200 low carb products that you was from including breads and bagels,
cookies, crackers, chips, and brownies, chocolates, carbohydrates, ice cream, pasta, sauces,
ketchup, cheesecakes, and more.
And don't forget, if it's new and great tasting, the lights will have it first before anybody else.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You can always try anything of the store before you buy it before you spend a dime.
And they've got a friendly and knowledgeable staff who knows dieting inside and out.
They hear the most complete line of Atkins breads products anywhere in the world that are on sale all day every day.
Watch your step on your way to the store.
The lights of West Boka, they're on the northeast corner of Glaze in 441, next to Boston Market,
or call their tool free number, 1-877 Low Carb LOW-CAR-B.
Or on a web you'll find them at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only 1-D lights of West Boka, and it's your official Atkins retail center.
Find a local, this is my city.
Three is all yours now.
Q-A-M!
Yeah!
Freedom's day, freedom's day, let's bury our heads.
Freedom's day, freedom's day, let's bury our heads.
Freedom's day, freedom's day, let's bury our heads.
Our license leave you scrap 내가 grossi me.
Voices show a host As quality rupees in human mouths.
THIS IS YOUR7S.
Absolutely.
Freedom save, freedom save, this area here.
Freedom save, freedom save, this area here.
Pen 33 at 560 WQM.
I'm thinking we ought to start raising some money for ourselves.
No, I was just raising some money and I put some ads in.
Either that or how about some of our good friends like my good friend Lynn Samuels?
I don't see any link to stop FCC.com on your website yet Lynn.
I realize that you got like a one person operation but nevertheless, how about our friends at drudge.com?
The drudge retort. What? What are you laughing about?
Oh, I told myself a joke.
The drudge retort, not report, not that queen.
The drudge retort.
How about then putting the link on there to do a little work?
By the way, Eric did a beautiful job as usual with a nice banner there right at the top of our website on the homepage.
Beautiful job.
Don't forget tiny, hardy naked behind the beaten curtain such as she is.
I feel unclean just having seen that.
Anyway, Bob and Hope sounds as I sign the stop FCC.com petition this morning.
We see the returning email to verify my signature within five minutes.
Excellent. Thank you Bob.
And also, let's see, click on what is this other thing here that you fact me.
What is this? I don't know what that sample email.
Yeah, that's what we're supposed to get that we didn't see.
Oh, I see. Okay, so people are getting it then that Bob.
I just wanted to make sure I didn't want to get involved with something that wasn't kosher, wasn't whatever.
But everybody who's listening to me right now, whether you're sitting at your laptop or somebody else's
or where you want to steal a computer or you're at home.
You ought to, right now, we ought to, because we're going to go buy New York today like New York State of
Stan and Stillness. Stop and think about this. There are 12 to 15 million people to grade a New York City
Metropolitan area for getting about Buffalo and Rottenchester and Albany, Inc.
Connected, the engine even, Cannon, DeGu and all of them in around the quay.
And if you look at that list right now, people have signed out of this petition,
fed up with government deciding what you can watch, read and listen.
I mean, this is worded exactly the way it should be.
It's great. Help us get a million signatures.
Tell your friends and stop about stop at seashell.com.
Yadi, which is what we're doing.
And when we started this yesterday, we were number what? 6 or 7?
All right. Yeah. Florida. 7 because we were behind Ohio and Pennsylvania.
We hopped over Ohio like Cleveland just fell into Lake Erie.
And now we hopped over Pennsylvania overnight like all of a sudden they had another three mile island.
And there we are. We're like almost the 300 ahead of Pennsylvania.
Yeah, let's make a contest out of it.
You know, just to motivate people because otherwise they sit back on their ass.
Right at the moment, we're 400 and what?
Let's see, 51, 451 names behind New York for third place.
I mean, we got a long way to go to whatever catch Texas or California,
which obviously is where this thing must have started, right?
I should ask out where he lives, where he's from, where he's hanging about.
Maybe he'll call back.
Maybe he'll call back and tell us or not.
Whatever. It's not important.
Don't call back Scott. You got important stuff to do.
Don't pay attention to George.
Well, my point being so we need almost 500 to hop over during the show.
We'll do that during the show. Otherwise, I'm going to tell you right now some major facts going to go down.
Don't you think?
Yeah, we'll do something.
We'll do something rash like come back tomorrow or something like that.
Let's see, the other day in the White House, the Secret Service went looking for Dick Cheney
and they discovered him in a closet. What does that mean?
Oh, one of our faxes out there. He's got a good start at St. Patti's day in his proud of it.
Too bad we can't play that the Lepper condom thing no more.
Can't play it no more.
But you'll notice that my approach to this whole thing, and I'm proud to say this,
hasn't been all of you.
And because you've got to be clever enough to be a survivor.
See how?
You can't just say, oh, I want to do this and they're picking on me.
You just have to try to rally the troops around you and bring it to the public's attention.
But in the meantime, you got to stay on the air.
And it seems to me that Bubba loves Bunger with an arrest coast over in Tampa.
He's the one that got canned.
How it's turned into a gut get canned.
He's still making his millions and millions, although he's belly-ickened.
Clear channel hasn't paying him no more.
Wow, what a bad break.
Bubba loves Bunger got canned. He's going to have to go on satellite radio if that thing ever pans out.
That Elliott in the morning in DC, he may get canned because the FCC finds heped channel 247 grand for his crap.
That brought out there on a West Coast got canned for even for the F word,
which appeared twice in a tape commentary that was supposed to be bleeped out by her producer.
And then the station says to her, yes, today, well, we realized we made a mistake.
We didn't realize the way you did your thing and it was taped and we'd like to have you come back and she said,
no, thanks.
I wouldn't feel comfortable working for you bastards after all.
How do you like that? What's that was her name? Sandra Loe,
see Ching as a lot to Sandra, Ching.
Here's an interesting fact that has nothing to do with that.
Oh wait a minute, maybe that's our friend again Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes, sir.
Scott, stop that CC.
Yes, Scott.
I just happen to hear you talking to me as I was shutting down your feed.
I'm in New York.
And in New York.
The reason that Texas has so many signatures, there are a couple of radio stations down there doing exactly the same thing you are.
They started last week.
So I'm sure you'll catch up to them and I hope that you pass by.
Excellent. Well, pass them by like they're standing still, man.
Excellent. Thanks, Scott.
Keep it up.
Thank you, too.
See, there you go. You asked and he called back. This is exciting. You know what?
Yeah, we're moving in straight.
No, seriously, I had said to myself quite some time ago, I'm not going to get involved in any more of these campaigns, any more of this crap.
You know, I've been involved all of this stuff and it's like farting into a windstorm.
But this is this is too important.
And the damn rest of the media, man, including the people in this radio industry.
What is wrong with you people?
What about your spineless cowards?
What about your jellyfish?
The government barks and you just bend over and like see how high they want you to jump.
Man, makes me sick of my stomach.
But like I started to say before I saw Scott, they're calling in again.
Was I don't just put in the context. Well, they're picking on me and we can't, I mean, I have mentioned that about the 60, 70% of the stuff that we've got already in our computer.
We can't play it anymore.
Like the percomans, we can't play that because if we say something about waxing your shalele, man, there you go.
We're done.
If we said waxing your, well, maybe your car.
Yeah, waxing. Oh, speaking of car, we can play that, you know,
yeah, there.
Big black eye named Ben.
No, or even the, the eyes and car alarm.
Can't play that normal.
No.
But you do the best you can.
You go ahead and you try to make a difference in to try to get the public in on it as opposed to sitting in a,
oh, gee, they're picking on me.
They're picking on parole me and it must be because I'm an anti-bush guy and all this other crap.
You know, I'm getting tired of that, Howard.
You're really sick of it.
There are more of us in the industry than you.
Yeah, he's been very successful.
He's making a ton of money and more power to me, Audi Audi.
But in the meantime, long after he's dead and buried, there's going to be other people on the air.
I hope.
God, it's one thing to have an ego with another thing to have it run away so far.
In fact, I got some pretty good articles, one from the New York Daily News about that, about Howard Stern.
And another one from where was it?
Variety magazine about Stern or Riley and others crossing the line from self-promotion to narcissism.
And during my sprage, George will explain to us what that means.
He's explaining to clearance a derro right now what that means.
Twenty, we had quite a gathering between clearance and Duff and yours toward this morning.
It was, I wish now I would have been taping that, especially the stuff that Duff said about, about Mo.
Absolutely.
Wow.
I don't think Mo would have come back tomorrow to be to her then.
Hey, catch all the NCAA action tomorrow, the 18th with QAM for the singular wireless fan jam at David Buster's in Hollywood.
Jam on it.
And it went a 52 inch TV with surround sound and $300 cash.
It gets underway at 2 p.m. with a mad dog, followed by the booster, Booth Shamby at 4, Georgia's favorite, and a good guy.
That said, David Buster's tomorrow afternoon, all afternoon long, which gives the Humper a day off because he's in Vegas.
Plunge in his guts out.
Don't eat too much out there, Humper.
Come on.
Oh, what am I talking about? 7.40 in the morning. He's just crawling in right now.
Nineteen before 11 a.k.w.
If you're planning on replacing your carpeting because you think it's hopeless because it's so dirty that you think nobody in the world can make them look useless, uh, worthwhile again.
Forget about it.
Call our good friends to drive concepts. They will amaze you.
They can take the schmutziest, nastyest, most hopeless looking carpeting in the world and make it look like you had brand new laid.
I mean, put down right on your fork.
Lens a laid no more.
They use certified train technicians who know their stuff inside and out no axe murderers.
And they drag clean your carpets just the same idea as drag cleaning your clothing, which leaves your carpets looking and smelling lemony fresh just like brand new soft to the touch.
They're drying just a couple of hours.
It's a mahaia, even if you have no idea what that means.
How about your area rugs, your draper, your, uh, poultry, all of these things.
They do the same fantastic job on those and they give you a written guaranteed price for whatever they're doing for you upfront before they start the job.
Nobody else does that a guaranteed price. No tack on's. No bad surprises when they get the job done.
And when you call drive concepts, I keep telling you be sure and have them put your understand by list because that can save you an extra 15% on your next carpets cleaning.
Call them today. I've been using them for over 20 years. I wouldn't dream of using anybody else.
Call drive concepts toll free at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the worldwide wicked way of the driveconcepts.com.
We're sports radio 560. You a.m.
This is the time of year. What everyone's a wee bit higher. Say, Colleen, would you be wanting to come over to my place to have a wax my shell?
Oh, now that I would not attach it, if you be wearing the green.
Oh, no, there's a smart lassie. She's making sure her lad is wearing the telegreen protection of leopard condoms.
Don't be wishing on a fully clover. I've fallen for the gift of gab. Especially if you're planning on kissing some blindy stones.
And what have you been doubling your prediction with different condoms? They're strong enough for a man. But I like them too.
So, kick yourself a different condom and you won't be catching anything else.
There's nothing wrong with waxing your shell. The first of all does anybody know what a shell is? The Irish.
No, what is it? I have one. What is it? It's a stick. It's a cudgel, a clubby walk. It's a stick made of a briar wood coming from the back.
Well, what's wrong with waxing your sticks? That's why I've played it. There's nothing wrong with that.
I mean, Michael Brown thinks that that's bad. That it's quadruple on time. Well, guess what? It's him is what I say.
How often do you visit a church synagogue, mosque or other house of worship? That's our first pool today inspired by the Sun Sentinel.
310 votes. Never 194, 62.5% never to which I say, oh, right.
Excellent. Occasionally 97, once a week 14, every day three, every single day, every month a condom is to collect the Chinese say.
And a couple of times a week, too. Well, we got a bunch of heathens out there or what? Yeah. Man, we like it.
Tom says, I just signed the petition on stopfcc.com. I work in a public place with a lot of foot and automobile traffic.
I just put up a big sign with just the web address on it. I'm sure I could give at least 20 people to sign up. If you're going to raise money for advertising for this site, I'll gladly donate $20.
I know it's not much, but it's all I can afford right now. Thanks, Bush. Where's my tax cut? Monkey lips.
I've gone time. You're the best. Well, we don't want any money yet, but I mean, we got to figure out a way to do this.
You know, because I did that so far. Save our food. Right. And that was like farting into a wind storm. You know, we put out those ads.
But see, the problem with that is we were appealing to people in the radio industry who are by, you know, by and large a bunch of spineless cowards, like I said before.
And I'm proud to say it again. We just roll over and play dead, including management, including ownership, and including most of the people on the air. Oh, yes. Yes. And that's whatever you say. You know, I mean, granted, we got to protect people's licenses.
But on the other hand, I mean, fight back a little bit, you know. But I think that in this case where we're trying to get people to sign a petition is all we're just trying to do. And we're doing pretty good here, I think. Aren't we? We're doing something.
Oh, seriously, take a few of that. I'm going to keep we'll go buy New York today. I'll like it. Stand and still 3103. Since we started today, we had 2998.
It means 105 people already in less than an hour have signed on. If signed a petition, stop FCC.com. We got to beat Texas.
Well, that's that's way down the road. A piece. Okay. If you have checked the map out, it's down the road. A piece. We're going to hop over.
Need York, like there's standing still 3546 in New York City with 15 million people. What's wrong with you people in New York? You Howard Stern lovers.
And everybody else too. Because like I said, the issue isn't about him. Maybe that's the problem.
Here's a facts. It says, please don't let anybody know who's singing this. Okay. I always love those.
Neil and George, if you don't know yet, there's a former Broward deputy running against Ken Jenny for sheriff. This is a regular guy.
He is not on a power trip like the anxious obnoxious Ken Jenny. He doesn't look like a possum either. I'm sure he doesn't believe in busting clubs.
And he's not a gay basher. He doesn't want to work. He wants to work with the community and not take over all the city's police departments as Ken Jenny does.
That fascist bastard, the him it. Please let's get this guy elected now as close to eight. I see there's a line through that.
Is that 85% I don't know. Line through mine too. Oh, I think it's 85% of all of that.
The previous and Robert supporting him. Oh, there it is again. It's in there again. It is 85 supporting him on the hush because if Jenny found out he'd fire all 85%.
Most communities who still have their own police department are backing him because they don't want to be overthrown by Ken Jenny. His name is Edward W. Holbrook.
I wonder if he's getting the hell. Holbrook. Please help. Okay. Support Ed Holbrook.
Now again, I'm saying that just because we got this facts here and probably shouldn't be doing that. We should have our vast research department. Check this guy out. Right. Right.
Our vast our staff staff. Right. Our salately.
Right. 3103, man. I am so proud of these people that are finally getting off their ass. Their mad is hell. They're sick of this crap.
Rod in Miami. Hey, 3112. Jeff in Lauderdale by the sea. Your names are already on there. See they put the last five people to sign the petition. It's a rolling thing.
And there's no guarantee your name will actually show up on there because there's so many signing, which is good news.
I'm going to my goal. I mean, my goal is not my thing. It's Scott. But my goal is to get this guy over 50,000 by tomorrow. Okay.
All right. Don't you think I'm going to tell everybody everybody in the hall. 47,472 signatures so far since they started March 5th. It's only the 17th. It's in 12 days. That's a good start. Scott.
And we're going to get him up to over 50,000 by tomorrow.
Because this is all you can do because most people are going to write a letter. I mean, if you sit down and you write a letter,
is anybody going to pay any attention to it? 99 times out of 100 not. But if your name is right there with a million other people or 10 million other Americans,
people who are like real living and breathing people, then all of a sudden they have to say, well, wait a minute. Let's take a look at this thing because the public is forming at the mouth. And we got an election comment. That's what gets to him.
Because that's the one thing that most politicians are just like broadcasts, spineless cowards. They stick their finger out the window to see which way the window is blowing.
Here's one from somebody. It says over 10 years without cable television. We own DVDs and VHS entertainment. If we need to know what's going on the world, we listen to QAM, 500 channels and nothing's on. Well, that's a good point. Uncle Mel.
That's a good point, but I still we got to have the cable. How can I survive without cable, right? Right. If I didn't have my, huh? Use rope, I guess. If I didn't have my digital cable, I would have the BBC.
That it is camps that were operating inside Pakistan, occupied, Christian, Pakistan. There's no question. How could we have on more than this in moving the country towards war? Because these are matches of opinion. I don't think we should be.
See how the hell could I survive without that? And without like much music, for example, I could have survived without that.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, Elizabeth.
Huh? How could I make it through the day without that?
What did I do with our second pool? Oh, here it is. We'll let people call him with suggestions for the second pool. We've done it before, but I'm doing it again on our judge McDonald, who's been doing hockey games for 7000 years, me and HL.
Never got any better. I mean, he's, they don't come any better. What I just say. I have. Listen, I want to tell you what the good about James with all, with all do sincerity and, you know, because I like to bust in his balls because he's an Irishman happy.
I say, Paddy's day, jugs. But he certainly was a big improvement from his predecessor, Chris moron. Oh, right. Anybody knows that with his right attack and all of his other silly ass crap.
I think that's one of the reasons that hockey failed to go over bigger than it should have in South Florida is because of Chris moron. What an idiot. What an anxious, obnoxious. He's the guy that told you 7 years ago.
I don't think near Rogers is ever going to be on WQAM. Very perspicacious, Chris. So James has been a big improvement over him. He's enthusiastic. He makes the game exciting.
If you could see what was going on, he could make it even more exciting. Who was your favorite sportscaster of all time? Here's my list so far. I mean, what do I know? Mike Lang, Mel Allen, Howard David,
Rick Weaver, Bob Prince, Jigsmeek Donald, Joe Bowen, Foster Hewitt, Moog Shamby, Bill Hewitt, Fred Kusik, Joseph Gackie, Red Barber, and I don't care about sports. That's the list so far.
And by the way, it was it was a Georgia's idea to put a couple of those people on there. I don't want to mention. Oh, Mike. Oh, Mike. Joseph Gackie. Well, he's a sportscaster. He's on this radio station. That's right. He deserves to be on there.
Oh, Mike. Oh, Mike. And the best part of it is he'll get a vote probably the beast of vote for him because the beast is such a suck up anyway. WQAM. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing today? Great. You know, I wanted to mention two different movies to you that kind of explain the direction that this country is going in. Yes, sir. One would be good morning to you. NUM.
Great movie. Robin Williams had to go over there, take the sheet off of the printer, give it to the guy, haven't crossed out what he can't say. I can give it back to him. Right.
The other movie would be demolition man. Every time Sylvester's still on curse, he got your arch for it. That's right. I like that. I love it. So those. In his case, I love it even more. And the way that things are going that came right to my mind. Right away.
Pretty scary man. Yes, it is. So just one of them mentioned that you have a great day. You two, thanks. Thank you. 5 6 7 0 5 60. We'll get to about a million calls between now and what's that schedule look like? The ungraduized mad dog at two, the hopper and Vegas at four.
The Hebrew hammer. Panther preview at seven. Panthers host the islanders, would you get all in? Then I find out the Duff and the clearance. It's a two man job.
It takes the two of them. It takes two to make these schedules up. They still can't even come close to being right. It's at the Macarena and sunrise guys sports experts.
7 30 game time tonight. Jeff Rimmer and Randy, Randy Randy motorbionner. Wow. Wow. What a who's buying that meal. Marlins on deck at six, 50 on 7 90. Marlins and the Dodgers were farming that because it's a not a real game. It's an exhibitionist game.
That's on 7 90 from Viral Beach. Eddie K follows the hockey game around 10 30 and sporting news radio overnight because you're on market fired.
You know, I've been telling you for years why you need to call dial amatris at one 800 mattress here are just a few reasons more.
Why auto call at toll free number one 800 mattress dial amatris backs up everything they say in advertising. 100% that their competitors still use lots of false and deceptive claims.
When you see a macrosad making outrageous claims our advice is read the fine print. There are a lot of lies out there. Here's an example.
The ads scream free frame free set up free removal. The tiny print on the news says it only applies to luxury models where you have to live so close to the story.
You'd be their neighbor or it's for something you don't need like a frame guess what most people don't need a frame and stores won't apply the credit to something else instead that you do need.
It seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to whatever you're buying but at dial amatris their ads have no tiny print no disclaimers no lies no BS every dial amatris delivery includes free set up and free delivery.
Whether it's a top of the line set or a twin mattress for a bunk bed no matter what dial amatris delivery terms apply wherever you live to no exceptions from Kendall to Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers from Ojas to a sweet water.
The other macros reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what are you waiting for pick up the phone right now and do what I've been doing for years do the smart way to buy a macros with one simple phone call to 1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS the honest way to buy a bed or log on to macros.com.
If you buy a log this is what when you're buying something you will.
Bolly Pop Little Boy.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey grandma, beautiful brothers and sisters
There are beaters, I'd raise my hands,
I'd chip you out My man with what I call discovery
Be comfortable, we'll speak, band, together band
Aa, as a bug-cracker, We'll tread
Into that l Avian
For the Taliban, in theME Diezan
please, snap the Camera
Oh!
Our caregivers
And the whole highlight is so good.
I'm 19 and we got some good news, boy.
You're a good friend, Lynn Samuelsman.
She's on top of it.
It took about two seconds and she got the link on there.
Sign the petition for stopthefcc.com.
Nice going, Lynn.
See that?
Well, I don't see it.
I'll take your word for it, though.
Well, why not?
Aren't you on Lynn Samuels' website right now?
No, I'm on the other guy's website, Counting the Florida
votes.
I see.
How are we doing?
31, 50 or something?
Wait, let me refresh it again.
They're crazy.
You're way behind as usual, mister.
Way behind.
Way off your feed.
31, 96.
See?
There you go.
We got almost 3,200 from Florida.
3,196 New York State has got 35.
That's the whole state.
How many people, what do you say about 20 million people
in New York state?
OK, we can find that.
I mean, you could look it up.
I mean, 18, 20 million people.
Now, granted, Florida's got, I think, 13, 14 million.
But nevertheless, we're just on the air like in this one
little corner on this, they believe radio station on AEM.
We're not like syndicated like a real radio show.
Of course not.
That's because Norma Kent's too busy with 85 other projects,
projects.
But anyway, four more for 3,200 and New York's got 3553.
During this show today by 2 o'clock, we're
going to pass New York State.
And again, it doesn't really make any difference
where the names come from.
But it's just as a little bit extra motivation.
See what I'm saying?
Like to try to point out that the people,
and of course the people in Florida ought to be more pissed off
because in the part of this where Howard Stern is a factor,
he's been taken off the air by Chief Channel
under obviously false pretense.
Poto-phony baloney just cave it in.
So you think that the people of South Florida
don't.
We got a big crossover between the Howard's audience and ours.
You think that a lot of them would be highly motivated.
But then again, this show is involved.
Robert a lot of sponge.
The last time I checked, he was on an West Coast.
We got how many people listening in Tampa?
3rd man.
Online.
So anyway, as of April 1st, 2000, it was 19 million.
Very close on your part.
Well, what did I say?
It's got to be about 20 million on New York State.
Nice guys, Neil.
Thank you.
And I got 3553.
We'll show you people in New York a thing or two.
OK, on you hot shots up there.
In fact, we probably got more New Yorkers in South Florida
signing them to put the right than New Yorkers in New York.
How do you like them, apples?
Uh-huh.
Man.
At the moment though, the last five of California's
going heavy duty.
There must be somebody on here.
And don't call me again in the Scott.
You're going to start getting chronic.
No, call on everyone.
I guess every time I see line 9 ring, it's going to be Scott.
The Scott leg.
He's wondering, how come they doing screenless?
How come they just pick up?
Well, that's because we just feel like doing it.
We're crazy that way.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, because we don't want to subject Josh to the calls,
OK, especially at his young age.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0.
Here's something great.
Somebody just thanks Bill and Pat.
Thanks, Bill and Pat.
It says.
Spain's incoming Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez
Zapotero today.
We've often appeal for President Bush to stand by the US
letter.
Your occupation of Iraq, which Zapotero described as a fiasco.
Oh, I will listen to Mr. Bush.
My position is very clear and very firm.
Zapotero told on that.
Teto radio.
Sarah, see, when I do the Spanish, I start to want to see
again with Italian on the set.
Or radio.
What does that mean?
What one zero?
I don't know.
Undasero.
He said, bonus, Sarah, bonus, Sarah.
The occupation is a fiasco.
There have been almost more deaths after the war than during the war.
He said, Zapotero is due to take office next month after an unexpected election
win Sunday.
It's place to withdraw.
His 1300 Spanish troops from Iraq by July 1st, if the UN doesn't take charge there.
You go, boy.
Nice going.
I'm not going to sacrifice any more of these Spaniards because of the fact that George
W. is a lunatic, a maniac in heat surrounded by a bunch of Neocon lunatics.
He makes himself.
Good, golly.
One of the Americans.
And they keep showing all these polls now because for whatever reason the Republicans
have decided to make a big issue of it, then Kerry said that four and leaders have told
them they hope that he wins.
The whole rest of the world hopes that he wins.
Whether it was John Kerry, Howard Dean, it wouldn't have made any difference.
It was Daffy Duck that has said, we hope you beat Bush because the rest of the world hates
Bush and is scared to death of him because he's irrational.
He's a lunatic.
So it's not even debatable.
In fact, that issue is going to blow up right in front of their puts.
You'll see just like that.
Deputy QA and hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Does he help?
Yes, sir.
All right.
You know where George Herbert Walker Bush was when we were at that?
Where is that?
Oh, he was having a dinner.
He was having a meeting.
No, it was a breakfast meeting.
He was having a meeting with the big mob.
Right.
He was actually meeting with the mob.
Yeah, we talked about that.
We weren't at dinner at 9 o'clock in the morning.
He was having breakfast with his Saudi buddies.
It's been a lot of fun.
Exactly.
I don't know what you had.
Not only that, but why wasn't that George Bush Walker Bush went into that classroom
after he knew that we were already under attack?
Mm-hmm.
But you said that he already knew that.
How do you know that?
They came in and told him out.
Because in the timeline, he went into the classroom three minutes after the first
plane hit.
So in other words, it was staged when his aide came in a whisperedness here that was
staged.
He went in to do his photo ops no matter what.
There you go.
And if you pay attention, the book he was supposedly reading the kid was upside down.
I heard it, Wade.
I heard the book was mind-confed is what I heard.
Could be just a rumor.
It should have been mind-confed, whatever.
You'd like to, good luck to us, Pallie.
All right, I'd like to.
Thanks.
Let's see.
I asked a question the other day.
And now we see my answer.
The article was near today.
They sent sent along page three, a says somebody, Dave.
Only problem majority of people don't give a shmit.
Now what is this about?
I don't know.
I didn't read it.
But a beep, but a boop.
But a mop, a gaze, an out-of-fort, and the right to marry.
Pallie's it says, could you play I'm a C's boring for Elliot, New Jersey.
World protesters march more than five.
Yeah, but the only problem was there were about a hundred people, you know?
Remember somebody called about that, but it was like, first it was going to be 60 and
then it was like a hundred people protesting the war.
I mean, I commend them.
Those people who have done it, but let's get cereal.
Hundred people.
That's why, you know, sooner or later, somebody's got to wake the public up.
Am I going to do it?
At least a few people anyway.
We got 3,200 signatures on there yet or what?
Checking, reloading.
I'm reloading my software right now.
Okay.
I'm reloading.
No, you could do that.
3,208.
3,208.
We started day with 29 and 98 or at least when a show started.
So that's 210 already and less than an hour and a half.
So just like I told Scott who started this whole day and again, thanks to you Scott and
thanks to over call this in.
I'm very, very grateful because maybe I'm not even my old age, but even if we can't,
even we don't succeed, which you know, the odds are long, but at least we're giving
it a shot.
We're giving it our best shot.
What can he Johnson would say?
We got a shot.
As opposed to just rolling over and playing dead, letting them just play fast and loose
with the first amendment, whatever else they want to do.
It's sad.
I'll tell you what else is sad and that's the way that your friend the water Nazi makes
a log.
I think what you ought to do is like run the same spots back to back from now on.
That would be a good idea.
Let's just do the moment one big time.
There you go.
Like Alan Burke used to do rest in peace.
26 after 11 at 5, 60 WDQM.
I've been telling you for a long time why you ought to call Dallamatris toll free at 1,800
Manfres.
Here are just a few reasons why you need to call him.
Dallamatris backs up everything they see in advertising 100% that their competitors
still use lots of false and deceptive claims.
In other words, they lie like crazy.
When you see a Macriestead making outrageous claims, our advice is please read the fine
print because that's where you'll find oodles of lies.
Here's an example.
The ad screams out with a big headline free frame, free setup, free removal, but the tiny
print underneath says it only applies to luxury models.
Or you have to live so close to the story and practically do either next door neighbor.
Or maybe it's for something you don't need like a frame.
Guess what?
Most people don't need a frame and stores won't apply the credit to anything else instead.
It seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to what you're buying.
But a Dallamatris that ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers, no lies, no BS, no phony
promises.
Every Dallamatris delivery includes free setup and free delivery period.
Whether it's a top of the line set, a twin mattress for a bunk bed or anything in between.
Dallamatris delivery terms apply wherever you live to.
No exceptions from Candle to Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, from Ischbeming to Ojas.
Dallamatris reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're
buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what are you waiting for?
I've been buying my mattresses for a long time from these folks.
They make it easy or you do as make them one simple call.
They show up on time, take away the crappy old bedding and set up your great new one, just
like that.
Call them today, toll free at 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS or log on to their website, macriss.com.
The honest way to get a great night's sleep.
On stopfcc.com, we got 32-33, I believe last time I took a pub get it.
Here's our pull, we'll change the pull and then we'll get some names for it.
How often do you visit a church synagogue, mosque or other house of worship?
The sun sentinel took the same pull yesterday and I was staggered to find that 39% of the
respondents of the sun sentinel, a goody two shoes newspaper, said never, they never
go.
33% sent only occasionally so you put those two together, it's only 72.3% and yet those
religionists would have us believe and the right wingers would have us believe that America's
overwhelmingly super religious fanatics, thank god they're not, at least not our crowd,
not in them.
560 votes, look at that, 560 QAM, 560 votes, oh that's a beautiful thing, you see that?
I love it.
How often do you go to these joints?
Never 345, 61.6% never, never, ever go.
What is vice president Dick?
As a bush campaign, they dragged him out of the closet for a couple of minutes.
Occasionally 177, once a week 28, every day, six, every single day, and a couple of times
a week four out of 560.
Here's the fact that says, as a long time list, I'd like to ask you to help out with a different
injustice that the president's trying to take away from the people he's trying to write
into the constitution, discrimination against gay and lesbian people.
There's a pool to help stop George Bush and I was hoping you might place a banner on
your site to help out.
The site is, and it's a long website here, but if you fax this to Eric, I'm sure Eric
will be delighted to put it on there.
HRC.org slash million from average slash index dot, oh I'm afraid of that last part there.
What does that say?
Yes, it's what?
Anyway, oh I see H3TML, some of the next lines.
Please feel free to visit and see if you'd approve it to your site.
There's a wonderful commercial on their title.
What if the world was gay and it's a touching commercial?
Well, quick touch on it.
I just want to thank you for your time.
I don't know.
You have people as far away.
Same Paul Minnesota listening to show.
Keep kicking right wing ass.
Thank God for the old test.
Thanks, Pally.
We'll put it on there in no time at all because Eric is on top of it as soon as you fax it
to him.
It'll be on there.
The link, right?
Okay.
How come Miss Fudge won't put a link on there to stop FCC?
Does Miss Fudge believe in free speed?
Even his good buddy Rush there was a defending Howard.
And his whole FCC thing is pretty pissed off.
How about Miss Fudge?
Come on Lynn, get your boyfriend to put it on there.
Then we get some response.
He's got 80 trillion readers all around the universe, even on a new planet they just discovered
to read in the Fudge report.
Now Anthony faxes and says the aid went to him after the second plane hit.
Right.
Now you see, what the rationalization for that would be.
Well, when the first plane hit the first tower, they thought it was an accident.
There's only one problem with that.
A very big problem.
And that is that the FAA already knew that there were four planes that had been hijacked
that weren't going where they were supposed to be going.
Oh.
Huh.
How do you like that?
So you can't say, well, they thought it was an accident when all these other planes
were hijacked.
It just don't all happen on the same day.
Well, crap happens, you know.
Pretty sad.
Thanks Anthony.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Who was your favorite sportscaster of all time?
That's the poll we'll put up at noon.
In honor of Judge McDonald on his 85th anniversary of broadcast in any chill games.
WQAM.
Hello.
Not there.
QAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I love the dance you've got.
He's a beautiful thing.
That's funny.
Okay.
CNN had a story on yesterday.
I didn't catch all of it only the end of it about Howard Stern and speaking remarks
about President Bush.
Did you hear anything about that?
No.
Okay.
Just one more thing that you hear.
Toast and still got to have their own sports show now.
He has way down.
We mentioned that.
We promoted the whole thing.
Oh, I'd just feel like, well, I hate that toast guy.
Well, he'll be toast soon.
In fact, it's a cute thing to you.
You know what Eric did to the Joe and Mark blurb that we have.
Yes.
They're toast.
That's a cute thing, Eric.
What an Eric.
I'm telling you for a fat guy.
He's pretty clever.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T.
I don't think we'll get any more names for the sports guy.
But that's okay.
Maybe we'll get one or two.
That's okay.
Well, we have bigger fish to fry.
Oh, and I don't start.
Don't start.
Even you are a bit of a booster once you get up there.
Wow.
Well, there's just too much stuff going on all the same time.
You know what?
32, 33.
32, 33.
And what's New York got?
35, 59.
35, 59.
So we need 3500.
Let's see.
3559 and 32, 33.
We need 236 names on here by not two o'clock.
Of course, they'll be getting some more too.
So we need about 300 to pass them like they're squatting with their 20 million people.
We'll show New York State a thing or two, okay?
When it comes to activism?
Right.
WQAM.
Hello.
Oh, I wish I was.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm the boxer cop.
Oh, my God.
How are you?
What rock did you crawl out from under?
Oh, boy.
I've been around.
I've been monitoring.
Have you really?
Hey, what do you think of this new liberal radio network?
You want me to give you a real short answer?
Of course.
That's my answer.
Liberals aren't like rush rushy.
They're not ditto heads.
You don't think not?
I don't know.
I wish Randy well, but it's farther than that.
Good luck to me.
It still has to be ratings and revenue producing.
That might be a problem.
And it still has to be interesting.
It can't just be light bulb radio, so we'll see how entertaining it is.
That's exactly right.
I forgot to, you know, I didn't get into say happy anniversary to you and the late one to
you with.
Thank you so much.
And in closing, I'll stand doing it.
I was just going to ask you the same thing.
I have an acclute.
Remember the line from the Godfather?
He's still alive.
See Elvis.
That's amazing.
560, 560, £560 on the AT&T and Roy's in the wireless line.
Man, they're still out there.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Alex, hello, Mario.
Excuse me.
Two things.
I don't know if you got Al Michaels on your sports pole.
No, I do not, but he's on here right now.
Excellent choice.
I like him because I'm a young guy and I really not into many sports just football and he's
the only guy I've heard in the last ten years, so there's no one.
And second, Joyce Kaufman was keeping the coupons on the COD on her show.
They knew the grade is, they knew there would be million bucks and that you'll be down
hours certain any day.
Joyce Kaufman?
Yep.
Oh my God.
You guys all I got to listen to.
I've been listening to you for years, probably 20 years and 79.
And I'm glad you're still around now.
Thanks, pal.
Have a great time.
Joyce Kaufman said nice things about me.
I never met Joyce Kaufman.
Is she kind of George S. Kaufman?
And the catch all the NCAA action, the 18th tomorrow with QA for the regular thing, the
singular, what kind of a promo is this clearance?
Catch all the NCAA action tomorrow, the 18th.
Why do we have to say tomorrow, the 18th?
It says on here, liner for Wednesday, the 17th.
This is Miguel, by the way.
Like I said, Clarence is still in here, they'll blame him.
They don't want it to be confused with tomorrow, the 20th.
I see with QA for the singular wireless fan jam at David Buster's in Hollywood, enter to
win a 52 inch TV with surround sound and 300 bucks in cash.
It gets underway at 2 p.m. with the mad dog followed by the booster, boobshambi at 4.
I'll go on at David Buster's tomorrow afternoon.
The 18th.
20 till noon, speaking of the number, this is the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the amazing only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible, they pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit
bureau fee and even zero discounted points.
Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
How can you beat that?
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are only three thirty four a month.
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay only six sixty eight a month.
And don't forget, once you be financed, you get a new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So column today, toll free of that brand new number.
There's one eight six six three nine five lend.
I'll answer all your questions.
There is absolutely positively absolutely no obligation.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve.
Then move on to your next property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero closing costs, even when you move to another property.
Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25%.
The only one mortgage from financial group, never ever pay closing costs again.
Call them today, 1 866 395 lend.
That's 1 866 395 LED, either an equal housing lender, restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
My life and love, this is 4.256, UA 2A.
I join your honey.
Jesus Christ,
movie star,
are you as bell-kissed as you are?
Bill Pitchin used to be the star of lethal weapons.
Now he's making movies about the crucifixion.
People in the theaters are bound to ask,
it was okay but wasn't as good as Mad Max.
Jesus Christ,
movie star,
wreck screen and the Pope,
give you four stars.
Jesus Christ,
take the look.
Jesus Christ,
don't see the film till you read the book.
Jesus Christ,
on the screen,
where there was no heart,
Jesus Christ,
T-A-T,
like that true name and variety.
Jesus Christ,
movie star,
are you as bell-kissed as you are?
Jesus Christ,
okay it's 1146, I'm just taking a few of those numbers.
New York State, 3565,
that's only 6 more than the last time you looked at it.
Right.
And Florida, 3271,
which is 48 more than we had before.
So we're closing a Gap Man,
we're closing at Gap 29,
254.
How can I be?
Was my man thrown before?
Oh I said 230, we needed 336.
So it's coming down.
Now it's 2-something.
Just get on there,
stop FCC.com and thanks to Daniel and Sonny Isles
and Maria and Miami and Joseph and Cooper City
and Lisa and Homestead,
who are four of the last South Americans to sign on the petition
to tell the FCC and the government to cut the crap.
See the most important thing about this is
that it's not partisan,
it's not Democrats or Republicans,
it's not the right wing or the left wing,
it's all of them.
They just decided that it's goody to choose you
because it's an election year.
So we'll just start stopping all over the First Amendment
and we'll just start finding people like crazy
and we'll post you for,
and again the other pool that we're taking here
I think is significant.
I don't know, I probably Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell
are the ones who are taking these other pools.
Oh 85% of Americans are devout
and go to church in synagogue every day.
Bull crap.
Where did they come up with this garbage?
How do they race?
How often do you visit a church synagogue,
mosque or other house of worship
or ask for a day?
626 votes, never 386,
that's 61.6%.
Never.
Never.
Wouldn't go near it.
Casually 197.
Once a week 32,
every day 6, couple of times a week 5.
So occasionally you're never in our crowd
is 93%.
In a sunset, there was 72.3%.
WDQM, hello.
Yeah, hi.
I was calling about the FTC petition.
Right.
Yeah, yesterday I signed up on a petition
and it said it was supposed to email me
confirmation I clicked on
and it never did.
I got nothing in my A.
Probably under spam folder.
What's that?
Spam.
When are you spam folder
if you have the high spam settings
like the rest of the stuff?
Yeah.
No, I don't have any spam settings.
I don't get any spam mail.
It's really on you.
That's why you don't get any spam mail
because you have a high spam setting.
Right.
I'm working on Windows 98
and I've never upgraded anything.
I'll do it that.
I don't surf.
Trust me when I tell you we've had
a lot of people who have signed
it who have gotten the confirmation.
So it's just a technical thing.
Don't worry about it.
Oh, okay.
I was worried about that too.
And I asked Scott,
who started the whole campaign
when he called earlier.
I asked him about it.
And it's a technical thing
with your computer.
But don't worry about it.
Okay, as long as my vote counted.
Yeah, this is, I'm like the 2000 presidential election.
This is one where you can be sure your vote will count.
Excellent.
Thanks, Pallee.
Thanks.
See you.
How do you like that?
Something's happening, baby.
You can smell it.
From coast to coast, from pulling a pose.
People are finally waking up.
God damn it.
It's too bad we're not syndicated.
Just for one week.
Just for a week.
Right?
A month.
I hope that somebody over there in Tampa,
which I know those people,
a lot of them are pissed off
about bumping, love spunk getting fired.
Why are you starting to churn,
or a turtle?
Yeah, it's a bastion of activism there.
No, no, no, no.
Hey, listen, when you pork off those red dags, man.
They get pretty, pretty, and porky.
They might just sit down hard.
Just watch it.
Okay.
Any in Pember Pines,
there is the Bush crime family.
Since coming to South Florida about four years ago,
I've learned a lot less than your program.
The organized crime families of the 30s, 40s, and 50s
were just controlling crooked polyphysians,
police and the media.
We have people at the newspaper, don't we, Tom?
They might like a story like that.
They now own the companies that control what goes on.
And in the media, they don't just have politicians in their pockets.
They're the politicians that control what goes on in this country.
Forget fighting over Chicago, New York and other big cities in America,
the world is now their territory.
Iraq is just another rich territory in play.
Sodom Hussein and Bush's ex-partners have been at odds for a long time
over oil and money.
Sodom made the deal pay off just before he was to be taken out by Bush number one.
Angry, he later tried to put the hit on Bush number one.
Now GW has the revenge.
All the summits, meetings and agreements like WTO, NATO, or United Nations,
and so forth are just the families of the world.
Getting together to divide the spoils between themselves,
the terrorists are just another angry family that's been screwed over and had their share stolen
by the very family now in power here in the US.
Think about every other position they take it all fits like OJ's glove.
If it doesn't fit, it's full of Schmidt.
Hi, it's going Eddie.
Bush administration accused of manufacturing the news.
Oh my God.
This can't be true.
The Bush administration is being investigated for producing
ready-made television news package.
Oh yeah, we already had this.
Oh, that's what this was something new.
Sorry.
Ready made TV news packages in which actors were paid to pose as journalists.
TV news releases were sent to local stations to be running.
Well, they all do this.
And they're seeing all sorts of little slugs.
It's called the big lie, you know.
Nothing is what it appears to be.
Just keep that in mind.
All you young people out there, the rest of us are too old to do any good.
Just keep it in mind.
Nothing is what it appears to be.
Okay.
That's what I told her.
Yeah.
And you know what she said?
You call that a penis?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 60 on the 8th.
We can still say penis.
That's not too often.
That's not too often.
Don't say vagina though.
We can't say this sentence.
You can say Virginia, but don't say vagina.
Every two in the house.
Not there on line 2.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's my bad because I'm not taking any calls.
We're not going to name more names.
We got L. Michaels.
That's a good one.
We don't want to leave him off there.
The Hupper will get upset.
Although the Hupper is out there in Vegas.
Let's see.
It's 8.52 in the morning.
He's probably still sound asleep, cutting the big Z's.
In fact, there are a lot of people out there
like to cut Joe Z, like in the little pieces.
Now, he's a good guy.
He's a really good guy, but...
There's a guy he sucks, okay?
WQM, hello.
Hey, how you doing? Talk to the health, please?
Yes sir, speaking.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
And I just wondered, can you stay shellally today?
Yeah, we just said it once.
Don't say it too late.
All right.
Listen, I can ask you a question.
Sometimes I listen to you and you seem to concur
with the control of media, etc.
What does that mean?
I seem to concur with the control of media?
I mean, you're in agreement that it happens.
That's what I mean to say, I apologize.
Yeah.
But other times you seem to bark at conspiracy theories.
Such as what?
Global control by the elite.
I mean, is there such a thing?
That's a conspiracy.
That's a fact.
There's nothing to bark at on that.
I mean, that's a fact.
Like in network, the world is a business, and that's the truth.
All right.
Okay, understood.
But I mean, we don't believe in the fixes in some sorts.
Absolutely.
But you don't believe that at a higher level
that this is all dominated by these elites?
Yes, I do.
All right.
All right.
Well, another question.
I have more questions.
Have you ever heard the term, Cesar Bill?
No.
A Cesar Bill.
No.
And we've got possibly from the three Spudges.
Cesar Bill?
Cesar Bill.
He's a real Cesar Bill.
I'll check with Mo.
Yeah.
Very good.
I guess.
I guess.
Have you ever heard that, Cesar Bill?
No, I know.
Not tonight.
I heard a Cesar, Edward Cesar hands.
There he goes with that Johnny Depp stuff again.
He just can't stop.
You're right.
I read some reviews of his new movie.
What is it called, Josh?
Secret window.
Secret window.
I'm not too good.
Damn it.
I mean, well, just a review.
It was in New York Post.
I believe it was the Daily News, one of the other.
But it was pretty weak.
They said that Johnny just kind of like a sleepwalks his way through the thing and doesn't
and it's a lame story.
But that's what they said.
What do they know?
653 votes on there and then that noon will change the poll to who was your favorite sportscaster
all time.
I'm going to vote for Josh McDonald, aren't I?
No.
No.
Just a joke, Josh.
Okay.
Oh, we're kind of a funny, dirty guy.
But nevertheless.
He's Irish.
Don't be picking on jokes on this.
On his day of shame on you, Neil, you bastard.
You they're honoring jokes.
They're putting them on the TV telecast tonight.
With Denise Poppan, which is hardly an honor.
Boy, you talk about a dumb frog, man, oh, man, oh, man.
The one of those people in the Ranger fans hated him like poison.
Used to sing Poppan sucks and all the Poppan beats his well, whatever.
Steering alleged his clear channel refuses payment.
The war between Howard Stern and Clear Channel continues to escalate, says Radio Inc.
Clear Channel, the angst Stern, off six stations last month after a call to use the inward
while Stern was talking sex with Paris Hilton's ex boyfriend, Rich Solomon.
Now Stern claims Third Channel refuses to pay him as per his contract.
The reason we have a contract with him is so they wouldn't pull stuff like this, he said.
Any audio, any audio?
I'm curious.
Let's take up a collection for Howard Stern, shall we?
No.
And then I'm looking at Boycott Fair Channel again, Howard Stern back on the air.
He's got his own petition here.
And you're right.
I mean, this is sad.
The same exact thing would have happened to me and I would have started a petition drive on our website
and only had 4,072 signatures after I don't know how many days this had been on there.
I think, well, who am I kidding?
Especially when you're on like pillar to post post to post?
What is that? 4,000 signatures?
I could go out on a street corner here, get more than that in an hour.
Carmas and says, Stern not indecent.
Wow, good for him.
I'm going to, in the next hour, want to give to those two articles I've talked about.
King of all creatures from the New York Daily News yesterday.
And Stern or Riley and others are crossing the line from self-promotion to narcissism.
Pretty sad.
Let me say it again.
The whole issue here with this FCC, thinking this petition drive, that's why I like it so much,
even though the guy did call in Howard to try to, you know, enlist his support.
It isn't about Howard Stern.
It's not about Bubba Lovespung.
It's not about Neorodgers.
It's not about Bob and Tom.
It's about something very, very bizarre called freedom of speech.
What a concept.
Four minutes till noon, under the same panties day parade,
long since David and New York.
No, and kind of blustery weather there.
But look at this.
Some of them are walking a little bit side-sad, let's seems to me.
I'm not going to look all this.
This is my city.
There are you though yours.
You in.
Where are you?
It beat at 12 to 1 hour on WQM.
Dr. Howard Dean, governor, physician, surgeon for a way,
detacking to the American voters consciousness.
Then, in accidental overdose of embarrassment,
authors his body chemistry.
And now, when Howard Dean was angry or outraged,
a startling metamorphosis occurs.
We're the creatures, together by rage, and pursued by a nation of reporters.
I'm the California, and Texas, and New York.
We're going to South Dakota.
And Michigan, and then we're going to Washington,
and you see it, take back the White House.
Yeah!
This creature is wanted for a tyrant in Iowa.
Howard Dean's political future is believed to be dead.
And he must look the world fake that it is dead,
until he can find a way to control the raging spirit that dwells.
It will take a herculean effort by a busload of spin doctors
to change the public perception of the governor.
The only living creature in his life who still believes in him
is blind, deaf, mute, dog, lucky.
The creature must run to protect himself, but where will he go?
We're going to California, and Texas, and New York.
We're going to South Dakota.
And Michigan, and then we're going to Washington, and you see it.
Dr. Howard Dean's incredible joke.
Oh, yeah.
Bravo to a 560 W.D. Q.M. Happy Wednesday, happy St. Petties Day,
670 votes on it for his pool.
How often you visit a church synagogue,
mosque, or other house of worship?
Oy!
Never 416, 62% 416 out of 670.
Occasionally, 207, 30.0%.
Once in a while, like, is, yeah.
Once a week, 33, religiously, every day, 7,
and a couple of times a week, 7,
so 62% and 30, 90.8% either never or just occasionally.
And we congratulate you.
Also, congratulations to Matt and Ford Auditor, Dale,
and Brad and Margate, whose name is popped up on the stop FCC.com.
Nice going, guys.
Now, the last time I just checked here only moments ago,
3322 people in the South and Florida in the state
have signed a petition to stop the FCC in sanity,
to stop them telling us what we can read, and what we can listen to,
and what we can think, and what we can watch.
So let's see, 3571 for New York.
That means 248 behind.
I want everybody right now in this hour.
I don't want to wait till that last hour.
Right?
Okay, yeah.
Everybody this hour, especially it's lunchtime.
A lot of guys are like screwing off or screwing something.
And it's lunchtime.
Good time to, people are in a break.
Go to your computer right now.
And log on to stop FCC.com.
And it'll take you maybe 30 seconds.
How many?
About 30, man.
The type and the information they want at the bottom
and just punch that thing in there, and that's it.
Don't worry if you don't get an email back to confirm it.
Everything is kosher.
It's fine.
A lot of people are getting it.
And if you, you know, we don't want to go through all the technical
songs of the dance, right?
Just confuses people.
And by one o'clock, I want us to pass New York state
like they're lying down in the prone position,
and probably a lot of them are.
Probably all snowed in.
Man, I don't understand the difference.
There's just something I'm not knocking it.
Because the sun is shining here in Toronto right now.
It's cool. It's like about 28, 30.
About like, about 30, man.
But there's like almost no snow on the ground.
Because we got about a half an inch last night and snow too.
And it's pretty much all melted now.
To which I say,
Oh, right.
Upstate New York on the other hand,
which I can throw a brick from here to Buffalo.
And they got there like drowning in it again.
And they got like a foot of snow in Buffalo.
Do you see that?
Yeah.
Carbon.
And New York and Boston and places like that.
So we just kind of like blow it away.
A lot of blow on.
Go on.
Dan Kelly for the list.
An excellent choice.
The great voice of the Montreal Canadians and the St. Louis Blues.
And a lot of all star games we saw on the Great Dan Kelly.
Then I mentioned to Montreal Canadians I did.
Who is your favorite sportscaster of all time?
Mike Lang, Mail Island.
How are David Ed?
Absolutely.
Rick Weaver, Bob Prince, Jigsmeet Donald, my squad Jigs.
You old fart.
Joe Bowen, Foster Hewitt, Move Shamby, Bill Hewitt, Fred Kusik, Joseph Gackie, Red Barber.
I don't care about sports.
Al Michaels or Dan Kelly.
That's what we got so far.
We'll add to it.
Whatever you want.
Jerry Moody to Springs, who's a great American, says I just signed the petition at stopfcc.com.
I did get an email verification within five minutes.
I noticed on their website there's a place to type in the first three.
That's right.
The first three digits of your zip code you'll see how many signatures came from your area.
There were only 140 signatures from the Southwest Florida area.
And glad you reminded me about that, Jerry.
He says, I live in a bastion of republicanism over here.
It drives me up a wall.
My am radio choices besides sports are Bill O'Reilly, Rush Limbaugh, Laura Engraham, Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
And Nixon's vault-headed buddy with a mustache, G Gordon, who loves guns.
There must be one gun show a month and four buyers.
There's a self-proclaimed liberal talk show host on from two to four on Saturday afternoon.
I've heard him a couple of times.
Don't listen to much radio on Saturday afternoon.
He's a great liberal, but a terrible broadcast.
You see, that's the problem.
This is why I have a GE super radio.
I can listen to QM from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Thanks, Jerry.
That's for you.
Now, I noticed that 3-3-0 has got a lot.
That's Hollywood, right?
Okay.
The zip code.
3-3-1, which is Miami, which is right where you're sitting right now, QAM.
And at the part of North-Aid, 3-3-1 has got 400 and some on.
3-3-3, which is my zip code out there in plantation acres.
Not too bad, but certainly not up to stuff.
What are you red next doing out there, huh?
It's right.
You're chasing some possums and coons out in the hood.
What are you guys doing?
Get with it.
Hop on it.
Boy, we even have a couple of Jews out there, Ryan.
We even got a shoulder.
Don't let anybody know about it, though.
5-670560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't you feel like we tapped into something?
I'll tap it.
We tapped a vein.
WQAM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
I'm a Jew in Springs in Miami, zip code 3-3-0-7-1.
Hey.
Talk about what the Hollywood deal.
Your, yours is 3-3-0?
7-1.
That's called spring.
I'll be them because 3-3-0-2 is Hollywood.
Maybe it's like an East West thing.
Yeah, it could be it.
Oh, you're probably.
Oh, God.
Like I said, nothing is perfect.
Well, at least we narrowed him down.
He's in Coral Springs.
We narrowed it down.
The search continues, man.
We'll find him.
There's only one thing to say about schmucks like that.
Hi, I'm Pali.
WQAM, hello?
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple days ago he said something about Bush in Brazil.
And he said something to some leader there that...
Do you have black people here, too?
Yeah.
And who is a kind of Lisa Rice with us with?
Anyway, I went to a website yesterday to look for the story because I wanted to go to the source and print it out.
Right.
And I couldn't find it.
Is there anywhere in your website that I could find it or did you not put it on?
Oh, that was an old story.
That was from a couple of years ago.
I don't...
Whoever fasted that to me if they're listening, I'll have to refactor because I don't know where that came from.
But I read that before.
Oh, okay.
So it's an old story.
Yeah.
Well, maybe he's going to learn more since then.
But...
Is there some way I can get in touch with George without being going on the air?
Because he used to...
During the...
When you used to scream, like I'd be able to ask him something without going on the air.
Yeah, he did that.
Yeah, he hated that.
It was too much like work.
What do you need to ask him?
Send an email with some sort of a code word in the subject line so it won't look like spam.
Okay.
Thank you, Amber.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
So one of your perverted friends here doing some kind of...
Sounds like one of yours, though.
No, no.
What a mind.
I don't hang out with Dwight Lauderdale.
No chance.
He does all the good spots.
I don't even hang out in Lauderdale.
Like Janiola.
Yeah.
5670560.
Count 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Who is your favorite sportscaster of all time?
WQAim.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Have you seen any of the articles where they want to redo the...
Constitution?
No.
For the draft.
The places that you go to get your draft number and stuff.
No.
They're filling the vacancies.
They said they were over 2000 vacancies in the draft board.
And they're sending out notices.
Oh, yeah.
Now we had a story about that the other day on our website a couple of days ago.
They're preparing...
It's really scary.
That's going to be the February surprise.
I sure hope that all the young people out there who are just getting like 18, 19...
I sure hope they start thinking about that when they think about not having a...
They're voting in November.
Yeah, while the October surprise has been laudant.
And then the February surprise, if he's reelected, is the draft.
Mm-hmm.
Lovely.
Well, we got a lot to look forward to.
And everyone should vote AT&T until we have a paper trail.
That's what I'm going to do.
I'm voting AT&T 15, 20, 30 times.
If you vote AT&T, well, maybe in Broward County it'll be counted.
But if you stand a better chance of it being counted absentees
and you do voting with the voting machines.
Amen.
Have a good day, Neil.
You too, thanks.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
You know, that's a good thing.
I'll get a part of you doing a bit earlier in the week.
You can't be gay and be Irish.
Have you played that today?
Because I've been in and out of the car.
Yes, I did.
But I'll play it again.
Is it on the website right in Chantville?
No.
No.
Okay, thanks, Neil.
It's coming up in a matter of moments.
Excellent.
Bye.
See you.
Can't be Irish if you're gay.
You sure can't be that St.Patties Day parade.
How many million gay people are there in New York City?
30 million.
Do you know that?
No, I didn't.
Now, what's the deal here?
I guess, I guess, you know, who's the Josh that's putting the pool together?
He's punching it in there.
He's punching it in there.
Okay, just relax.
So, we'll get that on air one of these days.
What if Josh gets around to it?
I can't, I cannot look at, look at, know, at this stop FCC.com thing.
I'm really, uh, it's exciting.
Huh?
It's fun.
For a while.
Well, I mean, it's more than just fun.
Maybe we're going to try to accomplish something.
But if you make it fun and make it almost like into a contest here,
it's a little extra motivation for people.
Because people generally tend to be lazy and indifferent.
Uh, what good's that going to do?
Well, how much time is it going to take?
How many seconds?
About 30 minutes.
Yeah, get with it.
33, 76, what we had before, 33, 20.
That's good.
See what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
You never thought we could pass New York today, did you?
Especially, I think we were really good.
We had 54 people from Florida sign while the last one from New York.
How do you like that?
54 to 1.
If that ratio, we should pass them like there, like I said, in the phone position.
Like there in a prostate position.
35, 72 to 33, 76.
That's 124.
What is that?
That's four less than the 200.
196.
196.
Piece of cake by one o'clock.
We can blow right on by.
Wasn't that the unoverson blow right on by?
Yeah, that's it.
No.
Probably it's past noon at 560 WDQM.
Spring of the savings right now and save like never every four on a grid.
New car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of homestead.
The run US 1 just 20 easy, simple minutes south of the 836.
And Armstrong's Toyota homestead is worth a drag no matter where you are because they're going to save you a truckload of ton of cash on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great least deals waiting for you right now at Armstrong's.
An O4 camera, your four runner for just 269 bucks a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 highlander for just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in the country?
Just 179 bucks a month for 48 months.
These are just some of the fantastic savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead.
And now with those turnpike toll increases on people using cash,
Armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you get your new car or truck there.
General manager David Rich and the staff will stand on their head.
They'll do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today.
So experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference locally owned locally operated.
They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction.
And their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure your service work gets done.
Easy to get there.
They're right at US one and two 93rd Street and homestead.
Just 20 easy minutes out of the 836.
So please don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always seem to over promise and then under deliver and get your their dealership under false pretense.
Do the smart thing for once called David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota homestead call 305-242-242-47.
305-242-242-47.
Drive a little and save a ton on a great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead.
We're sports radio spicy.
UAM.
Who will be coming down with the new puns in patise.
A great day for the hey Richhal across the USA.
What do you want to do?
What is this right here?
Describe and valley who has a bunch of queers again this year who say that I wish to.
Oh God loves the aeush and less of course your gay.
You are your won't be marching upon same patise.
You can be your bum a bucket of scum sure and that's okay but you can't be aeush if you're gay.
Now you're out of hypereonians.
Those himminences grey have delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day.
Sure a little bit of heaven fall and nestled in the sea.
But you're gone straight to help a homosexuality.
Oh come loves the aeush as long as men have end except perhaps the leficards who've never been sure of it.
You can be stinking drunk in herel and chunks will laugh it all away.
But you can't be aeush if you're gay.
No!
No you can't be aeush if you're gay.
Don't even try to be aeush if you're gay.
Okay come 18 at 560 large explosion and Baghdad.
Baghdad who told us droid several dead.
Oi!
I thought since we captured Sodom everything was kosher's nemo we were being told.
Long and distinguished, chore very adequately.
I talked about all of that but let me just say that I had the pleasure.
Of watching him work as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
During a difficult time when there were very difficult issues on the table.
And his briefings, his cooperation, his opening.
Here's John Kerry who was just endorsed by that Ratskush posh leavey.
Whatever that guy's name is the former Joint Chiefs of Staff Head.
Nobody can pass that.
No we can't see it.
The.
On a main time they're showing now you're watching on CNN large explosion and Baghdad.
Wow.
Ed and Carl Sprin says God help us check that a Stephen L Goldstein opinion column in the Sun Sentinel.
I didn't know Geldie had a column in the Sun Selling did you?
No.
Says he hit the nail on the head it's the judiciary that these religious nuts are going after the next four years if they win in November.
Name right wing activists finities to the bench and change the laws forever.
See they're always talking about activist judges but that's liberal activist judges or moderate activist judges.
That's what they hate.
But the right wing activists judges those be good you know like Anten and Scalia crazy people.
Bush may be elased only four years but the law stay for generations.
God help us Ed and Carl Sprin.
Amen Ed.
About maybe 300 meters the other side of the mosque which you're looking at.
Now this appears to be the Iraqi insurgents answer to the fact that the US Army earlier today launched a citywide sweep of Baghdad.
That citywide sweep has been called Operation Iron Promise and its goal of course was to rid the city of the extremists who have been firing these weapons.
Oh this is so sad John Madden's leading with seven votes.
I didn't even know we put them on the pole which is fine I bet you Josh did that.
Yeah.
John Madden and Howard David have seven votes a piece.
Absolutely.
Holy cow.
Oh here he carry we got to put on there too.
Kate.
How do you spell it?
Kate.
No seriously C-A-R-A-Y.
Got it.
Harry Carey C-A-R-A-Y.
Got it.
L-Mikeles four male Allen three.
Jigs McDonald three.
Where's this vote taking place?
There's only 33 votes it just went up there but my goodness what is with you people huh?
Jake well I guess they feel sorry for you and how am I.
Where's I don't care about sports where's that?
You see that on there I don't see it.
Come on I don't care about sports that's got to be on there that'll win hands down.
It may not win but it'll be up there.
Thanks to Wayne and Sunrise and Richard and Boynton Beach and Rainen Boynton Beach and Amelette
Evans and Karen from West Palm.
We're closing in on New York State.
We're going to like I said pass them like they're in reverse.
Again the insurgents fired off their answer to this operation iron promise just a few
moments ago a major explosion just the other side of the mosque at which you're looking
now wolf.
We don't want wolf on there.
140 to go to catch New York 3574 signatures from New York State 3434 from Florida we're
making some serious progress today you know what?
Love it.
Oh and I look at that.
Look and you see are you looking at the names on there?
No.
Howard Stern from Fort Lauderdale.
Five six seven oh five sixty which inspires me by the way inspires me very strongly to
get to these a couple of articles in a minute.
W.A.C.
Wayam hello.
Hey I have a poll.
You have a poll?
Yeah.
Anyway.
No since I quit listening to when that was a finite statement.
Since I quit listening to Howard I guess I got to listen to Steve Kane now.
Yeah.
Are you rolling?
Are you rolling?
Are you rolling?
Wow.
Man oh man get some health pally before it's too late.
Somebody cue him.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes I am.
Hey how you doing today?
Pretty good.
I just wanted to call in on this clear channel complaining about all the bad words on the
radio fun everything else.
And they were going to clean it up and all that.
I don't know if anybody else has called in and told you but they have a big advertisement billboard
on 995 South down advertising a new radio station for them.
And I have to be careful when I tell you.
But it says fcuk.fm.
It must be a satellite video station or something and it's a clear channel down at the bottom of
us.
Well it's not lovely nice.
It's not that terrific.
They're all worried about the words on the radio.
They're cleaning it up big time right.
Clean up the right.
Thanks for the good news pal.
He sounded a little like Reverend Jones but it wasn't.
Tuesday March 16th of the New York Daily News yesterday a king of all creatures.
Says how it's turned stop your whining and shut up.
It hurts to say but after days of listening you're real about how bad you have it.
It's time for you to stop.
It's not fun.
It's not funny.
It's not entertaining and that's what you do best.
For the past two weeks you've railed against the religious right president Bush and FCC chairman Michael Powell for a climate
aimed at reducing questionable material on the air.
You've said you're being muzzled.
Early on you told folks you could be off the air by week's end.
On your website you've even depicted yourself as Christ.
Have some of the radio industry used you as an example?
Absolutely.
Clear channel pulled you off six stations and the FCC which find you in the past is likely to do so again.
However you've been here before.
Look around.
It's an election year every four years.
Politicians vow to clean up the media.
So now you're working with a 90 second delay.
Deal with it.
Clearly there's a potential freedom of speech issue here but be honest it's not like you were able to say
anything you wanted before.
Long time listeners have heard you squirm and stop when a guest beer's off in a one safe territory.
You already know free speech doesn't mean to freedom to say anything at any time, at least not in the public airways.
In fairness you've been a ground breaker in this area pushing creativity so much that you've spawned copycats.
You can take some credit for the reality craze.
You're an inspiration for any and all walks of entertainment.
Now with the FCC on your butt and infinity broadcasting boss Mel Carmesan asking everyone to take more care.
You're being pressured to tone it down.
And you can do it as you demonstrated while talking sex with catch warts and Sandra Taylor last week.
And Rachelle Hunter yesterday.
If something was cut out by twitchy fingered editors most listeners never notice whose Rachel Hunter.
Former Rod Stewart's wife thought a hot babe.
She's on video that they were showing every five minutes.
So you can't be quite so graphic.
No doubt it's discovering they have someone talking on the reins harder than the past.
But everyone in the world works with boundaries.
This newspaper has guidelines.
The guy working at the gas station has them too.
The problem here is that the definition of indecency is fuzzy at best.
Your life would be much easier if you knew exactly what could or couldn't be said on the air without raising the indecency flag.
But the FCC isn't that clear in those of the rules today.
That could change tomorrow.
Perhaps for the worse.
For now, stop talking about leaving.
That's the easy way out.
Your listeners expect you're invented.
This cleverness and different ways of looking at things.
That's where you're a master and they've come to demand it from you when times are tough.
Howard get back to being funny.
Otherwise, you're just Chris Matthews blabbering around about politics.
How do you like that?
Cute.
Cute.
Daily news.
Variety says, that's too long.
You don't have time.
But I guess if we did the break and played the spot then I would have time.
I am law.
This is sports when you're fighting.
You are.
You are.
And Miami.
Well, he went on TV and he talked to Tim Russell.
And he said,
I'm going to get into the race.
John Kerry is crying.
George, though, for you smiling around,
he keeps getting right up in their face.
Old Ralph later keeps on running.
Democratic party is really bumming again.
Old Ralph later keeps on running.
G.O.P. can see the victory coming.
Old Ralph later keeps on spoiling.
Democratic flood is going to keep on boiling again.
Yeah, he's going to spoil it all right.
He's going to make everyone Ralph later.
He's going to make everyone uptight.
Well, he can't get elected.
But the outcome's effective.
And Ralph later keeps on running.
Democratic party is really bumming again.
Old Ralph later keeps on running.
G.O.P. can see the victory coming.
But what did they explore?
They just blew that bag that hotel the pieces.
They're pulling bodies out of the rubble.
But I thought everything was a kosher now that we finally caught.
I thought they were going to walk amongst his heroes.
I thought everything.
And aren't they bringing this candy and flowers and stuff like that?
Yeah, they're bringing this candy.
They're bringing this candy.
They're bringing this candy.
They're bringing this candy.
They're bringing this candy.
They're bringing this candy.
They're bringing this candy.
They're bringing this candy.
They're bringing this candy.
They're bringing this candy from Joah 후� гр?
I'm led by Danelt and Moes Callie, and Morrison.
Am I doing a job in clean business?
such as Howard Stern and Bill O'Reilly increasingly segue from host to vain open
and making their particular platforms all about themselves.
Welcome to the IAM is in its about me, School of Broadcasting, where self-promotion risk-giving
way to narcissism.
What's more lately even some esteemed columnist appear to have taken the introductory
course?
Other graduates include Sean Hannity and John Stossel, the latter having joined the ranks
of multimedia threat with a book of me a break, whose subtitle notes how the 2020 co-anchor
became the Scwards of the Liberal Media.
Based on this foreigned a self-morteter man redemption, it could have easily been labeled
the Passion of Stossel.
Stern meanwhile is using the bully pulpit of his radio show to pout away the government's
effort to corral him, and important topics certainly, which never less feels whiny.
Last week Stern loved that he's tired of taking all of talking about this crap, which is
good news since even some diehard fans are not always tired of hearing it, or rather
how burdened their multi-millionaire blue collar hero suddenly is.
In that respect, Arali has more in common with Stern than he might here to admit, having
engaged in his own bleeding about the famous and smear merchants who criticize him beginning
with Al Franken.
Back in January the Fox News star put the question to his audience asking on his website whether
he should respond to personal attacks.
Such online polls are unscientific, but my guess is casual listeners would happily advise
him to give it a rest.
Granted it's hard to argue with success, and in each case the endless drum beating
for ancillary projects is paid off, yielding a series of bestsellers.
Stern plugs his e-show books in producing ventures via the radio, and the same way Arali
references his latest book roughly every seven seconds during his syndicated radio program,
which by the way nobody listens to.
Listiers don't seem to mind, but the breaking point must lie somewhere, for while tolerance
of the all-pitching and shilling is clearly high, how much personal gripping and on-air
therapy will those who tune in for a lesbian dilatate or to witness the pumbling of some
hapless folks per person willingly endure.
Remember too that there are these fabulously compensated guys playing the aggrieved party,
mostly I'd say because they truly believe it, though more cynical sorts might conclude
they're venting their woes serves a commercial purpose by intensifying their bivod loyal
listeners.
This trend by the way isn't confined to those such as Stern, Hannity, and Oralio
Hittie, radio TV publishing trifecta, even David Letterman, historically guarded about
his private life, has explored how strange it's been for him to become a father at 56,
a fertile source of humor that still be chosen unusual degree of introspection.
Then there's the New York Times, Frank Rich, who in his near obsessive coverage of the
passion of the Christ, has sounded almost giddy about director Mel Gibson's comment that
he'd like the columnist intestines on a stick.
Beyond proving that Gibson said something decidedly on Christian, it's hard to grasp the
point, unless Rich wants to remind everyone how much the star dislikes him to obscure how
much his tirades did to promote the film thanks to the time's agenda-setting power.
In Stern's defense, his life has always been a central element of the program, so
that investing the FCC, Bush administration and clear channel isn't a huge stretch if
that's what preoccupies him.
Still even for avid listeners, the all-right already threshold must be coming.
Similarly, Oralio's inability to shrug off the tractors exposes an unflattering glass
jaw that belies how tough and talented he's been to prosper against significant odds.
The 1980s were christened to me decade, but if our pop culture is any indication, the
talking head O.O's are providing a slightly warped rerun.
Think of it as a party where the host takes your coat, extends a brief pleasantry and
then says, thanks for coming.
Now can we get back to me?
That's perfect.
That's great.
Thanks for coming.
Now can we get back to me?
That's beautiful.
It's a lovely thing.
I'll tell you what's an amazing thing.
Take a look at that pole, Mo.
Absolutely.
Is that going to be a joke vote or what?
What do you think, Josh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Even Josh Cortes is, that's got to be a joke vote.
Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time?
Mo, Howard Davidid.
Absolutely.
24.
L. Michaels 15, John Madden 12, Mel Allen 11.
Harry Kerry 10, Red Barber 7.
I don't care about sports 7.
Rick Weaver 5.
Boobsham before one of those is George's.
Yes.
Fred Q.Sick 3, Jigs McDonald 3, Bob Prince 2, Joe Bowen 2, one of those is my favorite.
I'm not a fan of mine.
Dan Kelly 2, Mike Lang 1, Foster Hewitt 1, Joe Zagaki 1, and Bill Hewitt don't have any.
Shame on you people.
110.
What is wrong with South Florida?
Well, it's kind of isolated.
Like we've talked many times before.
I isolated it from like the real world.
It's a big part of the problem.
But at fire, still burning big time, they were in a bag dead.
Yeah.
How about that?
You are such a heartless bastard.
You know what?
We're dragging the bodies out of there.
Yeah.
It's tragic.
It's pathetic.
I mean, I want you to keep in mind, folks, all of these people are dying over there, all
these journalists and all these innocent bystanders and these get keys, they're like these missionaries
that died there.
They'd still be alive if it weren't for your president.
They'd still be alive.
They wouldn't have that funny piece of paper there that says interim constitution, but
they'd still be alive today.
And keep in mind also that Iraq wasn't a hotbed for terrorism before we decided before
last March.
No, no, this proves that the terrorists were there.
I see.
They're just waiting for a signal.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
One more to add to your list if you don't mind.
Jack Stewart.
Who is it?
Jackie Stewart.
Jackie Stewart from Iraq.
I know Jackie Stewart.
Oh, my God.
It's him letting me send the practice.
His body's all over the place.
That's fine.
Thanks, Valley.
Jackie Stewart.
Get that on there.
Josh right away.
He's a crazy person.
Oh, my God.
What are we going to do?
This car is in blood and my guts and bodies.
Which of course is why everybody goes to watch that stuff.
Those of you worrying about Joe and Mark, we're not getting any update on that.
I asked the clearance this morning finally when I finally decided to really speak to him.
How many responses he'd gotten?
He said about 20 voicemails, about 20 calls.
And quite frankly, that's not going to cut it weak.
Very weak.
I mean, especially considering we posted that thing on our website, we did everything
under the power, but kind of weak.
Back to that hotel destroyed.
Several are dead is what CNN's reporting.
Carbola trying to help them get a clean water supply.
They were targets.
The idea.
Oh, by the way, that's another thing.
Water.
They got water.
All of them.
Electricity.
No.
All of these things.
Now, a lot of people still without water and electric.
It's only, I mean, it's only a year later.
But they have freedom.
They got freedom, man.
They got that piece of paper.
They got the freedoms that used to have in the US supposedly.
Let's see what we got here.
35.
506.
This is shocking, man.
We are only 74 signatures behind New York.
We can do there 20 million people.
What?
Before the end of the show, we can do it.
Now, before 1 o'clock.
Yeah, you're right.
We're making that's what I want.
Just as an insurance policy, I want to pull away ahead of New York.
Then we were about California, Texas, and Arizona, and whatever else.
Now, they're going to.
That'll put us in the third spot.
So we can actually say, hey, look at this.
Florida finally did something.
Live and local.
They're kind of diverse.
Sports radio 560.
She went UAM.
UAM.
I know a poster of this school.
Still hangs in there.
No, it's no matter what.
I know you've been.
I hate them again.
I still got away.
I'm getting chicks wet.
I'm older than your dad.
So they're mostly old acts.
Well, that's it.
I had no.
Was it 72?
I could kill this.
I could kill this.
I could kill this.
I could kill this.
stalemate.
I can pinch my behind.
Brack them.
I just have to route when they ask if they can do.
Me, I see old eyes and old legs.
I still find my old tracks.
That's why I still do these concerts for you.
I'll be on the street without you.
Boy, she's sad to what?
1246 at 560 WQM or within 59 signatures on air.
We can do it.
I want to be able at the end of the show today to say...
We did it!
We did it!
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah.
Oh, and speaking of them, what about your lunatics, man?
Which lunatics do you talk to?
The Marlins organization?
What is the story?
Well, we don't want to go there and we don't like that orange bull thing.
And we don't like this.
And we don't like that.
Not good enough for us.
Dave County Commissioner has decided yesterday to give County Manager George Burgess
45 more days to negotiate a ballpark financing plan with the Marlins.
But insisted that the County not exceed a $73 million pledge toward the project.
Burgess told commissioners he thinks it's possible to come up with a deal by May 1.
He said the team is indicated that if a stadium is not feasible in downtown Miami,
a Northern-day location will provide adequate access for South Florida fans,
kind of like where they are right now.
May 1 is closed, but I don't think it's impossible to work out a solution to this, Burgess said it's very, very difficult.
If we can find willing participants, we may be able to construct an arrangement
that works for the state of the state.
But if we can find willing participants, we may be able to construct an arrangement that works for the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state
of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of
the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state
of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the execution of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of unconditional freedom, the state of the facts in the law
as many as three, all for concern us to the Supreme Court to kill Roe v. Wade.
Strategically he wants to pack the lower federal courts where the action really is.
The Supreme Court here is fewer than a hundred cases a year.
Federal appeals courts review and decide in a late 30,000.
How many?
For example, throwing a red meat to the right wing of this election year, W.
DeFy, the Senate's constitutional obligation to advise and consent on judicial nominations
and ran through a recess appointment of reactionary Alabama attorney general Bill prior to the
11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals eventually a likely nominee for the Supreme Court.
Here's how the alliance for justice summarizes prior's offensive agenda.
As attorney general, he won, helped to create a system whereby Republican attorneys general
would solicit contributions from the same corporations that were under investigation
were involved in pending enforcement actions.
Two, argued that states execution of mentally retarded inmates did not violate the U.S. Constitution,
a possession rejected by the Supreme Court which prohibited all states from executing the
mentally retarded.
Three, attempted to overturn a consent decree protecting abuse neglected Alabama children,
prior told reporters that he was not concerned about whether his actions protected the children
of Alabama.
Four, urged Congress to consider getting rid of a key provision of the Voting Rights Act
which protects the right to vote for African Americans.
Five, expressed extreme hostility to a woman's constitutional right to reproductive choice.
Six, challenged the constitutionality of provisions of the Violence Against Women Act.
Seven, argued that the Supreme Court should cut back on the protections of the AIDS Discrimination
and Employment Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act and
the Family and Medical Leave Act.
Eight, has been a vocal opponent of the rights of the accused and convicted, even vigorously
defending the practice of chaining unruly prisoners to hitching posts and denying the
maxes to water in the bathroom.
Nine, demonstrated a general actor respect for the Constitutional wall separating church
in state.
Ten, defended the religious display of the Ten Commandments in State Courthouses, and a
state-of-the-sponsorship of Christian prayers before jury assemblies.
Eleven, said that the challenge of this millennium will be to preserve the American experiment
by restoring its Christian perspective, and twelve, has taken a number of actions hostile
to the rights of gays and lesbians.
W has got hundreds of prior act lights or worse waiting to infiltrate our courts.
For their extremist agendas, go to indapenadjudiciary.com and pfaw.org.
And it's got the where you should go.
Americans should demand judges who are qualified, balanced, mainstream, not cooks.
Our founding fathers revolted against George III's tyranny.
It would never have tolerated George W's judicial push or having wanted this to, so they
bequeathed us a quiet, quadraneous way to judge him, use it November 2nd or suffer the
sentence W will impose on you for the rest of your life.
Thanks whoever sent us the facts on that.
Great article by Stephen Goldstein in The Hero.
I didn't know Geldie handed in him to you.
Yeah, I knew he had it in him.
So to speak, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, way, way, way beyond that line, man.
Repeating what you said, 50 million dollars collected from George right after the show,
Josh, pervert, 50 million small bills.
That's the look at the guy.
Your favorite sportscaster of all time now we're starting to build a little bit out of
204.
How come Bill, he would, I should have voted for Bill.
He would, it was tough between Joe Bonemble.
He would be in the leaf, then that I am too bad about last night.
They, they stunk.
Howard David 34 L Michaels 29 John Madden 25.
I don't care about sports.
You idiot 19, 9.3%.
We don't care.
We don't want to.
We don't want to.
Even George Wanda.
Well, I'm 18 Harry, Carrie 15, Rest in peace.
Rick Weaver 11.
How about Vince Scully?
Should we put him on there?
Who?
Come on, Josh.
I'm C-I-N-S-C-U-L-O-Y.
Vince Scully, don't know who that is, Josh.
No.
Oh, oh.
Rick Weaver 11, Jim Mandage 10.
We just put him on there in a mad dog.
Line up that list.
Oh, right.
Gonna be the mad dog in Moe Howard David, down to the wire.
Oh, right.
There they come.
Those to those.
Oh, right.
Red Harbor 7, boot, Shelby 7, Bob Prince 6, Fred Cusic 5,
James McDonald 4, Dan Kelly 4.
Oh, yeah, and Joe Bonemble 3.
Oh, yeah.
Man, oh, man.
Joe Zagaki 2, fostered here with two Mike Lang 1, Jackie Stewart 1.
Jeff Rivers got one and Bill Hewitt don't have any,
so Rimmer already voted.
See, if I wouldn't have put him on there, he probably would have voted for Bill Hewitt.
But he voted for himself.
And it had to be him, didn't it?
Uh-huh.
Sure.
I guess there goes your free meal, George.
And local, this is 4205 City.
Way to go, yeah.
Spatanoff, since he lives neither has one Natasha and I no longer have to look for Moe
Sin Square.
Instead, we listen to a near-roger's parent balance, one to two hour.
He-he-he.
Me, Sam Rock brings all the drinks to the bar, and they're like,
here's the UNR's, Magara.
They drink it so hard, and then they'll bend over and barth be Sam Rock brings all the
drugs to the pub, and they're like,
glub glub glub, down right, their kids are drunk, they could charge them,
but they got no jobs.
I know you want some, that Irish whiskey.
What lads go crazy for?
They scream and shout, and then head like out,
and the app gets encouragein,
OFF!
Vàваж tor-ㅘр-nd즈.
大家好у по ми кед
brings all the bets for the pub and they're like
good, good, good, good, good, downright
and they're getting so drunk I could charge them
I'll take up no jobs
101 and 56, the Happy Asset Patty's day too
I can't get on that thing can you
can you get on at stopfcc.com
Yeah, just there
Are you on it? Yeah
We beat New York at about one till one
We passed New York? Oh yeah man
We did it! We did it! We did it!
I did notice a couple of the names on that
list they were a little bit suspect
if it was my grip but that's okay
That's alright
So what do we got? Cause I can't get on it
It 3587 before I started refreshing it
No it's stuck
Can't get on that baby
3587 to 3584 as of
before it got stuck
Excellent! We did it!
Nice go David
Here's the facts
We left off a Howard Coastill
Big Arnie's very upset about that
and rightfully so Howard Coastill
Down go as Frasier
It was great, despite of what Dave Johnson says about him
and of course, despite of what most
is about Dave Johnson
Duke in Wellington says two obvious names missing
Bill Zimper, right? Of course
How can we leave off the Z-man
What the hell is wrong with us
Bill Zimper who always used to say
And once in a while would say
And no luck yet Jim
Now he's still locked in the closet
Down there Jim a man is still in the closet
People are still trapped inside the
burning rubble of the bag
that hotel I wouldn't be making no
reservations at any time soon
It says tell Norma can't to get up
off his ass and get you in Joe George Syndicator
Bill Zimper and Joe Angel
and Howard Coastill
Those are three to add to the list got it
Got it
I'm looking over here
I don't see what's going on here
Something strange on this list
Howard David
37, crank vote of the day
John Madden 32, L. Michaels 32
Mel Allen 21
Where's the mad dog
I don't know
What just happened to he disappear
off the list
Maybe he just moved up really quickly
and you can't find him
Oh there he is he's got 19
But I thought for a seconder he vanished from the face of the earth
He's on her he's moving up fast with 19
All right that's going mad dog he'll be along
It too the Humper from Vegas
It for this afternoon and then we got the Panther preview
It's a very big game although
The Islander win against Tampa last night
Unexpected but they beat him 3-1 right there in Tampa
Put some 9 points out of the Panthers
And of course they'd also have to hop over Buffalo
So the playoff shot is pretty
Grimm and Slim but they got a win tonight
Nevertheless and the jugs McDonald will be doing a game on TV with the
Nees Pac-Man what a match that is
And Jeff Rimmer and Red Deer Randy Mouler here on QAM
I guess that's the only way Rimmer could get on QAM right
I'll record
There you go
How about Dick Enberg thanks Alex and I said
That's a nice little choice Dick Enberg
Who quite frankly I'm a very very tired of
But Dick Enberg used to be great how many years ago
About 30 man
I just I don't know I just too much Dick Enberg already
You know I had a line I could use for that
A couple weeks ago by better not say it now
5-6705 60 pound 5-60 on the AT&T
And you know exactly what it was
And the reservoir of the slime don't say it
Don't think about it
Out too late
Look at that the blast the blast there in Baghdad
Left behind a huge crater
You know what the Baghdad hotel used to be
Right WQA
Welcome to the Hill
Yes sir I have one for you to live
All right
Kirk Audi
Kirk Audi good old Kirk
And you can never go to sunny hours here
And sunny hours two good choices
Thanks Pally
See ya
Kirk Audi in the late sunny hers
Kirk Audi remember when he was an IOD that day I keep bringing it up
Yeah he was an IOD he was on somebody's show and I met him
And he was you know
Actually I said something nice to him about how great he was
Or you know I liked his work which I lied
He was good he was good
Back in the day back in the old AFL day
Kirk Audi and Paul Christman remember that Josh?
Of course not
How many years before Josh was born was that
About 30 men
Goes with the days when the final scores in the AFL used to be like
Oakland 72 and Kansas City 59
Stuff like that
Back when men were men
When the league was really exciting
Bill he would kind of let's hear it
What is wrong with this crowd you know what the problem is
We got too many people who have been stuck
In South Florida all their lives
They don't know from nothing
On the face off Vladimir Carol
The bell attack
Longer these people
They would know Fred Qsick from Fred the Alan
That was for you a boker Brian Fred Alan
See there's some benefit of being old
Not too much though
WQA and hello
Payneal this is Pat from Indiana I got a suggestion for your poll
Yes Pat
Probably the worst boy ever to grace the airways
Dick Vitale baby
Dick Vitale and you know who else speaking a bad voice
Johnny most from the Celtics right
We was wrong
Thanks a lot Pat
Hey and one other incredibly awful
Ford to capture you can't forget Frank Difford
Frank no but we're not your favorite sports
Guesters the poll question
Oh well they're so bad they're good
Okay thanks
See you
Dick Vitale, Johnny most
Johnny most was great I don't care what most is
He always jealous because most mo did the Celtics for how many of days
About third man
How come Mo keeps hopping around like that all the time
You know I've been Miami 28 years
Most have been bounced around this place
To that play the Jets the Celtics the Bucks
The Heard
Is a rambling man
Is that what it is? Sure he's born a rambling man
He ought to be driving an old Nash ramblers matter fact
He will be one of these days
Who was your favorite sportscaster of all time?
Mo Howard David baby they can't touch him he's got 38
Absolutely
John Madden 35 Jim Maddog is going to pass him
Like he is laying down with that muskrat rolling around on his ass
You know what I mean?
What do you mean? I mean he's going to pass him like he's
Don't even exist you know I'm looking at the Mandage drop-ins here and most of them
I can't even play anymore
Wow can't play that one
Can't play that one how about
I'm son of a bitch I can still play that one
I think as if today
I wish I could get on that thing so I could actually see it for myself you know what?
That's not fcc.com and just because we passed New York don't slack off now okay
Here's a stuck yeah
Yeah, I'm too well that's a good sign that means that our people are like going nuts on there
That's beautiful. That's a beautiful thing
Line nine is going crazy they QA him hello
Neil how are you today pretty good sir
I called in yesterday with the stop fcc.com
Oh you're the guy to call thank you profusely for all the time
I thank you I mean if you look at the activity for that website it's it's grown incredibly since you've been on the air talking about it
Right and the thing we need to do you hear I did you hear Scott calling me here
I did hear this morning that was great
It was fantastic but we need to get more people because it looks like in Texas California and Florida
It looks like it's being promoted on the radio but how do I get it into Illinois and you know and give that howardine
Wow
I'm thinking we need to get like an ad in USA today something like that maybe New York Times
So I'm thinking of some ways because we got plenty of time at least another week before we all get taken off here
And we need to get some cash raise and put ad like in USA today so how do we do that huh how do we do that oh it's not hard
Okay
I appreciate Joseph Gackie's name was on there right before froze up I guess too many people are hitting the website now
That must be it they're all voting for Joe
Thanks pali
Alright thank you
Appreciate it
Alright thank you
That's a good guy that called into alert us to I can't get out of this thing for lover money can you
Nope
Stop the Fc stop Fcc.com can't get near it
Can't come enough can't come close well that's a very good sign one of these days we'll see the totals again
People will have 80 million votes on there by the time we got on you think
No winner
Or maybe 80
WQA and hello
Yeah go for your poll
Yes sir
Yeah check her in the LA lake there are now for check her in the lake great he was fabulous thanks pali
He was awesome
He was great
Yeah it's funny you say that people some how far they have no good what's now for I smell it myself
Right
And it's really funny so we have to turn you got to be solid Bob Miller
Those are LA guys over there
We don't say Bob Miller
Oh you were doing pretty good to you guys for that thanks pali got a be in your bonnet and something in your phone
You hear that
Yeah it sounded like a the dance of the bumblebee's there was something
5670560 pound 560 you got chick or her and you got that H.E.A.R.N.
Got it
He's still dead Josh he was great
He was outstanding
Did the Laker games for how many years?
530 man
I think more like about 100 would be the I still can't get on this thing and I'm starting to get nervous aren't you?
I can't do it
Can't do it
Well if we can't do it who can
You know what I'm saying if we can't get on there who the hell can get on?
I don't know
See I don't understand the handyman the handyman can
I'm a chigno maybe Sammy Davis can hop on it
Maybe you could take a peek at it with that one eye
Oh Jim Man it's just moved in the first place
Look at that he's only been I see we were just toying with you mo you can't touch the mad dog and believe me he'd be pretty pissed if you tried
Mad dog 41 Howard David at 39 L. Michaels 35 John Madden 35 everybody else is way in the behind
Look at that 11 past one at 560 WQM the mad dog will come along of course we got till tomorrow morning at 10 so a lot of things can change by then
You think they will?
No no I'll pull away
Hey, if you're in a dead end job like radio if you're underpaid and overworked how you're like a new high-paying career
But maybe and probably you don't have a lot of cash waiting around and four years to waste on college to get yourself the training you need
If this sounds like you then what you ought to do is make that one simple call that we've been begging you to make for a long time now
Call fast train toll-free at 1-866 fast train because these folks can have you trained and certified for an honest agonist
Real high-paying computer network professional career in as little as four short months
Count them if you can you can be fully trained already for a brand new career by July fast train offers day evening and weekend classes to fit around your schedule
Fast train offers job placement assistance financial aid for people to qualify and fast trains got seven convenient locations to serve you
So instead of sitting around on your ass complaining about your crappy job and your menial paycheck do something outstanding that can change your life in a really positive way
Get some training a real career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it call fast train today and in just four short months you can be on your way to a great high-paying career
Check them out on the web fast train dot com and then make that call today don't delay call one 866 fast train
My and local this is 4.560
The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from blackpuster entertainment
Jim Mandage sings duet
All right
Here the mad dog
Jim Mandage sings
classic rock
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All ripe
All right
All
All right
All right
At first Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
You and it gonna horror him.
But now he says, I like it.
I will like it.
The mad dog just can't piss him up with that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants to be the same God bless America and paste these in the G-String up here, I'll do it.
You got snow!
And everybody knows that it's alright!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
You mad it!
Things do it!
Available now at All Blocks us this story.
One 17 a mad dog into first place, favorite sportscaster all time.
55 Mohawar David had 40.
John Madden 37, L. Michaels 37.
I don't care about sports 29.
Mal Allen 25.
Nobody else has got 20 yet.
A powerful explosion apparently from a car bomb went off in the carada district of Central Baghdad,
virtually destroying the Mont Leventon Hotel and damaging a number of houses and offices nearby.
Iraqi police sources said there were many dead, many injured.
A coalition military official said he believed the blast was caused by a car bomb.
It's a scene from a hell here, seen in Baghdad bureau chief Jane Erath said,
people are crying and screaming and they breathe everywhere.
The powerful blast left a deep crater about the width of the street and sent shadow glass flying for several blocks.
Bicepanders are working frantically to pull victims from the rubble, digging with their bare hands as fires rage in the background.
Still going on.
Wow.
I thought everything was copacetic.
Yes.
Ivan says his favorite sportscaster it's Keith Jackson!
And why not?
Keith Jackson has been doing colors football for about 100 years.
Keith Jackson belongs on the list, right?
Get him on there right away.
Keith Jackson.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
You forgot about Marv Albert and his fishnet can push up.
Right.
All right.
Thank you sir.
Oh, Neil.
I went to the move on.org website.
I was looking at an article.
There he goes.
See what you got to say.
No, I guess the FCC took you away.
I can't get on this website and I'm sorry to get really concerned about that.
Right.
Me either.
You think like it's overloaded?
Let's hope that's why.
What do you mean by that?
You know.
You're not suggesting that somebody like took it down.
Uh oh.
If there's anybody out there who's hopped on it.
Well if anybody can do it Eric can do it right?
Okay.
I don't know what gives.
I'm clicking on the banner.
I'm clicking on the thing.
I just can't get anywhere near it.
I can't get 100 years.
I think that's probably a really good sign.
Maybe somebody on some station in New York.
You know where they actually have some people.
Maybe somebody who made the open up a month there.
You think?
Okay.
And like, uh, which is fine.
You know, for fun we can have the contest between the states.
But it's just the idea of accumulating a zid in signatures on there.
Which is the important thing.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
What's up man?
Uh, I think, uh, did you guys have a Harry carry on the list?
Yes we do.
Harry's got the 19.
All right, all right.
I'm sorry man.
Uh, I wanted to call about a show you had a couple days back about the, uh,
the slain words, the words that, uh,
rumors pronounced or whatever.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I have a couple words that I hear all the time that are kind of like,
well first of all in the Oscars, I remember that movie Pirates of the Caribbean.
People are kept on saying Caribbean or Caribbean.
Right.
How do you say it?
Uh, down there.
Yeah.
Another one is a coupon or coupon?
Oh, I hate people to say coupon.
I can't say.
Yeah, I can't thank coupon.
And another one is sandwich or sandwich.
Sandwich?
Yeah, people say sandwich.
Yeah, I tell you what that one does on the list.
All right, Neil.
Good to hear you, Sally.
See you in the Caribbean.
Oh, now this, this facts here.
You don't believe this.
The FCC is shut down stuff.
FCC.com of course not because they can't do that.
The FCC can't do that.
I mean, not yet.
And then at the bottom of the facts it says,
be afraid.
Be very afraid.
Okay.
Here's David Mimes.
I feel a religious vote is behind the FCC's censorship.
For some reason you can still say God damn it.
And that seems like it's going to be the one word the Bible
thumbers would not want you to say.
Have hope.
Smoke dope.
So David and my jammy.
Nice going David.
Sure.
Some of us five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 anybody
get on there yet?
On stop FCC.com?
No.
I got on CNN.
No right away.
The only problem is I just got off CNN.
I don't want on there anymore.
I saw all this stuff.
There's certain rescue personnel there on the scene.
We see the military trying to form some kind of perimeter
around the scene.
It's a must again very very very fluid situation.
A situation very dangerous, especially with possibility of
secondary explosions.
But you do the best you can.
And then as you move in you can't get on it.
WQM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Were you fudge packing?
WQM.
Hello.
How are you Neil?
How are you doing buddy?
Okay.
Hey, you got Howard Cosell on there?
Yes David.
We just put him on there.
We almost forgot somebody.
A big Arnie reminded us.
Okay.
You know one other thing about the FCC Neil that I read an article
that the FBI is wanting to get tapped to the Internet so they can see
everything that everyone's doing.
Right.
So it won't be long.
The FBI will be on every the poll.
Every Internet page.
And probably he's already shut that one down.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
Have a good day, Paul.
Thank you.
Back to you.
Yeah.
They haven't shut nothing down.
It's just I'm sure it's just on overload, right?
Yeah, I'm sure that's it.
Maybe he just doesn't have the bandwidth handle all the traffic.
Is that possible?
That is possible.
And then what happens then?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
I just went to freesturn.com.
I'm not having any problem getting on that one right off the bat.
Yeah, they know traffic on that.
No.
None.
Now let me click to the bottom here where he's got the link to stop FCC.com.
I'm clicking on it.
And you know what's happening?
What?
Nothing.
Ah!
No, it just farted.
Oh.
All of a sudden Howard's picture popped up on here.
And I just went back to that thing and there ain't nothing happening.
So they haven't only got some kind of a problem or who knows what?
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I try to get the whole nil for the poll.
Speaking.
Oh, nil, how are you doing?
Yeah, I was looking at it.
How about all race got?
Race got the old Minnesota Viking guy.
And a reed made a packer, wasn't he?
Yeah, he did Vikings for a while, but then he did the green-bake packers.
Probably best known for the packers, right?
Yeah, that's a voice, huh?
Yeah, he had a great voice.
He also had a...
Well, they have a blue trolley.
Yeah, while the junctures, I don't know who that guy was.
They never heard about it.
I know.
I'm an old fart like you.
Thanks, Pelley.
560, 7.05, 60, 560 on the AT&T.
Working on?
It's working on it.
Oh, 35.97 to 35.84.
So in other words, you just got on there.
So I ought to be able to get on there.
Yeah, I do.
If I can break through, huh?
But it's slow.
Now, we'll say that number again.
We have one.
35.97.
For Florida, right?
35.85.
For New York.
Right.
Oh, so we got a real battle going on here.
Maybe that's why.
Maybe somebody on here in New York is like...
Well, New York have, huh?
Well, good.
No, not really, though.
Because New York had 35.72.
Well, then they're not doing much.
They've only had 12 since the last time I wrote it down.
It's just us that are like zooming up there.
Because we had 29.98, so two.
And we've had almost 600 today just in 3.5 hours.
I can't get you to there.
So you're more persistent than I am or lucky.
It's probably like I said, more lucky.
WQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Harry Clark, he's got the gun.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I talk hockey with you.
Briefly.
All right.
What do you think?
Or the least going to win this share of war?
No, of course not.
Are you kidding me?
Well, she's going to win it.
Maybe the flyers, maybe Ottawa, maybe Boston, maybe Detroit, maybe Colorado.
The Leafs are not going to win it.
You sound delusional like some of the people here, man.
All right.
Go ahead.
With that backup cold-tending, with Trevor Kid?
Yeah, I don't know.
All right.
Good.
Okay, go Leafs go.
Leafs are going to be hoping for the best.
Are Leafs going to win it?
No.
Of course not.
I never believed all season long.
Look at this.
The White House says we will meet this test and we're giving prayers to the families in the victim.
Look at that.
And there's Scott Schmettrick McClellan on the one side.
And on the other side of the split screen on CNN is the devastation and the fires and the blood and the guts in the bag.
Get more than just a nerdy mic.
What do you think I didn't have to say about what kind of nerdy mic you think and what are we standing on?
I'm sorry, who said no, let's hear it.
Don't know why.
Yeah, maybe we may have been moving about.
Yeah, right.
Even porky pig speaks better than he does.
Bring back every fly.
You release the head of ballspot.
26 after one at five, 60 WQM.
It's a sad, a tragedy and bag dead.
A lot of people are dead today.
And a lot of people are dead in the last year plus because we have a bunch of right wing lunatics who have seized control and a bubbly school.
That's what it's all about.
Forget about the cool and Haiti.
We got the cool right in the US of A.
And the media is talking about Martha Stewart and should she go to jail or not?
The media is busy talking kaka about J.L.O.'s ass stuff like that.
Right.
Poope, don't say it.
Or not.
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players to Pomapano Park racing and card room has just a gambling action that you're all looking for.
Just a half mile from both I and 95 in the turn.
Pike Pomapano Park is a cinch to get to.
And best of all, Pomapano Park offers you free admission and free general parking every day.
Don't forget simulcasting every day, seven days a week.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday like tonight.
Poker starts at noon.
It's underway right now and goes on till midnight.
And live racing gets underway with the first post time at 7.05 in the PM.
Then this Friday there'll be free drawings to get into the money machine and grab it $1,000 in cash and betting vouchers or maybe when a raffle ticket for a 2004 Porsche Boxer.
A Boxer, am I saying that right?
Boxer.
A Boxer?
I never had one of them.
I have a golden retriever in a minpin.
A 2004 Porsche Boxer plus swing dancing demonstrations at the track.
Then Saturday mark this on your calendar and on your wrist.
This Saturday the most unbelievable fireworks Duncho on Earth takes place with the amazing Australian dear devil.
Vincent Silvestro and his horse hand me silver, performing their hot to trot fireworks show is the zip around the track.
It's an amazing thing to see Showtime 9 PM.
This Saturday you don't want to miss it. Take the whole family bring everybody.
Pomapano Park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current race schedule called 9.5.4.972.2000 or go on web at pomapopark.com.
Don't forget post time two nights 7.05 at Pomapano Park.
5.00 local this is 5.00 city.
Where you go your.
QAM.
Phone conversation I talked to Peter North here today.
He tells me your real name is Neal down and he's still a interested FCC commissioner and Zara Dicity.
Michael Powell.
The following are the new guidelines imposed by the FCC.
Number one, we must avoid excessive intellectual demands in our public.
The more modest it's intellectual ballast, the more exclusively it takes into consideration the emotions of the masses.
Plus the more effective it will be.
Number two, the intellectual level must be adjusted to the most limited intelligence among those addressed.
Consequently the greater the mass it is intended to reach, the lower the purely intellectual level it will have to be.
But if, as in propaganda for sticking out of war, the aim is to influence a whole people.
We must avoid excessive intellectual demands in our public.
Then finally the receptivity of the masses is very limited.
The intelligence is small.
Their power of forgetting is enormous.
In consequence of these facts the message must be limited to a few points and must be heart-flopped until the last member of the public understands what you want him to understand by your slogan.
Thank you.
This was a warning by the fascist Christian council.
I love that.
132 at 5.60 W.A.K.A.M.
We will face this. We will meet the child. What does that mean?
That they are battling from the White House.
We will meet this challenge. I have no idea what that means.
How about the hammer somebody says that is our friend Jean?
Well I wasn't going to put him on there because this is basically for people to do play by playing color and stuff like that on games.
But the heck you used to do the color on the dolphin game. Remember 100 years ago?
That's like you.
Oh!
Henry Goldberg and Henry Barrow and people like that. Rick Weaver.
How's Rick Weaver doing on the pool?
Boy how the times have changed. You know what?
Yeah.
Where's all the Rick Weaver people?
Jim Manage 80.
Oh my god. There's nobody can touch the mad dog.
You're on fire mad dog. You're flaming.
L. Michaels 40 more Howard David and 40 is most starting to fade a little bit.
John Madden 39. I don't care about sports 35.8.1%.
Mel Allen 26. Harry Curie 25. Howard Coast sell 24.
Moving up nicely. Up the ladder. Down goes Frazier.
Rick Weaver 18.
Move Sean B 11. Red Barbara 11. Bob Prince 10.
Everybody else in single digits. All those inferes moving up nicely.
He's got seven.
Who's I asked about Rick Weaver 18? Oh come on.
Come on. That's because he's dead.
Cut him some slack.
Now here's the fact that says Detroit baseball.
George Kale Ernie Harwell. Well let's put them on here.
Got it. George Kale and Ernie Harwell separate.
Most annoying. It says to be fan. Huh?
They're not the same guy.
Well I mean the guy listed them together and with Josh there you never know what he's going to do.
He's a little. He's a little.
He's a little scheme. Most annoying would be Van Patrick.
I think Van Patrick should be on there for the best. Van Patrick I thought was damn good.
But it says he could never spot the football. He would say he's down on the 17 but let's call it the 23.
Well that's an eye unit pick. He just didn't see too good.
And because of that big puppet in a way. He had a big stomach.
How about Dizzy Dean Bob and Fort Lauderdale says abs.
Absolutely. Dizzy Dean who's slud in the third illiterate. Dizzy Dean they love them.
Let's say University of Michigan Bob Eufer.
Bob Eufer at UFOR. UFOR.
Eufer the Eufer. Little friends.
And Tiger Ernie Harwell says somebody here says Detroit rocks.
Oh well man oh man you must be getting some of that good stuff in a big city in a motor city.
Detroit is a it's something.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we got people listening all over the country now.
Something's going on here you know what you can smell it.
WQA him hello.
Yes sir.
What a poll is that somehow honor nobody should be.
Yeah I think so.
What it was good in his day before he became senile he was outstanding.
I love that somehow. No you're right he's guessing.
I'd like to make a humble request as possible.
Can you just buy a Bob print clip maybe since he's on the poll or something like that.
Bob print is the fact.
I love Bob print's best baseball announcer ever but I don't.
What is the reason I when I was a kid I mean I always say I was listening to baseball games on a radio.
What is that thing under we have it in here somewhere George what is that under?
Give me a hit.
Bob prints it was a oh come on.
No more take it away.
No no but we got I'll find it for you.
Thank you.
Thanks very much.
You too.
Bob prints or maybe you have it on a card back there.
I'll take your word for it.
In other words you're not going to look for it.
No I'm looking I'm looking I just don't know what to look for.
Look for Bob prints.
Well that's what I'm looking for.
Can you spell that like Tuesday is Prince spaghetti day?
Bob prints Pittsburgh pirates.
I know I got it in here somewhere but what that would be under.
It would be under like baseball under the baseball fever.
What?
Sounder baseball fever.
Sounder baseball anything.
Well you'll find it.
George is going to find that card otherwise he won't be back for a while.
5 6 7 0 5 6 I know it's in here.
That's what really bothers me a lot.
It's in this DCS somewhere in the middle of these 85,000 bits and it's actually one of the few that we can still play.
How do you like that?
It's where Richie Havener hits the home run against the Giants as I recall.
WDQA and hello.
5 6 8 0 yes sir.
Yeah and the O'rodders play it.
Speaking.
Hey Neill is Bob prints the guy that used to say it down the stretch they come you know that really big booming voice.
Down the stretch they come and that's Dave Johnson.
Oh that was Dave Johnson.
Bob prints the pirate schemes.
Okay.
Thank you Neill.
You're welcome and have a great day. See they're learning again education Dave Johnson
one of the great race callers of all time he along with Tom Durkin
Durkin and the Gurkin two greatest of all time now let's see May 5th
Dave what's the date this year for the Kentucky Derby?
scored tag three three in the bottom of the 17 one ball and one strike
Cooms in a blind up in the one one pitch
one
David deep to right field you can kiss and goodbye
Oh baby did he get that baby out of sight he created it
That's not the one I was thinking of but that's pretty good to me. It was great
He was sensational and I hate to break the news to you
All his own phrases to chicken on the hill with will and a bug on the rug and all these other thing
He was fantastic just like Mike Lang who I'm always taking a few shots at this morning because more wouldn't know a hockey
truck if it's still it's his weasel you idiot
Just see in order to suck up to jugs McDonald's got to rip other people that he doesn't know appreciate
Which just really frost my ass
So I was so we had a little clip there a little something
I know we have a Mike Lang in here to somewhere, but I can't find it now. Why is that I can't find anything
Kind of like to ever kid anyway
I'm trying to get on the stop FCC coming I'm having a bit of a time. I'll tell you that but the good news is nobody is yanked
Off it or yet and we're getting a ton of vote of signatures and that's what it's all about
36 54
How come you keep getting on here and I can't I don't know I'm lucky I'm blessed 36 54 in New York has got one 35 85
We all about it I tell you
Pass them like they were in a in a lifelong coma in New York
I mean what is that I just stayed with 20 million people would turn on the year there in New York we did it say it again
We did it David you idiot and by the way you're not getting that stadium
Splash in the sedan get all in Marlon people all whipped up who are like near Rogers stood in the way the stadium right right if George
We just write him out of check they could handle it yeah yeah just write him out of check I didn't say it has to cash I got this
Any good here right to check out for like about 50 million
You can put the roof on a nice new stadium there little might oppose data check to the oh my god
How could we have forgotten my buddy Jack Buck I see my buddy because he was the first baseball announcer
I think I ever heard doing the Rochester Red Wings Jack Buck before Tom Decker Jack Buck you got it
You got it and what about Joe Buck and now at least that's something that Josh knows who it is but he's not very good
Why do you say that I don't like him I don't think he's all that bad he ain't no daddy he ain't no jack Buck
Put Joe Buck on there quit screwing around all right it says nearly remember Jack and Harry used to be the voice of the Cardinals before Harry started messing around with Mrs. Bush
And the Cardinals can't his ass that's correct which is why he went to the West Coast to open that he went to White Sox and then he went to the Cubs
Good old Harry even George remembers those great days in Chicago or that one great day that won that 23 hours in Chicago before they sent him back because they were too cheap to pay from the state
Everybody else did right including me 20 till 2 at 560 the highly beloved Jim Mandage oh my god we are honored to be in his presence you know it all right all right all right he is winning this pull by so hands down your pants I mean 89 votes and John Madden 41 L
Michael's 40 and Moe is slipping through the list absolutely is slip and bad like his musk register to slide down the side of his forehead
It's the life mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are positively incredible you pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points
Get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate is just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan you pay just 3.34 a month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only six sixty eight a month and don't forget once you be financial you get a new home mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay closing costs again
Call them today one eight six six three nine five lend that's one eight six six three nine five LED they're in equal housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR
APR.
We're sports radio 5.60.
You AM.
Mary Catherine.
Jesus.
Oh.
Sister Jean the dad's wishy.
Sweet and none with happy feet.
Jump the dial and through the feet.
Sister Jean the dad's wishy.
Sister Jean is vacuity.
Daddy cat's a doctor.
Pull her down the way to lead she can shake that tasty meat.
She's quite a side of life and might look like a real cool dancing pool.
Look at her go swing and high and low with the boy can bother old.
Sister Jean the dad's wishy.
And she ain't heard only things.
She'll knock you off your feet when you hear her well and sing.
I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit when the music turned me on.
I know it sounds happy but I'm so not happy that you didn't say it's gone.
Sister Jean the swing and none a shaken fountain ton of fun.
Daddy cat's a bad 4.85.
Then that blood can really fly.
Sister Jean the dad's wishy.
She's 13 the dad's wishy.
She's 13 the dad's wishy.
She's 13 the dad's wishy.
She's 13 the dad's wishy.
She's 13 the dad's wishy.
She's 13 the dad's wishy.
She's 13 the dad's wishy.
She's 13 the dad's wishy.
She's 13 the dad's wishy.
No one should talk to me that way.
How are you talking to me that way?
How can you talk to me that way?
I work here.
I think I'm in here to be mistreated.
I'll talk a bunch for you.
That's why I came in a lot today.
That's why I come in.
I'll let you know.
That's why I come in here.
I don't want to go to lunch.
I don't want to go to lunch, George.
Where does he get off?
Talk that way to a working man.
But will you take it outside?
We have people trying to do business.
That's what I came in here for.
That's what I'm trying to do.
I mean, I mean to stop with that.
I mean to stop with that.
I mean to stop with that.
That's not right.
Huh.
That's left.
As long as I...
Will you get out of here?
Will you get out of here?
Will you?
I'm trying to run an office here.
Now, will you go to lunch?
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
Oh, oh, oh.
That...
I got to watch it again this weekend.
I've watched it three times already.
But Glendary Glen Ross is so great.
Especially if you've ever been around a bunch of sales holes.
And if you ever were a sales hole, you'll love it.
Or if you've ever had to go to work.
Or something like that.
Right.
Who was your favorite sportscaster of all time?
Did we put Hank on there?
I hope.
I don't see him on or I see Hank Goldberg.
See Josh is a great guy.
We're going a little bit too fast for Josh.
He's just got a tiny brain.
It's kind of like a little...
Like I said, he's on there.
Is he?
Yeah.
Where is he?
Refresh.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Refresh my ass.
There's a few highlights for me to do that.
Come on.
With little Kashmir bouquet.
I think Tux has that.
Yeah, he's on there.
He just...
Bob you, if we don't have any, Hank just went on.
Chuck Hurr and don't have any.
Chuck Hurr doesn't have any votes.
Oh, I got to speak of the Chuck.
I said Chuck Hurr and Chikur and...
What about Chuck Thompson?
Great.
Great baseball broadcaster.
You got him?
How much he just went on there?
Got him.
Grace Scott don't have any George Keldon,
have any Pat Summaryl doesn't have any.
This is ridiculous.
Ernie Harbaugh, one bill he would one,
Dick Vitale, one Joe Buck one,
Mike Lang one, Barbara Albert two,
Sonny Hershtow, Jack Buck two,
Jeff Rimmer's got two, oh, Ferrell voted.
Joe Bullin three,
Foster Hewitt four,
Joangel four, Jackie Stewart four,
oh my god, it's a bunch of blood and guts
that they're all over the track, it's terrible.
Joseph Gackie four,
Jigs McDowell five, Dan Kelly six,
whose son John Kelly is an embarrassment,
not only the family, but the human race.
Bill Zimper is seven, Kurt Gaudi,
Kurt with a C, by the way, Kurt.
Josh Kurt, whatever your name is.
Kurt Gaudi with a C, not a K,
shame on you.
Keith Jackson's got eight, Fred Cusik eight,
man, he was great, Fred Cusik.
I think we got, but the problem though,
we got a bad cut.
You know what I mean?
I think we got a Fred Cusik in the thing here,
but it's not a good one.
And there's nothing worse than plants of that really,
maybe it's not in here.
Bob Cole, there's Jeff Rimmer,
Billy Lindsay, I'm not playing that.
Oh, no chance.
Do you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
No chance.
What's this?
16 seconds, there's Smith.
Sixth attack into the lead zone.
And goes to the fire wing.
Two almonds.
Alman is checked by Jeff Rimmer.
He's in second.
He's in second.
How do you like that?
Don't sound like Jeff Rimmer to me though.
Anyway, that's what we got so far.
Did I go, let's go up to the top and quit dealing around.
Okay.
Jim Manditz 93.
He is the king, the queen, the prince,
and the princess of sportscasting.
I don't care about sports 44, 9%.
John Madden 43.
Howard David at 41.
Al Michaels 40.
Quite a battle between those two old buds there.
Howard and Mo and the L.
Harry Carey 28.
Mel Allen 27.
Howard Cosell 26.
He's moving up.
Rick Weaver 19.
Red Barbara 13.
Move Shamby to booster 11.
Bob Prince 10,
which I think had helped a little bit that we played that Bob Prince clip.
Even though you're not too happy about chasing around to find it.
Oh, it's easy.
Was it good?
Probably said Bob Prince on it.
Yeah, exactly.
What a concept.
You're having a QAM.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I came in a little late.
I don't know if people put on that list.
Red Barbara?
He's on there.
In fact, the red head's got, let me look again.
Let me take a peek.
He's on here.
He's like, I have a well and I can't access some of your stuff.
He's got 13 votes.
He's still dead too, by the way.
I know.
And what about Vince Scully just signed for three more years?
In three more years, he's going to be 90.
I know.
He's looking at I am.
I am.
Holy moly.
Holy cow.
Vince Scully just signed for three more years.
He's got to be close to 80, right?
What are these?
It's like a Bob Archer syndrome all over again.
Well, they want all people.
That's unbelievable.
I don't know.
I think he's a pretty good announce.
I enjoyed him when I was an old dodger fan going back.
It's got a little a little whiny and twirpy to me.
You know, but, you know, if you like him more probably.
Yeah, I'll put him on there.
Yeah, OK.
Have a good day.
He's on there.
Thanks.
He's got nine votes.
Now, what about?
It might not be as bad as everyone said.
Poor Harry.
I was, sooner or for good, Harry should have a million votes.
He was, he was so fantastic.
He was fabulous.
See, when an announcer can make you a fan.
That's when you know he's got to be great.
See what I'm saying?
When somebody can take and make you like, make me into a
a coves fan.
What did I care about the coves?
Harry Carey made me a Cubs fan. Bill Hewitt made me a hockey fan. Greg Reed made me very sorry.
He made me very sad except twice a month on payday and the checks are still clear in.
152 at 560 QAM.
WQA.
No hand. There's no need to feel down or have no feet. You can touch the ground a new eyeball.
So put your glass eyeball down. There's a place you can be. Happy flatters.
There's a special today for some fingers. It's double coupon day if you're buying.
Less than ten parts you'll find you can use their new express line.
They sell the body parts at UC LA. They sell the body parts at UC LA.
They have everything from a bunch of you and job. All you need is your own shop.
You get your body parts at UC LA. All sorts of fighting parts at UC LA.
You can get a new heart, even ain't on the part. You can put it on your credit card.
A thousand points for Alex Andrew McElwamy and Alex Pagan.
Holy Mekanaugh is right. Anyway, I got this monitor. I thought for a second I was like half
off the air. I just turned it down a little bit because it was getting all dressed up down
for going out for lunch. Well, that's made day and I don't want to keep her waiting out there.
You know what I'm saying? Plus, I got to go get the aboka brine. This showed up in the middle of
the show today. Just a little after the show started. Now I could have said you,
all the boka brine this gives down. Let me go get it, but I didn't do that. Right, we could
play some tunes. No, because then we got something to look forward to tomorrow. Some great new
historical stuff. As Joey Reynolds would say, some fresh new comedy. And of course, he kept promising it,
but never delivered. Kind of like the mailman who cropped about two miles up the street. He promised,
but they never delivered. Same thing. I just go enjoy you idiot. Let's see, who is your favorite
sportscaster of all time? And of course, what how else is it possible that on the heels of
an ounce in his results that the winner is going to be on the next two hours? Is that amazing or what?
That's right. That is shocking. Your favorite sportscaster all time, old number 88,
Jim from Solano, Ohio, the mad dog man, it's 101. Nobody's close 103.
I don't care about sports. Well, the way it goes 52. John Madden, 45. Moe Howard, David,
had 43. He's hanging on for dear life. Al Michaels, 41. Howard, Cosell, 32. Harry Carey,
starting to move it up there now. 31. Male Allen's got 30 men. Rick Weaver, 19. Red barber, 13.
He old redhead, Walter Red barber. Luke Shambie's got 11, one of those is George's. Bob Prince,
10 and the anxious and terminally boring Vince Cully, 10. Fred Kusik, 9. Kirk Gaudi, 9.
Bill Zimper's got 8. Keith Jackson, 8 and the downless to Gose. Bill Zimper, 8. Hover,
Jim Maddog is just just gritting his teeth thinking about that. We did it! Bye, bye, bye!
