tiny
Licht i
zo
We are sports when you're my
El Anche Cristo
With a big head
Oh, sorry Joe
Solid, rock solid, rock solid
Rock solid
What is it?
The USA caught me in my spider hole
Now they told me over to a rocky control
But if the Americans don't keep me safe
Ready is under gonna be one more grave in Iraq
Yeah, here in Iraq
As soon as they put me in the dark
I will crawl in the jailhouse in Iraq
My people can hardly wait to make me pay
Just like they did with the day in Tuesday
Only one way to try and hover my foes
How Johnny Cagran or Mark Gere goes to Iraq
Yeah, say come to Iraq
Get myself on the stay-aluck
What solid get to the jailhouse in Iraq?
Maybe if I'm lucky I can come up with me
Maybe I can even be the sanity
I must have been crazy to get into this war
It's like going to still donut from Michael Moore in Iraq
Don't don't don't don't don't
Yeah, here in Iraq
My head will soon be on the block
And I will die in the jailhouse in Iraq
I get the jailhouse in Iraq
I get the jailhouse in Iraq
All of Jack Radio 10-1-5-60 WQAM Happy Thursday
To me I think what we ought to do for four hours today
And honor of what's going on in town
Is just the three of us take turns saying
Jack
Jack
Jack
There you go
And once in a while through on a
Cheap
Just just uh
Well this is throw these bastards off balance a little bit
He's no shit
Yeah, that's right you got a big hit man
I'll tell you got a giant i bet his head weighs about 150 pounds
Well i've got a humongous head
That's about all I know and I couldn't care less about
Jack
Well one way or the other
It's really tragic
It's a sad commentary on the human
On the subhuman race
But hey it's something for these guys to talk about
Got to all start break no Marlon games
In fact there's no Marlon game today
Is there the good news is
The two next Thursdays we got Marlon games
Oh right
And of course that'll be a great opportunity
During the 1230 to uh
Whatever three segments
For the audience to get a real sniff of
Al Franken on air america see i want to promote the hell of them
Because they hear that for the first time and
Yeah, they won't need their stew's alarm no more
Man talk about going into a coma
Uh good intentions but you know what they say about those don't you
Nope uh yeah something to do with shack
Here's George's poll from yesterday
In fact the one we're taking today is also a very hostile
You give people especially in a hot
Cirly self-reduced days of summer and the
Smoke out there in the glades and it just the whole thing is a mess
Mosquitoes as big as bowling balls
People are not real happy campers so they need a chance to like vent a little bit
shack
shack shack shack see you
Who should be a contestant on celebrity
Celebrity Russian roulette that's our poll question yesterday with a little Georgian Josh
Trimprane
OJ Simpson 501 how do you like that they hate you like person they wish you'd blow your brains out
In fact if you won't pull the trigger they will
For be lined up
Can you imagine the lineup wow
Baby lineup all the way to banger main 100 bucks a ticket from kindle to banger main
Maybe lineup a thousand bucks a ticket just to have the golden opportunity
To blow OJ's uh into oblivion crap banger wear
Rush limbaugh was an i-second 321 in kindle uh rosy o' donald 170
They're not too far to you fat rosy no matter what you're a song and a dance and finger painting maybe
Just obnoxious. She is just disgusting
Sean Hannity 93
Chuck has been 82
What a surprise they haven't forgotten. Oh he's forgotten about them
But they haven't forgotten about you son of a bitch old Chuck
Dennis Miller 62 who's uh whose unpopularity is increasing every minute of every day
John and Melissa
And Melissa Rivers. I noticed they're lumped in together now 46 like mother like to water
Turn on the home shopping channel. They're there waiting for you. Fred duris 41
Lot of people used to like Fred. There's now he's taking a turn for the worst. Yeah, we hate them
Paris Hilton a skanky nose bitch 38
Have you seen the Paris Hilton video George?
You know, I keep thinking about the day that guy called in. Oh
Some of you head rose out there man. You just a me you know again
It's just slapping your face to think they I mean I know you're desperate at times
But to think that you could be that desperate that you'd watch that skanky sloth
Yeah, so I don't want to watch her do anything except maybe blow up brains
We pay for that one. We had a uh a showing in here
My showing of what the video video somebody
So uh, you know, I sold tickets and oh you don't have to ask me about in that building
I mean any any building where Ron Jeremy be greeted like a superstar that tells me everything I need to know
Mel Gibson 24 Joe Scarborough 15. That one of my favorites
I may be one of the 10 people who occasionally watches MSNBC
But not during the 10 to 11 hour will Smith 15 tied with Joe Scarborough same person kid rock 10
Shack has got look at that
Shack already has got yeah boats. How about your Robert Grypers all excited about chat? Yeah
Robert County junior 8 Kenny logins for David Lee raw 3 Tom Cruise has got three another one
Turned from we used to like me was okay. He was harmless did some good movies rain man born on the 4th of July any other ones
No, uh last time I wasn't bad and what about the one with the
What's his name with Clark Brandon all of that crowd and the John Stockwell
Oh, they went what is it losing it? Yeah, that was cute. I mean what I did moving was cute
Right on Nicole Kidman 2 right under Tom Cruise where she wish she would have spent a lot more time
But it wasn't in the cards and Dan Fulgerberg won out of 14. They're almost 50 never votes nice going George
He had a stomach right on the pulse of South Florida. They hate you name it. They hate it
That's right
Here's something a little more on the positive side the 4th annual pet rescue benefit is coming up this Sunday July 18
A Charlie Hollyfield sent a facts would we promote this major charities abandoned pet rescue whom we love and other charities will also benefit
Our with pets. I'm gonna say it again anybody who doesn't like dogs you're on my Schmitt list for life
I just I don't relate to it. I don't understand it the Chinese like them a lot. Yeah
With relish
I don't give me started on the Chinese okay, they just uh
Ducks us they well they've been repressed for so long you know, they're just uh are bursting out all over
This Sunday July 18th the 4th annual pet rescue benefit will be at sloppy Joe's Beach Place
17 South Florida. They'll beach Boulevard and Fort Lauderdale
There'll be door raffle prizes a 50-fitty drawing whatever that is um
Karyoke entertainment by Liz Bennett productions. Oh, that wonder. She's related to Liz Welch
Yes, bartenders from all around the hood and raffle tickets are on sale right now the grand prize will be four day three night get away at the
Super clubs breezes in the
Bahamas no less and Bahamas
Forticates and sponsorship information contact Charlie riddett
Riddett at 9 5 4
Rock solid fine you think that this got a lot of plan to show
That's that's old news man now that I got
Wax solid Wax solid in fact I think he's in
Solid you rock you know what I say
Wax solid oh god is he grotesque anyway Charlie would have called 9 5 4 5 6 4 8 8 6
Diane Schmidt
954 288 43 94 or Kim Stevens 9 5 4 8 1 5 26 0 9 or I guess you can just contact sloppy Joe's Beach Place at 9 5 4 5 2 2
75 53 it's coming up this Sunday July 18 to the 6 p.m. In Fort Lauderdale all you a dog and animal lovers out there
Please pretty please go and step them out
Behind the beaten curtain today we got Rhonda Sheer
Good picture to I should point out an excellent picture. Don't forget to take a look at our booby to a trap
At the neo-Rajas booby trap we don't want to say to QA because we know that they don't want to be associated with it in any way shape or foam no way
WQ and hello
And you know how you doing okay I know something that's rock solid
But
Wax solid
Oh, that's the best call of the year and it's only in middle of July
Holy cow that was great
Wow
I think his information is rock solid anyway Rhonda Sheer great picture and of course obviously it goes back
It's from back in the day when she looked really hot
Yes, she was born November 12th 1954 so that makes her almost fitty another couple months
Her measurements as Miss Louisiana 35 22 35 and then
1997 I guess she was growing still a growing girl 36 D
25 36 not to be confused with the confused the triple 34 C or whatever she was
Always I don't want to go into it. Here's her filmography boy. It goes on not that long
She's been in a few things but on TV. She's been all over the place including the Howard sperm show
Silk stockings remember how much I like that show a lot. Yes indeed. What was his name? I don't know. We don't know
Ask Rita but anyway her movies prison of go-go love bites TV series
The inspiration boulevard don't put your day job earth-minus zero tender loving care a solid-party nerds to
Frogtown to probably about Montreal legend of the rollerblade seven rollerblade seven space balls
Basic training doing time
Party games for adults only and galaxy Anna and JD's revenge and a much
A zillion thousand
30,000 TV appearances all over the place
So there she is ronda sheer if you're already age of 55 and have plenty of ID to prove it and about 15 relatives to vouch for you
Here's a very disturbing story. I guess I'll give today's pool right now, okay?
Hi
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing pretty good sir?
Did you happen to notice where the booby trap came from the website? It's on the bottom there. I didn't see that
It's moh our david's favorite milky paradise dot com all right
For five take another day and paradise. Thank you so much
For pointing that out to us and don't forget
Squirt your mouse along our booby trap
Yeah, yeah, the reason I keep repeating that I'm sure you do too is because a lot of guys probably are like clicking on here
And I say oh, that's pretty interesting, but they don't realize how the fun they can have with it by
Clicking their mouse. It's interactive drag your mouse right along that row. Uh, but all the rows and then put it back in the house
Exactly put the mouse in the house
Which of these people here's today's pooled you think?
Is or was the most despised south Florida personality of all time? You know what inspired me for the pool?
I give up well, don't you remember on tooth?
They I mentioned the the ricky ticky sands is departing his show and over like sliced hollivop in North pole right
And he's gone again for the umpteenth time. Bye bye ricky ricky ticky sands is only cast an over and time jicker
The only ones in town to keep kissing his ass. They must have something going
Anyway, uh most despised south Florida personality of all time radio tv newspapers in other words personality can include a lot of territory
So I got on a pool for a start rich sands
And then for the old timers out there Alan Courtney who was uh did talk radio in this town for about a hundred years
But uh became the most just
I'm not just for munching
You know, you never heard him did you?
I heard you talk about him that's all more actually heard him
hmm
nasty me old man. I mean just and of course I can understand a little bit of that when you knew talking south Florida for many many years
It was longer than that. Uh he was the pioneer no question about that
But he was a miserable old sunbitch
But uh I can't understand it gets to you south Florida has a tendency to like to make you
Like that. Yeah
As opposed to friendly and civilized like some other places that I might be sitting in right now
join the qm van today at it is uh
Walk solid out there
Look for the qm van today at 11 o'clock this morning at the shell station
If it's him, it will be there you're probably sure you share with you some of my marlin tickets
At the shell station on northwest 87th Avenue and 14th Street in deraille do not get gas there because of cell gas
Stop by to pick up free ten dollar David Buster's power card. That's the 11 o'clock this morning
While they last 87th Avenue and 14th Street in deraille look for the lovely Miguel he'll be screaming the hollerin about he hates bush
That's something how we brought that child around
It's amazing broke him free from his uh
His Cuban brainwashing his uh well, whatever it can be done. It can be done
In fact that I will be done
He has your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost let oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's side of your business
Payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management
Are just a few of the services that oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable
Call oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at 1 866 at oasis
That's 1 866 286 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide
Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets to human resource management
outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice
Which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to oasis outsourcing
So let oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable. There is absolutely
Possibly no obligation if you like that free evaluation just make that tool free call
1 866 at oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 for oasis
outsourcing
force radio
QAM
A good time for the great taste
Neil this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste
Using him on channel 7 news first as a two bit reported now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than
Temi Febaker and Mary Kay combined
Rick Sanchez
Here the dulcet tones of the men who brought you crunching Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez sings
Yes
Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face tour over Hylia. It's one show you all want to miss thank for a good one
Rick Sanchez he loves his audience
I accept you as a precious gift
1018 at 560 wqm. I want to say they hate you Rick but don't let the door hitch in the pace the ants on the way out of town because
We got 37 votes on a poll right away and
He's got 31
That's only because we don't have a lot of competition on there yet
We'll get a whole bunch of names on here. There are many people they despise. They hate like poison, but
So far the first 37 votes Rick Sanchez 31. Spilky's the rate. That was your choice. Three good choice
Alan Courtney's got a pair and I voted on the only vote on her so far for somebody that I intended to put on there and somebody didn't waste any time in fact
You and Gregory Benjamin Buidel
Greg Buidel now most of our audience probably don't even know who that is anymore because he's been
He's been in between the country pantry there in Hollywood
Huh? Sorry. That's in between
Yeah, eating tables and cleaning toilets at the country kitchen in Hollywood where where my used to live
Uh, he's been unlike some
Low-watch stations, you know, uh, how many watch?
He's been around although I said he is what solid no question about that
So I voted for him because I don't want to make him feel left out because then he'll get paranoid about that
Although who am I to talk about people screw up in the head? I didn't realize I was screwed up in head until the last week
How do you like that? In a week and a half? I've lost seven and a half pounds. All right
How do you like that and the audience is out there? Oh, why you've done this a million times you fat tub. You'll see
You know, I know it because I the key for me is I just don't know if you have the sugar cravings the all that stuff all these things
No, no, don't have no need any big meals
Just to graze a little bit maybe some cheese over here and maybe uh some bacon this morning for breakfast and uh, you know some stuff a little bit here a little bit there
That's it
It's that is sitting down to those big heart throbbing meals that just tear your kishkis up
And making have gigantic oozing painful bowel movements like uh mupwitsa, you know
It's just seven and a half pounds in a week and a half pretty good for me
Yeah, you'll take and then duck I told up this morse is well. What are you on the other? Yeah, I should have said sounds to me like you're on something
No, seriously
Uh, I'm not on anything. I'm on the uh common sense save your life by it
There old Miller in Minneapolis didn't make it to airport security because he couldn't keep his pants on
Ha ha ha
Airport police said a security screener was waving a metal detecting wand over Miller's pants area on friday
When Miller pulled his short stout it was ankles the only problem is he wasn't wearing any underwear
Miller then said there. How do you like your job?
That's ending ending the screening quite any police report
He was charged with a decent exposure released on 300 dollars bail
We've never had anybody do that before said air force police uh air-pro police lieutenant mad christensen
But it's not abnormal for people to become frustrated with the screening process
In other words, you probably is wondering why you waving your wand over my genital area
Miller also became belligerent during the screen in fact
They found out one thing about him. He was rock solid
He became belligerent during the screening TSA officers told police
One TSA employee also told police that Miller had a note inside a magazine in his bag with an expletive and told a TSA employee
Oh, yeah, it's for you when asked who the note was directed at in other words
You he probably give him the old dick chaining
Let's get some more names on that pool before we start to hopping in and all this crap. I got piled up here
Lots of crap all the crap all the time George tells me there's nothing going on well check check check check check
She
WQM hello
You can
I'm sure yes sir. Yeah, hey, how you doing? I got a suggestion for the poll yes sir all cash or no balls all right good one
Thank you, Kelly. All right, buddy. All right, buddy. Castor no, we get his ass on there right away
Uh, shack is coming to town anybody know that
Really? I it's it's a miracle. I don't understand who these people are out there and quite frankly
I don't want to know them the sports news. I don't want to know them from them. I don't want to know nothing to bottom
Mad dog at two of the humpwirt four we got a fairly pristine schedule then we got the very rock solid big
That's seven o'clock for three upon two hours eighty-k at ten and I said pristine schedule
And then of course we got marlin's let's see to plan the pirates tomorrow. Am I right about that out of town stop new Josh
What's that I said chat oh?
Oh, I judge before we take any more calls the judge rule this week that it proposed politically motivated billboard
This is a little follow-up on a story we had on Tuesday by the group project billboard that was blocked by clear channels
Spectacle or division in myriad hotels was a contract dispute and not directly involving the first amendment
Spectacle or channel 70 plus displays in Times Square and for myriad hotels rejected the design last week
Project billboard an anti-war group has been charging the media giant cheap channel but your grave robbering bastards
With blocking the erection of it. Oh, we can't say that anymore the
Of a billboard that depicts an illustration of a cartoonish bomb
Drake would stars and stretch the company by the words democracy is best taught by example not by war
The ad was to appear on the facade of the marriott marquee hotel on Broadway August 2 November 2
Meaning the display would be up during the Republican National Convention starting August
And Manhattan through November presidential election and a yadda yadda
So there you go bad news there
It's just a contractual dispute and I can nothing to do with freedom of speech is what the judge said
Line 9 W. Q. A. M. Hello Neil. Yes, sir Glenn Hill
Glenn Hill. Yeah, who's despised?
Uh, wasn't Glenn Hill the bird yeah, well put him down there. Okay. I think what you're trying to say is I hate the bird
Okay, Kelly Glenn Hill
parentheses parentheses put the bird okay see that guy wanted to hear the bit you're not fooling me for a second
I hate the bird that I hate to I am huh that guy how many I hate we got on there
If you miss the Neil Rogers show yesterday. Yeah, I'll play them
That great. That's great. I mean man is hot though not even look what that pot softly hot though what well then
Like it out probably don't even need a match
WQ and hello
Hello, yes, sir. Is this Leo? Yes. Did you say you got a couple? I've got a couple. Yeah
Pretty cool. I want to request Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny bit. Okay. That's that's a good idea
Now's a good time for that. I think so and I want to add Marilyn Mitchell
Ooh, can I find space and long- Howard
Oh, how can we forget my friend absolutely how to side out of mind
Okay, pal, he took the choices. Thank you so much. We're nearly we just say one, but I'm in such a good mood
Seven and a half pounds. I think I was telling George before the show
I think it about another couple of months
I'm going to be able to throw away a lot of that medication. I've been taking it's probably going to shorten my life tremendously if I keep taking it
No matter what kind of drugs you're taking boys and girls and I'm not suggesting
Please understand they you throw your drugs down the turlant unless of course they're illegal substances
But and here and knock on the door, but other than that
Man get off of the drugs if you can
Because they be bad for you
And now there's new stuff with a cholesterol. Oh, yeah, you really now we want to get your cholesterol numbers way down there
We want them to be rock solid right we want your cholesterol over to be like three
Just more hype more BF somebody's getting paid off again by all these uh, what do they call these drugs?
I can never think of that name statin statin very good. I was thinking of acne statin myself
I was thinking of satin
Were you anyway the statin drugs uh, zokor and um, limpitor and uh,
Pravakal all that crap
Bad for you baby bad for you
Which reminds me of that book again by McColley Kilmer. What's his name great book?
No, not if you'll read it because you don't read nothing, but it's a great book WQA and hello
New yes sir. Hey, what's happening? How you doing? I've got two for the poll two. Okay. Go ahead. He's got a pair
glory s-a-fon. Oh good one and Elion
Elion Lula Elion Gonzalez. Okay. Thank you. In fact wouldn't surprise me if we get several members of the Gonzalez family on there before we be done
Wouldn't like meris greasy ass people like that, but we'll wait
We don't want to rush to judgment doing and don't be saying rush kocina south float
He does live in Palm Beach. He has a home near and he's got some good drug suppliers there and doctors too
South Florida what which of these people do you think is the most despise south Florida personality of all time dead or alive
Radio TV newspapers build boards of pup tents street quarter. Oh, yeah, Sean Kenone
Nobody knows who that is right. We hate you Sean and by the way get out of our face
I hate you if you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on six ten W I O D you missed this
As the bird yeah, okay
Do me if ever play anything because I can't stand listening to you
You start like a douchebag
Do what do you mean if ever play anything? Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh God
You sound so stupid I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you
I just tell you not to say anything just play something
Oh god can't stand it. Well then why are you listening?
I'll play something already. Why won't you answer my
I can't stand it you won't see he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello. Oh, how sad it is
I had to dump that. I'm sure you probably did too. Yeah, and you know it reminded me
I heard that those two words together on air and early this morning at 804. Yeah, on that show I was telling you about they actually said
They didn't just say it they said it loud and strongly like that's why hardly I mean there are several things that this
Company's just gone way overboard and of course because we have emotionally crippled the
Middle-level management people at WQA and as a result they've like gone way overboard
What you can't say there's and you can't do that you can't know like my little raspberry. You can't do anything
And I think that the
bag in fact
There are two of them one begins with an S right
Right correct, which includes the word scum which we can say scum on the air but we can't say scum and conjecture with another word
I have a handful of it
Right pons gum which we got lots of that in Florida and then of course the old douche you can you can do show your problems away
But you can't do a
Right. Oh god
So sad so pathetic so childish so spineless and in the fact I had to dump that
I don't know the gd don't forget that which Archie's been saying that for you know. Oh yeah, right
In fact not only can we say
anymore we can't even say
The the letter
Right you know, I mean a
Hold them a ground
Could be dangerous if you're tripping phone right
So that's just a little bit of what we have to continue
But you know something we shall overcome we don't care because we want the checks baby
That's all we care about just give us show us the money
Show us the money and all the rest you can stick it right where the moon don't shine okay right in the old
Hole yeah, we just can't tell you where right now we can
We can draw you a picture, but we say it or we can stick our foot there to give you an indication
Although death might enjoy it
Which of these people do you think is the most despised south Florida personality radio tv to live your dead of all time
Rick Sanchez. I'm gonna tell you 105 votes
If you aren't near your computer and can't see this result you may be shocked
By these things pretty staggering
81 that's 77.1 percent of our first 105 votes say they despise rich Sanchez more than
Anybody who's ever come down the old pike that's with a pee
Spooky's Narees god nine and interesting in both of them have worked or did work or do work in her case on channel seven right
It's amazing how many people watch channel seven but they lie about if they pretend they don't
Horrible excuse for a newscast to horrendous
Whatever happened to the little news fairy there our good friend Brian is he did he go into limbo
Remember he called us that day he was going off to New York to seek his fortune and that's lost we heard of it
Huh, that's lost we heard of it now
I wonder what they're all talking about over channels so we're that talking about women
That's not not him or the paper boy. Yeah, they're talking about Shaq like everybody else Shaq
Shaq
Spooky's Naree nine castren over's got three already mr. Wana be mr
I haven't got an original evil any farts. It smells like
Old Ron
That's when I was told that's what toast told me in my way you're toast
What a perfect name man. Oh, let's see it just change stanchas 86 spiel keys Narees
She's starting to make a little move 10 castren over five more Howard David had just went on her
How could we forget?
We're slipping or what four although he certainly is rock solid glory as step on three Greg Vidal
You've got three Greg who know who you are because to know you is to despise you
Alan Courtney to Glendiborne Hill has got a pair
Maryland myths all I always wondered if he really did have a pair. I was never really too sure about
My child
Maryland missile one and Ilian Gonzalez little Ilianito has got one
Let's let the abuela's check that thing out again to make sure it's okay
Come on. It's your people. It's part of the whole deal. You know what he said to the abuela
That's what he said
How's pop out very doing
WQA him hello
Speaking I got a name for your poll. Okay. Loan me $50 in self. Oh, yeah, I could forget. I couldn't. Oh, I'm trying
Okay, thanks a lot sweetheart. Bye
Larry the kingmeister lonely $50 who still hasn't paid back anybody
In soft Florida that he ripped off. I mean it was just it was incredible. I know how to do it talk to that good for you
Wouldn't you think you've yet any conscience at all? In fact, that's what Greg Read and Larry King have in common
No conscience whatsoever none not a little bit of a conscience NUN
Get me to a nunnery. Let's see. Here's an excellent one from chronic Rick. This is beautiful
In fact, we can't play that
We can't play that anymore
What a show
Can't play that
But had never were nervous there
When
Yeah, we hate you Wayne old bald old zip-fade. Yeah, can't stand you. He might actually give a Ricky Tiki some competition there some stiff competition
What could you weigh him hello?
Deal. Yes, sir
I got
Tony Cigarette was good and
And Ryan or cross the mother fairy. Okay. Thank you, sir
Clear up that choke condition five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. I bet you yeah
I was gonna say I bet you most starts climbing the list
We gave everybody else kind of a handicraft
Sanchez 102 spielkeys in the rate ten Mohawar David and six. I don't think you can beat Rick
no
No because well don't be too sure because Rick got off to a huge start. He's like a hundred yards ahead
But once Mo gets up a full head of steam or full head of hair
He's not a ten-day vacation. I asked I asked this morning our operations mangler
I asked mufflin miss Lindsay. I said is uh
What's gonna happen when he comes back from vacation? Are he are they gonna be together again?
Mo and guilty and he said oh, yeah, he said the two of them aren't rock solid
That's what he told me
So when Mo gets back from his ten-day vacation the two of them will be reunited like peaches and squirms
For president day, baby he tried desperately to do that, uh, you know kind of change the topic
Wagged the old cat's ass, but it didn't work too well from the beginning gay marriage has been an issue that president Bush has got to finesse
He's got the finesse of a bull in a china shop
under election year pressure from a social conservative base mr. Bush endorsed the art of the effort to adopt a
Constitutional amendment that would van gay marriage and last few days
He's turned up the volume on the issue talking about it in his weekly radio address in Saturday and calling wavering senators over
Last year to an effort to show up the support for a measure as it headed toward a crucial procedure of hope yesterday
But after endorsing the measure in February it would often go weeks without mentioning it in public
Suggesting either a personal or political reluctance or both about pushing it too hard your pushing to hard
That's what the seed said
And when he did raise the topic he was careful to modulate his message to avoid alienating moderate voters
Warning in particular against the lawing issue to become an excuse for gay bashing right. We sure wouldn't want to do that
Would we oh no
What they do in the privacy of their house consenting it else should be able to do in that that's exactly the way he said it
Mr. Bush said during the campaign stop in Pennsylvania on Friday
What they do in the privacy of their houses consenting it else should be able to do
Seeking to distinguish between private behavior and giving legal sanction the same sex marriages
This is America. It's a free society, but does me we have to redefine traditional marriage in fact, you know
Well, let me just go on
By hitching his position to folio bit Mr. Bush may have insulated himself somewhat from the sting of the defeat on the proposed amendment suffered in the Senate yesterday
It took a whopping
But the way in which the proposal went down with a whimper short of a simple majority much less the two thirds of the Senate needed for approval raised questions
About whether the White House had fundamentally misjudged the nation's attitude on the issue
You see all of the polls if they were just look at the polls
Yes, 65% of America is not in favor of gay marriages including carrying Edwards, but
More than that in fact the Lutob's polar couple lights to go on CNN they had 80 billion votes 71% are against the constitutional amendment because they see through it
And if they're so concerned that opening the door to all these other kinds of marriages that means it's going to be like
Too well then and six of pigmies. Well if you're so that concerned about how about just read refining it as too
Consenting adults without talking about gender isn't that difficult wasn't that tough? That was way hard
Okay, what about the neuters? Okay, there are adults
Yeah, well what differences are make are you are you picking on griep or again is that your problem? Yeah, I got
What a tourb I think I had a nightmare about that child something about him. I did he just he is creepy and creepy
And the only reason he's there is because him and clearance are really really tight jam up and jelly tight
20 before 11 at 560 QAM
We
Have a clock is fine, but I'm news now camera one and you wear the anchor sits
Oi Sally is events
She moms are hitting on chisers by broskins us all the newscasts to pieces and bits
Sally is he fits
And we want those Sally's running
Bishop
Trying to compete with any
Bishop
So comedic so entertaining well with Martinez dreams by wins
Sally is events
Everyone does everything that she sends
Cracks are with it out. Just Ricky sent
Oh
Something
She wants me to she
1045 at 560 WQM. I haven't played any long time
100 years. Yeah, and long overdue Sally's bits gets get her on air right away Sally
Hey man back at you and Anita Brian somebody suggests out aside out of mind the orange juice queen
Who we ain't seen in a very long time. We're pretty pleased about that miserable bitch
Another one of that Bible thumped bags and look what happened to her man
She's uh, she appears at some casino in the brand. What is that place brand for the
Brand brand uh whatever it is
In Missouri and Missouri somewhere right why isn't brand muffin Missouri brand muffin. Miss Missouri
And that's where she's hanging out now because nobody else wants nothing to do with that bitch
Even old Bob green up there in Orlando the this shock
You're not the one you used to work for with a beard that used to try to take to the swing clubs and get laid
I didn't try to take him there. You did take him there
You're trying to get him laid. No, you got him late my business
No
Anyway, which of these people do you think is the most despised soft-floored a personality radio TV news paper
Street corners anywhere of all time dead or alive Rick Sanchez? He you're right. He may have an insurmountable lead
He got off to such a big like secretary in the Belmont
He's just up by open lengths and just storming away from the crowd
Rick Sanchez 121 is kind of a parting shot to south Florida
Mohawar David though is instant in the second place. He's coming on strong
With 11 I mean how do you compare 11 to 128 now
Eighth Wayne high zingah has moved into a second place tie with Mo now 11 apiece cookies to rate 10. She's on both their asses
Castan over's got seven Larry King has got six. He just won honours already moving up Gloria step on six. She makes my skin crawl
Glenn the bird hill five little alienitos got four Greg Biedel stuck on three nobody knows who you are Greg
Probably just as well. I need a Brian's got a pair Alan Courtney two Maryland mitzels got one and none yet for Tony cigaretteo
Little Brian or cross or Sally fits at a 196 vote
Oh and speaking of people being dragged out of the closet
The phone kept ringing in one capital hill office hourly daily all leading up to yesterday sent a vote on the
Constitutional Memorita van gay marriage Mike Rogers was on the line again. No Mike
He knew something very personal about the press secretary of a Republican House member who supports the amendment
And he wanted to tell someone preferably somebody high ranking that the man is gay
Rogers cannot understand this
How can somebody help articulate the opposition to homosexual unions when he himself is homosexual in other words
How can somebody be a subhating fag mat? Oh, I'm sorry
I don't notice mark fouries name in here anywhere our very own Florida representative mark
Foldy. I don't see his name in this article anyways a very long article. It's on our website
I'm certainly not going to read it. I don't see Charlie Jesus Christ on here either the Florida attorney general
If you ever seen Charlie Christ and Charlie Nelson righty together
same person
Anyway, Rogers a 40-year-old Washington fundraising consultant as wage-day controversial outing campaign in the month leading up the yesterday's vote
He set out more than 10,000 emails encouraging and perpetuating outings
He handed out flyers at the gay pride parade in June asking people to send in names of gay hill staffers working for
senators and representatives who supported the federal marriage amendment
He created a weblog last week listing some of these names. You might want to hop on his log
He made phone calls day and night to the offices and homes of these staffers his message how dare you
How dare you when it goes on at great light
when it doubt
Dragon mouth picking on screaming. Yeah, dragon mouth creaking air creaking and creaking in the screaming
Oh listen to this you ever thought that the herald was bad
Yeah, I think the herald's bad suicide note pins blame on Florida newspaper
I think most of the papers in Florida left to make anybody blow their brains out
But this is not the a herald a
former school board member
Charge with having had sex with a 12-year-old boy was found dead yesterday near Naples, Florida and an apparent suicide
He left behind a note attacking the local newspaper for publishing several detailed news stories about the case
The dead man Nelson Farber, Jr. 52 said it was disturbing when an irresponsible press causes the families of the accused to suffer so much hurt and humiliation
All the name of selling newspapers and ads
Police had withheld the content of that note and several others, but the man's attorney sent a copy one of the notes to the local paper
The Naples daily news last night. I'm sure you read that daily
Oh, yeah, Naples daily news. That's a biggie
The newspaper ran a lengthy story about the death of the man who apparently shot himself in the haze
They ran this story this morning the papers editor Phil Lewis told the ENP what's the ENP? Oh editor and publisher
Okay, we wouldn't do anything differently defending their straight news coverage or criminal case
A passerby found the body of Farber on the ground near a swing set in Ridgewood Park
Farber was former Codja County school board member in the note released by his attorney. He wrote
It is sad that in our society and especially our fairly educated communities
Simply the accusation of sexual misconduct is not to destroy an individual
Farber a lawyer had posted a $100,000 bond and left the county jail on June 10th
He had been charged with five counts of unlawful sexual activity with a child
Farber had vowed to fight the charges saying he feared how much the case would hurt his own children other family members
Court records said Farber had met the youth in question through his son's little league baseball team and had brought him many gifts
They also described as many as for the potential Farber victims. I wonder if he's going to be related to B Farber
The great the greatest woman harness driver of all time and Charlie Farber her former husband members Z lady. No. How about mr. Z
No, mr. Z mr. Z you never met that crowd. We creep did you?
Oh boy now that you think you've met some real real characters
Okay, the man the guy with a fanny bag and the guy with the eyes and all the other chronic's Steve
The guy with a hands for that's Jack with a hands with the funny your hand right Jack
Yeah, there's this one
Yeah, well that goes without saying
But until you've met mr. Z mr. Z who just once every two three years. I'll see him at the pomp and o' park
Just go away mr. Z. I can't stand you okay. You're up near everything that the world hates about New York City
mr. Z oh
Brother I'm getting spilky just thinking about him
Speaking of spilkeys, you know who else gives me spilkeys when I see her I give up but I won't be seeing around no spots for
Slim fast no more. Oh, whoopee. Yeah, whoopee
Whoopee do and of course our good friend Lynn Samuels has gone on a hysterical she fired off a hysterical
Psychotic note last night the slump as she put their address their email under her website
She's just following it them out because they have taken whoopee off the ads
First of all slump fast sucks anyway, so what's the problem right
If you're pissed off at slump fast don't buy that crap
It's not gonna be lose anyway, and now they come out with a new low carb because there are other stuff like I've put if he
Is loaded with sugar and carbohydrates and it tastes like crap anyway
Comedian wippy Goldberg will no longer appear ads for diet aid maker slump fast following her lured ripoff on president bush
On his name at a fundraiser last week the company said yesterday
Florida based them fast said it was disappointed in Goldberg's remarks. Hey Hank
Slim fast general manager Terry Olsen said in the statement adding that the company regrets that Goldberg's remarks offended some customers
Too freaking bad, okay? It's America. She spoke her mind. She said that bush is a piece of crap and a few other things that we can't see on the air
I don't dislike her as much anymore
Republicans have expressed I still can't look at her but I'm just like her as much
Republicans have expressed outrage over the fundraiser for presumptive democratic nominee John Kerry and his vice president
So running me John Edwards which entertainers lined up to skewer the president the New York Post said of Goldberg's appearance at the event
Waving a bottle of wine she fired off a stream of vulgar sexual word plays on Bush's name and a riff about female genitaya
A spokesman for Goldberg to climb immediate comment hey stupid
Slim fast is a unit of Anglo Dutch food to the detergent group Unilever pick. Oh Unilever. Oh Unilever. What is that PLC? I don't know what that is
Please just say Unilever
Okay Unilever
Where it's a
Duts thing. Well can't be all bad. Then I wonder if they're selling some drugs in here to promise
Maybe it's gonna sell you some good drugs. He's gonna be the roster lady gonna spend the good stuff
Right there on the street corner by Chuck sub
That's where George gets his crap right there by the barber shop. That did
5 6 7 0 5 60 well if you're not that's where you're gonna be looking
5 6 really 8c into you know the convenience store in the barber shop there convenient
Kitty corner that uh new the uh that td bar whatever that is
The tv bar
No td td
Touch now you're not dumping that are you? I'm dumping nothing. Oh good. Jesus. I know we're a little bit uptight and jam up and jelly tight
But just lay off of that button and go to air America where I can say
Do that bag yeah
How do you like that they're on in uh six or seven markets for crying out loud including New York know less and they're saying
And we can't say crap
Nice going duck you little woose you little sissy you little panty waist you and of course Clarence echoes with a Clarence makes duck look like hercules
WQ and hello
Is new speaking hey
All the two things first of all for your plot that bill come all be a good suggestion. She's an excellent choice
Also um me and my buddy here at the interview universe election will be able to vote and we went into our Fahrenheit over the weekend
right and um about of the great movie a little disappointed that
um younger viewers shippos and out there. It's all out old people out there
But well consider where you are but I tell you one thing everywhere else including here in Toronto going to see the movie
I'm the overwhelming majority of the people in there like between I would say 18 and 35. Oh that's great
Another thing also this is going to be well I'll turn 18 on the 29th of October right
There's still a way that I can register to vote and whatever oh sure if you're going to be 18 on uh by election day sure. Oh okay
All right, thanks. Don't forget pali do it. Uh okay. Thanks, but
See people don't know if you're going to be 18 on election day eligible. Of course you can register
Absolutely positively absolutely without a booted
Here's the deal at least I'm assuming I mean I'm sure I'm not telling tales out of school there right
I really don't know. Well, uh how is that possible and if you're going to be 18 on election day you aren't going to be able to vote
How's that possible if you're black you can't vote in any events? Well, that's true
If you're 180 and you're black you're not going to be allowed to vote because we know you're going to vote for one of them Democrats
Look at the numbers that this man is putting up and he could have put the numbers up like these on that TV show and that piece of crappy
Edder and channel six he might still be on the air wiki tiki Sanchez, but of course he didn't I think he had close to a
Oh perfect number
man. Oh there's speaking of perfect
There's new law establishes in the federal criminal court the offense of aggravated identity theft
Abu Gharr rape. Yeah, that's what I got to send you
Look at this. Which of these people do you think is the most despised?
South Florida personality dead or alive of all time radio TV
uh newspapers billboards pop tents a rooftops street corners sewers
Rick Sanchez 144 he is out of homining out of 231 that's almost half
So that's more why out of homining?
231 it looks like a lot more than half 62.3 percent that is scary
The level the debts to which the public of South Florida know you and despise you hate you like
poison you hyper ventilating melodramatic goofball much you do about nothing
There's another one a legend in his own mind
Talk about a popus ass
Anyway, he's got 144 you getting my message?
No, what he says old H Wayne baldies got 18. Mohawar David had has been passed by baldie
Moe's only got a dozen he is slipping absolutely
Spilky's the rail 11 Gloria Stefan 9 Paul Castro was got eight
Larry King has got seven
Alienito has got five four little alien and his unhappy meal
Glenda bird hills got five I need a bride for a great view del stuck on three the same three people had no him today
No one was the hate him they said
Alan Courtney two Merle limits a one-tone is a red oh one brine or cross one zero from his come out and the Sally fit so far
Sally fits so far. I got a great song
Yeah, a great idea for book of Brian. Remember the song by Dean Martin everybody loves somebody sometime
South Florida anthem by broker Brian. It's coming up soon on a station right here like everybody hates somebody sometime
That perfect or all the time I can't hear it right now everybody hates somebody. I can't hear it. Can't you?
Yeah, cuz you're thinking it right
Well, it's better than cheap boat sour coming
Said I can't get that out of my mind. I don't know what that's all about 1057 at 560 WQM. Hey listen if you can't get rid of the fat
What are you gonna finally do to lose weight and feel better about yourself if you've tried the low carb and all the other
diets out there and you still are fat as a cow take advantage of balance for life
Who would have thought that you could have three meals and two snacks delivered right to your door daily delivered right to you and still lose weight
And don't forget the beauty of balance for life is you get to pick your meals every week
You'll get a different menu and maybe someday try will actually get us the the new menu because I'm sure that these are long since
So not the correct items, but nevertheless you have two selections for every meal
No other company offers this pick your breakfast lunch dinner with two snacks
There's no cooking no cleaning no carbon calorie counting and you'll definitely lose weight because all the meals are based on the proven zone diet
And there's plenty of food there to keep you full and satisfied all day long
For example menu choices this week are boo and boo like that well
In June they were portabello and provolone omelette real Marcel and crab Louis salad
How can you call that dieting?
Trice draper by the way is a real uh, whatever you say before
People on balance for life lose an average of 15 pounds a month about even trying
Plus for a limited time get a free pedometer when you sign up with balance for life
Track your steps increase the weight loss and now try their special seven day
Travelers they've never offered before and you can find out how delicious and fresh and great the food is
And how fast you can lose the weight column toll free one eight six six two two five forty five forty three
That's one eight six six two two five forty five forty three or just remember their website balance for life.com
both at the tj toward even loves neo roz Корdo
Hello, can you hear me okay? I got a question
Danny situation. Yeah, Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
David Wuddley
and Jimmy and Danny
Danny and Danny
Danny and Danny
Danny and Danny
Patrick Moore about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley along the
Potnance wherever you fought and comes with its own frigid day. It's 11.03 at 5.60 W.
It was just a matter of time we'll be playing that check, but I'm sure.
Yeah, can we got it? Yeah.
I'll let you crack it out tomorrow. I played it yesterday. You want to play it today? Like I said, I'll let you crack it out yesterday. Okay
Chuck
No, I don't want to play it because if there's one thing I want to avoid like poison today
It's shack and any way shape or form, okay? I don't want to do no shack. I mean now
Although shack is
rock solid
I was speaking to people I were really sick and tired of. I won't say despise because I do like him and she I never liked her in the first place
You do a little bit because she sat there right across from your post
Yeah, pop star couple Jessica Simpson and Nick Lachet want to go from newly wedged to parenthood it says in yada yada
I don't really care. I don't care anything about either one of them including him now
They just I'm just every every time you flip your channel MTV
E
Oh you and they're everywhere
Yeah, you know what I'm saying? I
Not already with them who cares whether they have children on me if we could have watched them in the process of making a baby
That would be very exciting. I would certainly tune in that and see close to the TV
Yeah, but other than that who cares about this contrived crap and whether they got the right groceries and all of this other oh brother
Man you talk about milking something for all its worth okay
I know there's a line that comes in there and in fact I got one back for you too
But no chance you see the one to stop
Look at this I never thought I'd say this but I missed the fart drops fax his mic
You think that if the Democrats get in the FCC will back off are they going to go on forever?
I got news for it. That might be a great campaign slogan for carrying Edwards
Vodas in and the farts come back
And that be great that doesn't ride well won't come up with something sure
Give us the leading parts and we'll bring back the exciting farts
We'll come up with some more exciting than that but nevertheless that's a good start
To get back our fart
5 6 7 0 5 60 see I don't really care like I said just give me the money and we're doing just fine without the farts without the
Little knowing when you have to dump something is innocuous is I hate the bird that bit
I mean that bit is from a hundred years ago that goes to show you how far back in time this coin punch a lunatic
Are taken as and by the high head to break the news to mr. Spurm who was always so right wing and for every Republican
That ever came down a pike and defending the Iraq attack and everything else
But as soon as this other crap started coming down from the FCC
What does he do he makes a martyr out of himself and oh they're out to get me well hit to break the news to you like I said but
The most the most rabid member of the FCC is Michael cops he makes a
Hole in sunday Michael Powell looked like a Sunday school of preacher. That's how he makes him look like a great liberal
Michael cops who just happens to be a Democrat and Jonathan Adelstein he's no picnic either he wants he wants 80 billion dollar fines if he could get him
So there you go. Oh no, it's all about the ham. I'm so tired of that how it's certain stuff man
He just makes me a week at the knees and tired of it
Whole world is about him
But anyway, here's the what we got on the pool rich santa's may break a lot of records
I think I think other than maybe Rush Limbaugh and the Bushmeister he may be the most unpopular person in history
Rick santa is 165 the most despised south Florida personality ever dead of a life Wayne Heisengaon the other hands only got 28
Moe Howard David a shocking disappointment with only 20
Because he and I have bonded so tightly right I can feel the love. Oh, yeah, it feels a glow rock solid
Yeah, that's our relationship. We're tight
Spilky's the ray 15 Gloria Stefan a dozen Paul Castlenobas got 10 I need a bright nine lyrical nine alien eight to a six-glenn hill five
Greg Biel still stuck on the same three people who once met him in a barber shop or once met him and his apartment complex that was filled a bug man
Yeah, how's he doing?
I've heard from 70 Q.A.M. Hello. Papa Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing sensational?
Hey, man me my coworker here despised Jenna Reno man
Okay, that's the one we want to give you you know George. They're filling in awesome
He's been doing great. He's been sensational in fact
I say George four days a week sounds good to me as long as I get the same pain
That was fine to us as long as you come back soon and you feel in and you do your thing now I'll fill in if you feel okay
All right
All right, what do you say Jenna Reno? Oh, oh, yeah, she drives the mean diesel
truck old Janet the old diesel dyker self-generino. I don't I don't know about that
Oh, I think you'd like to hate Janet Reno. What do they hear about her? Yeah, that's the only diesel right? The alien thing
Oh, I see oh alienito while she haven't even right but don't confuse people with the facts. How about the fisherman while we're at it
Nobody QA I'm hello
WQM hello
Yeah, I got a person yes sir
Neil himself I ride
All right
Neil himself
Slap me right on you okay now don't be doing that don't we don't want to like beat around the old bush
Neil Rogers hated and revolved his spies they just can't turn it off though of course of course
Oh, there's our american now that's true now they got a good excuse now they got
I'm tape wm hello
Neil how about Wayne Heizinger he's in second place or as we speak right now
Oh, okay, how about Dan marino?
Now nobody hates Dan marino. Are you out of your mind or what?
Yeah, you must be a guest fan get out of here you get lost
schmuck
Dan marino can you I mean we would never put a monitor don't put a monitor Josh whatever you do
I already had Dan down
you what
I was close I was on marino don't do it
Do not do it why would you do that you're so easy man don't be led down to garden path
Next time duck comes in and says you want to spank and Josh
I mean if you're gonna be that easy in fact he might be in before noon if you're gonna be that easy
Just don't do it just saying learn to say no chance no way that's right no
Although I hear he is rock solid
Which is nice to feel relaxed once again
6-7 no
05-60 pound 5-60 on the AT&T and for eyes and wireless line Georgia's doing a spectacular job
We got Rhonda sheer on the website today behind the meeting curtain
We got the near Rogers booby trap for you to peruse and drag your mouse across and beneath and around and in between
That's a dangerous feature on the web right there. You'll learn how to
maneuver it very well. I'm sure people will go there and just never leave
You want good keep mouth the streets some I can think of oh yes
They're gonna boob
WQA and hello Neil yes sir. Hey got an air america spy report. Okay. Talking about the worst day. We're using may use them last night. They use
Answer Reverend Jones
Good one. Yeah very good. Oh, I knew it immediately but I thought well
I'll actually even let him honor to say something but I can't I do him just not gonna do that
Isn't that pathetic?
Go away you and your entourage go the hell away. Okay
Go to Pompa no park. They can use your money go to silo casting plunge your guts out go up on that the cheap cap that you wear
Get out of our face get lost nobody wants to hear you except of course you a little entourage your boyfriend and your pet cat
Your kitty cat
WQA. I'm hello
WQA. I'm hello
Yeah, the Josh Pekka to come redneck from the myelin
Okay, he's a real
Sir is what I hear
Well, I said was he's a real good kisser is what I get all right anyway Josh Becket Yahoo
Okay, and I can't believe that that's uh wait till they've been banned boring here gets to win to that
And I'm sure that Josh there probably probably a snitch. Oh, that's right. They're out of town as we've seen him for a while
Thres is well. I hear that Bill Beck is a great broadcaster. That's what Josh was telling me before the show today
He said van boring is terminal, but that bill back. He's the voice of the marlins in the future
He's the hope for the futures what he said
Of course, why don't we care about the marlins or the dolphins all these dolphin promos nobody cares about that we got zack and shack
It's a zack attack
Right oh god in fact I can just say now watch your back shack
Can't you hear that one you'll wash his back
No, it's just they watch your back shack oh wash
I mean, why absolutely let's see oh here's one now this is sack religious all the way we'll put this one on there
This is disgusting the most despised is uh the crow I like that one yeah bet
At least get in the little publicity how about you but and the me but trobe the me but the globe
Okay sounds like a plan
Warren chrome already well, they'll just put the crow on there. Okay, they know who that is
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and T and for eyes and wireless line 12 minutes past 11 o'clock and don't forget look for the qm van right now
At the shell station on northwest 87th Avenue 14th Street in derral stop by to pick up a free 10 dollar David buses power card
Whatever that is do we know what that is?
Oh, it's a card. It's got power
96
Okay, that's right now while they last 87th Avenue 14th Street in derral it's worth 10 bucks and it's free and it's a David bus
So or it's from david bus to stop by that shell station see Miguel and then zip out of there and go to like
Emico, so you can play the games
Play what games the games at david busters they have a huge arcade as you know
Oh, I see to play a bunch of games like Sashmere the queer and fuzball for those of free and pencil in the eye
Hey, speaking of pencil in the eye with you got a big bad ball spot you look
Years older than you really are and people like you know they talk about you especially if it's a bad
Don't don't don't go peace
But if you want to look great if you want to look like a real mentioned better than you ever dreamed you could after the hair
Started falling out here's the answer for you forget about those pills forget about the old muskrat ramble look
Charles offie or is the guy you want to talk to because for more than 35 years
Charlie's been doing it great for guys. That's why I still around so long most of these other people are Johnny
Completely fly by night folks, but Charlie's been doing it for a lifetime
He's been on good morning america that today show CBS morning news
Introducing his patented hair system that offers you the most amazing great looking natural hairline system
You'll find anywhere's his new skin like hair system is a hundred percent
undetectable
Charlie's guarantees he tries system for 30 days
30 man and it is really
Rock solid and if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells after a month return it for four refund
No questions asked Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems including shampoo and trim
So don't wait. I mean if we can't say
At least we can say trim so don't delay call Charlie. They change your life forever at 1 800 3 to 1 24 13
He will make you look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again
1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or check him out of the worldwide wicked web at Charles offieery.com
Chip with nioh so I might as well have one with you too coming this Christmas from bogus industries
It's the I can drive like Rick Sanchez or game. It's a real life action adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board
Start begins at concession stand a of Joe
The stadium
Where each contestant has to drink himself to oblivion or get the highest blood alcohol level first
Goes on to level number two
One down the pedestrian and a whole house home section of the game
This league board game police battle and this player has come up with a different excuse to go home and get his license
Then it's off to the final leg of the board game higher in a journey go to court and whoever gets off with the easiest sentence wins
It's our good fun for the horns and they I can drive like Rick Sanchez or game
The
My thank you Paulie there you go. That was pretty good that one and Bill and Ted's excellent adventure
Which they brought in breathlessly and then?
Hello can only a Roger is he's playing my bad. See right I tell you he is really a same case you know the original sad sack as in sack of crap
The biggest shack of shack of the crap right all right the old sugar. I got an idea
Sugar, so everybody's not all these diets. How about the sugar shack diet?
Where do you put the sugar in your head and it swells up to like four times normal size and you and can hang out with shack
Shack it is so
pathetic it is so sad
But then again when you got a bunch of people that are bored schmittless what do you expect as many as
149 Floridians convicted of crimes now the states could be mistakenly barred from voting in November
Dispotted two-year-old agreement by floor election officials that was meant to return them to the roles
How do you like that take me back to my roles valet man?
All right, forgot that's right the josh don't like rules roises. He wants a Lamborghini
Let's take it for our
I think I was thinking I'm gonna do that pull next to they don't be stealing from me now. He'll settle a pull. I we've never done before. Have we?
What's your favorite year and model car of all time even if you never owned or drove one? I don't think we've ever done that before
Now the good one might call and sick on that day. Why is that they'll be calling up everything
Well, what's you don't like that pull? I think it's a great manly masculine pull sure it's manly masculine. It'll be a terminal. I think why
Oh, I was a 55 t bird. How about the 30?
57 t bird 67 Corvette stingrays my favorite 55
What 55? A t bird yeah, I thought the 57 was a real little funky one a really tiny little collectors and all three 55
56 and seven are well there you go. Well, you see they can argue about that
There's nothing wrong with that you're not you're a good one to talk about polls mr. Fuzball
Hey, that was a hot poll. I know that's very I'm still having recovered from that
Anyway, the reason lost paperwork and still moving bureaucracies for these people might get smeared off the rules as in smear the hoeders
And all 1240 now we're convicted in states that automatically we stir voting rights to fell into have completed their sentences
administrators of the Florida election the divisions say they've worked hard to repair mistakes from the 2000 election right
And they've already reinstated more than 1700 out of state felons, but
There's always a big fat butt rectum in the way
But efforts to restore the rest have been stymied by other states slow to respond to request for information
We've been very tells him we've worked very hard to get this then said dawn Roberts
Directed the division of elections and we've been writing and calling everyone those states that don't an easy task
And we've acted in good faith all along, but civil rights lawyers are extracted the agreement from the state
It's part of illegal settlement two years ago. So election officials are plotting unnecessarily and the names should be restored pronto post-taste and look at that
There's John Kerry talking about the neo-Rodger show again
troops in the power
He's there talking to the NAACP is getting a warm enthusiasm welcome because they're very excited somebody can to speak to him
Let me tell you something
please
Now president is the first president since Warren G. Harding not to speak before the NAAAD
D
F
The National Association for the Advancement of Dark Folks
The first one and the reason Warren Harding didn't show up is because
I'll give you I'll give you a two-word clue, okay?
That was the reason he didn't show up
How many energy harding schedule to peer, but he had the nerve to croak before he got there
So then we have old Calvin Coolidge sticking his nose into it
So I'll president he doesn't even show up there real slap in the face of ever there was one because he knows they're not going to vote for him anyway except for Armstrong Williams
There's another one man. Oh brother. Let's see how about
Oh Jay yeah, oh Jay is a South Florida personality here somebody might give her a key run for the month
This is excellent. Just when you thought we had a one pony show here
Oh Jay limpin along
Limpin and gimpin he's a personality right it could be a sports figure we said about any kind radio TV
newspaper sports water sports
You name it is a hell of a personality
He he blogs and how I'll tell you right that and you know something he is that that is justice
That is justice. He's in Kendall man. He is
His
With his sorboni knees and his miserable lion ass. Oh, but we got the people are gonna get juice
They're gonna get juice. Yeah, that's what Ryan and Nicole got that got juiced
You murdering piece of crap you turd you rotten you turd
Thank goodness for one thing at least we don't have any of our on-the-air people who are apologies for that bastard
We have somebody behind the scenes people out of one to mention scurran and the water Nazi and the Greg
Our general man there who are not only apologies, but groupies
We got some of those silly people which is why you got a sports station there in the first place talking about shack all day
Talking about the old sugar shack with Jimmy Gilmer
Oh, here's a good one. Please add the anxious Alice panelists of the list
I can't stand that piece of scum. See we answer that can say scum. I feel a little bit nervous saying it
We can say that right can't say uh
No, that old bag
Could you also please play any of the ice nubits haven't heard him while no problem Elmer but
Plan ice-nubit coming up soon
Let's see. Oh, yeah. How do you forget your old friend? Here's a good one
How could we forget I guess we're slipping you know it joy Reynolds. I am that hemorrhide. That's the one joy right
Oh, and look at this this is excellent. Where did you get this somebody faxed to us from buzzflash?
I love this right
Matt Roger gay a who backs the gay basher's part two
Now there's more to this where's the other page you only sent me page one that's that's it. That's all we got
That's another thing. I'm gonna have to go on there and get him. I so I can do that during the break
Yeah, we have to be addressed
Damn sure breaks here's what we have a link to it
It says on July 13 we explained why we are we uh running
To June 2000 that it to us about Matt Roger being a gay who supports people Republicans who bash gays
It's a syndrome that affects many Republicans including elected gay Republican congressmen and senators who support bushes anti gay rhetoric and agenda
There are also people behind the bush campaign apparatus
We have to be high to be an at-crow administration and the right wing think tanks and conservative values organizations who are gay
One might wonder oh, you know who I can't stand he's not gay, but who makes me oh
The worst he's worse than an culture. He's worse than any of them
Is that Michael medved that right wing lunatic posing as a movie critic?
Yeah, and they keep trotting him out especially MSNBC. He must get paid for by word or something
They keep trotting him out over and over and just slapping us in a pain even Paul Zahn had him on the other night
Michael medved
In fact now that I think of it he looks a little swishy too. It looks like Miss Horkheimer
Anyway, it says one might wonder what makes them tick meaning these are closet queens right wing self-hating
Could you be gay and support an anti gay president or a political party? No
Could you be African-American and send money to the KKK? No
Could you be Jewish and support neo-nazis?
Oi
Like Paul Wilfowitz
We don't pretend to know what goes on and dredges mine
Maybe he's just the ultimate post gay liberation gay a gay and a public denial
Otherwise the right to be a complete slime ball just like Karl roe. Well, we can say slime ball
Because we didn't ask about it. No
Oh, we better call what's your name that bitch over in Naples and find out if we can say slime ball choice
Drugs like all of us must be held accountable for his actions his sexual orientation becomes an issue when it makes him a hypocrite
And republican hypocrisy is number one interest that buzz flash to be continued on the next page and I'll get to it. I'll find it
Because this is today on their website July 15 repeating an editorial from June 2000 or two of them appeared
About that self-hating Maddekon
Brugarron
Just a pawn of the right wing gay bachelors were you drudge back?
Some would know conscience no self-respect and talking about a big head. I wonder who's it Joe Rose mac ms. Rudge or uh shack
Jack
When you say head mr. Joe you know gets free nervous 27 and so does that 27 past 11 for a multitude of reasons at 560 WQ am
Hey, are you in the atkins the south beats the sugar busters or any low carb sugar free diet a lot of people are
The lights of west focus help thousands and zillions of low carb divers achieve their weight loss goals because
Today shopping for just the right low-carb products that are really going to do it for you is almost impossible
Everything in the world now is labeled low-carb and a lot of those products on grocery store shelves not only won't help you lose weight
Some are full of crap and make you gain weight
So don't sabotage your weight loss goals come into a great store or the lights of west bokeh
And I'll help you stay on the right track with hundreds and zillions of the best tasting
Lowest-carb products ever embedded you can try them in it before you buy them too before you lay out any cash and take a whole bunch
Home they have a knowledgeable staff that knows low carb dieting inside and out the open every day till 10
And don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all atkins carbolite and pure delight products too
The lights of west bokeh will not be under soda can say a lot of cash
You get exactly what you're looking for gets some great items with taste the lights on the northeast corner of blades
Road and 441 next to Boston market you can call them pull free at 1 877 low-carb
L.O.W.C.A.R.B. you're on the web at slowcarb.com the one and only the lights of west bokeh is your official atkins retail center
I'm a local this is my city the radius of yours
Brock solid tonight on Bravo. It's inside the actors bathroom with host James Linton
I'm here in the bathroom adjacent to the master bedroom in the Beverly Hills Mansion of legendary field actor
Check Nicholson sir. I am honored. Yeah
Yeah, whatever you don't mind a little busy here
I understand 12 hours ago you enjoyed a delicious dinner of ribeye state with sauteed onions and french fries
Tell me mr. Jack Nicholson
Whatever became of that enchanting entree. Well, let me stand up here and I'll show you
There you see simply and crossing now. Why don't you get the
Out of here you're sick
Mike Nicholson now I don't have to ask your favorite curse word and be sure to tune in next week when James Linton visits the downstairs half bath of a claimed actress
Jody Foster well miss Foster that's an even bigger piece of crap than maverick
Thank you mr. Linton on inside the actors bathroom. Oh, thank god. Nobody was making any flexilating sounds in there. You know it?
Oh
I listen to what I screened it ahead of time. You don't think I was gonna play that something called somebody's crap in all over the place in their turlitt
Uh anyway, look at Rick Sanchez man. Just when you think all right. Oh Jay. Let's see. We got him on her yet
He's on there
Oh look at that. He's got eight already. Well, I ain't a big deal
He's got a long way to go to catch roll ricky tiki rick Sanchez 209 despised
Wayne 50 we hate you Wayne Baldy Moe's got 34 and I show him but he's slipping bad
Spooky's in a rain 19 Larry King 15 cash no 15 lead to Brian 14 glorious step on 13
Alienito's got eight oh Jay's got eight great VL5 Lindenbird Hills got five Brian or cross four january03 I got up here
Alan Courtney's got two
Uh, oh and everybody's smump potatoes after that. I got the whole bus flash show in the two editorials here now
But I'll save it for a little I don't want to get too ponderous you know, I mean
Know what do you mean too much reading a good thing is it's hot and people are like they don't want to be bogged down with his crap
It wanted to be like levity, you know, I mean opposite of gravity
Exactly
Let's see here's one from a Todd who says W had another Abu Ghraib moment of the campaign stop on Tuesday
You've got to see if you can find audio of him pronouncing al-Qaeda with an extra syllable
I heard it on a bc evening news and went kind of like al-Qaeda
al-Qaeda
Al-Qaeda had a something
See they all thought them dark folks there and kill you they thought it was pretty funny
He's talking about John and me going out raising taxes and working people
I don't know if he knows who working people really are working people are not the top one and a half percent of america
There you go
By the way leave my tax cut alone John
Andy and my me says I love you and love your show, but know you were despised by many how about putting yourself on list
I got two votes on there already and he get with it
Please play the John Kerry snooze alarm. Okay, you got it Andy
You're despised by many well so far only two and quite frankly if you aren't hated by at least a few people
And you're not doing you're doing something wrong, right? If everybody loves you. It's uh, you know what the word is
boring a that's exactly the word
If everybody loves you WQ. I am hello
You
Or yes sir
Yes, um, you know, I'm a donkey and um
Dicky farful says all the words that you can't say yeah every day and
And I'm just and you know
I will be going on there and scott the horn boy is having a little baby 902 on a later on this month
Well good for him all our best is scott the lawn boy good man. Thanks for the appalling report
Sticky farco he can still be on air see that's that Palm Beach radio thing again. It was on a Palm Beach. I
Yes, yeah
Yeah, I think he farco he's not like pbr whatever that station is that you can't hear if you're looking at the tower from across the lake
That's the one that was a fun stint for me
WQA and hello
If you want you're speaking to him go ahead sir. Oh right. I got a late breaking
uh, late breaking old. Let's okay. How about James Kennedy
Dr. James Kennedy the anxious one okay. He a fits like a rubber glove
All right, okay. My vote
Yeah, good. Thank you George. Thanks a lot palmy good luck to you and good luck to the world
Okay, would the people like dr. James Kennedy around dr. James Kennedy the crawl ridge bigoted Baptist church
Yeah, or promise our president or whatever the hell it is same difference much of glam
And for a lottery only monument to uh hate
Monument to greed. Oh, by the way your organ players are fat. I hate to break the news here
At least the one that was I don't know if he's there anymore. Maybe he walked out
But maybe he left any more
No, that's right. Maybe he got the cure. Jesus can heal you. You know that could be it involved laying on of hands
5 6 7 0 5 would you stop using all of dust lines 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and 10
Verizon wireless line
Look at those numbers man rich santa is boy. It's a good thing. He's leaving just in time
I mean these with numbers like these a lynx mob can't be far behind
Which of these people
Am I right? No question man. In fact, maybe they'll have sent his ass to lynxburg, Virginia
Hook up at old Jerry fallball max made in heaven
Which of these people do you think is the most despised south Florida personality radio tv sports uh politics uh
Fony religion hate anything you name it rich santa is 250, but he's dropped under 50%
He's dropping like a rock 49.4% like a rock rock solid
Wayne heisenga 52 Mojauer david at 35 Mo
We hardly knew you Mo how to cite out of mind. He's on vacation and they just forgot all about him
Spooky's in the rain 19 Larry King's moving up nicely. He's climbing the ladder. Don't fall Larry
He's what he's doing. He's like a connectedness suspenders to the uh to the things
What things to your thing
Okay, from over 16 OJ Simpson 15 not moving as fast as I thought he would
Probably a lot of people love to change their vote. All I didn't didn't OJ when you were a pooh yesterday
Yes, he did by a landslide. So let's not overdo it. Okay. Although in his case I'm making exception
Need a brine 14 at bitch
Gloria step on 14 alienator little elen Gonzalez has got eight
Greg do you know he's got five now. He's moving up big time glendabird hill five brine orcrods
four Alex
Penelope canya
Well, no, I wasn't at a stand, but I was trying to think of what else I always have to do now, right?
I was happy to start. No, Alice pinkish pecania remember john pinkis
No
Well, you I just made him up. Okay, janitor Reno 3. He arrived. He's three. There you go. See I'm already on there Andy
The crow three Tony cigarette was got appeared
And man, I bet you they're pretty uh crusty by now
Alan Courtney to Joey Reynolds got one Marilyn Mitchell one Miss Kamal's got one none yet for you Yahoo Josh Beckett
Why would they want to put him on there with people all like him?
Yes, can Josh yeah
Not that I know of yeah first I've heard. Well, I mean just because he's a Yahoo Southern drawing who likes to you know
P.O. Over to place. Yes, I think you're the but you're the blame all those P jokes you're telling no
Who's the one that started all of that that was your good friend Josh courtesan right there? Oh
What
You're the one that exposed all of that if I can say that you're what used to tell us these stories about him
A peon washing his hands and stuff. Where what I hear that I have no idea. Oh, yeah, right man
You talk about covering your ass. Guess what color shirt is today
P yellow P green. Oh, there you go. Probably Linda Blurbin around him
He only wishes
You're gonna die up there
Bill Miss Kamal's got one Joey Reynolds one and none yet for Sally Fitz Josh Beckett or Dr. James Kennedy just went out of there
448 not bad
We're catching a few vote on here. We got the whole buzz flash at a turtle about mr. Rugg. Are you gay? Are you a screamer?
Are you in the closet? Are you a self-hating hypocritical bag? Oh, I see
Man oh man a chevets what a piece of turd that is what that silly ass hat
What a pwn and just no scruples no principal no self-respect just a just a
Quisling to be used by all the right wing and of course he hangs with what's your name Laura angry ham and and culture and all of that crowd
In fact, maybe he's gonna be loped with Michael medved would that be a match made in purgatory. I'd love to see that
19 till noon
Here you go
That's what he's telling them dark folks
Those are the only people that are gonna benefit no matter who gets in is the wealthy and the the connected and he's at least being honest
Hey, let me be honest with you about your carpets
I mean everybody's carpeting sooner or later gets pretty schmutzie all the dirt that gets ground in there people trampling over
Your dogs and cats and all your pets doing all sorts of unmancipable things on here's the answer for you
Call dry concepts like I've been doing for over 20 years in my homes and
Sanitize those carpets and make them look just like brand new today
Dry concepts has got certified technicians who you can trust in your home. They'll dry clean your carpet
That's why they call it dry concepts dummy because they use the same idea as dry clean your clothing
Nobody else in the world does it's an exclusive panted method
And that's why nobody else nowhere gets your carpets looking as great as they do
Beware those five 95-per-room scam artists who rip you off when to get the job done because dry concepts give you a written
Guaranteed price upfront before they start doing anything
So you're gonna have to worry about them up doing a good job and
Taking on to the price in addition to which they give you rows when they finish the job you give them a check
Everybody walks away happy camper you'll look around and say holy crap
You'll say all these things and then some two so clean today entertain that with dry concepts because after they're done
Your carpets are drying just a couple of hours
They look and smell a mini fresh and just like brand new and they do a stupendous job also on your area rugs
Your rental carpets your flying Persian carpets and your poultry in furniture too
So give them a call toll-free and when you do call ask them to put you understand by list which can save you an extra
15% off. They're already unbeatable price call toll-free
1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcept.com
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions having trouble falling asleep if conventional sleep machines with settings like gentle rain and battling book
Don't help get the John Kerry sleep machine
It loves you to sleep with the mind numbing sounds of a John Kerry political speech
I used to toss and turn for hours, but now I just turn on my John Kerry sleep machine
My international strategy is centered on an argument before I know it
The John Kerry sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood from tax reform
My new payroll tax credit would restore
I'm getting so sleepy
We're in a line today
To the economy before we can lay the foundations
I'm going to make my eyes open
Leave the foundations of echo
Get the John Kerry sleep machine today and with any luck you'll sleep right through the election
I'm John Kerry and I approve the John Kerry sleep machine available wherever my sleep machine
By John Kerry
And to help with the United Nations global third there you go
Let him have it John wake up 14 to noon at 5 60 WQ I am getting back to this
Two editorials by busflash.com about miss fudge
It says drugs like all of us must be held accountable for his actions
The sexual orientation becomes an issue when it makes him a hypocrite and Republican hypocrisies are number one
Interested bus flash because it's the defining characteristic of many people in Republican leadership and media show positions
Indeed around the time that the White House committed national treason by outing a CIA operative Valerie Plame
Who's specialized in tracking weapons of mass destruction in order to send a message to Joe Wilson and the intelligence community that the Bush
Cartel was going to enforce its Omar talk coded all cost even if it meant betraying America
There was another curiously consmeared that bubbled to the surface of the mainstream press courtesy of Miss Drudge
Here's the background from a July 19th
2003 Toronto star-soura star story
Last week ABC's Jeffrey Copman formerly of CBC's the national took a direct hit from the White House
It seems via the scoreless drug report
That's because Copman a Toronto native now based in Miami gave voice to American troop station in Iraq who spoke out against the war
Rather than the peace while calling for US defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld's resignation
ostensibly incensed over Copman's world to the news tonight report Tuesday
Which was repeated on Wednesday's good morning America the White House had a dirty trickster tip gossip manga
Mac Drudge to how the reporter was up against the wall openly gay and no blindfold no less cigarette canadian
And so on Wednesday for eight minutes Drudge's headline screened ABC News reporter who filed troop complaints
A troop complaint story openly gay Canadian before being edited to read ABC News reporter filed troops complaint stories Canadian
So at the apparent behest of the White House Drudge leaks a slimeball headline that a Canadian reporter who dared to air that some American soldiers were
Disgruddled with Rumsfeld is gay
Yes, that's right. The only news in Drudge's headline was that the reporter was gay which is meant to discredit him
What if he had said ABC News reporter who filed troops complaint story
Jew there's no point to the headline except to in essence stir up the right wing white males
By implying that the reporter is this loyal untrustworthy because he's gay how much more despicable can you get
But it's the one house GOP Drudge scapegoating gutter crawling Nexus had worked here
It happens so often it's become acceptable for the mainstream press to consider discriminatory
discriminatory accusations as news
It starts with the GOP right when conspiracy character assassination squad
During the impeachment wars Ken Stars team leaked like a faucet full of holes shows up on Drudge and ends up on the television news
For the record Drudge denies that he's gay as a communist who covers gays from time to time notes
Cyber gossip Matt grudge says that he's not gay, but one thing is clear no matter his sexual orientation
He's an astie faggot
And here's part two Matt grudge are you gay
As detailed in bushflash.com report last week
Drudge played the gay card to intimidate New York publishers from putting the insane clown posse of book allegedly focusing on the hypocrisy of the Ken
Star team and other right wing junkyard dogs
Drudge was successful in bullying and intimidating Tina Brown at talk mirror max to publisher to question a sent book before it even hit the galleys
During his weeklong barrage of attacks on the insane clown posse Drudge land-based to talk mirror max for daring to disclose personal
Precadillos in his June 7 dispatched
Drudge wrote it cannot be revealed that the book the insane clown posse not only digs deep into the private sex lives and business dealings of major and minor
Clinton critics but connolly the author's working manuscript also features the rock three sexlers against impeachment players
Details too hot even for the web
Matt would have us think he was outraged by an author dubbing into someone's private life
He couldn't disclose the details of the book out of concern for maintaining a sense of propriety on the internet
Of course on June 12th
Drudge must have forgotten his prudish lives because the Dredge report headline that morning read Esther Hoss book features talking Bill Clinton penis
That's right with a horribly unflattering photograph of the president just above the headline looking as if he were sucking on a lemon
In Dredge's exclusive report on June 12th he poured on the details
Esther Hoss has created a character around President Clinton's penis according to reports a penis which will talk at express opinions in the book
And a gratuitous caddy statement
Esther Hoss will appear live at NBC's today to launch the book on July 18th
Host Matt Katie Kuerrick and Matt Lauer could ask the author why he didn't explore flowers claim that the president liked her pleasure himself with her sexual aid
Drudge revels in any gutter rumor about Clinton that he can angus Fedora had on but he transformed into a prude when it comes to his friends on the right wing
He charges the author of the insane clown posse with slaying derogatory sexlers against impeachment players
Of violating their private sex lives
But drugs only curves out of zone of privacy when his right wing pals are put out of the microscope
Thruggers like a kid at the edge of a lake on a hot summer day
Matt just can't wait to jump in except in this case he's relishing
He relishes diving into a scum pond again and again and again
But only if the Clinton or Democrats are involved otherwise he's in indignant school
Who won't allow others to even approach the murky slime
So Matt this weekend Buzz Flash asked you if you were gay or straight because of the harm that you're doing to the gay community
By supporting the right wing agenda
Today we asked are you the outrage prude who was aghashed as you read lured tales in the draft of a book about the sexual shenanigans of the
Star crowd or are you the reporter who writes blaring headlines and giddy accounts about the president's sexual organs?
Are you the prude of the warrior tell us which
Come out come out before it's too late this far Joe. K before you're burning a hell
God what a piece of turd
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T and Verizon so that a giveaway always david buster's power cards or what
Don't know didn't hear well
Anyway, I don't know how long Miguel was gonna be there. I guess till they're all gone
So maybe we still got some left
At the shell station north was 87th out in a 14th street in derail stop had to pick up your free 10 dollar david buster's power card
While they last
Evidently must still have some of the ones you'd have called said I'm going home something like that something like that or maybe
Doing the best feeling for George that I possibly can appreciate that one call it was good
Which of these people do you think wazor is the most despise south Florida personality?
Whether it's radio tv politics newspapers or whatever paperboy
Or paperboy. I wonder how crutch Stevens is doing how she lately doing what
Brian Andrews
Rick Sanchez 230 Wayne hyzenga 55 Moe Howard david at only 39 oh man you talk about the mighty of fallen
Wow, oh j simpson 23 slowly steadily
But surely see I think if you wouldn't have had that other podium yesterday
Right they would have pulled out all they'd have pulled both girls out
I think today it's like you know, he's old news. They got it out of their system
Spooky's the rate 19 Larry King 18 podcast from over 18 doing very nicely
For an old turd. I need a Brian 16 Gloria step on 15 alienito Gonzalez eight and you'll Roger's eight
Aminite had to get her to see the two of us together same person. I call the cops if I do there you go
Please cracker please
Greg VL5 Glendibird hill five Brian or cross floor
Alex Penelas for Alice Pinkus Penelas
The crow has got three old Warren Crow Marty
Channer Reno she's got three
Dr. James Kennedy three Alan Courtney's got appeared Tony C. Redo two joy Reynolds two
Maryland Mitchell one Bill C'mall one and none yet for Josh Beckett or Sally Fitz out of four radiate
That's interesting Sally Fitz. I think they like Sally
Huh?
Yeah, they're like her instruments too
5 6 7 0 5 60
Welcome pound five you know a lot of people used to think that we made those stories up
Yeah, they were all true
WQA M hello
Neil God yes sir speaking how are you sir?
I have an idea for a poll okay
Did you watch nightline last night?
No
Well, they did a big thing on all the Mexicans that are in plus him into the United States
Right, uh-huh and uh their idea was to go after
Well, the Americans idea was to go after the people that are giving them
jobs
Okay, what a concept
I was human I said what a concept I know it that and I was thinking we should have a poll on you know
What should we do about going after the people that are giving them jobs?
You know make them higher legal Americans
If double the American
Uh-huh or something like that
Right
When I love you forever
You're a chief my whole life
I've been listening to the existence. I was 19 years old
I used to be because you were fun and now I'm gonna vote this year
I can't get enough news into me. I have to read the favor watch every new shinoe. I can do the best
You're saving the world, Neil. Okay. Thanks for the look job. How are you? How are you?
Thank you. Oh, I feel I better go tell off now
Oh, look at this the former army scientist identified by authorities is a person of interest in the 2001 anthrax attacks
Sue the New York Times Company and columnist Nicholas Christoff yesterday and that's good
I'm glad he did that because Nick Christoff uh, he uh, he said some crappy things about Michael Moore
Yeah, he's not a good guy. No
I apologize
profusely
Uh, there's a column I put on there for uh, by Nick Christoff a few days ago and I apologize
I guess I didn't read the last part of it. I apologize. Yeah, profusely
anyway
Uh, against the times in the columnist Nick Christoff printing the paper defend him in the series of comes that identified him is the likely culprit
Okay, and then again they ought to I apologize
And of course we all remember right now. Have they actually caught the guy?
I know I keep asking
You know me. I'm out of touch because I'm in Toronto. I'm out of the country. I'm out of touch
So maybe they caught that guy
Can we follow the letters with all that anthrax?
Anyway, I just was looking for excuse to play anthrax and stalling for time to find it
In fact, I know a lot of guys who just stole for time to find it
The lawsuit filed by Stephen Hadfield in the West District Court in Alexandria said Christoff identified him as the anthrax killer to light a fire under investigators in their probe of the anthrax
Formalings which killed five people in sick and 17 he accused Christoff of hurling false and defamatory allegations and the times of engaging in
substandard and unethical journalism
In a series of columns in 2002 Christoff criticized the FBI
For failing to aggressively pursue a scientist. He at first identified as Mr. Z
How do you like that? Mr. Z what we just talking
He belongs behind bars
He wrote that the bio-defense community had called Mr. Z a likely culprit was buzzing about Mr. Z behind his back in part because the scientist
Was familiar with anthrax and was angered at the suspension of his top security clearance
Less than a month before the attacks Christoff a peel out surprise winning a urinalist later acknowledged that Mr. Z was had Phil
He also wrote that had failed to serve the presumption of innocence and that there was not a shred of traditional physical evidence looking into the attacks
Christoff didn't return a call to his orifice
A time spokesman said the newspaper believed this case does not have merit yada yada
The lawsuit was the latest attempt
I had felt 50 to defend himself since attorney general John Hermann garing junior right
I asked for a publicly called him a person of interest in the anthrax probe of 2002
And cost him his job and ruined his life and did all of these other minor things
Just because they had a look like they were doing something
Oh, we got Jose a pedilla and we got Steven had fellow we have all these people of interest
And then we got that guy in the wheelchair. They used to be buddy buddy with Osama. He was pretty dangerous
You see him the other day he looked pretty dangerous to me Larry flit is they were hearing him off
No, not Larry flint. And when's that Larry flit? Full coming out of that thing doesn't come out. I'm gonna be P.O.
1158 at WQM you wake up every morning in a crowded bed
Between the kids in the dog and the cats is there no room left for use
Researchers say today shoppers are choosing bigger mattresses because of overcrowding
And nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress sets ready for immediate delivery than
dial amacrus
When you call 1-800 mattress right now you get a great macro said a discount price only dial amacrus delivers 8 in the
AM to 10 in the PM every day
dial amacrus is ranked number one numero uno and customer satisfaction
There were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local courts of excellence award when you call 1-800 mattress
You'll get the best prices on the best brands delivery on your schedule and that convenient to our window that you choose
And the best customer service in the universe and dial amacrus has got all the names you know and love and covet
Seely sur to king coales Simmons tempera pete stirons of an anis foster
Everybody of Q.A. including yours truly we've been using them for a long time
And that easy call to get our mattresses you ought to be doing the same log onto their website at macrus.com or chemical call right now
They'll be knocking on your door. No time at all 1-800 mattress 1-800 M-A-T-T-R-E-S
This is mark morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M
An another thing
A little bit squeak voice how do you expect to get anywhere a little beauty view
We take you
Yeah
Oh
Why you I know my smell attract you
But unlike you
You still got such a
Oh, I feel just like that you are my
And one year to another
That's why you're so much
You know
What solid
All right that's enough cover 3 I guess that that rock solid get a lot of play around a building
That's what I'm hearing that the rumors up here show enough, but not as much as
Yeah
Oh by the way, by the way, anybody here we got check
Miriam all offense somebody see us for the pull how's that trough come must have been somebody else's fault
It was all somebody else's fault right absolutely okay. Thanks Miriam Miriam elephant is on a pull
Now let's see here's one from mark who says ps love the website, but I don't understand love please need
I don't understand this do you understand we we need more votes need we more votes. I despise them all
There was mark case everybody mark get a like get serious okay. I have no life get coherent
56705 60 pond five 60 well against thinking of compassionate conservatives
The United States yesterday rejected the UN Secretary General co-co-coffee and ins plea to inject the billion dollar years into global AIDS fund
It's not gonna happen
US global AIDS coordinator randled to buy us told a small group of reporters at the 15th International AIDS conference in Bangkok
The person has requested 200 million dollars for next year
I think there's that is more than adequate to meet the requirements of the global fund in terms of getting money out for putting programs in place
He be saying and in cold on Tuesday for the US to contribute at least a billion dollars a year echoing a plea from Richard
Feachum the executive director the global fund for AIDS to vicarlosis and malaria which needs more than three billion dollars for
2005 provide said Washington was deleting global fight against AIDS and spending nearly twice as much to fight the pandemic is the rest of the world combined
But controversy about its payments to the private fund global fund the public private global fund launched in 2002 as a brainchild of anon
Has overshadowed discussions at the 8th summit this week
Critics have condemned the US for pursuing a go at alone strategy and setting up its own 15 billion five year AIDS
Action plan rather than folding its efforts in the international body. Well, is that what we're doing with everything now
We're out the participating in the world of nations. It's us against the world. Isn't that the way it works now? Yeah, I know it. Yeah
Here's a very disgusting story
Life in bushes America. I don't want it. Well, I do. I know I'm only on twice a week now filling in for George
And so as a result I better get in my licks while I can you know, I mean did we get a call from the yellow to find out if those David
Buster's power cards are gone yet? No, well, like I said go out and get him. Okay. He's probably pretty I rate the fact that
He's not getting flooded with people of course if we knew what those were it would probably help well the people that want them
They know what they are right go for the games
They're there for the games that David Buster has brought him little games you play, you know games people play not copy
right
pencil push
By the way, thank you Tony oh thanks to Tony's I thought I was that's why I paused there
It sounded to me like somebody had a mouthful show enough by the way we're still said it's still on
It's still on okay. Well, I'm glad to find that out. Thank you Miguel
Now that I don't know how many we got how many a thousand we got
Must be what's taken so long to give them out or maybe because of the fact that it's the middle of the summer in dog days
And they're ain't nobody out there. I'll tell you there's something going on. It may be our ruby trap
I know that's a big part of it. It's getting tremendous response on our website
But man, we are just picking big gigantic hairy smelly ass, you know considering what time of the year it is
Yeah, aren't you shocked?
mildly
Oh, that's right. You're reading thanks again to Tony's over there at Northwest
Whatever it is second-avernment. I'm not in there. What is it?
one-ninety-third in 441
No
Okay, oh, it's not
Trust me. I thought it was Northwest second Avenue in 193. That is 441
No, no, it is yeah, it is another was Tony's is on 441. Yeah, I never knew that all of this time
I thought I never even thought about that very much
I thought 441 was seventh Avenue down south of the Golden Quads it is. I see but then again
We're almost to Broward County. We're almost to the
Order that takes a hook so go over and see Miguel at the shell station Northwest 87th Avenue 14th Street in Durral
Oh, that's why nobody's going over there who now wants to go over to Durral there's no golf going on right now
Unless maybe most playing with it
Stop I'd have picked up a free $10 David muster power card right now and see the lovely Miguel
He's waiting for you like to hear rid of that crap and go home
And be with his lovely wife. Doesn't he work though his wife?
Normally, well, that's right. They got a baby now. He can't afford them. They're kind of salary. He's making a QM
He can't afford no nanny. I guarantee you that. Well, what do you mean normally? Don't need no nanny when you're Cuban
I don't understand you've got a boyla's oh a boyla the a boyla's coming there checking out the kids penis
Anyway a husband and wife who wore anti-boached t-shirts to the president's 4th of july appearance aren't going down without a fight
They'll be represented by lawyers from the east you as they contest the trespassing charges against them today in Charleston
Municipal Court Charleston, South Carolina
Police took the cool and Jeff rank away in handcuffs from the event which was built as a
Presidential appearance not a campaign rally. They were wearing t-shirts that read love America hate Bush
Spectators who were pro-boached t-shirts and Bush chaining campaign buttons were allowed to stay of course
We weren't doing anything wrong said Jeff rank the couple said they had tickets just like everybody else
Said they simply stood around the capital steps were steps with the rest of the spectators
We sang the national anthem rank said the ranks hardly fit the image of rabble rouses
Jeff rank 29 has a master's degree in oceanography Nicole rank 30
Degrees in biological science and marine biology they've been married for seven years
Nicole rank arrived in Charleston soon after the Memorial Day floods
She was working as deputy environmental liaison officer for the FEMA
Making sure cities and counties have made federal environmental losses. They repaired roads and bridges
After police arrested the ranks
They fingerprinted them and took their mug shots
FEMA told Nicole rank she was no longer needed in West Virginia
I've not been fired per se she said but I was released from this job and when they release you from a job
You know longer you get paid which is a
Cute way of saying you're fired of course. They can't say that because Donald Trump copyrighted that expression
The rank started to go home to Corpus Christi Texas for the only guard as far as road out Virginia
What it occurred to them they might not be able to contest their arrest if they weren't Charleston on their court
They a phone call confirmed their suspicions so they turned it around
We've been living in motels ever since said Jeff rank who spent two digging his motel room with his wife
Their cock or spaniel fineman and their marmalade cat rower
Our road WR how do you say that roar
uh
It's extremely difficult financially we can't afford doing this so for a very long
But they both had a state and fight the charges because we don't think we're guilty since bush took office early in 2001
People have been banned from displaying anti-bush messages that dozens of bush appearances across the country
I mean, I'm gonna tell you something boys and girls anybody that supports this kind of fascism
You are a fascist you are a neo-nathy bastard you okay?
That's a much in self-destructive tool
Right just like Miss Fudgeon at self-hating a phagotry of hers
In September the ACLU filed a federal lawsuit against the secret service seeking an injunction against the administration for
segregating protesters at his public appearances
The secret service agreed that such censorship was wrong said we pulled wallzac one of the lawyers that filed the lawsuit sounds like a polo
They had an internal memo dated September
2002 simply wouldn't couldn't treat protesters differently or worse than anyone else at a presidential appearance walls
I've said the judge had any agent responsible for doing so could be held liable for damages remember walkers slaysak
No, remember fanny
How about short fat fanny with Larry Williams? Oh the echo records. I'm did all this is for book a brinder. Muse him
We have our own little show going
The secret service of the time local police is he quest or anyone displaying an anti-administration message
Usually an area is completely out of sight in your shot of bush because the secret service agreed with the ACLU that it shouldn't be doing that
The judge dismissed the case
Prior to our filing our student September we get a couple of confirmed protest zone complaints every month wallsak said
After we filed there were practically none we had two documented incidents between September and March one little rock
Arkansas and one in an oxen oxen oxen oxen oxen oxen oxen
But now lawyers like wallzac are carefully monitoring cases like the ranks and two similar incidents recently in Pennsylvania
We're trying to assess what's going on in these appearances whether these protest zones are resuming
He said we are continuing to monitor all campaign events by both republican democratic candidates
We're prepared to go back into court to see if discrimination is occurring
It's an or what a way to keep speech out of sight of though of those the speeches intended critique
We want to nip this in the bud before it becomes a habit of future administrations a bush
Most of course didn't return telephone calls he can come out of the necessity of a free speech zone
Free speech that I told my fat ass by the way seven and a half pounds and we can have I've lost
Since we had the old mommy in the box
They that sound what
No nothing gets that's how insensitive no, but at least I admit it
I never realized it. I never knew it and now you know she lived in 91 and she had a fine life and
You know it was well taken care of mostly by me and now she's you know pushing up daisies
But in the meantime, I finally discovered miraculously amazingly that I had this kind of 40-in-thing
This kind of smothering, nattering, nagging, uh, whatever. How do you want to describe it that prevented me from getting rid of that the
compulsion
That sugar urge that horrendous desire to nash
Never heard a zardini and well last can you have got a mouthful of food
We're ready to go back for seconds. I bet you are
Prove third I know what Josh is probably eating pizza with the
Seam yeah, but he's not oh, I see he's a sub man. Oh a sub man
He's a sub man and a cup fan and he hopes you are too and a good
Lottery carry to him by the way here. He's
Rock solid
Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost?
Little waste is outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business
payroll administration fortune 500 company employee
Employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that a waste is outsourcing
Can cover to help your business be more profitable? Call a waste is outsourcing two day if you'd like to get you a free
evaluation at one eight six six and oasis that's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven
With more than 60,000 employees worldwide
Oasis outsourcing understands many facets to human resource management
outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice
Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details through our friends at oasis outsourcing
So please do yourself a favor let oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable
There's no obligation if you'd like to an evaluation absolutely free call tool free
One eight six six at oasis. That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven for oasis outsourcing
Radio 560 QAM
Spider-Man is here again
To do whatever the sequel can it'll be big that's for sure
Even digger the mic the more he can't
Hope to be spider-Man
Spider-Man is in the dumps. He's not eating here's some guns. Can he eat?
Dr. Oc or will that not swing his clock to find out?
In the spider-Man
With the webs he slings he can come to your aid only fears one thing that's a thing cannot raise
Spider-Man I can't wait say to fucks at the matinee or as she furway with me
Wait for his un-VVD. Oh no
Just only up those big bucks and all the seafood goes up when he's he's fired
From 18 at 560 wQM ad dog into the hopper at four we got the big at the seven nine of course
He's rock solid etiquette ten
I think that the day van boring owes me a lot of money you want to know why what now?
I realized that these clips are you know
They're just little clips taken on a games, but he started sounding animated almost excited
Which up until I started ripping him ass he even on the clips
He sounded so comatose and it's up up in a way a home run for the marlins Michael Ool
You know now he sounds like somebody lit a fire under his ass
I think the person lit a fire under his ass was
Yours truly how do you like that so you like him now? No no
Well, no he's got a fine voice. He knows the game. He's been around a long time
I'm not I don't I never met the man. It's not that I dislike him. It's not personal. It's business
I have any problem with a guy
But the fact of the matter is that he was very boring and even you've
agreed with that numerous times belly like crazy about that
You wish somebody would wake that bastard up now what he said joy something like that
Let's see. Oh look at that Curtis in for the dog. I knew it was too good to be true
I mean the idea that mad dogs gonna work a whole week. I scorned mad dog you the man. Oh right
Oh, and we got a scam going here or what
I was going there more with your 10-day vacation
We know what that's all about let's work more money just just keep the checks coming. That's all
Anyway, I'm doing the best I can fill in for George. We'll be back on again tomorrow of course
And I'll be back next Tuesday and then briefly on Thursday because we got the next two Thursday's Marling game
Oh, yeah, love those marlins and Dave and boring
So bad news for you
A proposed ballot measure to double the state's 25,000-dollar homestead exemption can't go before voters this November
The Florida Supreme Court rule just a short time ago
But a proposal to create a six point six dollar fifteen-cent minimum wage can go to the ballot high court be ruling
The Supreme Court review citizen initiatives to judge if they're clearly explained and deal with just one subject
Those are the only two uh issues. Oh, this is I guess it must be chopped off on your website the only two issues the high court addresses
The property tax member was a bank world by a hero beach millionaire who promoted his property tax relief for homeowners
But critics argue it was really a tax shift on the commercial and industrial property and local government officials and governor
Jam Bush said they worried about the two-billion dollar price tag on the proposal the minimum wage proposal or create a state minimum wage
It starts at six dollar fifteen-cent which would double Josh's pay
But increases annually to keep up with inflation. It doesn't yet have to have many signatures needed to make the ballot
But they're working on it just like I'm sure they're still working on that thing to get the slots into the
Race tracks. Oh man. Do we need that bad?
or what?
If you could see how the people here are packed in at woodbine racetrack even on the days when there's uh
No racing going on at the time
You you wouldn't believe it you'd be flabberg hoostin, okay? Oh, you ought to see the engines
right
packed
And the engines are making all the money while the rest of the state is always
On a virgin bank. People are looking for it. That's right. They want to go have a good 10 dollars
Go well. They're all going to go bankrupt. They're going to gamble. Listen if they want to gamble
There's no state in the country that's got more gambling than Florida
Even in New York state, I don't think they got no high-wire dog racing. Do they? No
Florida we got it all we got your thoroughbred racing. We got harness racing. We got dog racing
We got a high-wire we got the lottery we got the cock fights in the sweet water in little Havana and high-lyah
What more do you need?
Casinos baby to make zillions and zillions of dollars for real money for education and things that we need money for instead of always crying poor mouth
We don't have this we don't have that people want
out of your crap by the way about only fags play the slot machines
I hate to break the news to you
But there was a very fine young man in his early 20s not bad look at either of Indian descent
Yeah, it was playing a machine next to media today besides that's that fags and old ladies
Yeah, well, he wasn't an old lady and wasn't a fang how he doesn't trust me when I tell you I can sniff one
He may have sniffed a little on that uh that
Curry side, you know, he smelled a little like he curry now. He was a nice guy and and he uh won
26 hundred bucks at about 10 minutes
gay
okay
okay
And anyway, I just mentioned that in passing because you see one thing about you being such a hard ass you live in this narrow little world
You can't afford to be going to Vegas very often unfortunately, which I know you'd probably like to go
Especially I get away from your wife
But I mean if you could see the real world a little bit more you'd understand you live in a cloistered the environment there
I know
never the less
Yeah, never less you'll full of crap
Game my ass. I'm sorry to
What a giveaway
Okay, here's the uh pull so far rich sands and we keep trying to
Drum up some competition for this guy. We just can't do it
Which of these people do you think is there was the most despised south Florida personality radio TV religion polyphate you name it
Rick sands has 254
44.5 percent hate you Rick. They can't stomach you
They find you nauseating condescending self-aggrandizing
Irritational poppice not to mention the guy that you killed in front of the state who still dead
H. Wayne Heisenman speaking of the stadium 62
Easy to see why
Mohauer david at a very weak third 43 in fact
O.J. He'll pass him like he's sitting on his ass. O.J. 40 already. He's at the 40 to 45
Anita Bryant 23
Shilke's the rate 21
Paul Kastran over 19
Larry King 18
Gloria Stefan 16
Neil Rogers 13
They'll come
Look at that. I'm right on the Gloria Stefan's ass
What a horrible thought that is
alien Gonzalez 12 I sped by him
Alex Pinkis Pinellas 9 Dr. James Kennedy of the Crowbridge bigoted churches got seven
Where anti-Semitism is their middle name Greg V. Dells up to five now and I's gone Greg see if they old country kitchen there
In fact, we'll be neighbors pretty soon the sterling country kitchen
Can you see me live in that complex of carriage hills? Oh boy. I'm taking a camera. What do you think you think that could happen?
Why not? I don't know why not
Think this is a hell of an idea. I mean, I'm an old fart. Why can't I live with a bunch of in addition? Which look how young?
I'll feel sure I'll feel like a like an and forget about teeny drop you like I'm in a sandbox
Hollywood's just fine. Got the downtown spruce and up real nice. Got a nice public stare across the street
I'm sure you wrote a brain spiffy public. I'm gonna tell you folks and this is the truth and either they don't pay me any money
They are very nice to me when I go in there
But if you got a public near you, that's where you want to live. You know what I mean by that?
Yeah, excluding excluding of course the one on Miami Beach. You know the one I'm talking about right where they have the ankle paramedics
Were you over time?
That's one of the one of the main criteria for deciding where you want to live. Is there a nice public?
Well, is there a public because they're all nice right except for the one on a colon's out?
There's another one on on park road in Hollywood also ankle paramedic city.
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, let's see now. We're gonna interrupt myself with my how many votes?
I got the Dr. James Kennedy sent me to L5 blend the bird hill five Brian or cross. She's only got four
Miriam elephant four joy rentals three Janet Reno three. Well Brian or cross. She's uh, she's uh,
kept out of sight in the closet most of the time unless there's a big storm the big blow is coming along again
Janet Reno three the crow rhymes with the big blow is got three
Alan Courtney 220 cigarette or two Miss Kamal's got one whether furry junior Merlin Mitchell one Sally fits
Finally got one Sally
And Josh Beckett has none of the five seventy seven under a wide neck. I put that under just for fun. I guess
Huh? I'm sure just to get somebody pissed off
20 sitting amazing that we can still say that. Oh, how will you still say pissed off?
And we can still play uh, huh?
What if I hit the right thing I can't even fight just can't do it isn't it something when you're under a lot of uh, yeah
It's not get me fired up when I hear someone say that. I hate when that happens
Shark
What's this fax you just sent me before I do the spot?
Shark
What is that?
Shark is
Are you having another shack attack all day long?
Here is the fact from somebody. Oh Rick and Vancouver haven't heard anyone talk about the Bush administration releasing four
Five-direhards Saudi terrorists from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for the same number of unlucky British
They were tortured to admit that they were also terrorists despised aren't the Saudis our friends
By the way gases back up to Duboxagal and our friends say they won't pump anymore oil to bring the price back down
And yeah, that was another grotesque story in fact here. They were wild about that. They were just psychotic about it
He has George and I will be in Miami next week if he wants to set up a dodgeball game
I'll be the gorilla that burns people all he has to do is catch the ball
I don't know about that but we're gonna make a box ball court downstairs
All right excellent
And I know he can put writers as the human target. Yeah, that's that that's just a clue
I don't want to mention no names for the smear the queer game. The smear the queer yeah
Although he really is rock solid when it comes to producing them dolphin game now the only reason grieper stillers. He's got a lot of naked pictures
These leaves billi-goats Greg screw in on that whole crowd even got one of
28 past noon at five sixty w.w.c.m. Do you wake up every morning in a crowded bed?
No
Between the kids and the dog and the cats and the parakeets and the
Parrot and the cockatoo is there no more left for you
Researchers say the day shoppers are choosing bigger mattresses because of overcrowding and nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size
mattress sets ready for immediate delivery than
Dilemma for some course when you call one 800 mattress right now you ought to be doing it
You get a great mattress at a discount price only Dilemma for some eight in the morning till 10 p.m. every day
Dilemma thrishes ranked number one in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the
2004 better business bureau local torch of excellence award when you call one 800 mattress
You'll get the best prices on the best brands delivery on your schedule
That's where you picked that to our window and they hop right through it and the best customer service in the business
Dilemma thrills has the complete line of all the names you know and love and everybody wants
They got Serta and Ceeley King coiled Sim or Simmons temper pete and stirons and foster hewitt
Everybody at QA and moving the sluppers have called one 800 mattress for their bed because they want a great night's sleep
You ought to be doing the same call one 800 MATT RES have a great night's sleep tonight
If you call right now and for years to come or check them on the web at mattress.com
1 800 MATT RES
Thank you pete
All right
Yahoo
Oxolid
Let's nominate
Yeah
Let's nominate
You know the party just you know the show
The nomination was decided long ago
So when they give
John can't read the night
It's just because he has more money than God is true now
That's all nominates and have a good time nominates
So I'm just gonna ask
There's no one watching it during prime time
Time to pretend that you work together or they'll be screwed come on
Then back
Democrats across the land come on
Yahoo
Yahoo
Nominates guy come on
It's nominee
You
Gary
It's time come on
This is your condition
Company 385 60 WQM
How's Miguel doing with those $10 Dave and buses power cars out there at the show station in Durral
They're still going I think they're still going
I believe so are they up up and away with the fifth dimension or would they van boring?
They still got power
All right, they got their power at the show station north west 87,000 and 14th street in Durral
Stop buying pick up a free you don't have to even give Miguel a kiss okay, maybe a little you know by the way it ain't him
It's uh Frank is that who the guy is who we got a new promotion guy Frank oh no wonder
They still I got him out there Miguel was there they'd be gone faster and you can say uh Schmidt can
Who else Frank new promotions guy flucky van driving kind of guy oh another was he replaced that fat bitch
No green no green the queen backwards. I said flucky
He's I see that we're the guy on Miguel by the way is not the promotions director
But he didn't get any more money and is usually lied to him like crazy at least I think I don't know is that correct
Oh, we don't know yet. I'm sure it is while there he's working on real can't affect the Escobar family is gonna make Greg read an offer
He can't refuse anyway move on that org which is so outstanding there's so many fantastic things has got a thing on your website
Which I just got my email
We sound like we need to hold thing, but it's just the part of it is right in our neck of the woods my good personal close friend Jim Stork
Uh, it's his dear move on memory yesterday
President Bush's effort to write divisiveness and hate into the Constitution went down in flames
BAAAMING
Republicans needed 67 votes in the Senate to pass the federal marriage man
Are they talking about Charlie Christy again? BAAAMING
That's right BAAAMING
But they only got 48 votes on yesterday not even a simple majority
It's a huge victory for people living and breathing
Despite the defeating Congress Republicans threatened now to make this an election year issue our response bring it on
Today we're highlighting four great democratic candidates who are running against some of the stasha supporters of writing
discrimination into the Constitution if we chip in a little of their campaigns
We can demonstrate that when you try to deny people their civil rights
You don't just lose a vote in Congress you lose your seat nobody wants to lose their seat back
You can make a secure easy online
Complicities campaigns right now and then it's got a link to move on pack dot org yada yada yada
It says while all four of our new featured candidates opposed the merge amendment
There also each good progressives on other issues as well
Each of these candidates also has a chance to knock off a conservative right wing politician
Moving us closer to control of the US House now the only one I want
I'm not going to waste the time with Oklahoma and Indiana and what's the whoever the other one is but
Our first candidate is Jim Stork and openly gay man locked in one of the most competitive races in the country
Jim is ranked against conservative Republican the anxious clay Shaw and Florida's 22nd District
A Democratic leaning seat that grow one in two thousand by five percent and John curious currently leading in double digits
Sturked the former rear mayor now it says here Wilton gardens will you people get it right at move on dot org
I tell you people don't know you're asked for my elbow
Wilton manners not Wilton gardens
Jesus God Wilton flowers
Wilton uh
Let it Milton
The former mayor of Wilton manners is what it should say and a highly successful small business owner
Is running in the help of a softball player too
And a close personal friend of mine once upon a time at any rate is running an aggressive and intelligent campaign in the center
presidential battleground politics for our cali florida
Wow
And make him only the fourth openly gay member serving the US House
Gloria a new one member from mimie says of Jim Jim Stork as a man who's well respected and restoring the rights for all of us
Rights there being removed by the patriarch and rights that are being denied to people do the sexual orientation
He's a man of honor and that is much needed in the US Congress you go Jimmy nice going boy
So there you go. Send him some money, please
Was that enthusiastic enough?
No, no, no take it up a notch all right. Let's take some calls here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Let's get it out of our system a little bit of that good old soft florida
Little ad hate a little bit discussed that nausea that nauseous feeling
Don't forget everybody hates somebody sometime am I right?
Right especially in South Florida everybody hates somebody all the time all the hate all the time
Which of these people do you think is or was the most despised South Florida personality of all time radio tv newspaper politics a law order
Miss order street corners anything. Here's what we got. Well, you know what we got rickson's is killing so far like that guy
WQM. Hello. I got two for your panel. No, yeah, Steve Kane and that guy used to do candy bars
Who's that I came? I want to say the bar. I'm not if you never pay you back
I can't remember oh Stan major. Yeah, okay. Thank you. I thought candy bars
I thought it was talking about the candy wrapper remember that thing. I sure did miss it. Wow. Yeah, that was a great bit. Can't play that no more
Got fine for that because it was too funny. So let's get Steve Kane on there mr. ego
Mr. Ego junior excuse me and the Stan major
Reason I say mr. Ego junior is nobody has an ego like Howard Stern
I don't I know we have a lot of Stern fans will listen to this show fine. I don't you know your title but
An ego that is just so out of control and so mammoth and so full of crap, you know
supporting all those right wingers all that time
Kissing bushes asked for a long long time kissing up to the war and all of a sudden unacceptable garbage and all of a sudden
Capitalizing and exploiting the freedom of speech issue to make himself into a martyr and to like
Get more free publicity. That's all he's all about. I mean I handed to him. He knows how to do it
And he's always threatening to walk out and threatening if Mel Carmas and leaves a whole bunch of us here at infinity or walk
He ain't going anywhere, okay? All they had to do is lick his wounds and to put them on a few more of their stations all owned by infinity
By the way, and that's it. That's all it took to keep that ego going
I mean who else in this business stays on an extra half hour every day pass when their time is up
Just because they're ego in other words they haven't finished feeding their own ego yet. See what I'm saying
Yeah, I can't I can't take it no more
WDQ a.m. Hello, Daniel. Yes, sir. How about the mayor of the toilet bowl day county
Hi, Alia. Raul Martinez. But I will Martinez man. I tell you one thing is that I love a box. You that's what the hunter said
Okay, you got him on thanks a lot. Raul Martinez. They never met a crooked in liking hi Alia
One thing about South Florida, man, and maybe a lot of other places. Well, I guess it's not just South Florida like in Chicago
Look at the Richard daily the first thick daily
I know just just like that thing just walk away, okay
Okay, I know
Stop right now. I see the problem with you is you just you just don't drop it. Okay, you keep squeezing it and holding on to it and just drop right on the floor there
That's it
good choice
Because we're under these tremendous guidelines and restrictions and
Whatever it's all a bunch of crap is what it is good old American right wing crap
But the pendulum has a way remember the pits in the pendulum ready for our Freddie pits
Pits and Lee
Or was that Elijah pits I bet you I bet you that Josh don't even know who Elijah pits is
Nah
And I fell player baby you got to get with it man. You're supposed to be part of that sports mop. He we got a QAM Elijah pits. Yes, you kid me
During the break I'm gonna go online. Yeah, you are just unbelievable. You really are your brain must be the size of a
See you. Yeah
At least he admits it
Funny till one a QAM. Hey the deals are hitting up now in the 2004 model year is winding down
How do they old gas does that you're driving if you want a new car truck that'll give you dependability and reliability
Then get your ass down at Armstrong Toyota homestead today. They're on us one 20 minutes south of the a36
They're worth the drive because they're gonna save you so much cash thousands on great new Toyota's right now
Armstrong Toyota homestead is clearing up all remaining O4s and passing on fantastic savings to you
You can lease an O4 Camry LAS it in right now 48 monthlies
There's 279 a month with no money down looking for a great truck
How about the Toyota Tacoma 4x4 can be yours and you get a thousand dollars cash back from Toyota looking for the hottest new cars around
Armstrong Toyota homestead is locally owned and operated
They'll treat you like you wouldn't believe and their service department is even over late to late weekdays
To make sure they get all your work done for you
Armstrong Toyota homestead was the first either drop of your free tires and batteries for life
And now they're the first to offer you on top of all of that free replacement parts for life
All of these things you heard me right tires batteries and free parts for life what's not to like you won't get a better deal
Anywhere on a Toyota in South Florida than this place no bait and switch no phony deals just low every day prices
365 days a year so see our buddy David rich the GM for a fantastic unbeatable deal
Armstrong Toyota homestead they were US one and two 93rd street in homestead just 20 minutes south of the a36 drive a little and save a ton
I'm that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead
And look all this is for 205
What solid
560
She was a model
But 10 on the scale
Was a fine teacher
Her methods were held
The world was a roister
But Debbie got nailed
That's why this teacher is a tram
Her lover was 14
With sits on his face oh my god
That show for was 15 he drove him all over the place oh my god
Shame on you Debbie
A newly wedged disgrace
That's why this teacher is a tram
She is a drop dead gorgeous blue-eyed angel who likes their middle school boy
They were her toy
In a back seat
Came her defeat
Won't ever be teaching
She'll now be a vamp
That's why this teacher is a tram
All right
Talk shows and comics all over the screen
That talking about Debbie
And her young teen
Butterfly tattoos with some Chinese in between
That is why this teacher is a tram
She'll make a million
On her first book
The TV movie will have us all hooked
Her 14-year-old lover
He made her a crook
That's why this teacher is a tram
Larry King
Lennon Moriel Proud
She'll be doing those shows
That's the life she chose
She's lured
But I food sweet Debbie Lefayne
Please heed your call
Please won't you teach me
Rock solid
I'll arrange the grand
Rock solid
Come on baby please be my tram
How 48 at 560 WNQ on hers
David Lakeland says how come we're not hearing anything about Bush's military records being destroyed
It's been all over our website by the way
They take a peek NeilRangers.com
It's been on her as it in time
That's our in-depth media for you
How come we're not hearing about the Valerie Plame
I mean if it was happened to Clinton would have done that
Somebody in his administration would have done that
Outed a CIA operator
Uh felony a grotesque
Violation of the law
They'd have been uh they wouldn't have stopped ever
They'd still be screaming in the oil on
But just just amazing the crap that goes on in the media
But it would put about the look how well things are going
I mean the 17 dead Iraqis yesterday
But that's that's an aberration
Everything's going really great
They got a good spy organization
They're developing over there now
So they can terrorize everybody and send to Abu Gharr
Reb
Now
Oh damn I hate when this happens
I printed something out just now
And it didn't come out
I got a blank page
Okay so I'm gonna have to go right to my website
Okay
Because Josh there is such a punk
Elijah Pitts who died in 1998
Six years ago at the age of 60
scored his first rushing touchdown
And the supermolders are running back for the green bay packers
Where he spent nine seasons before becoming a long time assistant coach in the NFL and CFL
Spent 16 years as Buffalo Bill's assistant
And in 1995 interim head coach after Marveli was diagnosed with prostate cancer
How do you like that?
He started Philander Smith College for all you Philanderers out there
Which chosen the 13th round of the 61 draft by green bay
Also played in Chicago
LA New Orleans before retiring in 71
began coaching career under Chuck Dox in LA in 73
Went to Buffalo Houston Hamilton Tiger Cats of the CFL
Before we joined the bills in 1985
Is running back a coachy doubt about abdominal cancer in 1985
In addition to which
If I can go back here a little bit
On July 10th 1998
The Buffalo bills on the NFL more in the passing of Elijah Pitts
With a uh in fact I'm gonna look at this thing
Okay
Just to give you little education since you're supposed to be a sportsman
Okay one thing about our radio station man anybody
It's like more than five years ago they don't know anybody
I mean I looked them up over the break too as a matter of fact and
He was a great player man he was a turd
He went on to six super balls with the packers what are you talking to bills
I just looked at his statistics and I'm here to tell you he's a turd
Whether he was a turd or not
Oh look at that North Carolina Bush 48 carry 45 set on the sidon
The latest Mason Dixon pool
Carrier's cozy within three points in North Carolina
Already said wow how do I do
He was a turd yeah the only thing I never say it was a great player
Oh that you turd did I
Nope, but he certainly was a well-known player in the NFL okay play the whole bunch of super balls
What's the just how many super balls is Jay Fiedler played in
Zero huh oh I see how many super balls is uh
Uh
What's his name touchy feely played in zero
Yeah, so I rest my case
Got all mighty
Let's see Joanne South Miami says how could not put the hump on the pool I've been waiting
Hey stupid! I've been waiting for somebody else to do it there you go Hank Goldberg got him on there
Oh this is bad I'm not I'm not reading this
He hates your fat ass Hank they're Joanne South Miami
Okay now that can't be that chronic Joe that's been called for 100 years with every time I hear his voice
I get diarrhea. Oh I hope it's not those
Florida presidential race Bush 43 carry 43 Nator 5. Oh my god you Nator people we're gonna have to we're gonna have to
Lock you in your house on election day. Are you people crazy or what?
Jesus yeah, they're crazy and so is he oh man
We got the whole future at a human race hanging our balance and we got five percent of these silly
stubborn
Spass holes out there
Man is Amy just headed at do they stick with the Republican party or do they break number two?
Watch the African-American turn out there gonna everybody come on on you dark folks man
You're gonna bring your relatives your kids your step-butch children you're a little gym of kids
Everybody's coming out to vote on election day November 2th, okay?
See better get everybody registered in fact all those right wings in the Baptist Church
They're rounded up and registering all those right wing religion is to uh to be sure to be voting
How about an all-in-black churches, huh?
Every every block has got how many churches in a black town
Right in every block so you better get with it
Get everybody registered because this time no matter how many votes they try to throw up
There's gonna be so many like zillions and zillions including people who died 20 years ago
And I'll tell you one thing right now mom's gonna vote again this year
Yeah, I'll find her I'll find her voter registration card now dress up and drag I'll go vote twice which is like her
Let's see Pennsylvania right now carry 46 bush 41 Nator 5. Oh, she's a wouldn't even make close to Nator word in the mix in the mix
Why he is just uh and and not only him how can people be that stupid but I still believe that as we get closer to election day
Because he only got like 2% 2 and a half percent in the last time
He's not gonna get any more than that this time
All of that could be it that could be you know
There'll be just leave it close enough so they can steal it again. Oh well
Parents promised us said
Pennsylvania. I just got through sin. I did not hear well. They're showing stable out this kind of interesting although it's only the middle of July
Speaking of gambling pledging your guts out Harris entertainment is buying Caesar's entertainment for
$5.2 billion in cash and stock and a deal that will create the largest gambling company in the world
The deal announced yesterday eclipses last month's high profile MGM
Raj merger with Mandalay resort group while setting up a battle for customers on the lucrative
Ever been in the man Mandalay
No, don't okay
The ones I don't like it for some reason
Over I you know I'm talking kitty corner of the um MGM grand
Yeah, I'll hire carry 50 bush 44 oh
Hallelujah, there isn't God. Oh
With Nator in the mix it's carry 49 bush 43 and eight are only 2 percent so at least they got a little bit of brains in Ohio
They're not getting sucked under that phony baloney self-aggrandizing ego bandwagon of Ralph Nator
Now what was I just saying? Oh, yeah kitty corner of the um
MGM grand now right across the street is New York New York. Was that there when you were there? Yes great hotel
Or you went in there now where did you stay? I stayed at the MGM and the Trappocaner
This time yeah, I'm a hotel hopper, you know
I never heard of such a thing. I like to experience all the hotels. What's wrong with that?
But you can experience all the hotels by going you mean the rooms?
No, just you know
You can experience the casinos by like hopping around which everybody with a brain does
Yeah, that's what I did. I just went from casino to
But why would you stay there? I don't know they're right across the street from each other right?
Oh my god, you better get this guy some um we help
I'm serious
But anyway, and the only time people stayed at different hotels if they book it ahead of time and like the hotel isn't available
I'm one of the nights they're gonna or two nights are gonna be there and so then you know they hop across well
Whatever well that's what happened, but I didn't mind it. Oh, well why didn't you say that?
Okay, it's they're making yourself sound like some kind of a misfit like they kicked you out one night
Because you have it in orgy in your room or something or because you were doing a whole lot of drugs or because you were tearing up the room
Like some of your athletes
Anyway
Is that my athletes the hockey player? Yeah, that's your Elijah pit. I'm sorry
Yeah, like you quit knocking the lives of pits. I
Remember what superbowl they were screaming pits pits and I said yeah, it is
I remember which game that was bills must have been it anyway. What am I talking about?
Oh a kidney corner across the street or right across from the trap of canna is where they have all the casinos I despise
The uh what's the uh the pyramid one their Luxor
The manly and you know after they built the Mandalay bay
They weren't sure that it was gonna settle properly and they they waited to held their breath to make sure that it wasn't like follow
Seriously, what's wrong with the Luxor
hated and then once they went on the corner there the circus one the alibur that
Oh man kids it's the kitty crap. Yeah, it's strictly like Disney world for uh for uh gamblers and it's chinsy
Chinsy and the food there sucks. I mean you go to a place in Vegas with bad food and you really have to search because man
There are so many great restaurants in Vegas
Am I right Josh? That's right. I mean Josh was there at uh eating at that burger joint
Now where did you eat? Oh, that's where you ate the emeralds. Yeah, that was uh
But I was a good choice because the brown Derby Niem gym is it's okay, but it's overrated and that other one
Wolfgang Schmuck. Oh man. They give you a big portion if you just a pig that likes a whole bunch of food on your plate
That's fine, but I wouldn't wish it on a hungry Kimmer or Gregory
Five C.C. The radius of yours
You win
Oh, there's this guy the real and when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping old women with painted lips around the pool
I listened to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listened to the Neil Rogers here in balance one to two hours
US-Wed coalition has transferred sovereignty to an in-roam Iraqi government two days earlier than anticipated
Here now is an excerpt from the official proceedings
This is an amazing day in the history of two countries. What's going on the United States and Iraq?
That's you and me. What are we doing here chief justice?
Mama hello
Here you go. Here you go. Why put these keys. It's all yours. What's all mine? You give me a car? No, no, no Iraq Iraq
It's under your control. We're at it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute Paul
It's too early. You got two days left and then I was going to talk to you about that. I think we should push them back
Well, no, we figure since we should get a little ahead of schedule. We're gonna get cold. Okay?
Wait a minute. I had a schedule. I don't even have shoes. I don't have no police. There's no cars. They've got to throw the rocks. We got nothing
We're gonna get out of the green zone. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, go from the green zone. You mean?
I've got deep breath and relax. I've stayed a little while. I got you the nice place. It's it's only two days. What's the difference?
It's so much. It's too fast. No, we're fine. We're gonna get out of here. Wait a minute. Don't go. We're not ready. You're fine. We are not ready. I don't own a pair of shoes.
Maddie, you're very funny. We're gonna get going. No, no, no, no. That's to be funny. Say this all while we're gonna get out. No, we're not ready. You can't come in bomb half my country
and then give me the keys and say it's all yours. But it's all coming together. It's all coming together. They shoot at me in the road.
The people are happy now that Saddam is gone. No one is happy. Look at that kid over there. Is any happy smiling over there?
That's what your president says. They love, they love, they love. They don't love.
As soon as you leave, I get one between the eyes. It's over. Well, that's why I'm leaving. I, I, I, I hurt my foot. I can walk.
I talk about a word to nail. The interim prime minister, Eli Alawahi says everything's gonna be okay.
Alawahi, wait a minute. What are you telling them? Everything's gonna be okay for this is stupid.
I didn't think he took me seriously. What are you doing? What are you doing?
The prime minister even said to me that you guys are capable of controlling the security situation.
I'm here to tell you, poor brother. We are not. We cannot control nothing. Do you understand that?
Not even my blander. Look at him. He beat himself. We can't control this. You stay. You gotta stay. Please step up. Please stay. Don't go.
Please stay. Or don't leave. This is just a stop. Stop leaving. We're out of here.
On the phone. Bye bye. Leave the guns. We're gonna die for him.
The United States of America. Glad they're help.
103 and 560 WQM. It's our big one to two hour. We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog today because, you know,
two, three days a week is plenty. And then we got to hump it for who just went on to our pull.
Let's see how he's doing. In fact, let's take a look. Which of these people do you think
is or was the most despised software to personality of all time? Rick Sanchez. Nobody's gonna touch him and who
would want to quite frankly. You know, he's about like two feet tall. How many feet? Three, one and a half.
Comes up to your kneecap. Rick Sanchez 287. Wayne Heising is 70. I mean, what kind of a no contest?
Even OJ who passed Mo like he was in a prone position. OJ's got 59. Mo's got 50. I need to brine 26.
Spooky's the rate 21. Lyrii King 19. Podcast for no but 19. Gloria Stepan 19. Neil Roger 16. I'm moving on up to the east side.
Our alien Gonzalez 15. Miriam Ella Elephant 14. Alex Pinkis Penelos.
Has got 13. Dr. James Kennedy. A bigot if we ever saw one's got 11. A rabble-rousing right wing lunatic.
Janet Reno 6. Glenn the bird heel of five. Greg B. Delphine. Brian Orcross 4. The crows got four.
Joy Reynolds has got three. Must be the god of the eyes and then Boba Boba Boba. His cousin Boba
Billy or whoever that guy was, remember? No. Oh yeah. Well, you're you're doing your
eye. I don't remember the cousin. Twenty cigarette or three. Alan Courtney 2. Sally Fitz 2. Rall Martinus 2.
Hank Goldberg the hubbers got up here. Marilyn Mitchell 1. Steve Kane. Mr. Ego Juniors got one. Josh
Beckett finally got about nice going. Josh. All right. Bill Kamaos. He's got one in stand major.
You don't have any and everybody's saying out of 681 votes. Stand don't have any people are saying who?
Oh, the candy bar guy. Don't you remember? Anybody buy a good watch lately? Any have a milky way light?
If you people were going off your duff. Come on, Josh. Get off your duff. WQM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing, buddy? Pretty good, Pally.
Then I missed your show. I'm not going to watch coast now. So I don't get to hear you that much.
But I heard this interesting story now. I would like to share with you.
Basically, it was on I heard of a radio and it came from an AP from the Washington Post.
Yeah. There's this song. There's this folder of Lee Boehring. It's by his post, right?
And they say corn through other places. They said that his brother lost shot him in the leg because
there was a rattlesnake around his leg. But no one ever saw the rattlesnake. She didn't even leg.
Yeah. But the funny thing is that the Washington Post has in the last three months.
There's been a hundred mysterious. The soldiers getting hurt. You know, when they're over here,
Lee Boehring from the war. I think it's pretty interesting. You know, the bush she's talking about,
they're all happy over there. I mean, it's like they come over here leaving. I get broken
legs and all of a sudden you got to go back. I think it's all for fun. You know, well, okay.
Well, we'll see if we can drop up some laughs for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8. Do you understand that?
You know, one thing we haven't had. Maybe you did this week since it's the debut of
Air America and the liberal, the progressive butcher craft. They got a 940 there, including the
goddess on, for 75 hours on tape, all but one hour on tape. And of course, Al, frankly speaking,
I'm not Bill O'Reilly, Frank. Do you have any spy reports? No.
No. Is anybody talking about it? I mean, we were starting to have that one earlier,
which I thought was a real one. That turned out to be rapid jauness again. So who needs? I mean,
we like this spy report. We just wanted from him. By the word facts. What said they suck?
Oh, well, we knew that. WQM. Hello. Yeah, I talked Neil speaking. Hey, Neil, I know this is a
film. What about Sheriff Navarro? Nick Navarro is the next one.
Surprise. He never made it. Well, he made it now. And the sports day.
Oh, yeah. The favor of the sport. No, she wouldn't look.
She was the star of Duncan Donas. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot, Sally.
Nick Navarro, you got him on air? Navarro.
Please go in a way. Navarro.
He's the cause of so much grief and sorrow. He yesterday.
Navarro. Navarro. He's leaving.
Navarro, but he's just a good step away.
What solid. 108 at 560. Nick Camaro, I get some votes.
I remember that night I was eating dinner at Ruth Christian. He was sitting there at the
table across. And I saw him and he saw me. We kind of like a wave. And then I forgot he had been
there and on a way out. I wasn't trying to be rude even though I can't stand him. We hate each other
like poison. I wanted to stop and shake in his head and said hello, but I forgot he was there, you know?
Yeah. But seriously, I really did. I wouldn't make that up if it weren't true, but I'm glad I didn't
stop and shake his hand. I don't worship me at any time. Make us nauseous, Nick Navarro. Okay,
Nick is your disgusting speaking of fascist. Oh, speaking of fascist, list of bushes,
teams lies. Keep growing since the Madison, the capital times. I don't believe it.
This isn't very long or ponderous. Supporters of President Bush insist that despite the
problems be setting as administration, at least he's brought morality back to the White House,
contrasting him of course with his predecessor, Bubba. I guess it depends on, says Dave's
wifeful, what your definition of morality is. If lying is immoral, then Bush surely has nothing
over Clinton. Clinton lied about his a favorite moniker when scheme was nearly tossed out of
office as a result. His insistence they didn't have a relationship with that woman was
pounced on by the likes of Kenneth Starler, Republican, Majority, and Congress, and Milfer
everything was worth. The, this cabal and the Clinton haters among them, see to this very day.
Somehow, I'd rather have a president who lies about his personal sex life than one who lies to
get us into a war where hundreds of young American men and women die, thousands more suffer serious
injuries, and precious taxpayers' dollars are squandered, relegating programs for America's
own needs to the backburner, along with the real war on terror against Osama Yamama and Al-Qaeda.
The only real casualties of Clinton's lies were his own domestic relationship in the
unfortunate impact on young Monica's own life if only Bush could say the same, but lying has
become pervasive among the Bush crowd. Just a few days ago, the Inspector General for the
Department of Health and Human Services confirmed that the administration purposely held back the
true cost of the convoluted Medicare prescription drug bill from Congress. No laws were broken,
he said, but indeed Thomas Scully, the administration's Medicare chief at the time,
as they named Scully Square after him, threatened to fire Medicare Actuary, Richard Foster,
if he gave two cost figures to Congress when it was debating the bill.
Indeed, the administration-log Congress to whack under false assumption that the cost of the
Medicare bill would be $395 billion over 10 years when it knew the real cost was $534 billion.
Democrats who fought the bill are outraged. It sounds as though the Bush administration examined
itself and powdered it nothing wrong, half-represented Pete Stark or California, in relation to Jim Stark,
who fought the bill for being too generous to the powerful pharmaceutical operations, but many
Republicans aren't happy either, especially those who consider themselves physical conservatives.
The question remains, how many lies can this administration get away with? 30,000.
Just like they keep insisting, Tony Blair comes out the other day and says, well, we met well,
we never stole a freight train, but it was flawed intelligence and all that stuff we told
it was a bunch of crap. It was all BS. No weapons, no threat, no imminent threat, no 45 minute
attack waiting, it was all a bunch of crap, but we met well. And there's still talking,
Cheney and Bush, there's still talking, there's still going, there's weapons there, and there
was a connection between the United-Element Commission comes out and says there was absolutely,
positively, no connection between Iraq or Saddam Hussein and 9-Element, and the Cheney still keeps
this split in the same crap, I think his pacemaker must be stuck. God, I got to play that.
He is just such a... oh, I really do.
Such a crook, such a liar, such a piece of truth, you turn to the crappy heart.
I'm dying off a head.
Hope it don't explode.
He has the vision.
under his control while pushing jogging, thick stanza clogging and that's what happens
when your heart is old and it's full of hope.
Yeah, the chain is not a heart that's old.
Rock solid.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He'll keep on working till his heart is cold.
Hey, we got track in case you missed it.
He'll keep pretending that his heart ain't old.
But it's really old.
He is the major chigger in a wood pile, Dick Cheney.
Make no mistake about that.
113 at 560 WDQM.
Let me tell you right now about the pizza lot in Davy.
They've been doing it right for a long, long time.
And now they can make you an offer you really shouldn't refuse.
It's a money back guarantee.
That is correct.
Either you get the best pizza at the lot in town or they give you your money back.
Jeff Cohen, the entrepreneur, the chef, the owner and the egotist at the pizza lot.
Guarantees, you'll be thrilled with the food at the pizza lot.
He's so sure you're going to love with his three different kinds of great pizza
that he guarantees you the best pizza in town to give you your money back.
In fact, as you drive it around, you look up in the sky and there he is, Jeff Cohen.
You listen to the show, there he is.
You open the door in our studio and there he is.
He's everywhere.
The best pizza in town are your money back.
After 27 excruciating years in South Florida, pizza lot has earned a reputation
for consistently great quality food and service far beyond expectations.
Not just another pizza joint, but a fantastic restaurant where they give you big, fresh portions.
Everything is cooked order.
They got the best garlic rolls in town.
They got every kind of pasta dish ever invented and the lots more, too.
Jeff is inviting you to stop by pizza lot today.
Take him up on his offer for the best pizza in town.
And I guarantee you, I'll bet you George's life on it.
You'll become one of the regulars there, too.
And now they offer you a balanced for life zone diet menu items as well as whole wheat pizza and whole wheat pasta.
The pizza lot in Davie, you'll find him on university driving a pizza lot of plaza right between Griffin and the 595.
And pizza lot is open every day, seven days a week for lunch and dinner.
They deliver to most of Southwest Broward, fantastic catering, too, for those 5 bucks ahead.
And those 5 bucks ahead.
I don't forget they got lots of people parking there too right in front.
Oh, I heard that they're redoing that plaza by the way that I ever mentioned this.
How many times?
I would say.
Oh, seriously, they're redoing the plaza and Jeff has gotten some, I don't know what they'll never find it.
He'll find it.
Pizza lot, column at this number for delivery, take out catering.
9.5.4.916.8880.
916.8880.
It's legendary. It's the pizza lot, come with a money back here and take.
Oh, my name is Neil Gawr.
Here's sports radio 560.
QAM.
Got your breasts are beautiful.
And I'm the big O.
What's that stand for?
Four gather?
No, that's just short for Orlando Blue.
You don't look, Julie.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Now Neil's gonna rip me for four hours.
Well, I've been asked to keep distance, wrist confidence.
But in case you wonder why we're here, Joe got suspended.
Joe got suspended.
Well, maybe we should take this call from our special guest, Roberto L'Awango.
Hi, I'm Roberto.
You know that I'm the voice of the Panta's now.
Yes, I'm sure that's squeaky voice guy that goes by all the time.
No, no, no, no, no.
You got me confused with a character on another show.
That's not me.
I have children in those.
Do it, do it.
You have a funny name.
Yeah.
I'm just gonna get caught up on you.
Do it, do it, do it.
Do it, do it, do it.
We take it into that right now.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Hey Joe.
I don't watch what you're doing with your dead thing in your head.
Come here.
I'm gonna crush you if I can do that.
One twenty a.q. and the thing about suspensions, of course, that goes back to Greg Readen, his juvenile mentality.
Like the sandbox mentality, the whole radio station operation.
Sandbox.
Kids in a sandbox with a pale on the shovel.
I never worked at a place in my life.
Anywhere.
I've worked at how many radio stations.
About 30 men.
Where there were so many suspensions.
Oh, this one got suspended because he looked at Greg Crosside or because he talked nasty to screw in or the water now.
See, it's like juvenile jury all over again.
Like Ding Dong School without Francis Horwich.
I've actually judged on who Francis Horwich is.
You're ready about that?
Yeah.
Oh, come on. Ding Dong School?
Yeah, here old-timers talking.
Yeah, that's right.
Old Farts know that stuff.
But Elijah pits my God.
That is the screen.
Then he's trying to walk you stunk.
I looked at his stats.
Is that radio station man is just like a...
And of course, what do you have to do with Jack?
Do you have anything to do with Jack?
No.
I rest my kitchen when we're talking about him for.
That's it.
That's all we need.
That's all we need.
WQA and Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I got a couple of spy reports for you.
Okay.
I don't know if anybody told you, but when you played the I hate the bird bit this morning.
It did not get dumb.
Oh, well.
Well, we give our best shots.
Sure did.
And I did hear that word also on Air America this morning.
Oh, well, if they can say what we can say it.
Hi, that I agree.
Too bad they don't play fart sounds yet.
And maybe that's the next thing.
Then we can get it back.
Right.
I think that's the deal.
If Air America plays fart sounds, then we can get them back.
Okay, well, I'll call and request that.
Okay.
Anyway, it's really not that bad.
I don't think Air America, the guys in the morning can be kind of amusing.
And it's interesting because it's stuff that I agree with just like you.
You know, I could never listen to their rush because I hate everything that he says and everything that he thinks.
But, um, Al Franken, you know, if he's interviewing somebody, it's interesting.
Like he had Carl Heiss and on the other day.
Oh, God.
Oh, gee.
Oh, oh, no.
Carl Heiss and oh, my God.
They were talking about voting machines.
Oh, you know, it's funny that you should mention that because I was thinking a couple of days ago.
I don't know what made me think of it back in the INZ days when they first put me on in the daytime after being on a night for a long time.
And I remember one of my early issues.
I had Tom Feetler and Carl Heiss in from the Harold.
And all the years I was on, I can't think of a more boring coma inducing show.
I think so.
Oh, so better him than me.
It's all I can tell you.
Anyway, when he's with a guest, he's not too bad.
But when he tries to do something funny, like he does impression sometimes of Dick Cheney and the other day was doing strong sermon, it gets really, really old fast.
So that's really hard to take.
But other than that, it's not too bad.
It's, it's listenable.
And when there's nothing else in town, that's all you got.
So, but Randy, the problem with Randy is, today,
they played the same code that they played yesterday.
All right.
Nice going, Pete Volger.
Oh, right.
Oh, man.
She's channel rules, man.
Yeah.
But no question about it.
And after I immediately turned that off.
But the one found with her, and it's the same thing when she was being funny back before she became the liberal guy.
Before she decided to say the world right.
Right.
She does the same thing.
If she does say something funny, she'll say it over and over and over.
And it's, that's like what my, what my husband does.
You know, it's okay.
I'm not going to laugh because you'll just keep saying it.
You know, like a little soft, more it's hit.
So, but he's, he's Randy.
She's all she ever was.
There you go.
Well, that's just it all again.
Wow, wow, but I hope that it is successful to tell you the truth because word has to get out there
and we're being taken over by the right wing.
And it has to stop.
So, good luck to all of you.
Well, if I thought they were going to make any difference, I'd say, hey, how will Luya?
But I don't think they're going to make a, who's worth a difference?
Well, the only thing is it's something different to listen to.
There you go.
Because N.T. argues a little boring and how and if sometimes too.
Yeah, but he can't have too much force. Don't forget that.
That would be a great, great day.
Okay.
See you, bye.
Can't have too much shack.
It's all shack all day.
We got shack and we're back.
They hate to hate to hate.
We can't beat the heat.
What a phony bunch of, oh man.
It's just, it's just amazing, unbelievable.
And of course, to show you how very narrow the town is because when a passage got Pavel Burry,
just, just like when Josh said, the body lodge of pits, who, who that?
It was the same thing with Pavel Burry because in South Florida, how do we have a hockey team?
How is it possible?
Man, oh man, you should find Alan Cohen and tell him for 20 million, you'll send him some primo real estate in the middle of the Everglades.
In fact, we'll give him a discount.
I'll buy 10 million. We'll just split it three ways.
Brother, a hockey team in South Florida, they wouldn't know Pavel Burry from Pavel of the Dog.
Pavel Burry's got a huge pair.
Well, I'm sure you've seen him.
There's Randy Declan-Molar, another silly person.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQA, hello.
How may I?
Yes.
Hey, for your poll, how about the lovely, the beautiful Kathy Willett?
Oh, Kathy Willett, so well, there you go.
Nobody, I don't like Kathy with all of them, I modeled the things on her skin.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
Kathy Willett's, I'm curious, huh?
What?
I think that's dropping it.
We got to think we can still play it.
Hey, Neil, it's true.
I can't have an orgasm just driving down I-95.
But only if you're driving beside me.
What a grotesque thought.
No, she's got that, what do you call that?
That modeled scale?
You know, fried hamburger flesh.
Yeah, that's her.
I know.
It's just 420 on the ice today.
You weigh him.
Now I-95!
Oh!
In the criminal justice system, there is a threat so grave, so terrifying, so skanky,
it requires an elite force of investigators.
It's law and order.
Courtney Love Unit.
We got to suspect who matches the description.
Stragally leeched hair, slept makeup, dressed like a hooker.
She's stumbling under speech and slurred.
Gold Tours 2?
Yes, sir.
Just as I thought, it's Courtney Love.
Let's roll!
No miss, law and order.
Courtney Love Unit.
Oh!
Freeze, Courtney Love!
Hey, back off, copper Earl!
Whip it out!
Oh, no!
She's gonna flash your breast again!
Take cover!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, nasty!
Stories ripped from today's headlines.
About a pseudo celebrity who's always ripped.
Law and order.
Courtney Love Unit.
Now you'll get the punishment you deserve.
We're putting you in the hole.
Paul!
You mean you're putting my band back together?
No, that would be punishing everyone else.
Law and order.
Courtney Love Unit.
Fighting crime has never been this unclean.
131, man.
She is just a pathetic tragic.
There are no words to describe that bitch.
Nasty.
Just, she needs to be put into like Terry's law, you know?
Yeah, just put her right next to Terry Shival and see if she
can help her ass out.
Hmm.
Real estate developer and top democratic political fundraiser, Charles
Kushner of Livingston, New Jersey was charged by federal prosecutors this week with conspiracy
obstruction of justice and interstate promotion of prostitution.
All right!
The charges were announced by US Attorney Christopher J. Christie for New Jersey.
Chris Christie.
I wonder if he's kind of Luke Christie.
In fact, I wonder if Josh knows who Luke Christie is.
No.
Luke Christie?
Luke Christie.
No.
Don't act surprised.
Should be surprised, I know who he is.
No, if you didn't know who Luke Christie was, I mean that would be...
Let's be for my time only because I asked you to listen before my time.
Well, we better get Josh there and listen to Magic 102 points similar these days when he does something
really bad, just took him up to a chair and crank it up real loud.
You'll have the righteous brothers until he's got even the dead one coming out of his
back home years.
In February 2003, Christie's office began investigating Kushner for alleged violation of federal
facts and fraud statutes and for purported violation of federal campaign
contribution laws.
According to the indictment, two of the cooperating witnesses in investigation, a very
couple described as close relatives of Kushner, provided information against him to federal
investigators.
The indictment alleges that Kushner initiated a scheme to orchestrate a court, I am sorry,
a covert, videotape seduction of the cooperating male witness in an attempt to thwart the investigation.
The indictment says Kushner recruited two individuals to hire a woman to have sex with the male
witness and later instructed them to mail the video tape to the man's wife who was the other
cooperating witness in the investigation.
Benjamin Broppman, Charles Kushner's attorney, calls the charges baseless.
Charles Kushner is one of the most respected menace leaders in the community and widely known
as a generous philanthropist, Broppman, said in a statement, the charges filed are entirely
basely audio.
So there you go.
There's a Democrat on a hot seat for being a pervert, a violator.
Oh, and speaking of that, the other way around, Democrats to the Republican Party State Committee
and New Hampshire and its former executive director over the jamming of telephones set up to take
calls from Democrats seeking rights to the polls on election day 2002.
This is the administration.
These are the people that we're going to bring morality and decency back to politics.
Remember that?
The compacts of conservatives who want to do gay bashing because they want to have you think about
anything except all the people dying in Iraq and all the lives they told everybody?
And all the people out of business out of work?
The lawsuit also names the head of a telemarketing firm has been charged in a separate federal
investigation with conspiring to jam five telephone lines at Democratic Party orifices.
This week, Dirty Politics has no place in our electoral process.
Oh, yeah, what a joke.
Said State Senator Lou Dillesandro.
Ovid Lamotanyye.
What kind of a name is that?
Ovid.
Ovid, Ovid Lamotanyye.
Attorney for New Hampshire Republican Party said the lawsuit disrupts the federal investigation,
confusing and orderly and appropriate process.
The lawsuit seeks an injunction preventing the GOP from engaging in illegal activities in the
telephone lines for getting voters to the polls in 2002.
Prosecutors say the lines were jammed for about an hour.
Says here for about one hours.
Says the AP.
For about one hours.
Oh my God, when that lady tells me that he had a crawl highest in the other day, all I can say to that is,
Oh my God.
Gosh.
I mean, you talk about terminal and coma inducing.
Let's have a bunch of writers on.
How about Bob Woodward?
Let's get him on to talk about the sec criteria of state.
Okay.
I mean, there are just a lot of people who are very brilliant people.
They're good writers, but they just can't articulate and they tend to be a little boring and ponderous,
especially when they talk about the sec criteria of state.
Secretary of state.
I think his lady was talking about.
Now, what is this thing you just said to me?
Have I seen this?
What do you do when some morons criticize you and a news report?
If you do us attorney for the Southern District of Florida, the top federal cop, the answer is these.
You black ball the news reporter.
No, I have not seen this.
This is what it says.
Page one of six.
I only sent you two because that's where the link is on the second page there.
Well, I'm not going to go through.
Are you thinking I'm going to read six pages here?
No.
When you us attorney general John Ascroff visited Miami two weeks ago as part of an Asian-wide blitz to promote the Bush administration's war on terror,
he should a scary warning.
Multiple available streams of intelligence.
I wonder if Josh Beckett is found where those streams are.
Multiple available streams of intelligence indicate the West that Al-Qaeda plans to attack the U.S. this year and to hit us hard, he declared.
The USA paint-through act is working to protect America lives in liberties.
And it makes it possible for us to bring charges against individuals that threaten the U.S. and our security.
In anticipation of Ascroff's Miami appearance, his host, U.S. attorney, Marcos D. Jimenez, no relation to Jose Jimenez, issued his own warning.
Though this one was directed at a local news organization, not the nation at large, and though it did not concern terrorists, it was chilling in its own way.
Jimenez instructed his special counsel for public affairs, Carlos Castillo, in a relation to her birth, or Castillo, Jr., to phone in some extraordinary news to Channel 6.
Ike Siemens, that old hack.
Senior correspondent for the NBC Own Station would be banned from Ascroff's June 30th news conference.
Stop turning, man!
At the Federal Justice Building in downtown Miami, he said, if you send Ike, he will not be allowed in Reconcert WTVJ, Rasperson, F Newsiew, Vent Milley, Miley, whatever name is, who took the call.
She said she responded to Castillo, that's shocking! Shocking, as in...
Oh my God!
You can't really dictate to us who will send a cover in the event. I asked him what his issues were in my wing. He would even try to go down that road and talk about a past story.
Oh, this goes on forever.
About Siemens did this, an NBC news hire him as a principal correspondent in Latin America, when spent several years covering the Bloody Civil Wars in Nicaragua, El Salvador, and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, just whatever.
Jimenez looked uneasy, but held his position when I lose confidence in somebody because of the fairness of his reporting, then that's something that needs to be hashed out.
Vogueer then informed Jimenez that had Siemens been in town, he very likely would have shown up.
So I guess they sent him on vacation. He's a long vacation anyway, you're an old hack, Ike, okay?
I don't blame them as much as I despise John Ascroft, and all the Nazis around him. I don't blame them for not allowing you there, okay?
I wouldn't let him anywhere near me or my house or my dogs if they were still alive or even now that they're dead, even my mother.
You're an old buddy, Dutty, you're an old hack. You and Mickey Ererson have a great life. Well, I bet you he's all whipped up now that we got Shaq.
Y'know what I said we? We got Shaq, alright. We got Shaq, alright.
Shaq is Shaq, Shaq.
Oh man, play the whole thing.
Shaq is Shaq. Shaq, Shaq. Shaq, Shaq.
...shag, shag, shag, shag, shag!
Shag, shag, shag, shag!
Shag, shag, shag, shag, shag!
Shag, shag, shag, shag!
Don't be too immature, shag, shag, shag!
Yes! Shag, shag, shag, rock, rock, rock, rock!
Look who's here.
It's Shag!
Ooh, who's here? It's Shag!
Shag, shag!
I don't care about any of you people, I just spend your money.
Yeah
Give me your money
Oh, that's it. Oh, okay, well, I hit this moment especially the property kept seeing Jack I like that a lot
I'm only one tell two Curtis Stevenson for the highly overworked him added to two
David's a bitch
Welcome to 60 minutes and then mother
Seated across for me is America's 40 second president William Jefferson Clinton
He's just written his memoirs and for the next hour. I'll be a
Whoa, whoa hold up there, Dan. What the hell is going on here Dan? Where is Leslie Stahl?
Leslie Stahl. Yeah, where is he?
I specifically requested that I be interviewed by Leslie Stahl
Come on quick play this you hide somewhere come on. Oh, no, baby bills here
Sir, I believe Leslie Stahl is on assignment say what I want Leslie Stahl
She's supposed to wear a sexy little skirt a skirt. Yeah, and no pantyhose. What I like that bear leg work
Mr. Clinton Leslie Stahl is not here damn
Well, is there any way I can get you to wonder if they she works for CNN?
What about Maria Bartolomal? Mr. Clinton please. Paul's on no solid out of Brian. No Carol Pustella. No
Debra Norville no Christie moves imagine no nor all Donald. Nope. Ashley vanfield. No can do
Campbell Brown not gonna happen. Oh, what about that hot blonde chick from Fox News? Oh, you mean Laurie do
Yeah, oh man. I'd like to Laurie do her please Mr. Clinton fun you win and then you've finally come to your senses
Just bring me Greta van Sustrin on a paper bag Mr. President. That's enough none of those women even worked for 60 minutes
All right, all right. I know when I'm beat. I guess I'll have to celebrate
Fifth of Jack Daniels and Andy Rooney
Ever notice I'd rather start a something looks like Keith Jackson. It's amazing to me 144 or 16 to
560 nobody can hear that
Mike did cuz not gonna run for you. I sent it in Illinois
That's how desperate the Republicans were because of the other guy who had like a little hanky
Panky problem going on here, but at any rate so Mike did cuz this is
He says I can't stand the fags and this already makes me want a gag, but nevertheless
And he probably would have won
After seeing a way our old pulled off that crap in California because America is just obsessed with that kind of person. I apologize
Yeah too late
obsessed with the celebrities in the sports heroes. I apologize
You're on I apologize
Yeah, although he is rock solid. That's what Maria said
That's why she don't have a chin anymore. She used to play a mean chinball that Maria. Well speaking of that
Georgia's gonna be doing it four hours on console hockey tomorrow as his follow-up to that show on Fuzball and the Shmere the queer
That's right, which I can't wait for that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon
Wireless line rolling along singing the song. Oh, I'm so pleased that that lady called it and tell me that Al Franken was interviewing Carl
Heisen that makes my
Innerd's tingle man, you're gonna have to roll the sugar right through my welcome, huh? You're gonna have to get you a GE super radio with the tape deck
Man, here's our only call if Q.I. Am hello. Hello. Yeah, can I talk to Neil and Bob?
Neil and Bob
No, Neil can I talk to me. It's picking
You yeah, I really know you're so man, but I got a couple I got a couple things to say my first of all
No
Look at that up this one, but I didn't want I think all this talk about that good
First thing I like to say is George doesn't do a good job, man
But I don't know sometimes a little anal but I really enjoyed the show yesterday about
Neil his wife and you know the whole
Verva thing advertisers for velvet and all that stuff that was pretty good
But I think Neil come on man, you know what's Jack is coming to town and he is
Gonna pay from your bills. He's gonna put money in your pocket
You're gonna be some of my bills
Yeah
Give me the box where I sent him now I'm all for it man. I didn't know that
Dude man now that I know Shaxle be paying my bills. How much your just car payment will he pay that?
Get money out of doing his bitch about that
Yeah, there you go. He'll be probably the check. Don't have to come to town. I get out of here. Okay, you silly person
I just make my skin crawl
Jack is gonna pay my bills. Oh, man, you know, this is the problem with some of you a dark folks out there
Holy moly man. They're like you know what like Reagan said he was gonna like solve all the black unemployment problems by having like
7,000 NBA teams it just didn't work out I
Mean what you be talking about man. That was really say he's gonna pay some my bills
See he can please any wasn't gonna talk about check, but that's what he really wanted to talk about with Sha
I thought this could be the ones show on this station where we can get through for a solid hours
What about some goofball silly ass call around there talking about Shaq and Shaq's gonna pay my you can take Mickey
Erison you can take the Miami Heat you can take Pat Riley would his slick down greasy here
You can take Shaq and all that other huzzarai and you can stick away to Mundo and China, okay?
Man, I didn't care about the NBA or the heat or Shaq before any of this happened and I could care less now
You know he's paying bills, but we're see how even while he's paying my bills. We're supposed to care about Shaq
Holy man. Well, but he is rock solid no question about that
This I'm serious the sports nerds. No listen
This is like this radio station 20 hours a day exception of 10 to 20 hours a day. This is like a on-the-ear mental institution
All the crazy I'm not that we don't have our own it's a different variety. We have our own garden variety not case
But I mean all these sports not just sports nerds, but I mean way be whatever is beyond that
I don't know what the category is but way beyond that
See Josh if you don't know a lot of pits. You're just you're not gonna be allowed to be in that category
And you're not gonna be allowed in a rub right in the fraternity. What will I do?
Consul hockey
Ragn tag that's for sure. Yeah, or certainly should be the queer
That was special WQAM. Hello
WQAM. Hello
Speaking hey, hi
Great show. Great show. Yeah, I was thinking I was thinking about this Warner Rath in a human
general person
In world for one. Yeah, remember the name. I don't remember him personally. It was a little before
Yeah, a big mustache. I know that yeah, well, you know, I don't understand why we don't try something like that today
I mean, you know because he had lined up 50
bombings and world war one and he shot 49 of them with bullets coated in pigs
Why then yeah, there you go. That's a good idea five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Oh, well, maybe we can find him in Pershing Square, you think
With a Persian cat. There you go. WQAM. Hello
If you're gonna be my bill, can I apply to work at WQAM? Yeah, absolutely. In fact, you can work for the heat
Beautiful. I'm right. I'm gonna raise me right over. No problem. We'll give you the PO box
In fact that guy to call me four a couple of calls ago that were our rocket scientists
What he's gonna be doing is he's gonna call it later
I think they're in Curtis's show for the mad dog and give us the PO box that you can say it all in fact what you can do
You know how a lot of people do it like you do direct the
Direct deposit director you pay right off the in fact just forward it all the way Shaxx PO box will be given out exclusively here on QAM
Hi, this is Jim love your show Neil love you
You
Said
Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy
and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and
Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jim and Jimmy and Jimmy and Riley and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jim and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Tom
Oh
Oh
Sport radio
Jimmy
Oh
Get that castellokin in his sweep up the ashes with him out of here man, you know
No cannibalism to sport too, you know
What's that got to do with Jimmy and Danny? Well, that Jimmy and Danny that's right
Jimmy
Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Jimmy
Wow, we don't want to say it's a one-dimensional town. It's like more of a two or three dimensional town
Jimmy and Danny and Jack
821 votes on the pull not bad and let's add Alex Bennett somebody says you got a facts on that
That's a good choice Alex Bennett reviled and turned tail and took his little
Miata and went to Wimping back to San Francisco where he ultimately got canned there too. How do you like that?
Oh
Talk about week Alex Bennett weak Wimpy, but he used to be on television
Anyway, here's our poll today. Which of these people do you think is or was living or dead the most despised
South Florida personality of all time covering all fields including even strawberry
Rick Sanchez
330 votes
40.1 percent don't forget he used to pay our bills
And that has got to be one of the most
Call I just couldn't take anymore couldn't handle it. I was just overwhelmed by it
Because the best part of it is he'd be serious
Wayne Heising the 82 second place, but at this and second and just hanging on by a thread over OJ
Who's gonna pass Wayne like he's in the prone position also OJ's got 78 is moving on up
Maybe to your hood pretty soon what a thought
Moe Howard David in 57 a respectable fourth, but certainly slipped off of the
Perch that he used to hold exclusively and
Need a Brian 28 spookies in array 23
Paul Castronoba 23 Gloria Stefan 22 Larry King 22. That's a popular number because Maria elephants got 22 near Rogers
I only got 20
