King is dead long live the king. Did you know the king was dead the king of pop the king is dead
All right
We're a queen. Right
Lwife
are
the
i
might have to make
Council says, Candelisa will testify in public under oath.
It came into the pressure, huh?
So all of this crap about, oh, but it's principal
of it's about precedent and we have a bad president
and all of this other stuff.
Well, we know we have a bad president.
But-
And being Candelisa Rice up there, while they have certainly
been under this enormous political pressure,
because Democrats and others have said that they don't want
to, that this perhaps might be showing that she has something
to hide and also questioning why she will go on
television shows and not go under oath and testify about-
Yeah, if everything is so top secret,
I'll come, she's on 60 minutes and eat the press
and face the nation and face the other this.
How come that?
So now all of a sudden under enormous pressure
from the public and the everybody else,
Candelisa, she says, I want to testify.
Under oath no less.
Under oath?
She is a nasty, miserable, hateful cell is what she is.
Lying bitch.
Anyway, got some bad news.
Well, first of all, the king is dead.
I don't think I'm ever going to be the same again after.
And I only found that my bad luck, you know.
Yeah, you're sitting here right before the show
and I'm channel surfing and there on the IFC,
which is one of my very favorite channels,
independent film channels.
You're a lot of good flicks and a lot of good little
documentary kind of pieces.
And it was called Taking Care of Elvis.
And I thought, what could this be?
Taking care of Elvis.
And he did.
And it's a documentary showing a pilgrimage.
And that's the word they use.
The pilgrimage of a large group of Australians to Graceland,
to worship the king.
That's re encouraging.
And I have seldom in my life seen anything
that made me want to just hurl so bad.
Oh, God.
It was just, I mean, they're just ain't no hope.
They're ain't no hope, man.
Everything is occult.
Everybody's worshiping this one in Jesus and Buddha
and Joseph, right, Elvis and this one and that one.
And I think what they're all really desperately
trying to say would say could do it about a second would be.
I have no line.
Right.
Get your own life.
Quit worrying about Elvis.
He's a, can you imagine how he must smell by now?
Wow.
Right.
Pretty raunchy in that box.
Oh, brother.
I don't know what to say anymore.
Just that that just erased any little ayudo
of hope that I had for the human race.
Well, at least they were all Australian.
And now let me ask you how many now that Alistair Cook has
died?
How many people do you think you're going
to be flocking to his graveside?
Well, me for one.
Yeah.
Bad news, Alistair Cook died.
He died?
The broadcaster who epitomized Highbrow TV
as host of Masterpiece Theater and omnibus before that.
And whose letter from America was a radio fixture in Britain
for 58 years has died.
He was 95, which certainly is old enough.
He did have a bushy eyebrows, didn't he?
I think 90's old enough.
Yeah, him and Andy Rooney probably had the busiest eyebrows.
I'm Gene.
What was the guy, Gene Shallot?
Roho.
Oh, yeah.
Remember him?
What a mess.
What a slob.
I used to do the movie.
Hey, that was critical to today show.
That was the look.
Doesn't he still?
And he's a really bad critic, by the way.
Is he really?
Yeah, he is.
Is he as bad as that screaming queen?
Which I don't hear anything.
Well, Rex Reed.
How's she doing?
I understand Rex Reed may be a lopin' with Miss Fudge this week.
Is what I'm here?
That's the wrong story.
Yeah.
Anyway, Alistair Cook died at his home in New York at midnight.
Right at the stroke of midnight.
And that's something?
A spokeswoman at the BBC's press or if it said,
no cause of death was given by Cook and we
tired early this month because of heart disease.
And I remember telling you about that.
Yep.
That when I was in Europe this last time on the BB and C,
they had a piece on it about how he was retiring under advice
from his doctor.
And at the time we just thought, well,
because he's 95 years old, that's old enough.
Well, he had a bad ticker, which is why he only lived to 95.
I've had much enjoyment in doing these talks.
And hope that some of it's passed over to listeners
to all of whom I thank you for your loyalty.
And goodbye, he said goodbye when he stepped down
on the advice of his doctor.
Prime Minister Tony Blair expressed sadness
at the broadcaster's death.
He died?
So Alistair Cook died.
He was on omnivus.
He was on masterpiece theater.
He was just a real intellectual.
Yesterday Peter Eustonov died.
And today Alistair Cook has died.
So like I told George before the show today,
the IQ of the world has dropped significantly in the last 48 hours.
That'd be really bad.
But I'll tell you who's still around.
Who's still around?
Oh, yeah.
The king.
He'll always be around.
The king.
Seriously, if I, if I, I don't know what to say about this whole thing,
because this business about deprogramming kids from cults,
I think that maybe a majority of the people in the world
have got some cult that they're a member of.
And in fact, a lot of people may be more than one.
Yeah, whether it's the rent.
In fact, wouldn't you assume that most of those people
had slept a great sligh most of them in southern Rednick?
He kind of, they're like the real church in the Sunday school kind of crowd.
Uh-huh.
Trailer Park trash kind of crowd.
And just kind of like Elvis's family.
And he slept with mommy until he was how old?
About 30, man.
In the same bed.
Now, I don't want to say that Elvis had a few psychological problems
from a really grotesque bizarre upbringing.
But how many guys do you know that sleep in the same bed with mommy?
Until they're about 30, man.
You ever read anybody like that?
He was just quirky.
Is that what it was?
Or maybe she was a little bit quirky.
Maybe that might have been it.
Don't be blame in Elvis, the can.
Maybe that explains some of his later neuroses and all of these things,
and all them chiebergers and stuff like that.
I've made just do the whole show.
I may pay all Elvis today, which, of course,
we'd have no audience at all.
But I'm not going to do that.
Just a little, a little bit.
Yeah, that's enough.
And I'll kind of plot the last London was dramatically
foiled by the police today.
700 police whooped in a series of six o'clock raids this morning,
which would have been one o'clock in the morning our time.
In the capital and the home counties,
they found a half a ton of fertilizer explosives,
an offering series of terror spectacular, it says.
The terror suspects arrested by police
are believed to have chosen soft targets for bombings.
Oh, look at this.
$657 a year.
And get this.
They have a website which will tell you the average American voter
how much John Kerry's gas tax would cost your family.
The press release says planning a trip.
Oh, God.
I thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices, by the way.
The terror suspects arrested by police are believed
to have chosen soft targets for bombings,
including pubs and clubs.
Pubbs and clubs and going to kill some slubs.
One of the suspects being held had a job at Gatwick Airport
immediately racing, considering their over airlines
and pastures, a total of eight men.
All of them British citizens of Pakistani descent.
See what I'm saying?
Pakistani descent.
When are we ever going to get with it?
OK, with the Saudis and the Pakistan?
Baby, launch a couple of missiles.
Never.
To our place we know who is kiddin' home, man.
A mama madame.
A mama madame.
Who's her name begins with?
Oh.
Anyway, the ammonium nitrate explosive
are discovered in a self-storage warehouse
in Hanuel, West London, and have now been made safe.
Well, that's good.
London's still there for what it's worth still in one piece.
Quite frankly, I think the Brits are mostly a piece of,
well, you know, can't say that no more.
Let's take a look at who's that our thing today.
Let's look on the bright side, all of quite frankly,
from a personal standpoint.
I don't think this is all that bright.
How did this come about?
Somebody asked for it yesterday.
I think you planted the seeds for this.
Sure it was me.
Why is that?
I don't know.
I'm lying.
No, no, seriously, who came up with this idea?
Uh, Faxor?
Lucy Liu?
Man, she is nasty looking.
But anyway, what's wrong with her?
What's wrong with her?
She's gross.
She is grotesque.
I mean, there's a lot of beautiful Asian women.
She, unfortunately, doesn't happen to be one of them.
Take a look at that face, man.
Woo.
But anyway, if, oh, so Josh likes Lucy Liu,
a lot, a lot of guys, too.
Well, you know, well, we just gave you a permission slip.
You can have her, OK?
Yeah.
You can have a different, different slide on your life.
She's all yours.
Middle of the pack.
Yeah.
George, on a rough day when there's many other people.
Not good on TV.
When Brittany was busy on a really brutal day,
he might, you know, just to kill some idle time.
Lucy Liu.
Anyway, she's behind the beaten curtain today.
Our sunshine girl, the day such as it is, I think she's a pig.
But anyway, she would, what?
I think she's gross.
I don't, I look, I don't want to move.
I've had a lot of arguments about her with people.
And I guess it appeals to a certain taste.
You know what taste that is?
Bad taste.
OK.
Born December 2, 1968 in Queens, New York,
to Chinese immigrants and queens.
She's been in a zillion movies.
My God, killed Bill Vodum, too.
Game over, killed Bill Vodum, one.
Charlie's Angels, full throttle, Chicago, Cypher,
ballistic X versus Sever, Seabour, whatever that is.
Tom Seabour is in a movie.
SSX, tricky, hotel, Charlie's Angels.
My God, she's been in a more movies than you can shake your stick at.
Look at this.
I'm shaking it.
Jerry McGuire, Bang, protozoa, Ben Wozong Heng, Love Kills,
Fly Paper, Alamic Beal, the TV series,
and on True Crime, mating habits of the Earthbound human
and play it to the, or we can't say, bone.
So there you go.
Lisa Lewis behind the beaten curtain.
If you're over the age of 75, have 15 different pieces of ID,
have a side note for both your grandparents,
and if John Ascroft don't turn his eyes upside down
when you click the thing on your well on our website,
then you can take a peek at it real quick.
Keep your hands up where the attorney general can see them,
okay, above the table.
See, I think the best idea to combat that
is get like a fake pair of hands, like a dummy.
You know what I mean?
Sure, they sell them at the novel.
Right.
It was phony hands and just have those up in here.
And then the attorney general think they're your hands.
Oh, speaking of dummies, I guess what movie was on last night.
Again, pin.
Okay.
Have you seen that now?
No, not yet.
The Aaron Arnotty.
It's really very strange, very bizarre.
Oh, it's pretty good though.
I think you'd like it.
I'll give it a shot.
Aren't no fags in it.
I think you might like it.
Oh, absolutely.
Although I'm not too sure about him,
but anyway, about the dummy.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM,
we've got a lot of fish to fry today, baby.
A lot of ground to cover, even though we're only
killing time to 11.30 Thursday morning
when the trends come out.
Because I don't want to like be a build it up more than it is.
It's not a complete rating book,
but this Thursday morning we'll see exactly what direction
everybody's going in, including some of those cheap channels
such stations that everybody out there
are supposed to be saying, bye bye to.
Just remember that's our motto in 2004
is don't listen to cheap channel no more.
Just tell them, bye, bye, bye.
That's correct.
Hey, if you're in a dead end job,
like maybe in a board off at the clear channel,
if you're underpaid and overworked,
like maybe being a funky for PD Bozer,
how'd you like to get yourself a job
where you make some real cash
where you have a little self respect
where you've got some skills.
You can do it in no time at all.
Because if you call our friends at Fast Train,
tool free at 1-866 Fast Train,
they can argue train and certified
for a high paying, those are the operative two words,
a high paying computer network professional career,
and as little as four short months, count them.
Or we'll count them for you.
That's right, you can be fully trained already
for that new career by the end of the summer.
Fast Train offers day,
evening, a weekend, classes to bid around your schedule,
they offer job placement assistance,
and even they offer financial aid to people
who qualify too.
What's not to like?
Fast Train's got seven convenient locations to serve you
too, so there's bound to be one fairly close by you.
Don't wait anymore, okay?
If you're sick and tired of like being on a treadmill
with your life, a move in your legs,
but not getting anywhere,
pick up that phone and call,
Fast Train today and get the training you need
to have a real new high paying career
and a big paycheck like I said that goes with it.
Check them on the web if you like.
First, at fasttrained.com,
and then make that call, do it.
Call 1-866 Fast Train
and be sure until the Todd Dreck,
totally to call.
My, my, and locals,
this is sports radio by 60.
You way, come way, yeah.
Deal?
God?
I believe that we have enough future.
If I keep carrying on this way,
if I said I'm sober, it will just lie.
I am so freaking high,
but it is easier than go to a meeting.
And see how my name is with me.
I've got it wrong ago.
Smokes upon and dear a little bell,
Peruit and LSD,
Angel dust and some feyote,
Love, whistle, that fan, that's the sea.
Lying if I say that I'm drunk,
free, air parts of your city.
They found some pot on me.
You find the greatest drugs
they're all inside of me.
Sanitane hits the big news again.
National Security Advisor,
condolese, rice will be allowed to testify
in public under oath.
In public under oath, what was that?
I don't know, I thought it was you.
What the hell was that?
Was that the way, man?
My moment, please.
Maybe that was on here.
Let's hope.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Listen carefully now, it's not your receiver.
Come on.
You can do it.
Oh, man.
Anyway, condolese will be allowed to testify
in public under oath before the Commission
investigate in the failure to prevent
the 9-11 attacks.
And administration officials said today
just moment ago,
the officials said the decision is conditioned
on the Bush administration receiving
assurances and writing from the Commission.
That such a step does not set a precedent.
Said the officials speaking on condition,
a man in the immediate incentive already got that assurance.
It's just kind of like a waste of time.
They're going to do it.
She's been testified.
How do you like that?
Condolese.
Oh, I think that don't you think that we ought
to play the original now?
Condolese.
Condolese.
Come on, condolese.
You can do it, honey.
I remember the word.
How about you do?
Condolese.
Condolese.
Anyway, whatever I'm gassed,
it's good.
Oh, let's see.
Here's a fact from Stuttering Gill,
who says for information September 28, 2004,
the first presidential debate is going to be held
at the U of M campus.
Of course, a real bastion.
Oh, my God.
An intellectual thinking.
U of M campus.
How are they going to find the U of M campus?
Do we know where it is?
I don't think there is one.
They have a map.
Anyway, Gill says I think it'll be a good idea to call
your listeners to go and protest FCC censorship,
which will give to that momentarily.
By the way, you people are really laying down.
I thought this morning we were going to like pass
Texas today, and evidently the guys in Texas are doing
something because they're up to 140.
What are they up to?
14,020.
And Florida is 276 behind the Texas.
We were going to move by then like they were laid out.
And all of a sudden, you people stop at it.
Stop at stcc.com.
Aren't doing it.
In fact, that's your assignment between now and two
o'clock is to pass Texas.
I'm not taking no for an answer today.
Okay?
It's Tuesday.
Monday's over with after your three day of vacation
for a lot of you with the kids at a school Friday.
No more be asking.
Well, Paisov has come in and he's there too bad.
Okay.
Paisov.
And the king.
We've got to go pay tribute to the king.
Oh, I just, my life has been changed.
And not for the better.
I'll tell you that by seeing that thing.
If you could have only seen it, they all got to lift candles.
You know, it was it was very scary.
I mean, it's just a nauseating.
Not that I don't know these things go on.
I just don't want to see them because it's a reminder
that there are just a lot of crazy people out there.
Oh, this the king.
Okay.
So you like this music?
Okay.
Does that mean we have to go shut up to Graceland and sit around with candles
and all these pictures and all of this pop in the crap.
New jazze.
He was more than just music, man.
Anyway, Gil says protest SCC censorship put that debate.
He says, my mind played prison bitch over loudspeaker.
That's what we are to the FCC.
You're absolutely correct, Gil.
Nice going and thanks for the heads up.
Thank you so much.
Now, getting back to Lucy Lou.
We had a little bit of a glitch there.
So I don't really think the very first start when we first announced her picture was on it.
We didn't get that at all yesterday with Stacey Dash.
So that indicates to me there's something really wrong with the taste of all of you guys out there.
Because trust me when I tell you, okay, it's the old queen that I am.
Stacey Dash is 85 times hot, 50,000 times hotter than Lucy Lou will ever dream of being.
Okay.
That's not just my opinion.
That's a fact.
No argument here.
Right.
And because Josh said in there thinks that you know, you just he like what?
Don't single him out.
Oh, it's one of those things.
Wow, she looks Lucy Lou my ass.
She was on alley McBeal and everybody thought she was just.
She looks like she looks like Lou Diamond Phillips.
Of course, they thought alley was hot too.
Anyway, name a famous person on our point yesterday who isn't all that great looking but you think is hot.
We should have had Lucy Lou on there.
You know, we did.
Oh, we did have a shirt.
Where the hell she wind up.
Oh, she got 36 votes.
Well, maybe that's where this abortion came from today.
Selma Hayak, she won going away.
I mean, by almost 100 votes 233 for Selma, Alabama.
Christina Aguilera, the mouse queen.
She got 136.
Sandra Bullock 130.
And I still am just that was just aggravate me.
We had over 1800 votes, but those votes for Sandra Bullock.
Just because I made the mistake of making a comment that I thought she was really cute.
And there was absolutely nothing wrong with her looks, but oh, no, you're wrong, Neil.
What do you know you fag?
Okay.
Ashley Judd, 104, who I think looks a little bit like Jud Hersh.
Or is it Sunny Hersh?
Kirsten Dunstead, 83.
Christina Ricci, 72.
Jennifer Tilley, 64.
Ellen's Bark in 61.
Madonna, 48.
Susan Sarandon, 47.
Demi Moore, which is now Demi Moore, 44.
I can't deal with people that change their, the way you pronounce their name, you know.
Maybe they didn't change it.
Maybe we were just wrong.
I mean, like some of the athletes like Tony Dorset became Tony Dorset based on what?
Based on the fact that he's some kind of a schmuck.
Get out of here, Tony.
I was going to say, cool, but I restrain myself.
Drew Barrymore, 42.
Renee Russo, 41.
Jenny Garantillo, 40.
Jackie Johnson, 37.
Andy McDowell, 37.
Roddy McDowell had a couple.
Lisa Bonay, 36.
Lucy Luce, she's there for you to prove today, 36.
Paris Hilton, 35.
Why would anybody think that she's hot?
Oh, she is.
Yeah.
And colder, 33.
Again, there's another one for you, Norris, for charge.
Julia Louise, Dreyfus.
And Josh has got Julia Lewis, Dreyfus, 32.
Nick Lyshay, 27.
Of all the guys, was he not on top of the guys?
No comments.
Careful.
Careful what you say about that.
I ain't going anywhere near.
How about he has been?
Nick's got 27.
Merlin, number 24.
Mick Jagger, 24.
Celia Cruz, 20.
Oh, Celia was hot, man.
She was almost as hot as the king.
I mean, right now.
Randy Rhodes, 19.
Miris Grisies, and Gonzalez, 19.
Ever see the two of them together?
No.
How about you, Randy, Michael, for that?
Angie Dickinson, and Rose McGowne, 18.
Stevie Tonner, and Leo DeCaprio, 17.
There's a pair for you.
Matt Damon's tied with Linda Blair.
They each had 15 votes.
I'm going to read them all.
Celia was born Courtney Koch, Sean Cotterley,
headed 14 to piece.
Martha Stewart, 13.
Sean Penicillista, flock hearty, chat 13.
Heather Thomas, Amanda Bynes, and Natalie Mainz,
each had 12.
Natalie from the Dixie Chicks.
Courtney loved 10.
Richard Gear, 7.
Good job, I didn't get any.
Fade down away, 6.
Ingrid Bergman, 6.
Jeff Goldblum, 6.
Jeff Goldblum, oh, why did she do that to me?
She was such a good call, too.
Sylvester Stallone, and Owen Wilson, and Nicole Richie, 5.
Merlin Manson, 4.
Boy, that's hot.
Nancy Grace 3, Steve Bushemi 3, and Greta von Sustern,
had a pair.
Wow, I bet she had a bigger pair than Greed's God.
Oh, Greed's on today's poll, that's right.
Here's today's poll.
Which of these people do you think is the biggest liar?
Okay?
I think I've got a very good list.
Condoleezza Rice, George W. Bush, Richard Clark,
Michael Moore, John Kerry, Bill Clinton, Colin D.
Donald Rumsfeld, Greg Reed, or more Howard David.
Absolutely.
I think that's a, that covers a lot of ground.
You know what?
It's a good list.
Only a sick twisted mind like yours truly could come up with a list like that.
Which of these people do you think is the biggest liar?
Condoleezza Rice, W. Richard Clark, Michael Moore.
I don't know why I put him on her, just I want to put some, you know.
Right, no, it's good for people.
John Kerry, Bill Clinton, Colin Powell, Donald Rumsfeld, Greg Reed,
or Moe Howard David did it.
So that's our poll for today.
I'm like, we don't need to add any on there.
I'll probably somebody who come up with something, you know, that we forgot, that I forgot.
You didn't add any, you didn't think there need to be any more on there, did you?
No, no.
Any Moe.
Hey, can we mention how is before we forget?
Oh yeah, how is let's thank our good friends at Howie's for all the food
that they're hopping up there at the QM today.
Josh has a sub bigger than him.
Wow.
Maybe he can go underwater with it.
So thanks to Howie's because evidently they brought a lot more good food.
And when I come back to town in a couple of ways, do not be bringing me that chair.
Do I get 18 rashes of bacon, please?
No, no food while you're here.
We love Howie's, but no food for me when I'm back there.
They damn near kill me that time with a 725 strips of bacon.
I mean, I love little crispy bacon, you know, but after the first 600 strips of kids,
a little bit on the greasy side.
Well, you remember the greasy's, don't you, Bob and Brian?
Brian.
Hey, Brian, quit falling down.
And to hear Wayne Heizinger there, suck it up a little bit to Jay Feedler, that was scary.
I mean, how can Jay Feedler still be in that organization?
That is scary.
I think that votes very poorly for the coming dolphin season.
Anyway, 27 past 10 at 560 WQM.
If you're hungry and you want to break from the kitchen, let the good people at Airmo
Coast cook up a feast that likes to which you probably have seldom seen in your life,
unless you've been there before, then you know I'm talking about.
Stir it out with six different kinds of soups.
You can have one or two or all six if you're real cow.
And then they've got dozens and zillions of succulent, delicious fresh entrees
like New York's strip made to order at their sizzling Asian grill,
along with that great new seafood saying shock.
They've got your oysters on a half shell, the lask and the stone crab,
middle neck clams and jumbo, scampy every night.
If you still have any room in your public, try the hand card prime rib.
They're brand new Thai specialties to our out of this world.
They're buffet features a full salad bar, a brand new sushi bar and fresh cocktail.
And the one great thing about the Airmo Coast is that unlike a lot of Chinese joints,
you won't walk out of there with a pounding headache from MSG because guess what?
They don't use any MSG folks, and they don't use any cornstarch or any other crap,
only fresh delicious goodies, all cooked in cholesterol for your oils.
And because you deserve it if you have a really humongous appetite,
they got a dessert station too. Make a couple of pit stops there.
In fact, you probably make a pit stop somewhere else first and create a little room for fantastic dessert,
like bells and waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings,
evens fresh fruit.
Three locations for you, the Airmo Coast are in sunrise, pine island of 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd and north mining beach.
And also you'll find the newest Airmo Coast at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Roads
in prestigious Geriatric Pemberg Pines.
So take the whole family on your next or your next business lunch in the habit right there too,
and let the folks at the Airmo Coast do the cooking for you, whatever I said.
Take out and deliver you always available too, call 954-5723822.
For the unmaximal Airmo Coast Chinese Buffet.
Five and the local, this is five cities.
The radio's all yours.
Q&A!
First came dockers mobile pants with hidden pockets.
Now comes pants with a special hidden pocket for the man who wants to impress the ladies.
Sockers just open the special hidden pockets and insert a pair of rolled-up socks.
Then just wait for the reaction.
Sockers patented package protector prevents embarrassing slippage,
while the exclusive banana hammer assures total comfort.
Levi's Sockers available in large, Mr. Bake and G Units,
available at JC Phoney, old, maybe, and small-mart stores.
Well, there you go. I think I took out as close to that edge as we're going to come again.
I think it was okay, but it was right up there pushing it.
Okay.
Now, I didn't have any problem with that.
Anyway, we forgot to, obviously, when somebody faxes,
what about OJ?
Okay, I'll put them on there and certainly rush.
How could I have forgotten America's most famous pill-popper with the Reichmyster,
who just makes it up as he goes along?
Tills your pocket.
And, boy, we sure got a lot of votes on there already.
Look at that.
Which of these people do you think is the biggest liar if they told you what day of the week it was,
you checked a calendar.
You'd ask for a second opinion.
W-34, Bill Clinton, well, just changed again.
W-39, Clinton the 14, Rumsfeld 13, Conda Leesa 7, Michael Moore 4, John Carey 4,
Howard David II, Greg Reed 1.
That's my vote.
Colin Powell and Richard Clark didn't have any out of the first 84, but they will.
And, let's add, Rush and OJ, got that?
Got it.
Now, I'm getting back to stopfcc.com, which tomorrow or Thursday, we'll give you the details
of how we can raise some money and put that ad in USA today and get that million signatures
that Scott up there in New York is trying to put together.
We got 120, there almost 120, $4,000 on there already.
And, that's really a miracle, boy, I got to give him a lot of credit.
Because there haven't been any newspaper ads, there haven't been like any syndicated
broadcasters who are on like 85 different markets who promoted this, unfortunately,
because most of those people are scared of it, you know, terrified of their own shadow.
But when I see that Texas has got us by 276 signatures on here, it gives me great
that this may, because we were really smoking, moving right along.
We passed Ohio, we passed Pennsylvania, we passed New York, you know.
We moved from like number seven, number three, no time at all, and then we were in
shooting distance of Texas. California, you can't touch them, they got 17,000, five
something, because there's 80 billion people in California, right?
Most of them are legal aliens, but they still got computers.
So they're all signed up on here, but Texas has got us, let's see, by 139 and 132 so much.
Oh, no, that's over 300.
Right? No, 139, 132, I'm sorry, is 271, not good.
So get to stop at cc.com. If you're already signed the petition,
what you can do now is email somebody today. You can click right on there, Scott's got a nice
convenient thing. You can click where it says, tell your friends, and it's got an
email for me, you can just fill out and click right and set it off to like a half
a dozen people, right? Yes, you can.
So we have to make up 271 and pass Texas by two o'clock today, which I'm sure you
don't believe we can do. No. Well, I don't either to be honest with you, but I think
one thing that we can probably accomplish here before the end of the show.
Yeah, you know what that is? Yeah, pretty lunch.
Okay, we can pay tribute to the king is what we can do.
You people are slept in Graceland, and I'm going to tell you something. No, seriously,
people are starving and you're taking your money. I realize it's your money.
You can do whatever you want your money, but you're wasting your money.
Slip in to see a dead man to see a bunch of chakkis in a place where some dead guy
used to live, who sang a bunch of songs. They've got magic powers.
Do they really touch these if you touch anything that Elvis how about those candles
that those people were schlepping all of us straightens man? No wonder they called that
down under down there. Wow. Those people need some very serious assistance.
Speaking of that, log onto wqam.com today and make your bids for the first ever
QAM online auction. And we know of course that the QAM website is just just
phenomenal response on there. Not lots of great items up for auction today, including
a sky box for 12 to a Marlins Braves game. How many how many sense would you pay for that?
About 30 men. A sky box for 12 to a Marlins Braves game.
An autographed on Shula football. Autographed by the Brainstem.
An autographed Ricky Williams football. Do you know that the Brainstem
donated two grand through a Bob Graham's campaign? I mentioned that the other day.
Nice go. We always like you lot, Shula. An autographed Ricky Williams football.
And he signed it before he had the haircut by the way. We'll be pleased to know that.
A framed and signed Dan Marino photo. The one that's got those real funky lips on it.
From all tickets to the Florida Panthers final home game of the season against
Carolina this Sunday. I think it is. Sunday. I guess it must be because that's the end of the season.
Yes, Sunday. Panthers one last night. They be Carolina 3-1 right there in the Macarena.
And from about 80 people. Don't get too hockey intensive now.
The second remaining in the first grade of that game in California.
Okay, calm down, Joe. So log on register and start bidding at wqam.com.
The auction ends at three o'clock today. Say better do a post-haste.
Get your vision right now. 3 to qm.com. Do that to pacify poor little clearance who's in their plan like little league radio.
But all his little boyfriends little kiddie radio got some pandas for Janet Jackson fans again to the CBS sensors.
Just can't get off her ass. You know what?
Damn it. Janet Jackson was bleeped again by sensors.
While talking to host David Letterman last night for saying Jesus.
Thought she said Jesus. Can't say Jesus.
With the exclamation made an apparent exasperation with Letterman asked the singer about her.
Superbowl wardrobe malfunction when she exposed the breast was edited out for broadcast.
Disposing for the show said Jesus Christ.
However, Jackson still insisted that the much publicized incident was an accident.
Despite many believing it to be a publicity stunt. It truly was an accident.
She said it was very embarrassing for me to have so many people see this little breast Jackson said.
Long read she admits it was little. No big thing.
I can't stand the name right. It was like.
No one does. Turns it back up.
Let's get real hockey intensive.
What we're going to do today. We're going to concentrate on two very important things.
One is Elvis.
And the second one is the Toronto Maple Leafs. That'll be our show for today.
Now just it's just a joke. Although you never know.
Wtq way and hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I think that you're forgetting a very important liar here.
And that is remember Mr. Dick Cheney had a meeting with oil executive to set up energy policy.
Yeah, well we can put Dick Cheney on her. Of course when you don't say anything then it does make your liar.
Just means that you're like play hide and seek.
Right. Right.
But we'll put him on her. He's a compulsive liar.
Compulsive liar is right.
In fact, he was one of the ones that told us about the imminent threat and about all these things.
He was one of the originators while I crap.
Right. Right.
Next thing on the agenda, Neil is the older guy that said that your show is about Phil's and man.
He doesn't realize that you get most of your ratings during like natural disasters.
I listen to you during Hurricane Andrew and you had thousands of calls then.
Or after nine nine nine.
You're forgetting about the most important event in our lifetime and that of course is Ilianito.
Exactly. Ilian.
And he doesn't realize that you got your hand on the pulse of the fight, you know, and that you're knowledgeable.
And that people, you know, listen to you especially on 911 for example.
Right.
So the guy doesn't have his facts.
Right. Okay, pal. I have a great day and thanks for the olicky. Thank you so much.
19 to 11. I wonder if that was the same 911 date he was talking about when Kelly was doing sports for an hour while buildings were crumbling down.
We're sports radio 5 CC.
UAM.
We're over soccer mom because this pie octane race of the White House is powered by death card.
Yes, I'm.
Round and round they go as they decide which candidate case the center fly and which runs again.
Will Nascar dad with George the incumbent push back in the winter circle?
Or will this demonstrative demographic drive?
Democrat John Kennedy carries a victory away.
Or will Ralph the carburetor need her?
Will Richard the works as oiler is all up to yes, Darnit.
The Lord is the turbocharged 2000 for president election.
And I told him here are in their hands.
That's for this.
It's 1046 at 560 W. Kim speaking of Dick Cheney's lies.
Remember during the 2000 campaign that he was asked about game marriages and he said that he thinks that the two people who are in love
should be able to do whatever they want.
And now all of a sudden come to find out he's all for that constitutional amendment proposed by the Bushmeister.
Alfred W.
And what reminded me of that is this story about Lin Cheney still remembered 1981 lesbian romance novel Sisters was pated last night.
The special performance by the Lin Cheney players to the delight of an audience of liberal Eastville types in New York says today's New York Daily News.
The performance at the New York Theatre workshop was part of a celebration of left-leaning radio personality Laura Flanders' new book, Bush Women Teller Bay Cinnical Species.
Yesterday Flanders told low down that Cheney's novel is a breathy Gothic romance horribly written.
It's celebrating lesbian love and promotes the value of preventative devices condoms to women who want to remain free.
It features a woman who has unmarried sex with the widow of her sister, all this by Lin Cheney the culture warrior of the right.
Monday's crowd of 200 which included actress Jeanine Caraflo, laughed throughout the satirical staging.
She's written this dyke novel.
They've got a dyke daughter but the vice president says, oh he's all in favor of that constitutional amendment to read them.
Faggot's from getting married.
So he's a full of crap. He's full of crap on everything.
He lies just as easily as Greg Reed almost, almost you know, sister.
Now, before I came to that gay marriage thing in Massachusetts, which quite frankly I think there are more important things in a world now that are worse than that or the one nation under God business.
A lot of very things that are kind of like my new share.
There are more important things to worry about. Like when is Elvis coming back? When are we going to find him already?
Well, what is, I mean, I'm just, no, sister, you've got to stop me from thinking about that because it's very disturbing to me.
Having seen that, I get emotionally, I become an emotional cripple when I see that there are actually people who are that ignorant, that idiotic, that lifeless, that pathetic tragic.
They just think they are crazy. They just let all the way from Australia.
Now, of course the American economy could use their cash. So bring all the cash you got. That's fine.
But they just let all the way from down under, not to come and see New York, to see Vegas, to see Disney World.
They came to see Graceland.
Oh my God. Just think if they had his body under glass like London.
That wouldn't be great. He could lie in state and it would be great.
Well, they could prop him up and we could do it in the sunshine state.
Pose them like an action figure.
Don't they have, isn't the Elvis Museum in Vegas? I have no idea.
I beg your pardon? Sorry, I've never been there.
No, I'm pretty sure they have the Elvis Museum is in Vegas.
I'll take your word for it.
I do believe they have all those Elvis impersonators out there.
Yeah. And these people could have gone to Vegas and spent a lot of money in the casino.
No, they slept to Graceland. Oh my God. Even Paul Simon is embarrassed.
Wally B says, speaking of liar is great line from the three days of the condor.
Robert Redford, character tells Cliff Robertson.
The problem with you guys in the CIA is that you think not getting caught with a lie is the same as telling the truth.
How about Richard Nixon? I'm not a liar.
Now he didn't say I'm not a liar. I said I'm not a crook.
Maybe he did say not a lie. I said I'm not a crook.
And he was a liar and a crook and a pathological alunatic at any rate.
This speaking of alunatics, this is great. This thing you facts me from the memory hole.
What is it?
The memory hole dot org.
It's a five minute video of El Presidente in the morning of 9-11.
And by the way, Amy, thank you very much, but we don't need to cover page.
We don't need all five pages. Thank you.
Oh, is she the one that sent us this six pages worth day.
Yeah. Thanks, Amy, but this one pages enough. Thank you.
You can download the video in quick time format.
It's footage obtained and presented exclusively by the memory hole.
You better fax this to Eric. Did you do it?
I will now.
And he can put a link to it right on our website so they can take a peek at this footage.
I've seen it shows president Bush sitting in a Florida classroom for five minutes.
After he was told that the second twin tower had been hit and then America was being attacked.
Five minutes.
A truncated version of this footage that's been available online since June of 2002 shows Bush for only two minutes ten seconds after being told.
This new footage more than doubles this like the time.
He sat there with a room of full little kids students for five minutes.
Immediately below it says here and you see them.
You'll find still frames from the video one every five seconds starting when chief of staff Andrew card gives Bush the news and ending when the scene abruptly ends.
Yoddy yoddy yoddy says please feel free to mirror this footage anywhere and everywhere we'd appreciate a mention and a link though.
And yes, we will memory hole dot org.
Thank you very much, Amy and our memory hole friends now.
Now the Massachusetts legislature took the first decisive step toward banning game marriage and legalizing civil unions yesterday.
They took the easy way out just like John Kerry giving final approval for the year to any a constitutional amendment that would strip same sex couples of core mandated marriage rights within moments of the historic vote.
Governor Mitt Romney told reporters he'd asked the state's highest court to block a marriage is now scheduled to begin May 17 of the courts landmark the member ruling until the amendment processes run as likely course.
But Attorney General Tom Riley, who job it is to represent the state in court said he would not seek delay on Romney's behalf and ain't going to happen.
So barring something bizarre happening starting May 17, there's still going to be a handy on marriage licenses in Massachusetts.
The final version of the amendment approved 105 to 92 yesterday afternoon must be affirmed again during the 2005 six legislative session before going to the voters in the fall of 2006 to and a half years after the court ordered legalization of gay marriages in Massachusetts.
If the measures ultimately approved by voters, Massachusetts would become just the second state after Vermont to legalize civil unions.
And it amazing how they go through this torture this long round about it's just amazing.
It's almost as lifeless as the Elvis crowd.
Oh no, we don't want to have marriage. We can go. And of course I don't think that has anything to do with the influence of the Catholic church in Massachusetts to you.
No, oh, oh, oh, oh, coincidence. If you had any idea, I think how many million Catholics are there in Boston? 30 million Catholics.
And that's just in the back bay rhymes with poll shows bush drank thing against carry this must be because of all the good news that's been coming out lately must be it.
Never will ever understand American people.
Despite a week of negative headlines about how is the administration handle the threat of terrorism before 9-11 president bushes political position against John Kerry has strengthened according to latest CNN USA today Gallup pool.
The poll results suggest that the Bush campaigns attempts to paint Kerry as a tax raising liberal who flipplops on issues has affected the race more than the recent charges that the Bush administration didn't put him out focus on the threat terrorism before 9-11.
In his book against all enemies and in testimony to 9-11 Commission former White House counter terrorism advisor Richard Clark has said the administration didn't act on repeated warnings before 9-11 then they'll cut attack of the imminent.
Among likely voter survey 51% said they would vote for Bush 47 for Kerry the margin of error plus or minus four points.
I don't think he even mentions a Ralph Nader in here. They'll mention nothing.
At any rate, of course, don't forget Kerry took the week off he went skiing.
And now they have to counter all of these negative ads that Kerry's going to raise the gas tax and he's going to do this and he's going to limit all the tax cuts and the audience.
So they have to counter that basically what it comes down to is a real desperate situation for America because you got too really crappy political parties is what it is.
Which of these people do you think is the biggest liar? That's our poll question on the arrangers.com when you're finished cruising Lucy Lou and I have no idea why anybody would want to but hey listen if you're really desperate and you're over the age of 90.
I would imagine if you're over the age of 90 probably might be really desperate right or not or don't make no available George W Bush 98 Donald Rumsfeld 26 look at that the bushmeister he's often running.
I don't think anybody can catch him. Rumsfeld 26 Bill Clinton 22 or a Rumsfeld just went to 27. He's moving.
Wash Limbaugh who just went on the only moment to go 18 OJ 16 see this is business and I think a lot of you people in the audience are taking his personal.
This is business.
On speaking of Kerry when he has that meeting with Nader this week you know who they need to have at the meeting.
I give up.
Who could brought see.
Oh, I thought he can go.
Lisa 13.
Dick Cheney 8.
More Howard David and six.
John Kerry 5.
Michael Moore 5. Richard Clark 4.
Greg Reed 2 which means somebody else in the building voted for Greg nice going.
Probably a Josh did it.
And Colin Powell 1 out of 233 that's Josh Derr I'm talking about not you Josh.
Josh Clarence Darrell probably voted for Greg is the biggest liar of them all.
5.6705 60 pound 560 on the 18 and T in Verizon wireless line.
WDQ a.m. Hello.
How you doing, Pali?
Pretty good, Pali.
How about Barry Bond?
Oh, Jesus.
Isn't that said that we're on this radio station to these sports nerds?
I mean, how do you put Barry bonds in a class with the president and Rumsfeld and Clinton and Rush Limbaugh and Clinton?
I mean, I kind of Lisa and he puts in Barry bonds.
Okay.
We don't care if Barry bonds took steroids until his arms with the size of Montana.
I don't really give a crap.
Okay.
Do you?
I mean, that goes without saying.
See, well, actually, I mean, did not tell you before the show today because this poll doesn't really need a lot of additions that I might as well just do all these bedtime stories because there aren't going to be any calls today because that's all I know how to do is just add to the list.
Where is the list?
We don't need any more names for that list unless it's somebody really obvious that we missed that was glaring, you know, but some sports nerd.
I mean, to put it in that category, that tells me, sir, that there's something else you're trying to say.
I have no life.
Right.
Get a life.
Get with it.
Forget about ball games.
There's more important things in life than stupid ball games.
Okay.
All of the Yankees lost a tampon.
Tokyo 8 to 3 this morning.
Did you see that game?
History and some highlights from an extra family beliefs career.
See, now we're talking about something important to our family beliefs.
Now, that's something important.
Look, you know, this is a very bonds and Bobby bonds and Ward bond and God makes you almost the shame to work in QA.
You know what?
Don't forget log out at wqm.com.
Make your bids for the first ever QM online auction lots of way items up for auction, including a sky box for 12 to Marlon's Braves game autographed on.
You'll a football autographed Ricky Williams football.
Now, there goes Ricky Ricky Ricky, a friend in signed-and-read or photo front row tickets to the Panthers final home game of the season against Carolina.
So log out and register the octane's at 3 this afternoon.
You can bid at wqm.com.
And by the way, it's going to be a long season for those dolphins.
It's going to be bad.
Am I that low?
This is 420 or 560?
QA.
See, now let me ask you this question.
Was that just me overreacting before I met the rejoiner?
What do you mean?
When I started playing the stuff here because they played a thing with a rejoin in it.
I didn't hear you playing today.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Well, what a great break!
This is where I work.
There is never, never a dull moment, have all my-
Sometimes we head over to the gunsapchee grab a bunch of 9mm and letter rip!
It's more than a story. It's a fun place to be.
We lot to eat at the little cafeteria because they clean up my baby's vomit faster than anyone.
He never know what you're going to find at Walmart.
He just came in for the fun of it.
Last week, a bunch of them liberal idiots had a protest out front,
but it only took two warning shots to scare them off!
Yeah!
Like my morning routine, you spent coffee and wake up at Walmart.
I bet there's a connection between a lot of the women who shop at Walmart and the...
...elphys crowd, you know what I'm saying?
Without a doubt.
No question.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 WQM, so anyway,
I've got a couple of thanks here, one from Gary, who says,
and this audience just doesn't get it at all.
I mean, you're not even close.
Gary says, good morning, just a couple of quick thoughts.
Number one, now that Howard's off here,
here are a couple of guys in my office,
and now listening to you over the internet along with me.
But the streams are about five seconds apart,
which makes for some really neat effects when you play a bleep.
Absolutely.
Or about 30, man!
Second, I was watching Will and Grace last weekend,
they said,
ass at least five times in the Veno.
I just pulled that advice out of my ass.
They're around in 830, isn't that family prime time?
How come they can say ass and you can't?
We can say ass, we just can't say the whole word.
Right.
Got it?
I got it.
And then says my full pile sucks donkey,
like that, nice going, Gary.
Clean it up.
We can say ass, all we want.
Ass, ass, ass.
How do you like that, huh?
That's right.
Cran didn't even have to ask.
Right.
So come on, get with it, Gary.
You better start learning the rules.
Are they going to come and get your ass next?
Now, Aski, who did this fact here just really is so typical, man.
Just so sad.
And look what his wife's name is.
Sharon, first I thought I was Sharon.
It says, good morning Neil and George.
It says Neil, knowing you to be a perfectionist.
What the hell?
I'm a perfectionist and I'm working on this station?
Who are you, kidnosski?
He must have seen your clothing.
Here's a small correction.
Oh, there he goes.
Pick it on my clothing again.
Okay. My baggy pants in my shirt said he don't like.
I got news in another row of my shirts.
It's not the long.
It's just a thing.
No, it's not a thing.
It's just you know, you're stuck it up to mow again.
That's the new thing.
He's wearing those same pants.
He's so worth it.
Yeah, I'll tell you what.
I'll go out and get some new designer suits when you get a new piece.
Okay, Mo?
When you start looking human.
He's a good one to talk.
Crap.
Anyway.
Here's a small correction says Aski.
Elende Lone is pronounced Elende Lone.
Elende Lone.
Yeah.
It says he is in French.
He's there.
Bye-bye.
Put the accent on there.
I don't give a crap, Aski.
Okay.
Take your frog stuff and jam it.
Oh, God.
Elende Lone.
You got to sound like you haven't had a bomb move in 45 years.
You're up constipated like all the French.
Elende Lone.
Elende was at European Heartthrob in the 60s and 70s.
He's also a coast guard in Texas across the river with Dean Martin.
Joey Bishop and Rosemary Forsyth in 1966.
I believe a funny, funny western soundtrack by the Kingston Trio.
Oh, you know who did the music for this movie?
This, uh, Flying Soleil.
I give up Elvis.
Uh, oh, I'll think of it.
No, uh, somebody here famous.
I'll think of it.
Anyway, Aski says I'm reading out of frog.
Whatever.
What are you?
Somebody famous.
I'll think of it.
I'll look it up in my book here.
Okay.
It'll kill some good time.
Probably not going to get any calls today.
What?
I Hugo Montenegrau.
Nah.
I just like saying that.
Montenegrau.
I'm getting my big, big ass heavy book here now.
And you've got to look up Flying Soleil.
I think that's what it's under because it's, uh, got 55 different names to it with this
movie.
And by the way, the movie really sucks.
I mean, he looks great, but the movie is awful.
So if you like the town that Mr. Ripley and you think, oh, I better watch that because it was the original,
it's horrible.
It's real choppy and it starts like in the middle where he's already over there in a,
a month, your fellow.
And it's just, it's idiotic.
Let's see.
Music by, uh, how come I can't find it?
Oh, Nino Rota.
Here, Rota.
Nino Rota.
Now what, what, did he, uh, what, uh, other famous music, did he do for what famous movie?
Oh, come on.
Come on.
I'm, I, I would look it up on the thing.
ROTA.
Nino Rota.
You've never heard him before?
No.
Very, very famous, uh, uh, uh, film, I used to music guy.
Go on the IMDB.
Stuttering Gil again.
Stuttering Gil.
Well, when you stop, uh, Olly North.
I mean, that's old, small potatoes, old news.
Giller, your other facts was great.
Just calm down.
Man, oh man.
What do you try to say, Gil?
I have no life.
The Godfather.
That's what I thought.
I thought Nino Rota, Rota, wrote us some of the music for the Godfather.
Huh?
You're right.
He wrote it.
Right.
That's why every time I saw that on their, uh, music by Nino Rota, I thought, oh, that,
that name sounds so familiar.
That's not a word.
I think your brain is going so well.
It's easy to understand working on this joint.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
There's a chainy between my girlfriend's.
Ah, WQA, hello.
QAM.
Like I said, these calls are fantastic.
WQA, hello.
Forgive me, Father.
I just turned to show on.
Did you get the news yet that Richard Clark was going to be on the Daily Show tonight?
No, I did not.
I got the news that Condoleez is going to testify in public under oath.
Oh, she is?
Yes.
I didn't get that news for you today.
See, I got the important news.
The fact that Richard Clark's going to be on again.
Now, you know, forget about it.
See what I'm talking about with the public.
It's all, I'm playing Elvis all day.
I can't take it anymore.
Oh, I can't stand it.
All Elvis all day.
Oh, I can't stand it anymore.
God almighty.
The Daily Show.
My God.
Is that what John Charles daily?
No.
5, 6, I know what it is.
What you just relaxed.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line.
Condoleez are going to testify in public under oath.
That's the big news of the day.
Okay.
Thanks to political pressure that caved in.
So all of this goody-tooth-shoes.
It'll set a bad precedent.
It's this.
It's a baloney.
Baloney.
She's a lion bitch.
And speaking of that, which of these people do you think is the biggest liar that's our poll?
See, starting tomorrow, today I learned my lesson.
And I told you this before the show today, didn't I?
I told you.
Tomorrow, we're only going to do polls on this show.
Like, name a movie.
There you go.
Name a bunch of movies.
Name a bunch of people.
What's your favorite?
No.
Name a bunch of ice cream flavors.
A bunch of retail outlets.
Name a bunch of politicians.
Name a bunch of songs.
Name a bunch of fans.
Right?
A whole bunch.
Not just one.
Give me a whole bunch of it.
I got ten nails.
Okay, good.
And then by the time we even get you with a third or fourth call, time to go home, see?
Beautiful.
George W. Bush, biggest liar, 142.
Rumsfeld, 33.
Hair Rumsfeld.
Bill Clinton, 27.
We know who those people are.
O.J. Simpson, 26.
Rush Limbaugh, 24.
Condoleezah, 17.
Dick Cheney, 17.
Mohawar David has got a dozen.
Michael Moore, 9.
John Kerry, 8.
Greg Reeds, got five.
All from within the building.
I guarantee you that.
To know him is to mistrust him.
Richard Clark IV, and Corolla and Colin Powell won, 325.
Now, how can Colin Powell have only one?
When he sat right there in the UN and held up those maps.
And we know that the stuff is here, and the chemical weapons are here, and that the rice in is here, and the bubble mice are here.
And he's only got one vote.
You see, the public have been corn swaddled.
And to believe in that certain people are very credible, you know?
Just like all those people who were slaughtered at me lie during the Vietnam days.
A very credible guy like Colin Powell.
Professional liar, professional paid liar is what he is.
A sellout.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
All right.
I wanted to know, does anybody ever seen Miriam Alafant?
No.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, yes sir.
How about Jimmy Swagger?
What about him?
He's a mental hospital.
What's the rise, Brick?
Oh, that was good.
I got my finger right on top of him.
That was excellent.
I'm out of town.
I got that quick finger.
I got a file down today.
It looks like one of Dracula's teeth.
5607, 0560, pound 560.
I'm just going to go to the bed time.
Stirers in a minute.
I'm serious because I'm around.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
I'm going to go to the bed time.
If you need new mattress, you don't have to go schlepping after those bedding and department stores.
Do what I've been doing for a long time.
Just make one easy call to the dollar mattress.
Toil-free, it's 1-800 mattress.
Don't forget that dollar mattress packs up everything they say and they're advertising 100%.
While the competitors lie like crazy speaking of liars.
When you see a mattress at making outrageous claims, do yourself a favor and read that fine print.
There are lots of lies out there.
Here's an example.
A big headline that says half off.
But then you find out that this only applies to limited selection of items that you'd never choose.
Everything else is still full price.
And they probably double the regular price first on that sale item.
And you'll probably never be able to make a fair exchange if you don't like it.
But if dollar mattress, their ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers.
And when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll see that the prices are so low.
The other stores have to offer half off sales just to be able to compete at all.
Dollar mattress gives you a no-risk 30-day.
Absolutely.
30-day.
But 30-day.
Comfort exchange policy on all beds including yours.
And don't forget when you call the auto mattress toll free at 1-800 mattress.
You're getting a company ranked number one in overall customer satisfaction too.
From candlestore, Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
The auto mattress reminds you to be sure and read that fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
Although I can't imagine that happening.
So what are you waiting for? Do what I always do when you need a mattress when the old ones had it?
Pick up the phone, make the one simple call.
1-800 mattress or log onto their website at mattress.com.
Dialometrics 1-800-MATTRES, the honest way to buy you a great new bed.
My, my, and local.
We're sports radio five-sister, S.U.A.M.
It's about basketball.
It's about teamwork.
It's about the story of two men.
And the friendship that springs up between them.
I don't know if I'm good enough to play basketball with you guys, but I'd sure like to give it a try.
See, what do you have in like you've always seen before?
Rural, innocent, kind of dumb.
Gee, gosh.
I don't know about that.
Another beer?
If you've seen cheers.
If you've seen wild cats.
If you've seen doc Hollywood.
Then you've seen white men can't act.
Starring Woody Harrelson.
And many talented African Americans.
White men can't act.
She loved me.
And I don't know what to do.
Gosh.
You'll be mean.
Ass.
I just said it again.
1118 at 560 WQM.
Well, you know, the few words that we still can say, you've got to say them a lot.
Now, Eric says that quick time.
The quick time format is what this footage of Bush and 911 is all about.
He says he's going to convert it to us something else later on.
Catholicism.
Judaism.
He's got a conversation.
Our audience won't like quick time.
Whatever that means.
I don't know.
I don't have time to deal with it and watch it right now.
But it's on there.
Quick time blows.
What does that mean?
It's an Apple thing.
So he's good to play.
Oh, it's an Apple thing, man.
I bet you quick time really blows, you know.
I'm going to go to these bedtime stories because the calls today, the WQM.
Hello.
Yeah, I wanted to nominate.
All right.
Okay.
Great.
5670560.
560 on the AT&T.
See, they just, they won't stop.
You know what I mean?
They won't stop.
I could take 50,000 calls between now and two o'clock and they will never stop.
Oh, here's one more that you need to put on there, Neil.
Soopie sales.
I mean, just just for the hell of it, you know, just just want to keep adding to it,
which might not be a bad idea.
WQM, hello.
You have a question to play.
Pugate in this morning for Conzlo.
WQM, hello.
Neil, that was the media.
And back to you.
It's same thing going on right now here in the car.
We're playing Elvis.
I got all the things I can play right now.
Yeah.
We hit them all the long.
All right.
Wow.
You know what?
Okay.
Put it away, Elvis.
Man.
Anyway, the war on clerk.
This is from TomPain.com.
It's on our website today, like all the good stories always are.
By Larry C. Johnson.
Who's Larry Johnson?
He's been on a lot of the TV shows talking head.
Larry Johnson, if I don't turn the page, was a guy.
I'll find it.
A member of the Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity,
who served with the CIA 85-89,
worked in the State Department's Office of Counterterrorism,
8-9-293, also as a registered Republican who contributed financially
to the Bush campaign in 2000, but not no more.
He says Richard Clark must be wondering if explaining what the US did not do
in the war on terrorism is more dangerous than actually fighting the terrorists.
Clark, the former terrorism czar for both President George W. Bush and Bill Clinton
is now being vilified by a host of Bush officials, including Dick Chanty and Conda Liza Rice as a liar.
The attack on Clark, which consists of leaks, threats, and intimidation tactics,
has become the genuine hallmark of the Bush presidency.
Previous victims of the Bush smear machine include Army Chief of Staff,
Eric Chinesseki, who chowns the fantasy spun by Dom Rumsfeld and Paul Wolfowitz,
and correctly insisted that several hundred thousand troops would be needed to pacify Iraq.
Ambassador Joseph Wilson would provide the Bush administration with a report
that Niger had not supplied Iraq with uranium yellow cake essential for building a nuclear device,
not only were his character and competence called in a question,
but his family's security were jeopardized by a White House leak that his wife, Valerie Plame,
was a covert CIA operative.
Secondary of the Treasury, Paul Loneal, who reported on the Bush administration obsession with Iraq,
and talked early on over moving Sodom Hussein.
And I'm not going to read the whole thing.
And just a couple more paragraphs I want to read, can I? Yes, please.
Clark has told the uncomfortable truth in his book and now finds himself the target of the full theory of the angry Bush partisans,
who insisted fighting terrorism was Bush's highest priority.
The evidence shows otherwise.
First starters, Clark presented a memo to Conda Liza Rice outlining the urgent threat this tag is made on the document.
Urgent threat presented by Al Qaeda in January 2001.
While Dr. Rice and Sissi made terrorism a top priority,
one of her first decisions in the early days of 2001 was to downgrade Clark's position as the national coordinator for counter-terrorism.
How is that making terrorism an elevated priority?
Is it not Richard Clark also, it is not.
He says Richard Clark also requested in January 2001 that President Bush convene a meeting of principal Bush officials,
the Secretary of State Secretary of Defense and the Attorney General,
but this meeting was postponed by Dr. Rice until September 4, 2001.
That seven-month gap represents time that a retrospect could have been used to prevent the 9-11 attacks.
The Clark Bakshers also insist that no more could have been done before 9-11 than what was done during the first eight months of the Bush presidency.
Oh, if that was the case, then why did Bush direct the airlines to lock cockpit doors after 9-11?
Why did the Bush administration decide to arm pilots, put more air part armartals on planes and federalize its security force,
doing screening at the airports?
Why did the Bush administration order attacks on Al Qaeda camps in Afghanistan,
if in the words of Bush spinners, we did all that we could pride in 9-11.
Why did Bush officials establish emergency financial task forces,
comprised of intelligence and law enforcement officials,
to hunt down the trails of terrorist financing if all had been done pride in 9-11?
The uncomfortable fact showed that Richard Clark proposed many of these measures in the early days of the Bush presidency
action was taken only in the aftermath of 9-11.
Here's the bottom line.
Richard Clark was right and the Bush administration and the people of the U.S. would have been better off
if his warnings in the early days of 2001 had been heated.
Rather than an attack of Richard Clark's character, Republican operatives should focus their venom on the terrorists who killed Americans
and the World Trade Center's Nefenegon.
George W. Bush had set the tone and thank his former terrorism chief,
apologized for this week's agrenist and focused on getting us some of in London.
As one American, I say thank you, Richard Clark.
Right, Larry Johnson.
We all saw him on MSNBC CNN during the lead-up and the war.
Can I say, and the interesting part is, Richard Clark, registered Republican,
Paulo Neil, the Republican Secretary of the Treasury.
Oh no, these are just all partisan liberals, man.
That's what it's all about, Neil. Right.
Whatever you say.
Morons.
56670560, pound 560.
Morons.
On the AT&T and Verizon line, which of these people do you think is the biggest liar?
George W. Bush 181.
Rush Limbaugh is moving to the second place with 40.
He just leapfrogged on OJ.
OJ and Donald Rumsfeld 38, Bill Clinton 31.
Dick Cheney is moving up the ladder nicely with 28.
Condoleezza 21.
Well, how are David at 14?
Michael Morton, John Kerry 8, Richard Clark 6, Greg Reed 6, tied with Richard Clark.
Colin Powell won and Miss Drudge don't have any at 430.
Probably most people figure Miss Fudge a small potatoes.
Yeah.
I mean, he was only the one that broke the Amonica Blue Dress story, you know.
Oh, I know.
A valley who'd that all around.
He's only the one that put on the screaming lights I was talking about yesterday.
Oh, John Kerry in the intern.
Here we go again.
That one didn't pan out.
Another trial balloon.
This one, they popped the balloon before it floated.
Of course, Miss Fudge, he's still floating.
26.
PAST 11 and 560WQM.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, and even zero discounted points.
Get that new low interest rate of just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are just $334 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, all you pay is $668 a month and don't forget.
Once you refinance or give new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay those nasty closing costs again.
So Colin, find out all the details.
There's no obligation.
Call 1-866-395-Lend.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve that move onto your next property with no further cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dot fees, zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25%.
It's called the only one mortgage from financial group and never pay closing costs again.
Call them today.
What's not to like?
Call 1-866-395-Lend.
That's 1-866-395-L-E-N-D.
They're in equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply.
Rates subjectives to change.
Monthly 4.21 APR.
My life and locals.
6-4205-60.
Way to go, yeah.
Now, she's another doxed you.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
I.
You.
You.
You.
You.
And she's buying bread is seven.
He let her.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
Because it's right yeah it'll kill you.
OK.
You do know that don't sure.
Stop everything.
Just a little bit of work
overwork lately.
He's got today.
He's got the day off.
Ei hanging this
week sslipin.
Can this be right?
This is one of the great things in History of Mankind. Did you look at this schedule for tomorrow yet, mister?
No.
He was reminded me about opening day, which is next week one day in a regular season.
Take a puke at what we got tomorrow.
Ooh, hey now.
Marlins on Dec. 1250 tomorrow, and the Marlins play the Orioles in Fort Lauderdale, a janky stadium at 105 tomorrow.
Means we got it to our 50-minute show tomorrow.
All right!
Holy moly, holy mackerel.
And next Tuesday, I think it is his opening day, am I correct?
And we get off at noon? He said something like that.
Wow.
Anyway, today let's get back to the day's schedule and stop bragging about the fact that you got less than three hours show tomorrow.
Kimba et to the Humper at 4.3 solid hours for the Hebrew hammer today.
A very tough assignment if you asked me.
That was right.
Perkhoon hotline at 7.
The big Orlando Elsec Query at 8.
Because we have got nobody else.
80K at 10, and then that's it.
And when's Joe coming back?
When's Joe Castello coming back on?
Damn it.
I don't know.
Let's get with it.
Come on Greg, you lion sack a crap.
Here's the whole story now in this kind of leaser business.
As much as the public gets.
In a reversal, National Security Advisor, Condoleezza Rice will testify in public under oath before the Commission of Estonia and the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
As long as the panel seeks no further public testimony from White House officials, the administration said that in those words, we'll throw your her and that's it.
Right?
Yeah.
In addition, President Bush and Vice President Cheney have agreed to a single joint private session.
They've agreed to a single joint.
They're going to share it.
It's usually like that.
Private session with all 10 Commissioners with one Commission staff member president to take notes of the session.
White House counsel El Berto Gonzalez said in the letter to the panel, speeding Gonzalez.
White House press secretary Scott McLeod on Air Force One with President Bush said the Commission had unanimously agreed to the administration's conditions for the testimony.
The decision was conditioned on the Bush administration receiving assurances in writing from the Commission that such a step does not set a precedent and that the Commission does not request additional public testimony for many White House officials including Dr. Rice.
And it goes on and on what we won't do this.
And we might have the decision to have Rice testified is made in the wake of the publication of former White House counterterrorism chief Richard Clark's book on which he charges.
That the Bush administration was slow to act against the threat of al-Qaeda and his David Korn and others have pointed out in the last couple days articles that we preferred to.
It isn't a question of opinion.
It happens to be matter of fact or was it Matt whoever was one of those Matt living somebody.
Here's a fact that says when I watched the footage of Bush being informed of the second plane I wanted about his reaction as did a lot of people.
I'm sure it appeared as though he nodded his head slightly and didn't speak a word.
He remains stoically staring in the space as if living in a surreal experience that the events he expected really came true.
I think he would have said the F word and gone to Air Force one immediately with the very least.
What have asked a few questions and issued a couple of orders to the informer I saw this immediately says our facts are today.
If you want to see it again go to neo-roger.com and take a puket that what is it in quick lockstep quick step quick quick time whatever it's that.
But the video is there the five minute video.
In fact I want to do we get audio with that too where he says Mary had a little lamb do we get that part the version I saw had audio.
Well that would be cute.
Let's take a look at that poll we got going today speaking of all these lies.
Which of these people do you think is the biggest liar George W. Bush nobody's going to touch him 204.
Nobody can come close to W. Rush Lombard those given to the shot 44 down the Rumsfeld 42 OJ 39 Bill Clinton 32 see the OJ should have 32 that was his number right.
That'd be appropriate.
Dick Cheney 31 kind of leases only got 23 please.
Oh my goodness Moe Howard David and 15 Michael Moore 10 based on what I have no idea just because we put him on there John Kerry 8 Richard Clark 8 Greg Reads got 6.
Good for the people inside the building when he goes out to lunch I guess they'll vote right.
The coast is clear.
Colin Powell's got a pair of Matt Rush he don't have any out of 464 your small potatoes miss drudge they don't care about you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA am hello.
Neil yes sir.
Man that's a good evening.
I like to vote on your poll if I'm still I'll say that vote on my poll.
I got I like to vote on the year how do you do that?
Well I don't have a computer maybe you can vote for me.
OK.
Condoleezza OK thanks.
Like I said.
I'm kind of enjoying it though and I'm going to do is I think this is a new format I'm going to
do.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
I'm going to do a new format.
Lyrics are not the
I heard them all cute in a campy sort of way.
No.
Some of them.
No.
A corny.
A corny.
A big hunk of love.
Big hunk of crap.
No, that's not it.
One night.
One dog.
One night.
One night what?
One night was here.
I remember that song one night.
Yeah, I remember it.
Blue.
That was good.
Blue something.
No, it was good.
I didn't like it.
I did.
Where the hell is it?
I don't tell me I don't have that.
You don't have it.
That is bad.
Oh, I'll find it.
I got enough Elvis here.
Man, I got Elvis up the old.
I can't say that.
But I can say ask just just all by itself.
You can't make it and connect with anything else.
You just have to say ask.
Just have nowhere.
Hey, how are you doing today?
Ask.
Don't ask.
I can't find one night.
And isn't that something because that's about the only one I really miss?
I mean, there's some other ones that are OK like maybe once every 20, 30 years.
I want you.
I need you.
I love you.
So corny.
I mean, uh.
I don't like that.
How about Return to Sender?
That was pretty good.
It's OK.
It was all right.
You didn't like that Return to Sender?
It was all right.
Huh?
I'm going to be back.
We turn the same time.
This is great.
I'm going to be back.
Oh, man.
If you're long gone to the evening, you can be on my tune.
Hey, I think that'll be on the QM Sports Option today.
Elvis's jockstrap is going to be honored.
I mentioned Clarice will be voting on that.
He'll be bidding.
I didn't hate this one.
You're right.
I just got your plans.
I know.
This is vicious minds a little bit of.
And if I can think I played more than enough, if you asked me, OK, we'll argue that when
we come back after the break.
I'm going to argue about Elvis today because your calls are so weak.
Vernon, love, I do like Vernon.
OK.
In fact, it's all right.
Ah.
Oh, my.
See, when you say that, I guess the audience thinks I just made that up about how we slept
with mommy until he was like almost 20 years old.
I mean, I say, just exaggerate a wee bit, but it's a little embarrassing, don't you think?
What does mom look like now?
Then not good.
19 till noon at 5.60.
In fact, I don't think too much difference between now and then.
Hey, when you shop for quality food, where great selection and professional service,
there's only one place to go.
I've been telling you about Brandy's in Pompano for a long time.
At Brandy's shoes, you'll find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes, the best
service in the best prices in town period.
At Brandy's, you'll find all the top names that you know and love and covet, like Rockport,
Floreshime, SAS, Spirry, Timberland Naturalizer, and lots more.
And with Brandy's Jumanger selection, the chances are they'll never say to you, sorry,
you don't have that style in your size.
You want it?
They got it.
So, find out for yourself.
I'm most of Brandy's customers, I don't really keep coming back, but usually by several
pair or is that pairs on each visit.
Brandy's is open daily at 9 to 9.
Sunday's 10 to 5.
You'll find them at 12.90, North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach.
12.90, North Federal.
It's always worth a trip no matter where you are.
And right now, it's a great time to save at Brandy's shoes because that means that all
men and women's famous brand names shoes are on special sale.
So stop and visit right now at Brandy's shoes.com.
We're changing the pool, by the way, Eric.
It's an Elvis pool.
Come up, one more time.
You'll see.
Hey, if you're log on to Evay, you can bid on my tune.
What you shouldn't be buying, I'll pin the top along with you.
And so I say, we turn my motor.
I want to get loud, that's my gold filling.
That's my glass, the one on the thousand.
That's quite the cost.
For that much money, can buy a lifetime supply of flows.
Here's a weirdo, buy as it is, you need therapy.
Because the only one does that is a thing to say to me.
And why?
And so I sing it, we turn my motor.
Come on, be a path.
Why would they option my route to now?
We turn my motor.
You got no right.
But you said on my teeth, the fact really bites.
But we turn my motor.
13 to 2560 WQAM.
I'm going to change the pool, I know Eric's going to feel put upon.
But that's okay, did a great job getting that picture up there
of W sitting in there with him little kids.
You think if they would have had an IQ contest in that classroom?
Well, that anyway, just a thought.
And anyway, let's change the pool.
Here's our new question.
Well, let me give you the results of that one.
They will shrink Hannah right away as soon as Eric can put the new one on there.
The other question, which of these people do you think is the biggest liar?
547 votes, that's not too bad.
Not too great.
George W. Bush 238.
Rush Limbaugh 52.
Don Rumsfeld 49.
OJ 48.
Dick Cheney 36.
Bill Clinton 33.
Condoleezah 26.
Mohawar David 23.
John Kerry 12.
Michael Moore 11.
Yine for Richard Clark.
Greg Reed still stuck on six.
Colin Powell for and Mr. Rush don't have any.
I don't think they know who the hell that is.
No.
Miss Fudge?
Out of 547.
Okay, here's the new pool question.
What's your all-time favorite Elvis Presley song?
Now, the first choice on there would be Elvis Sucks, right?
Okay, and I think that'll win.
Because there's so many songs, you know what I mean?
Right?
Our audience hates Elvis.
They despise Elvis.
They can't stand people that go to Graceland.
People who are living in a past.
People that like those Australians from down under that are schlepping in with their candles.
And holding candlelight vigils for Elvis waiting for him to come back in order to repeat or something.
What's that all about?
But there's a lot of choices on here, okay?
Now, we'll wait till Eric gets it up and then of course Josh and his own inimitable style can butcher up the spelling.
All of these are basically pretty simple words, you know?
That even Josh I think can handle like, how in dog?
Can you handle that?
Yeah.
Words that you've heard before as opposed to a lot of the names that we get on there like Gordon McCrae, Sheila, whatever the hell that thing was you had yesterday.
How are we phrasing the question again?
What's your take on Elvis?
Elvis living or dead?
Now the question is what's your all time favorite Elvis Presley song?
The first choice, Elvis sucks, which means they don't have a favorite Elvis song.
They don't like Elvis.
They can't stand Elvis.
Elvis makes them want to puke, okay?
There are a lot of people that feel that way.
Yeah.
Now even you won't vote for that though.
No.
Because there are Elvis songs not too many that you like.
I think Elvis sucks, but I still have a favorite Elvis song.
Right.
Okay.
Well, now wait a minute.
Should we make two?
No, no, no.
Come on, cut some slack for the king, baby.
A hound dog.
Now we'll start with a few obvious ones.
Okay, hound dog.
Don't be cruel, right?
Like I said, don't be cruel.
That's enough.
Oh, too much.
In fact, how many Elvis songs is too much?
One.
You're right.
99 and 9th, 10th percent of what he did was crap.
Corn.
Garbage.
And you know something?
Crow Perkins probably should have sued his ass.
Yes, he should have.
Well, it's one for the money.
For the show.
I'm thinking of Crow Perkins ass.
I agree.
Step on my blue Swedish you.
This wasn't a bad song, but it was a great song when Crow Perkins did it.
I think Crow Perkins wrote it.
Yes, I'm pretty sure.
Yes, he did.
Since you're one of those purists who says, oh, you can't be a musician unless you write your own music.
Right.
And Elvis write his own music.
No.
He write any music.
No.
Nothing I know of.
And he recorded it first.
Carl.
Let's see.
Blue Swede's shoe is written by Crow Perkins.
It says it right here on the insert on my package insert.
Everybody should have a package insert.
Yeah.
Watch it.
Write it down, Josh.
1151.
Tuesday, March 30th.
March.
The third man.
He said package.
Let's see.
Say, Eric, look at that.
The poll is down.
The old one we're getting the new one up there.
I think this is exciting.
That's what we needed today.
A little bit of diversion from all the other crap.
Now, let's see.
Here's a, here's a fact from Jane and Miami.
You know, it's really interesting that we get faxes from women.
We get suggestions.
Poll suggestions for women.
But we don't get any calls from women.
Maybe because we're doing the screenless thing.
They're outnumbered so bad.
But like yesterday, when we did the thing about, you know,
famous people who are not really all that great looking,
but they think are really hot.
We only had one woman calling that all day.
And that's that's so depressing and debilitating.
The women just don't love us.
Now, this, this, how do they do this by the way?
How do they put that kid in the picture with Bush?
It's on CNN right now again.
The kid yawning.
He's seven billion.
What's that?
What are your heart?
What are your heart?
The KDS worldwide pants.
They got this kid in a background who's yawning and holding it.
That's obviously a fake, right?
It was letterman.
It was unletterman.
So we know it was a fake.
It's too bad it wasn't real.
It would have been really good.
And then he said, Jane says, I'm a regular.
And by the way, woman listening to things you're great.
I am Jane.
The women just hate me like poison.
Because they're humorless bitches.
Also on the Democrat hate Bush believe Richard Clark etc.
However, I just want to correct your statement that Richard Clark is a registered Republican.
As Richard Clark admitted, I'll meet the press on it.
He voted for Gore in 2000.
I didn't want to say who we'll vote for this year.
I understand that, but he's still, you can vote for anybody you want.
But he's still a registered Republican.
I didn't just make that up.
He said it.
It's in the book.
He voted for Yadia.
He says, I'm not going to endorse Kerry.
That's what the White House wants me to do.
They want me to say on part, when you vote for him, that's my business card said.
So maybe he will, maybe he won't.
But he is a registered Republican.
And by the way, Jane, you better hope that many people who are registered Republicans also don't vote for Bush.
Besides Richard Clark.
I just mentioned that in passing.
So Jane, nice try.
Thank you for the memories, but you're wrong on that one.
At any rate.
Where are we going?
I mean, he did vote for Gore, but he's still a registered Republican.
Okay, you got that?
Is that so difficult to understand?
Oh.
Hound dog.
Loving you.
Oh, this makes me want to throw up.
These are horrible.
Oh.
Schmaltz.
Oh, did you hear the way he said that?
Yeah.
He said those words like he got it slumped with his mommy till he was about 30 years old.
About 30, man.
Listen.
I hold it like through.
Kind of like.
I will spend my life.
Put you up a little, Elvis.
Come on.
Loving you.
I mean, you call that singing.
I actually, when it comes to singing, put him almost in the same category with Dean Martin and Perry Como.
Oh, boy.
Well, you know what I mean?
Guys that couldn't sing a lick.
They might be able to lick, but they sure couldn't sing.
They're cool.
I'll shut up.
Well, the bless of my soul, the love of the wrong.
Got it.
We got it.
Are you writing these down, Josh?
He is.
Are we getting these on the computer on our pool?
Eventually.
Well, since my head's baby left, I'm going to find a new place to dwell on.
I'm going to tell it to you.
Now, I would say heartbreak hotel comes close to being like a real song, wouldn't you?
Yeah, it's adequate.
Adequate.
At the end of the blow of the street, that's heartbreak hotel.
Love being, love being just a lonely thing.
And that's where the singing stops right there.
It's a little bit like that.
In fact, also, let's put Bing Crosby in there too.
The great crooner, Bing Crosby.
Yeah.
There were those people, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, it was kind of stick.
You know, they really couldn't sing.
But it was just, there was nobody else around.
They picked up the slack and made a lot of money.
I have no talent.
I'm listening all that better, as if G.L.
has rocked nothing back.
But it is corny.
Oh, and now somebody says a little less conversation is the best thing to do.
I'm not going to play it.
That would be cool.
I'm not going to play it.
That would be cool.
That would be cool.
That would be cool.
That would be cool.
That would be cool.
Yeah, that would be cool.
Elvis, we're all going to Graceland.
Everybody have our advice.
Well, by the way, we just checked and Elvis is still dead.
Five and a look off.
This is five sixty.
The radio's all yours now.
He's coming back.
Hey, I'm Fraud, Iliana.
Ross Lateman.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new rocker harmonize the hour.
The guy in the pool.
Celebrity fragrances have reached dazzling new heights.
Elizabeth Taylor has white diamonds.
Jennifer Lopez has glow.
And now, Courtney Love has,
Plamedia.
Plamedia.
The enticing new aroma from Courtney Love's whole surprised the one you love.
By giving them, Plamedia.
Plamedia.
The contagious fragrance from Courtney Love.
Look for the bottle shape like a,
we just, just look for the bottle for the media available.
It smears right a JCPU and all gang greens locations.
Rob known at five sixty WQM.
We got a heavy do now.
I don't see Elvis sucks on it, Paul.
Yeah, Josh.
No, over seven.
And we can, we can put this up there anytime you want.
Eric, we can get this on it and leave you alone for the rest of the day while you eat your baloney.
Let's get that on it right away.
Elvis sucks.
That's going to win.
Yeah, yeah.
My vote.
One night.
One night.
Let's get that on it so I can vote and crack this thing open here.
One night.
Which I don't have that here.
I can't believe it.
I'm going to either.
You don't have it there either.
I mean, I didn't look through all the.
You're lying, CD.
He's lying, Josh.
He just don't want to play it.
This top ten hurts.
Doesn't have it.
No, it wasn't in top ten.
I got that same thing here too.
I don't know.
Cool records.
I don't get it.
How come one night is not here?
You know the song I'm talking about.
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
Let's see.
Jail House Rock.
We got that on here.
Yeah.
Too much.
Don't be cruel.
That's when your heart aches to begin.
You got that?
We did it.
Oh.
Oh my God.
Just unbelievably bad.
You're right, Jory.
Hear you.
That's when your heart aches to begin when the music starts.
How about?
A big, big, big, big, big.
Teddy Bear.
You're right.
He actually sucked.
I never really thought about it as much until I saw that thing.
An independent film channel.
He sent me off this morning.
And then you said, I mean, you know, it took a lot of courage on Jory's part to say for a little guy like George.
He sucked.
And you're right.
Most of these music was garbage.
You've got as many songs as he has of other people's songs as he has.
You've got that Teddy Bear.
You're following this now because I'm going kind of fast here.
You know what I mean?
Let's see.
If you had people writing a whole bunch of songs for you, a couple of them just by accident or bound to be good.
Right.
Now what about if you say this song sucks, they're going to be coming in.
They're going to be protesting, picketing the station even though you might have a point.
Here we go.
Up or down.
Down.
Oh, great.
Sorry.
So saccharine, man, that there are there are there are there are laboratory mice that are dying just from here and there.
I think they're treating a portion.
Get with that song.
Oh, treat me nice.
Where'd I want to put that door?
Where'd I want to put that door?
Where'd I want to put that door?
Where'd I want to put that door?
He might be, well, when we do that poll of the most overrated performers of all time, he might have to be right there at the top of the list, you know?
He is the key.
Yeah, give it a job.
Come on.
Anyway, you want me.
Anyway, you want me.
You got it.
Oh, God.
Oh, this one George doesn't like it.
I want you.
I need you.
I love you.
It's corn.
Is that candy corn?
Don't make me feel it.
Oh, now here's one that you might actually like a little bit.
I think it's okay.
One of him hillbilly things, you know?
That's all right, mom.
Yeah, it's all right.
Well, that's all right, mom.
That's all right, Bee.
Yeah.
That's all right, mama.
Just anyway, it's true, that's all right.
That's all right.
Okay.
Actually, listen to that voice out, somebody swees him with a voice, you know?
Sweesn is private.
Yeah, probably mama.
What?
Baby.
Baby.
Baby.
Baby.
Baby.
Baby, let's play a house.
What kind of directive is that?
You know, I think that we hit the motherload today.
I think we stumbled into the biggest problem of all time.
The problem in the world today.
It's not fundamentalist religion.
It's not crazy political leaders.
It's Elvis.
I think Elvis has driven a world man.
Those people that were screaming about Elvis when he was on
Ed Solomon in the other TV show, Steve Allen in the beginning,
I think they may have had a point.
I think Elvis has turned the entire human race
into a bunch of lunatics.
Mystery train, this ain't too bad.
Ain't too good, but they're too bad.
Up on that mystery train.
It's terrible, like I said, that.
Well, it's the one falling on it.
You got blue-sweight chills.
But you get a red and I go, bad, go, bad.
But double-sweight.
Step on my blue-sweight chills.
You got it.
Oh!
Well, you can do anything.
But they deal with my blue-sweight chills.
Oh, right.
But you can knock them down.
You're ripping my face off.
So, I'm slipping on my nail all over the place.
I'm going to learn the fact that you're going to do it.
I'm going to hang on.
I'm going to shoot and don't shoot.
You've turned.
Step on my blue-sweight chills.
Yeah, Carl Perkins should have stood his hands.
Well, it's just not the way it works, you know?
Anyway, what do we got so far?
Elvis sucks 11.
Your all-time favorite Elvis Presley,
so I'm going to have the new pole out there.
I'll shook up two.
Jailhouse Rock two.
One night, that was my vote.
Little less conversation one.
That was a, and we know who it is.
And I'm out as the first 17 votes.
Just went on there like now.
Let's get a million votes on this.
Okay, because we discovered today that Elvis is the problem
in the world.
It is.
It really is.
All of these other people that you're blaming,
Bush and Condoleezza and this one and the Clinton
and all of these other people.
It's not them.
It's not even the alkyt of people.
It's not all these other crazy, fundamentalist,
born-again, lunatic, religious, it's Elvis.
Because that's a religion to itself.
Yeah.
When I saw those people this morning on that flick,
what the hell was it named in that thing?
Taking care of Elvis.
On independent film channel.
It was the following a group, an entourage that
slept, that tricked all the way from Australia to Graceland
to pay tribute to Elvis.
And they had a candlelight vigil outside of Graceland.
And they all sat there with their candles lit
and all their little pictures of Elvis all around.
I'm not talking about a few people.
I'm talking about hundreds and hundreds and hundreds
of crazy people.
Of which there are millions of these people in the world.
I mean, there was only a few from Australia there,
but there are millions of these people running around loose.
You know what?
They love him tender.
Oh, did you get that honor?
Yeah.
Love them sick contenders.
They'll kill you by the way.
Look at that.
Elvis sucks has got 18 votes out of the first 29.
Not looking too good for the king.
W.A.C.A.M.
Hello.
Nobody there on the Elvis line.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Elvis line.
Nobody QA.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I know you don't like multiple nominations,
but there's just so many Elvis funds that are actually
pretty good.
OK.
Well, let's hear what some of them are.
Well, his latest way.
I read the name of his latest way.
And that's a great song.
That was not when it was a great song.
It was OK.
His latest way.
Little sister.
Little sister was a pretty weak right?
Oh, come on.
And the latest stuff, I think you mentioned
this is mine.
Kentucky Rain was a good song too.
I would agree with that.
In fact, I got it here somewhere.
I'll put a little bit of that.
Kentucky Rain was good.
Thank you.
OK.
And you too.
Well, how do you like that?
He said his latest flame.
Da-da-da-da-da-da.
And Marisa name is his latest flame.
Now, do we even put burning love on air?
Because that one is good.
We're doing it right now.
Burning love.
Return to sender.
OK.
And all the Elvis haters and all the punks out there.
We don't know from Elvis.
Well, you know what, too bad.
You might learn something today.
You might learn what really bad music's all about.
I mean, that's right.
What?
I was the one I just said Kentucky Rain.
I know I had that here somewhere.
Huh?
Any bad?
Any too bad.
This one that you might actually say, yeah, I
would have slew a couple of bars of it.
Yeah, I didn't set out to hate Elvis, you know.
It just happened organically.
I see.
Oh.
Not good.
I take that what I just said.
Not good.
Seven.
Boy, it's been a long time.
Not long enough.
I reached out one night.
You were gone.
Oh, my god.
It's a terrible song.
What about fever?
Piggy Lee, huh?
Piggy had that big mole on her foot.
That was a way to play down Josh.
Come on.
People in the morning and you know what, tonight.
I'm a fever.
I'm a good partner.
We're just thinking about that chick.
We have fever fever.
I think we just don't play that one too.
Oh, here's one.
I got a woman.
Yeah.
I got a woman.
We across.
Kids are crazy.
Oh, yeah.
In this last call, how could he have left out one of the most famous?
And one of my least favorite song that would make you stop out of church forever?
In the ghetto.
Got that one down Josh.
On a cold, a gray Chicago morning.
A cool little baby.
God.
I'm just touching it in.
That's what happened.
I discovered today that George is not always wrong.
Once in a while just by accident, he stumbles into something, a real bucket of stuff.
He's right.
He's stuck.
He's stuck.
God.
So, you know, I looked through all these golden records here.
Yeah.
And I found Blue Swade shoes by Carl Perkins.
No.
No, all the songs at all on any of these.
Did you know?
Well, that's because they couldn't get those.
I don't understand because I see a head of copy right on that.
It's not because they wouldn't want to put them on.
Are you crazy?
It happens that way with the vehicles too.
Right.
You ain't nothing but a head of the gun.
Now, what was the other one he said?
Oh, there's a whole bunch of money.
We got suspicious minds.
What about good luck charm, if you must?
Right.
Oh, and another one that really was a big hit.
And it was just horrible.
It was the flip side of one of these levels.
Don't.
I got a good one for you.
I don't think I have it here.
It's one that I like.
And you might actually, too, want you to wear my ring around your neck.
Wear my ring around your neck, is the name of the song.
There's one.
You have it?
I don't remember that one.
I don't have it.
You don't know the song?
What you wear my ring around your neck?
Yes, you do.
You know, that song played a million times.
You got it there somewhere.
My God, I can't believe you.
You're just the entire of us.
What the hell is this?
I know that, but how can I be honest this?
It's not supposed to be in that spot.
Where did I walk through for that door?
Where did you bring your beautiful lights?
The part-headed woman, Big Honk Alav.
This is a disc that does the numbers don't match the manual.
Maybe I have the wrong disc in there.
All these songs and rapids, I've never listened to actually, you know, like an Elvis's greatest
hits.
Yeah, a lot of these sound awfully similar to each other.
Yeah.
Well, let me ask you, if you played a lot of the stone songs, many of them sound the same.
Perhaps, but a lot of the early Beatles songs, they all sound the same.
The Beatles' early stuff was garbage, you didn't look right.
I like the early Beatles.
What about a hard-headed woman?
You like the early Beatles?
Like, please, please me?
Not like the latter day Beatles, but nevertheless, it was just fine for its time.
Oh, it was horrible.
She loves you.
Oh, my goodness.
Hard-headed woman, you got it?
Yeah, that's a good one.
And a big hunk of...
I got that too.
Big hunk of love.
It's a big hunk of crap.
Hey, babe.
Boy, he sure had a lot of hits.
Forgot to couldn't say.
How about stuck on you, man?
Stuck on Jews.
I'm a dreamy...
And then, of course, it was always.
It's now or never.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
It's not never...
How about now?
And?
And?
How could you forget one of the classic Elvis songs, man?
This is the fit of the Elvis.
Really crunin' and moanin'.
Are you long, so...
No.
Do you?
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Great minds work alike, as usual.
So, the list is growl, man.
We're gonna have 8,000 Elvis songs feet of old on,
or you can just say, Elvis sucks, which I'm convinced I'm gonna change my vote.
Elvis just blew.
12, 13, and 5, 60 WDQM, if you're in a dead-end job, man.
Like, you're hanging out at Graceland all the time,
trying to find some of Elvis's bubblegum cards.
If you're underpaid and overworked,
you'd like to have yourself some skills, man,
so you can get yourself some real cash.
Get your hands on a real job.
Here's a way to do it.
Make one easy call to our friends at Fast Train.
Total free, 1-866 Fast Train.
They can have your train in Suridh 5
for a brand new high-paying computer network professional career.
And just four months' time, what's not to like?
That's true.
You can be fully trained and ready for a great new career
as well as four short months.
Fast Train offers day-evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule.
They offer job placement assistance
and financially, the people will qualify too.
Seven convenient locations are waiting for you.
So don't wait.
Change your life with a better, get out of your dead end
and get yourself some real skills
and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Call them today.
First check them out in the web if you like at FastTrain.com
and then make that call once and for all.
Call Total Free 1-866 Fast Train.
We're supporting you 5-CG-U-A-M.
Neil Rogers.
I will bless my soul with wrong with Lisa Marie.
Now we gotta pervert up the family tree.
I'll spin and in my grave and I'm about to throw up.
I jiggies ask, if I could get dug up.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, well, my legs are right that and my arms fell off.
So cold in the grave, I got a nasty call.
Looking at pops popping my butt at your butt.
My boss is a ass.
If I could get dug up.
Oh, yeah.
Well, a break is jowling, giving two black eyes.
The nose was swelled to its original size.
I bleach his skin till he's all gone.
A banding over while a cheerplugs are so do me a favor.
But you love me.
Bring a backhoe to the cemetery.
There's a lommelove and pet a file.
I gotta feed up, but I can't.
Oh, let's get dug up.
Oh, yeah.
Somebody dig me up.
There you go, Tracy and Ken Let's for you.
She facts and says, I love many Elvis songs,
but my vote for the poll is, burn love.
I would agree that's pretty good song.
It's all right.
And we got a bit we can play.
We just saw the song.
Well, we can't play the Volcan Brian tribute to Elvis.
I just auditioned after in a break.
It's a good thing I did because it's got a lot of those
Raspberry kind of sounds, but they're not raspberries.
What bit is that?
I don't know.
Oh, burn in love. You said we got a bit.
Oh, we do.
No, that one. The one you just played.
Oh, I see.
I could get dug up.
That's we got burning roids, but I don't think we can play that.
Can we?
Let's play as much as we can.
That's our audition.
Oh, all right, then.
Oh, we make it three seconds.
Oh, man.
Woo.
That was one of the shortest auditions in history,
even the even the Gong show they were going to anybody off that
bass.
Wow.
Yeah, for many reasons.
Wow. That was shocking.
Anyway, Tracy says I'm a closet of his fan.
I was a graceful and a January in love that it's definitely a musty for the
Elvis fan.
The only sad, actually pathetic thing I saw with people crying during the
tour.
Everything you say about Elvis is what people crying during the tour?
Yes.
About what?
About the fact that the king is gone.
Don't you understand?
This is very serious business, Mr.
but his music and family live on live on.
And RCA is real happy about it.
Everything you say about Elvis is right on.
In fact, the first song he sang for some records was a birthday
ballad for his mama, although he's known as the king of rock.
That's all right.
Mama was his first hit.
Did I just played a little that tonight?
Yeah.
Yeah, you did.
All the everyone to sing with slow ballads and I hate all of them.
She says, could you play the song about Elvis turning our
just in?
More importantly, says Tracy over the weekend.
I watched Bill Clinton speak of the Democratic unit.
He was in there and he was nothing short of amazing.
I saw that he was great.
Like always, he's sensational.
My husband and I agreed we'd vote for him again in the instant.
Amen.
Though we can't run for president.
We agree with your idea of Clinton running for VP.
Maybe we could start a website.
Clinton for VP.com and force him to run and save us from the Bush
regime.
Thanks, Tracy, but we got enough on our plate already.
Okay.
Enough campaigns.
And we're not doing too good on this one right here.
I'm amazed.
We needed what 96 to get to 14,000.
Yeah.
In Florida.
And we still need 70.
That's not all that exciting.
Huh?
We can do it.
We got 70 to go to get to 14,000 stop FCC.com.
Let's get with it.
Okay.
We're trying to entertain you with some Elvis, which is probably
why they're not voting.
Okay.
They're probably gone.
They're probably rushing over to rush now to pop up.
Like I said.
For a week it's my heart's on fire.
Surrender.
One of the all-time worst Elvis songs.
What about good luck, Charm?
That's kind of innocuous.
Uh.
Yeah.
Uh.
Oh, yeah.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Horrible.
Just awful.
I mean, seriously, I forgot I had how many thousand songs
did he record?
About 30, man.
And all those gospel ballots and all of that crap too.
And out of all of that, I have like only maybe a two or three that we could honestly say,
well, that was some really good crap, you know.
If he didn't have that act, how many hits do you think he does?
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I don't have this one either.
Maybe I do.
Maybe I don't.
The Wonder of You.
I heard.
Uh.
Right at Pace Off Time, too, the Wonder of Jews.
I don't think I have that.
I wonder how our some of these, oh, here it is.
I do have it.
And I'm against somebody forced to play like a little tiny bit of it.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Thank you so very much.
Are you Lonesome tonight?
Do we already just play our Relobs?
I think I just wonder of you.
I wonder.
At any rate.
Well, it was one of those things in its time.
You know, I mean, I'm not going to be able to do it.
I mean, in its time, I'm sure Rudy Valley was great too in his time.
I remember Rudy in the Valley.
I'm really pissed off about the fact that it's taken so long.
In fact, if you look at the last five people to sign a petition on stopfcc.com,
Alan from Massachusetts, they're in from California,
Vin from Massachusetts, Brad from Texas, Carolyn from New Jersey,
those are the last five.
Anybody from Florida?
No.
No.
I got news for our guarantee that there are thousands of you people have been doing.
Nothing last week and a half.
We've been talking about this.
Sitting on your ass.
Oh, genius.
That's really interesting.
But can we do something a little more fun than that?
You know, we don't want to sign no petition.
Get with it.
How many radio shows need to go off the air before you find a discover
that freedom of speech is dead?
About 30, man.
Well, we're on our way.
Believe me.
Oh, here's some good news.
Though patient wins the right to fly with pot.
Okay.
A man who legally smokes marijuana from a dissonal perposis
should have been allowed to board a Delta Airlines flight with a drug federal official said.
But the US Department of Transportation dismissed a complaint filed by stockbroker Irvin Rosenfeld,
who alleged that the airline discriminated against him when ticket agents refused to let
him board a flight in 2001 from Fort Lauderdale to Washington.
Rosenfeld is suffered a chronic bone condition as legally smoked pot since he was placed in the
federal government's medical emergency we need program in 82.
He's among fewer than 10 people who have the right to carry marijuana under the program,
which stopped accepting new patients in 92.
A Delta spokesman said the airline had no comment.
The government report released Friday said Rosenfeld's conduct or an incident amounted to grandstanding.
Rosenfeld said marijuana is the only medication effective in treating a rare bone disease causing tumor growth,
muscle spasms and internal bleeding.
He smokes about 12 joints each day and plans to appear the order.
Grandstanding.
I mean, I mean, minor things like internal bleeding, muscle spasms, tumor growth,
only minor things like that.
He was grandstanding.
Cry, baby.
How sad.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
It's an all Elvis Tuesday, baby.
How's it coming?
What's your all-time favorite Elvis Presley song?
Elvis sucks 40.
All shook up 10.
Jailhouse Rock 9.
A little less conversation 8.
Sucks.
Houndog 6.
Luswade 2.
Six.
Five for one night.
I like one night.
It's very good.
I wish I had it.
That's all right, Mama 3.
Loving you 3.
Burning Love 2.
Kentucky Rain 1.
Did we get Return to Center on here or not?
Hmm.
Because if we don't have Return to Center on here, I'm going to be really, really upset.
Look at all those songs on there.
My God.
Only 107 votes though.
Because they're really, they're all gone.
I don't see Return to Center.
Did you miss on that one?
It's getting on their neck.
It's, yeah.
Oops.
Return to Center.
That could be one of the ones that's even worth, uh, look.
And I play that Return My Mole or Thing.
It's kind of like a little subdubable, uh, suggestion there.
And just look right on by.
See, this is the kind of stuff you have to put up with, Josh.
You can't, can't every day have like a really hot, great stuff that you want to hear about, like naked women, things like that.
Okay.
And this is, no, this is the punishment you get for, uh, sucking up to that Lucy Lou.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
In fact, you know something.
I'd rather listen to Elvis the next hour than ever see Lucy Lou again.
You sure about that?
I love Lucy, but not that Lucy.
Okay.
Lucy, a ball.
Great.
Lucy Lou.
There.
Nicely looking.
Wow.
In fact, I said it's time to start checking out a little action over there in China myself.
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
If you want to know more, I was speaking of Chinese.
You know, there's 400,000 Chinese people in Toronto.
I do know.
And I would say half of them look a whole lot better than Lucy Lou.
Even most of the guys are pretty and she is.
But anyway, if you want to know a lot more about following a low carb diet, here's the deal for you.
Head forward to lights of West Boka, whether you're starting on re or restarting the Atkins Sugar Buster, South Beach,
or any low carb sugar free diet, the lights of West Boka's always been the number one low carb store in the universe.
And for good reason, because you can't tap their selection, baby, over 1200 low carb products to choose from, including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips, brownies, chocolates, carbohydrates, carbohydrates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes,
and the list goes on almost forever.
And don't forget, if it's brand new and great tasting in the low carb field, the lights will have it before anybody.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You can always try anything Mr. before you buy.
They got a friendly knowledgeable staff that really knows dieting inside and out.
And the lights they carry, the most complete line of Atkins brand's products are on sale today, all day, every day.
The lights is on the northeast corner of Glades in 441, right next to Boston Market.
You can call them tool free, 1-877 low carb LOWCARB, that's W, runawaywithlowcarb.com.
And don't forget, there's only one to light the West Boka's official Atkins retail center.
I am low. This is sports waiting in the city.
You weigh in.
Please, they're not talking.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you very much.
This air is the king.
I know I haven't been around for a while, but I want y'all to know that up here in Rock and Roll, heaven.
I'll be thinking of you, Miss Christmas.
I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like, how about a little piece of that pie going by.
Thank you.
I'll go back.
A lot of old saying, Christmas is a time of hoot.
A time of joy.
A time of love.
And I sure would love it.
Take slides about teaching you to go out there.
Like a hopeful boy.
Oh, yeah, Christmas.
Now Christmas to me means family.
And family means friends.
And friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
Oh, pass me that drumstick.
Which please.
Oh, thank you.
Now, just one more lady right now.
You know, I may be a big star.
Maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a helping hand.
A helping hand.
Well, would you hand me a helping of those knives that they'd are going there?
Which please.
Like it.
Like it.
Like it.
Now, like I was saying, ain't nobody so big.
You can't stoop to help a friend of need over the holidays season.
Speaking of season, you won't pass me that soft sugar when you get the chance.
Like it.
Yeah, just, just don't screw the color.
That's right.
Thank you.
I got a moment.
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.
and us?
Now, now, leave those steak tips right where they are.
You know what I mean?
Appreciate it.
I want you to remember, we're all part of God's great big family.
And you know God made man into his own image.
And look at the mirror.
I'd have to say God must be a big, big center of again.
You know what I mean?
I like it here.
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Paul Krogman writes,
Jail House Rock 15,
A Little Us Conversation 12,
Suspicious Minds 11,
Houndog 11,
In the Ghetto 9,
Lusway Choos 8,
Return to Center 8,
One Nights Got 7,
Kentucky Rain 6,
That's all right, Mama.
The move will be off to say,
You're pushing me off the side of the bed,
Four,
Love Him Tender,
What does that say?
Love Him Tender,
Love Him Tender,
Might be a little bit of a Freudian slip there.
I'm telling you,
this puts that you got sitting there, man.
I would say his brain is the size of a,
Does it know any of these songs?
I'd say his brain is the size of a,
See him?
Yeah, you got it.
Love Me Tender,
Love Me Tender,
What do you want to hear?
Bernie, all right,
What do you say?
And the rest of him got like almost nothing,
But you'll see this is going to build, man,
We have 80 million votes on here.
By the time the Elvis people on around America
and the world find us,
It's going to have votes up the old ass.
See, I said it again.
Ass.
No, no.
No, what Kennedy said?
Ass, not what you can do for your country.
Something like that.
WQ William, hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, man?
I have a pretty good song for the Elvis.
Okay.
He's not all the greatest,
But there's a couple of ones that are standouts.
I think it's one called,
If I can dream,
It's excellent song.
If I can dream?
If I can dream,
I don't know what album is on or any of that stuff,
But it's pretty powerful.
That's my vote.
Okay, thanks.
I can't. I love you, chef.
That's a lot.
If I can dream, there's one for you.
Another one we forgot.
Oi.
How was it?
How was it?
How was it?
How was it?
A fool such as I got that.
Got it.
Good.
I mean, there's another one too
That probably has got to be on the list.
Nobody's called it in yet.
Oh, my God.
But all apologies to Don Ho.
Or we can't say hello, Marm.
So we've done this.
This is the moment.
This is almost the same as the rich Sanchez songs.
You know, The Wedding Song.
I have waited for the Wedding Song.
I can hear my heart singing.
All your life.
Wow, that's pretty weak.
The Wedding Song.
Got it.
Got it.
Oh, my God.
We could have played all of these
and killed a lot of good time,
but that would have been bad.
Then how many people would be left?
About 30 men.
Nobody.
Because I don't care if only 31.3% said Elvis sucks.
I think the other people just ran away.
And I don't blame him.
Sorry.
Don't forget you got a couple of hours to go.
logon.wqm.com.
Make your bids for the first ever
QAM online auction.
Now, let me ask you something.
Because this facts is unacceptable.
Where is the money going?
You see what I'm saying?
Where is it going?
The money for this auction.
In other words, they're it.
No, this has got to be for charity, right?
Says who?
Says what?
So in other words,
Clarence is going to put the money in his pocket.
Is that what you tell me?
Somebody's pocket.
No, this has got to be for charity.
He forgot to put it on there.
It's got to be for good cause.
Oh, I'm sure.
Yeah, you're sure.
It would have been nice though if he
would have said in a facts what it was for though.
Clarence, you idiot.
You're simple and simple.
You little pansy you.
Lots of people.
The greatest items up for auction, including a sky box for 12 to Marlon's Braze game.
An autographed on Shula football signed by the Brainstem.
An autographed for Ricky Williams football.
A framed and signed Dan Reno photo.
Front row tickets to the Panther final home game of the season against Carolina.
That's the Carolina Hurricanes and the Great Ron Francis.
Not.
So log on register and start bidding at wqm.com because the auction ends at three o'clock this afternoon.
And maybe by the end of the show we'll find out where the money's going.
Because if we're going to.
No, if it's not going to charity,
if we're going to keep promoting, we should have a little split amongst us.
Don't you think?
It's a hit straight.
Where the hell's the money going, Clarence?
WQM Elvis line.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Viva Las Vegas.
Viva Las Vegas.
How could we forget that in the back of the family?
All right.
All right.
All right.
Viva Las Vegas brings back memory of those horrible Vegas strips.
Don't it?
Oh, man.
With Bob Lincoln.
Because he was singing.
He was singing Bob Lincoln was thinking.
Viva Las Vegas.
And of course that was after we went through all of that crap.
Were you on both of those?
Were you on the second one?
All of the.
Oh, God.
Wow.
And Fat Rich was busy there not minding his own business but telling Bob
Lincoln.
Oh, don't worry.
He won't be upset.
He'll forget about this right.
I remember the stink bombs.
I remember the silly string.
You getting spring.
Right.
That's right.
Uh-huh.
Which was funny, actually.
Was it really?
Well, it wasn't.
If I wouldn't have been a better mood, I wouldn't have minded so much.
Except for the fact we had gone through all of that crap and everybody in the
entourage right pissed off at me since it was my deal.
Oh, man.
I'm sitting there with all that green silly string all over my purse.
Man.
I'm hyperfinally.
Yeah.
You're good buddy Scotty Mac.
What a simple demand.
He was so perfect for that.
I did that one time.
About 15 years old.
Yeah, I'll bet.
Man, just pathetic.
Anyway, that's a Vivo Las Vegas.
It's a fun song.
It's okay.
You know, I wouldn't say it's a great song.
It's going to go down to the anals of music history as one of the all time.
I wouldn't put it in the same category with any of the music by the doors, for example.
No, it's more fun.
I just say that as kind of a humorous aside.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah.
I just wanted to say that Elvis was a patty and his music songs, but he did walk into the
White House with a gun.
So you got to give him some respect.
There you go.
Never thought about that.
Good point.
And the worst part of the video is that Nixon was inside at the time.
So I guess he missed his chance.
Just like what's his name said, Salotto and Godfather, I had my chance.
I am the hunted one five six seven oh five six something like that.
I don't know.
See how quick they forget something like that.
All those great lines.
I had the whole day movie memorized once upon a time in America, but now hold different story.
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy.
Yeah.
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
And now you want to go down a police cap and one because he slapped you in a face a little bit.
Huh?
What do you think?
The army where you shoot him a mile away.
You're going to get a boat like this.
The big your bloody brains all over your nice side relief suit.
Come here.
Huh?
You're taking a spare.
The big your bloody brains all over your nice side relief suit.
The big your bloody brains all over your nice side relief suit.
There are a few people like James Con man.
He's great.
He really is dynamite.
Oh, he got the pretty old though.
Happens to the best of us.
How many QA am hello?
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
I heard you were having a poll on liars.
Right.
I want to add to your consolidate that.
Why is that?
No, I'm a long time.
What do you lie to you about?
He said he wasn't married.
He didn't know.
He didn't lie to me personally.
But I know him personally.
Well, that was.
He lied to everybody.
Please share.
Yeah, it's fine.
Huh?
About what?
Everything.
Well, give me an example.
About what?
Oh, my God.
Uh, yeah.
Let's see.
How good he is.
At the right.
How good he is with the right.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Wow.
What do you want to mean about the women?
You've got to cure me of that.
I'm not.
I mean, of all people for me to be begging for women.
I can't just say you guys begging for women for various reasons.
I just forget about it.
Okay.
I need to have that taken out of my mind.
Well, what the hell difference is to make?
We're doing just fine.
Okay.
So next time I start with that crap.
Just say, uh, got about it.
That's right.
Wow.
What a bad idea.
Yeah, we were taking a poll on it.
President Lincoln, by the way, still got a bad headache.
Joe Castello is a liar.
WQA.
Hello.
Line nine.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I have a.
You have a.
Okay.
Uh, the reason why I'm choosing this one is because of.
The real is, I mean, it's like a life experience.
Uh, in the ghetto.
In the ghetto.
I think we put that on it.
We did.
Oh, okay.
Thanks, pal.
Thank you.
I'll see in the hood.
In the ghetto.
Well, I mean, I don't know why he said that.
Was that to like elicit sympathy or something?
I mean, we could probably taken some of the money from the auction and shipped it off to this guy.
Sound like he could use it.
Wooden heart.
Da, da, da, da.
Did we put Kentucky rate on there?
I'm pretty sure we did.
It's pretty weak.
See, the passage of time may be think that this song of all these other horrible ones was a lot better.
But now, let me ask you this question before we do the break.
Now, somebody made a good point before maybe it was on one of them faxes there that we're judging him based on, you know, uh,
it's very difficult to judge people out of context within the era that they were popular in.
That is correct.
So I do consider the era that they were in and what was going on.
Right.
At the time, and there was much better music going on.
Right.
So we consider all of these things we examine all of these things and then we say he sucked.
Oh, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one for two hours.
I can't believe I'm the weather.
I am the weather.
Well, it wasn't even close.
I terminated for all great things.
The people didn't seem to care.
I grabbed the poopies.
I'm the little miss.
California has spoken out of the weather.
Lots of women said I found them in all.
It was like 33.
But that don't care.
And the water's okay.
Because now I'm done to grow a native of the California G.O.P.
Well, I used all of my muscle and I used all of my sex appeal.
I'm very hot.
I guess the voters didn't care that I made all those big mouthful cheeks to school.
Well, if you're honest with your public and you tell them you had a final screen.
You tried to make me give you like it did me and it led you to the G.O.P.
Isn't he changing the song?
Who's come on to this old Batman Super Mario brother never had a thrill?
The voters start about to take it in his little pack man on the way up.
With a little teeny tiny hose.
I'm the victor, I'm the winner and my hot wife is a candidate.
And now I'm the new group of native of the California G.O.P.
You know, he should have been on the euphold yesterday.
Don't you think?
I mean, I'm supposedly a lot of women think that he's really hot.
He's grotesque looking.
Looks like he's got the mask of death over his face.
But he's a lot of women think he's really hot stuff.
They could open it.
And by the way, he ain't going to participate in that investigation.
5.6705.60.505.60 on the 18th and 10th Verizon Wireless Line.
A very important question today for America.
What's your all time favorite Elvis song?
Elvis sucks 72.
How did that go?
29.1%.
Jailhouse Rock 20.
All Shrinkup 17.
A little less conversation 15.
I might be forced to play a little bit of that teeny tiny bit.
Suspicious Minds 15.
Hound Dog 13.
Blue Swage used 12.
In the get-toe 10.
Return to sender 9.
That's all right, Mama 8.
One night 8.
Kentucky Rain 7.
Loving you 6.
Burning Love 6.
It's now in number 5.
Loving me 10 or 4.
And pretty small after that.
But like I said, there will be 80 million votes on there when they're all counted.
Now, during the news break or the other news break.
For just a second there, I had memories of working on a real radio station that had news.
During a commercial break, there it is.
Oh, we're going to do it easy now.
See that?
I said we had a big flurry on there during the break.
13.
What?
Also during the break, Josh, you need to tell me what the name of the charity is.
And what is that?
The Beasley Broadcast Group 04 Presidential Campaign Fund.
Come on.
No, I'm sorry.
Seriously?
Yes.
The Beasley Broadcast Group.
I'm done.
What does that mean?
The company.
The company?
The easily broadcast bankruptcy prevention fund.
Now, you have to be making this up.
This has to be a joke.
All right.
The Beasley Broadcast Group 04 Profit.
The first QAM online auction and we're doing this for profit and not for charity.
Yes.
Well, why didn't you tell us that first?
I would never have promoted this.
What is there you are?
You just said that.
What is that?
And that is, man, I don't want to be a party to that.
If I want to take the money to get from that and give it to us so we can take our ad out in USA today, first off, FCC.com.
Of course, they wouldn't want to do that.
Those right wingers over to Naples.
Would they?
No.
No.
Vernon Love.
Don't we have Bernie Love on there already?
We got Bernie Love.
Thank you, Stu, but we already got your Bernie Love.
Oh, yeah.
The Christmas tunes.
Blue Christmas.
Since we already played Blue Elvis.
We didn't play Blue Elvis, did we?
No.
Well, we will.
Eventually.
Okay.
So let's get that on it right away.
Blue Christmas.
From Dave from Penfield.
You believe we got somebody listening in Penfield, New York, which is a suburb of Rochester?
Wow.
That is exciting.
Okay.
13,984.
So we need to do a 16 more signatures by two to get to 14,000 for Florida.
16, or only 2.27 behind Texas.
You're right.
Tomorrow will be the day.
We'll pass them like they're standing still.
That will look at total.
Huh?
That'll be the day tomorrow.
Pass up them Yahoo's.
But at any rate, that what you just told me is so mind blowing.
So he was serious when he said that?
Yes, we're all very serious here.
How is that possible, though?
What do you mean?
I mean, that's the chinsiest thing I ever heard of in my life.
And you're fine.
They're aweshing off a bunch of stuff.
I mean, radio stations do that for charity.
For some worthwhile cause.
They don't do it so they can stuff the money in their own pocket.
That's right.
Radio stations do that.
Oh, I see it.
I forgot.
How silly.
WDQA.
Hello.
A. N.O.
Yes, sir.
Did you have caught in a trap on there?
Caught in a trap.
We did not that, but we do now.
That's the only thing I want.
That's the only thing I need.
So you mentioned yesterday.
That's why I to poke John Paul.
I go to mass on Saturday just so I could see the football games on something.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay.
Thank you.
How do you like that?
There's a guy that still wants to go to heaven and not to go to hell.
But he goes on Saturday to fulfill his obligations.
But he don't want to miss his football on Sunday.
So what he basically says to the Pope is, whoop raspberry.
Well, I don't know what shocked me more today.
The Elvis thing on the independent film channel, which I apologize for wasting all this time with his Elvis crap.
But that were the fact that we got this radio station.
And again, what a weakling I am.
I should have asked in the beginning.
But it seemed to me that I had thought this was for like one of the charities that Mogets involve with or guilty or something like that.
And this is not.
This is not connected with any good worthwhile cause.
It's a rip off.
It's let's go.
Well, you know something.
I got a good idea.
I'll find a bunch of crap.
Yeah, we got crap here.
You know, no, seriously, how about all those tickets instead of giving them, well, Josh has already got the Dolphin tickets.
But how about those Marlon tickets and a Panther tickets?
I might get a few cent.
But third, man.
Which one of those?
Well, I'll just start off shooting them off on our website.
Speaking of memorabilia, since that's the kind of thing they're offering.
Right.
You've got all these plaques and trophies that you've won over the years up here.
Right.
That's right.
They're not worth a crap to me.
But I bet you some of us suck around them.
I mean, some collector would be delighted to have them.
We have reached.
I want the audience to mark this down.
Okay.
We have reached a low point in the history of WQA radio.
I thought when the two live Jews owned the station.
Sunshine wireless or whatever was.
I thought when those guys owned it, it was pretty nasty.
It was really weak.
But right now today, March 30th, 2004, we have reached the lowest point in the history of this place.
How low can you go to have us promoting this thinking it's for some worthwhile cause?
I mean, like, I've never heard of such a thing.
Have you?
Anywhere.
They'll quite honestly do.
Wow.
Holy moly.
560.560 on the AT&T.
I can't understand if Cheap Channel was doing it.
They got to have somebody to pay off all their FCC fines.
Maybe that's what this is for.
In case that for real business comes back and fights so many ass.
That could be it.
It's the fine fund.
It's the fine fund for the for all days.
That might be it.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, is there a music book available that tells you of all the artists in the songs that they did?
I know there's a book that you have that you usually go to.
Yeah, when you go to a bookstore like Dalton's or Borders or something, go to the music section.
And this one is the Billboard Top 40 hits.
Okay.
And it's a real thick book and it's got all the, it's really great cause it's got to buy the name of the song, by the artist, by the whole deal.
That's what I'm looking for.
Also, would you be interested in a concert tape that I have that was done in 2002 with Edwin Stard,
Grash Roots, Tommy James, Nishandell, Carl Carlton?
Would you be interested in that tape?
A video tape or audio tape?
Now it's video.
Really?
Yes.
Three night concerts done in 2002.
I'll be damned.
Anyway, I can get that to you.
I'll put you on hold and Josh will tell you where to send it.
Okay.
Thanks, Kelly.
Okay.
You're going to tell him where to go, Josh.
I mean, where to send it?
I can do that.
Good.
Elvis sucks only 28.2%.
That's pretty interesting, isn't it?
I thought it would be higher than that.
Me too.
Seems in the olden days back in the day when we had an audience.
I mean, back in the day when we had some credibility.
78 people said Elvis sucks, 28.2%.
Jailhouse rock 20, all shook up 18.
A little less conversation, 17.
I keep trending and play it, I will.
Suspicious mind, 17.
Hound dog 16, loose weight shoes 12, in the ghetto 11.
We turn to send her 10.
Only doing the ones with 10 are mole right now.
WDQA and hello.
And 5, 10, about P.P.
What was it?
Something about P.P.
Oh, something about P.P.
Okay, well, maybe you can draw a picture.
567.0560, pound 560 on the 18.
By the way, get a new phone.
Okay, Puts.
WDQA and hello.
Go.
Yes, sir.
He's talking.
Oh, Neil.
I just wanted to give you a, uh, long for the poll.
Go ahead.
Maybe nobody knows it.
Way back when.
Promise land.
Promise land.
Oh, I never heard of it.
Uh, look it up and see if you can find it.
Play it and see what you think.
Okay, thanks.
All right, all right.
Promise land.
You got it.
Got it.
Okay.
Doing a hell of a job there, that Josh.
He's got this guy bringing him that tape.
In fact, maybe we can auction the tape off.
All right.
Yeah.
That's our first item.
In fact, I got a good idea.
Let's get that out of this to hold.
Damn thing.
And let's just the next few weeks.
We'll just auction off everything we can get our hands on.
Okay.
We'll just start taking like a keyboard and monitors and all.
Everything we can find that is nailed out in the building.
It's actually off on our own website.
Well, uh, when they say, well, where's that money going?
And we're going to say in our pocket.
I've Eric started a new website named after a Niels auctions called the EGate.
Right.
It's the Niels Roger's crew retirement fund.
EGate.
Right.
I like it.
From it, it's after one at five sixty.
Nobody come there.
There's the biggest embarrassment.
I mean, every time you think that they've reached a new level of embarrassment on this company,
they come up with something new.
It's so low.
It is so slimy and smarmy.
It's got an aroma, a stench of it that just I can't even describe as first and out these days.
If your Macris is kind of like that too.
In other words, it's worn out.
It's had it.
Here's the answer.
Make one easy call.
Dial my precise.
What I've been doing for a long time.
One eight hundred Macris.
You'll love these people because they back up everything they say and they're advertising 110%.
But their competitors still lie like crazy, man.
Read the fine print when you see those Macris ads because there are a lot of BS stories out there.
For example, big headline that says half off price.
But then you find out it only applies to limited selection of items that you never wanted in the first place.
Everything else still full price.
And they probably double the regular price.
First of that sale merchandise.
And you'll probably never be able to make a first change if you don't like it.
But at Dial Macris, their ads have no tiny print, no disclaimers.
When you call one eight hundred Macris, you'll see their prices are so low.
Other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete to be in the ballgame.
Dial Macris has a no risk 30 day covered exchange policy.
But 30 men.
On all beds, including yours, and don't forget when you call Dial Macris at one eight hundred Macris.
You're getting a company ranked number one in the world.
And overall customer satisfaction from Kindle Distort from Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
And our friends at Dial Macris remind you to read that fine print because they want you to know exactly what you're buying.
Even if you decide not to buy from them.
So you want to do the smart thing, the easy thing.
Forget about those betting in department stores.
Do what I always do make that one simple call.
They'll be there when you want them to call one eight hundred Macris or log on to macris.com.
Dial Macris for one eight hundred MATT RES.
The honest way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come.
My life and local.
This is for 205 city.
You way, you way.
There was a blue.
Well,
I guess
there's no blue.
There in the bathroom.
There's the rations of black.
On his casket I see.
Oh,
I don't,
Then you
And
It also has an American style.
I'm at home and I'm watching TV.
I'm at home and I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I'm watching TV.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
I feel unclean.
You call this big market radio?
You like all the hard work.
Every time I see that every card in the game wins.
No one knows those calling my TV.
He's President of South Kimg.
On the cards, he doesn't know that.
I don't know why they want to live, but not easier.
First rule to neck for you.
With President Thump's f***ing.
Oh, what a f***ing.
Oh, what I did is to go both once more.
And get to win your voted more.
Why?
If you want this, come come along.
Lift drumming stupidly.
Don't come home.
Mindless drunk in rich piet.
Don't come home easy than number than me.
Peace, President Thump's f***ing.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got a man by hook or a cross.
The Christian.
Oh, I know what's best for you and I.
But here I'm no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With President Thump's f***ing.
What could he say to his life?
60 WQMU.
We've got a shatee station for the New Millenium.
We've got Kimbobo camper for the Mad Dog and then the Humper of the Hebrew Hammer.
I'm thinking of what this is like.
Like I said, it's eBay all over again.
They're starting their own little version of eBay.
Well, why not just tell us that?
Why not just say it?
Because then you wouldn't have read it.
Well, I mean, if it was a commercial I might have done it.
Or if it had been presented in the right way, I might not have minded.
Maybe if they sell them up,
Krat they can get the 50 bucks to pay Bokeh Brian.
And I think they're trying to screw him out of every week.
Get him off my ass.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it all depends on how something is presented to you.
They want to pay him anything.
They don't want to pay you anything either or me or anybody else quite frankly.
Now, Josh of course handles at WQM.com.
I don't want to put him on the spot right now, but.
But what?
How much do you know about this?
Don't comment.
What does that mean?
No comment.
I got nothing for you.
I really don't.
You don't have anything for me.
I didn't ask you that.
I'm asking whether that'll be later.
I'm asking it right now.
What do you know about this thing?
And what do you know when did you know it?
All I know is I put up the items and the auction closes today at three.
You did what?
You do what with the items?
I put them up on the site.
Yeah.
Well, how was this explained you?
Did you know this was a commercial enterprise?
No, they had their meeting and they told me that we're going to have an auction
and they need the items up.
That's all I know.
I see.
So they held their had their meeting and they just said, OK, put this on.
Here we don't ask any questions.
Just dummy up.
Pretty much as usual.
So don't get poor Josh involved in this because he's associated with the guild by association
with qm.com, which is an anxious thank God.
We're not linked to that thing.
Oh, man.
Oh, we got jewelry and vacations and all kinds of neat crap on there.
Dancing dining.
Yeah, you name it.
We got it.
It's eBay, Jr.
Easily style.
We got the banjo that the kid was playing in the tree and deliverance.
We got that.
In fact, if you got enough cash, we even said to the kid.
Right.
Well, I wait about 70 years old right now, but nevertheless he rules a lot.
Wow.
What's your all time favorite Elvis Presley song was our second pull question today?
Elvis sucks 109.20, 5.9%.
That's really pretty generous to Elvis, you know what?
For this crowd?
For this hard bitten crowd, don't you think?
Top of 9.
Double digit won.
Suspicious minds 32.
Jailhouse rock 29.
All shook up 26.
A little less conversation 26.
I think a little less Elvis would be good.
Handog 21 in the get to 14.
Can help falling in love 14.
Oh, in the get to 14 again.
Kentucky rate 13.
Return to center 13.
Looseway, Jews 12.
Crawl Perkins, Reston, peace.
Love me.
10 or 11.
Burning love.
10.
That's all right.
Mama 10.
But move over to bed.
You're crowd me.
And 1 night 10.
Everything else single digits.
Wow.
I'm going to go on by some more Elvis, do you believe me?
No.
But maybe you know where you can get a good deal on Elvis?
I give up weight.
On some great Elvis hits.
On some of those great tunes that we all know and love on WQM.com.
You want it?
They got it.
Bye, bye, bye.
Send me a Roger Show.
I'm flying soon.
I need to wait out.
I'm flying for my head.
This station stands for nothing.
