That's us.
What's your rosestore this morning?
I see.
Holy Makin'ah! This is Joe Bow on the voice with the Toronto Maple Aids and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God!
Get ready to ride Saturday March 30th. The wheel American Idol is coming to town.
Fight our Lord!
Get ready to ride!
Let the men of St. John over fight our Lord!
Yes!
Keep going! Keep going!
Hi!
I'm a man, because you know she knows I don't tell you.
Kakin' can't hold his child.
Someday you'll know she'll be my way out in the bar. She'll know I'll fall behind.
You get it all.
In one amazing night, William Hart lies.
I'm a man, because you know I don't know.
I'm a rocket man!
Kakin' Dole is rocking!
No, Bob and Nuckkin'
William Hart at the Dole Saturday March 30th.
Tickets on a sale where every order take out.
I was gonna ask his William Hung, but we can't see that no more, can we?
No.
Is William f***ing huh?
What do you think?
About what?
William?
Oh shit, do you think William should be hung?
I wouldn't say, uh, yeah.
Two minutes after 10 at 560 WQM, we've got some sensational, some fabulous news for you right off the bat.
You know what it is?
The baseball game?
Right!
It is Marlon's baseball at 1250, 10-1.
Oh!
Yeah!
I thought you said you weren't going to remind them at the beginning of the show.
No, I am reminding it puts me in a really good mood.
Screw them.
Anyway, we've got the Heather Mills today, behind the Beated Curtain for those of you 18 plus, or maybe, you know, like very close to 18, like 18 in a day or whatever.
Those of you who lie.
Those of you who lie a lot like our government.
Miami Hero, I'm fascinated by their web poll on their website every day.
Ha ha ha ha!
Guess how many votes they have on their web poll today?
Which has to do with this story?
We'll get to that in a minute.
Sure, more Massachusetts, a Miami soldier who served six months in Iraq and then refused to return after relief said yesterday,
I can no longer be an instrument of violence and turn himself into military authorities.
Staff Sergeant Camilo Mejia, a national garden for treatment for five years after three years of active army duty,
explained his decision to seek conscientious objector status and an event organized by peace activists.
I'm not against the military.
The military has been my family.
He said, my commanders are not evil, but this war is evil.
I did not send up for the military to go halfway around the world to be an instrument of oppression.
Well said Sergeant Camilo.
So the hero poll is about what do you think?
What do you think? What do you think? What do you think?
Guess how many votes are on the hero poll?
About 13.
No.
No?
13.
One of which is mine.
Go to little crazy.
On lucky 13.
So maybe you want to go on the hero website, click on where it's his news.
And you'll look very quickly.
You'll see the poll there.
I don't want to waste my time reading it.
I'll speak in a poll.
Bush moves ahead of Kerry, which is really scary.
This is the CBS News poll.
Two weeks ago, it was Kerry 47% in the same poll and Bush 46%.
Because the polls, of course, this time of year, they're all over the place.
Now, as of what was this poll taken?
George.
Hmm.
Well the poll is this thing is like 8,000 pages long.
Let's see the poll.
They should have it on here.
They ought to.
Oh man, this is the most recent poll, but I don't see it nowhere on here.
Well, this is the very latest from CBS News.
Right now, it's Bush 46, Kerry 43%.
So Bush hasn't gained any, but Kerry's lost 4%.
Where do you think those 4% probably went, George?
Gee, I don't know.
Maybe the Ralph Nader?
Uh-oh.
Which goes to show you no matter how stupid and stubborn people were four years ago,
they still want to be stupid and stubborn this time, including Ralph Nader.
You idiot, you asshole, you.
So there you go, but that it's kind of meaningless right now.
The S is your mind made up.
Now, out of everybody, 71% said yes, which leaves you know a percent that are still on the side?
About 30, man.
Pretty close to it.
Kerry voters 70% of them are absolute rock solid.
Bush voters 76% rock solid and they're going to church right now to pray for them.
And then it's got a whole, well, I'm not going to waste my time with it.
And I'm not going to put it on the website because the pools are all over the place this time.
Let's take a look at our pool from yesterday, which they hated.
They hated that pool, but we still got about almost 1400 votes when we get 1386.
That's not too shabby.
It's not our usual stellar total.
It's certainly a little bit more than the herald.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
They prestige this mind me herald.
I don't think anybody really reads the herald, you know what?
I don't know anybody who does.
Let's see.
What does this say?
Please read this off the ear.
You are the best.
I've rescued countless pets.
My pets are my kids.
It's a comedy.
What is this?
Please read this off the ear.
It's terrible.
But what I read it on the ear anyway.
Should I?
Well, they don't want you to.
I have a request which I doubt can be fulfilled, but I'm going to ask anyway.
My best girlfriend, oh, this is almost like the one who wants me to go to lunch with the Sean and Hollywood.
Oh, is he great dancer?
It's much better.
Is it?
Sure.
My best girlfriend who thinks the world of you and has been a Neil Rogers diehard for many years is slowly losing her battle with breast cancer.
I'm very sorry to hear that.
I mean, why do you have to me read this on the ear?
This is sad.
Yeah, it is.
So then why are you having me read it on the ear?
Is it kind of a sadist?
Yeah.
I have known her for 15 years.
She is a fat, my fag hag.
What does this mean?
I don't know.
She is called and fact you show countless times.
Well, this is terrible.
This is a very sad thing and you're encouraging me to read this on the ear.
What is encouraging you to read?
Don't blame me whoever sent this to me.
Tony, blame George.
He's a prick.
I'm setting up the lunch for you.
And I'm not going to lunch with anybody.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I am very sorry to hear this and it's bad news.
And I'm in Toronto anyway, so I'm not going to be going to lunch with nobody there.
I may be going to lunch with myself today at 12.50.
But I wish you all the best and I'm sorry to hear this Anthony.
It's sad.
Tony.
Her name is Barry.
I wish you the best, Barry.
But what did you do to me?
This was...
You know, let me ask you, how much was that washer drag in $14?
Well, Josh told me you were taking a dump.
He told me he's paying the balance.
But of course, it's going to take him many, many years to save up that much.
The other 800 and the 36 bucks.
10% of this.
Don't do that again.
The guy is serious.
It's a sad thing.
She's dying for her eyes cancer and you're making a joke out of it.
I didn't see that part.
I just read that.
Oh, I see.
You didn't see that part.
Yeah, conveniently you didn't see that part.
That's a good excuse.
Skip to the end.
Well, don't skip to the end.
Don't be like jumping around, reading this and reading this.
I've done that.
There was an article I started reading last week one day on the earth.
I said, boy, this is a great article.
I can't always read the whole thing because something more long.
But I try to at least make sure I get the gist of the whole thing.
And then I realize it was a piece of crap.
It was a bunch of right-wing propaganda.
I did that all the time.
So I'm sorry, Tony.
That's George's an asshole.
But he just came up with me.
I'm an asshole.
Apologize.
I apologize.
Okay, here's our CZ even making the joke out of that.
I can't help it.
Okay, let's see.
How come I don't see the pull result?
That's because they're all looking at the head of the mills again.
Yeah, wow.
Let's see.
I shouldn't say that.
Huh?
Internal server error.
Well, mine doesn't even say anything.
You just want to blank because they're all looking at Heather Mill's naked.
And they want to see them boobies.
And all that's what that's great.
Oh, they want to see them.
Okay.
Right.
So when this thing pops up again, I'll let you know how the poll came out from yesterday.
This is really sad.
This is pathetic.
You know what it reminds me of?
Well, two things.
Number one, the clearance is an asshole.
Hey, Clarence, we really would like to know.
And I mentioned it to Duff.
But of course, her excuse is she was on a busman's holiday in Orlando for three days.
Wasn't working yesterday.
But on Friday, Clarence did mention it.
He had gotten a lot of calls and emails about Joe and Mark.
And it would be nice if he'd given this up.
An update.
And two ways.
Number one.
Is there anything new with that situation?
And number two.
Is he getting a big response?
I mean, that would be a nice thing to know.
It's supposed to treat us like a mushroom and keeping us in the dark, which is the QMF
in a way.
That's what they always do.
But of course, Clarence this morning was AWOL.
He was not around.
No worry to be found.
Internal server error.
The same crap.
So I'll give you the result from yesterday's poll when it's good and ready.
When we get around to it.
When we can see it.
First though, here's a, and you know, the other thing I was going to say is how many people do you really think?
What percentage of people?
I mean, talk is cheap.
Everybody belly X.
So we're pissed off.
They took Howard Stern off the air.
Who was the number one rated show in the market?
Right.
Number one in men in the morning.
By far, he had a 10 share.
Sometimes 11 or 12 share.
Like we used to do in the glories days before Grinks screwed the station up.
But at any rate, here was the number one.
The most listened two states in the market.
It just disappeared overnight because cheap channel is so pious.
It's so much holier than now.
They're peeing in their pants that are going to lose all their licenses.
And where's the response?
I mean, I'm sure they got a lot of letters and stuff like that.
But are people like marching on a cheap channel building?
No.
Are they out there protesting?
No.
You know, I mean, we put the seven, the eight cheap channel software to stations.
I guess we'll find out when a book comes out, right?
I guess.
April 1st, and this is no fool, and that'll be the next trend.
But it'll really show when April 29th, when the waiting book comes out.
And then we'll see whether people are going to put their ass, whether mouth is.
Oh, here it is.
Here's the thing.
If I do it quickly, we can give you a poor result from yesterday.
Just pop it up.
What website do you like best for news and information?
neo-rojus.com.
We didn't want to put it on there because it looks self-serving, but we did anyway.
590, 42.1%.
Thank you.
I don't read the internet for news and information.
209.
I just want to see about a lot of boobies.
Threadsreport.com, 108, which shows that we had a lot of people out there who like gossip columns
and no interesting hard news.
Buzzflash.com, 69.
Commondreams.org, 60.
Smirkingchimp.com, 59.
I don't want to bust their balls or anything.
I did make them a nice donation on Saturday and I support them 1,000%
whether they ever linked to us or not.
But I noticed they haven't done that yet.
Maybe they're getting around with you, think?
No.
You don't think they're going to give us a link?
They've got a thing on there with links to the left and radio and TV in this place,
in that place, in this publication.
They're not going to give us a link.
Why not?
Smirkingchimp.com, 59.
I like them anyway.
They got great people.
Phil the Void.net, 36.
Michael Moore.com, 36.
Farck.com, that's F-A-R-K.
Got it. Farck.com, 31.
The BBC, 28.
Salon.com, 26.
Smoking.com, 25 right wingers out there.
The Nation, 25.
The Dredge Retort, 16.
MediaHoriz.com, which our level have been not updating much lately.
A 14, campaign 14, Newsmax.com, 11 Delusional right wing lunatics.
Takebackthamiti.com, 9, Democratic Underground 9,
truthout.com, 6th, anti-war.com, 5,
Reptest.com, 4th, that's a good website.
Remember the guy called yesterday?
Right.
Or faxed, and I checked that out.
It's good.
It's links, but it's good stuff.
Access of logic.com, 3, newsthrowed.com, 3,
newsmakingnews.com, 1, and mpoim.turnpike.net, 1,
out of just 1, less than 14, 100 votes, not too shabby.
Well, it's a damn good thing.
I got that on there because now I'm trying to refresh the thing.
And it's like, oh, it's so refreshing, like lilacs.
So I do have a fax here that I got from John in Pembroke Pines,
which I'm going to read, which is emblematic of what I'm talking about.
How many people really are going to do anything?
You know, to call a talk show.
Wow, I'm a mumble-bomb pissed off.
Yeah, what are you going to do about it?
You're going to write a letter?
No.
You're going to send an email?
No.
You're going to send a telegram?
No.
You're going to send a donkey's ass over there to Cheap Channel and Bitcha Mouth?
No.
No.
Then I can do anything.
So we'll see if they behold, at least with their diaries and with their listening habits.
And believe me, I'm not doing that in a self-serving way because they turned off the Cheap Channel station.
This means we're going to get one more listener from that.
So it's not being done from a selfish standpoint.
It's just being given to you in an option to do something, and strike back.
That's all.
Giving you an outlet, other than just the pictures of boobies.
And like, that's the...
10, 13, at 5, 60, WQA.
And it's a short Tuesday for us, baby.
12, 50, the pre-game show to Marlins and the Orioles in 105.
I know.
And do we love that from Jupiter, no less?
It's out of this world.
And this is out of this world, too.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
The benefits are incredible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee,
zero credit bureau fee, and even zero discounted points.
How about those Leafs last night?
Get the new low interest rate of just 1.25%, $100,000.
Your payments are only $334 a month,
a $200,000.
You pay only $668 a month.
I noticed fat boy didn't come around this morning
because Leafs played Buffalo last night, because Buffalo blew it.
Don't forget, once you refinance your get you new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never pay closing costs again.
Call them tool free.
1, 866, 395, Lynn.
That's their new number.
Get the low rate mortgage you deserve, and then move to your next property with no further cost
to expense.
You pay them zero underwriting fee, zero dot fee, zero closing costs, even when you move to another property.
Get yourself that unbeatable financing rate of just 1.25% from the financial group
with the only one mortgage you never pay closing costs again.
For details of obligation, call them tool free today.
Find out about it.
1, 866, 395, Lynn.
That's 1, 866, 395, LE, and either an equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 4.21 APR.
5, 866, 395, Lynn.
The rate is all yours now.
2, 866, 395, Lynn.
2, 866, 395, Lynn.
The bet.
People know across the country.
Find out to see now get your Santa's place.
Or in a lot more corner, we should stay with Belly City
Our piece of Santa didn't want to find a sin.
And hope is more important to the trick.
Live one high speed chase.
Jesus Christ.
No girl will wear a lace.
No big robbers or special objects.
But people point them to them on this land.
Jesus Christ.
The break and box of this record.
I'll across the USA.
Clean and Jackson's movie was a hit.
And that is roomy percussion.
So be sort of the ring.
That one high speed chase.
Jesus Christ.
No girls will wear a lace.
Or no big robbers or special objects.
But people point them to them on this land.
10, 19, at 5, 60, over to QA.
Here's our poll question today.
How has the clear channel dumping of Howard Stern affected your listening?
We got two, four, six, seven excellent choices.
In fact, it's everybody up there.
By the way, it's not Sten.
Eric, I don't want to pick on your spelling.
But it's not Howard Sten.
Maybe Eric needs a Stenographer or something like that.
Hard Sten.
Maybe he needs a Sten cell transplant.
Anyway, how has the clear channel dumping of Howard Stern affected your listening?
Not much.
I listen to Stern on the net.
Not Sten, Eric.
Stern.
Stern.
I listen to music in the morning now.
I listen to Howard David now.
Mo, oh my god.
I listen to Paul and Ron now.
I don't listen to the radio before 10.
I listen to Mo and Joe Rose now.
And I never listen to Stern anyway.
So there's a whole bunch of really good choices, which I think we covered it all, didn't we?
I think.
Looks like it.
So far, 10 say I never listen to Stern anyway.
It's 10 out of 21.
Just get in going.
I don't listen to the radio before 10.
Six.
I listen to music in the morning now too.
Not much.
I listen to Stern on the net too.
I listen to Mo and Joe Rose now.
One.
I listen to Paul and Ron now.
Zero.
Zero.
Paul and old Ron have got zero Howard's audience.
Wow.
And I listen to Mo and Howard David now.
Oh, but at least he's got with Joe.
He's got one.
See that?
I let him off the hook.
Now, maybe those people just don't listen to Joe, but I didn't put that on because that would be bad.
It would make Mo look a little worse than he actually is.
Absolutely.
Not an easy feat.
OK, here's this facts from John in Pembert Pines.
Man, I'm really psyched about this Marlon game.
Let's go Marlon.
Huh?
What?
I think Curris is right.
Let's do a sport show.
Let's play some leaf highlights from that thrilling overtime win against Buffalo last night.
They're down five, two after two periods.
They come back and tie it in the final seconds and win it in overtime.
The wing's in a cage.
Off the hook on the attack line.
A thousand points while Richard will go to the goalie.
And I'm tied in.
All leaves off the ball.
Oh, the ball.
Get a casing clear.
Clear, back to the net.
Here works a ball for the point that she's hit over a ghost that's leading in a bag.
Hit the scene.
Leave on.
Pick down.
Get a casing clear.
Get a casing clear.
Get a casing clear.
Get a casing clear.
Pull, leave back.
I want to get a casing clear.
Come down Joe.
Lost his voice.
There were no teeth.
Of course, Rimmer says he's a screamer.
Yeah, you only wish.
You only wish Rimmer.
But anyway.
Great game.
Here's the facts from John that I keep threatening to read.
It says I was extreme.
This is to Peter Deutsch.
Representative Peter Deutsch.
He's a pretty good guy.
But unfortunately was one of those Democrats who voted in favor of that radio censorship bills
when I call it that in decency bill.
And it was in decency, all right.
It says I was extremely disappointed and surprised of your vote in favor of HR 3717.
Like many, I feel that the Democratic Party has moved away from the principles and policies that we support.
You're citing with the religious right constituency of President Bush is left without meaningful representation in Congress.
While I can't take back my prior votes for you, I will not support you in any future campaigns.
As you know, one of the most popular radio shows in South Florida, Howard Stern has been removed from the airwaves.
Once this legislation is signed in law, I'm sure that the very popular neo-Ronders show will be targeted next by the religious right that you now support.
Hopefully you'll change parties very soon so that a real Democrat may run and give those of us in your district a meaningful choice in the upcoming election.
Before you dismiss me as some crazy youth, I'm a 50-year-old CPA signed.
John with a last name in Prembroke Pines.
Nice going, John. You go, boy.
But you see, most people won't do that. They'll just sit back, oh gee, whoa is this? What are we going to do?
Which is why we do put the information on our website and try our best to give you an outlet to make your voice heard to do something without having to sit down like any old days and write snail mail along hand letter and set it out and hope that somebody reads it.
Right? Right.
Now you send an email and you hope that somebody reads it even though you know they probably won't.
But at least try to do something. You make an effort.
Well, this picture, this Heather Mills, I thought it was okay. It certainly wasn't in the same league with the avian barbarian still.
But you think so?
She's got a big rack though.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Don't start talking about her oven now, please.
Okay.
Oh and because it's appliance we could do our regas house.
Let's not start either.
Not with that crap.
I remember last guy used to talk about big racked on this radio station.
Won't see him no more.
Right.
Won't see him or hear him no more on his station.
But it's important to mention that that's a picture of Heather Mills with both her legs.
What does that mean?
She only has one now.
She only has one leg?
Mrs. Paul McCartney lost a leg in an accident?
Why didn't know that?
Well, I guess I didn't know that better forgot about it.
Nevertheless, that's a pre-peg-like picture.
Well, you sure got more bad news today and between missing that poor lady that's got the breast cancer and her friend's thorony.
And now you're picking on Heather Mills having only one leg.
What's it going to be next?
I'm going to drive them up to see you just to make up for it.
For Christ's sake, I only had one leg.
Oh, right.
5667-0560, 0560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Maybe Moa Howard David had was right.
Maybe they've all forgotten about the Howard's turn thing already.
And they're just going on with life.
And maybe it was a couple of week deal.
People got a pissed off a little bit.
And that's it.
Maybe they don't care about freedom of speech.
I don't see people getting psychotic about it.
Certainly ain't no alien.
WQA, and hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Just to ask, maybe once a year, Paul, this morning, I try and listen to Bob and Tom when I could pick them up off of a Fort Meyers station called 94.5 Arrow.
Right.
So you could pick them up if the conditions are right, get other weather.
Well, that's right.
And they're also in Palm Beach on, I don't know, it's easy.
Our one was a gator, a gator, like I said.
That's true. And probably also people can pick them up off the net somewhere if they wanted to.
Excellent. Good choice.
Thanks a lot, Paul.
One thing I wanted to also ask you to talk to you about was that.
Remember the last week you had to pull about the words that people say that drive you nuts.
Right.
Well, there's also the ever heard people like from Buffalo area that tag like Marick and the car in park.
You ever heard people say that?
No, that's from Buffalo from Boston, say that.
Is that Boston because there's this one guy that's used to live next to me.
So I'm going to go down to the park when he gets back.
That's a Boston thing in feed the shark a clock.
I would root by a mammal.
Okay, calm down, pal.
He sent over to whatever you're smoking.
Listen, a bobbin time that we need to add that onto our pool.
Now, are you able to add these extra choices or does Eric have to do that?
Josh can.
He's got the power.
Josh is putting that on there right now.
He's sticking it on and powered to do so.
He's got the power.
Let's hear it.
Don't say power.
Kids, screw me.
I'll come right in on a home.
I'll let you have one for.
Kid Curry is a great guy.
He's a real radio guy.
We were a discussion.
It's too bad that he's got some assholes working on his radio station.
Although I don't believe the whole Joe and Mark's story anyway.
I think it's contrived.
I think it's a cross-cutting measure.
I asked this morning.
I asked George.
I said, what do we got on Saturday morning instead of Joe Costello's Find Motorsport Saturday show?
It was becoming very popular.
And he didn't have any idea.
So I looked at the schedule.
It's probably a pretty good idea.
Here it is Saturday.
Seven o'clock Saturday morning.
We got some Florida golf scene with Mark Wood and Tim Ressaforte.
What have you got?
I'll add it.
Eight o'clock we got Sporting News Radio before Joe Rose comes on from the Micah Sookies.
Sporting News Radio.
And you want to know why?
Because it's free.
Just like tonight we'll have two to five in the morning overnight.
Sporting News Radio because it's free.
It's crap.
Nobody wants to hear it.
But it's free.
So I think the whole thing is just a cross-cutting measure.
I think it sounds like a good lawsuit to me.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into so many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
We were sad to be so much into many.
She only has one leg.
She only has one leg.
She only has one leg.
She only has one leg.
She only has one leg.
She only has one leg.
She only has one leg.
She only has one leg.
She only has one leg.
chachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachachach
It's handy to be handy, comfortable in any way
Like when she walks the car she always gets up in her space or it's big
She only has one leg
She only has one leg
She only has one leg
Oh, right!
Wow, that is exciting! I don't think I ever played that!
Did I?
Sure you had it!
Get out of town!
Telling you!
Anyway, we had 128 votes
I'm getting the chills just from now, listen to that
That was another Capongo's part, that just really did it for me
May they hear on the back of my neck a cool
How has the clear channel dumping of Howard Stern affected your listening?
Boys and girls?
128 votes!
I never listened to Stern anyway, 45, that's 35% percent
I've never listened to Radio B410 now, 28
I listen to music in the morning now, 20
I listen to Mo and the Joe Rose show now, 14!
Oh, Hallelujah Mo!
How do you like that?
Boy, talk about desperate
Not much, I listen to Stern on the net, 8
See, it's kind of hard to be listening to Howard on the net when you're like in a car
I know where to work when you're, you see what I'm saying?
Right
I listen to Paul on an old run now, 7!
Boy, that's even more desperate!
I listen to Howard David now, I'll buy his loans from 4, but not Joe, just Howard David
And I listen to Bob and Tom appear out of 128 votes and he's early going
There's a good book coming out today, which somebody that thanks this yesterday and I appreciate it very much
This is, I think this is from Jim, what's his name? Sullivan, isn't it?
Okay
I think so, even though his name is non here, you just get to the point where you start recognizing the, yeah, the funds
Exactly
In fact, we're playing a little Wayne Font, 10 and the Mindbenders a little later on
Have you heard this book coming out tomorrow, meaning today called House of Bush House of South
They've been excerpting it in Salon under the books link, it doesn't look like anything new to those like you
Who have taken the time to put things together from different non mainstream sources
But it appears to do this neatly for the general public, it's written by Craig Unger
UNGER, Craig Unger
House of Bush House of South, the secret relationship between the world's two most powerful dynasties
So if you've been suspicious about this great relationship between the bushes and have been live in this for example
And these Salon princes like Prince Bandar and all these other Shmatae and Goyam
Well, here's a chance for you to figure it out a little bit more, Craig Unger, it's in the bookstores today
Alleged, I'm gonna go out and get it right after the show
So it's a damn good thing that we got the ball game today, right?
Damn good, unless you want to take over right now, I can get an early start
WQAM, not there online too, shame on you WQAM
Hi, I just want to talk to Neil about motor sports Saturday
I'm listening, I'm right here
Oh, thanks, Neil, thanks
Last Saturday they had a show on collectible cards, syndicated show, talk about terminal
Yeah
Is that, are they paid to have that WQAM to put that show on because it is boring beyond belief?
Oh, the QM doesn't care, they'll just put anything in there like again for free, they probably got it for free
Just to stick it in there to kill the time, you know
Okay, well I think you're right about firing him just as a cost-cutting major not
Yeah, I mean if they're gonna do that, why lie about it?
Why make up some story and make the guys look bad over, you know, nobody would be that stupid
to fire somebody over an image that was on the internet on somebody else's website seven months before
It looks to me like it's just a cost-cutting measure and there's no chance that they're gonna put him back on
Right
Pretty stable
Thank you for the word on his palette, have a great day
Bye bye
See, the thing, you mentioned it yesterday, I want to make sure that they understand
since I liked your a lot, he's a good guy, but you made a good point
Now I don't know why you didn't tell him this before yourself, off the air would have been a good idea before they got canned
But why did they need four people all on the payroll, four people getting paid to do an overnight show?
Who am I to tell other people how to run their shop?
Well nobody you could, you certainly could have just voiced an opinion
and you know, especially with all the cost-cutting, I was getting cut back on this and cut back on that
Well I forgot to ask Moth this morning about that 50 bucks a week for a, for a Bokob Ryan
That they try to screw him over on
No, I forgot to ask him, I keep forgetting the good stuff
They always get early in the morning, you know what, I'm still a little groggy when my head is queried, declaring
And they pull that crap on me and then by the time the show starts, oh gee I forgot to ask Perry to
about the response that I drew on Mark firing and I forgot to ask a Duff about the 50 bucks, you know, let's get with it guys
Let's do something I mean both of you on the payroll for a decent bucks although Duff had to give away half his salary to keep the earns there
But I mean, you know both of you guys are getting paid, how about, how about being responsive?
How about letting us know what the hell is going on? We'll be a good idea for a starter, you know
Of course Duff is back on the heavy medication against what I'm hearing and I don't blame him
You're working that place, you gotta be on heavy, heavy, in fact Wilma, she's got a new customer now is what I'm hearing
I didn't say who, I just heard Wilma's got a new customer, you know what he's buying from her?
Rush
Well in the keys there's a lot of guys, do rush, you know
And other places, anyway speaking of the keys gay unions likely to get support in Key West, maybe clearance to the beast can head on down there right now
They can hop on it Hershey highway and head on to Key West after months of silence on the same sex marriage debate
Key West leaders are expected to pass resolutions today that supports our unions and the craft president Bush has proposed constitutional ban of gay weddings
City Mayor Jimmy Weekly also plans to ask the county clerk whether the city can issue marriage licenses to gay couples
The measures would be largely symbolic because under Florida law of course only counties not municipalities can issue marriage licenses and Monroe County clerk Danny Cole haids
City yesterday that he's bound by a Florida law that explicitly bans same sex marriage and in German of life and a smile on your face and a good bomb movement one more than once a week
But gay rights activists say that by officially supporting such unions Key West replaced itself at the forefront of defining how the issue takes shape within the state
Really Key West is leading the way and getting their cities resolutions together said Brian Winfield, communications director for a quality Florida a Tampa based gay rights group
It sends a loud message to the rest of Florida. It's really loud if other places in the state are considering this they're not alone
A lot of people think a constitutional amendment is wrong for so many reasons
So I do like that
Okay commissioner Carmen Turner said she's not convinced the resolution would be effective
I think it's more of a feel good public relations thing she said so what's wrong with a feel good public relations thing of course
It isn't Florida or you're not allowed to feel good especially not those people if you catch my grip to what I'm saying what do you say don't feel it
19 to 11 at 560 WDQM we get the marlins and the Orioles at 1250 to pregame game time 105 the first pitch the Humper at the NCAA
Preview show at 4 whatever the baseball's over the second on the Hebrew hammer
7 because nobody else will work that she because we got three hours to fill we got no game tonight tomorrow by the way a big big hockey game the islanders at the is oh it's in New York
I thought it was there it says here the Panthers at the islanders I thought it was at the Macarena. Josh are you sure that yeah
It's in New York it's on the palm well, maybe some people actually showed up for that
Judge McDonald's going to be doing the TV game because it's his 85th year on the air with his mediocre broadcast and the rumor will be doing the radio right here on QAMC
Remember to tell you sooner later he get on the station even if they had to pay us to do it
At 560 WQM
Friday nights there's Miami cups with a hot new beat there on the streets fighting crime
Look pal, we just don't do strip searches for Jay walking
King West VICE
We got a problem
The mousse gang is back in town
Lieutenant in that the group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach hold them down and then set their hair
Let's go get
They'll stop at nothing that clean up the street
Officer I'm sorry for skipping in a most skipping zone. I hope you guys don't get on to me. Just take a seat pal
Gladly a chair a chair. Yes, he West VICE
I bet you're part of I'm not a fish market. Oh, sorry
Just look like his there could look it might be cops on a hot new beat in Key West VICE
Friday night tonight at NBC
I tell you one thing Josh you're not on top of the hockey scene you better get with it mister. Oh, it's just gonna tell you the game is here
I know you just the Georgia specs me this sheet from the schedule the game is at the Macarena which I suspected okay
I know my craft mister let me tell you that right now as a matter of fact just as a protest of the misinformation
I'm the final they believe did lose Michael Renberg in the game for cautionary reasons they kept an od with a hamstring
Ham is he sucks anyway Michael Renberg but anyway
The Panthers in the island is it the Macarena tomorrow and it's a big game because if the Panthers win
It could only they could pull within five points behind the slumping falling of puter New York Islanders and they're still an outside shot
We got a shot is Jimmy Johnson would say yeah, we got a shot. I know Georgia's whipped up about it
Oh, that's tomorrow night. Okay, let me just put that over here with my schedules all these things. Let's see Joe and Mark. We can cross them out I mean
Come on clearance inquiry minds want to know in fact
I think Clarence ought to come in and go on the year right now and give us an update on what's happening
Would Joe and Mark in a response and what the people are saying if this were a real radio station and says some kind of a fascist operation
We did do the break didn't we yeah
What panicked I forgot to cross that out I'm too busy crossing out names on the schedule. I don't have time to cross the breaks out
And crossing out mistakes by Clarence about the Panthers at the islanders
See that would be bad to tell that to the public because then they wouldn't go to the game tomorrow night
Get the Blame for that and rumor would call up here and bla bla bla bla bla
You know like that?
Don't call here. Rumor. Okay. I'm having a wonderful time here. I look this fax is the best
I love this whoever sent this. That's for you
Since Turn has been censored from soft floor dub I listen to music from my CD player
Not on other station and I especially never listen
Any clear channel station with all to respect to my friend Terry grippin who needs to make a living and of course
We say all right in both cases
We love Terry but the shows to get paid
I'm glad, however, that Randy was able to get away from Clear Channel.
Randy! What? Hello, Randy! What? Are you lifting to me? No.
Hopefully, the people running the Air America whatever it's called are going to have the
brains to promote her. So far, they're just promoting Al Franken as a good writer,
but who wants to listen to that nasal voice three hours a day? Yeah, he's not good on a year.
Randy is a proven talent who can kick ass it says here.
RANDY WORK, very hard to become syndicated. The majority of the calls she got during the last
two weeks at WJN over from people saying, we're going to miss you, don't go!
She explained over and over again that her show will still be on JN over at the same time three
to seven. She's just going to be in New York, but people just didn't get it. It's like I'm sitting
in Toronto right now. The last week or two, you notice people call me, but where are you right now?
You know why? Because they can't tell the difference. They don't know where I am. It sounds like me,
doesn't it? You know, it sounds the same as if I'm there. I'm in a better mood. Yeah, except for
the show being on Toronto time when you're up there. Right, that's right, I forgot about that.
About the time difference, eh? Yeah. Anyway, she explained over and over again her show will still be on JN
or she's just going to be in New York, but people just didn't get it. After 20 years in the South Florida
market, Randy finally snapped. She snapped. And told the South Florida audience that there are a
bunch of bitter ingrates. It was one of the greatest moments in radio. You go girl. See, when she
gets pissed off, like she did at Bob Green at time, that's when she's the best, because she really
has a big pair. She's got a giant, a humongous pair. And she's not afraid to tell people off, and
they deserve to be told off in this particular case. And what did she say about the people
of South Florida? There are a bunch of bitter ingrates. Oh, that's correct. So to give away.
That is correct. All we're doing just fine. We're not going to like peon anybody's parade right here.
We're doing fine so far. And of course, when your agent is Norma Kent, I mean, the idea that
you're syndicated might be that maybe an OGIS, if they have a build a station, this show will be on
there. And of course, we had those great days in Tampa. Oh, yeah. And don't forget,
in Fort Myers, right. So I had my chance, you know, just like Celetzel, I had my chance. And,
you know, now I'm the hunted one. Let's see, how is the, how is the clear channel? What does that say?
Oh, and even the question isn't written right. How has the clear channel, see Eric is doing heavy
mushrooms is what I'm hearing? That's the room where I heard. That's what I was in Amsterdam,
I sent him a shipment. How has it? What it's supposed to say to clear channel dumping of how it's
during effected your listening? Man, oh man, Eric, this is the worst. Now, can you change the question
to us? He got to do that. He has to do that. Yeah, that's all. Eric's got to do that. I mean,
that's just all you got to do is put on here. The one I faxed the snowm last night is a matter of fact.
You didn't know that. Did you? No. I faxed in the pool every night. You see, you're worried about not
every night, but just in case you got to do it in the morning. But just so it gets ahead start.
But he's just under a lot of pressure and a lot of stress up there in Orlando and you want to know
why you know who was in Orlando this weekend, don't you? Muff, oh, oh, they're having a rush
festival up there. And I'm not talking about the guy near either.
212 votes. I never listened to Stern anyway 84. That's just about 40%. I don't listen to radio
before 10 now 45. I don't know if they understand that second thing there. In other words,
maybe they didn't listen to the radio before 10 before Stern was taken off the air, but my should
probably add the word now onto that. See what I'm saying? Okay, well, I don't listen to the radio
before 10 now. Can you do that? Guys, you can handle that. Yeah. 45 people say that. I listen to
music in the morning now 26. I listen to Mo and Joe Rose now 22. Oh, if we could only believe that.
Oh, oh, oh, wouldn't that be something? That's quite a comment here. And I'm actually,
those people aren't too happy either. I'm sorry, Joe. That was a shot at Mo, of course. I listen to
Paul and old Ron now 13. That's an unlucky number, Paulie. Not much. I listen to Stern on the
internet 11. 4.9% is still listening to Howard on the internet. I listen to Bob and Tom 7. Thanks
by the way for reminding me of that whoever called in that guy. And I listen to Howard David's show,
not Joe Rose, but just Howard David at six out of 222. Remember room 222 with Karen Valentine,
or was it Katherine Ross? I don't know. Karen Valentine. Was it? I'm just guessing.
Are you sure positive? Book of bridal love. Well, he hasn't asked it. Oh, you could type it in
there real quick. Room 222 and you click on it and we'll say who's on there. I'm sure it was
Katherine Ross. Who's a bad show? WQM. Hello. Yeah, how are you doing, buddy? Pretty good, Paulie?
I don't know if this is a good sign or not, but Pauline, like Google and HashGee, John Kerry is
probably one of the top searches right now. So hopefully that's a good sign that people are trying to
learn a little bit about him. And as far as broadcasting over, guys, that guy's like the biggest
560s, like closet junkies. He did a bid yesterday and he had like all the voices down pat.
I mean, he's like the biggest junkie. So he's a homo too. Got to go.
No.
Not when we get the best fast we've had in the years. We just had the best call we've had in
the Coons. That was great. Let's go on, Paulie. I will give him credit though. He did. He had
the Bill and Ted's excellent adventure and then he had the Sammy Swat one. Sure. Right?
And the great group of Teddy. And what? Wasn't Make Room for Teddy one of his.
Do we have one of those? Make room for Teddy. No, no, no. No, I guess it was just those two.
Time out to find out about the fall. It's Bob and Bob and Tom and you're giving him credit for
a Bob and Tom. Oh man. You are really that episode with your washer dryers though.
There's a guy back a long ways. No question. And almost such a back 850 bucks except the fact
that I'm a nice guy. Thank you. Very Godfather. Yeah, the furry Godfather come through again. No problem.
Let's say 224 votes on here. Well, I just gave the result. I just all worked up about that.
Paulie, that's interesting. Unlike those. See, I think maybe Moe had a point and I sure don't
want to agree with him. Absolutely. But he may have had a point. I mean, of course the response
would be, well, what do you want us to do? And you want us to have a nervous breakdown? He's not
under. Nothing we can do about it. But the fact that matter is it's not a Howard Stern issue.
It's an issue of choice of what you'd like the lady you called in yesterday. She was great.
Right. Not a Howard Stern issue, even though with his ego, of course, he's making it all about him,
which is up to him. It's stupid. But it's about the first amendment. It's about what you can
listen to, what adults choose to listen to and read and watch, etc. But let me ask you this.
Before they had Bush was sitting in there with the Prime Minister of Holland, the Dutch Prime Minister
was on there with him. And they're in the oral office and he's talking to his stupid crap.
And he's talking about the the interim constitution in Iraq and about all the freedoms that
they're listed in there. And I'm thinking to myself, yeah, like the ones that we used to have
here in America before you and your Mary banded Nazis came in and stole it and brought daylight.
Now what were you going to say? What does it have to do with sports? Nothing. That's why
parents hasn't come in yet to give us that report. What are you doing, the clerics? You're hiding
out of the desk. You're in a closet again. You're in a broom closet hiding. You're dancing with
the beast in the hallway there. You're doing a kazansky. We inquiry minds one and one. They
audience see this, this audience, you know, we got a few sports nerds listening like me. I'm a big
hockey fan, but other than that and a big Patriots fan who did win the Super Bowl and spider that
clack. But there are other things in the world going on besides sports and that's your problem.
Clarence, that's all you know is games and balls and balls and games and I would say pucks,
but he had nothing about hockey either. Why should he works at QAM? This story about the
speaking of sports like the horse racing. This group. This just makes me want to vomit. I mean,
first we had the western guy to kill all those kids and grandkids and all the insests up there
that dreadlock a goofball at scumbag. Now we got this a seasonal worker whose nine-month-old daughter
died Saturday after being left inside a sweltering car. Tilted police, he left the baby alone while
he socialized and watched the races at Gulfstream Park. Antonio Francisco Balta, 27 of Elmont,
New York, which is where Belmont racetrack is, was charged with aggravated manslaughter and
denied bail Monday. He remains in Broward County, jail. His daughter Veronica was rushed to Memorial
Regional Hospital in Hollywood where she was pronounced dead. A doctor said the child's temperature
was 170 degrees according to police report. Police said Balta, former groom at the track, told him
he left Veronica strapped in a car seat in his 96-pontiac most of the day while he watched the races.
He left a window crack less than half an inch and said he checked out her from time to time.
He left Veronica alone for 45 minutes before he checked out her the final time shortly before
530 and found her not breathing. Temperatures said her they were in the upper 70s and it was sunny.
Balta called the child's mother, Michelle Bashford, a waitress at the track who rushed to the car.
She picked up the baby who was on Balta's lap and ran frantically through the parking lot looking
for the track nurse. Police spotted her and called fire rescue. Broward Medical Examiner Dr. Joshua
Perper said Monday the cause of the child's death was under investigation. He said children and the
elderly are more sensitive to temperature than adults because of the hypothalamus, the area of the
brain that regulates temperature doesn't work as well. If you leave them in a car in the sun,
Perper said it's like putting them in an oven. People who leave their kids and pets in cars,
in locked cars, in Florida or anywhere else. Those people to me are something I can't say no more.
Bad people. Bad their evil doers. God. 1057 at 560 WQM if your carpets look like an evil doers
done a number on them. Don't just open up the yellow pages and play Russian Relay with your
expensive carpeting. Do what I've been doing for over 20 years in my homes. Call the experts at
dry concepts because dry concepts be the best in a business at bringing carpeting back to life
no matter how old they are, how smutsy they look no matter what the deal is. Sanitize your home
today using dry concept certified train technicians. These guys are going to clean your carpets
the same way that they do your clothing, watch dry clean your clothing, and they'll leave them
vibrant and color-looking brand new soft to the touch smell and nominee fresh. They dry in just
a couple of hours and your guests and even your family members if they aren't around, they come in
and say, holy crap, you had brand new carpeting laid while I was out getting some. Don't forget
with dry concepts, your rugs like I said last longer too because they get the deep-down dirt out
of the fibers in there which makes your carpets always look fantastic. And when you call dry concepts,
be sure and mention that you'd like to be put understand by list which can save you an extra 15%
of the already low price of your next crop or cleaning. Call them today, don't forget to give
you that written guaranteed price before they start the work, no scams, no tack on zero rip offs,
just as stupendous unbeatable job every time. Call dry concepts toll free at 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071, or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
Ride and local, we're sports radio 560s, you a-
you a-
M.
It's how it, how it's been.
If anybody has a opinion, then this is ending from our way.
Then replace your name into the system and send me a message.
Hey, don't give a father to question. Just follow, don't say.
Everybody's turning fuzz.
Here it is.
That's just us.
Hey, in the act of history, in them, you're watching all of you.
Everyone's got a suspicion.
So what, what you do?
This is a declaration.
And all you might lose is your obligation.
I suspect you say you got to hate those Jews.
And Clinton did borrow stools.
Believe everything we tell you.
Under state run rules.
Bloodwall and gold, blood.
He loved your escalating.
A roof and chainy bush, baby.
That has to be.
We don't want to see our jobs go.
About the economy's good.
Are you sure?
Don't be so stupid.
Welcome.
All the hours I've seen, the facts of American way.
And everybody's turning fuzz.
Blackness USA.
I had to play that after you sent me this Max Castro column.
This is unbelievable.
That's surprising though.
Fascism is alive and well, boys and girls.
Before I get to that, it's a great column.
I'm going to read it.
Here's the facts from Mike who says, I'd like to have another choice to your poll.
I turned off the radio completely.
I don't listen to radio before 10 am.
That covers that.
Another morning show I used to listen to.
One on the buzzes, tone down the show out of fear.
There you go.
I know Joe personally.
Mr. Darrow can expect a fact from me.
He says, let him have it, Mike.
Stick it to him.
And by the way, that pussy still hasn't come in and explain to us what's going on with you on mark.
We demand an explanation right now.
Before 1250, before that first ball gets heaved.
You got it?
Got it.
Don't you think you ought to come in?
Let us know at least what kind of response he's getting.
If people are pissed off and fired up, if you get a lot of emails and phone calls and whatever.
And what are I?
I realize he can't make the final decision.
He's just a paper pusher.
He's just a paper pusher.
But at least communicate with us because we're supposed to be in the communications business.
But no, he's probably got important fish to fry right now.
Like screwing up the schedule again for next week like he did with that Panther game.
At the pond in Long Island.
Is it at the pond?
No.
So even a sports stuff he can't get right.
Talk about a little overpaid quizzling.
But anyway, Max Castor writes Miami a city on the edge.
And what better place to have fascism really planting its seeds deeply?
Than South Florida, especially Dave County.
Haven't I said for years that the Dave County isn't even part of the USA?
So what difference does it make?
There are no freedoms in Dave County.
It's the land of repression.
It's the land of where a bunch of right wing, one-dimensional lunatics,
have been running it for years and years and years.
There is no freedom of speech.
Max Castor, one of the only really outstanding columnists in the Harold,
Carl Heisenbuck twice a year writes something good.
And I got a good column from him in regard to Haiti if I can get to it.
And response to that fact I got from the real chronic factor about Haiti.
But anyway, Max Castor writes, author's note, early in December 2003,
The Harold informed me that it was dropping my column at the end of the year.
The Harold is given as many different reasons for this decision as the Bush administration has for the Iraq War and with equal credibility.
In both cases, the real reasons are transparently ideological.
My skill as a writer and analyst has never been questioned and certainly not by the Harold's editors.
My work has appeared in News Day, Salon, San Jose Mercury News,
San Centro New York Times, the talent has he democrat many other publications throughout the US and Latin America.
In the last five years, I co-wrote a book on power and immigrants in Miami,
edited a second book on international migration and published numerous essays and academic papers.
My views have been quoted widely in the US and international press.
And I provided commentary on CNN, Nightline, Frontline, Larry King Show, NPR and other media.
Under any other circumstances, a newspaper would promote marketer writer with a track record.
But the ideological winds were blowing strongly in the other direction.
During the five years, my columns appeared in the paper.
I became an increasingly lonely voice as the Harold moved decidedly to the right on Cuba and other issues.
The fact that the Harold replaced my old column with those of Carlos Alberto Montenegro reflects the length the Harold is willing to go to project a monolithic editorial voice on Cuba and Latin America.
It also belies the explanation that editors have provided some readers that have registered their complaints about ending my column,
namely that the paper wanted fresher and less ideologically predictable voices.
Is this what they mean by fresh and new?
For more than three decades, Carlos Alberto Montenegro has been sounding the same themes, odd nauseam, virulent and highly personal attacks against Fidel Castro,
strident criticism of even mildly left-leaning Latin American leaders, parties or movements,
and ideological commitment to the most orthodox version of laissez-faire capitalism,
and a total absence of concern for the social consequences or a focus on the people who suffer them,
and the thesis that all Latin American sales are derived from the deficient cultural values of its people and none from foreign exploitation and especially not from US-Hegemany.
Sound from a near- it should.
Carlos Alberto Montenegro is essentially Andre's openheimer on speed.
The opinions and obsessions are nearly identical, albeit delivered in different tones.
They specialize in policing and castigating, as signs of immature anti-Americanism or demagogic populism,
any hint of Latin American independence or insubordination vis-a-vis the dictates of the US or free-market orthodoxy.
Coupled with their repetitive, excessive focus on Cuba nearly to the exclusion of any concern for any other severe social and human rights problems in the hemisphere,
the voices of the Montenegro openheimer do are entirely consistent with the hero's own editorial drift.
On Cuba and Latin America, the hero now speaks with a single voice.
In contrast, my views on the embargo, the solution for Latin America's troubles and many other issues differed from the heroes during the alien controversy in 2000,
and now is my position defending the father's rights in the action of the US, Justice Department and removing the child from the home of the Miami relatives consistently clashed with the hero's editorial.
After I told NPR's Dan Schur that the hero's editorial position on alien was wildly out of step with public opinion in the US,
Harold publisher Alberto Ibargwen phoned in a transferred attempt to intimidate me.
Not long after the hero reduced the frequency of my columns from weekly to semi-weekly.
Finally, I'm not going to read the whole thing with the Eurcolon I've got here, we'll put this on a website.
Finally, my independence by refusal to tailor views to suit the paper's shop right turn, or to be silenced on issues like Iraq or the administration's top-down class war, was too much for the Miami-Herald.
At the end of the last year, immediately after following a calm contrasting to brilliant public relations success, a president pushed this Thanksgiving bagged that trip with the dismal realities of the word self,
I was informed that my next two columns would be my last.
But that wasn't the end of it.
As further proof that the Harold A. Stahlwerk Defender of Freedom, the President of Latin American of the Centers in Cuba couldn't handle the scent in its own ranks,
when I filed what should have been my next last column to appear on December 16, I received this church message from a Harold editor after reading this column we decided not to publish it.
And he's got the column in its entirety right here, which will put him, put this, get this on our website, okay?
Okay.
From Progressive Weekly, can you just fax this page here because it's got all the info at the bottom?
I'll do it.
So there you go boys and girls, if you think it's just a Howard Stern show or it's just Bubba Love Sponsor,
it's just some Bill in Congress that was worded in such a way that the Congress that the members on both sides of the aisle were too spineless to vote against it.
No, it's fascism.
It's alive and well, it's not just creeping, it's just running its ugly threads throughout America or every part of your life.
Fascism.
Now the Harold which I've hated for years and years anyway, now they've exposed themselves totally for what they really are.
Just a bunch of pandevers.
That's all they're doing and they never learn their lesson.
The people they're pandering to hate them like poison anyway.
Did the Cubans like the Harold?
No.
Almost have read their newspaper, of course not.
But they're never ever going to stop this incessant pandering.
So if you're looking for the reasons why South Florida never seems to change while the climate political otherwise just always is the same,
there's one of the reasons right there.
You got two crap newspapers.
One in Dade County and one in Broward of course that just, you know, you may even have mentioned.
Like I've told you, I mentioned it again yesterday.
I've been screaming about it for years.
Never going to happen though.
Because nobody reads newspapers.
Nobody reads books like Howard Beale said.
They're all under their own little world like that.
Bits says all they care about is Jailos ass.
What are they going to see it again?
Let's take a look at Heather Mills and her pair of legs and the other pair on our website.
And by the way, she's on her today.
For about a minute after 11 at 5.60, QAM.
The Redians done as dirt.
To done, tune in for the premiere of an all-new survivor.
People stranded on an island 90 miles south of the Florida coast with limited food, for education and bad housing.
Each contestant devising a plan to escape the island and traverse the treacherous waters to safety.
With my yab at the Odeldorak, I can smuggle inner tubes and make a wrap.
Join us each week for Cuban survivor.
I don't care what those pingos did. I'm not eating wrap.
Cuban survivor with special guest host, Gillian Gonzales.
11.17 at 5.60, the Harold Sucks make no mistake about it.
Okay, just put that on your forehead. The Miami-Herald blows.
Here's a thanks from Elliott in New Jersey who says, I listen to I'mus so I really don't care about Stern.
But even though I can't stand Stern, I still think clear channel is stupid and selling out.
Stern's got the right to be heard by those people who want to listen to him.
What a concept, Elliott. He's got the right to be heard by those people who want to listen to him.
That's the thing you've got your thumb right on it.
That used to be the American F and Wade. Not no mo.
Not no mo. We decided that you're too dirty to be on and you're going to be off.
Here's all this facts here. This is definitely from Rick Shaw.
The one that says an oldies fan.
Yeah.
Says, have Metro Costello? He's a hell of a nice guy. Sorry to see him go.
If I could bash one scumbag in radio, it would be Bob Hamilton from Jefferson Pilots Magic 102.7.
And then it's got a list of his cost-cutting moves.
It says he's got a nasty personality which has left some of the most decent on-air talent in the marketing hating him.
Oh, well, there's nobody hates anybody in radio. Are there, huh?
Absolutely.
Oh, there are.
Number one, cancel the stations. Number one, rated show that can't held Dewob Shop.
This is from you, Ken. You're not fooling anybody.
Then we already go to Batford. Can I hate that Dewob stuff? It's garbage.
See here?
Right? Right?
A broad light just like Howard Stern. If people want to hear Dewob, they got it right there. Dewob.
But anyway, number two, cancel Duke Box Saturday Night Hosted by Joe Johnson.
A fantastic live call and party request show, replaced it with more free piped in Dick Barley.
That was just a piped in show. Same thing with the Dewob Shop. Just piped in a syndicated show.
Well, that's the wave in the future, baby. Mr. Unsigned.
Three blew out the popular Night Host Tom community after he requested more than one weekend.
They week off every four months.
Four blew out overnight host Tom Hopkins for the same. That's not our Tom Hopkins, is it?
I don't know if any other.
I thought he was in Guatemala or somewhere. Of course the Rico chasing around a young ladies.
Tom Hopkins who said America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
Says he replaced Hopkins with a tape of Joe Johnson doing a re-record of the shift.
These same three shows are replayed every three days over and over again.
Says just a sampling of what a cheap scumbuck at Hamilton is and how we pray he moves on his way and all these fans.
Not only Spain, it's somebody works at magic. It's either Ken what's his name, the Dewob guy or it's Joe Johnson or it's Richa or all of them sat down and wrote it together.
Good luck to you guys, you'll need it. Okay. I tried to tell you it's a crap business. It blows.
Five, six, how about that Max Castro? He wrote some fat. How many times? Many, many times. I read this column's on a year.
But third man. Many times.
But far too liberal, far too honest, far too moderate for the anxious ultra right wing Miami herald.
So make no mistake about it you people at the herald you are in our Schmidt list.
Now even the parents are going to boycott the hero. How do you like that? They wouldn't on the best party if they could find it.
Clowns morons. WQM. Hello.
Hey, don't know. Okay. Maybe one question you could add to the poll is how many people just gave up and went to satellite radio.
Game up and went to satellite radio. Yeah. Well, like what do you listen to on satellite radio? Well, you have all the different channels, you know, different music and stuff like that.
And you have the news channels and stuff like that. Okay. Okay. And the German situation.
Neil question that has to be asked is maybe they will fire this way to voipling on or voipling unemployment.
That's a possibility. Make up some excuse. So while you have no unemployment, they have just cause they fired and then they have to play it.
Two four guys wouldn't surprise me. One night. I wouldn't surprise me coming from them. And me. Thanks for keeping us updated on it. Okay.
Okay, pal. But. You're going to put that on there Josh. Yeah.
Went to satellite radio. As your radio. I end. It's really. I mean, I'm not all that psychic a little bit now and in.
But wasn't I saying many weeks ago, along before the stern flap and all this other flap came down that your radio was dead and put it in the bottom of the swimming pool.
It's dead. It's a dead piece. Yeah. That's right. Just like that thing on those head. Absolutely. Dead piece.
Usually. Those people in Palm Beach County, but it didn't surprise me when you keep what's the average age of Randy's audience anywhere?
Of a 90. I was going to say 80. So no, please. We know. Don't leave us. The show is still going to be honest.
I'm just like her. She's going to have a gigantic audience. A hell of a lot more people. She's going to be on here in New York and in the.
Let's see LA Chicago and whatever to start. And in San Francisco coming to. So she's going to be on there instead of talking to the same old Yentos there in Palm Beach every day.
She's going to have a chance maybe to make a difference. But rather than saying, hey, congratulations, nice going, which is what I say. Go get them girl.
Rather than that, it's the same. Oh, please don't leave us. It won't be the same. We want you down here suffering and miserable like we are. That's right. Right. Florida. That's our state model, baby. Florida.
Well, we don't have a lot of time. We only got an hour and a half. All right. I feel like we've been robbed here today. This Marlins game. We better like dump it. Don't you think?
Yeah. What? Dump it a little earlier. Nah, get rid of it. Get it. We don't need no Marlins game. We got a lot of stuff going on here. Clear channel releases. Elliot in the morning statement.
Rita Paul show support for stirring among teenage girls. No less. How do you like that? Yeah, of course.
Two Trot out Jason shooting tail. Oh my gosh. Jason Williams. That's scumbag. Then we got this Haitian thing. I guess I better do the Haitian thing. I'm out here. You better.
Got a facts. It's his uncle Neil. I'm an ambit listener of your show and agree with most. Everything you say. But on the issue of Haiti, Aristide, you sound like a typical ignorant American.
What have I said about Haiti and Aristide? I said more than three words about it. No, what is there to say?
I'm the fact that he was just the latest long line of scumbags. Thanks for your education over the years. But this is very chronic.
This hand of this facts writing. But if you need alternative news stories about Haiti, please check out info shop dot org.
Access of logic dot org or visit and voice dot org. Keep up the good job. Harry in somewhere. Was that Santa bottom? I can't read it.
Shopped off. Harry. Harry somewhere. Well, Carl Heisen just coincidentally. Harry has a great column in the Harold. No less. How long? How much longer is Carl Heisen going to be there? How many more days?
Third man. I'm his ass. He says, imagine if there were oil in Haiti. Some people are actually surprised that the Bush administration twiddled its thumbs while the democratically elected president of a neighboring republic was run out of office by armed thugs.
The explanation is tragically simple. Haiti hasn't got anything we want. Because of massive erosion, precious little grows there. Coffee, sugar, some mango trees. Underground are modest quantities of copper, box-side and marble. But nothing we can't get in abundance elsewhere. Nothing worth deploying. A hundred thousand troops over like oil.
If only Haiti were sitting on half as much petroleum as Iraq, the US would have shown a much keener interest in what was happening there from Congress. You'd have heard some stirring speeches about our moral duty to help an ally under siege from outlaws.
My vice president Dick Cheney himself would have lumbered out of his bunker and made the rounds of the Sunday talk shows warning of the great global peril of Haitian president John Bertrand R. Esteeve were overthrown by paramilitary goons, killers and drugs mugglers.
Before you could say Halibut and stock options, a USR model would have been steaming toward Port Alprins while Cheney's pals in the private sector would have been ramping up to repair and secure the Haitian oil dericks.
Sadly though it is Haiti's fate to be hopelessly bewrepped of the natural riches that industrialized nations covered. US intervention would have been strictly an act of humanitarian motivation with no payoff and plenty of headaches.
The president pushed there's no moral incongruity in spending billions of dollars and hundreds of American lives try to install a first time democracy in far away Iraq while turning our back on a crumbling democracy in our own backyard.
The truth is we don't need another military engagement, but we do need is the same realignment of priorities. Bush would insist that Iraq under Sodom who's same with the larger menace, but the fact that the turmoil in Haiti has a direct and costly impact on the US starting in Florida.
Coast Guard and Customs anti-terrorism patrols already spend much of their time rounding up boatloads of desperate Haitian refugees are intercepting Mami-bound freighters loaded with cocaine.
Haiti has become a choice, transshipment point for South American drugs mugglers who are likely cheering for the current chaos.
Once our token force of US Marines is gone, the ports of Haiti will be open for dopers. I better put a stop there, just a little pause.
I'll tell you a couple more pages to go. I don't want to like stop reading. It's a good column Carl Heisen who somehow sneaks in. I don't know how he writes it there. They must have forgotten that he's there.
Thanks for your money. Maybe he's got the naked pictures. Maybe he's got the one that time feeler dropped on the floor of the night family.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM if you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid overworked in your sick and tired, if you had it up to here.
Here's the answer. Right up to here. Right up to about your armpit. But you don't have four years or a lot of cash to waste on college.
If this sounds like you then change your life, I make an easy phone call to our friends at fast train. Call them today. 866 fast train and see just how it can change your life when you have some skills.
Fast train can have you train in certified for a high paying computer network professional career by like July and as soon as four months. That's true. You can be fully trained already for that new career in as short as four months.
Fast train offers day eating and weekend classes to sit around your schedule. Fast train offers you job placement assistance financially for people to qualify.
And with seven Florida locations, there's about to be one convenient part where you live. So if you'd like to really change your life, get skills in a big fat paycheck that goes along with having a real career.
Check out fast train on the web at fast train.com and then make that call that can really turn it all around in your life too. Call 1-866 fast train.
My life and love is this is for 3.0560.
You weigh 2A.
Just some Haitians.
There was no farmer who lived on a rock. He sat in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the prick.
They're feeding the water. Their hands on their marbles and play things and hat pass more.
There came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and laces and white fluffy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rep use and litter from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of ball home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for lightly she'd show him her little bet dog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy so tasty made of butter sky.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty you can go f*** yourself.
Love a 32 out of clearance comming to get with an update on the adjoan marks situation.
Out of crannically and sometimes with a brutal assistance of the street gangs that are a bloody part of Haiti's history.
But the United States didn't help orchestrating a cut off of international funds and supplies that punished a poorest of Haiti's poor.
Hundred perhaps thousands of peasants died for no reason.
Austed by a coup in 1991 reinstated by American forces in 94, Aristide wasn't popular with the right wingers in the present Bush administration.
He was, however, Haiti's first and only duly elected president that he needed to resign became obvious.
Equally obvious was that the U.S. wasn't working very hard to make that happen peacefully.
Emblematic of U.S. indifference was the attitude of State Secretary Colin Powell, a decade
ago at President Clinton's request, Powell rushed to Haiti with former President Jimmy
Carter to help smooth Aristides return at a four-day full-blown invasion by UN forces.
This time around, Powell wasn't going anywhere.
Every now and then he would comment about the erupting chaos in the Haitian countryside,
but only too late to be declared, would candle out these thugs to come out of the hills,
or even an opposition to simply rise up and say we want you to leave in an undemocratic,
non-constitutional manner.
Thugs they are too, among those leading the anti-Arested mob or convicted killers,
dead squad assassins and crooked army officers.
Hilariously they've not promised to lay down their weapons so that a new government
can be formed.
Of course not a soul in Haiti believes that these goons will voluntarily turn over all
their guns to the Marines.
Watch what happens when the American forces leave, or if you're like Bush, don't watch.
As every President since 1915 has learned, there's no obvious solution to Haiti's misery.
Woodrow Wilson sent troops that ended up staying 19 years, Clinton sent troops that stayed
less than two years.
Ronald Reagan sent a jet to carry away Jean-Claude Duvalier after he'd stolen everything
in Porto Prince that wasn't nailed down.
Now Bush sends a jet to carry away Aresti, leaving the country to looters and criminals.
From exile in Florida comes a new Prime Minister Gerard LaTour II, who faces the Goliath
task of uniting a country that's poor, sick, hungry, and frenetic.
He'd be full-heartedly hearted to expect much support from the U.S., unless by a miracle
somebody discovers oil in Haiti's Tearsoke Plains.
Well, what a great collar by Carlisans.
Twice a year he writes some good stuff, even though it isn't a hero, in the garbage
wrapper.
So there you go, my Faxor friend, Harry.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on EAT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
How has the clear channel dumping of Howard Stern affected your listing?
We got 401 votes.
Now I started, I interrupted myself, which I haven't done.
You see the difference between the response on this poll and those early days after a clear
channel to the Aacta Stern program off the year when it was like 80 million votes are coming
into public as foaming at the mouth because they realized that you'll just have, like
like Mo said, he was right, although he's a little bit precipinent, but it's just a matter
of time.
And they're like back off, they'll forget about it, they'll move on with their life,
and what are they going to do anyway, see?
401 votes.
I never listened to Stern anyway, 159.
I'd always listened to the radio before 10 now, 89.
I listened to music in the morning now, 44.
I listened to Mo and Joe Rose now, 40.
I listened to Bob and Tom, 22.
I listened to the ancient Paul and Old Ron now, 20.
Not much.
It hasn't changed my listing much because I listened to Stern on the Internet, 18.
I listened to Howard David had now six, and I've turned to satellite radio three out
of 401 votes.
But here's some great news.
And I said this very sarcastically.
CBS promises that they won't pause, hit the pause button for sporting events.
Isn't that great?
Oh, I'm so delighted.
The wicked CBS eye, the evil eye wants you to know that will not institute a 10 second
delay during its coverage of the NCAA basketball championships in order to be
able to delete any four letter words uttered by angry players, obscene gestures from fans
and bleachers, streakers, beard, breasts, or any of the many forms of self-expression that
adds so much to our enjoyment of live, televised sporting events.
Oh, this is in the Washington Post.
CBS issued a statement that effect yesterday in response to a New York Times story that
reported that it worked hand-order the 10 second delay during March madness.
The story became a hot topic on talk radio, websites and other gossip mills.
Contrary to published reports, CBS will not use the delay in broadcasting.
The NCAA men's division won basketball championship the network said in statement.
CBS said it has no plans to impose the delay on at least the on-field interviews segments
of NFL games this fall.
As was also mentioned in the article which said that CBS executive vice president Marty
Frank says it's source.
Oh, well, they're taking their life.
They're taking their wicked eye in their hands.
I'll tell you that.
Even Sammy Davis would be nervous because during our just about every sporting event,
you can hear the players of muttering and screaming and yelling and, right.
Not to mention the speakers run out there which you have to be real quick, you know.
It only took like one and a half seconds of Janet Jackson's mostly exposed booby to get
all this stuff whipped up into a frenzy.
So God forbid we should see like a half a second of some guy out there running across the
court with a dangling participle.
See what I'm saying?
That's right.
God forbid we shouldn't be exposed to that better than a pregnant pilot.
The wrath of God will come down on CBS then.
Then you can forget about Howard Stern and Mel Carmers and all of my common CBS and MTV
and all of that stuff will have state run propaganda on 24 seven everywhere on your
radio dial on your TV dial and even on your famous pop up toaster and your watch.
How do you like that?
Wow.
So they're they're they want us to know they want us to understand that was first of all
let me ask you this what the reason they should be care about that.
And if they were smart which they're not they would run the delay they run the whole
thing into the way.
So it's the void because you just know that somebody's going to read that and somebody's
going to attend those games because you know you're dealing with a bunch of college punts
couple of awesome wise acres and they're going to be in the stand and something's going
to happen.
And somebody's going to go out of their way to yell as loud as they can during the middle
of a game.
But just to make sure it gets on the air.
What?
Start a chance in the crowd.
That's right.
Start a chance.
Nice going, Josh.
Start a chant in the crowd.
Colin Powell.
Right.
You or or better yet.
The FCC.
The FCC.
Something like that.
That would be great.
I'm going.
I'm going to stop.
I was Josh by the way.
Suggested that just keep that in mind when I come Josh was going to do it.
Because when they come for us we're going to oh we don't know who that is.
We got no idea who that is.
Speaking of Josh, how's Josh Dero doing?
He come by.
That's it.
I give him one last chance to stop by with just a little during a break with like a little
report to you that you could pass along to me wouldn't do it.
Wouldn't do it.
So here's the way it works boys and girls.
Not only they take a show off, I realize it's two to five in the morning.
There's only a few people.
But they take a show away.
They make up some of the concoct some of the football story whether who knows if it's
true or not and that they're gone.
And here on issue what we're trying to do between the show and the website is at least
at the very least because generally what happens is everybody who's listening to me right
now knows when the time comes for somebody to disappear it's like that's it they just
disappear.
Right.
Like Mike Winery or one way vacation.
Right.
No chance to say bye bye.
Thank you.
It's been great.
There's all the significance of those people.
Give it on for all your life and all of a sudden you turn on or radio your TV one day
they're gone.
That's it.
Just like Bob Weaver on channel of six.
Oh on NBC six.
Another bunch of evil doers.
You're favorite there was one.
And life goes on.
I mean what are people going to do?
They're going to drop their entire life and they're going to go out running around the
streets screaming and running and circle screaming and shouting.
I don't think so.
Right.
19 till noon you're done in my book clearance you're out you're finito you don't exist.
I've just washed you off the face of the earth.
Speaking of that if you like to wash some of that fat off your stomach I've tried that
but it doesn't work too well you know.
You know one of them.
Even with one of them squeegee tap sponges the fact that it's a six right in the forest
pad.
Not done do it.
Try scraping it off.
Balance for life is the painless way to do it literally because balance for life is
the premier meal delivery service.
It's based on Dr. Berry Sears prestigious zone diet.
Like I've put him many times the zone diet is very complicated but they take all the
complication out because they do the figuring out for you and our friends at balance for
life deliver right here door every day a little black sack with tons of great food in
there three delicious meals two great snacks right here do a step.
Everything is fresh fantastic.
They give you a menu you fill out once a week so you have two choices for every feeding
and with all that food how could you possibly say you're on a diet.
So instead of starving to death like you feel like you're doing the most of the other
diet programs you have plenty of food to keep you happy and satisfied all day long.
Don't settle for limitations.
Try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet.
There's no shopping no cooking no cleaning no calorie counting no carb counting no
not except eating and with a big smile on your post.
People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month on balance for life.
The zone diet has been proven to lower diabetes high cholesterol and high blood pressure
too and now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet here's your chance because
balance for life is the closest thing to liver fine because it's the only meal for
the recovery company that offers you menu choices let you go from phase one to phase
three of the South Beach diet.
If you've tried all the other ones and you're still fat you're still frustrated you're
still angry feel the difference and see the results how easy it is with balance for life.
Call them today 866-225-4543 that's toll free 1 866-225-4543 or check them out online
at balanceforlife.com.
This is 566-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-216-
and
the airways with the radio was permeated with the lights of Dr. Laura Bill Hendry and Michael Reagan
okay they call the clear channel cost are clearly out
make the message clear
the right wing not to see Republican mother
f***ers
they're all right wing not to see Republican mother
f***ers
that are married to whatever they are told to believe and worship
Georgia's their king
right wing not to see Republican mother f***ers
well the Democrats who craft their pants like a child at a scary movie
have Terry McCullough who should go home and shut up because he don't have a clue
what he's doing the Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who
they will run and you can color them done
if they run jolly for fun or right wing not to see Republican mother f***ers
they're all right wing not to see Republican mother f***ers
who get indicative it isn't them at getting a juicy humbler
just remember what I said when it comes in your back as they make you bored that train
right wing not to see Republican mother f***ers
they're all right wing not to see Republican mother f***ers
did he say something about the Humper in there?
I think that was like my beautiful Anton is what I thought he said
I'm not really too sure 1148 we got an hour to go can you believe that
I can believe it that is shocking to me we got Marlon's baseball today which is
just un-American if you ask me
Marlon's on decade 1250 the game is 105 the Orioles in the Marlins in Jupiter
I prefer to let silly ass prissy Norma Kentza on a way to that game
what a child that is then you got the hopper is on with the NCAA preview show after the game
and keep in mind those NCAA games will be uncensored on CBS on the evil eye
thank the Lord thank you then we got the big seven attended night any K
oh look at this another mistake by clearance are you looking at that schedule
I never look at that schedule take a look take a puke at it all right it says Orlando
else a query seven to ten what's on between ten and eleven uh man a transmitter maintenance
11 to 2 edd boy that's clearance man she is just fallen off the job can't handle it
and sporting news radio overnight we apologize ahead of time we apologize profusely for that crap
ten to 11 is like a blank spot on here he's got the panthers at the islanders tomorrow
that is pretty sad clearance like I said he's uh he's off my list but he's on a different list
here's the fact from big Alice is cute says great show keep up the great work I finally
figured out the religious right wing as they think the naked breast is obscene and
an item of great disgust they never a nurse from their mother they nurse direct from the cow
and got mad cow disease that's cute now or maybe they were nursing from that statue before
John ascroft put the sheet over it always nice to have a bunch of sheets around you know sometimes
you go to them Sunday meetings with them that's right I can tell you cover up some naked statues
full of them right five six seven let's get a lot of calls on in this last hour because I
realized we're getting really cheated big time here today five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T line Q and hello Neil yes sir how are you thanks very much for the good work
that you're doing for the community keeping these uh... pathetic people uh...
getting them stirred up a little bit i'm farting into the old wins through a man
it's uh... people go to stop fcc dot com there's an online uh... protest that they
can sign on and become a part of and get people going push that
to get the message out to the fcc really how come i it's taken how long's it been on
there uh... since uh... beginning of the month you can get a link in that on to your website
get more people involved in it absolutely will do it the uh... other thing is the
marlins might be interested in getting some of that uh... excess fcc fine money and build them a new
stadium that's a great idea there you go we've been the taxpayers will have to pay for
outstanding thanks bolly thanks new yeah stop fcc dot com i'm going to right now you need to play
no music i can uh... whistle dixie and two com at the same time okay
look at it's fed up with the government deciding what you can watch read and listen to
and addition to tighter definitions of indecency and i heard this is great this is
just what we need to thank you me go
it's already the sixteenth of the month and we're just getting around a finding out
about this man are we weak
and it even has a list of the uh... signature is for the various states so far
where the hell's florida
you see the list no one is
not looking at the capitals ninety eight hundred eight california forty six nineteen
new york was because nobody knows about this thing yet
right i'm looking for florida on here i don't see it
joja three hundred forty two
i don't see no florida i see santa coda with twenty one that's a whole states
pissed off up there it's got to be on here somewhere where it tells fl fl
fl who put the f and florida huh oh it's got to other it is seventeen ever
sixty five
so it's kind of like what's that's a one two three four five's worst number six
and i guarantee we're gonna make it number one we're gonna uh... move up and
beyond everybody
let's get the link on their right away arick if not sooner before i knew before
the little hand it's the big and i want to put the pressure on you
because i might create some really a run running well you know
stop fcc dot com we want the link on there in big bold red letters prominent
everybody should go to this
it says read a message from the author of stop fcc dot com click here join the
campaign for free speech today cast your vote for the first amendment
help us get a million signatures tell your friends about stop fcc dot com
if you run a website have a blog post a link if you're active in message boards
post a link if you remember of the media mentioned the link all radio stations
get the url on the air however you do it get the word out together we can make
a difference
and then it's got the u.s constitution first amendment
congress shall make no law respecting establishment of religion
or publishing the free exercise there are or bridging the freedom of speech
or the press or the right of people peaceably to assembly audio audio
in position the government for our redress grievances
remember the first amendment member her nice that used to be
yeah the last five people decided to petition and it's got names of the
people look at that at eleven fifty a.m. just in last uh... in eleven fifty there
were five people on their so this is growing like crazy doesn't have the names
and addresses doesn't
uh... it just has their name in the city okay
then have their address
this is going to fill this out
we the undersigned play their support for freedom of speech and expression on the
year waves print the internet broadcast cable and satellite
while we realize that the government has an obligation to protect our children
surely there is needs to be a limit on what is to what is regulated
adults and parents are capable of making decisions about what to watch read or
listen to and are certainly capable of turning off or putting down anything that
may offend them or their children as voting citizens we ask our elected officials
to consider your actions and attempting to further regulate television
radio cable satellite print or an internet content
we consider further censorship attempts to be unconstitutional and will fight
these actions by voting for a politician who cares about our rights
as americans and it's got a thing for you to for lunches name and dress
the
uh...
so more importantly no name and city it doesn't have your street address
name a city zip code email if you want
it says for verification only they will not show it to nobody
and that's his type your full name is a substitute for your real signature
it'll serve as your e-signature it's a beautiful thing anyway yes
more importantly more important than this yeah
the ballgame might be rained out
clerks is here he just came into a lot of snow that all he comes in there for
that one guess what we're leaving a twelve fifty okay you do the show
i don't want to do the show no i mean him
oh he can do the show all right great idea i already mentally i'm at
a justice you this is the problem with these damn ball games no seriously this
is not acceptable
we have just been the hits yeah let's just place him hits okay we're already
been told that we're getting off here at twelve fifty this blown into ballgame
might get rained up on maybe it will and maybe won't
what about if they play a half an inch and that gets rained out what do we do
then come back no i mean you can come back i'll be out to lunch i'll be like
clearance i'll be out to lunch i got a lunch date
wow so so what does that mean what does that mean what does that mean
here we are we haven't planned any further than this that's just what's going on
well i'll tell you what i'm going to do right now
i'm going online for florida
what florida radar i see i'm going to take a puke at the weather radar because i
think he's making it up in the first place see he manages to come in there for
that right the things that the audience would like to know the
information that we need to put on here he can't be bothered with that
no because he scared of his own shadow
let's see or land where's the florida radar that we're looking for national radar
short-rate huh my any radar well my my radar ain't going to be show no
Jupiter let's see what pops up here on my thing oh there is that a beautiful
beautiful lovely uh there's a lot of rate over by four buyers and
seabring there's a big blob just between four buyers and sorry soda
i don't uh i wish tell i could put this in uh oh there you go loop
is this gonna is this gonna loop it we're gonna do the loop the loop
yeah there goes it's looping over here oh man you know that ballgame
yeah forget about it oh no well no i mean let's see Jupiter is up there by
i haven't been in Jupiter in so long by Melbourne right up in that area
oh yeah yeah right in the middle there well no seriously is it north of
Melbourne is the closer they tone of beach south of south of Melbourne oh it's
south of Melbourne man oh man it's gonna be raining like the end of the
it's gonna be raining frogs there is what it shows here on this radar
it's gonna be raining french Canadians because there's a huge with greens and
yellows and all kind of stuff hidden in that direction coming from the south west
we could play a tape of a game yeah let's play a tape of an old game or maybe we
can play i'll tell you what i'll make a deal with them okay what i'll do is i'll
just play some of that leaf game again from last night all right
so let's see i will play the whole leaf game man in an hour that'll kill it last hour
how do you like that okay any okay see but i'll take it this should be a lot more
saying than any crap that he would put on here 1157 at 560 qa and stay till
and we don't know what the hell is going on here
oh
this is mark morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on qa
damn
this is a George Tubbies
He stopped the show.
He sat down on the porties in the amtahol.
Now my spring break sucks, it's no fun at all.
We say this fight, but she's rent.
I'm party.
We can't party, niggas, loud music can't play.
They won't even let you stay out past eight.
The budget administration is such a trend.
Next year's spring break is gonna be by the class.
We say this fight, but she's rent.
I'm party.
This is a fact you just sent me from crazy John.
Get yourself some mental help John, okay?
Wow, that is really a beautiful thing.
I never have time to waste with that crap.
We have no log, any radio station to have what's known as a rain out log.
Right.
Even though you're not a sportsy kind of a guy, when there's a ball game schedule, you know like a baseball game that things that do get rained out.
I have a rain out log.
We have a rain out log for the one to two hour today.
I think I can already answer my own question.
No, we have a drain out log.
The good news is that this stop the FCC.com within just a matter of moments got three more people to sign up from Florida.
We need millions, man.
Nobody knows about this thing.
I think a great idea would be to how do we do this?
Well, if we could just send a message, I was gonna say I would even raise some money and I'd be willing to donate myself to like take out ads and make your newspapers like the New York Times and the Washington Post.
See what I'm saying?
To promote his website.
And to promote the whole concept, the campaign for free speech stop FCC.com.
I mean, even even just among the Howard Stern supporters in the six markets, including stop Florida where he's been taken off the air.
And of course, those people who are peeing in their pants in New York and LA where he is still on here and everybody else as well.
Bob and Tom, they ought to be on this, right?
Right. Stern ought to be on it.
Now, New York has got only 3245 signatures that say distant third behind Texas and California.
I think it's ironic that Texas number one.
Nice going, W.
And Florida went from, oh, look at this.
I thought it was 17, I don't know.
I thought it was 17, I don't know because now it's his 1826.
The signatures are a pilot on there.
Football, not good pilot on, but in this pilot on is desired.
We're going to have this on our homepage.
Do we have it on there already or not?
I don't know.
Not?
Let's take a look.
Stop FCC.com and blue letters.
No less.
You're the best, Eric.
You are the best.
Go back to your belonging sandwich.
Stop FCC.com.
There it is. Click on it, man.
Just give it a click.
When you're through looking at what's your name?
Heather Mills.
When you're through clicking it.
Click this.
And there you go.
And sign up on this deal.
And the petition we can have millions of people petitioning.
And then of course what they do with these is they send them all the members of Congress.
And once they realize that the public isn't just going to sit back and take these indecency bills that sound so nice and willing, white and pure without a fight.
Then they'll say, well, wait a minute.
We better take a puket this, huh?
Right.
See, that's a problem.
They assume that to well nobody supports smart and indecency.
Well, you know, again, what else indecency can anybody to find out?
Does anybody know what it means?
No.
Is the FCC itself know what they're talking about?
No.
No.
It's like having to go out on a highway and putting out the speed limit signs in when some kind of in like a sandskrid.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Sandskrid.
Instead of like regular numbers that people can understand so that in other words intentionally so that you don't know what the damn speed limit is so they can nail your ass every time.
That's what the FCC is doing now.
That's what your government in action is doing.
Air mayic better.
Air mayic.
Air mayic.
Don't say that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you know, when are we going to get the word on this thing with a ballgame?
When are we going to get some kind of a...
I don't know yet.
When it either starts or doesn't.
And then some of us get to sit around just in case it ends.
When it either starts or it doesn't.
Right.
Well, if it's called rained out before 1250 then I'll stick around.
If it starts, see ya.
Bye, bye.
Well, doesn't that make sense?
Am I going to sit here on my ass from between 1250 and 1250?
Well, you're getting paid for the four hours.
Well, guess what?
I just got sick in 1250.
I'll be here.
I just got a bad headache.
I got a clearance, Darrow headache.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the only AT&T line.
QA and hello.
Yes, sir.
We're smoking South Beach.
Hi, you're coming.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the only AT&T in Verizon line.
So sad, you know.
So little time and so many of those.
WQA and hello.
All right.
The underwater must be running cats and dogs somewhere.
The underwater colors are starting to come in.
Those are my favorite.
WQA and hello.
QA and?
Yes, the oil is new there.
Speaking.
Yeah, I went to Jupiter right now.
It's more than cats and dogs.
Oh, that's the end of that then.
Yeah, I would say go home.
I am home.
Oh, I know you're home here in Toronto.
Thanks, Pally.
It's raining cats and dogs in Jupiter.
There's the report.
Not looking too promising for that game.
Well, that's okay.
We have no, uh, so I guess it's our Tuesday, one to two hour.
I reckon.
Of course, the only problem is we can't play enough bits anymore
that we can fill up a whole hour.
We got all these tunes.
Yeah.
Oh, I got a good idea.
We could just play one over and over again a whole hour.
All right.
Yeah.
Freedom's a endless barrier here.
Freedom's a endless barrier.
What do you say?
All right.
Something to think about will pull the audience, so to speak.
Can we say that anymore?
No.
We'll make requests of the audience for their opinion.
Speaking of that, let's take a look at the poll.
See what's going on here.
We got that link to stopfcc.com.
That's beautiful.
I'm so grateful that that guy had called in.
I just wish somebody would have done it sooner.
542 votes.
How has the career channel dumping a Howard Stern affected your listening?
I never listened to Stern anyway.
2018 40.2%.
2.18.
I've listened to the radio before 10 o'clock now, 120.
I listen to music in the morning now, 57.
I listen to Mo and Joe Rose now, 49.
I listen to Bob and Tom.
Look at that.
Scott.
But 30, man.
Magnificent choice.
I listen to old Paul and ancient Ron now, 29.
Not much change.
I listen to Stern on the net now, 20.
I listen to Howard David now, 11.
That is embarrassing.
Absolutely.
And I've turned to a satellite radio 8 out of 542.
Good poll.
Good response.
Good luck to us all.
Man.
This is a beautiful thing.
I got to, in fact, the fabulous part about this website is,
it's one of those that you can kind of track, you know what I mean?
Because they show you the last five people to sign up every minute, I guess.
How do they do that?
I know it's, huh?
One of those little robot things that just does it out there.
Josh should be telling us that.
Let's see, Florida 1842.
That means another 16 people are signed up in the last few minutes.
Well, that's pretty slow.
Let's get with it.
Let's get on it.
Okay.
And don't be giving me this stuff.
Oh, I don't want to give them the, oh, my name is a drug.
Yeah, all of a sudden the government's going to come after me, right?
If you, if you're that cowardly, hop out of an anabot and get lost.
Here's a guy in Lake Worth that just this sign on.
Hector.
But in the meantime, California, I like, well, maybe there are talk people doing this all around the country now.
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah, what would be a beautiful thing?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
That's big to know.
Speaking.
Hey, Mr. Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Mr. Collar.
Hey, Neil, did you catch that on PBS that title of bill, special with the 70 soul?
No.
Oh, you didn't catch that?
No.
Oh, great, man.
They had all the 70 singers, all the soul guys, man.
When was this?
Oh, that's, that is an Atlantic city couple of months back.
But they're showing it over and over again because PBS, you know, the only way they could stay on the air is if they get donations.
Right.
They're begging, right?
Yeah, they had everybody.
They had everybody but very white, you know, but it was a good show.
You know, the stylistics, the Manhattan's.
By the way, I just got a bullet in here.
Very white is still dead.
That's a bad news.
Hey, now, now, Neil, I was watching CNN last night.
I'm so sorry.
I agree with saying that they're still going to reprimand 40 other radio stations throughout America.
And this is about...
Well, what it was, I mean, reprimand.
Fine.
I mean, there's a problem.
Fine, there's something or whatever.
But they haven't named the stations yet.
And they're saying that this is going to be like a surprise to the people because of something that they've done in the past.
I just hope one of them ain't you.
No. Now, we've already checked on that.
The only thing we got hanging over our heads is morale.
You know, I just think how it's turned.
You know, being on cable, that's one thing.
You know, yeah, you can't censor cable.
But on the radio, he doesn't deserve to be on the radio doing what he does.
He tries to do the same show on the radio that he does on the TV.
Why do you say that?
He doesn't deserve to be.
He's been doing it for 20 years.
How can you say that?
Well, but he does do a lot of studies though.
You know, he leaves a lot for the imagination.
Yeah.
But, you know, he shouldn't be on the air doing stuff that should only be on the radio.
So, I really did all cry.
I don't know how I saw that.
I don't listen to him.
I haven't listened to him in years.
I don't steal me either.
Maybe at night, you know, he's got a girl with some big boobs on there.
There you go.
Good luck to Palli.
Hang in there.
All right.
Thank you.
From 13 at 560 WTAQAM, stopfcc.com, the campaign for free speech.
This is our lucky day, man.
Oh!
Wow.
We've been looking for an outlet and inlet and the uplet, a downlit, a droplet, something to
try to find to build a little momentum here, a place where people can go and express their
frustration or anger in their disgust and nip this in the bud before just totally
out of control if that's possible.
Give it a shot.
1213 at 560 WTAQAM, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need, the only one mortgage from
financial group.
The benefits are in, credible.
You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, even zero discounted
points.
Get yourself that unbeatable new low interest rate is just 1.25%.
If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay only $334 a month.
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay only $668 a month.
And don't forget.
Once you be financing it a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever
pay closing costs again.
So call that toll free number, 1-866-395-Lend.
Get that low rate mortgage you deserve, then move to your nice property with no further
cost or expense.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing costs, even when you move to
another property.
Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group.
For details call that new toll free number, 1-866-395-Lend and never pay closing costs again.
1-866-395-L-E-N-D.
The Renekble Housing Lender restrictions apply, rate something to change monthly, 4.21 APR.
The Renekble Housing Lender restrictions apply, rate something to change monthly, 4.21 APR.
The Renekble Housing Lender restrictions apply, rate something to change monthly,
4.21 APR.
Tired of paying FCC funds from me, feeling so censored, my show is now stable.
I don't know what you expect me to be, but under arrest, take me off my show.
I'm not going to go back to doing that kind of show, light bulb radio.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
Who would have called me on my cell phone in the other room now in the middle of the show?
Remember?
Wait a minute.
That was a call for Brian.
Brian?
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
I'm not doing that no more.
