Jimmy and Danny's in the market.
Yeah, Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
I'm going to ask a lot about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley Alongs
Apotments, wherever he comes with his own frigid air.
We'll take it.
10.02 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Tuesday, too.
Isn't it, though?
It is.
It's a happy day at QAM.
I think it is.
Nice going, Mo.
Would you get that a lot of there already?
Get him out of there.
Just go.
Go back to your desk and sniff where Doreen used to sit.
Oh, what?
God.
Oh, I already cleaned it with Listerine.
The Listerine spray.
Listerine.
Oh, no.
Lister clean.
Is your blister clean?
Oh, that's good.
Let me take a look at it.
It's a little pussy.
Oh, gee.
Anyway, let's do the prom offer, because Miguel will be very happy looking his wound.
These people in this building, what a bunch of Yenthas.
I'm so glad I'm not here 90% of the time.
Oh, it's great.
No, it's not.
It's like a soap on a nut house.
Join Joe Costello of Night, 73930 to the sand bar grill in the grove, stop by to win t-shirts
and tickets to watch the Panthers and the Flyers from the Bug Party Zone.
The Panthers were Nathan Horton's out for the season maybe.
That would be a really big blow.
At any rate, quite a thing happened this morning here.
Let me do the results from yesterday's poll.
Sure, no, the most Doreen.
What?
Don't want to sell this one short.
No.
Well, no, I'm going to lay it right out there with the others acting the way it happened.
I would give more about 70% of the credit for what happened this morning.
I'll take the rest.
530, man.
Right.
We'll see if I would have said 80%.
Yeah, you could have played a lot.
So if you think it is a 90% more, then I couldn't have played.
530, man.
So that's it.
I give them a say.
I give them actually 70%.
Here's the result from yesterday's poll.
Regardless of which candidate you support, which contender is best articulating your views.
You folks understand a question?
Oh.
Well, 1377 votes.
That's not too shabby, right?
Right.
By the way, Bob Vermouth continues to be an asshole.
See, this is what happens when you put somebody.
He said, well, this guy is corporate.
He's corporate.
He's with the big shots over there in the beastlies and Naples.
In fact, they even let him climb up on one of their tree under the limit of the tree and hang out with him once and then we'll say, yeah.
The banjo tree.
He plays the banjo.
Yeah.
He picks it.
And the banjo too.
Hey, Vermouth, you're an idiot, man.
He went and changed everybody's password to get into the computers.
We almost had a disaster here.
They almost had the show canceled due to technical incompetence again.
This place needs somebody to come in here and tell Greg Reed, you're full of crap.
I'm going to get some things done in here.
We're going to like tell Bob Vermouth to stick it.
We're going to fire George Corso's ass.
We're going to get this place straightened out.
It's stuff playing Make Believe Radio.
Look how well we've been doing the last few years here.
And can you imagine how much better we could all see now you're starting trouble with that pipe dreamer?
See, that's one thing about most people in the world.
Most people are willing.
They'll take whatever comes along.
They don't give a crap.
What choice you got?
Most people are mediocre.
They don't strive for greatness.
And that certainly is the case about this place, man.
As long as we get the ball scores on it, as long as we're doing Danny and Dave and Dave and Danny and Danny and Dave and Wayne and whatever.
By the way, Wayne, you're a freaking liar, baby.
Yeah.
But that, it was like, does he rule all over again that thing?
And when I heard them play this morning, the clip where he was bitching out our Mundo Selgera and Harvard the other reporter was.
The dolphin beat writer.
He was beaten it.
And he was ripping them in ass for high-fiving and buffalo when the dolphins were squeezed out of the playoffs when Denver won.
You're a liar, Wayne.
Because that's the first thing that everybody thought of.
A Marching TV yesterday and here comes Tony Siger-Wreto on there.
And our good buddy, Little Dog Joe Rose, with his head on TV fills up my whole screen.
I got a 52 in screen.
Seriously.
He's a great guy, but man, what a gigantic head.
That's a show business, hey.
If there's anybody out there in Radio Land that's really interested in great head.
Believe you me, we got the guy from 8 to 10, the old big head.
Forget about the big dog and Little Dog.
We got the big head.
And anyway, he's on there breathlessly and I'm thinking, what is this all about?
And then I see we got the press conference on.
And Danny Boy is back in.
And of course, the first thing anybody with a brain thinks is, oh, this is another PR stunt.
Because the fans are sour and they're pissed off and they're really, really pissed off that he's keeping Dave Wandsett.
And Rick Scorchino, whatever the hell is his name is.
Remember Rick Scorchino from Carter?
No.
And so the bottom line is, you know, we'll pacify him with Danny.
And he's got those two big plus high paying TV jobs.
So they'll give him a lot of money.
Wankin' afford it.
Anything you're trying to pacify the locals, you know?
And so for him to get all bad out of shape because he resents that question and how dare they ask her,
you're full of crap, Wayne.
Okay, you lie and sack a crap.
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
Yeah, we did.
Robert Coney would change their mind and decide they wanted to build his facility.
I will not play here.
Uh-huh.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying,
here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
Oh, no, we wouldn't want to say that. What do we, huh?
You lie and sack a crap with your gigantic ball spot from ear to ear.
You're an idiot.
Anyway, we'll get to him.
We'll get to my piecemaking with Mo, my love in this morning.
He started out a little bit hostile to be honest with him.
Absolutely.
But it turned into a quite a thing.
That's a fight.
No, no.
And again, didn't I a year ago, November, didn't I say I wanted to have a meeting with him and clear the air and Greg Wheatbrook?
Oh, but I beat, but I mean, Greg's got to go on.
Why is asked today and he's got to go service this one and that one.
Always too busy.
Our absentee management.
That's a problem here.
And this place could be great.
In hetero-respect, you should have just done it without Greg.
Couldn't have done it without Greg.
Who would have been there?
You invite him to Ruth's Chris and there you go.
That's not a meeting.
That's got me.
Oh, so back in that time, I'm going to buy him dinner.
Screw you, man.
I didn't say we had that good of a meeting.
Oh, no.
No, it was good.
1383 votes.
Here's the poll for yesterday.
Regardless of which candidate you support, which contender is best articulating your views.
Now, I don't understand how bush only got 8%.
I'm delighted to see that even though I don't believe it.
But if he gets like 17, 18% against the Democratic candidates, how is that possible?
Am I missing something?
I don't know.
Huh?
I mean, regardless of how many candidates there are, you think out of the total vote, he'd
still get to 17%.
You know what I'm saying?
One would think.
Well, he didn't.
They're all full of Schmidt form to 88.
Good point.
Dean 236.
Dennis Cassett, it's nice going, baby.
183.
In fact, maybe he could borrow most peace.
Most hair actually looked pretty good this morning, see?
Maybe that's what allowed me to have that conversation.
Now, seriously, that was the best looking.
That must have been the Sunday go to meet and peace.
A percentage 183, Clark 157, Bush 112, that's only 8%.
The Sharpton 76, Edwards 44, and you'll notice how they're wasted no time in
Pylon on Porpollo Neal.
Well, maybe he broke the law.
In other words, here's the media again instead of saying, this is a blockbuster story.
The book is going to come out today, meaning today.
And here we are.
Maybe all these people over there are dying based on a bunch of lies.
Instead of that, what's the media's take?
Oh, well, maybe he broke the laws.
It's a felony, you know?
And those top secret reports that we saw there on 60 minutes.
And the public says, oh, yeah, that's a good point.
Put them in jail.
Edwards 44, Carrie 29, Gebhard 23, Jew Lieberman only 20, and Carol Mosley Braun,
Carol Mosley Brown 15.
What is her name Carol Mosley Brown?
She had 15, 13, 185 votes.
I don't want to hear about which part is it, okay?
I don't want to know.
It's not up my alley, so to speak.
Ooh, what a thought.
Now, she's good.
I like her a lot.
But I mean, she hasn't got a Chinaman's chance.
And I don't know.
She has got no chance, Carol Mosley Brown.
So, anyway, let's do the break, because I want to come back until quite a story.
Although we probably ought to take the call from line 6 first, QAM.
Yeah, let me get to the street.
We still got one, Steve.
Get out of here.
This, a two o'clock, the mad dog will be here.
Those of you who want to go into this football crap, it's going to go on now
for how many weeks on a station?
About 30 minutes.
Yeah, until next year season starts all over again.
Thank the Lord.
They should be kissing the ground here, you know what?
Thank you, Wayne.
Even though you're a lion son of a bitch.
Thank you, Wayne.
Because at least he gave them some fodder for your fodder.
Yeah, for the mill here for next many weeks, now that the dolphin season, I couldn't be wrong,
but isn't the dolphin season over?
Yeah, it seems to me that they ain't playing these days.
But those lucky people, oh, you know, I forgot to mention that to Howard about the Patriots.
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
He admitted to me.
He said he does have a thing for Tom Brady.
He admitted to that.
I said me first.
No, seriously, if this was a real place of business, Greg Reed would have orchestrated this
instead of just sitting back and saying, oh, what was us?
What was us?
See, I think he enjoys it.
He enjoys it.
He loves it.
Yeah, he thrives on it, Greg.
All the hatred and all the insecurity and the paranoia and the backstabbing, and he's got the water
not see running around, he's dropping in a hallway, you know?
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if the beast is his mole.
Maybe that's the mole.
It's a pretty big mole.
Because the beast looks a little like Barry Jackass, only really.
In fact, maybe he's double brown back in the lunches every day of the beast.
Yeah, maybe his mommy double brown bags it.
Piece of crap.
Hey, beast, you're on a way out, maybe.
Trust me when I tell you.
It's 11 past.
What are you laughing about?
When a doubt kick his ass out.
I told Clarence and Clare to do, hey, listen, Clarece, it'll be in just more time for you to debon, you know?
That'll make those late-night meetings, those unions, even that much more emotional and significant.
He doesn't have to worry about a job.
He's got those rich parents, spoiled rich UM brat.
He's everything everybody hates about the uofanics of his white.
Anyway, it's 11 past 10, 560, WQM, and of course, he's Jewish.
Oi!
Boy, is there something in the ear here again?
I think that was all a subterfuge this morning.
I think they're piping the poison gas through the event.
Maybe that's Greg doing it.
We've got to do something.
Hey, are you and a dead end job?
Are you working for a real asshole?
Well, regardless, New Year's Resolution don't just happen like automatic.
You've got to do something yourself.
Put your plans into action.
Call Fast Train today at 1-866-Fast Train.
Todd Dredk came wandering around in this morning and most said, get out of here Todd.
He did.
He actually called under the door.
You know, the little area between the door where he hits the cement.
And he's sluggard in there, like a rat.
Classes start in January, which means they're underway right now.
So if you're committed and dedicated, fast train can help you becoming a certified computer professional in just four short months instead of just saying paper or plastic,
or can I take your order again, please?
That's right.
Get you a new high-paying career in just four short months of demand for a certified computer professionals.
Is it an all-time high right now?
And Fast Train offers convenient day evening or weekend classes, job placement assistance financial aid for people to qualify.
So call a good folks at Fast Train right now and change your life for the better at 1-866-Fast Train.
This year, don't miss that train of opportunity. Hop on it right now in the train too.
This year, make your New Year's Resolution a reality by getting a real job at a big fat paycheck that goes with it.
Call Fast Train tool free right now. If you check them on the web at fastrain.com, make that call.
Tell them the Todd Dreck tool didn't call 1-866-Fast Train.
This is for 20 or 5-6.
You way out.
Hey Arthur, play off this.
Ooooo!
All right.
Fast Train tool free.
Fast Train tool free.
That's what you do.
That way, my Zingah's such an asshole.
He held that marriage that greedy turd.
Because he wouldn't take a shower with Acleberg.
Fast Train tool free.
Oh!
Each way, my Zingah's such an asshole.
Here he's just like Hitler and Abe Abron.
What's that he's pounding on?
I want to give you a kiss.
Okay.
You've heard it.
A-hole, asshole.
Wait here's a quintessential asshole.
He only think there is left the same.
It's dropped and right away.
Hey Wayne, Roddy, you're crap.
Okay, so that's fake indignation yesterday, Abron.
That was a terrible question.
You're not fooling anybody.
That's the first thing that would come to everybody's mind.
This is a PR move to pacify the A of the angry, anxious fans.
And if it's not well, you know, in a noble sea, time will tell.
So there's our first poll today.
What's the last time we took a Danny Marino poll?
I guess it was maybe back in Jimmy and Danny Days.
Okay.
And Danny and Jimmy.
I think we're going to have like 14 other devotes on yesterday's poll.
If we just leave it up there another second or two, we got 13.98.
That'll make me very excited.
Do you believe that?
You know what's how I'm stalling off on the most arranging?
You know, not only that, I want to make sure that all the howard sperm people are turned over here.
I want the whole world to hear this story because this is the, what's the day today?
January 13th, it's Greg Weed's lucky day today, the 13th.
And what number is Danny Marino boy?
13.
What number was the shirt, the Jof and Jersey that Moe was wearing this morning?
13.
It's peace day.
It is.
So peace on everybody.
In fact, we'd all like a peace.
Let's see what we got.
13.99.
Oh come on, you folks, you're new better than that.
I want to get this thing, Schmidt can already.
I want to wrap this thing up so I can give it a brand new pool.
Okay, let's take a look at it.
Oh, now they're all hopping on it.
Well, like I said, hop off of it.
Okay, so it'll refresh on it.
All right.
I guarantee it's probably looking at 14.01.
14.01 on yesterday's poll, which I'll ready to give it the numbers.
Okay, here's our first poll today.
The second one later, I like a lot.
You didn't see it, did you?
No.
Good.
Second poll later, which we will build.
We've never done this one.
Don't accuse me of doing this before we've done.
What was your favorite TV show?
Yeah.
And favorite TV personality actor actress.
We have never done.
What was your all-time favorite TV character?
I don't think we have.
Not even close.
I got two of them here.
I know who's going to win.
Archie Bunker?
Yes.
That was the first one I wrote down.
And guess what?
The second one I wrote down, which you won't like.
Because I know you wouldn't like it.
Frank Cannon.
Okay.
Never stole a freight train.
No, I just thought he was neat.
I thought that the William Conrad was great.
And he was a fat.
And it was silly.
The fact that this fat guy was wobbling around catching all these evil doers.
But nevertheless, I just put it on there as a starter.
Anyway, here's the first poll.
There's very important stuff.
Everybody get on the edge of your seat right now.
Okay, squat.
Drop a big one.
What's your take on the Din Reno hiring?
What's your take?
Come on.
What's your take?
Five choices.
See, that's why I love this time.
And the same neurotic repetition.
Nothing ever changes.
You know, oh, no, it's freaking Cuban.
It's one big English.
You know, that will never change.
Huh?
I was watching gangs in New York.
And somebody was on the dox.
And it was an 1890 something.
Doesn't anybody speak English in New York anymore?
No.
And?
Oh, I was just thinking.
When, how was I yesterday?
Where was I?
Oh, it was last night at the track.
And a couple of the, uh, the, uh, bus boy guys that are speaking
Patois, a couple of the Haitian guys.
They're Patois.
And then I got this guy at the table across from me who was Italian.
Or we have not a Guido, but a real Italian,
a old-headed guy.
And he's an, uh, baller by the way, man, my dad's with them.
He's like, oh, my God.
All right, with his, a man, my daddy.
I don't like Patois too pasty.
And, uh, and something.
Does anybody in this place speak English?
I mean, even Mickey McNichol was speaking in a four-language last night.
Hey, by the way, Mickey, Christy McNichol drives better new to.
Anyway, what's your take on the Dan Marino hiring?
I smell super bowl.
That's the first choice, huh?
Or smell and super bowl.
Can you smell it?
Oh, yeah, I like that flavor, man.
And, hey, he cuts the best melon farts.
And here I thought you might be distracted from your humor this time.
No!
Why?
Current events.
I figured I'd be clueling and reflecting.
Current events?
You mean the mo business?
Yeah.
I'll get to that.
I want to take my time with that.
It's too important.
And I'm not making light of that either.
It was a major day in my life and his too, I believe.
It really was.
All of us.
And you assholes up here.
I come back up the elevator.
I come up here.
And, uh, they're all running around.
This is a, this is a kitty place.
It's a sandbox.
It's a bunch of overgrown children.
And they're watching on the security monitor.
They're watching the summit that moment I had down in the parking lot this morning.
It was summit.
All right.
Huh?
No, everybody.
And then, of course, Joe Rose, I find out.
I'll talk about a yenta.
I told you he's a little bit of a backstab, where I love the little dog, but he's a backstab.
A little bit.
You like Twitenden there?
Yeah.
A little aint' to the, I mean.
What did you just say?
Nothing.
I told him that he ought to be the next one.
And then Hank.
Have a sit down.
True.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
And I'll say it again.
If Greg Reed, if you had any balls at all, if you had any brains at all, which you certainly don't,
you would have been the one to orchestrate it.
And this long time ago, we could have cleared the air here, and life could have gone on.
We're still playing them low bits, and we're still having a good time.
Absolutely.
But at least it wouldn't have been all this hate and hostility going on.
Yeah, it's no way to run a business, but Greg, we don't know how to run a business.
He hasn't got a clue.
He's got that bitch back there who's selling like a dollar a hour, you know.
And we guys saw all these phony, baloney spots, all these free mentions, which I noticed the promo today.
Oh, that's right.
The Sandbar grill in the grove.
Excuse me.
There's always at least one, you know.
Well, they got to be somewhere.
Right.
Can't just say it's such an address.
Anyway, I smell super bowl.
That's the first choice.
It's a PR stunt to pacify doll fans.
Danny's a winner.
I like it.
It won't change a thing, or I couldn't give a Schmidt less.
Well, that, I guess, will be your vote.
Or maybe not.
You're, you're a Danny person.
You at least know who that is.
Well, a Danny person.
You know who he is.
Yeah.
He got them funky lips like, like that Joker on restaurants.
Got all the restaurants.
Risks the Montes.
He's got the CBS TV gig.
He's got the HB TV gig.
He's everywhere.
Mm-hmm.
Still to give a crap.
No.
But in any way, the cheer is a lot of fun for QIM.
Every time there's another Danny thing.
I'm starting to remember that Jimmy Johnson's coming back to replace Dave Onster right before the season starts.
Jimmy and Danny.
When have he great?
Oh, together again.
I love it.
Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy.
And then we can play those bits over and over and over again and they can talk day after day.
Is it Jimmy's fault?
Is it Danny's fault?
Who sucks the most?
Anyway, I haven't even got that I did.
I smell super bowl.
It's PR stunt to pacify doll fans.
Danny's a winner.
I like it.
It won't change a thing or I couldn't give a shit.
There's your five choices.
Let's hop on that pole, baby.
And what am I voting to get this thing started?
I was sure I wish that this, uh, see, I don't, this isn't even set up right here.
That's why I hate this studio.
This studio blows.
Uh, it's a PR stunt.
Oh, the, if you think he's paying him all that money.
Yeah, he is.
He is.
I mean, I'll, I'll hit it soon as somebody comes on and dig it like Wayne did yesterday.
And then you know that he's trying to cover up the lie.
Oh, look at, look at all the votes on there.
I just put the pole up and there's already 52 votes on there.
Eric just yanked it on there.
Oh, I'm cutting it.
This is a big winner.
This is where it's at, man.
Don't think that we can evade this just because it's a sports thing.
It's more than sports.
Dan Moreno is bigger than life itself in this town.
He really is.
I know.
He's, he's, he's never still afraid train.
Danny, boy.
Right.
He's not somebody we dislike on his show.
I always like Danny.
In fact, it just pained me that these phony freaking fans down here.
Oh, well, you know, he's over the hill and he never won a Super Bowl.
He don't have any ring.
Yeah, he's got rings all right.
Ring around a collar.
Okay.
52 votes.
It's a PR stunt to pacify Dolphins in spite of Wayne's denials yesterday.
Absolutely.
21 people said that.
Danny's a winner.
I like it.
12.
I couldn't give a Schmidt less.
11.
It won't change the things.
I think six.
I smell Super Bowl only too.
I'm sure one of those is Tony cigarette.
You're so silly, Tony.
You're an idiot.
You're such a silly goose, man.
I'm so embarrassed.
You know, even the news from Buffalo, I don't care what anybody says.
It's not, you know, Buffalo is in a major market.
It's a million people.
But even the news from Buffalo smells a little bit more professionalism than the newscast we got down here.
And I noticed that Steve Wolfward on Channel 4 news is long gone now.
He was good.
He was too professional for here.
Just like John Hamburg was too professional for here.
But somebody silly like Tony cigarette who's just a silly sports UM nerd turned news anchor with a gigantic ego, him and sloppy, Volopi.
Is she still around?
I don't know.
Oh, you don't watch that channel.
No.
But our big head is on there.
Sure.
I saw him yesterday afternoon.
I said, this is my buddy Joe Rose.
I watched the All Rodriguez News Channel 4.
Right.
Elliot Rodriguez.
Maggie Rodriguez.
Maggie Rodriguez.
I'm not even going to watch that.
I'm not even going to watch that.
I'm not going to watch that.
I'm not going to watch that.
I'm not going to watch that.
If things don't work out here, maybe you can go to work on there, because it's part of the deal with mole.
I can't do that.
So there's the initial results on our poll.
Let's do the break.
Well, no, cause I want to like ease into this.
I want to give the whole story.
After we take a collar to real quick.
Jimmy and Daniel are you going?
Hello,く VM.
Yes, sir.
You've been doing those sucks, buddy.
Right there is definitive South Florida, baby.
I like it. Oh
Dan marino sucks, buddy. That's the first response we get here on the near Roger show
And on the one that's supposed to be negative, right? That's right
Although I didn't vote for I think it's just a PR stuff because you know he's keeping he's keeping wants that which is a bad
Even instead of this contract
Yeah, two years with no playoffs man
The guy is strictly Chicago Bears re-incarnate is just kaka poop and what's the other one?
Pissing what else are we missing everybody off?
He's pissing everybody off so and they still got Rick Squartino now is the new general manager
Which is a joke because Rick weighs about 85 pounds. He's to write a card and then he had that knows problem
Oh look wait you're not gonna believe the response on this pool today. You're gonna be a astonished are they?
He's a super bull 87. It's only been on here for like about six or seven minutes 87
Vote maybe the republicans are freaking it. Well keep this on till noon
Then we'll start we'll worry about building up the other one or or maybe we'll save the other one for tomorrow
I don't know you think we can build it and then do it tomorrow whatever you know then what do we do tomorrow?
Because we're not doing that one in two palatites our normal or get that's done. That's over. I get my word on that
See we're gonna make it a whole new deal here in
2004 and giving you folks a little mole
Is what we're doing because we're desperate wait till Friday and we're just we're just biden time
Del Friday when that book comes out. It's gonna be
We a stinker ruin midday and the rest of the who the hell knows I have no idea could be all kinds of things could be really good could be
But we'll see my good friend kid curry was even sniffing around on there talking about Anna a squeeze big ass
He did make a comment
He did throw in some kind of crack he came in the middle of a convert our conversation down there and made some kind of a crack about
Oh, yeah, it's just a radio show just ask on a squee. I give it a squeeze
Yeah, she's got a real big ass and the kid curry's into big ass although a little bit younger big ass these days
It's a 27 past 10 am I right? No comment. How old is his misses now, buddy?
Teen I
Think she just had a birthday 12
Hey, let me tell you something right now. Let me give you a 12 reasons or maybe a hundred reasons to go to the ammo coach
Chinese buffet because the food is so damn good and they give you so much of it whether you're like one of those people
Who's not a really big eater but just enjoys delicious food or real pig or anything in between you'll see a lot of big beefy people in that place
Or any buffet, but you'll love it because everything is fresh and delicious
They got six different kinds of soups like your wanton and your hot and sour and all the other good stuff
Your creploth soup and they've got dozens and dozens of delicious entrees like New York strip made order in a sizzling
Asian grill along with a brand new seafood saying Jacques plant enjoy oysters on a half shell every night
If that isn't enough try the last can stone crab middle neck clams dumbos shrimp scampi and for the first time ever steamed main lobster on the weekends
Try the handcar primer of their new Thai specialties too and keep in mind unlike almost every Chinese restaurant in the universe
No headaches no bad pounding headache when you walk out because they don't use any MSG
They don't use any cornstarch
They cook all are good crap with only cholesterol for yours
So you'll walk out with a big smile on your face and a real healthy full stomach too
You'll find a full salad bar a new sushi bar freshroom cocktail and for people that got a crowbar or a gigantic
Pupig a full dessert station too if you have any room left featuring bells and waffles pies
Cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings fresh fruit as well three ever close locations for you
They're in sunrise pine on a 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north 163rd North Miami Beach
And you also find them at the intersection of prestigious fliminglo and pember grotes in
Geriatric Pembroke Pines so take the gossam ish baha baby the entire family or book your next business luncheon right now
And a lot of good friends the theme will coast do the cook and for you take out an delivery always available to call 9 5 4
572 38 22 that's 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese boufets
Oh
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team
They flood the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen
They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control and when you say Miami
You're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teens in a week?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Don't bet on them. You'll always
They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block no their coaches ought to tell them to
Then they in their jocks then they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the stadium
We'll see Miami in and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teens in a week?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins that seem that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands
They watch the game and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch. I wonder how Joave got to be so goddamn rich and they're the
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teens in the league?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
The dolphins have J-Feedler that quarterbacks a Jew
Run down the field and he will flow a pass over you
Or he'll never win a Super Bowl you shouldn't be surprised
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teens in the league?
92 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew
Oh
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke like George Bush eating pretzels
You know they're gonna choke
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race
With fewer points than podcasts on high zingas ugly face in there that
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
Oh what the hell 32
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Now they're through
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
A-Playing High Linguah
1035 at 560
Joros admitted to me this morning which I thought was pretty big of the big dog
He admitted that he and Danny occasionally get together in a weekend still take showers together
Yeah, wouldn't that the white of him?
No, they have special guest showers
For special guests yeah like two heads
Are better than one
164 votes can you believe that that pull has been up there like maybe 15 minutes staggering
It is shocking man. It's scandalous to go to show you
What a one horse boogie in town is is help whatever that means
Just change again 168 votes they're they're coming in in chunks
Can you tell it can you hear it?
Chunks
168 what's your take on the Dan Reno hiring
It's a PR stuff to pacify doll fans 63 they're not buying it baldy. They're not buying it
Which I was telling more about the chris more story
Uh, right remember the months that I was in limbo
We were paid not to work I remember it very well or seven months that packs and paid me off
I did and I was telling about chris moron coming on the station
And telling the boogster whoever he was on with that they maybe josegakey I think it might have been
Chunks the gucky sucks okay
And chris moron coming on breathlessly
I don't think Neil Rogers will ever be on wqa
I mean if he comes on here it starts ripping Wayne has digger can you imagine the very first day that'll be the end of that uh no
See even more made of very good plot that is Wayne doesn't sign our paychecks here
Well, he might sign most paycheck for the dolphin game
He don't sign mine for doing a talk show
Does he sign your check? No, he ain't got nothing new. He doesn't own the radio station
He's got nothing to do with it. Okay, so there you go Wayne. We'll say whatever how we want chris moron
Is he still on your here? No, oh, I don't think chris moron was ever on this station
You know something I don't think chris moron will ever do the panther games. I don't think it'll ever happen. Do you?
I think Gellie's got a better chance to do in the panther games than chris moron
Rat attack
Anyway, sir
Did you ever see chris moron and uh
For all together? No, that's a good point. Yeah
Water pipe sir rat attacks here. See? Yeah, good boy. I think it's him
I think that's what happened as they found out it was really him and dragon. That's where they blew him out of here
168 votes. What's your take? It's a PR stunt to pass by doll fans 83
Right now. That's a six. I'm sorry 63
Danny's a winner. I like it 42. I couldn't give a Schmidt less 31. How many for that?
About 30 man. I won't change the thing 26 and I smell super bowl six
We're talking super bowl because we're the danmarino doll fans. Can you see it coming? Sure. I can smell it
I'm getting my tickets and it's right up the street again
In fact, maybe it'll be safe to be a doll fan again
You know that woman that guy ripped on a show Friday. I think that guy was a little bit
I think that was the point she was trying to make
That about the panthers remember she called in and she said oh no now
It's okay to root for the panthers again because they're playing pretty she was being a little bit sarcastic
I called and ripped her and asked which was fine
Charles and dear field beats that oh and when you people lay off a little
We did the very heavy-duty serious show yesterday and of course now today the big deal is oh a polo near
You know may have broken the law. I mean naturally so that's a media for you. What can I tell you?
As opposed to saying hey, you mean to say we're in this war because we were lied to and I had this planned all along
And they just had to make up some grotesque reason and make up a bunch of lies
So they can go in there and kick some ass and divvy up the world fields and stuff like that. Yeah
But that's your media for you
Don't ever and the only good piece of news is that young people are turning away from mainstream media to get their news
Even Tom Jerkah had to come about that this morning about the um not necessarily the news thing
Yeah, more and more young people are not there. They're not the watching
Maybe the ABC or CBS or NBC. There's certainly there's certainly now watching MSNBC nobody is or even CNN
Nobody under the age of 100 watches CNN including me
Certainly not news internet news there you go
That's what they do in their turn of the internet. They're going to neo-roger's.com to get the MS baby
They're going to something that might tell they're going to like move on.org
Yeah, and there's still there's still pineal acitilar ads on CNN
They just they just can't get away from that and and quite frankly if they had any balls they would use those ads
Right because those are the ones that are right on
Okay, let me get to the start right after the break
Huh, I think we've dilly-diddly that we had a major summit meeting in a parking lot this morning
perhaps the most
implausible
Unpredicted moment in history of this radio stage and maybe in the history of the human race I would say when you say so far
Trying to think of what might have come close. I don't know
But I think the bottom line is Greg. It's it's your fault, baby
Once again the ball being dropped by Greg read anybody seen him lately. No. Thank God
This is for radio high city
okay
you
Did you want something wrong?
Oh
You know
The
He was degraded until we all got screwed
And I thought that still I wasn't
Who stopped the way
I got this man from Tracy seeking fortune in the sun
He started renting movies
Section portal he had not heard
We did plans in big deal
He's gonna break the end of the late
And I'm not just still I want to
Who stopped the way
I heard the Roger saying
I want to walk him off
I went to see the dancers
And waited like the doors
If the hunter is crazy at that time
Well I can't find no fear
No more ghosts, if I want to
Who stopped the way
They still hate to ball they like poison
We ain't changed the complexion of sports and stuff
We'll make no mistake about it
He's a piece of crap
And of course even George was just reminiscing about the Marlins in the 1997
A first world series victory
And then of course right after the game
Oh well guess what if you don't build a system
We're trading off the whole team
And then we're like Kevin Brown, a couple other players
Oh well even play for a new salary
Wanna keep the thing going? No
Bye bye
Panthers
If you don't we already played the clip about
Build the arena and I won't play there anyway
Because I don't want to do one thing
And he's playing there and then he sold it
To this Porsche Muck Alan Cohen
And he just continues playing
How is that blockbuster stadium doing?
A blockbuster park
See if Marlins wouldn't have to be running around looking for a stadium
If we had blockbuster park
We have it and it could build
Was it a big fat line?
Yeah wow you know
I was the people
He sold all that blockbuster stock
You know with a tear in his eye
It was Miramar's fault
See I can't handle ultra rich people
I can't stand them
Yeah?
Because nothing is there
They never have enough
They never stop dicking with people
They never stop screwing around with people's emotions
You know just take all your money and go away already will you?
I'm not in the sports business too for the fans
I'm going to make money
Well screw you man
It's a reason they're called Filthy
Even though he has nothing to do with blockbuster anymore
He lets such a
A taint
On that establishment that there are a lot of people that won't go there
Just because he was involved in it
In fact most people think he's still involved in it
Right? A taint
And let's just tell him he is
A wane's going to be a blockbuster tonight
I think he's got something to do with it
Anyway
In fact here's a fact that says
I got to get to my Howard story
Old Baldi went off on Big O
Because he was asked a question that was correct
No not the Big O that's El Mando
He's got his spicks confused
He's got Orlando Elza Query
Mixed up with El Mando Zell Query
Whatever his name is
Dan is a pitchman
Great quarterback
Never coached
By the way what does Dan know about the auto business
Except how to buy a bunch of cars
Also how much is a gazillion dollars anyway
Yeah that's what Wane said yesterday
I saw the press conference
He's making a gazillion dollars over there at CBSNHBO
What does he need to come here to be
Anyway it says
It's signed an X-Dolphin fan
Baldi is a joke is what he says
How do you like that
Pick it on the Wayne Maister again good
Nice going whoever you are
X-Dolphin
Then here's another fact that says
Any excerpt from any QAM sports hero from out to logist
Host
Hello WQM color
Dave and Danny and Danny and Dave and Echo's on for like whole per rep
Host I see your point but I think
Dave and Danny and Danny and Echo's on for like another paragraph
It says
Host before I take the next call I have to
Depending on what show it is
Oh I see
You're picking on Mo's head again
Okay cut the crap
Well this was written before they heard the story
That's right
So anyway here's the story
Get on the edge of your seat okay
So I drive into the parking lot this morning
Into my lovely parking spot there
And I see off to the side there by where those benches are
I see Mo was over there with Gary Sarner
Two of my very favorite people
And I get out of the car
I take my little briefcase here as they're waddling toward the door
And Gary Sarner hey Neil how you doing hi Gary
And Mo looks at me and he said
I forget what the first word was
A few? That's?
No that was not the very first word
Oh because when I was driving in he said something about
The Zach story again he puts Zach on here
With that story as if we can't let that go already
And they said something about well
Spider what that cancer we have on the Lieutenant Clocks is
So anyway he made some
Grotesque comment toward me so as I started to go in the door
I said well you know cancer might be contagious Mo
Which is this my response to his comment about me being a cancer
And he said to me
F you, few you
And I looked at him and I said well back at you
And he said few the ground you walk on
Never do that
If I could find a molehole
Yeah
And then he rate
And so then Gary Sarner kind of got up and started getting nervous
And doing the same fight as dance and kind of waddling toward the door
So most said well come over here and tell me something
I said tell you what
I mean I don't want to repeat the whole conversation
But in other words it started out extremely hostile as you'd expect
And then he said well and I said to him I said well
What is it that I've said about you that isn't correct
You're said on the air wow name it you know when he went I said well give me something specific
So he decided that we were going to have a well I guess it was mutual
But it was I still say 70% him and about
3rd me
Percent me that we ought to sit down and like have a meeting of the minds
And he said sit down just like that sit down there's two benches out there right
I said well you sit down too
So we both sat down and we broke out of a lonely sandwich
No and well you know the Jews
And we got into a thing about this one did this and this one did that
And I said well you know I wanted to have a discussion like this
A year ago in November but Greg read the course is always too busy
And he's got corporate meeting and he's got this and he's got to go wipe his ass
And he's always got some excuse why he doesn't do these things
And he told me that he had agreed to it
Which I think is what we heard right right?
We did that at that time
But of course Greg wasn't going to facilitate it
And of course Clarence and Duff there are a couple of quizzlings
Many are a couple of pansies
Oh gee Greg it's a fight it's a fight
You know and that's what happens when you run a place like this the way Greg does
Is that nobody else has got any authority because he's got to be
It's all got to come back to Greg
Even sign in for like paper clips and toilet paper
That's why there's no pity cash here did you know that?
No I didn't
It's the only radio station I've ever only business I've ever been in my life
It doesn't have pity cash
That's petty
Yeah
Because you know he's got he has to have
And the funniest part about that I guess that empowers him you know
Because he can't write a check
All the checks have to come out of Naples probably because they don't trust him
Plus they know they've got a bunch of degenerate gamblers working here too
So anyway to make a long no well that's not a good idea to let people like checks check books you know
When you have people that are compulsive gamblers then they try to start covering like citing checks you know
Cover this a bet and cover that bet call him this bookie
So anyway to make a long story longer
We had a meeting of the minds and a you know and and mow very
Honestly admitted that he had done some really grow test things like the bulletinly ahead comment and apologize for it and I accepted it
And that doesn't mean we're going to be best of friends or that we like to have some kind of a love fest
But the fact of the matter is the ugliness stops here
To quote somebody from our favorite movie
Cook who's next
I play an alright thing but that's in there now
What's in there the alright drop I played alright drop
We don't need any sound effects for this this is serious this is something kind of a joke alright
It's wrong with you
My brain's a good thought and so anyway I said that he probably ought to have the same kind of a sit down with Hank and also with Joe Rose
Now I know beyond a shadow of it down I told him this I said a part of the audience is in my audience anyways
Going to be very upset that doesn't mean we're not going to continue playing a poker Brian bits. There's nothing malicious involved any of those there
There's humor it's a radio show and I told him that again I think he understands that finally
Good but I mean there's a difference between stick and
Reading malicious crap and it it's just his gun to the point of being so ugly around this place and now that I'm back here for a couple of weeks
I think it needs to stop and if we had any any kind not just this constant absentee management
An emotional cripple that keeps running away and running away and running away and hiding from the problems instead of doing something to solve them and bring people together
That's the main problem of Q&A it's not Howard David it's not the O'Rodges it's not Hank Goldberg it's not anybody else it's not even that obnoxious beast
It's Greg Reed you don't know how to run a business baby you don't know how to talk to people and the reason he's uncomfortable in doing that is because he can't do it
He doesn't come and say to me you know it's like today he called to tell me that he was firing your ass
I'm in Toronto I answered a phone about two fifteen oh Neil it's a Greg a
Congratulations on a great book only by the way I've decided to terminate the Georgia Rodriguez
Kind of like an afterthought I said I don't think so I don't think so and I don't want to rehash all of that too because that was an ugly period
That's what started this whole thing with Mo but that's the way Greg deals with problems
He cannot I mean it's just like a couple of times when it came so frustrating that I had a column at home
Which I've done maybe three times and the six years I've been here plus before we started which I talked about the other day about the studio won't be ready etc and so on
I mean when you continue digging yourself into a deeper and deeper and deeper hole and lying and lying and evading
And just like that first show we did on the year after all that history trying to get the studio built downstairs
And he takes his whole family and runs off on a plane in Chicago
Hoping just crossing his legs and fingers and eyes just praying that maybe by some miracle we could actually get the show on the year from that studio the next day
And keep in mind in those days we weren't even on the year from the studio they had a we were going through like by remote
Because the transmitter was over in the other joint but we had to dial up everything
We had to dial everything up every day and hope that the phone system would work and of course like even out of the worst we come in here this morning
And then we were going to be in an asshole and change the passwords and access to all the everybody's computer in the building
Everything's in America
But this is the Beasley F and Way and you can blame Greg Reed you can blame the Beasley's but the fact is this is the way they do business
They don't pay people in a timely fashion they don't want to cut loose with all the cash they're making
They got a bunch of little dictators like Bob Vermuth who's got a big ego problem
You know well we're going to do it this way and you're not going to do this and you're not going to do that
Remember the idea we had of doing like an hour on the internet?
Yeah
Well, no I think of that time when the transmitter went out when Pharrell was supposed to be doing this for a show
And he and I did an hour or so on the internet using every word that's ever been invented
That was maybe the most entertaining hours that we've ever been on this radio station
It was great radio
But it wasn't on the radio
But it was on the internet
Right
People were listening we got a lot of you be surprised how many people we got to listen out there on the internet
But third man
At least
And people loved it
And so we had that idea
Well we're not going to do that too because QA might be responsible but I'm out with you know
Which is why we don't even have a link anymore on a QA website for the near Rogers website
Because somebody made a big timmis about the fact that we had something on there that was sub-rosa
It was this
Whatever the hell it was
And so they caved in right away
They always caved in
That's why Pharrell ain't here no more because they always caved in
That's the nature of this place
Big big aspirations
They want to be this and they want to be that but they don't have they don't have the guts to do it
That's the problem
And we know you've had the guts to look somebody in the face never real conversation with them
And what kind of management is that
It's miss management
In fact that could be the new name we have for Greg miss management
Then we got the junior miss management
We could have a pageant
Yeah that's what I'm thinking
We got junior miss over there
We got junior miss over here
We got a couple of juniors
Yeah
Yeah
We'll have a pageant
It's the junior miss management passionate a pageant a QAn
Yeah I like it
Yeah we're gonna send that other poll for tomorrow
I'm on a roll now
Plus I want to hear all these Danny and Dave and Jimmy and Danny calls
Why should we?
Why should we be under prey there on such a roll now
Why should we interrupt in the beginning?
It's one thing after it goes on for about six to seven months and I have to intercede and say
Hey are these guys again a little bit carried away at a sports show
It's like I did with a Jimmy and Danny thing
It's getting really a few gun ponderous
Okay what's your take on the Dan Marino hiring?
This is the big story 286 votes in about 35 minutes
Is that shocking or what?
It is shocking
We could just go through the roof on this thing today
Which is where you go with the flow?
Flow?
I think when that's on Friday we're gonna hit the flow when that book comes out
A lot of people are gonna hit the flow including us
286 votes what's your take?
It's a PR stunt to pacify doll fans 106
Danny's a winner I like it 78 that's 27.2% I couldn't give a Schmidt less 54
It won't change a thing 37 and I smell Super Bowl 11
Smell Super Bowl
That's Owen Nolan's number hey how's your eye doing Owen?
11 votes I smell Super Bowl so the positive votes here we're talking about
Uh, yeah 31%
If you add the Danny's a winner I like it and I smell Super Bowl
Which means about 70% of this very negative town
Absolutely not too enthusiastic
Mine 3 balls
6 is 4,3,5,6,7,8,8,8
And Danny is a doc O!
Roy!
They sit and watch the TV with the finger up their butt
Whoa, what's up to know what's up to know what Christians do for fun
They fight the Lincoln corner while fondling their nuts
Whoa, what's up to know what Christians do for fun
Post a violent case from the faculty
It's hailing back to macaroni and cheese
Gun holes in the bed she just made the case they reproduced
That's just about all they're allowed to do
What's up to know what's up to know what's up to know
What's up to know what's up to know
Do they get a swollen put while feeding out their gun?
Whoa, what's up to know what's up to know what Christians do for fun
I wish I could fish on tailgate of their truck
Whoa, what's up to know what's up to know what Christians do for fun
Sit and stand and eat and sit back down again and chew
They watch her all down with their 12 pack of fruit
Live a life aboard a tough to him and he'll go
Got only smile the fun for him at home
Reckos
I left him alone, I left him alone, I left him alone
Yeah, I left him alone, I left him alone, I left him alone
1103 at 560 WQM, we got the man dog at 2, the Humper, they loaded for the staff known
Hurricane swarm up 645 and then you got to get out of here, okay, you yenta?
Was that that type of crap?
Who's the door all the way and get out of here?
Don't come back anytime soon, the beast
If we're gonna take a vote, I'm with Moa and that one, I'm voting with him
That's just because of our summit this morning but this man is a trouble
A waddling ball of trouble
A hurricane swarm of 645, a hurricane's at North Carolina basketball 7.05
Tonight or 7 o'clock, any interest?
Yes!
And really, any K-9 and Joe and Mark overnight 2-5
And speaking of Joe Costello, join them tonight
7.3930 at the Sandbarg, real in the Grove, stop out of win t-shirts
And tickets to watch the Panther Flyer game, when is that game? Do we know?
Oh, it's tomorrow night, Thursday night
I just gave the wrong line up
Oh, that's Wednesday, I'm trying to get ahead of myself
Not that I'm anxious to get out of here
Well, now let's do Tuesday and then we'll do Thursday
I'll do next week Monday
And I'm getting to that
Let's see, we got managed it to the loaded four with arrow in it, win them in 4-5
And by the way, every year a good guy, but your voice is terrible
The big 7 o'clock tonight, oh he's gonna be all whipped up about this dandy boy thing
I bet he can't wait to get out
Hey big hour land, if you'd like to come in now, give me a couple of extra hours
Any K-10, Joe and Mark overnight
Like I said, it's big in a Joe
Join him 7-39-30 at the Sandbar grill in the Grove tonight, stop out of win t-shirts
And tickets to the Panther Flyer game, Thursday night from the Bud Party Zone
Don't you want to be in the Bud Party Zone?
Why not? What's not to like?
And that bad news about Nathan Horton, really bad
Kid's gonna be good
Who's the doughnut guy?
Yeah, Tim Horton
What's your take on the Dan Reno firing?
Hi-hiring?
3-1-2
Get out of your top party!
Ooooooh!
Oh I'm sorry, that was so bad
I'm thinking ahead about two years
3-1-34 votes, it's a PR stunt to pacify doll fans, 116
34.7% think you're a liar Wayne
And Spidey or Chulan out Orlando Quiria or Zig-a-Gizagiri
Danny's a winner, I like it, 84.25.1%
I couldn't give a Schmidt list over 20% 68
It won't change a thing 53, 15.8%
I guess because they got the same coach and they got Rick Squirtino as GM now
And I smell Super Bowl, look what the number is
Do you see an omen?
13! Wow!
I can't see the number
Well I can, why not because your computer's a piece of crap and it's not working?
13, 3.8% say we're smell and Super Bowl because it's Danny, Marino
So that's 28.9%
This is quite a day, we got Dan Marino as the assistant chief cook and bottle washer with the dolphins
We got Moan Neal, have a summit in the parking garage down here in the parking lot
And the kiss and make up and shake hands
And that's not a publicity stunt by the way, it just happens spontaneously
And I'll say it again, I give him 70% of the credit and I'll take
13! Right!
And I really do think he ought to have a look at a sit down
With the big dog with Joe, who's a good guy and with a hopper who's a great guy
Right? Well see I shouldn't have said that, like I said, with Joe, who's a great guy and Hank who's okay
Even it out, okay there you go
No, I don't play favorites
They're all good guys
And as I pointed out to Mo, I get along with everybody here except up until today, except him
So I don't like that, is there anybody else?
I'm not talking about sales people or those kind of people
Or management
I'm talking about like, mad dog
Oh the brawl!
We got to agree with Ferrer, Joe Rose, love Joe
The hopper, Eddie Kay, Joe and Mark
Right on
Even the big bra-
The big brakdom
I already said Hank
Oh and he, here's the ever-come-to-you-and-sip
He'll always rip me on here, he never said that
Who Hank? No, the big O
No, I don't rip Hank on here
I've had some fun at his expense but he understands he gets it, see
Some fun at his expense
Oh no, and his pants
There's an expense in his pants, in fact he said that's why he wasn't on last week
We had to have all his pants let out an inch
Now come on, now I'll see him one of these days while I'm here
I'm looking on the schedule, I see he's in the studio next couple of days and today
So I wanted the hopper
In fact I might stick around extra one of these days just to make sure we can bond a little bit
And I can take a look and see just how expansive
I don't know what to say, because if I told you what I weighed on my scale this morning you would just get up and walk out
No, I used to it
And what do I tell you every time I come back here?
Mm-hmm
You know, because there's nothing else to do
I mean the track last night
Right?
Just eating, it's another meal I wouldn't have had it all
And I used to saw what I had here this morning, I had my inter-ex-diabetic and staying with stuff
That's my breakfast, going to mommy's for lunch, she's going to try to force feed me and sit there
Oh you're so fat, lose some weight
While she's pushing food in my direction
And that's all that is while I'm here
And Ponytail wants to bring in food and this one wants me to go eat here
And I can't do it, can I do it?
Fatal diabetic meal, can't do it
Okay, now what I'm going to do is I'm just going to let these people, I'm going to save that other pool for tomorrow
Because yeah, because that's great to kill tomorrow
Always plan ahead
And number two, the audience is just pent up with the motion about all this
About Wayne, about Danny, about the whole insanity of this whole thing about my summit with Moe
We just got too many fish to fry today
Yeah, that's the old fish fry
Ooh fat
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T, we're doing screenless by the way
So all you sports there is out there, they're waiting to get in your two cents about Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Dave
Just cool it, screenless, WQAM, hello
Davey and Danny and Danny and Davey and Danny and Davey and Danny and Davey and Davey and Davey
Yeah, I know, Woody
Hey Woody, no matter what the topic is, you're still the same asshole, I can smell it
Right over the phone, okay, even in Toronto I can smell you, idiot
WQAM, hello
Still, yes sir
My vote for the poll is not going to make the credit difference
Yeah
So I just said
Why don't you want to elaborate on that?
Well I think the players come down the board, they all party on Southeast
And the teachers are all going to highlight, okay
The players are partying on South Beach in the day of the teachers are going to highlight
So we haven't got a Chinaman's chance in Purgatory, okay?
But we got some good civic catch, we'll sell you real cheap WQAM, hello
Hello, Bill
Hello Bill, yes sir
I just wonder, in this world I can find some actually comfortable
Sheeper by the dozen rush, all right
Okay, let's do the break then we're going to really, we're going to get in a million calls today
Don't let it be said that I'm peeing on your parade
I can smell when there's something to be exploited, I mean really a push
You know when the audience is on fire
This town is smoldering man
Wayne you achieved one thing, got everybody talking again
Now what they're saying, you're probably not going to like because you're a hard ass
You know what I love the best about people with a lot of money?
I give up thin skin
Oh
Steinbrenner
Wayne, they're all real thin skin
Are you said that about me? Well shame on you
You know that kind of crap
Why would you care?
Exactly, I mean I don't, you know I make a couple of bucks but I certainly am not a multi-millionaire
But I don't give a crap what anybody said
But more importantly, why are you wearing that shirt again today?
Because you liked it so much yesterday
You're right, I wear a shirt two days
Do you? Yeah
Okay, I don't sweat a lot
I don't do any like manual labor, manual labor
I wear a shirt two days, that's fine
Is that okay? That's fine
Now if I wore it again tomorrow you said to me why are you wearing that thing?
Then I'd say well, because I'm becoming a slob in my old age
In fact, you know if it'll make you happy what I'll do is I'll wash it
I'll put it in the, although this, you can't put this in the washer can you?
Just kind of a shit
I don't know, probably okay
Oh, well I'll wash it and I'll just wear it the whole time I'm here
Beautiful
Because the beat, you know what the beat said to me again that little suck hold this morning when I waddled up
He said no, and I shirt again today, and he thought it was a different one
Yeah
See, I don't have any good shirts here
Oh, my good shirts are in Toronto
Right? Who am I going to dress up for here?
You? No?
Look at you
What is that?
Oh, it's your daily Davidson shirt
Oh, man
What a punk
Got a wool foot it, got it for free
Great
See, that's it, I think maybe I stole this one too, not a mention
I think Columbus smuggled it in for me from Mexico
11 minutes after, 11 at 560 WQ amount of momentum
All meant this day, baby we got the Neil Mo reunion
In fact, I'm going to play that
And then we got the Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Davey and Davey and Wayne and Wayne and Ricky and Rick Squartino
I'll tell you one thing we can all agree on and that is if you don't have a good mattress and don't get a good night's sleep
You feel like crap the next day, you haven't got any energy, you feel like you had no sleep at all
If the old mattress is giving you good service but it's worn out, here's the answer
Get yourself a better night's sleep in 2004 and for a long time to come by call my good pizons
At dial a mattress, toll free, it's 1-800 mattress
Celebrate the new year in real comfort with the new mattress and dial a mattress
Call them today, in fact if you call them right now they'll be on the door and knock it on your door before the day is out
The dial a mattress is proud to have added stirons of an antifaster, they're already strong championship lineup
Stirons and fosters are the finest mattress made in America and you can sleep on one tonight by calling 1-800 mattress now
And of course they also carry the complete line of all the other top manufacturers in the universe like
Seely, Serta, Simmons, King Coral and Temporpede
Choose from dozens of models that low, unbeatable, everyday discount prices
And only dial a mattress gives you that amazing delivery deal where you pick the two-hour delivery any day of the week that meets your schedule
Seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. You want their breed to intend a new one in the morning?
Two and four in the afternoon, whatever they'll show up on time
They'll take away the crappy old bedding and set up your brand new one and an extra charge
So with low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal, it's easy for even a more on to see
While dial a mattress is ranked number one in the world and customer satisfaction
Do what I've been doing for years and the other folks here are QM or Ketchon on too
They're all doing it called out on mattress for a great night's sleep for years to come call 1-800-MATR-ES
Or check them out online at mattress.com
My big local business is 5-60 years
The radio's all yours now
QM
We do it, we do it, we do it
Cut up every part
Ninja Rogers takes a mouthful of the sausage and whore haze pants
That pipe smoker and unpsychum-sized cute-wool bedding engaged in the fake of the day
I'm a cranky homo-mo-mo
Not that I minded but I'm way too old
I fantasize about being in bed to do
In a trist with feet learned my man friend
I'll kiss and make up with Jinder and some day
And then ask him to break my bun
No, there no more again
Though I would not feel the most old
No
And I would not be ashamed
About a ginger and more gay union
Just bold and then stroking away
Boy, baby, kill me, you're not my guy
Just sound like a nine-year-old kid
Only a macho-menely guy
You don't know it
That makes me lift my wig
If ginger was a lover of mine
I'd bury my boldest baby now
Inside his imply rear end to do do do do do do do
No, I would not be a sport-old
No
If I was not a closet of the face
That's why a ginger and more gay union
Would make me feel dizzy and scared
Oh, right, follow my thousand balls
Yeah, ginger and more gay union
Would make my swirls only air still safe
If we had a ginger and more gay union
That he wouldn't have to get me raped
I think that's a big news story in the market
Today, not the Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and Wayne and Dave's story
But nevertheless, what do I know?
380 votes on there and a little bit less than an hour
George, we're gonna get right around 400 in a first hour staggering
It is unbelievable is what it is
But yeah, as David Paul would say
Even Dan Paul might say it
What's your take on the Dan Marino hiring?
What's your take?
It's a PR stunt to pacify Dolphins, 129, 33 and about a third say that
You're turt
Danny's a winner, I like it, 99, 26 percent
I couldn't give a shmit less, 77, 20, 22 percent
It won't change a thing, 59, 15 and a half percent
And I smell super bowl, we're talking super bowl because it's Tony Cigreto
16 people
He's such a silly ass, you know what?
I hate to say that because your nose in there is probably pretty tight
Why is there like sports nerds, you know?
16 people say they're smelling super bowl
Of course they didn't say for which team
I'm smelling super bowl for New England again
WQA and Nell
GD, you hear that?
That was good
WQA and Nellow
I think they didn't say for which team
Yes sir
QA and
Sounds like me
Yeah, it's Neil
Yes sir
Meck, I'm a winner
Yes, a lot of people
Feel that way
567
0560
0560
0560
80 and 80
And Verizon Wireless Line
WQA and Nellow
Yes sir
How do you spell Kameh like this?
I want to be
WQA and Nellow
Yes sir
Since you made peace with more
Is George not sitting down with more too?
Or not
Is George going to sit down with more?
On his lap
He's sitting on his lap
Paul Winshal and Jerry Mahal
He's going to be on his knee
Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy
All right
See, he's happy
We're happy if you're happy folks
Of course, like I said, there'll be some people out there won't be happy
Because, oh, they like that
They like something that has to do with hate
Well, we don't hate anymore
No, no
It's just fun
Well, no, I mean, I told them we're still going to be like I just played that bit
He understands that now
And it's, am I right?
Absolutely
Okay
But it's a radio show
And everything is lightened up several degrees
And we've got an understanding
Oh, speaking of we got an understanding like the bishop said in the Godfather 3
No, no, no, I got this story
Where is it?
The church review of whether Roman Catholic bishops are doing enough to prevent sex abuse
Show that at least 150
Credibly accused priest had moved out of their dies
These raising worries that offenders are living unsupervised
In places where most people are nothing about them
Among those 150 priests, auditors learned that 10 clergymen had left the country
Some returning to home diocese overseas at least for them couldn't even be found
The wereabouts of the rest of the group are known to church leaders
And the report said that where possible bishops had complied with the new policy
And sent confidential notices to the priest new diocese
That they got like a pervert hanging out there
But victim advocates say that sending a private letter isn't enough
The church is leaving potentially dangerous offenders roaming around unsuspective communities they say
And I think they are absolutely correct
But what do I know?
Well, let's see, now here's one message
I just wanted to say hi, I'm your nice Jewish friend
She doesn't stop doing that, you know?
She?
Yeah
She's married to a... you know, whatever her name is
Oh, the old Suzan Jewish
Suzan, you don't have to keep doing that every time you send me a fax
It's a cute fax with goofy looking under his ass
It says, anyway, I hate all Florida teams including the dolphins
It's about who is richer and who is screwing up stupid
Oh, who is screwing who?
Well, okay, whatever you say Suzan, just calm down
She always starts out, I mean, you're a Mexican friend married to the Jewish guy in homestead
Just say it's Suzan, I don't know who it is, Suzan
We've only got just a few women listening anyway
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T Inforizon wireless line
That's our question today for this South Florida audience
What's your take?
And who'd like to take a shower with Dan Moreno?
Joe Rosas, you'll have to push him out of the way first
No, you're smiling, they still hang out, hang it out together
They do
I think they hot tub it, they air it out
WQAM
Yeah, good morning, New Yorker
Just like Mo and I air it out our differences, yes sir
Thank God, man, nobody's putting the wall over a dolphin fan side
Right
Wow, yeah, that was good today
Hey, they're gonna be great, man, this town is just bursting with energy
This is the best thing that happens since they invented Halafah
Since they started selling chalupas on South Beach
WQAM
WQAM line 9, there's nobody on there
WQAM, hello
WQAM
Hello, Uncle Neil, hi sir
Yes sir, okay
Where in this country can you get the Emmys from news?
Is there anything that actually gives you the Emmys these days?
What does that mean?
No, I'm just saying, where can you actually get the truth of them going on the internet?
On BBC, online, you'll be there
You'll be there
You'll be there
You'll be there
You'll be there
Or BBC, but only if you got it to get those on your, direct T and your dish or whatever
It's amazing because I speak to people on my cab all the time
There's so many people that just a brainwashed
No, no, anything that's gone
You can't even hold it in the television conversation
Of course, now the Paul O'Neill thing should have been one of the biggest bomb shells of all time
And instead they come up with this, so they start feeding the media this crap about
Well, maybe he broke the laws or felony this classified document
And nobody's even talking about what he said
So why, you know, I'm not gonna keep farting into the wind all the rest of my life
I did the best I could yesterday, I played the 60 minutes piece
And that's it, and nobody really cares, so it's room
People really know that it's a shame
Because it's just a matter of time before it all blows up and out face again
But I hope this room went up across the board and next year for a couple more people
Okay, we'll make a special presentation for it
Thank you, sir
Good luck to you
409, and Beatfoy is already proud of that
In one hour, George, we got 409 votes
That's real funny
409
Well, that's where we draw the line
No, just keep pown on there, baby
What's your take?
Because we're gonna send this to Wayne and show him that thank God the dolphin fans are getting the wool pulled over their eyes
It's a PR stunt to pacify dolphin fans, the hiring of Danny boy, 140, 34.2%
That number is rising, Wayne
They're not buying it
All this crap about, well, he wouldn't give up all that money just to be a figurehead
Haha
Danny's a winner, I like it, 107, 26.1%, I couldn't give a Schmidt less, 81
It won't change a thing, 62, and I smell Super Bowl, 19
Word talk and Super Bowl, that's the important stuff
Super Bowl, that ring, everybody's gonna have that ring
Grab Bob Lee, old brass ring, and hold onto your thing
4.6%, so when he had the two positive ones together, look what you got George
30.9%, almost 31% say, hey, this smells pretty good
Well, let me smell it again, Danny
5670560
WQAM
What? That line won, there's never anybody there, it's working now, but that one did, must disconnect faster something
Probably Bob removed on it
Hey Bob, you're an asshole
WQAM, hello
Hey Neil, how are you doing?
Okay sir
I'm we blessing this town, we got Dan Marino back here
We got Dan Marino and Neil and Moe made up, and what more could you want? We're blessed
I'm Bolero, Bolero, I want Sunday to the three Kings parade
I want to the three Queens parade myself
I got a four-year-old son, and then there was just a politics fest
And you know who came down the street, Iliana Ross Letamin
And she waved at my son, and I go to him shoot up a pie, and he shot her a birdie, and you should have seen her lift just pinched
Good for him, I say he's the next mayor of Miami, man
Absolutely correct, I just love God, thank you everything, I'm, I'm forks out of Marino's back
Praise Jesus, absolutely
Alright, in fact, what's that line about bush?
Which one?
The one with Bokeh Brian where he says, praise bush like Jesus
Praise Danny like Jesus
George was saying before the show that maybe we ought to have like a church, a church of the dolphin?
Sure, church of the dolphin, and we could have a gigantic thing, a big statue of Mary or whatever
A big statue of Danny Boy, right, you could have Shula on the crucifix
Shula, Shula, oh no, that hurts somebody call this one, was it this morning or last night I would go to the track
Oh my God, oh yeah it was last night called Eddie Kaye
By the way, Eddie hangs up on everybody, that's the reason I like him
He hangs up on everybody, good
But then of course he's only got the same four cranks, but he hangs up on all them
But anyway, he had somebody saying, you think Shula is coming back now?
I mean Shula, the shoe is my, I can tell me, that's the search thing
Danny and, uh, Don and, uh, whatever
And he just turned 96
I got a look for something else to do
I'm sure, like maybe you have somebody change your bag Don, the brain stem, wouldn't that be something?
See, this is the dolphin situation, let's keep going back into the past and back
How about Danny and quarterback next year
Oh, man, he's gonna be giving all that money, but as well he can like run up into the stands before the game
And make all the decisions and race down there through the entrance on the field
We're standing ovation, here comes number 13
Dan Marino
Huh? They should just be permanent since they're not gonna win anyway
I mean, I think when they put that statue in front of the stadium
And with the first time that a statue was ever built for a statue
Oh, man, they're gonna be the ones who are here supporting you 5'16
UAM
Pick the bad day to win sniffing glue
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Ow!
Mouncing off the walls in a rehab room
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Unloan from God, hateful and rotten
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Norkten and Papa did an eagle-actic-hat-im
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Oh!
Mouncing off the walls in a rehab room
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Mouncing off the walls in a rehab room
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Little girl, candy
I had an epiphany my friends
And epiphany
It's done
He made it
He made it
He made it
He made it
He made it
Under the rug is where the stories go
When he do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Damage controls so they can fit in holding
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Limba-druck the rust-ruggle-in-baw
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Limba-druck the rust-ruggle-in-baw
He do the rust-ruggle-in-baw
Oh!
29-till noon at 5.60 W.D.Q.M. Happy Tuesday
It's a great day, baby
It's a big day and South Florida does
See, I come back to town that something always happens
Right?
All the time
Remember September of 2001 I came back to town
And like the second day I'm back on the air
What happened?
Uh-huh
Not a good day
Go have a rendous day
But something happened
Something grotesque
Anyway, Sean, one of our chronic facts who says
I came across a movie called Big Trouble the other day
You know what?
You've gotten 20,000 calls on it
I have?
Yes
That had several scenes that paved the inane mentality of Miami Sports Hole Radio
The movie is at Best Media Okern if I told you who started in a work-to-screenplay for the movie you'd read no free
Hey, Barry
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
560 AM is clearly displayed on the videos tuner as they swish it off and discussed. Alright! I'll shame on them. That part was funny only because we work here. Right? So two or three times during the movie every time they pop it on it's the exact same conversation. Right? So that was cute. I see. Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy. Davie and Danny. That's our poll question today. I think we'll change the poll at noon. And we'll ask I'll create another poll. I'll send Erica's different second poll. About the Moan the Over Union.
Okay. Well I mean don't you think that's an equal and not your grade importance? What's your take? Right? We ought to do a whole series of asking you what I think is more important. Oh not even that's right. I forgot. In your case. Not even a contest. But I will say this we've really struck a raw near here at Nerva. Nive 445 votes. 445 and just slightly over an hour. They're smoking about this man. They're smoking the good stuff right now.
Rolled it up in the herald. By the way you'll get cancer if you do that. What's your take on the Dan Marino hiring about the dolphin organization? 445 big fat juicy votes. In fact I know it's going to change on me again. So like I said, 452 votes. See they're coming in in chunks. It's a PR. And by the way people will think well that's not really a lot of votes on those polls every day. If we didn't have the AOL problem we'd have thousands of votes every day. Right?
Now let me ask you this seriously. Why is it? Well really when you compare the number of votes we get other would I talk a nationwide or worldwide like CNN stuff like that. But would like other local polls even like newspaper polls we kick ass. Sure. Yes. We put them to shame even though I was reading the New York Post-Pole one day I thought well that's New Yorkers 15 million people. You know it was like it was in the middle of the day. And bear in mind that I was like 200 votes on it. And many of those other polls that you're talking about they don't have the kind of safeguard that we have to prevent people from voting twice.
Right. So people can just click on it multiple times and still they have less of a result. I see. Anyway 452 and just over an hour the people are really forming about this. It's a PR start to passify.
Doll fans 145 32% almost a third of this audience. You turn. Danni's a winner. I like it. 119. Let me lick his pits. I couldn't give a Schmidt less 94. It won't change a thing 74. And I smell super bowl 20.
We're smelling super bowl because 5.6 out of 0.5 60 pound 5.60 on the 8. And Verizon. I remember that the one year and there was Tony cigarette
out there doing his little cheerleading thing. We're talking Super Bowl. They had a whole special thing on the channel 6.
Did they win the Super Bowl? Did they go to the Super Bowl? No. No. Did they come close? No. Oh. Well there's line 9. It's always a hoot WQ I am. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am.
I'm sorry. I just wanted to tell you that I'm a woman that listens to you every single day. Yeah. And the only reason that the women don't call so much is because we're busy working. We got things to do. Yeah.
But only one of them is not filling out arbitrarian diaries. No. Because we don't have any women listening. So they say. Okay. Well I'm definitely one of them every day. I listen to you. Also I just wanted to tell you that my mother listened to you and I met you in the early 80s. So I'm sure that will make you feel very good.
And I love. I feel very old. I'm sorry. But you know you're raising generations of listeners here. And I like to listen to George. He always does a good job when you're gone and I appreciate you reading the news. It's always very interesting. Okay. Have a great day. In back to you. Bye bye.
I told you the good calls are online. Nine once in a while. Once in a blue moon. Five six seven oh five 60. What's your take. Come on folks. Here's your chance. Give it a shot. We got a shot. WQA. Hello.
Yes. WQA. Hello. Yeah. Marie no random. Dolvin. There's like a play by play guys trying to do a morning show. Oh no. See they just won't let it lie. They won't let's sleeping hogs lie faster. WQA. Hello. WQA. I'm. Okay. WQA. Hello.
Hey, I'm Goneal. How are you? Okay. Now the woman that listens to you religiously every day. No one ever sends me any arbitrary things. I read nothing. I speak a wrong language for that. Well, yeah. Good point. But I just wanted to say I listen every single day. I've listened for today today. I just love you. And it's just doesn't sound like schmoozing too much. Could I possibly get a shitting list request? Maybe. Sugar shockers. Sure. Thanks. Have a real. I'm not going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going
to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm doing anything. And I'm really going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I know how long it's been. And I find myself I think is a cunning question and she's a bit relieved to be saying I'm you know I'm going to say I'm going to say I'mola really not like the mother of your mouth are saying in isot want out or something like
carpenters how do you know that i just a thought
all could be by doubted
the thing that i know you're not set from the harry
the thing that you want me to be off the road
about the ice maker
we are a pipe smoker go ahead
the thing that pisses me off the most
every time he's on tv
i think i think i'll win win baldie
yeah right
he's always talking to you like a stern father right always lecturing
and
right
the only event that i would ever pay to see from him
it's to see him being beaten
with a rubber hose by the custodian from the pier sixty sixty ohms
or
alan fun
that was great
i pay for that too
oh man let's get the non-candid camera right away i got to get all of
them
that's beautiful
why is everybody so hostile with alan fun
what do you think that one guy that's his thing
what's him this guy they are just him i've had other people uh... it's him
it's it
well at least he's got his own thing ok at least it's original something
different ok plus the guys dead anyway so he doesn't give a crap
twenty one till noon at five sixty w two m howl tell you one thing man we got a
fat place here the people up here are ballooning up like
crazy how's Katrina doing and we're gonna see her
what
what we got to run her down yes well run her down the santa known to get a
rass on a scale in the might here the parking lot
part of the city lost fifteen pounds because i'm sure she lost more than that
on balance for life and you can do the same
and of course during the holidays everybody i speak to the festival during the
holidays i packed on eight pounds about what i mean enough with that already
it's bad not always a look bad are you fed as a cow but it's unhealthy to
and you get
that that baby's not kinds of bad things no fun
balance for life and up he lose that way because it's based on the zone diet
they deliver right here dole every morning by six a.m. that little black sack
that's the key
so you don't have to buy anything the supermarket no calorie counting no shopping
no carb counting
number that crap
they do all the count for you they prepare fresh delicious goodies
nothing frozen nothing pre-fat no additives
three hormonally balanced gourmet meals to delicious snacks even a sixteen ounce
bottle water
are ready little black sack and like i said deliver right to you every day
even doctor atkins doctor bobby atkins is changing his tune
kind of hard to hear it now from down in that box but if you listen real carefully
you'll see he's saying now that the zone diet makes a lot of sense
so get with the real control to prove a loss in the healthy lifestyle
the balance for life program all the choices you have to make a once a week
you fill out a menu you fax it back to him and that's the food you're going to
get it is delish
so you'll start seeing results on that scale in a matter of days if you get on
his right away
call him today balance for life and make your news red resolution
are we all leave this year once and for all call nine five four five six eight
thirty two twenty nine that's nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine
or check them out of the web at balance for life dot com
no
this is four twenty five six
you way
even though the ex-wife of record producer Phil Spector
it said nothing but me hateful things for the past twenty nine years
the former one has apparently changed her tune
oh child I mean to tell you this is a good man
even though Phil kept me locked up in the basement and fed me nothing but rice
in sour skills if a good man
even though he beat me when it fell in ancient my life
when his truck tailor came with hot hot converse sneakers
that's a good man
I don't believe he killed anybody
at least I weighed on purpose but wait
I'll be appearing at the lake Tahoe Redmoo Finn on New Year's Day in a lobby from
three-till five I'll be singing be my be my baby be my little baby
whoo child I still got the pipes it's a charity show to benefit me
and of course this one's for the children
there's a pretty good chance my friend any money may swing by the LTRI
to take me home tonight oh I scared myself with my marvelous boys
anyway he's these judges against my ex-husband is foe
home calm for where sure he tried to kill me once
but not by his own self he hired a kill man
that's totally different we had a disengagement about me one to eat pixie
sticks instead of sour skittles down in the basement and he flew off the hammer
and hired a kill man I was bruised but not died
in conclusions let me say this fails back off what innocent my am
until not proven innocent by a jerry of 12 people who don't like his two pay
I blame Palmer Cotney's for this incident for putting out the naked album
and taking all the hard work by my ex-fail leaving it off the record down on the floor
that caca that's poo poo and it drove him to the killing that he didn't do
I must go back to my goal
Ronnie Spector's opinion is not necessarily worth like those of any right-thinking person
medication during the interview provided by Bristol-Meyer Squibb
no 14-till-noon at 560 WDQM so I got the new pool fingered out here but I
tell you this is pressure pack today who would have thunk it you know I know people who say that
who would have thunk it I can't stand that but who would have thunk it yeah that's a sports
thing ain't it is it who to thunk it you know who used to say that default I got to admit I heard
a little bit of default yesterday during a break in my hangover I was sitting in the park in
lot at the Pompid Park waiting for February to shut up a momentarily thereafter and there was
Diffo on there and he sounded just like Diffo never stole a freight train well he never stole a
freight train okay the Indians didn't have any freight trains he might have taken them one just
afraid he's all right 510 votes on the what's your take on the Danny Boy pool and then we're
going to change it at noon here's the new pool I'll give it to you right now give you a heads up
heads up what's your take on the Neal and Moe reunion if you missed this story I don't have to
have to repeat the whole thing I'll just later on give a thumbnail sketch of what happened in the
parking lot this morning totally unexpected totally unscripted totally unanticipated especially after
the rather frosty beginning the rather frigid beginning of our meat yeah your meat's supposed to
be frigid before you're hanging around meat locker it was a little on the cold side there were
a few f-bombs thrown around I got to play that that's my favorite bit did you put that in her
hope f-bomb it's not in there oh yeah you didn't bring it oh no I'm going back this this is not
a real this is only like I'm leaving the Aradio show here you tell me what they don't send
the stuff here well why not yeah they do but you have to go stand on your head to get it they
don't send it they don't send it period period maybe they don't like you they won't maybe they
know that Toronto is where it's asked kicks ass oh the weather there's really cold again next
couple of days that's a good news for you that's a good news for Josh so we don't have to sit in
there now what does he do during this time when I'm here this Josh Cordis this when I'm here oh
when he's got the web internet the he's a QM website oh that thing the promotion stuff his other
duties he does some ocean stuff he's like the promotions assistant as he always has been so he's
got a few more hours doing the board here what happened to do we ranged oh let's see filler
crossbricks is I have no I have a well and I have no problem with the polls well that means that
nobody else in your block is got it right I guess it is voting before she does in other words she
goes for springs is she he boy don't he's a little confused to fill his underlaw distress
yeah if somebody like within about a six block radius of you votes on our pool that's why we have
a limited I don't understand why though and I do understand because a well sucks because they don't
have enough bandwidth or whatever they funnel various clients through the same trunk as it
worked trunk I'm sure there's a technical type I said I like to take the a well people and put
them in a big trunk with Luca Bratzi because they suck a well sucks make no mistake of the
well is for your grandma right a well is for like old funny dirty people nobody with any kind of a
brain uses a well I have a couple of friends that use a well but they mean well even children laugh at it
right that's right little kids little five year old kids with their first PC in between looking
at them porn or sites they say oh you're out a well they giggle they get a lot that's because
they're looking at the porn or sites what's your take on the needle and moe reunion I got six
choices okay well I'm shocked but pleased I'm shocked but this made I don't give a Schmidt oh I don't
I don't want to do whatever he garrick knows I wrote that for my own benefit we don't need the M in
Schmidt it's great for QIM great region it on this long ago or who's Mo what I think I cover all
the bases I like to cover all the bases from eight to Z is they say that in Canada yes yeah they
say that I got to tell you a very funny story about that about that I'm on a phone with what the
airline was it maybe was here Canada I'm doing one of those frequent flyer deals you know and they
wanted the number and the last letter it was like something something a Z oh you said Z and I
then they fast made the confirmation of it and it's like they put a beer or something the
anything but Z right something a rhyme would Z and when I call back to correct it because I want to
make sure they I got credit for the frequent flyer miles they said oh you mean it's six a Z I
say oh yeah that's yeah Z that's what they say oh no man it connects where like the
British thumb for so long under the thumb so they say Z that's cute then I'm on the line with
northwest or something KLM and Northwest of course is in the US and I said Z and they by
ah what what you just said I said Z and they were seeing red they weren't too happy about it anyway
that's going to be the pull at noon now that we got well over five hundred votes on this I think
we got the definitive answer on this Danny pull this town is smoking about it 500 and how many
but third man 530 votes George in an hour and a half staggering it is amazing that's more votes
than George gets on his pulls in a month 530 votes what's your take on the Dan Merino
hiring for me and I thought that's a hanging he's hung it's a PR stunt to pass if I doll fans 168 31.6
percent Wayne's gonna come to your house and beat you up if you don't change your mind when you
change your mind oh Danny's a winner I like it 27.4 I see I don't even know what that means I heard
people calling in Santa Danny's a winner well he's not playing though see and what he was he was
a winner okay not a super bowl winner but oh a winner well he don't have that ring and that's
what Wayne says now that we what a trite line that was well I'd like to see him maybe get a
super bowl ring this way like through the back door yeah maybe he could order one I think when
he sent through the back door I meant I couldn't give a Schmidt less I changed it again 1.16 couldn't
give a Schmidt less it won't change the thing 84 15 percent say it won't change the thing and it won't
get you to the ring and I spell super bowl 23 so let's see positive 31.5 percent and a
negative rate I don't give a crap that the rest out of 545 votes wow heavy heavy heavy duty you
could smell it now you know line one's gonna that's gonna be a doubt on because that thing just cuts
off let's try WQ I am hey Neil told you yeah the Danny the Danny thing yeah only ring the only
finger he's gonna need is his middle finger is when he starts screwing up and the dolphins are
losing the fans are you gonna hate him like everything else yeah they're gonna turn on him like they
do here yeah want to pump an ody other night yeah yeah it's a hard game hard room there
much is the generic gambler mm-hmm there's a deal all right man I'm out this guy didn't sound
nearly enough to old enough to be in that poker room well I was old cockers in there but
nevertheless maybe he's in training 5 6 7 0 5 60 Brad Kramer is God by the way the only
problem is he's in Northville I could cash you ticket on Brad last night on the Somal
cash did I cash any tickets at Pompa no park no I don't I don't know maybe not really
pretty kind of pretty tough pretty tough to catch is it Brucie this race is it Wally is it Kevin
is it Joe is it Kevin or is it Brucie is it Wally Brucie and Wally Danny and Jimmy yeah I don't
know I don't know who's turned it is this I mean WQ I am hello Neil I did it pretty good perfect
I have a well but I don't use it when I go on the internet I use the internet explorer right
I get WQ I am perfect you bet fact it sounds a lot better on the internet than it doesn't
have crackly on AM radio so hey I also want to tell you I was I'm frank I was one who was in the
Air Force based in the Netherlands and when I was there like 12 years ago a Skippel Airport had tons
of security I mean guys with machine guns and stuff not anymore I mean well I've been there
in 12 years I was just wondering what happened to the place it's a beautiful airport
and you could probably have your own machine gun and walk right through there now they wouldn't even
look at you oh really I was in the Air Force and they like escorted me off the plane to my my
designated driver from the base yeah now I mean I'm just when you tell me all this stuff I'm like
wow is a mild surprise pretty big turn around man little disappointing well I'm gonna get on
I'm gonna get on there as last time I go through there I want to tell you I'm having a wonderful
time I'm doing an errand for my manager I'm listening to you I'm cracking up thank you so much
you're you're making my day I'm a breath of pressure thanks a lot Pally I'll still be talking about
putzines what what do you laugh at about this my five six words in a Dutch what a horrible language
I mean you know it's just it's so sad if they would put me in charge of Amsterdam
where would be a great place yeah no I'm serious I get all that scum off the streets that would be
the first thing I would do I get all that rost the trash off the streets okay yeah you've never
seen nothing like it no anywhere you'd say holy crap even a druggy like you would just be offended
by it I've been to a Liberty City no over term no no no no the growth in fact the red light parts
of the red light district in Amsterdam make over town look like Las Vegas wow look like the French
Riviera I'll never been there but I'm just well you've got an idea well you said French right
I said five six seven oh five sixty let's get these Danny Boy comments in their way and
is listening right now he's monitoring your conversations and he's got Chris Moran on
their dissenser on I'll never forget during that Brian Marie stuff going on remember those days oh
yeah and there was Chris Moran on the Brian Marie show eight o'clock in the morning sitting there
screening the calls censoring out the calls from the Panther fans that was one of the lowest points
in the history of QAM pathetic WQAM hello yeah I'd like to talk to the operator speaking hey you know
I was wondering what your cake was on the Danny and Dave Dave and Danny Dave and Danny and
the Navy Dave I already took one this morning yeah I had a big I took one and it was great
well no I had to get it out of my system I think it was part of the part of the cathartic
effect of my encounter with Mo this morning in a parking lot of our reunion I wanted to get all the
bad vibe evil spirits all the evil spirits out of my body in my back though and I think I
succeeded there was somebody sitting very surreptitiously and quietly next to me in the big handicap the
zone yeah you don't shout out no because they were they were motionless in other words when I
usually hear somebody rustling a newspaper like maybe cut in a little teeth that's what it's
really good to take like take the flats of your hand and bang real hard on the wall there on the side
now actually when I got done I did get up and and intentionally hit my elbow against the side
of a gunner response I saw a black shoes in fact I could probably identify who was crappin the next
to me there by the shoes right possibly been anybody friendly I was gonna say friend I was gonna
say friend or foe now in the past I would have just said friend or Mo but no seriously I you see
you don't believe me you don't believe me I give him credit and I said it to him right to his face
because I'm one of those people I'll say right to your face anything unless I thought you're
gonna beat the crap on him and he can't do it but I said oh I said I give you credit for
initiating the conversation and I'd mean that yeah you're a match I wouldn't have done it well
I mean I tried to do it before but that was a Greg Reethan hey Greg you're an idiot man and
everybody voted on that and they agreed my and local your sports radio 560s you a
Don Schueller and I sound like Bob Hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12th of one hour or
whatever it is
oh
ain't
bas
It only bothers me if you tell where it's at.
For angel, angel, angel, that's angel, angel.
Girls used to hand a little big fat guys.
She know how to make the bulb in dry.
That's angel, she's the shower in the house.
Who would leave the skin on the towel?
Angel, angel, angel, that's angel, angel.
12.030 at 5.60 WQM, here's the final total on our first poll this morning.
And you can continue talking about it. We'd like to hear your take.
Hey, we've had great calls today. I mean, none of them really were talking about the real thing, but that's okay.
582 votes, what's your take on the Dan Merino hiring by the Dolphins organization?
It's a PR stunt to pacify Dolphins 184, 31.6%.
And of course, anybody knows, including Wayne, that there were many, especially season ticket orders,
becoming really disenchanted after back to back side by each year's a missing the playoffs,
and after knowing that they've won, that is totally incompetent.
You must have naked pictures of Wayne with a billy goat.
Danny's a winner, I like it. 161. Are you trying to say it's cold in here?
No, in here.
Oh, it's a little chilly in here too, and I didn't, I didn't the dick with that.
It happened, really.
Well, the thermostat either.
Danny's a winner, I like it 161.
I couldn't give a shmit less, 121, almost 21% of this crowd said, who cares?
It won't change a thing, 93, 16%, and I spelled Super Bowl 23.
Wasn't that Troy Stratford's number?
You asking me?
I'm the Dolphins 23, I believe so.
Hey Troy, time to suit it up again, baby.
I think Danny will sign them up.
Sign them up and suit them up.
Huh?
You know they have the seniors golf league, don't they?
I mean, he kind of like counterbalances the Ricky Williams here do with his adieu, huh?
Right.
So it's time to do, do, do, do, baby.
582 votes on the pool.
Pretty, 582 votes at an hour and a half.
Incredible.
That should be the headline in the herald tomorrow.
And by the way, speaking of the headline in newspapers, what do you think's on the front page of the herald today?
I don't know.
Danny and...
Look at that.
I'm back home again.
There's Danny.
Look at the front of the sports section.
There's Danny and there's the Rick Squartino and there's Wayne.
And what do you think's on the front of the Sun Sentinel?
I don't know Danny.
He's back!
And an A-Johnny either.
Look at that.
There's Danny with his arms folded in a very serious look.
See, he's not messing around.
He's got the serious look on his post.
I don't think that print is large enough there on the headline.
Oh, it's like...
You would have thought W-W-3 just broke out.
You would have thought that we're all going to get $10 million in cash as a gift from Wayne or something like that.
But no!
Big headline just to make sure I know I'm back in South Florida.
Okay, the new pool is up.
What's your take on the Neal and Mo reunion that occurred this morning in the parking lot?
15 votes.
Who's Mo 5?
I don't give a shmit for.
I'm shocked, but this made three.
Greg Reed should have done this a long time ago too.
I'm shocked, but please want.
It's great for QA Mnunet.
Just the preliminaries.
Now, guess who ought to hook up and have a long chat with our close friends, Groan?
Howardine.
You want to know why?
Okay, why?
Because he says he's tired of being the pincushion.
Well, if anybody we know is a human pincushion, it's that bitch in sales.
You know what they call her?
Human pincushion?
Oh, that's one of the things.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Howardine from under in the pack of nine Democratic presidential candidates has
lashed out at his opponents, reminding Iowa voters head of next Monday's, can you believe it's next Monday already?
Good.
The Iowa, let's get it over with already, that he opposed the war in Iraq a year ago and labeled himself the only candidate
who wanted to stand up to President Bush.
Remember who stood up to George Bush first, he said.
It wasn't anybody from the city of Washington, DC.
He said referring to federal candidates John Edwards, John Kerry and Dick Gibhard.
At a stop, Monday in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, Dean Press is attacking.
He was going on the offensive against his Democratic rivals.
He said I'm tired of being the pincushion here.
He started getting stuck, although, see, this is what I was talking about yesterday because to show you how bad his advisors are.
Regarding pointed comments during a debate the night before about a Reverend Al Sharpton who criticized Dean for not having had an American, African American or Latino in his cabinet as Vermont governor, Dean said he wasn't prepared for it.
That's not good.
No, but maybe it's honest.
But I may be honest, but a week it says shows week organization, week preparation.
If he's going to be the candidate and debating against Bush, you can't say, well, I just wasn't ready for that question.
In a black and brown debate that was almost entirely, not entirely, but mostly a dedicated to questions concerning minorities, immigration, all of these things, how could you not be prepared for that?
How could you not know that somebody, especially when a candidate is allowed to ask each other questions that are mostly pointing at him because he's the front runner and are going after his ass, how could you not be prepared for that?
You would have to have like a bunch of morons advising you, which is why I think he's slipping a little bit.
Thank you, right?
That advice.
Anyway, he says he's rejuvenated, ready to fight, saying that when people attack him, that rejuvenates me in a big hurry, he said, I sure hope so for your sake, Howard.
Rejuvenated.
Now, Paul O'Neill, Shesh.
Is that that traitor, liar?
What's the guy?
The former Treasury Secretary, Paul O'Neill, under fire for criticizing President Bush's leadership denied today, he has taken secret documents from the Treasury.
On Monday, only hours after when he acquitized the President on CBS Television, the Treasury Department said its Inspector General was investigating how a document marked secret was shown during the interview.
Speaking on the Today Show on NBC, the Ex-Treserie Secretary said today that the documents were given to him by the Treasury's Teflate Law Officer after he requested them to help former Wall Street Journal reporter Ron Suskind write a book on Renewal's Time at a Cabinet, which is out today, by the way, what's the name of that book?
Why can't I remember the name of that book?
I don't know.
I'll find it.
And all these articles, they just talk about that book.
Anyway, Ron Suskind, I can't imagine he's got too many new books coming out.
I said to him the General Counsel, I'd like to have the documents that are okay for me to have.
About three weeks later, the General Counsel, Chief Legal Officer, sent me a couple of CDs, which I frankly never opened.
He resumupababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababab
The best part of it is the media doesn't care and the public doesn't care because they got figure face to fry.
I'm going to go on when I press on.
Do I have to fix it?
Thanks, sir. The price of loyalty is the book I run, Suscott. It's out today. I go out and get out grab it. I'm going to go out and get me one.
And a book too.
5670560, pound 560 on EAT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM.
Yeah, can I speak to you?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
I just wanted to follow up with you. There was something that you brought up last week and I was just, I wanted to make sure that you were able to take care of it.
Fred Berry, he played rerun.
Right, we got that.
Oh, you did.
About 400 times, but that's okay.
Thank you.
Fred Berry played rerun.
Really?
That's a good show.
I'm at an office show.
What's happening?
What's happening?
And don't get that show confused with the other show.
Where's that?
With that one, not exactly the same.
The post.
It was a relative but not the same.
53 quick votes here on this poll on our second poll.
Let's hop on this.
Okay, we'll get to the Jimmy and Danny and Dave and douchebag stuff.
Let's bring back Jimmy Johnson, choice-draftford.
David, what are you feeling?
I'm feeling good.
Who else?
Mercury Morris, my favorite.
Mercury Morris, he can bring us the good stuff.
Huh?
He can get that team...
He can handle the chalk lines before the game.
Let's bring back Larry Zonka.
Jim Kick.
Paul Warfield.
Paul Warfield's one of the people who interviewed for the GM job.
They probably all wanted some serious money and then Wayne says, well, we decided that we had the best guy inside.
It's just like with the Panther organization lying to you about, oh, well, we're interviewing Larry Robinson.
And they never had any intention to go out and get into real coach.
Because it would have cost them money.
So Rick who put the dud in Dudley, he'll be the coach till the end of the season.
You can bet Denise Pop van's life on it.
That Rick who put the dud in Dudley will be the coach till the end of the season.
Come hell or high water.
And then I mentioned yesterday I think I did.
I got about 7,000 free tickets for the Montreal game for work.
Yes, we did.
Oh, by the way, where's our friend?
The other one.
What does that mean?
That means I better call.
Yeah.
I mean, it's not like a great emergency hurry, but he better show his ass real soon.
Or, oh, oh, oh, I'm going to tell everybody who his daddy is.
Off the air course.
Once you take on the Neil and Mo Reunion, and it was a major event here in the EQ and Parking lot this morning.
I noticed Greg wasn't around to see it.
Everybody else in the building saw it.
Even the power 96 people were talking about it.
Are you ready for that?
No, I know.
Are you ready for that?
Sure.
That is shocking.
There's no Memphis.
Kid Curry probably went back to where he's got a big mouth.
Almost as big as Anna squeeze ass.
In fact, the two of them had it well.
61 votes.
I don't give a Schmidt 20.
I'm shocked and dismayed.
Shocked but dismayed 16.
They're dismayed.
Who's Mo 11?
Greg Reed should have done this a long time ago.
07, that was my vote.
This could have been taken care of a lot.
And I volunteered to do it.
Mo agreed to do it.
But no, not Greg.
He's got too many.
He's too important for that stuff.
He can't change his schedule.
He can't accommodate this.
You don't have a choice, mister.
I mean, are you running insane the solemn or goddamn radio station, Greg?
Anyway, 22 don't give a Schmidt.
Shocked but dismayed 18.
Who's Mo 13?
Greg Reed 9.
Shocked and pleased 8.
And it's great for QAM2, say 72.
Thursday.
Huh? Thursday.
Thursday what?
That other thing.
Ah!
He's probably taking care of one of our friends.
Nursing him back to health.
1213 at 560 WQM if you're in a really dead end job, man.
If you're underpaid, if you're not making the squad.
New Year's resolutions don't just happen automatically by remote control.
You've got to put your plans into action.
So call our friends at Fast Train today.
Tool free at 1-866.
Fast Train.
Manchin Todd Dreck.
Probably hear a dial tone real quick right after you say that.
Classes are underway right now.
So if you're committed and dedicated, Fast Train can help in becoming a certified computer professional in just four count them four short months.
That's right.
Get you a new high paying computer career in just four short months.
The demand for a certified computer professional right now is at an all time high.
And to make it real easy for you.
Fact Train offers you convenient day, evening weekend classes.
Job placement assistance financially for people to qualify too.
And because they have locations all over town.
There is bound to be a fast train location close in your bayou.
So check them out on the web first at fast train.com and then make that call.
Don't miss the train of opportunity this year.
Get yourself a real career with four months of great training and start with a big fat paycheck damn soon.
Call 1-866 fast train.
My life and love.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You way.
You way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jim and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy , and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
We'll wrap it more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley Alonso
Potman, wherever he comes with his own frigid air.
So Cindy requested that again, even though we played at the beginning of the show, why
did I not play it again and again and again?
Right.
I could never play it too often because for weeks and weeks to come, how many weeks?
I'm going to hear on QAM the other 20 hours today is Jimmy and Danny and Dave and
Wayne and Rick Squartino and this one and that one, etc.
That's all you're going to be hearing.
So tune in, it's going to be really ponderous.
And look at our phone.
See, it just came to an end because we're not doing a sports nerd show.
Well, we could.
What?
No, we're not.
We don't want to do no sports nerd show.
But we'll listen.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
109 votes already on this pool.
What are they?
They're energized today, man.
What did I tell you?
It's lucky 13 today, Tuesday the 13th.
Danny Marino's 13.
Right?
Right?
Michael Jackson says 13 is a little too old.
That's the big number today.
What's your take on the Neal and Moe reunion?
I don't give a Schmidt 32.
All right.
I'm shocked, but this May 26th.
How come I'm not surprised by that?
See, they like to hate.
Sure.
I told them that.
I said, well, he, thank you, he was telling me about letters, death threats and stuff.
I said, welcome to Miami Howard.
Yeah.
Welcome to Miami World.
Welcome to the city of Hey there.
We're telling them about the Meriel Bolifes, AWS News, and the big legal yellow pads filled with death threats.
Welcome to South Florida, man.
We're everybody hates each other.
Yeah.
So they're not too happy about it.
Who's Moe 24?
Oh, I'm shocked, but please 12.
Greg Reach had done this a long time ago, 11.
I bet you that.
I bet you're clear and, uh, and muff voted both for that.
Well, probably not because they can probably pop her mootwood, trace their vote on her computer.
On your auntie, he's got his warm and all the computers in this building.
He stuck his warm in it.
And it's great for QA.
I'm only four people said that.
Well, maybe I should have put another way.
It's bad for QA.
Now, let's put another one on Eric.
Can we do that?
Don't you think that's a good idea?
Sure.
It's bad for QA.
Right.
They love the hate because it's a great controversy.
I mean, we'll still have a plenty of new Moe bits starting today.
Absolutely.
Starting today.
Well, that's where I went.
Little Boaker Brian shows up.
He can turn around and go home.
And, well, no, I mean, I don't have nothing for him today.
You going to just check back with him?
So he, uh, he can either come in, but I'll be here next Tuesday.
Right.
You think I'm going to turn around and run back in that cold weather?
It's going to be nasty.
As soon as I see like minus a whole bunch in front of the weather, I'm not anxious for that no more.
No, I hate that.
It's first night of the last Friday.
And when we were talking minus Celsius, I mean, we're, uh, you know, a minus 20, Martian cold.
Not good.
Colder than on Mars.
Yeah.
Although they do have a lot of good Mars bars in Toronto.
I'll tell you one thing in Canada, man.
You can say whatever you want.
They got great ice cream and candy.
Ice cream and candy.
I am.
They do.
Well, that back bacon and Canadian ham and baby back ribs.
Hey, have you got your Ron Papil, uh, Potsky Mississory?
No, it's history.
What the pocket figure?
They got the new one now.
Now, forget about that.
They got the new Ron Papil, the bigger one for all the people.
And the new info, Marshall, is about, guess what?
People on the Atkins.
Oh, ooh.
And they're sure they're making the sausages and those baby back ribs and the, and the roasts and the more shots and all that other stuff.
Atkins.
Isn't it amazing though?
And you're right about the marketing.
Once he croaked, man, those are the people that took over the Atkins.
I've already called it, it said that.
They are.
Well, he was right.
They are everywhere.
They're just all over the place.
Subway.
Sure.
Passionate.
Yeah.
I wouldn't even be surprised if mom has an Atkins lunch for me today.
She better have.
She better have her.
I'm going to throw out her bag.
WQA.
WQA.
Hello.
Howard and Neil.
How are Howard and Neil and Neil and Neil and Neil and...
Excellent.
I like it.
You like it?
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA.
Hello.
Come back.
WQA.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
Yeah.
You know, when I went to Subway today to have a damn Atkins wrap,
you were talking about so much.
We're at Atkins wrap now.
Yeah, but I read the fine print and it's not...
It doesn't work if you use it on the induction dies.
So I just started a week ago and they screwed me up.
How do you like that?
Yeah, it's got too many carbs.
Yeah, sons of bitches.
Yeah, bastards.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay, don't do it again.
No food in here, baby.
I had my inter-ex-dive bed of drink this morning.
Right.
How did Bag of Pork Rines?
And you had a Bag of Pork Rines.
No, no carbs.
You can have the pork rines on the Atkins, but they just tear your mouth up.
And the number two they have no taste.
They're delicious, but no taste.
These taste like the plastic bag that they came in.
Right, exactly.
In fact, when you're finished with those, if you're still hungry,
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I want to talk on with Neil about a...
He's saying rich corn, Tino.
Yeah.
And I don't know if you know...
Tino, the rich corn, Tino is?
Yes, stocky.
Yeah, I grew up with him.
That's why when he...
I didn't just say it twice.
He was his brother, Jenny.
He was just really weird.
He really took me down memory away.
Remember the great year that Jerry had a collar?
Great year or two, and then he had a little bit of a problem.
But he was good.
Yeah, he was good.
Actually, he was Ricky.
That was the... the...
The jockey.
Probably the same as the...
That's a Rick, Rick, Rick.
Rick.
Yeah, I was just...
I was listening to it kind of going and raised down here.
So I remember when he used to do a live broadcast from teachers.
Right.
So...
Well, see, that's why I'm standing because most of these people...
It's like a little joke among us because most of these people don't know who Rick's 14 are with, so...
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Never write that down.
See ya.
Yeah, I met Rick's 14.
Bill Carter, who of course was a great Thirbera racing fan.
Bill went ice to work eight to mid-end at INZ and he used to do overnight.
He had the Rick...
He's a guest on the show tonight, so I got a chance to meet him.
I think it was after he met me that he developed a little bit of a problem.
Well, actually what it is is a lot of those guys, they start making a lot of money.
Yeah, I know.
All kinds of athletes.
They start making a lot of money.
And some people go to their head and some people just go to...
The front of their head.
A lot of money to blow.
Oh.
24 past noon at 560 WQM.
What's your take on the Neal and Mo Reunion, which happened this morning in the QM Park in Lod?
Most unexpectedly, unanticipatedly.
Started out with little F-bomb here and F-bomb there.
I can't believe you don't have that.
This place blows.
143 votes in 24 minutes.
What's going on today?
Huh?
You almost get the feeling we might have somebody listen if you were listening out there.
About 30 minutes.
Maybe.
Friday that book is coming out, man.
It's going to be really ugly.
It's going to be so bad.
And you know something you didn't have to be that way either.
If Greg weren't such a...
Such an emotional cripple.
I think that's the kindest way I can describe our general manager.
He's an emotional cripple.
He cannot deal with things head on.
He can't look you in the face.
Have a man-to-man earth-to-earth conversation.
He can have a man-to-woman conversation.
That's an other story.
149 votes.
What's your take on the Neal and Mo Reunion?
I don't give a Schmidt 48.
Well, to you, how do you like that?
I care.
Makes everybody's life a little bit...
A lot more pleasant.
In fact, I think it's going to make a lot of...
Not just me and Mo.
It's going to make a...
It's the beginning, you see what I'm saying?
Right.
It's a brave new world.
Right. That's correct.
It's just like when they took that wall down in Berlin.
Other Berlin wall.
I'm not talking about the Israelis.
They keep building it up.
I'm talking about in Berlin.
Right.
When they took down the Great Wall of China.
Same thing.
I don't give a Schmidt 48.
I'm shocked, but this made 38.
Who's Mo 28?
I'm shocked, but please 15.
Well, thank God for that.
Greg Reach had done this a long time ago.
14.
That's the correct answer.
It's great for QM5.
It's bad for QAM1.
You know who voted for that?
I give up.
Beast.
That's out of the first 149 votes.
See, the beast is an asshole, man.
I told Mo right...
Right during that conversation I said,
you know you're right about that.
And you're defending him.
Is he one of your customers?
Yeah, right.
No, no, seriously.
Why do you defend him?
Because I'm a nice guy.
I feel sorry for him.
Oh, now you're getting like him.
It's like the thing with Dave Ann Boring.
Too many wimpy...
Wishy washy people here.
It's no good.
Look at him.
It's not entertaining.
Look at him.
You look at him.
I'm ready for lunch, a little lady.
Look what he all districed against him.
You know what the word is for him?
Pathetic.
Exactly.
What did I say to you before?
He elicit sympathy.
Like a limping dog.
You look at him and you think like,
oh, he can't to blow him out of here.
Because he's so fat and so useless and so gross and solving.
Yeah, what do you mean?
Balled.
Ball dead.
Ball dead.
Ball dead.
Farenc had the only place you could find a hair in his body.
So he's deep inside of the rectum.
Hair looks like he's been examining with a flashlight.
Freak hole in theoscopy.
So yeah, he's got all that money.
Nobody still can't get laid.
Right.
Well, if you look like that,
when you expect to get laid,
he couldn't even get laid with a freaking blow-up dog.
That's right.
A damn reenoplooptal?
The thing would deflate automatic.
Deflate just all the air.
We'd come right out of it.
That's pretty deflating.
Well, there you go.
If you were a blow-up dog,
would you let him hop on your bones?
No chance.
Think about it.
Fly out the window.
No, he's just, he need,
and I'll tell you right there,
his boyfriend and there's the one who needs to straighten his ass out.
I'm serious.
He's the only one who can straighten it out.
That's right.
I know.
What a thought, huh?
What a thought.
Well, when he was looking
with that flashlight,
I guess he found something there.
Not much, like a little nub.
Anyway, it's a man-channel.
1227 at 560.
I don't think so.
Hey, speaking of ball-spot,
wow.
That's getting a little more than
hearing it away with the ball-spot.
If you got no hair,
here's the answer for it.
Remember, if you got like that big,
even Tom Brady,
I mentioned this a lot because Tom Brady looks pretty damn good.
Anybody would agree with that.
But, he's developing that male-patterned ball.
This even good-looking guy start getting that hair loss.
And he say, oh gee,
I'm looking like 10-15 years older.
I'm not as desirable and hot as I used to be,
even if they were only really lukewarm.
The answer is,
Chuck Alphiery's natural hair line system.
You can waste thousands of dollars on the most expensive implants
and transplants and holes in the head.
And then, of course, you can pop those dangerous pills,
which might not go any hair back,
but they might kill you.
Or you can get Charlie's natural hair line system
like the smart people are doing.
You can either look like Dennis Kusinitz,
or I mentioned,
that's Dennis' problem.
If we could have come up with Charles Alphiery
before too long,
we could get him elected.
See what I'm saying?
Yep.
Even we got Bob Eisenberg looking almost to him
and before he wised up and got out of here.
Call today,
mention the Arrogant,
which means an extra 200 bucks off the already low price.
And you get Charles Alphiery's natural hair line system
with no obligation.
You have nothing to lose with the shiny bald spot,
because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day.
How many days?
30-man!
Here in tea.
After a month,
if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting the head 15, 20, 40 times a day,
you can bring it back and just say,
hey, here's your hair back,
give me my money.
No problem.
I don't think you'll want to, though,
because you'll look better and younger than you ever dreamed again.
Call today for a free no obligation consultation,
call to Charles Alphiery Studios,
toll free at 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413,
or log onto their Flaming website at CharlesAlphiery.com.
My, my, and look all,
this is 4305-6-E-Way-N-Way-A.
I urge everyone to complain
to this station.
Now, from random thoughts publishing,
it's Ozzy Osborn's new children's book on tape,
Motherf**king Goose.
Kids will love all their favorites done as only Ozzy can deliver,
like the classic Jack Sprat.
Jack, Jack Sprat could eat no f**king fat.
His wife could eat no leg.
And so be Twix and Bowie's seat.
They f**king lick the flat of clean.
And the timeless favorite,
three men in a tub.
A rubber-dub-dub,
three men in a tub.
And who do you think they be?
The butcher, the baker,
the candlestick maker.
She's s**t the f**k of these three men doing in a f**king tub together.
I'm surprised one of them
wasn't a f**king f**k back of man.
Over 100 nursery rhymes
interpreted and read
by the rinse of f**king darkness.
Ozzy Osborn.
There was an old woman who lived in a shoe.
What the f**k is she doing living in a shoe?
This makes no sense at all.
S***! S***!
Motherf**king Goose.
The new children's book on tape,
only from random thoughts published.
Or from Ronco.
I think you get a free copy
with your pocket fisherman.
And your artwork's history grill.
1233-560-W.
I'm pretty cool.
I'm a man dog at two.
They hunt for it for
our winderman with handcred 4-5.
Orlando, Elzekquiri, the big old.
At seven.
He'll have plenty to say,
most of which won't make any sense about the Danny Boy.
Any key at 10 and Joe and Mark overnight.
Don't forget,
join Joe Costello 739-39 at the Sandbar Grill in the Grove.
739-30.
Stop by to win t-shirts and tickets to watch the Panther Flyer Game 3 tonight
from the Bud Party Zone at the Amacarina.
You going?
Where?
To the Amacarina.
What are they giving away?
Nothing.
Bushman's offense with Canada.
Well, thank God for that.
I guess it's the coast is clear to go back.
President Bush seeking
to mend a relations with America's Northern neighbors said today
that Canada will be eligible for a second round of US finance
reconstruction contracts in Iraq, eh?
In a breakfast meeting with New Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin,
Mr. Bush said he told Martin of the shift in policy.
Martin looked at him and said,
boy, this guy really is an asshole.
Martin understands the stakes in rebuilding free and peaceful Iraq, Mr. Bush said.
He offered no details of what the contracts would be worth.
In other words, all the good ones have already been taken.
He didn't come how many loonies or tunies.
They're getting sloppy seconds.
Martin is eager to patch up the cross-border relationship after his predecessor,
Jean Cretchan, abstained from the Iraq war,
angering Mr. Bush, who, like a petal and child,
of course, stopped eating at Canadian meat.
Right.
Canada and America have got special status by virtue of the fact
a significant interchange in an hourly basis between our two countries, Mr. Bush said.
It specially cares because we share a long border.
In other words, what he's trying to say is he can almost find Canada on the map.
Oh, yeah, he knows it's up there somewhere, isn't it?
Or somewhere by Alaska in the North Pole.
That's Canada.
Nice going, W.
Let's see.
What's his all-writers-actors-spalding-grey-missing.
You know who that is?
Yeah.
You do?
Sure.
He's missing.
Missing what?
Is he too teeth?
Is he related to Alan Spalding?
I don't know.
From Guiding Light?
Maybe he's kind of Rebecca on passions, that bitch.
Police say right of an actor Spalding raised Ben-Ripport-a-Man.
Boy, poor, poor Sheridan, man.
First, she was down in that pit for weeks and weeks and months.
Nobody ever told us that she's Schmidt in the pit.
Other, even that or she's got tremendous self-control.
She was in a pit.
Yeah, you got to Schmidt.
And now she's in the rubber room.
Maybe that's why we haven't seen Greg.
Maybe he's in there with the Sheridan.
Try to nurse her back to health.
Police say right of an actor Spalding raised Ben-Ripport-a-Man.
Sergeant Michael Weiss-Sakowski, a spokesman for the NYPD, says,
and investigations begun.
Police are searching for Gray.
No further details have been made public.
The search is ongoing in both the York City,
whereas in a prominent on Long Island,
where Gray 62 is live with his family for the past few years in North Haven, New York.
I have no idea where that is.
Oh, in Long Island.
The New York Times' authorities were notified about Gray's disappearance on Sunday.
He's got a history of depression.
Linked to injuries from a serious car accident in 2001.
And according to the newspaper, he attempted suicide in 2002.
Doesn't sound too good. Who is he?
Oh, he's best known for his often woody onstage monologues talking about the peculiarities of life,
seen through the prism of his own and sometimes dark humorizing Gray's anatomy,
a 1994 memoir based on his search for a cure for a rare eye disease, which he has.
Gray is co-founder of the Worcester Group Experimental Theatre Group in New York,
wrote and acted in the 1987 autobiographical film Swimming to Cambodia,
as the character actor has dozens of other screen and TV roles including Kate and Leopold,
the paper, beaches, and the killing fields.
I remember that.
His brother, Rockwell,
great professor of English at Washington University in San Luisady last saw a spawning around Christmas.
I wouldn't say he was in a happy state, he said,
but it wasn't unusual.
He's been in a fairly depressed condition for some time.
Maybe he's with Greg.
Maybe that's why we haven't seen him in a while.
There's Boca Bryan. He's not depressed anymore than usual.
Or maybe he saw Boca Bryan and decided to commit suicide.
All these depressed people.
Aren't you tired of it all right then?
Yeah.
Let's get this dandelion going again here.
What's wrong with you people, man? This isn't one of those sports shows.
The phones were smoking earlier.
They were on fire in that first pool. They were just ballistic.
Now, eh.
Old news.
560560,
pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. QAM.
Hi, Neil.
Danny and Jimmy line, yes.
Female listener from Darrell.
All right.
You got on your pole about being dismayed about you and Mo making up.
Yeah.
I mean, dismayed. I'm fired up and pissed and upset about it.
Oh, right.
How are we going to find out what color PC is wearing?
What does this get me fired up when I hear someone say that?
Right.
I'll still tell you.
What about his bag?
I had a hold of it for him for a while this morning.
Oh, okay. That's more like a real one.
I drew the line and emptying it out, but I didn't have to hold it for a little while.
He was sitting on that bench.
I wanted to slip off.
What about his checkered pants?
He had them on.
Okay. That's it.
I also had a Dan Reenor number 13 jersey on.
All right.
And he had a growth of beard on his pose.
And I must say, a lovely piece.
They had the best looking piece he's ever had on them.
Maybe that's why we bonded so well.
That's it. That's what attracted you.
Right. Maybe he had his true piece.
Okay.
Last time I saw him, he had his pure piece, but then he had the true piece.
So it's over. You guys are in the Lovy W now.
Yeah. What kind of...
Oh, man. That's the worst news of 2004.
Okay.
Love you, Neil.
See ya.
Bye.
Sorry. Sorry to disappoint.
What? What are you looking at?
Schmuck.
195 votes.
What's your take on the Neil and Mo reunion?
I don't give a Schmuck 63.
Well, thank goodness.
Shocked, but dismayed like her.
45. Not happy.
Who's Mo 37?
Greg reached it on this a long time ago.
20.
Long ago. Like November.
A year ago and November.
A year...well, more than a year ago.
We could have avoid all this murder and bloodshed.
All this hostility, all this stress.
I'm shocked, but please. 17.
It's bad for QA M9.
It's great for QA M. only five.
See, they don't understand.
Maybe on the year.
They don't understand the question.
I'm not going to like rephrase it.
I'm not going to draw your diaphragm.
We're talking like internally.
As far as on the years, as far as the ratings, too bad.
If you're listening to this radio station because Mo and I have hated each other and ripped each other
and asked for the last year and a half, then you ought to find something else.
You don't like 850?
What is it?
Live, 85.
Live, 85.
All right. They're alive.
85.
Big deal.
They suck.
Or how about the...
I thought ESPN radio was going on 790.
Or somewhere.
Not 790, at least not yet.
Because they got a bunch of religious.
They got paid programming on there.
They've heard some getch-gion there.
Let's not come back from the track.
By the way, lost my acid-pomptopark last night.
We had an okay time.
It was all right.
With nothing great.
Who can I bitch out?
Who like...
Hey, Bruce Ranger, man.
Let's get with it, okay?
Used to be juicy.
Brucey now is like Lucy Brucey.
Not good.
Not too good last night, Bruce.
Who else?
Who else stuck the joint out?
Hey, Wally.
Get a life, Wally.
You want to race?
That's enough.
Kevin.
Kevin Wallace, when you don't want him to win, there he is air-over and over.
Hey, Kevin.
Cut the crap.
Aren't you excited about what's happening in Pompato Park?
Brian Sears.
Brian Sears was down during the holidays.
Kick ass again.
Back up to the metal ends.
You better come back, Brian.
We need you badly.
We need you desperately.
That's what I'm hearing.
That's what Fat Rich said.
He's looking pretty good, Fat Rich.
I know a lot of people out there.
He lost a little more weight.
He looks a little healthier.
Got a little color back in his face.
Good.
Derek was sick again.
Choking and puking sitting with him at the end of the table.
During the break, I'll tell you what he said about Gulf Street.
My big local, this is five-sixth.
There are years on your side.
You win.
Wow.
Dave and Danny.
Danny and Dave.
Dave and Danny.
Dave and Danny, Danny and Danny and Dave.
Dave and Danny and Dave and Danny.
Dave and Danny and Dave.
Far from Boca.
What are you doing in here?
Whatever I want, the old son of a bitch.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, listen.
You just keep it mind-want thing.
What wrinkle man?
I am fighting.
Uh, they stench a cow manure.
It's hovering over this room.
What do you got to add to my buffet?
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up down.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Up there.
Uhhh...
I'm gonna be right back.
Alright, alright is right. Wow, I'm exhausted. Give me a towel.
14 to 1 at 560 W. Come to Mad Dog, I'm gonna be along it too. And of course we know he's got his head way up Danny's butt.
Not as far as your rose, but it's in there. And then we got the Humphorid 4 and then a bunch of other stuff.
5, 6, 7, let's get those Danny calls on here. Let's get a whole bunch in before 2 o'clock. What are you saying? Huh?
W to QAM.
Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, I just wanted to touch base with you on this, uh,
you know, marina being hired. Yes. I just see it as really a PR move. And, um, the dolphin fans that say they can smell the Super Bowl.
That's only because next year I think Miami hosts the Super Bowl.
I think so. I'm pretty sure of it. But now I wanted to ask you something. I'm really outraged that, you know, now the Democrats have some real ammunition that, that, uh,
on a point that the person by Bush Paul and Neil was speaking out against them. Last year you had Christy Todd Whitman leaving her cabinet position.
Right. His, uh, speaker, what's his name? I forget the guy's name. Is his former speaker.
Are you flying? Sure. Yeah, I reply. So he leaves. I mean, next year, well, sometime this year wouldn't surprise me if Colin Powell jumpship.
I mean, they've got so much ammunition and nobody speaking out other than, you know, Cousinage. Right.
And occasionally Howard Dean will speak up, but that's it. The rest of them are just, you know, really they're like, you know, my cattle being left the slaughter.
They're just following this guy. They keep, you know, I'm hoping that next Monday Howard Dean loses an Iowa because then maybe he'll wake up and they'll say, you know, you guys, you advisors, you're really selling me out.
You're going to be bad advice. I'm going to go back and be in the Howard Dean that I wasn't in the beginning. I'm going to really kick some ass.
And I'm not going to be like so cautious and, you know, and afraid to step on eggshells. He's got to cut that crap out. That's how I got him there.
You know, he we spoke from the heart and from his mind, but that's when he was doing his best. And now I can say he's just following whatever polls,
perhaps or who knows, but it's just not he's not coming across the way he should. Yeah. Look at that. They got Richard Pearl on around CNN again.
They were more all the propaganda all the time. I think today he's going to advocate that we invade Lichtenstein next week.
I think we're going to be in there.
The other day I was watching Canadian Baton. I don't know if you've ever seen the movie, but this is what the administration's about.
They just have to come up with a new enemy every week. And, you know, let's just concentrate on making them the bad people.
And the rest of the lot of people is coming.
Let's concentrate on the important things, man, like Danny and Dave.
Yeah, there you go. See you. Have a good day.
You too.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Speak now or hang onto it and squeeze it forever, man.
Let's hear it. Let's hear your take. That's what this radio station is here for. We want your take.
WQIM.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
See, Neil, Carla and Hollywood.
All right.
I got to end fear polls. I have to say you I really don't give a shit about Danny and Dave.
And I have to confess I was going to say don't give a shit about you and Mo, but I don't know who Mo is.
Good. Excellent.
But you're way ahead of the game.
I'm way ahead of the game. And I had one suggestion for you because I'm always interested in the polls that you do when you
when you fall people and say it the election were tomorrow, who would you vote for?
Yeah.
And I thought maybe the next time you do that sometime later this year, I was at a Democrat's feet to further up, that you do a blind poll and you ask people who they would vote for if the election were tomorrow.
Did you wonder or wait, Charles?
Well, yeah. That and that's the Mr. actually registered voters.
But they'll lie.
You think so?
Oh, yeah. I know so.
That's the big thing.
Some of the people that vote on our poll like five years old, you know, or mentality anyway.
Well, I have a feeling they have a lot of Democrat listeners, but I'm just wondering if they're all registered to vote.
Well, I see what you're saying.
Oh, yeah. No, that's a good point. I see the poll you're talking about.
Okay. We'll do it.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Of course, like I said, many a time it's one thing to encourage people to register and then you think, well, there's some people out there, especially when you hear some of the people we have calling and say, uh, stay home is right.
So the next day we can do a poll where we'll only ask women.
Although this year, I don't think we're going to be so choosy.
In other words, if you vote the way we like, we'll, you know, to make up for last time.
Oh, no, horse owner, William T. Young, guys, at 85. I have no idea who that is.
Do you know who that is?
No.
I don't care.
I don't care about that.
I mean, this guy always faxes the good stuff from the Cleveland plane dealer in a plane brown rapper.
But why do we care about that?
Oh, here's one in the pink and one in the snake in a plane brown rapper.
Nice going, screw in.
Speaking of the human pin cushion.
A woman who drove a car bearing the airbrush image of a stripper to pick up her daughter at school could face up to three years in prison in Indianapolis.
Erica Merritt at 25 of Indianapolis was scheduled to appear today for initial hearing on a felony charge of disseminating matter harmful to minors.
She was also charged with driving with a suspended a license, a Mr. Meener.
The felony charge carries a penalty of six months to three years in prison and a $10,000 fine.
Mary and Cady Prosecutors filed the charges yesterday.
I would concede it is probably a first amendment issue, but not all first amendment cases mean that you can't restrict the pitch.
Prosecutor Carl Britsy said protecting third and fourth graders from a center fold on wheels is one of those valid restrictions.
What's wrong with a center fold on wheels?
Well, that's where I probably titties on air.
America's really worried about titties, man.
Look at John Ascroft.
He was covered up titties.
An officer noticed a three-by-foot image on the car's trunk Thursday afternoon.
After police stopped Meredith for driving with a broken taillight, she said she drove the 76-bueh to pick up her eight-year-old daughter at school above a block from her home.
Meredith was released without bond shortly after arrest.
Told the Indianapolis star, the car's registered in her name but belongs to her boyfriend.
Well, how do you like that?
Justice will prevail, boys and girls, because it is America.
The land of the used to be free.
You'll be dismayed to know that when they played the national anthem at Pompo-no Park last night at 20 to 7,
that's where a bunch of old farts sitting right down by the window who did not stand up.
Oh, they must have been Canadians.
They must have been either French Canadians or just a bunch of deaf old farts.
And if it would have been up to me if I weren't so lazy, I'd have gone right racing right on down there and said,
get off you disrespectful nasty old farts. You old ass. I would have.
I'd have gone right down there and bitched them out.
Freakin' $2 showbethers.
Sitting there eating the two for $25 dinner special and probably sharing it with 18 of their closest friends from cemetery village.
Shame on them. I guarantee they were their last money for the free spaghetti dinner.
Oh, make no mistake, I booted.
56670560, pound 560, that wolf buttscreek man, he makes me sick to my stomach.
He could easily be the Joseph Gerbels of today's TV.
You know? The information minister?
Boy and register, which calls and I'm quoting now a cut above the rest.
What were you saying? Oh, cut.
See the endorsement of Iowa's first lady. She's Christy Vilsack and she's joining us now live from the boy.
Oh, she's endorsing John Kerry. Everybody's endorsing somebody.
Okay, like I said yesterday, Iowa knew Hampshire. What the hell does it mean?
You know, it's like if let's take the first primary in Okachoby.
Right.
In Kassimmi. In Prahoki.
Let's stick them all in the Poki and Prahoki and have some of that good cherry pie.
Don't ever go to Poki.
Do never with Wayne. We can do the Poki with Wayne.
What a phony bastard you are Wayne.
You're such a money grab and piece of crap.
How anybody could have a being a minute.
And you know, we got people on the station. They'll lie.
They'll suck up to them.
But the fact that it matters is how anybody could have any respect for you.
Got to look right in a mirror. I mean, right in a whatever.
I don't have as much respect as he pays me to have.
Yeah.
Schmuck.
What does that mean?
Like all the people that claim that they respect him, they've got something.
Yeah, that's right. They've got his name on a check.
How's that new poll coming?
What's your take on the Neal and Moe reunion, which we had this morning in the parking lot?
If you tune in late, you missed one of the great stories in the history of radio, history of this place, history of this community.
Will it make the newspapers?
No.
No.
To be on the front page.
249 votes.
I don't give a Schmidt 80.
I'm shocked, but this made 54.
Who's Moe 51?
Greg Reach had it done this a long time ago, 27.
I'm shocked, but please 19. Not too good.
It's bad for QM 12. It's great for QM 6.
Don't show off the fact that they all think they know something.
Oh, yeah.
They all know what's going on.
WQAM, hello.
Down.
Yes, sir.
Pull yourself, bitch.
WQAM, hello.
Dave, what's up, my friend Neal?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Danny, but make sure he knows what kind of coffee that Wayne likes, because that's all he's going to be doing.
Is he a think so?
He's going to be fetching coffee for the man.
Spencer, Aaron Boy.
I'm telling you, three creams, two sugars, and a shimmy and a shake on the side.
And a hokey, pokey on a weekend.
Later.
All right.
56670560.
We're getting the real calls here.
Unlike the sports and the earth shows, we're getting all those deep analization because people really think this is something important, you know?
Like earth shaking.
Can't you feel the earth move under your meat?
Something's moving.
Yeah.
I already had that.
About 940, probably.
I forgot to do mine, and I'm suffering for it.
Uh-oh.
We ever find out who that was doing the quick step there, and I go to the dress shoes?
Yeah, blind.
Yeah, see, I don't talk to the dress here.
Probably a sales hole.
Exactly.
Don't talk to me.
WQAM.
Kaka.
In fact, I thought it might have been, it might have been duck, because I heard the sound of a pneumatic drill.
I thought it was trying to drill a glory hole through, so I ran out of there.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neal.
Yes, sir.
My toilet is going to be endorsing a percentage because he flushes three times and I carry only
pleasure twice.
All right.
All right, Neal.
First of all, I'm pretty sure.
We're talking Super Bowl.
Oh, I know that was the bowl I were talking about.
No, no, no, no.
We're talking tidy bowl.
That's an awesome thing.
This is an awful thing.
You won't ever sniff it except unless they pay admission.
But, uh.
But, uh, this is a PR move by the dolphin to 100%.
I mean, how's that?
I mean, I think that is it.
When they said they're looking for a GM, they said, well, after we decide who we like, we're going to go consult Dave
and see what he thinks to see if he thinks we should hire him.
That's like me.
That's like my company hiring my boss and that before they hire him talking to me and say, hey, you like that guy, you should hire him.
Yeah.
What kind of action is that?
Not fooling anybody, way, not anybody with a brain.
Yeah.
Uh.
And, uh.
Neal, going back to the Republican versus Democrats for this election, I just saw a poll today that said 85% of Republicans are going to,
most likely going to vote for Bush.
And it's just sad to see how those people are so lock stock and they put together and the Democrats just fall apart.
Amen.
And, uh.
It's just very disappointing.
I'll see you at the Republican Alman.
I'll be there.
Bye.
Thanks.
1256 at 560 W. Kim, we got our fabulous world flaming one to two hour.
No more of that Wednesday stuff, by the way.
We're doing four full hours on Wednesday and I lament that badly.
That's okay.
We can add a little.
I'm in train.
Maybe, uh, Bernoff at Calorie or two.
You never know.
Now, which one of these is, uh, oh, the first one is the one I'm not going to play today.
I'll listen to it first.
Well, no, that wouldn't be good.
You're doing like a mo-bashing bit.
I mean, we're still going to play mo-bashing bits.
But I mean, let's give it a day.
Okay.
Because I told him, I said, you know, keep in mind it's a radio show and don't, uh, we're not going to blow this thing.
He said, don't worry.
Gelly will do that tomorrow.
Hey, I want to welcome a new sponsor of ours.
Armstrong, Twitter, Homestead.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm not going to let you know.
The
the
I was going with, down in New Orleans, walking side by side.
Was who he was with him, but he was there to call me that high.
But then her friend was white, and I decided to pursue the guy.
And I was seven thousand, he pulled me down and said,
I got shot in the lane, I got in the lane, I got in the lane.
Oh, I feel like he's holding up more.
He, I really hurt now, I was bleeding all over the place.
He, the bomb and shot me down, was gotten beaten up by Lola.
Pick that cally.
The girl, who was donating now, was just a thing, and he had been a bone of heart.
I can't convince him now, especially since the light eyes are shot in the lane.
I'm shot in the lane, I'm shot in the lane.
I saw three, two, three, two, one, and he's dead.
103 at 560 WQM, happy Tuesday too.
560, 705, 60 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
What's your take on the Neal and Mo Reunion?
I don't give a shmit 90.
I'm shocked, but this made 60.
Who's Mo 56?
Greg Reed should have done this a long time ago, 29.
I'm shocked, but please 21.
It's bad for QM 13.
It's great for QM 6 out of 274.
WQM Danny and Dave Lyne.
Yeah, Mr. Origin.
Yes.
Is this George?
Yeah.
This is the, this is Neal, isn't it?
I'm bigger, Martin.
Is this G or George?
You want to speak to George?
Yes, we he's not taking any calls today.
Oh, I see.
All right, then in that case, I'd like to make a request.
Yeah.
Okay, there's a, there's a bit called, I think it's called Brucie.
Big Brucie.
Right.
I'd like to see if you can play with it.
I'll dig it up.
All right.
I see you.
George has high by the way.
Oh, okay.
He didn't want to talk to me, but he's making a request.
Well, that's okay.
At least he was honest about it.
He rather talk to you.
Maybe he likes you.
Maybe that was Teddy from Botswana.
With whom you have a close personal relationship.
Tight, close person.
Right, right.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a AT and T and Verizon.
Wireless line.
Come on.
This is the hottest topic even since Alien makes Alien look like a little
Piker.
That's with a P.
A little Piker, a Piper.
A P is in penis.
And by the way, the Ebola still want to take a look at it.
WQA.
I'm Hello.
No, yes, sir.
When I think of is a money call.
Great.
Good news.
No, that's his son you're talking about.
WQA.
I'm Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This whole thing with Moz down is a little fishy to me.
Why is that?
I don't know, but I think I'd have George start your car for a couple of weeks.
Well, here's the guy that doesn't want to talk to George obviously.
Well, I'd even sit out.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a AT and T and Verizon.
Wireless line was a very heartwarming thing that started out with a tremendous,
a bunch of hostility likes to what you've seldom seen.
I mean, real hate and turned to like almost the love fest.
Almost not quite.
Lurping kisses.
Well, two handshakes.
What are you laughing about?
Two handshakes.
Yeah.
Was it two shaker?
Are we shook twice and still dribble right down my leg?
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a AT and Verizon wireless line.
Line nine is always a hoot.
WQAM.
Hey, yes, sir.
See what I'm saying?
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Looking for Neil speaking.
Neil.
Yeah, my village and me to you for a long time, but I've never called you before.
Here you go.
But no, hold on a second.
There's been a couple of months where I was out of action.
Why number?
I've got two questions for you before you hang up on me after the first one.
Yeah, first question.
Why put the second one first then now put the first one second.
Why is what what precipitated the little route that you're having with that
homo fault that at an earlier time?
Well, I don't have time to go back to the whole history of that.
I mean, there wasn't just one event.
It was a series of things.
Okay, I missed a series of hostile events.
All right.
You don't want to tell me what the base.
The stuff.
Well, no, I don't want to rehash all of them.
I mean, the day when we finally made our piece, I don't want to go back and rehash
all the stuff about him trying to get George fired and a lot of things that
happened that were ugly and us.
He's apologized for the stuff and the life will go on.
You know, I didn't know you made your peace because I was listening this morning
and he said something about you.
Right.
Can't cancer on a radio show.
Yeah, cancer, right.
And that was the beginning of our conversation out of the park a lot.
I said, I'm better watch it.
Cancer might be contagious.
And then he said, F you and then we proceeded from there.
The other thing is I am.
I met Ron Jeremy.
I've got a story to tell you.
Ron Jeremy and I went to a club called Plato's retreat.
We found ourselves there at the same time back in the late late the early 80s.
I guess before AIDS became a prevalent problem.
What is Plato's retreat?
Plato's retreat was a swing or so.
Yeah, that's just a joke that was a drop.
Yeah, go ahead.
Yeah.
So Ron and I had actually shared the same woman there and the problem was was that we
can kind of do our first and I got to our second.
Yeah.
Now, you know, I'm I'm I'm pretty large myself actually much larger than average.
But yeah, everyone have about the future agent.
Yeah.
Yeah, but compared to Ron though, is it?
Who cares about Ron anyway?
Why do we care about Ron Jeremy?
He's not any scary.
Are you watching that show?
Watch and watch.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
This isn't a PRA.
Yeah, that's his PR guy.
I want to promote the fact that we don't like Ron Jeremy.
We can't stand him.
Okay.
And anybody who thinks that he's a sex pot is a crazy person.
And when he said right across from me in that chair here that day,
I realized he's a major asshole with a gigantic ego even bigger than his puppet.
Oh, and my watching that show.
Are you crazy?
I saw that promo once and I thought who else?
Erica strata a flamer, by the way.
A screamer.
He's on air.
Tammy Faye Baker.
A crazy ass bitch that only morons like Carlos,
freaky Carlos out there suck up to.
And by the way, Carlos, you suck.
Yeah, see how many people have said it?
Doesn't take a genius to figure it out.
Even the callers, somebody comes into the building to collect their prize or something.
Everybody with a half a brain says,
what kind of a moron is Greg read that he's got a freak like that sitting out there
to reception this?
Anybody who comes into this radio station, their first or a power 96,
their first contact is with that.
Nasty obnoxious freaky looking disgusting piece of turd.
Huh?
I'm going to take all the emotion that I had against Moe,
which we know that's all gone.
And I'm going to put it in that direction now.
So what am I saying?
Well, you have to take your anger and vent it somewhere.
You have to learn it.
But in doubt, you'll explode.
Right.
Tammy Faye Baker and Susan Lucci, man.
Oh, God.
I'm not even good.
I'm not even going to say faggot because that would be an insult to all the rest of us faggots.
You're disgrace freaky carlos.
In fact, like I said the other day,
Carlos is not a good name in this building.
Nope.
In some bad luck.
Paisen.
Here's the fact that says from Alice Haneel,
does the fact that you and Moe made up mean that you will not be ripping him into ass on a daily basis?
No.
The audience loves it when you ripped that miserable son of a bitch this morning.
He was ripping his former colleague, boomer, a size in,
who was his first guest on his very first show.
What an ungrateful asshole he is, Neil.
Please keep ripping Moe.
Now that you don't have the Wednesday coming hour,
you should have the Monday through Friday ripped Moe a new ass hour from one to two it says.
Absolutely.
Okay.
Just calm down, Alice.
Okay.
So I mean they like hate.
They want that.
Like that.
Oh, sure.
Can't do it.
We want love.
God forbid.
We want love.
We want close tight relationships around here.
We want our thumb up each other's, uh,
rectum.
Yes.
Oh, he's already got his own finger in there.
I should have mentioned that thing about, you know,
I'm more than happy to make up a quit digging for gold in their front everybody on my mind.
Well, you know, that's what happens.
That's what happens.
What?
When you're doing stuff like that in front of the whole staff and then they start talking about it.
You know, if I was making a lot of money, I dig where I wanted to what I wanted to.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh.
Ten minutes after one at five sixty WQM.
That's what Richie Hedner used to say.
Who?
You don't know who you see.
Oh, good.
That's good.
Former third basement from the pirate.
He was a, he was a grave digger.
He was a grave digger.
296 votes on the Moe issue.
And the Moe we talk about it.
The Moe, obviously, is to me they haven't got a clue.
What's your take on the Neal and Moe reunion?
I don't give a shaman 94.
I'm shocked, but this made 66.
Say it ain't so, Moe.
Whose Moe was 60?
Greg Richie, then, is a long time ago, a 33.
That's the correct answer.
I'm shocked, but please, 22.
It's bad for QM 14.
It's great for QM 7.
What?
What is he doing?
He's sneezing, but you know how everyone sneezes in a particular way?
Right.
Well, Bokobrine's particular way is pretty particular.
I see.
He's a peculiar.
Well, maybe he sneezes in through a different orifice.
That might know what the way he sneezes, I think, he is.
Is that what it sounds like?
Let it go, Brian.
Cut it, loose.
I'll be damned.
Look at that brown stain on his upper lip.
I'm trying to press it.
He's opening new ports.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
If you're not getting a good night's sleep, dial a mattress is going to help you out.
Like they've been doing for me for a long time.
Georgia's sleeping on a dial a mattress.
What about Bokobrine?
Yes, he is.
And sneezing funny on him.
Bokobrine is sneezing all over his new mattress.
And you can do whatever you want on it, too.
The best part of the deal is that they deliver to you whenever you want.
Any day, seven days a week in the two-hour window that you choose when it's convenient for you,
when you're going to be home, nobody else lets you do that.
Any day between eight in the morning and ten at night.
So, celebrate the new year in comfort with a great new mattress and dial a mattress.
They're unbeatable all the way around.
And now, they're proud to announce that they carry asterisans and foster.
They've added them to their already strong unbeatable championship lineup.
Steerans and foster.
He would have the finest mattress made in America.
But you can also get silly and certain Simmons, King, Coral, Temporpédic.
All you do is make one easy call.
You'll talk to a trained betting expert who knows their stuff inside and out.
And you'll hook you up with exactly the kind of mattress you'll obviously find.
So call 1-800-MATRUS right now.
1-800-MATRUS.
They'll be not going to need to do it in no time at all.
1-800-MATRUS.
Or check them out on the website at macrus.com.
Get in line and low.
This is 20.560.
2AM.
You were one of the semi-puppet ants?
Yes, yes, Mo. Sit down, won't you?
I called this meeting because I care deeply for you.
And as you probably know, I have a great deal of respect for you as a sports broadcaster.
And I was like, in geniality, bump, what gets all right, Mo?
Here's a check for you. What's that for?
It's to buy out the remainder of your contract.
I'm afraid we can no longer use you in the morning.
Thank you.
What are you made of?
What are you firing me?
Well, let me put it this way.
You remember that grand piano you had Gelly drop on my head?
Yeah, that was a panic.
Well, that woke me up to the realization that I actually wrote a radio station.
Now, if you would be so kind to hand in the keys to your Compt Car and remove all your Compt clothes,
my lovely receptionist Carlos here will show you the door.
Now, we just a minute.
I already told you.
Have you taken a good look at Carlos?
Oh, all right.
Oh, Carlos.
Yes, Mr. Lee.
Lee show Mo the door.
This here's the door, honey.
You don't show it to him.
Throw him out.
Let's go, Mr.
Watch the peg. Watch the peg.
Oh, I got no good lady.
That night, I'm buying a great smoke.
Oh, I would have gave it a great place now that you have a great day out.
It's not a big deal when all you can eat dinner today.
If I am walking naked, the poker, if I ever get naked, then I die outlaw the life.
I don't know but he loved me.
I don't think respect me.
And why am I naked?
Hold on my balls in the middle of the street.
Absolutely.
117 at 560 WQA.
That wasn't so bad.
No, it was amazing.
He won't be bothered.
I mean, I already told him we're going to continue playing the bits in the book of Brown.
We never heard of fly.
But that's what they said about Tony Perkins too.
567 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I don't see a whole lot of action on a phone there, man.
They're all waiting for the mad dog because they want to get their 4.5 cents in on Danny and Davy.
WQM, our only call on screen.
Hello.
Hey, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Good.
What happened in the parking lot?
I hear the story about you and my mom.
Right.
We had a meeting.
We ironed out our differences.
That's hilarious.
We shook our hands and ended our ways.
We kissed in a little deep throw action.
Good, great.
I just want to let you know I turned American last week.
And with all the security we have in this country,
I guess how they get you the passport in regular meal.
There you go.
And the only reason I did it so I can travel and leave this country quicker.
Nice call, Billy.
Listen, one other thing.
Did you see what happened to Julio Iglesias?
No, I did not.
His dad, 87, is making a child.
And Julio Iglesias is getting a brother.
How about that?
All right.
Hey, have a nice day.
Do it.
Back to you.
Tootsieins.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
What's your take, baby?
A lot of takes in this town right now.
Everybody's got to take.
I can't wait to see that silly Tony cigarette or again.
That's the one thing I come down here for.
I haven't caught the ricksonce show yet.
Is that still on?
It is?
Yeah.
You have to be shmitten me.
I wish I was.
What time is it on?
I don't know.
Well, you better warn me.
So I'll be sure and miss it.
Like four?
I think it's on, I don't know, during the day.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
There would be a hell of a lot better like four in the morning.
WDQAM.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Fony and a hypocrite.
You're a Fony and a hypocrite.
That's what you are.
Fony and a hypocrite.
Yeah, keep saying it.
Fony and a hypocrite.
Again.
We hate you.
We hate you like points.
Yeah.
We hate you.
But thanks for listening.
Thanks for listening.
Fony and a hypocrite.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yo.
Yes, sir.
One of the half of the 80K runs GA.
Whatever happened to it.
Oh, I found it.
Yeah.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Fony and a hypocrite.
Fony, Fony and a hypocrite.
Fony, Fony and a hypocrite.
Fony and a hypocrite.
Fony and a hypocrite.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Nobody there.
See that line one, man?
It will not hold on at the screen.
We'll hold it.
Hey, just take whatever you get.
Don't worry.
Oh, yeah.
It works the way we wanted to.
Just the fact that actually it works a little bit.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you see the press conference yesterday?
Yes, I certainly did.
Did you see the Zangoluzzi?
Yeah.
When someone actually pointed out the fact that Marino's new job is doing nothing.
Right.
That he's just, he's getting a title, he's getting a fancy office.
You know, he's going to sit around and he's going to like rubber stamp things
that the real G ever doing.
And that they're just hiring Danny for his name.
And who's thinking we're like, how?
It was like a moment.
How?
There you are.
That's that question.
Rich asshole with an attitude, man, that's him.
And that's the disappointing thing because I think the rumor was yesterday that Marino was going to be the GM.
Right.
And then we went for this big cup of tea.
Yeah, well, I'm not so sure that they didn't blow it on Channel Six, as I saw Joe, my good buddy Joe Rose on there.
And it sounded to me like they were talking about him being the general manager.
Yeah, that's what I thought to it.
Then there's always thing to read.
Next thing, you know, on comes weighing with a press conference and he's got Rick Squartino.
He's going to continue.
He's going to be the GM or whatever his name is.
And Danny Boyd, they're creating a new position for him.
Yeah.
I'm a different man.
Incredible.
That's exactly what it was.
That was exactly how they painted it today in the paper with that Marino.
His new job has no defined responsibilities.
In fact, his new job has got just about just matching the experience that he has in management.
None.
Well, you know, it just goes to show you they had a chance to go outside the organization.
The organization, but then they might have had to pay a lot of money.
And bring in somebody who's a professional, somebody who knows what they're doing.
And all they do is just take the homegrown talent or the lack of talent and just promote them.
Maybe he already paid Danny Boyd off with an auto nation stock.
Let's hope he gets his ring finally.
All right.
Okay, Neil.
That's a lot.
He's got to get a ring.
All right.
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
Okay, boy.
If Robert County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility,
I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next ten years.
And here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
Always attacking the media.
Always on the attack, whether it's Armando or Salco Query, whatever his name is.
Salguero.
It never stops.
Rich pampered assholes who think that everybody's going to couch out of them and cater to their whims, you know.
I'll screw you away.
And how do you like that?
Baldi.
Schmuck.
Pockmarkman.
Moonman.
Can't stand him.
Dispise him.
There's a direction for your name.
All that phony crap back in the great panther year in 96 or whatever it had to year was.
I guess it was 96.
All that phonyness with him and Marty and every game and they're down there sitting like Kitty Corner for more My Seeds worth that time.
And they were showing up at every game and then they started bringing Shula to the game and they're Chula Chula.
What'd you call me?
Chupa Cabra.
Chalupa.
WQAM.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Is this Wayne?
No.
Oh.
This is a guy calling for a lot of deals.
All right.
Your number one.
I just want to tell you about that.
That Yahoo Rick Sanchez.
Yes.
They had to show it four o'clock and they got some dismal ratings that they had to move them to ten o'clock in the morning.
Really?
Yeah, whenever he's watching Jerry Sprinter.
Oh well that's pretty stiff competition for us.
I better change my time again.
So you said it wouldn't last.
Of course Neil God is correct again.
Well how could anybody I watch him?
I think a genius to figure that out.
He's disgusting.
He's a drunk or a little burp sound.
And that guy's still dead by the way.
Who is that?
All the guy he killed?
Yeah.
But nobody cares down here.
You're right.
Yeah, every one in ten get hit by a card on his nose.
Exactly.
It's small potatoes.
Have a right day, Polly.
All right.
Don't watch Channel 7.
You'll die.
If you watch Channel 7 you will die.
That's right.
560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
106 people don't give a fly and fig about me and Mo.
Shame on them.
That's bad.
This is the time that carries enough not to send their very best.
What's your take on the Neil and Mo reunion this morning totally unexpected out of nowhere
326 votes.
I don't give a shmit 106.
I'm shocked but dismayed 74.
Dismayed.
Pist.
Who's Mo 65?
Now do you believe that?
No.
No.
Greg Reed should have done this a long time ago 36.
Have we seen him yesterday or today?
No.
Have it once the last time you laid your eye on him.
Once the last time you spied on his car yesterday?
Really?
Yeah.
What a joke.
Greg Reed should have done this a long time ago 36.
I'm shocked but please 22.
It's bad for QAM 16.
It's great for QAM still the same 7 out of 333.
We're halfway there.
We got 333.
How do you like that?
That's an old man.
WQAM line 1 is nobody there.
Hello.
Yeah, there is.
But don't sound again.
Hello.
This is good.
I like that.
Oh man, we got our own river.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
WQAM, hello.
Bob a boy asshole.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you sir?
Pretty good.
Hey, instead of hiring Dan Marine, for that if he had hired like a really hot trick or something,
like one of the cheer leaders maybe or Jackie Johnson.
Jackie Johnson's about as hot as ice cube man.
Where do you guys come up with is Jackie Johnson crap?
Neil, Neil.
She's a docky pro.
I know plenty about hot chicks believe you mean I got better taste than you'll ever have.
I don't think so.
Yeah, okay, think this.
Okay, stick with Jackie's Johnson.
I heard Joe Rose talking about that all the time.
She's a docky pus.
She's nasty.
Okay.
She is.
We did discover she was lopsided though.
You already agreed with that now now you're changing your tune again?
I agreed with she wasn't all that.
She agreed with that.
She's a mediocre at best.
Okay.
I'll take you.
She's about to waste a lot of great events.
Sust-Round.
Oh, please.
Let's not go there.
5667-0560 man.
Can you imagine?
How do I think about it?
WDQM hello.
Yeah, that's some.
I'm a nigga Neil.
Yeah.
Did you just call Jackie Johnson a donkey pussy?
Yes.
That's why I say.
Hey man.
I just got in the car man.
I'm sorry.
You had a little recap on that reunion.
I almost drove off the turnpike when I heard that this point.
I mean it's good.
Yeah.
I guess it's good for you guys.
But I guess it's not as bad as it seems to be.
I didn't say that.
Oh, okay.
So it would have been bad now to say.
No, that would be okay.
You can handle it.
What do you say?
Doi doi doi doi doi.
Is that what you said?
I think so.
5667-0560-560 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless Line.
All these folks down here.
BAM!
BAM!
Keep it up.
The one thing we both decided at the end of our meet this morning me and Moe is that I
told him just like I tried to tell for everybody when listening to me.
Take the money straight to the bank.
Put it in there deposit it.
The checks here do clear.
Even though these people are brutal.
The checks do clear.
That's it.
That's all accounts.
Nothing else.
That's the one thing to keep in mind.
Okay?
Okay.
I'm serious.
I mean take a look at the big bucks you're making.
And you even have to take the check to the bank.
You got direct deposit, man.
You got direct deposit.
What's not to like?
The amount.
But look how quick you get them bonuses.
And of course I bet you get the fallbook bonus right away.
That's my prediction now.
I already have it.
Yeah.
You already got it.
In fact I wouldn't be surprised if they triple it.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Interest diabetic is a delicious meal replacement drink that just happens to be made for people
living with diabetes.
But anybody who wants to cut down their sugar and take a drink at 2 and enjoy it.
It's the English.
Interest diabetic is sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar.
So there's no nasty aftertaste.
You like the ones we get with Asperity and Saccharin?
Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they be in a hurry.
Interest diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life.
Plus, fiber and antioxidants added to low unsaturated fat and cholesterol.
Interest diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free too.
In 8 ounce can't provide 237 calories of easily digested nutrition.
Try Interest diabetic once you'll never go back to whatever you drink and before.
Pick some up today.
It's at Publix Walgreens, Eckerds, Navarro's, Sedano, CVS, other local pharmacies.
And the makers of Interest are so sure that you're going to love it.
They're giving away free, say it again free, full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavors to anybody who calls that toll-free number.
1-866-368-3739 or faster yet.
Order for yourself at theinterestdiabetic.com on their website.
Just click on free samples.
Tell them that Neal sends you by for the delicious one.
Get yourself an additional special gift.
Here's that toll-free number.
Give it a try. It tastes great.
1-866-368-3739
Find and local.
Here's Sports Video 560 healing.
2AM
Pay from when these games go down the drain.
When wave explains his games, my brain complains.
Who's made spots in cotton games?
It's when, it's when.
Who's acclaimed has gone down in flames?
It's when, it's when.
The shape of wave was paid upon my brain.
I think it's lost it.
The strain and from wave made stains inside my veins.
No!
Wow.
It's 131-560 WDQ-Aim.
I think this Joe Nameth could might be interesting.
After all this time working here, I'm still trying to figure out.
Oh, it's not Joe Nameth.
With all the complaints about that thing that works at the front.
How does it keep it strong?
I said I was the Joe Nameth thing.
Carlos or Carlita or whatever else they call it.
It.
It's a miserable thing.
Absolutely.
Whether it's trying to be a guy or a girl or whatever it is.
It's just not very happy.
Now I know you're in bed with the whole group back there and they protect it.
You would think if you're the person and the first thing you see,
when you get off the elevator to walk into Power 96 or QAM.
See what I tell you?
You'd want somebody that looks happy.
That looks like a receptionist would like people.
Hi there.
How are you?
Not at this thinking joint.
It doesn't happen.
Be a miserable son of a bitch and you keep your job forever, man.
Absolutely.
Correct.
132 at 560 WQ and that's the Greg Reed FN Way by the way.
That's why that goes on.
WQAM, hello.
Hi.
My name is Tony Marino from Fort Lauderdale.
Yes, Tony.
I just had a question and I wanted to ask me if I could.
You're speaking to him.
Hi, Neil.
Is this Dan Marino?
No, I wish I had that guy's money.
Me too.
Oh, I've been watching the news and all that.
And everybody seems to be saying that they're predicting
that some sort of quarterback change with the new season.
It's the best of your knowledge.
I know that you're going to know a lot more about what the team does.
Who do you think they're going to try to go after two?
Go after in the off season and would want to be a part of that.
I'm thinking Y-A title.
Mill Plum.
Otto Graham.
He just died.
Call one of the sports shows, Tony.
See, his name is Marino, so you guys did it.
I don't see.
I'm sorry we got none of this.
Woo!
Fieset.
Would you calm down?
Now he asked a serious question.
Is it going to be Jay Feeder?
No.
He will be Brian Greasing.
And he'll be down.
Right.
All the way down.
I'm thinking maybe Daryl Lamarco would be good.
He was great.
Boy, he was really something.
And I'm supposed to be the non-sports guy in the station.
I said long ago that one Danny was still playing.
How come the dolphins never draft a young quarterback?
You know, to be the backup.
Like the Patriots drafted Tommy Brady.
Why wouldn't that be a great idea?
Oh, you don't know anything, man.
You never played the game.
You don't know anything.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
And on this station, Jay Feeder, Jay Feeder, Jay Feeder is me, the Okraad Best.
Okay.
He gives it the old sophomore try.
And that's a good guy, but that's it.
What do you think is going to be the quarterback?
I'm a top greasy.
Let's bring that back.
He had the windshield wipers on his glasses.
You got to improve it.
He did.
He tried the little windshield wipers on his glasses.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
That's the...
My vote is for deaf and then hyzing was a PR move yesterday.
And on another note, did you watch the news last night on that guy in Argentina walked into a line,
Caged, claiming that guy had told him to do that?
No, I didn't see that.
Yeah, but the funny thing was, ten with a lottery reported as he was misguided, a Christian.
Yet on CBS afterwards, didn't even make a mention of it.
Oh, God forbid.
Yes.
That's all I have to say.
Via Conde, I want to piss off the FCC.
You know how they are.
Oh, yes.
They're in an uptrow.
Hang in there, pal.
I'll pray for you.
135 at 560.
By the way, Hugo Chavez, who of course invented Swale as a major asshole and they won him out yesterday if not sooner.
But I found this story kind of amusing.
Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez dismissed U.S. National Security Advisor Condoleezer Rice is a true illiterate for accusing him of not playing a constructive role in Latin America.
How do you like that?
Chavez said he asked Cuban leader Fidel Castro to mail to Rice samples of books at Venezuela is using with Cuban support for literacy education to see if she learns to be suspected in the of the people and learns a little bit about us.
Speaking of an official event in Caracas, Chavez said that Rice fired her unworthy artillery against our people by saying that he should not oppose the referendum that seeks to oust him from power.
In Washington Friday, Conde Leezer said that there are roles that Venezuela has played that have not been very helpful.
Rice cited tensions between Venezuela and neighboring Colombia as well as Chavez, good relations with Fidel, whose outlasted successive U.S. presidents for four decades.
And I have a prediction for her if he does not outlast Condoleezer too, unfortunately he is going to outlast Condoleezer.
And he has a much better beard.
Conde Leezer.
567.05. He has a much better condo.
567.05.60.
Pound 560. But I just like that term now. He said she was...
What was the term?
A true illiterate.
Not one of those takers.
Right, you look kind of like a true freshman.
You better start running a sportsling go, man.
Because you can tell from this day to day we are going to be pretty sports intensive on this show.
Yeah, we'll talk about Boxball. Right, Boxyball.
WQAM. Hello.
Or maybe just Boxy Candies. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm calling from Key West.
Yes, sir.
And don't hang up. We'll be like you've been hanging up on everybody else.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Go. Yes, sir.
Conde Leezer.
Conde Sending. All right.
I think Bobby Lane is going to be the next quarterback.
Could be. Bobby Lane.
And how about... How about Night Train Lane? Oh, he was in the quarterback.
Yeah. But I think the real big question is, who's there to play Danny on the Maruni commercials?
Right. Good point.
We've never brought that issue to light.
Excellent issue.
Thank you.
Well, investing in fact, we might devote the whole show to it tomorrow.
Thanks a lot. Paul.
Okay.
567. Take a poll. He didn't say where to put it though.
Now, what was it, uh, we, oh, did the guy said hang up on me? Yeah. Right.
More on. That's the surest way, man.
To hear that dial tone. Don't hang up on me. Okay.
That means that that's like saying, hey, I'm an asshole, you know.
And why would they say that? When is that ever worked?
What? Don't hang up on me.
It always works. And I hang up on him right away.
Okay. No, they have no materials. I say I have no material, but it's just, it's like an invitation.
I appreciate it very much.
WQAM.
Neil. Yes, sir.
What's up, buddy?
How you doing, pal?
I just want to make comment about that press conference.
What happened? What happened about, uh, uh, may asking the tough questions?
We don't do that in this town. Yeah.
If you ask a tough question, you're, you're criticized and called an asshole.
Well, I guess that's why they, uh, that was that whole concept of it.
And intimidating the media there. Like how, you know, I resent that question and how could anybody even ask?
That was his whole, uh, approach to the whole thing.
Like how do you, or anybody ask me a tough question? I'm going to like play butcher hot shot now.
It's the worst as far as the sports franchise is down here.
Yeah. And it starts on that goddamn radio station that you're sitting in.
Right. That's right.
It's nothing but truck calls from morning till night all the way through except for one.
Right.
Yeah. That good.
Well, and you and the other guy, this Spanish guy.
Oh, you know, the big.
Oh, oh, oh, that guy.
Okay. At least at least I mean, it's not very good on the radio.
Right. I mean, I'll give you that.
The least is not a suck up anyway.
You got it, dude.
Absolutely.
Hey, the other guy that's building it on suck is what I'm hearing.
Are you do though?
A lot.
Pretty good.
That's what I hear.
Have a great day, Kelly.
Practice makes perfect.
21 till two.
21 till two at five, 60 WKM.
Don't forget. Join Joe Costello tonight.
7 30 till 9 30 at the sand bar grill in the grove.
Stop by to win t-shirts and tickets to watch the Pantheon.
This is your fire game Thursday at the Macarena from the Bud Party zone.
You know the Macarena that Wayne City wouldn't play in?
Oh, that one.
That one. If you people in Broward build it.
You're a lyre-wain, bald face line.
There's just a ball lyre.
That ball-headed.
What a joke.
It's so perfect, man.
Your ride of Crippetition is town just the same stuff over and over and over.
That's so good.
It's that Q&A's in there.
I think, you know, I think, I think Greg is got Bob Vermouth back there
and they're cranking up to your gas.
And giving you a smell.
Hey, you're speaking of gas if your carpets are full o'craft.
There's only one place to call to get them looking and smelling
and feeling just like brand new.
Player demo.
Don't play Russian-Will Alabama with your expensive carpeting or your drapes
or area amongst your furniture because no one does...
Hey, you're speaking of gas
if your carpets are full o'craft.
There's only one place to call to take them looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new.
Ride concebs.
Don't play resident with your expensive carpeting or your drapes or area-w confessed or your furniture
because Nobody does it for either of you, rock concepts
to the best in the world that bring in dull, nasty schmutzzy looking carpets
back to life looking brand new. I've been using dry concepts in my house for over
20 years. If they weren't the best do you think there's any chance I would use
them? No. Of course not. If the carpets really need to clean and bad, especially
after the holidays and everybody's come through and trampled and messed up your
house, now is the time to have them look in vibrant and color, smelling and
looking brand new and of course smell a lot of fresh as well. They're drying a
couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll. And don't forget dry concepts
also can help you say 15% on your next carp or cleaning. Ask them about it next
time to make that call. Call them today 1-800-248-5071. No surprises, no tack
odds, no gimmicks, no bad news at the end of the job. In fact they give you a
guaranteed written price before they start the work. Call them today 1-800-248-5071
or check them on the wicked worldwide web at dryconcepts.com.
My life and love. This is 4205 City.
Way to A.
B. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
No. No.
Murph.
These people are suffering from mad cow disease.
Hey look at me I'm a joystick cow.
Mooh cow.
Big deal. I'm a green sheep cow.
Who the hell are you trying to say?
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I want to build me full my teeth.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
Look at me.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I'm a cow.
I can't stop this.
There is no hope for these porous tools.
So leave them alone.
Let them die.
144 at 560 W.C.
So in case you tune in late, of course,
we took the most important poll of the day.
This morning between 10 and noon,
what's your take on the Dan Marine or hiring?
582 votes in about an hour and 35 minutes.
I was shocking when you say staggering.
The emotion was spectacular.
It's a PR set that pacified Dolphans, one out,
184 votes, 31.6%.
They're not buying into a win.
No matter what you say,
no matter how much you're paying Danny Boy,
they're not buying into it.
Danny's a winner.
I like it.
161.
I couldn't give a Schmidt less, 121.
It won't change a thing, 93.
And I smell Super Bowl.
Can you smell it?
23.
Say they're smelling Super Bowl.
Now that Danny's in the big orifice
up there in the P.P. Park,
567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T,
infrared and wireless line.
Joe Costello was just in here,
getting all the information on the meeting
of the two families.
Yeah.
Looks good, Joe.
It looks like Mary Leicester.
Looks like human.
Looks like you're getting them all the good stuff
that he needs.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, this one's a year old, big put.
Okay, good.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, this is Tony calling you back from Fort Laud.
Okay, great.
WQM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling for Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, you were talking about the Condoleezza
rice earlier.
Did you talk?
I didn't hear your show yesterday.
Did you talk about the new book by Paul O'Neill
of the tell about the book?
No, Paul O'Neill didn't write the book.
Right.
Ron Suskind wrote the book.
Of course I did.
I played the whole see I played the whole 60 minutes
piece on the area yesterday with Leslie Stahl.
Fantastic.
You should play at every day till the election.
So that he just incase people, you know,
have a very short memory.
Here ago, Paul O'Neill was fired from his job
as George Bush's treasury secretary.
How's that?
That's pretty damn good.
Okay.
I want to get in the book today and you better get it too.
Alrighty.
It's called the price of loyalty.
It's a very steep price world paying right now.
You better believe it.
Ron Suskind is the author.
He's a Pulitzer prize winner.
Absolutely.
Go get it.
All right.
How many people are you think that in this audience
going to really read that book?
About 30 minutes.
Mike says, my name is Mike.
I'm a political science major at FIU.
As for the comment you made earlier about today's U-turning
from the crappy US news networks,
you are absolutely corrected.
Absolutely correct.
On behalf of me and the other 76 years
in my American political research course,
you sir in your web page are the ultimate political authority
when it comes to our weekly class meets.
How do you like that?
Mike at FIU says they're holding their meat
and they're enjoying every minute of it.
And each others do.
My daughter also infected her high school
and after school activities with our website.
Great.
Excellent.
Now we're talking.
That's what we want.
Living and breathing people to see it, okay?
Not those people who got one leg in a grave like me
and my new friend Moe.
We're just trying to, you know,
e-cattle living, you know?
Retired investors living on a pension.
Five, six, seven, eight, two,
five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60.
I wish I was on the inside.
I mean, we had the meeting of the two families,
just not the right families, right?
Like the Kuala Lone family would have been good.
The Rockefeller's.
Right.
The Kennedy family would have been good.
The Bilderbergers.
The Bush family would have been good.
Talking about the books.
Oh, sure.
Think I'd have to do a new aunt.
Hello.
Hey, good.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it.
Wayne has so much money.
Why does this piece so yellow?
Excellent point.
Why can't he get some hair?
Good point.
You think that a guy that's got that kind of money
could get some hair and go to the dentist
and he wants some while?
May I wait?
It's real cheap.
They have that special gummy.
You can chew that cleans your teeth.
Sure.
Don't they?
Wightening.
Wightening gum.
And they even have like special toothpaste now
that like whitens your teeth, man.
Somebody by Wayne at two but toothpaste.
And you know what you can do with a Wayne?
Get worked.
Yeah.
At least I'll have a nice clean fresh.
Brackdom.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how you doing, buddy?
Good.
Uh, first of all, a spy alert on IA
just going north of sunrise to Broward.
And secondly, I didn't appreciate Mohaward referring
to you as the cancer attend.
Well, I said to him when I came in this morning,
that's what started our conversation.
I said, uh, cancer might be contagious.
You better watch it.
And then of course, he started exchanging
an unpleasant breeze.
And then we had our discussion and we, uh, ironed it all out.
OK.
Because I missed the beginning.
We're the best of buddies now, man.
I'm on your side, buddy.
Go for it.
Thank you.
I wouldn't say we're the best of buddies.
But where we, we reached an accommodation, how's that?
We have an understanding.
And that's good.
See, a lot of you think that everything is about what's
on the radio and everything is show business.
Well, that's fine to a point, but comes to another point.
In fact, he made an excellent point to me.
And I agree with him because I didn't realize, well,
I don't know if he wants me to say it or not about the diabetes
thing.
I don't think that's a big deal.
Is it like everybody in here is diabetic?
Right.
So and he knows what that's all about.
And so do I look at all the pricks on the edge of my fingertips.
Oops.
But, um, no, seriously, when you're diabetic,
the worst thing is stress.
I mean, certainly eating all the crap is bad for you,
but even worse than that.
And even if you don't have diabetes,
stress kills, right, ages you make no mistake.
And then stress kills.
And like turn your hair gray prematurely.
Look at poor George.
Right.
Wow.
Sure.
Holy crap.
The second kid here just there falling out in chunks.
Mm-hmm.
Comes are bleeding.
So, you know, I mean, to a point, it's great.
Everybody's entertained by this.
And some people think it was sick and people,
I don't know what it was.
It never was.
But we need to have like a civilized environment in this place.
And unfortunately, the upper and middle level management
in this radio station have never been able to create that.
Ever.
I mean, you know, once upon a time,
it was fairly civilized, but never really truly.
There was always the running around in the hall
and the people spying and who's the mole,
all this other crap, all the paranoia.
And of course, one thing I've discovered in my years,
my 800 years on earth, is that people who don't know
what the hell they're doing.
They're always the ones who are sending out their spies
because they're insecure, because they know what
there's a part of them that knows they've got
any idea what they're doing.
I would tell you right now, I'd look you in the eye
and tell you that Greg Mann is the luckiest white man
on the face of the earth.
Next to Bill Gates, Wayne Heisenga.
We've got him.
We've got him.
We say 9 and 11 is what they got you to do here.
Can't get any goblins that don't own party car to do here.
You believe in what they say like the gold.
Like the gold.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
That they you have.
All right.
156 at 560 WQ.
A man dog coming up next.
Humphorate 4.
I were a wind of a four to five hour.
I think you're pardoned.
Oh, and I thought you were that was a command.
Humphorate 4.
And then Humph him at 5.
The big.
Who's not going to kiss no last night.
He's going to rip everybody in ass in esponial.
The big.
Oh, it's seven or land.
Well, it's a query.
I noticed a man dog was calling me yesterday.
Was it the Joe somebody was calling me?
I think man dog.
Al so query.
8K at 10 and Joe and Mark overnight.
2 to 5 in the morning.
Here's a thanks from Tim and primitive pines.
We've got some suggestions for some good polls.
Thank you, Tim or one.
He says NBC 6 is having a wish female can make their lips the
Fattest War and only give poor Joe Blockhead 19th-Sex into the sports every night.
Thanks, Tim.
Good suggestion on the poll.
I'll keep it in my pile.
My poll pile.
I got a pile.
I got a pile of polls.
412 votes on the Neil and Mo reunion here.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Were you fudge packed?
Yeah.
WQA, hello.
One left.
WQA, I'm Ola.
I want to be a jog.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
I guess that's it for the day.
That's it.
The day of course not our show today.
That's it.
Screenless not a call on the board.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
We'll see if he gives a number slow enough.
That's it.
We've got two minutes.
I figured that was it.
Five sixty on the 18th.
Good.
Reach over here.
Turn off price.
I sure don't want to see him.
That's fascist bastard.
Hermon Gehring, Jr.
And then of course by the time you turn back, look at all the phone lines lighting up.
See?
Of course you know that all be really good.
Uh huh.
WQA, hello.
Yeah.
I got a knockback from Neil.
WQA, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
On behalf of all Jeff Fenns and New England Patriot Fenns everywhere, we're so happy.
That they want that is back again.
Exactly.
Well said.
We love it.
And uh as for Danny goes, good luck my friend.
But I see you back in the studio in about another year or two.
You won't be able to take it.
Okay, especially with Paulie.
Okay, see you.
It'll be a lot of pressure, a lot of gnashing a teeth.
But at least now they got another scapegoat.
See?
Sure.
Now that can be in your fog.
That's probably why Wantset went forward.
Although the funny part about Wantset, the unceremonious way, which I heard some people mention this this morning.
The unceremonious way in which Marina departed was a lot of hostility there.
In other words, there's no love lost between Wantset and Danny boy.
I say.
So that's a little on the peculiar side of who asked me, but nevertheless, maybe that'll be all the good more reason that Danny can come and say, well guess what Dave, I hate you like poison.
You're fired just before the season starts next year.
Make a lot of dolphin fans happy.
But this guy said it very well.
The Patriot fans in a word delighted they have Wantset come back again for another mediocre, I mean another great season next year.
For me, any?
413 votes.
What's your take on the Neil and Mo reunion that happened at a Q&A parker loft this morning, totally spontaneous after an explosive initial meeting in which we extend a few unpleasantries.
We finally sat down, had a long half hour chat.
Mended our fences.
Mended our ways.
And it was a beautiful thing almost.
I mean, not, you know, 413 votes.
What's your take?
I don't give a shmit 145.
I'm shocked, but this made 89.
They're pissed.
Who's Mo 80?
Greg reached it and done this a long time ago, 43.
Had his chance.
I'm shocked, but please 29.
It's bad for QM19.
It's great for QM8.
The great 8.
Here's somebody who's great for QM, the mad dog coming up next.
Bye, bye, bye!
Send you a Roger Show on my 16th on the QAM.
Miami for Lardale.
Beast didn't send me a New Year's card.
