So let's get me galley
I wonder how it sounds in hd tv digital, huh?
Friday you
bruh
Fuckin' his hate moor what I think he's past me like I was standing still
Great hate
Nice going, yo, you command great
Great hate
So hate
Great hate
I'm gonna get you
Yeah
I hope you enjoy it
People I hope you enjoy it
I said I'd love to go
Oh my daddy
He wants to meet
And you see I'm looking at
My mother he wants to meet
So I'm going to leave it
You can
Then one day I met him
I came from me
And said you've heard
It's hard work to do it
And I'm gonna find
But first take care of him
So now I hope you enjoy
When I get him
All right
In the store I hope you enjoy it
I hope you enjoy it
When I play video game
And at every 10 dollars in a coin
I hope you enjoy it
I hope you enjoy it
In time of peace
I hope you enjoy it
And then I hope you more
Daddy
He wants to meet
And you see I'm looking at
My mother he wants to meet
And you see I'm looking at
And I'm gonna meet
And you see I'm looking at
And say
More on
And I'm gonna find
But first take care of him
That's why I hope you enjoy it
And you see I'm looking
You enjoy it tonight
I hope you enjoy it
In the afternoon
It makes me feel all right
I hope you enjoy it
In time of peace
And doing time of war
I hope you enjoy it
People enjoy it
And then I hope you more
Oh, you enjoy it
That's what I do
Oh, you enjoy it
I hope you enjoy it
It makes me feel all right
And then I hope you enjoy it
I hope you enjoy it
Yeah, oh!
You enjoy it
I hope you enjoy it
To people I choose
You enjoy it
How about that I'm in the pymin how they got him cornered evidently, Alza Wahiri?
Yeah whatever they just like saying that over and over again that's doctor Alza Wahiri to you.
So take a look at this thanks to Alejandro and Miami and Diane and Kielargo and Tanya and
Coconut Creek the three latest software to people to sign these stop FCC dot competition.
Nice going guys.
57,868 signatures Scott Scott on their way we're going to close in.
We'll pass 60,000 over the weekend for sure.
Way past.
I think it was only about 43,000 when we first discovered this on Monday about new when
I called in right?
Something like that.
Was it Monday or Tuesday?
Yeah, Tuesday.
Yeah, we did that before.
So we're already almost up to 60,000.
The only problem is that there just are some people out there I don't want to mention any names who just aren't doing their job.
See the thing of it is clear channel isn't going to let any of their people go on the year and promote this thing because I just isn't in their best interest to
ruffle any more brothers with the FCC, especially since they get in find every day more finds today which we're getting to.
You know what I mean?
Oh, we're fine.
Yeah.
So we got 62 84 from Florida people who've signed a petition which is a far cry from the 1700 that were on there when we discovered this thing.
Past New York like they were standing still like somebody killed them all in New York.
4102 almost 2,200 signatures have New York stay with their 20 million people and with their big mouth on air personalities.
It's really it.
It's an embarrassment.
When you be embarrassed and humiliated and embarrassed and humiliated.
Nadine says I'm finally going through my recorded tapes to your show how precious they are to me now more than ever.
You got a Nadine you go girl.
Back in the day when we could actually say something.
I thanked you February 24th never really expecting for censorship to grip us so quickly.
Condoleezza and Kisea will soon be members of our free past.
Speak out people email the FCC and anybody who listen do what you still have your freedom and vote.
Neil I'd be lost without hearing you thank you your great motivator my friend and a true freight patriot love Nadine.
Yeah I love the Patriots.
How about those maple leaves?
Oh yeah, miracally.
How long was boy talk about just folding like an accordion right there at the end but hung on for dear life.
Nice going.
Now JJ Jackson is dead.
He died.
John JJ Jackson who in the 1980s helped us with the music video era as one of the first MTV honor personalities as Didey was 62.
Remember him?
He died.
Sure.
Jackson the longtime radio station disc jockey doubt have an apparent heart attack Wednesday while driving home from dinner in LA friends in a radio industry colleague said yesterday he was fat.
Probably had a big dinner probably put him right over the age and then he died.
Probably had a big heart.
I talked to him like two days ago JJ was in a great place at Mark Goodman longtime friend who also worked with Jackson as a VJ when MTV started in 1981.
It's incredible so incredibly said it happened like this.
He died?
In the statement MTV said Jackson's love of music and good humor helps set the tone for the cable music network in its formative years.
It's too bad the wrong Jackson died.
I can think of a couple of others people would be dancing in the streets if they died but it was the wrong Jackson who died.
You know what I'm thinking of?
Don't say it.
I'm going to keep it to yourself.
Now, are a B I don't know what the hell to do.
We got so much going on here again today but I'm going to be very mellow today.
I'm not going to get all whipped up like the last few days.
Not good for me.
No, no, it's not. It's not good for anybody just to refer to that.
Nothing new with my heart. My heart is good. I got a good squeeze.
Okay.
That's when my doctor, the Cleveland Clinic said my close personal friend and doc they said you got a good squeeze.
I said yes.
Yeah.
See, I can't even say what or nearly I would say there.
I can't say that.
Well, I don't know. I guess I could say squeeze this. I could say that. Good night.
Okay. We're not talking about what?
No, I just I well, that's why I looked about 20 seconds in there.
Squeeze this. I got a stress ball in squeezing right now.
Which of these words or sounds do you find most offensive?
We got El McPherson on there today. A great picture George if I do say so myself.
I search pain stakingly.
She will turn in 10 days from now. She'll turn 40 and you'd never know it.
No.
She'll turn some heads when they see that picture on there of El McPherson.
Behind the beaded curtain you must be 85 years old or above and you must run over one of your neighbors first before you look at it.
We'll get to that story too. That's tragic. That's pathetic.
It is so typically Florida.
Which of these words or sounds do you find most offensive?
Well, 76% said none of the above, which is those 76%. That's for you guys.
Okay.
And then another 24% almost a quarter. We have 2395 vote.
Holy moly, man. I guess I should wait a second. We can get 2400.
Let's listen to Roland Cole and Lysymor.
To redouble our efforts.
Okay, good.
Let me refresh it. You think we're going to give it to 2400?
What could?
Now I can't give it to pop up on there. So I've got only a few more people voted.
Let's get down.
And now 2401. See good.
76% 1825 said none of the above. I'm not offended by which it would seem to me.
And of course some of the words on there we we never used on this show.
But the reason that I took this poll if you weren't listening yesterday is that we got a,
I guess I better read it again.
See we make the mistake of assuming that people are listening like round the clock to this station
into this show four hours of everything. And they should be listening to the show.
And at the end of Joe Rosas show where he ripped the Moan ass, which I thought was fabulous.
Absolutely.
Nice going, Joe. You demand blockhead.
So yesterday we get this memo. And again, the circumstances surrounding the memo are so pathetic
because corporate, the beastly broadcast in corporations still has not supplied us.
This is, this is only in writing because I requested that it be given to us in writing
because I don't have the good of memory now. I remember the seven other words that we know from 30 years ago.
How many years ago?
About 30 men.
But these are additions as everybody in the radio industry is now peeing their pants.
I'm going to say that a lot while we still can say that, peeing their pants.
Okay. You said get it in there.
Peeing their pants. Now see how to say peeing their pants. Let's just say peeing.
I'll just talk about the initial.
We have been well because the problem with that is it could stand for some things on this list like the very first ones.
We've been informed from our corporate attorneys that in addition to the so-called seven dirty words,
the following words and sound effects are considered course language and are prohibited.
Now that's interesting course language.
Now listen to me. I'm trying to think where it was in the latest dictates from the FCC.
Not only in decent speech and obscene speech, but now course language.
Like that.
So, abrasive stuff.
I think that's why they probably had a fire, you know, who, for well, because that's right.
See, that was very poor.
He sounded like a course.
Right there.
All the time.
And you can't just can't do that.
No, gravel roads like us.
Anyway, they're considered course language and are prohibited.
I mean, I don't understand what that means.
Course language.
You know, say a little bit.
So we took a poll on this and we listed the words and also the fart noises, which I can say that.
We just can't play them anymore after all of it.
No, you know, I started using the A-hole word on I and Z.
Oh.
And we were playing that I 95 A-hole song in 1986.
That's 18 years ago.
Here we are 18 years later taking big gigantic steps back into the Stone Age.
It's really a scary.
18 years later.
Oh, can't say that.
Well, how come?
Well, we just decided because we said so.
Okay.
Anyway, so none of the above 1836, the TW word 202.
See, I'm not even going to risk saying the words fart sounds 96.
I don't believe that.
You think that there's any adult out there, anybody over the age of two that's offended by any of any age?
No.
You only time to be offended by a fart sound if it was like where you're standing in line at public or maybe in a crowded elevator.
Up to maybe on a bus, huh?
Like in your face.
Right.
Then you'd be offended or maybe like out of plane when one of those big fat Dutchmen is talking to his buddy and has been over with his big fat button your face and then all of a sudden well.
If it was on a plane, would it be a flying Dutchman?
Fart sounds 96.
Next time I'm going Dutch treat.
The PUS word 83.
Which again, I don't, I all depends on usage, but they say no, no, no, just okay.
The CO word 80.
The D-bag has got the...
The votes A whole 22.
S-bag 18.
The vice president's first name, Chinese first name 17.
The T word for boobs, little bitty booby 13.
The PR word for penis 12 and H on 4 out of 2413.
It's exercise so silly and so embarrassing and this is what America has become.
Your neighbors and friends and kids and relatives are dying in a war based on lies every single day they're innocent people dying.
How do you like to expect that $100 billion fighting terrorism as opposed to starting into legal war based on oil and the crap?
Are you starting to begin?
Yes.
The shares the war.
I'm just saying $100 billion but they're going a long way toward fighting terrorism and maybe capturing all these evil doers a long time ago as opposed to like now maybe having Alzwaheri.
That's Dr. Alzwaheri, a cornered maybe.
1013 at 560 WQAM your f***ing station.
Spring of the savings right now and save like never before on a new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
You'll find them on US1 not that far from you.
They're only 20 minutes off of the 836 and it's worth the drive because they're going to save thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out these great lease deals waiting for you right now.
An 04 camera or 4 runner for just $269 a month for 48 months.
How about an 04 highlander for just 309 a month?
Need a truck?
How about an 04 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America you pay only $179 a month for 48 months.
179 a month even George could squeeze that out.
These are just some of the savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead and now with the toll increases on the turnpike on people using cash.
Armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car or truck there too.
General manager David Richett and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today.
They'll cut you the experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference locally owned and operated.
There are committed to 100% customer satisfaction put in a smile on your puts.
Their service department is even open late till eight week nights to make sure your service work is done.
They're located at US1 and 2.93 in Homestead just 20 minutes south of the 0836.
So do yourself a humongous favor.
Don't waste your time with those big fat hot shot mega dealer or car giants who over promise to under deliver and then get you their viewership under false pretenses.
Don't do it.
Call David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead at 305 242 3247 305 242 3247.
Drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead.
We're sports waiting you five six.
You a.m.
No, you're a f**k.
This is Keith Jackson on special assignment at the MTV video music awards where hip hop rules and team pop divas permeate the landscape in their belly shirts and pelanza pants.
I spent the day with Marshall Mathers otherwise known as Reese's Peasies.
Look, oh man, I told you a million times.
M&M.
No thanks, young rafiola.
I'm diabetic, but appreciative of the offer.
So tell me ice.
What's it like to want to kill your mother?
Right now I'm just thinking about killing you.
You're a young, affable, Andy Williams like character.
The Anonie Christmas songs.
Oh, hold up on an answer there, Skittles.
It's Christina Mendy Aguilara Spears.
I'd recogognize her anywhere.
Excuse me, Brandy. Mind if I lick your navel.
You get away from me, you sicko.
Oh, Nelly, you're one hot chili pepper.
Be cool, Dalface.
Oops, you did it again.
You're breaking that face all over the place.
Oh, here comes a couple of large black men.
I think they're Wang Chun Klan.
A Klan man.
What the...
Oh, they're pointing something at me.
Yep, it looks like six heavy artillery machine guns.
How'd they get those past security?
Yeah!
This is Keith Jackson on Smash Bros. 5 Minute.
The album TV video is in the wall.
Oops, they shot me again!
It's 10-20 at 5-60.
It's a miracle that there's not one word new that we had to bleep.
Amazing, that's the one.
Let's start a new list.
Join the big O, Orlando Al Zagiri, the big O.
Noone to do today at Verizon Wireless and Boca on the corner of Glades Road and Lions Avenue in the summerside shops.
Right next to Will Chamberlains.
Join O!
For prizes and giveaways and to see the latest selected Verizon Wireless products.
This is not a promo.
This is a commercial.
Miguel.
Once again, that's Verizon Wireless, 8903 Glades Road and Boca.
He's starting to play that fast and loose crap again and I don't like it.
I'm getting really porked off with your good close personal friend.
He didn't know it.
Anyway, speaking of that, Elle McPherson, her picture is behind the beating curtain.
You must be at least 92 years old to see it and you must click on there.
And John Ascroft is monitoring you and he's going to make damn sure it.
So don't lie.
Eleanor Gao, that was her real name.
She was born March 29th, 1964 in Sydney, Australia.
Her original plan was to study pre-laughts in the University, but when the 18-year-old Six-foot Beauty was discovered in Aspen, Colorado,
she was immediately cited a click-modeling agency.
She soon became a staple of Elle Magazine posing for the magazine for six years.
While her talent as a model was undeniable, her marriage to the fashion magazine's creative director, Jill's Benzimon,
further secured a relationship with the magazine.
She ventured into the world of exercise videos, motivating and teaching people how to stay fit, hopefully,
and end up with a body like hers, probably something every woman would love.
She showed off her body on the cover of the much-covid-ed sports-illustated swimsuit issue in 94 with models Kathy Arland and Rachel Hunter,
who we just were talking about yesterday.
How do you like that?
Having already achieved supermodel status, Elle knew that the glamorous modeling industry has high turnover,
so she set her sights on other projects.
Since the crossover from modeling to acting as a popular and usually unsuccessful one, Elle decided to perform in front of film cameras.
She appeared in 1990 in Woody Allen Film, Alice, but the part required nothing more than a walk-by.
She just walked on by.
Still, that was a start.
In 94, the body was required to gain 20 pounds for her mid-year role in sirens co-starring the Unchist Hugh Grant,
the obnoxious Hugh Grant.
In 1996, she appeared in a remake of Jane Eyre and starred opposite Ben Stiller in the comedy If Lucy Fell,
that year she appeared in the Mirror-Hast Two Faces with Barbara Streison and Jeff Bridges.
On goes, it better be, but a moop.
Signed with Mirror-Max, the leaky model actress was the object of Batman's affection in 1997's Batman and Robin and Co-starred with Anthony Hopkins and Alex Baldwin in The Edge.
She was recently lashing on the sitcom Friends and the Recurring Roll of Joey's New Roommate.
As for her personal life, she and Gilles Benzaman got divorced and she since had two ex-fiance,
Eric Miller and Tim Jeffries, as they did Sean Penn.
Oh, she's now with a long-time companion Swiss financier, Arpaad Arkey-Busson, care father of her son, Flynn.
How do you like that? She's got some kids.
But you never know it.
Here's one of the great stories of all time.
So this is South Florida.
Well, I mean, before I do that, this one.
Statesboro, Georgia.
A couple who got into a dispute over a theological point after watching the passion of the Christ were arrested after the argument turned violent.
Of course.
Statesboro, Georgia, I've been there.
They have the Statesboro diner.
Why was I there, I'm trying to think.
I want Spark-Hast a ball game there, something like that, I think so.
Do they got fried grains, mightors?
They got some non-good stuff.
The hip.
The two left the movie theater debating whether God the Father and the Holy Trinity was human or symbolic and the argument heated up when they got home.
Melissa Davidson said it was the dumbest thing we've ever done.
She said Melissa 34 and her husband Sean 33 were charged with simple battery march 11th after the two called police on each other.
They were released on $1,000 bail.
She didn't know he did it. They done it.
According to a police report, Melissa Davidson suffered injuries on her arm and face while her husband had a scissor stab wound on his hand and his shirt was ripped off.
He also allegedly punched a hole in the wall.
Really it was kind of a pitiful thing to go to a movie like that and fight about it.
I think they missed the points, Eugene McDaniel, the chief sheriff's deputy. They missed the point.
No, I think they got it.
No.
I think they made it.
Men, you are brothers.
Why do you wrong one another?
See?
But he who did his neighbor wrong pushed him away saying, who made you a ruler and judge over us?
Yeah, who died and gave you the right?
Now here's the beautiful soft-throat story. This is definitive. Make no mistake about it.
Coral Geibels, a place where very rarely does anything good happen.
A 74-year-old woman accidentally ran over her friend killing her outside of driver's license office. They had just left.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Maria Herrera started her van and put it in reverse when she noticed that her friend, 70-70-year-old Estelisi, Rodriguez,
was struggling with a van doored because he got jammed on the root of a tree police said.
Herrera got out of the van to help her friend with the door, but when she lifted her foot off the brake, the van,
which was still in reverse, rolled backward.
Rodriguez was knocked at the pavement and the front tire ran over her lower body said Coral Geibels police officer Martin Baderos.
Coral Geibels rescue workers rushed Rodriguez to Jackson Memorial where she was pronounced dead yesterday.
This is a horrible, horrible tragedy. Baderos said.
It was unclear why the women were at the Department of Motor Vehicles or office, but they may have been renewing a license.
Rodriguez's license was due to expire in 43 days. Herrera has a valid driver's license according to records.
Baderos said any charges against Herrera would depend on the outcome of the department's traffic homicide.
That's the case.
Wow.
How would you have to be the stop-driving authority?
I think that's 130.
You got to get the Alzawa-Hiri, a surrounded supposedly.
That's Dr. Iman the Pymon, Alzawa-Hiri.
My feeling about that whole deal is let us know when something happens.
Let us know when you got him or who you got or what it's all about and about Osama's kidney, etc.
Here's our poll question today.
Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated, mostly hype?
Kind of a state of mind thing.
It doesn't live up to expectations.
Here's our short list so far. We got four on there.
Howard Stern, the Rascal House, Niagara Falls, and Walmart.
Now is that a disparate list or what?
See, I like this poll because it's all over the place.
You can put a whole bunch of different stuff on here.
Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most overrated, mostly hype?
Howard Spurm, Rascal House, Niagara Falls, or Walmart?
I got one.
Yeah, Joe Stone grabs.
Joe Stone grabs is excellent.
But if you smear the Almey Tuni, he'll get you in.
I smear the Almey Tuni, it didn't work.
Joe Stone grabs.
I wouldn't go there if they paid me if they gave me $100 to go in there.
No, you can't say that!
See, we have a lot of people on this radio station who are just obsessed with that place
because they get wind and dine and treated like an hour and that's fine, you know.
But Stone grabs, I've been told to stay away from crabs myself.
1027 at 5, or can't say that, 1027 at 560 QAM.
My name is Paul.
This is 420 of my sister.
QAM.
I will lie across the country.
I'm stuck to see, no gifts and splints.
In a bottle of water, we see, we will fell asleep.
I keep the cell and didn't want to find us in.
And no business, no one to lose strength.
Not one has to be chased.
No girls will wear a lace.
No fake robbers, no special off-bests.
But people born into them on this land.
Damn it!
The freaking box of this record.
I'll across the USA.
In a Jackson's room, it was a hit and then it's roomy, but cashier still gets water the ring.
Jesus Christ!
One has to be chased.
No girls will wear a lace.
No fake robbers, no special off-bests.
But people born into them on this land.
1033 at 560, W.M.
Jury and Padea springs one of our best and most chronic facts, who's just out of control lately.
Whipped up into a frenzy says,
I know you have many resources for interesting articles, but I think you may have missed this one.
It's in the new Rolling Stone magazine called Bush's Bagman.
I didn't know he had any bagman.
A lot of bagmen.
It lists all of the large power brokers that have been raising money for GW.
Oh, and I should say it should say W's Bagman.
We can't say Bush anymore.
Correct.
The article also explains the appropriations gains in their religious affiliations.
I'm not going to type in the URL link.
You can just google RollingStone.com, click on the article.
We actually have a link to RollingStone.com. I'm pretty sure it only.
I don't really do.
Yeah.
It says, I don't know Neil.
I think we're surrounded at the time to circle away against Jury.
He's getting a little bit carried away.
Okay, it's a bad.
And of course you're there and I'm here.
But now here's somebody out there with a great sense of humor.
Well, I think we could probably play like a couple of seconds.
Hi.
This is Jocelyn Elders.
That's it.
That's it.
Well, we can play that much.
Yeah.
Do you think you can play Jocelyn Elders' Demonstration?
But here's the answer to keep it straight forward.
It says, after the FCC monitoring of that bit, the list of bandwords will be amended.
That's right.
There will be a lot of more words and a lot more phrases.
And I don't think can we say pickle anymore?
No.
No.
No.
Let's just back off a little bit.
Ezo.
See?
You just drop one in every now and then real.
And then maybe a little bit later you can drop it about.
You turn.
See?
Like that.
You definitely don't want to do that.
You turn.
All together because that's bad.
So it indicates bad intent on your part.
Yeah, you're dwelling.
Exactly.
In fact, they'll take away your dwelling.
Yeah, they will.
Maybe even burn it down, like your daughter tried to.
St. Petersburg rock bands can scream and strut along the downtown waterfront for another month.
After that, they better watch their mouth through it's going to cost them.
More the same.
This is in St. Tweet.
A mid-growing concerns about loud music and profanity.
The city wants promoters to pay $500 for each vulgarity ordered on stage.
Now I'm kind of the first thing that comes to my mind is what about if it's a hip-hop group or you know other groups,
but hip-hop especially, and there are many vulgarities in a song they be singing.
Right.
It's going to be awfully costly.
And it even says here for sub-bands that could get expensive.
And some might have trouble just mentioning their names.
Right.
Constant vulgarity is not going to be tolerated to Councilmember Bill Foster.
Hewitt.
We can't be the morality police and we can't be the constant saviors of the first amendment,
but we can dictate what goes on in our public parks.
Vinoy and Straub Parks, as that Vinoy I guess it is, have been popular concert venues for decades,
but as the number of downtown residents has grown to past 10 years over the complaints,
the issue boiled over in October after, and especially profane performance by the rapper 50 cent,
the city council decided to take action.
This said we wouldn't give you even 30 minutes.
And for him.
Now they plan to ask each promoter to put up a $10,000 cash bond for each concert at the city park,
a $500 fine would be levied for each profanity without only covers 20 of them.
If the fines exceeded 10 grand, the city would pull the plug into promoter to be banned
from holding another event for 18 months.
Local promoters are already groaning.
Well, like that.
Oh, I'm speaking of, well, Niagara Falls spelled without one few A's in there.
Get the spell on right A.
You see the way it's spelled on there?
Yeah.
Niagara.
Get with it.
Who's in there?
Is that Josh's battery and Eric do that?
Who does?
Josh.
Tommy?
Eric then because that was on the original list.
Howard Stern's got 20.
Which of these people, places or businesses you think is the most overrated, mostly hype?
We got some votes on here.
48 Howard Stern's got 20.
Joe Stone, Crap 13, Walmart 7.
Rascal House 5.
Niagara Falls spelled badly 3.
The Outback Steak, how somebody else said, where'd that come from?
Facts?
Oh, facts that you just don't have any votes yet, though.
Anyway, getting back to St. Pete.
Local promoters are groaning and moaning.
I can't tell 50 cent.
Mr. 50 cent, not to say the F word, said Dave Hummley, owner of the state theater in downtown
St. Pete.
I don't have any control about an artist who's going to do on stage.
They're talking to the audience.
Hummley said the policy will cut down on a variety of concerts held in St. Petersburg.
It also could discourage national promoters from considering the cities of venue.
He said, I don't know why they'd go there anywhere.
There's nobody under the age of 100 in St. Pete.
The grandparents of the people in sunrise all live in St. Petersburg.
The van's warp tour schedule appear in Finoid Partial I-30th is almost certain to back up a heavy penalty for promoter John Claude Baziak.
One of the tourist featured acts is called the F-Ops.
Another performer guttermouth has a song called, Cramming Up Your F**k Begins With an A.
Well, we can say, ass.
Of course, not all bans use profanity, but it's hard to tell what performer might do in the heat of a performance.
I don't know if Neil Diamond is simply going to say F-Hundley said that penalize the promoter is a really, really backward way to do what they're trying to accomplish.
The City Council still has some details to serve out before it considers the proposal in its April 1 meeting.
No fooling.
What words will be considered?
Oh, see, here we go.
What words will be considered profane?
And who will keep track of the vulgarities out of down stage?
Oh, this is great.
They're going to have a bad word counter.
Obviously, it said Chief Assistant City Attorney Mark Wynn, there are some constitutional issues regarding the First Amendment.
Ah, forget about that.
Here's the First Amendment.
That's it.
Parade that baby up.
Constitution?
Yeah.
Let's tear that piece of crap up.
Here's a little bit of refreshing news from an Andrithal Place.
New finds by the FCC, by the way, we're getting all of that stuff.
Got a whole plate.
In fact, if you eat this whole plate, you might get wild diarrhea.
Can we still say that?
No.
You might get wild ****.
The runs.
Tennessee County beats hasty retreat from call to ban homosexuals.
The county that was the site of the Scopes Mucky trial over the teaching revolution yesterday reversed its call to ban homosexuals.
Oi!
Rhea County commissioners took about three minutes to retreat from a request to a men's state law so the county can charge homosexuals with crimes against nature.
The Tuesday measure had passed eight to zip.
Eight to...
Oh!
County Attorney Gary Fritz said the initial vote triggered a wildfire of reaction.
I've never seen nothing like this, he said yesterday.
I've never seen nothing like it.
You ain't seen nothing like it?
Nope.
But Fritz said it was all misunderstanding anyway.
They wanted to send a message to our state representative and senator that Rhea County supports the ban on same-sex marriage, he said.
Same-sex marriage is what it was all about.
It was to stop people from coming here getting married and living in Rhea County.
Oh, now that's where everybody's thinking to go in anyway.
Aren't they Rhea County Tennessee?
Oh, I goodness, who wouldn't want to go there?
Now, not that the issue of banning homosexuals didn't arise.
I'm not saying it wasn't discussed, Fritz said.
Sometimes he had five or six people talking.
Fritz said he advised the commissioners they cannot ban homosexuals or make them subcriminal charges.
The US Supreme Court in 2000 struck down the Texas Sodomy laws as a violation of adults' privacy.
Fritz said he don't think the issue will come up again.
I think they got all the publicity they need about it, he said.
All the commissioners declined to comment yesterday.
Social worker Esther Jackson, 24, one of 300 people attending his today's meeting.
He held a sign reading, read a love, not hate.
It's just ignorance is all she said at Tuesday's vote.
But 12-year-old Caitlin Kinney, attending the meeting with her mother,
said she supported the commissioners initial vote.
I think they should go further, try to see if they can ban them.
She said it's not a creative thing.
The politically conservative county holds an annual festival commemorating the 1925 trial,
at which high school teacher John T. Scopes was convicted of teaching evolution.
The verdict was reversed on technicality and the trial became the subject of the play in the movie,
and her at the end.
Rhea Tennessee, let's go to Rhea, and we'll all get married the whole human race.
My life, local, we are sports radio 560s, you and UAM.
My guest tonight is the rare person who wouldn't have to change her name if she became a porn star.
Jewels here.
Where's the weirdest place you've ever had sex?
I love sex.
Really?
Oh, I love it.
Listen, you practice everyday?
Where do you fall? Are you good at it?
Yes.
Yes, sure.
I'm so good at it now.
Can you show me?
I'm here.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
So, not you guys.
Are you alright?
I think it's off?
No.
You should have sex in as many places as possible.
I just said, you're not everybody.
I mean, you're not.
And of course there's a line that goes there, but we're not going to be doing it no more.
Are we 1046 at 560?
I have no idea why I played that other than it did mention sex and I can play it.
Wasn't that great?
It was phenomenal.
And Carson Daly was in there one of our very least favorite rights.
Okay, let's get to more names and places and things for this poll today.
We'll get a lot more votes if we had some other choices on there.
We're dealing around.
We'll get to the latest finds against Stern and this one and that one in Bono.
Although Bono's not actually getting fined.
He was cited.
Where?
We'll get to that.
He was cited like outside the studio waiting to get in.
Which of these people places or businesses you think is most overrated, mostly hype?
56670560?
Pound 560 on the AT&T and for Ryan Somar, this line.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Have a suggestion for your poll.
Yes, sir.
How about Christianity or religion?
People, places or businesses.
I don't think so.
You think Christianity is a people place or business?
Well, it is a business, but they're not the kind of business we're talking about.
No.
So we're one for one.
Okay.
You said that this morning.
You must have been a psychic premonition.
Oh, yeah, psychic.
It always happens.
No matter what the poll is, they're always just that segment of the audience out there that just...
They don't get it.
Nobody would ask a question.
They have their own agenda.
Hey, that's a good idea.
Amy will do that on Monday.
Amy will just say today's poll is...
Call him now and put something on there.
Fish.
I think that's a great idea.
I said just fish.
That's because he said Christianity even it's Friday.
All right.
Plenty of seed.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Smith and Mollensky.
What was it?
Smith and Mollensky.
Smith and Mollensky.
Oh, excellent choice, man.
Thank you.
I have a question for us.
Okay.
Smith and Mollensky.
567056, he ran a bank connection on there.
I'm sure I didn't hear what he said there at the end.
WQAM, hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing this morning?
Pretty good.
Can I suggest Jimmy Buffett for your poll play?
Jimmy Buffett is a fabulous choice.
Well, now we're going.
Any of that nonsense.
He makes me sick to my stomach.
Me too, buddy.
Okay.
If he could find paradise, I wish he'd take his cheeseburg and go there and eat it and not come back.
That's a redneck thing, man.
Jimmy Buffett is a soft fooder.
He's redneck, yahoo.
Da da da da da da, oh, he just, oh, he gives me the willies.
Plus, he's a real homophobic jackass, too.
Yeah, I can't say I can say jackass for the.
Now what if all happened if you were walking along and you and your jackass fell in a hole?
Will that make it a jackass pit pit.
So we got synonymous, baby.
Nanna, just watch yourself now.
I'm watching them.
Oh, my implantation's got a fabulous choice here.
Chuckie cheese.
Yeah.
Man, that's why they say take the kids there because anybody who's developed a taste button goes there will just pupe their guts out.
I put it for, I mean, especially with that plastic cheese on the pie.
I always like a pizza pie with ice, coating a plastic cheese on it.
Well, that's why they serve beer and wine.
It's kind of like that plastic turkey that the L presented at W took to Iraq.
Don't talk about it the way I said W.
Anyway, so thanks to my implantation overrated Outback Steakhouse's DP.
That's already on there.
It'll get some votes.
Why do they say that?
I do like the, the blooming onions.
I like them, but that's their opinion.
I think they're pretty good at the Outback, but I know many people who despise it like poison.
I'm really sure why.
I like the walk about soup.
I love the walk about soup.
Right.
Man, that'll give you a good heart attack real quick, but it's delicious.
Join George.
What, what, what is this?
Join George Rodriguez in the Royal Roger show.
Why don't I get to do that?
Like we don't know who you are.
Scott wrote it.
Scott wrote it.
Retarded Scott.
How come he's still there?
What does he do?
All kinds of things.
All the time.
All of these things.
Join George tomorrow, 11 a 1 at the Fort of Pompo.
No, look, he's doing something now.
I bet he is.
Tom to get his finger out of there.
1,000 North Federal Highway in Pompo to reach a half mile north of a 90-poelvar in the corner of 10th and US 1.
10th what?
10th street, 10th Avenue, 10th, 10th, 10 degrees of separation.
Like Scott, 10th of a brain.
There'll be prizes, giveaways and sandwiches courtesy of Atlantic City Sub's and our close-grilled friend, Ira.
That's four to Pompo to tomorrow with George, loving one.
Federal Highway in Pompo, peace.
Does this say anything about, yeah, giveaways?
Yeah, giveaways.
Yeah, we'll give something away.
Yeah, we'll give something.
We'll give you a piece of our mind.
How do you like that?
We've got a new and improved wheel.
It's quieter.
And you can spin the wheel.
And all the pegs are in it.
123 votes on a pool.
We'll get there.
We're going to get this Paul Rollin.
Which of these people, places or businesses you think is the most overrated, mostly hype?
Joe Stonecraft, 39.
Fabulous choice.
Howard Spurm, 33.
Come on, Howie.
Get off your ego trip and get those people signed in those petitioning jackass.
He really crossed my ass to Salively.
Walmart 21, Rascal House 13, the Outback 13, Niagara Falls 4, and Jimmy Buffett and Smith
and Walonski used to wait for their first gold, but they'll get some.
Guadaneteed.
WDQ, aim, hello.
Hey, I got a suggestion for your poll.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you need to list these separate or together because they're basically the same place,
but Planet Hollywood and Hard Rock Cafe.
I was Planet Hollywood still open?
Yeah.
Sure they are.
Oh boy.
They've got one out in Las Vegas out at that forum shop.
Right.
Yeah.
Okay, Planet Hollywood and Hard Rock Cafe.
Yeah, basically just, you know, same food you can get anywhere else at twice the price.
Okay, I'm amazed that Planet Hollywood is still open.
That's a shocker.
Yeah.
Thanks, pal.
All right.
See ya.
Fiesick now.
Can we still do that?
So far.
So we can still say you're turd.
We can still do that.
We can even do that.
We can still say God damn.
Right.
But that's it.
Maybe a little of this.
And we can still do that much of that.
Maybe some of them.
Oh no.
We certainly can't do.
Squirt, Squirt, that.
WDQ, aim, hello.
Yeah.
Can I talk to you, Neil?
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Hey, Neil.
I have got something for you, Paul.
Okay.
I don't know the scene so obvious to me.
Am I any golfers?
People, places or businesses.
I would say no.
I mean, it is a business just like religions of business,
but it's a stretch.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a stretch.
In addition to what I would like to just be the one show that we don't discuss the dolphins on.
I am so sick and tired.
Oh, thank you.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
I'm so sick.
That's a shot.
Sorry Jay, but you're highly overrated Jay.
How can he still be on the team?
That's the thing that I just, I don't understand.
Maybe Josh can explain that to us.
So now I'm going back on my word.
We're talking dolphin talk.
No way.
Well, hey, I got a great idea that could save our listeners a tremendous amount of grief and
aggravation and might improve our ratings all around the rest of the day on QAM.
Okay.
Since they're banning everything, how about banning dolphin talk?
A wrap.
Or at least until the exhibition season starts, huh?
And now the rest of the station, at least until a big draft Saturday in April, whatever
the hell it's coming.
Wow.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Pretty good.
I got an idea for you Paul.
Okay.
Anything related to Disney?
Disney certainly is a business.
Yes, it is.
It's bad.
Overrated.
Okay, thanks, Paulie.
See you.
Okay, like Disney.
Yeah, he's a, huh?
Disney.
Disney.
Right.
Right.
Crapie toys.
Now you do like Disney world though.
It's overrated.
And the food there is, oh, highly overrated.
And if you don't want to eat there.
Right.
Now that's a good one.
Never get many, many votes.
In fact, most of the stockholders will probably be voting on that.
5, 6, 7, oh, there's a picture of the White House.
What's that all about?
Oh, geez.
Ready?
They just want the commercial break so it can have anything to important.
Holy cow.
WQAM, hello.
Not there online one.
QAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Buenos dias.
South Beach, sucks.
South Beach is a place.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
Thank you.
Highly, highly, highly overrated.
Highly salicy.
Joe Stone, crab and Howard Stern are tied at 43.
Maybe how we can eat there one day.
Huh?
And maybe we can have a good one talking to him to get off his ego trip
and start promoting stopfcc.com and get on for the whole industry.
And not just because it's not just about him.
He don't get it.
And either do his sickle fans.
Walmart 23, outback 17, rash gloves 14, Niagara Falls 5.
Notice how I said that?
Niagara Falls 5.
Don't go there, by the way, for your honeymoon or any other purpose.
Wow.
What if I want to do that, you know, fall, dive in business?
Tourist trap.
That's all it is.
Tourist trap.
Hard rock cafe 2.
Jimmy Buffett 2.
Smith and Mullenski 2.
Chuckie Cheese 2.
Planet Hollywood 2.
None yet for Disney or South Beach.
Fog guarantee I bet you George's life on it.
My life and local who smokes this 4.
20 or 5.
6.
You ain't too a head.
Two thanks for orgasms.
I fake for a play.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich
And they're the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number, how many teams in the league?
I am the Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
Yeah!
You're right!
The dolphins have faith, feed her
That quarter backs at you
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you
Oy'll never win
A super bowl you shouldn't be surprised
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised
In there the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number, how many teams in the league?
Daddy too!
Miami Dolphins!
Miami Dolphins!
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew!
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
The dolphins have no defense, and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on high-zinga,
they'll always be facing their best.
Miami Dolphins!
Miami Dolphins!
Miami Dolphins number, oh what the hell, 32!
I'm turning!
Miami Dolphins!
Miami Dolphins!
Miami Dolphins!
Now they're through!
How sad, you know what?
How sad I'm sitting here in all of a sudden like,
and I got a reach over and, did you hit it too?
No.
I did when he said 50,000 A-hole sitting in the stands.
I knew you would.
Larry King, somebody suggest?
Bommi $50.
Larry King's an excellent choice, highly overrated,
snapping him suspenders, tossing him marshmallows,
last night he had the Tammy Faeon,
who's been diagnosed with the inoperable lung cancer.
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
Tammy Fae, who of course we like for only one reason,
the needy-yes is sick, and he's health-badly.
Probably spoke the greatest, the greatest truth
in the history of the human race, didn't even realize
he was doing it.
You want to kill me as you did the Egyptian yesterday?
Sure, why not?
5,6,7,0,5,60,
pound 5,60 on the 18th T-line,
let's get to the latest FCC business.
Let's see, Planet Hollywood, still open in Disney,
overrated Alex Penelas.
Alex...
P-Pakania.
You know, it really is so ridiculous.
We can't say anything when you come right down to it.
So let's just start.
I mean, I was thinking, I'm playing that dolphin song,
I'm thinking about KJ at least,
I like Bokka Bryant, who's a potty mouth.
KJ, we don't usually have to worry about him.
He's just very, very clean guy.
And then he throws in there the...
...coals and I'm...
Oh, and all of a sudden I'm reaching
and I'm dumping and thumping and...
God, very...
It's pathetic.
I'm going to think very seriously over the weekend
about a music show.
Yeah.
Because in rereading my contract several times.
About 30 minutes.
I didn't say anything about doing a talk show
or the content of the program.
It just says the near-round you show,
four hours every day.
And that's it.
Oh, just the kind of music.
What was it safe?
Right.
No one can have a problem with this candy.
Jesus loves them little children.
All the time.
You betcha.
Or maybe something a little bit more lively.
Oh, right.
Oh!
I'm just saying something in some language.
I'm sure I still have.
I bet you're pun.
They're saying something in some language.
Are they?
Aren't they?
Chanting something?
And then of course there's always...
Oh, my shirt starts out slowly, doesn't it?
We are low.
Doctor, the man!
One young is so lonely, it's no longer that you're ever too...
I think I'm going to watch that again.
In fact, I think between now and two I'd have almost enough time to see that movie again.
Ignore you.
Love it.
Play the audio.
Federal regulators continue their crackdown in decency yesterday, issuing a fine for broadcast
of the Howard Stern Radio Show, and ruling that an expletive uttered by Roxinger Bono
on NBC violated broadcast standards.
Now it's interesting how radio continues taking it up the old record shoot.
Even here in Canada, the CRTC, which is equivalent to the FCC, man, they...
Stern was on in Toronto and Montreal for a while and long gone.
This show, and its old form, would have lasted 15 minutes in Canada.
But on TV, totally separate standard.
Like I told you, they have the Ozzy Osborne show.
No bleeps.
Every word that's ever been invented.
You can turn on the CTV right over the air.
And they have all kinds of shows with...
Every word has been invented and something I've never heard of, eh?
So radio always takes the shot, but TV they can do whatever they want.
Anyway, the FCC proposed fighting infinity broadcasting, the maximum $27,500 for Stern broadcast,
and WKRK FM in Detroit.
The FCC also overruled its own staff, and said that Bono's expletive during the 2003 Golden Globe Awards
program was in decent and profane, but issued no fine.
FCC Chairman Michael Powell had asked his fellow commissioners to overturn the FCC enforcement bureau's finding, and they did.
They go step the long.
The FCC also proposed finding a subsidiary of Clear Channel Communications 55 grand for a broadcast on two Florida radio stations
where the host conducted an interview with a couple allegedly having sex.
It's really amazing to me, but John Hogan, you have a little bit of a problem there in Clear Channel.
Because it seems to be about 80-90% of the fines that are being meted out lately are the Clear Channel stations.
WABW and Ford Pierce and WCCR in Viral Beach.
Clear Channel stations.
The fines are the latest in the stepped-up campaign by the FCC to crack down on indecency.
Critics have said the commission failed to aggressively enforce rules, leading to a coarsening of the airways.
Oh, that takes us back to... yeah, see what goes around comes around.
Course language.
Course.
Of course.
Federal law bars radio stations head over the RTV channels from airing references to sexual and excretory functions between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m.
when children may be tuning in.
The children.
The rules do not apply to cable and satellite channels or satellite radio.
Yet.
The FCC received hundreds of complaints about the Golden Globe broadcast after Bono, the lead singer of the Irish rock group, U2, said,
this is really, really effing brilliant.
The enforcement bureau said last October that Bono's comment was not in decent or obscene because he didn't use the word to describe a sexual act.
The performer used the word as an adjective or explodive to emphasize an explanation the bureau said, but Michael Powell said,
not good enough, you will come down on him.
To afford to repeat incident, NBC aired this year's Golden Globe broadcast on 10 Second Delay and ABC did the same with its telecast to the Academy Awards show.
I say maybe about a 10-day delay so the government censors can really go over everything with a fine-toothed comb.
Right?
Sure.
Good idea.
Infinities WLLD in Tampa gets a slap of 7 grand from the FCC.
They're just fine and...
Oh, we're fine.
Crazy.
The CHR rhythmic rea...
What?
Received the fine for airing what the commission found to be offensive references to oral sex.
Now, I want you people out there to stop and think about the star report when Bubba and Monica were doing their little...
Oh, my goodness.
They made oral sex like household a language.
They made a f*** job like...
It's common even little girls in school were like checking that out.
Oral sex.
As well as other objectionable material during a live broadcast of the last damn show, a hip-hop concert.
Infinity argued about the nature of the material as well as the constitutionality of the FCC's and decency standards, but those arguments fell on death ears at the commission.
What a surprise!
Commissioner Michael Cox descended to the affirmed fine and grumbled about how the FCC carries out its statutory enforcement responsibilities.
The concert aired in September 99 and a notice of apparent liability wasn't sent to WLLD until December of 2000.
A fourth of its order wasn't released until March 2001 and then it took another one and a half years to address infinity's reconsideration petition.
The commission is finally addressing this case four and a half years after this program was broadcast, Cox said adding...
When this agency finally acts, the penalties and imposes are woefully inadequate.
Did not I tell you he makes Michael policy like a good guy?
This Michael Cox, he's a lunatic.
The vulgar and explicit nature of the indecency and profanity that was broadcast gives the FCC the obligation to take serious action.
Instead the majority upholds the finest seven grand.
Such a fine doesn't even rise to the cost of doing business for this multi-billion dollar conglomerate, meaning infinity.
And I just got a lot more including Tom Jekyll's column.
All kinds of good stuff. Lots of crap is the crap just continues. There's no end to it.
Probably it's after 11 at 5.60 WQIM. Who's leading on our overrated pool?
I'm Howard Sperm.
56. Joe Stone, crap 54. Walmart 27. Outback Steakhouse 21. The Rascal House.
17. South Beach 13. Disney 10. Hard Rock Cafe 9. Planet Hollywood 5. Niagara Falls 5. Jimmy Buffett 5.
He's still eating his cheeseburger, Cheeburger. Smith and Walonsky 4. Larry King 4. Chuck E. Cheese 2. Alex Perkaine 2.
And Tammy Fader don't have any. Tammy Faze on there. She just was diagnosed with lung cancer and you put in Tammy Fandipole?
I didn't put her on there.
Well get that off of there. Who did that? Josh?
You heard just say your name.
What I'm going to do is we're going to get the phone book in the other room. I'm just going to read a bunch of names.
All of them will be on the pool. Just facts the pages.
Because all I have to do is just, you know, mention a name. And no matter who's sitting in there.
Oh, I don't want to miss that. Maybe you can get it on there.
How about Ish Cabbibble?
11.13 at 5.60 WQM have been telling you for years why you'll be ought to be doing the smart thing when you buy a mattress called 1.800 mattress for dial amatric.
Here are some more reasons why you should do that.
Dial amatric backs up everything they see in advertising 100% but their competitors still use many false and deceptive claims.
When you see a mattress that making outrageous claims our advice is, we define print.
There are lots of lies waiting for you out there. Here's an example.
Big ads that scream free frame, free setup, free removal.
And then the tiny print underneath says it only applies to luxury models or you have to live so close to the story of being a neighbor for delivery or if there's something you don't need like a frame.
And guess what? Most people don't need a frame and the store won't apply the credit to something else instead.
It seems like there's always some reason why the promotion doesn't apply to whatever you'd be buying.
At dial amatric, no BS, no tiny print and there ads, no disclaimers every dial amatric delivery includes free setup and free delivery.
Whether it's a top of the line set, a twin mattress for a bunk bed or anything in between.
And dial amatric delivery terms apply wherever you live, too. No exceptions.
From candle to steward, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, dial amatric reminds you to read that fine print too because they much didn't know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them.
So what are you waiting for? Do the smart thing like I've been doing for years when you need a mattress.
Make one simple call, they'll be there knocking on your door no time at all. Call 1-800-MACRUS or log on to mattress.com.
1-800-MACRUS, the honest way to get you a great new bed.
My, my, and local. This is sports radio 560.
Way to A.M.
Florida sucks!
The next beer factor holds some entertainment approved by the FCC Seal of Good White Housekeeping.
We locked FCC chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of boo.
See this mic? This is a boom, micie. A boom. Stop it. Stop this filter. I'll find you.
See this one? See this one here, micie? It's a bumper sticker for the fight against breast cancer.
It will be away from me. Love you little Cissy. Here's my breast.
Beer factor with Michael Powell. Bust CTV for the minds of ignorant little babies.
Routing you by direct TV. Now with over 200 channels of garbage and sh**.
1118-560-WDQ, I'm happy Friday to you. What about Rick Sanchez is John in the Columbia South Carolina? That's a good choice.
State of mind. That's what MSNBC found out.
I'll take it when you get blown off MSNBC then you'll know. That's real. That's real. He'll tell you.
What is this other thing that you just sent me the rescuing knowledge? What is this?
It's a thing that's gotten knowledge stuff. It's a database thing. I don't know.
I can't even read what it says though. The MHD1.
The memory hole is that what that says? Oh, something like that. It's a bad, bad facts. Anyway, thanks.
How about base side and Florida? Also says Florida sucks.
Base side and Florida. Florida is a place last time I checked.
Here's another one. Carabas, attack and grill. Is that one of our sponsors?
I don't know. Never heard of it. I don't let's not put that on there.
You don't want to be putting any sponsors on there. I think the Outback's a sponsor too, but that's another story. Probably Joe's.
Well, whatever. And maybe even a rational house. Too bad.
That's what Steve says. Also, word that people mispronounce is Washington.
Well, how were getting back to that? And that's that wasn't the deal.
Okay. On that pool. And any rate.
Joe Stone grabs it says here is the epitome of overrated state of mind is the perfect term to describe it.
It's so sad when I see all those people lining up just to get the vums rushed when they find to get a table.
They gladly go along with it like the people running the restaurant could treat them 10 times worse.
They would still love it like the W people say I can't say Bush like the Bush people are ready to drink the coolated at a moment's notice.
Speaking of coolated drinkers rumor has it that Phil Henry is ballooned almost 300 pounds.
Now he looks and sounds like Lardas. Are you sure that's what they say?
I don't like that. What's that all about?
I'm trying to think back to the IOD days was filled. I don't think it was ever felt.
Yeah, I got your bell a little bit of a belly, but he was like a big fat guy. He's ballooned almost 300 pounds.
Wow. I think somebody's punishing him.
Yeah. Good. Home cook and he's taking advantage of now.
Oh, here's the facts from Ray that goes along with that memory hole thing.
It says I found this site with some great stuff called the memory hole and below is an example.
I remember I also recommend the city morning here. Okay, Ray calm down. Okay.
Raise a good factory just a little bit carried away. Just calm down.
Today's Friday and I noticed that now since I'm not ranting and raving and going on about stuff at C.C.
We got about 65 or so more people that have signed a petition today from Florida,
but it's not like it's been the previous part of the week.
And if anybody thinks I'm going to keep doing that here every day,
oh, you got to get out. I mean, you know, I'm doing my part. I'm doing the best I can.
But all the you people need to do and besides signing the petition is email everybody else that you know and have them do it.
That's the way to do it because I mean we're getting close to 60,000 signatures on air,
which is very good. So let's see from the two weeks 60,000 signatures.
But Scott needs a lot more than that.
We need to have like 600,000 in about a month.
And if names, but this has to do with all of our livelihoods,
this has to do with freedom of speech and has to do with your entertainment.
What you can hear, the choices that you have to make.
It's just it's amazing stuff that we've been playing for years.
And I think that these corporate lawyers here are going way off the deep end.
You know, when you when you run that scared, we might as well just play music.
Seriously. I mean, the sports shows while they're talking about sports.
You know, they're talking about the dolphins.
Although a lot of people would like to say that about the dolphins.
Tom jicker writes in his column tomorrow.
And inventively of fighting the moral mafia system.
People get it judging by the response to columns on the government,
G-Hot against broadcasters make no mistake.
This is a religious war rights, Tommy.
Americans understand that the issue isn't how it's steering getting bumped
from a half a dozen fair channel stations.
It's an all out assault on the first amendment.
It's at all out assault.
Builds have been introduced to extend regulation to cable and satellite TV,
even though they come into the home via private wires, not the public airwaves,
the justification for control over broadcasters.
The government has no more right in incine waiting itself into cable
than it would private phone calls.
Don't laugh.
The Patriot Act makes this possible, as well as the ability to pry into the books
you check out in the library.
What's happened since the Super Bowl hasn't just cast a chill over broadcasters,
it's created nuclear winter.
The Aarongers, King of South Florida radio for as long as Stern has been
King of all media, says WQAM has read lines 70% of his comedy bits,
and it gets a new list of things not to do almost every day.
I've been doing some of these things for 25 years,
and suddenly there are limits Roger said.
That so many understand this is the only positive to emerge from this sorry situation.
If the expressions of concern share a theme, it is what can we do?
Letters to elected representatives are a way to vent that may not be effective
because many who share your outrage are too lazy to do likewise.
Lawmakers are impressed by numbers, especially in an election year.
The religious right was able to generate 200,000 letters demanding your crackdown
in the wake of Janet Jackson's unveiling.
It's an imposing number that explains the urgency that Congress and the FCC
have assigned to the witch hunt.
Four years will have passed before we point out what happened on 9-11 is released.
How's that for priorities?
However, New York computer technician named Scott hopes to trump the moral mafia five fold.
Two weeks ago Scott launched the website stopfcc.com
who set up pieces of petition for media, a petition for media freedom of speech.
While we realize that the government is an obligation to protect our children,
the petition states surely there needs to be a limit to what is regulated.
Adults and parents are capable of making decisions about what to watch, read, or listen to,
and are certainly capable of turning off or putting down anything that may offend them or their children.
As voting citizens, we ask our elected officials to consider your actions
and attending the further regulate television, radio, cable satellite print, and internet content
will fight these actions by voting for a politician who cares about our rights as Americans.
The goal is a million signatures, and less than two weeks, more than 50,000 Americans have signed,
according to Scott who says he wants his last name was held out of fear of reprisals.
I don't blame you Scott.
Significantly Scott says these are verifiable signatures.
I'm using Bill Clinton's e-sign law to verify them.
After signature is registered, an email request for verification is transmitted.
A positive reply makes the signature as valid as if it were done by pen on paper.
Scott is a technic campaign beyond sheer numbers.
The website shows how many signatures have been received from each state, Florida's number three.
So elected officials can gauge which way the wind is blowing back home.
Apparently some lawmakers have taken notice.
A techno whiz Scott is able to track who's checking out the site.
He says there are enumerous visits from people with .gov addresses.
His next step, he says, is to break down the signature by zip codes, which he's already done by the way Tom, it's on there.
Jicke says if you think this is overreaction, much you do about a threat more imagined than real.
Keep this in mind.
This is an administration whose chief law enforcement officer attorney, General John Ascroft, ordered dreams to be put over classical pieces of sculpture.
Nice going Tom. Thanks. Tom Jicke.
In tomorrow's sunsend.
What do you like that?
Not bad.
Don't be giving me not bad.
At least he's got the website in there.
Okay, stop FCC.com.
Which a lot more you people ought to be doing on there today.
Boy, you know, they do a lot of, you know, Florida is doing great.
Coming from nowhere, coming from 6 or 7 spot on there to pass others like their standing still.
Pass New York State. I still can't get over that.
I don't know why.
It's just amazing to me.
It's just shocking but then again, even on his own petitioner to bring clear channel to bring a stern back to clear channel.
Even on his own petition right there, which was started by two Florida guys.
By the way, got a big thing in a herald the other day yesterday.
Even on Arizona got 4,700 signatures.
So maybe if some people would exert a little bit more energy on behalf of the entire industry and on behalf of freedom of speech and the bill of rights,
maybe we'd get something going here as opposed to being just, you know, on their perpetual lifelong ego trip.
6362 for Florida. Texas got a head start and I straight off the bat.
So they got like over 11,000. California 8940.
That's what Florida will hop over next.
If you folks hop on there on stop FCC.com.
We're like all we're over 2,000, 2,200 and some odd signatures ahead of New York State.
With their 20 million lethargic people.
5 and local. This is 5.6.
3 is all yours.
2.2.
2.2.
3.2.
3.2.
3.2.
3.2.
3.2.
3.2.
3.2.
3.2.
In the end of the fisheries.
We're watching all of you.
Everyone got a suspicion.
So what you do.
This got the formation.
And all you might let us use.
In bush, water, land, nation.
That's as you say.
Check out the hate those you.
Are you?
Explant and debarose to.
Believe everything we tell you.
And the state will run you.
Blood, water, gold, red.
Fill up your escalade.
A roof and chainy bush venue.
That's as you say.
We don't mind to see our jobs go.
A bad economy's good.
We're passin' hated by trade-offs.
Don't be so stupid, good.
All the world is flitting.
The facts are mirrored in way.
Everybody's turnin' by.
It's a few asses.
Oh, 27 till noon at 5.60 W.
QMers of facts it says.
Phil Henry was on Dennis Milner the other night.
And look pretty rough is what it says.
Yeah, but wait a second.
300 pounds and ballooning up like somebody stuck a bicycle pump inside of his naval.
Or maybe...
Who knows?
Overrated.
Here's a good one.
George W. W.
And then says you can't say his name on here.
George W. Bush, Y'all president.
How could we forget him?
Well, you know.
I sure fits in with the appool.
Which of these people places or businesses?
Do you think is the most overrated?
Mostly hype.
Well, I think that fits him like a rubber glove.
Now, speaking of crazy people,
FCC commissioner Kathleen Abernathy says,
Indecency rules are necessarily vague.
Oh, yeah.
Very good, sweetheart.
Kathleen Abernathy said yesterday morning that because context plays such a huge rule
in determining whether content can be deemed indecent,
the commission's policies on what constitutes an indecent broadcast must reflect that reality.
Given that we're dealing with First Amendment speech rights and protecting children,
she told reporters yesterday morning in her Washington, DC, or office,
I think that you've got to recognize there's going to be a lack of clarity.
Oh, right.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
There's going to be a lie in other words, nobody has any idea what they're talking about,
including them.
Everyone has to use their best judgment.
Indeed, she called on the worst-to-set standards for their stations to follow.
The networks have to guide their stations and say,
here is what we think is appropriate balance, Abernathy said,
and then we will at the end of the day give them guidance,
but understand we can't tell you in every instance up or down when it's appropriate
and when it's not appropriate.
So they can't tell us.
We're just supposed to guess and hope for the best.
She added that the commission is committed to completing its reviews of
indecency complaints more rapidly to help inform the issue.
We're trying to get these indecency complaints out as quickly as we can
because they then provide the guidance for future programs, she said.
It's a little bit, here's the understatement of the,
not the century, the history of the human race.
It's a little bit difficult for the broadcasters if we say something is indecent
and it took us two years to say it, and in the meantime,
a whole bunch of stuff continued that they might have said they wouldn't have broadcast.
Well, what a rocket scientist, Kathleen.
What a genius.
What a f***ing genius.
That's like saying, if you would have put a road sign up there that said
this will be the most 45-way, wouldn't it be going 90?
Yeah.
It's that a dragon you're feeding and waiting and waiting and diddling around and
diddling around and waiting for a political year when it's opportune to strike.
When you're pandering to all the goody-two shoes out there,
all the people who think fart sounds on a radio are obscene and disgusting and vulgar.
I think those people are obscene and vulgar.
And you know somebody else who's obscene and vulgar?
You know who I'm talking about.
Put those two together.
Who you got?
In fact, why isn't he on the pole?
Pig pop? Rush Limbaugh.
Oh, Pig pop.
Pig pop.
Yeah, Pig popper.
You've heard of the Pig Popper? How about the Pig Popper?
Hey, by the way, I heard the Pig Popper died in a plane crash.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
With Richie Valens and Buddy Holly.
Didn't you hear that?
Right.
Just a long time ago.
Now, Miss Fudge will probably put on his website.
Oh, Neil Rogers goes on here and said, Rush Limbaugh, I didn't say anything about Rush Limbaugh.
I said the big bopper.
Not the big pill popper.
Get it right, Miss Fudge.
Rush Limbaugh's lawyers pulled a gacha out of their heavy-est today, since today's Palm Beach Post.
Plenty of an appeals court to one of its own decisions for bidding the seizure of medical information without due process.
Attorneys for the right-wing fascist talk show icon wrote in a brief before the fourth district court of appeals
that the same court ruled two years ago that a DUI suspect's blood test could not be used in the criminal case against him
because the state consent law hadn't been followed.
Prosecutors have argued that the argue before the court that the federal Fourth Amendment guaranteed their right to seize Limbaugh's records
and that they didn't have to follow state law procedures.
Prosecutors made that same argument in the DUI case and were flatly rejected.
Rolimbals attorneys were a black and Jackie Purchick in yesterday's response.
Prosecutors omitted the fact in their current argument before the appeals court, Limbaugh's attorneys be right and.
Prosecutor, while we already know that, they seized his records, Dr. Shoppingyadi, on a...
The appeals court will eventually rule whether Christchurch's office can use the medical records,
one of Limbaugh's most unlikely allies, the ACLU and Drs. groups of joint Limbaugh, in the fight to keep his records private.
On his radio show yesterday, Limbaugh said he had shown restraint from doing so in the past five months.
Proc funded, Christian, Limbaugh though has constantly complained on the show that the investigation is a political witch hunt,
connected by Christian or Democrat.
Let him charge me with making fun of him, Limbaugh, so in the show I'm sure he can fight a statute.
Maybe he can fight a statute and the attorney general can cover it up with a cloth or top of it.
A spokesman for the State Attorneys or a FISMAC Edmonds and Declanic comment, we don't respond to what Suspect say Edmonds is saying.
Suspect, I like that.
Rush Limbaugh, Suspect, yeah! Big fat Suspect, pill poppin' admitted pill poppin' Suspect.
Pill poppin', Dr. Shoppingyadi has kind of a ring to it, don't it?
Right, it could be a story. I like it, put it to music.
Let's see, Eddie and Pemberpine's, who's out of control, says Bush crime family, can we say this?
These words and sounds the FCC is objecting to be just the beginning.
I'm sure they think some of these ideas are a lot more obscene.
The Bush family continues to expand and maintain their influence to control over through the governments of other nations.
The new deal is they want to keep the Haitians down to keep their standard of living low, about 11 cents an hour, it's good for big business.
They have so those baseballs a little bit tighter so they can hit 100 homeruns a year please.
It worked in most nations they got involved and didn't work in Cuba hence the hard line.
We have a bogus war on drugs that just funneles money into their family, it's a war we'll never win because it's too profitable.
And a lot of people are forgotten, thanks Eddie for reminding me even though it's not in your facts, but it just lit up that light bulb on top of my head again, top of my crown.
May 2001.
Kohl and Powell presents the Taliban with a check for $43 million US in exchange for cutting down the drug trafficking and those eye poppy seeds.
Remember that? How many times have we talked about that?
About 30 million people care?
No.
Is the media screaming about that?
No.
If I were one of the democratic behind the scenes there people putting the words in Kerry's mouth, I guarantee you right now they'd be screaming bloody murder about that.
We were subsidizing these back to because they were going to help us build that oil pipeline through Afghanistan.
OIL, MO anyway. How many times? How many Zidian times?
About 30, man.
Who do Zidian times I've told you that?
You're wrong, you're just a anti-boist guy.
Yeah right.
Whatever you say.
Don't confuse the public with the truth, they can't handle it.
Even Jack Nicholson knows that.
Don't forget you had the big O, the big O.
Orlando, Elza, Query.
No end to two today at Verizon, Marla's in Boca, corner of Glades Road and Lyons having on the Somerside shops.
Right next to World Chamberlains.
Join O for prizes and giveaways.
Once again that's Verizon, Marla's 8903 Glades Road in prestigious geriatric Boca.
I hate being a lawyer.
We're supposed to be no five six years.
You A.M.
You pick it on A.M. again?
Yeah.
I'm the big O. Jesus Christ.
Kill your minds as empty as your soul.
You're sparing so far the exact size.
Ain't good to eat but you're cause they have no lies.
And it starts to have the cues of the day.
I'm sure there's going to be something here we're going to have to know if I can smell it.
This room would be on the key.
I'm sure there's going to be something here we're going to have to know if I can smell it.
I'm sure there's going to be something here we're going to have to know if I can smell it.
I'm sure there's going to be something here we're going to have to know if I can smell it.
I'm sure there's going to be something here we're going to have to know if I can smell it.
I have no lies.
Oh my God.
It really is.
I want to live when we meet again.
Leaving Cuba for behind.
And showing him what gets in touch.
While my hand is slowly dying.
In the angels you never know to get away.
When the hell said to send them back and the hells begun.
We want it all to go away today.
Oh.
And we're tied up anyhow.
And we're tied up chopping gems.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live our lives.
And we're tied up Billy Oh.
And we're tied up brutal.
We should sing in man.
And we're tied up anyhow.
And we're tied up chopping gems.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live our lives.
And we're tied up brutal.
I but tell them.
No, it's still known out, obviously, in somebody ordered it.
The most overrated person, Ilian Gonzales, little Ilianny Do.
How about the.. what's his name?
Antonio on passions.
He's all right.
Antonio and Luis.
I think maybe Luis on passions is highly overrated if you asked me.
Nevertheless, we got that Ilian Gonzales.
Josh?
Can he handle it?
Yeah, we got it.
We got it. You got an album. Glad. Howard Stern 76 Joe Stone Crab 70 Walmart 30 of five outback
Steakhouse 28 South Beach 23 Larry King 18.
Uh-huh.
Rascal out of 17 planted Hollywood 16. Hard Rock Cafe 15. Disney 14.
W has got 11 already. Rush Limbaugh also 11. See that birds of a feather?
Sucked together Alex Pinellas 10. Nice. Now I don't know if you dumped that or not.
Yes. You did? Yeah. Well you see again. Now you may have something.
You brought up something. I made a noise because I like that. Well, but the question is.
The question is and we haven't decided any of these things. Business work.
What we are doing here on QM. It's like anybody that saw the movie, which was a horrible movie.
With Al Pacino. Um-hmm. Set of a woman.
Where he was driving the car blind guy driving that Ferrari. Okay. Through the streets in New York.
That's what we're doing. We are we are flying blind. It's like if you got on a plane in the middle of the flight.
The public came on and said, both yours truly and my co-captain here are blind.
But we'll get us there. Yeah. And everybody of course would be committing suicide.
They try to impale themselves with those very not too sharp plastic knives that they give you with your meal.
That's what we're doing because the question I want to ask is now all the Spanish language stations.
They pretty much say whatever the hell they want. They use whatever language they want.
And certainly that word that we dump. It would be nothing. Not a big deal for those languages for those stations.
Right. Now we need to discuss those. So like what you brought up before about actually having a discussion of these things.
I'm getting something. Yeah. I know that's revolutionary for recently broadcasting in QAM.
We're in the six and a half years that I've been on this radio station. There has never never once been a meeting.
They have sales meetings. Has there ever been a talent meeting? No.
What's the year at the other place? It was routine. Right.
And every place I've ever worked. Staff meeting with the lawyers.
Right. And they could put me on the speaker phone because I sure as hell wouldn't come back for it.
But I mean, you know, that's the way you do it.
Everybody participates. Especially during these trying times.
These are the times that try our holes, man.
Where's George would say these are the times that try our bowls. But at any rate.
Yeah. There he goes again. Off the defense list.
No, no. There's no problem with that. Yeah.
That's why I started with I smoke eight joints.
Because that'll be coming next. Oh, you're promoting drugs and drug paraphernalia.
That's got to stop to. There's no end to it.
And I'm sitting here and I'm thinking now two things I would like to point out.
Number one. I'm sure they probably thought I was joking at the time I was.
But since we have a program director and an operations manager,
it seems to me that part of their job.
And of course, between the two of them sitting around,
twiddling their thumbs all day listening to the show part of their job should be to come into that studio where
Georgia sitting right now.
And go through every single piece of recorded material on there and make the decision,
whether it's acceptable or not. Make a list.
See what I'm saying? Because I'm I mean, I want to give a cursory run through the first time before the rules change.
It became so chilling, but I'd like to know one thing.
Or you do that. Yeah, that's exactly the question.
And then we could technically remove them or whatever, just make sure we don't play them as opposed to every time I go to play something now during the commercial break.
I have to listen to it on audition before even their play it.
And even then if I don't have time to listen to the whole thing like that last bit come to find out,
well, there's something in the middle there. There's a word.
There's an expression. There's a phrase. There's a there's a sound. Oh, man.
Wait a minute. I heard that. I'm dumping it.
Can we still say dump? No, you can't say dump and you certainly can't say thump.
Well, I'm taking my garbage to the garbage place. Good.
And dump it there. I mean,
so that that's number one. They should be going through the entire DCS.
And I mean, they don't have to do for the sports nerd because the sports nerds,
especially the ex-docs, they blew it out of a bunch of crap on here all the time anyway.
Because some of them don't happen to be like real broadcasts.
They just happen to be sports nerds. So a lot of people like, but nevertheless.
And then number two, anybody in this business now I did see that yesterday, especially,
I'm not going to mention the names on the year, but I saw the names of some people in the business.
Now I'm assuming that those will legitimate on the stop FC said calm.
We're not all the names actually show up on there, but the last five,
whenever you happen to click on it, what will show up?
Which I think is kind of an interesting thing. It will show up the name and where they're,
where they live. And I saw some people in the industry sign on there.
One of our salespeople came in this morning and said that he signed it and other people,
he knows he had him sign it. But anybody in the radio industry who doesn't sign this petition,
you're a real major. What we can't say anymore.
Okay. You're a bad person.
Yeah, you're a bad person. That's what you are. Shame on you.
I mean, every, every person that works in sales, every broadcaster who gets on the year,
even to say hello and goodbye, which pretty soon that's all we're going to be able to say,
you ought to be on that petition right now. You ought to be emailing everybody you know
and even just through the phone book through the white pages.
And saying get on stop FCC.com right now and sign it.
Let's get them a 10 million signatures and bomb barred Congress and the White House and
everybody in the FCC and let them know that we really are mad.
It's some we're not going to take this crap anymore. It's got to stop somewhere.
It's insanity.
Now see, the thing of it is I got all kinds of alternate solutions. Many.
See, I'm not boxed in which so it's in a way. It wasn't a bad idea.
I did those seven months where I just read all the bedtime stories all day.
Didn't take any calls. You know, right.
Didn't have to read about anything. That's one possibility.
Use it's another possibility there. This is it in different ways to cut this turkey.
But the idea that we're supposed to be able to sit here and interpret as we go along,
this is not acceptable. It has to come from corporate. It has to come from the people
who's very licenses on the line. If they can't tell us how do we supposed to know?
And the only reason we even have this list that we took that pool on yesterday is because I demanded it.
We're just supposed to remember in our head. Well, here's one and here's another like kind of piece meal.
It's like the same entities, the FCC. Well, just keep going ahead about 80 miles an hour.
We'll let you know when you're going too fast. There it is. Gotcha.
Unacceptable. Absolutely, positively unacceptable. Absolutely. Thanks, ma'am.
Four minutes till no less that schedule looked like we got the mad dog at two.
All right. The Humper is in Vegas for the saffron only Hebrew hammer from Vegas.
Seven o'clock Panther, preview Panthers who just about have to win every game from now on.
I have a shot at the playoffs. I was a big win over the others, but they still gotta keep winning.
They play at Atlanta. The trashers tonight, 730 is game time. Eddie K. Fowler's the hockey game and the
anxious, unacceptable sporting news radio overnight.
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from juice and listening to the new
roggy communist hour.
Uh.
And
is
Is
Freedom's very high.
Freedom's very high.
Freedom's very high.
Turbo 1 at 5.50 WQM, your station.
428 votes.
You know what I guess today?
Because this is not all that controversial.
That's a little more fun, right?
Yeah.
Don't forget everybody whipped up into a constant center
frenzy and good for our health.
You want to fight the good fight?
You have to keep on an even keel, right?
Remember how a keel he still did.
Which of these people places or businesses
do you think is the most overrated, mostly hype?
Howard Stern 80.
Joe Stone Crab 73.
Walmart 36.
Outback 28.
South Beach 28.
George W is moving up fast.
23.
George W.
Larry King 21.
Rascal House 19.
Oh boy, they should be doing better than that.
That should be your worst problem, sunny.
Ooh, planet Hollywood 18.
Rush Limbaugh 17.
Papa Kapala Moore Rush.
Hard Rock Cafe 16, Disney 16.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez 12.
Jimmy Buffett 11.
Alex Pinellas 10.
Oh, I hate San Ed.
Alex subpacania.
He's just a little guy, kind of funny looking.
He's got 10.
Smith and Mollinsky 6, but we sure like that silverware.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Magical fall 6.
Bayside 3.
Alienito, Elenvenzala 3.
And poor old Chuck E. Cheese out of 428 votes.
They only got a pair.
They only got two.
It's for a little kid, you know.
It's a fun place to go and get plastic in your intestines.
It's rated perfectly for what it is.
Right, it's a little kid place.
Right.
It's about as cheesy as it gets.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah, I like talking to you, please.
Speaking, yes.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
I got two for your list.
Yeah, I'm shocked.
I'm not there yet.
So I grabbed Mills Mall.
Oh, that's great.
That is one of the all-time best choices, man.
What is that place, all of a boot?
And it's expanding or something.
So probably maybe they'll buy my house for a million dollars.
And the other one I can't stand is that Simon Proel
or whatever his stupid name is from American Idol.
Simon Cowell.
Cowell, whatever.
I'm not just discussing Mr. Homes and Grimes.
I don't program could be on the list, though.
Exactly.
Thanks, Pally.
All right, Neil.
See, you know, something?
I think he just not see.
People in place have been to North American Idol
doesn't fit in those categories.
Simon Cowell will do.
Song Rast Mills Mall, I could do the whole rest of the show
on that because I live right out there
in that neck of the woods as you know.
How many times a year do I go there?
See, I'm not going to play.
I just don't go there.
What are you going to go there for?
It's the third biggest attraction.
Tourist attracts in the state of Florida.
Disney World's number one.
I believe Bush Gardens is number two.
I could be wrong on that.
And, but I know a song Rast is number three.
Now, how is that possible?
That's why nobody speaks English there.
No, they all speak Prathedian, Portugacy or something.
I don't know.
It's like the Tower of Babel when you walk in there.
I don't know what that place is all about.
Why do I keep hearing that faxing sound?
Do you hear that?
Is that in the line?
I'm faxing you.
Oh, and I hear.
I see.
It's a faxing sound on a fax machine.
What a concept.
No, seriously, the song rest.
I mean, if there was like a real storn out
that JC Penny's outlet, the store whatever they call that,
have you ever been in there?
Maybe, I don't know.
Oh.
You know, I've only ever been in there
on radio related occasions like the period.
Right, remember the signing with Dr. Bob Reston piece?
I'm going to forget.
Who was watching where he walked that day,
although I guess the sidewalks weren't icy on that day,
but at any rate, we had Dr. Bob signed over 700 books,
sold over 1,000 of his books that day.
It was great.
That was at the books of million.
That's a good place.
We like those people.
They were very nice to us.
We like them, but quite frankly,
since I have a boarder's about two blocks from where I live,
I'd probably go to boarders.
Or probably if I really want to go to a real bookstore,
go over to the fountain shops.
What's that, what's the other big book chain?
Barnes and Noble.
Barnes and Noble.
You know where that one is?
Sure.
Oh, that's a great store.
We got one by the hoods.
It's nice.
Barnes and Noble makes borders look like a dime store
with a few magazines, quite frankly.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
Well, but borders don't like me anyway.
Oh, you don't want to buy that.
Well, you want that CD for, huh?
Palm Beach County troublemaker just fact
and said, when I was a child,
my family had what was called a curse word jar.
Whenever our kids uttered a dirty word,
we had to deposit a quarter.
And later your situation, I think you should consider
doing the same.
Instead of a quarter, it had to be about several thousand dollars.
About third, man.
For real or imagined, FCC word list,
now it would consider a construction.
I think it might not be a bad idea
since the Palm Beach County troublemaker.
Sure.
How do we know?
We don't know.
And we can't even get it from our corporate people, OK?
All we get is our program director
and operations manager whining,
well, we don't know.
Well, that's great.
We need to know.
OK, we have a need to know.
Now, Greg says that I've been very cooperative so far.
And that was even before the latest edict came down.
Can I say that edict?
And I have been.
Not to pat myself on the back, because it's
not easy when you're as fat as I am.
But nevertheless.
But I mean, it comes a point, especially with these.
See, I think I didn't like it, but I think it was fine
until we got these latest.
There is a couple of words on this list,
which first of all, we never said them
that are just common sense.
Anyway, I have no problem with that.
In fact, one, two, two, three.
Well, again, it all depends on context.
Even at bitch from the FCC said it all depends on context.
Right.
But we did get the good news that we can say
the vice president's first name, as long as we call them
Dick Taney.
Let's see.
Miguel apologizes for letting Scott write the other one.
It's OK.
Good.
Join the big.
Oh, two to the day of the Verizon Wireless,
89.03 Glades Road and Bokeh.
Stop by to spend the deal for prizes.
That's still two.
He's there right now at the big O of Verizon Wireless.
And join George tomorrow 111 at Fort O'Pompo
at 1000 or Federal Highway.
They'll have prizes there.
Usually a crappy low budget QM prizes.
But you can enjoy free food from the Atlantic City subs
where the bread makes the difference.
So does Ira.
Don't let Scott be writing stuff to be on here.
OK.
It's a little beyond his scope.
OK.
In fact, he brings a big bottle of scope in there every day.
He borrowed it from Farrell.
Bill, the one who doesn't aid George in for a water
day, says it seems to me the end result of this FCC
out of control crackdown is going to be a radio show that
sounds just like the big Wilson bit that you play,
where he's doing the reneary type of double-talkering on
and on and on saying absolutely nothing,
except teasing listener about these starland vocal bands
upcoming performance of Acton in the light.
I can hardly wait.
Kyle Hitler says Bill and Fort O'Pompo.
Hi, Hitler.
Now, wait a minute.
Yes.
So go crazy.
That's a sexual song explicitly sexual.
What's that?
Acton in the light?
Yes, it is.
I didn't see we were going to play.
All right.
OK, don't be picking on poor Bill.
OK, he's just a hello big.
Hello, big practice doing that.
Hello, big.
Hello, yeah.
81 votes for the Sternmeister.
76 for Jones Stonecramp.
Everybody also far is a little league.
Hello.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hello, big.
Yes, sir.
Good, my big.
There are people I think are overhide.
There are those American idols.
They're what?
The American idols.
Yeah.
Oh, they have to suck.
I hate those people.
OK, well, thanks, but that's not,
it's not a category.
Merkin Idol is a show.
I mean, the American Idol people, yes.
Like especially, I think I was talking about the American
idols and stuff.
Yeah, but we can't that doesn't that's a stretch in a reach.
OK, we're not stretching it and we're sure not reaching
with it.
So just forget about it.
Not to work in ours anyway.
Simon Cowell is good enough unless you want to put that
hung guy on there and see we can't say that either.
No, can we say hung?
No, not a chance.
OK.
Sorry.
So sorry.
Get some coins and put them in the slot.
Can't say that.
Scorando says every time she stands up, they fall out.
WDQM, hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
The swap shop is the number two most visited.
The swap shop.
I love it.
How about the care come as well?
Paraselton is a fabulous choice.
Gotta go.
Go.
What kind of a person would want to see her naked?
I have no life.
Exactly.
Why would you want to go look at it?
Paraselton do an anything when you can see Elle McPherson
on our website today free if you're over the age of 85.
Behind the beaten curtain, of course,
which on AskCraft looking on and keep noticing on there,
look at it very carefully.
His eyes are moving.
He is monitoring you.
On the beaten curtain.
That's a great shop, but I still say there's,
I don't want to go into.
I can't.
You know what I said before the show, though.
Something there that could look a little bit better,
I think, but nevertheless.
WDQM, hello.
Hello.
Hi, Dale.
Yes, sir.
My name is E. Clarion.
My name is E. Queryam, okay?
Any special vision?
And a public.
Paul Castanovah.
Paul Castanovah, okay.
Small potatoes, but we'll put them on it.
Paul Castanovah.
I just ran into him at the songgrass the other night.
I mean, what kind of a jackass?
Yeah, I almost said it.
What kind of an a-hole goes on here.
And makes up a story about how I just ran into Neil.
I mean, he's another one obsessed with me.
He's just obsessed.
Hi, this is Sonny Fox.
And I listen to Neil Rogers because I could hear the word.
Not no more.
We ought to just play that every single day.
Over and over and over and over a million times.
Hi, this is Sonny Fox.
And I listen to Neil Rogers because I could hear the word.
A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A.
That was just a...
I know, but I was just saying he had a little hall movement there.
So I better get that out of there real quick before I play it again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 16.
In fact, maybe Sonny, who's got a fear of sense of humor once in a while,
if he's in the right mood and if he's not imbibing too much.
Maybe he would recut that for us and say,
this is...
In fact, I used to listen to Neil Rogers talking here the word.
Yeah, put a...
Oh, that would be cute.
That would be cute, Sonny.
Come on.
Do something useful.
WQA and hello.
Hey! How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir?
I'm good, too.
It's a little outdated now, but I was going to say JLo and Ben.
That was just a terrible one in terms of concern.
How about Benifer?
Benifer. There you go.
Benifer would be good.
Just put the word Benifer on it.
Then I'll let what we're talking about.
There you go.
I had one for George, I'll say two the other day when you guys were doing this song.
That was going to say sweet dreams by the Arithomics and then Marilyn Manson.
Right.
I couldn't get through, so that was a good remake.
You guys have a side of us to say it up.
And you two back to your panel.
Hi, brother.
Okay. See you on the inside.
We're all going to be on the inside, man.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM.
We can get on the inside at Pompedow Park.
Or if the weather's just right, hang out outside down there by the apron.
Do you ever put your apron on at the track?
No.
You're with the apron, is not you?
Yeah, that's that thing down there.
Or if I think about it, where everybody hangs around.
Yeah, they were there skirt.
Before we used to wear a skirt in the apron.
I don't think so.
She had the pants and that family.
Anyway, all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pompedow Park Racing in Cardroom,
has got the gambling plunging action you're looking for.
Located just a half a mile from both I, 95 and the Florida Turnpike,
Pompedow Park is a piece of cake to get to no matter where you live.
And best of all, Pompedow Park offers you free admission and free general parking every day.
Mine's been my days at Suffolk Downs in Boston a hundred years ago.
Free general parking, free admission.
I love that.
Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
including today.
Poker started just a few minutes ago, starts at noon every racing day, goes on till midnight,
and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.05 pm, including two nights.
Tonight there'll be free drawings to get into the money machine and grab it $1,000 in cash and betting vouchers.
Maybe even when a raffle ticket for 2004 Porsche Boxster,
plus there'll be swing dancing demonstrations at the track.
There'll be swing in it.
And then tomorrow, the most unbelievable fireworks stunt show on the face of the Earth takes place
with the amazing Australian dear devil Vince Silvestro and his horse,
and me silver, as they race around the track doing their thing, performing their hot-to-truck,
Fireworks Show.
Showtime is 9 pm.
It's an unbelievable thing all to take the kids in a whole family tomorrow night,
9 o'clock at the track.
Pompedow Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road,
don't forget full card cymbal casting, seven days a week, two at the track.
For the current race schedule called 972-2000, that's 9.54,
972-2000 or go online at pompedowpark.com.
Don't forget first post-time tonight, 7.05 at Pompedow Park.
Line 5 in local, here's Porsche Radio 560, US-UAM.
It's an unbelievable thing like they can't even check in on what's his name,
they voters, it's up to you.
American Idol, it's season 2.
American Idol, two days a week.
American Idol, the other shirt can't shrink.
Simon Cowell is an evil chap, the other just won't give a hell of a spell.
Ryan Sequiz is all alone, now that they've sent a double-man home.
Randy Chen's is still on board, dropping me out of my door.
American Idol, right now it's cool.
How soon will it be like all I have to?
And if you're holding up a middle, get up now, go, go.
I'm gonna watch you, Simon.
But I don't like you, Simon.
Bye.
Bye.
I'm proud of you, I've never watched that show and I never will.
I'm too excited about that, I've never watched it.
Lucky you, you don't have anybody else.
But I have some bad news for you though, speaking of American Idol.
Wait till you hear about the newest reality show you're already told you this morning before the show.
I should have surprised you with this.
The National Enquirer, the brand new issue just after this week says,
you've been juiced.
That old cut-up O.J. Simpson gets his own reality show.
And it's got a picture of him here, despite his filming schedule, O.J. still has a little time for golf and Pasadena, March 12th.
Is this disgusting or what?
You've been juiced that could be America's hottest new catchphrase if O.J. Simpson has his way, O.A.
After 10 years of being shown by Hollywood and major advertisers,
the juices attempting a show is come back with a new reality show.
The Enquirers learned exclusively.
The show is patterned after Ashton Cutcher's popular punk series on MTV.
And we cut Simpson red-handed filming episodes in L.A. in mid-March.
And in Wonder show's first segment, the accused double murderer...
A kill Nicole.
...was made up to look like an elderly white man.
O.J. walked through the lobby of the Lux Summit Hotel in Bel Air on March 11th,
disguised with a balding head, wrinkled skin and liver spots.
The hotel source told the Enquirer...
He was hunched over and walked very slowly with the cane.
He shuffled onto the bar, sat down, ordered a drink.
O.J. told me, I just shot a bit from my show and it was hysterical.
I called the numbers at a bingo game.
The ball rolled down the shoot.
I grabbed it with a shaky hand and yelled out in the craggy voice.
B-26!
I had to keep myself from laughing, he said.
He also said...
A kill Nicole.
The source, close to Simpson, added one day a producer called O.J.
and asked if he'd considered stirring in a reality show he was elated.
In the show, people are caught in embarrassing real-life situations.
O.J. has put red in the middle to get a reaction and he says,
you've been juiced when the trap is sprung.
Ever see him and Alan front together?
Well...
He thinks it's catchier than actions you've been punk.
For example, in one segment, a wife admits to her jealous husband
that she's having an affair with another man.
Before the husband can compose himself the doorbell rings,
he answers the door and there's O.J. standing in the doorway smiling like a treasure cat.
Oh, that's gonna be funny.
And O.J. says...
A kill Nicole.
O.J. told me, I really believe nobody wanted to see me on TV again,
but now I got a second chance and it feels great.
Too bad Nicole and Ron can't feel anything these days,
but it feels really great.
How sad!
I bet you that the water not see and screw in and Greg
and some of the other dodo bird sports nerds in that building
are just... they just can't wait.
They're more excited about seeing her than...
Friko out there at the front desk is about seeing Kuchikuchi Susan Luchi.
And by the way, Susan Luchi's daughter that plays Gwen on passions
is one of the ugliest sluts I've ever seen in my life.
George Lucas, way overrated, the last thing he directed was in 1977.
Now he's just a money-grabbing scum.
George Lucas got it.
I got it.
I heard he's out of this world is what I heard.
Now wait until you hear this.
This is just... I mean... I can't... I'm almost speechless.
Thanks to the Dredge retort by the way that's with the T. Dredge.com.
Thank you for... this is from News Day.
Bush campaign gear made in Burma.
His campaign store sells a pullover from a nation whose
products he is banned from being sold in the USA.
The official merchandise website for President W's Reelussian campaign
has sold clothing made in Burma whose goods were banned by Bush
from the U.S. last year to punish its military dictatorship.
The merchandise sold on www.GeorgeWishStore.com
includes a 49.95 fleas pullover, fleas being the operative word,
embroidered with a Bush-Chainy O4 logo, and bearing a label stating
was made in Burma now Mayan Mar.
The jacket was sent to News Day as part of an order that included a shirt made in
Mexico and a hat not bearing a country of origin label.
The Bush merchandise is handled by Sparrowing Group, a 20-year-old
supplier of campaign product and services in Louisville, Kentucky
that said it worked for the last five Republican presidential nominees.
Ted Jackson Sparrowing's president said we found only one other in our
inventory that was made in Burma.
The others were made in the USA.
He said the company has about 60 of the fleas pullover's
nits warehouse and that a supplier included the Burma product by mistake.
Right.
Bush campaign officials didn't return call seeking comment.
The imports are potentially an issue because outsourcing has become a hot
political topic in the election.
Absolutely.
Bush last July signed into law the Burmese Freedom and Democracy Act saying
the United States will not waver from its commitment to the cause of democracy
and human rights in Burma.
Violators of the import ban are subject to fines in jail according to the
West Treasury Department.
Burmese textile workers can earn his little seven cents an hour according to the
National Labor Committee of Human Rights Group.
There you go.
Just a little hypocrisy from Al Presidentay there.
Ever seen him and Kathy Lee together?
Oh.
Same person.
Same idiot.
Hans Blix says remember Hans C.
The invasion of Iraq has polarized him at least and may have worsened the
threat of terrorism says you win weapons inspector Hans Blix.
On a tour of the West of the home his book and what an idiot Chris Matthews.
You know if there's a bigger idiot that's ever been born I can't imagine what
might be.
He had him on a couple of nights ago and at the end of the interview you know the music
starts playing and time is running out nobody's watching anyway so
we see and he says well thank you very much for being with us and good luck with the
book.
Good luck with the book.
It will be like having Jesus Christ come down from the sky.
Jesus Christ sitting in the next to Chris Matthews and Chris saying well listen
thank you Jesus for being with us and by the way good luck with the movie.
See what I'm saying?
I mean this guy is just such a such a puss.
Plus what has he gotten his mouth?
Well the talk where he talks like daffy duck.
On a tour of the West of the home his book disarming Iraq Blix criticized
President George W and British Prime Minister Tony Blair for engaging in a
witch hunt to justify the West let invasion of Iraq a year ago.
One year ago today and a speech sponsored by the Chicago Council on Foreign
Relations Blix list of the negatives he believes it resulted from the war
polarized societies in the Middle East, a rict in NATO damaged the D1 security
council and no easing the threat of terrorism.
The terrorism threat has not abated he said.
As to expand on his comments and letter to the March 11 train bombings in
Spain that killed more than 200 he said it's clearly an increase in the
terrorism.
It was al Qaeda or some related terrorist movement trying to tell the states they
should not participate in actions in Iraq.
He said his task of seeking weapons of mass destruction in Iraq was undermined
by the Bush and Blair governments which probably knew they were exaggerating
the threat to justify the invasion.
He says the war was more punitive than preemptive he said.
Oh all those dead bodies man.
All those nameless dead bodies.
All those coffins that the president doesn't want to go and see.
26 past noon of QAIM how's that pull coming?
Which of these people places or businesses do you think is the most
overrated mostly hype?
528 votes not bad.
Howard Stern 66 Joe Stone crab 83 got a good battle going on there
between the Sternmeister and Joe's.
George W. 43 he's moving up he's dangerous.
Walmart 37 the outback 35 South B31 Russia's moving up 29.
The King Meister 28 planted Hollywood 23 Disney 22 the Rascal houses got 20.
Hey Rick Sanchez 17 Hard Rock Cafe 16 Jimmy Bup at 13.
Alex Pinellas 11 Smith-Wolenski 8 Alien Gonzalez 6.
How is the Kestren over do we put him on air not?
He's not on there or there is got one probably an old old Ron voter form.
27 past noon have you ever listened to that show?
Are you talking about Paul and Ron?
No.
You never listen to it?
One time ago once a long time ago and it was a day I got up early I was making an omelette.
Or our...
What's he going to do?
I'm looking at omelettes and stew gots 9.40 an hour.
Oh isn't that toast?
Did I say omelette?
You did?
Oh toast I'm sorry why I get him confused.
Some breakfast foods on it with stew gots.
He's speaking of food but a good segue if you're starving to death but you don't want to cook up a story.
I'm going to spend all the time in the kitchen.
Emerald coast will do it for you.
They'll cook up a feast like the ones you've seldom seen.
They've got 6 different kinds of fantastic soups and zedgings of succulent entrees like...
Like I said delicious on phrase.
I don't think we can say succulent.
New York strip made order and their sizzling asian grill along with the new seafood say Jacques.
Oysters on a half shell.
Alaskan stone crab, middle neck clam, jumbo shrimp, jumbo...
Siam, scampy every night.
If you still have any room in your perfect sample of handcar primer of the new Thai specialties too.
They've got a full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh...
Siam cocktail.
No headaches when you walk out of the Emerald coast because they don't use any MSG.
No cornstarch, no crap to cook everything only with cholesterol for your oils too.
And if at the end of this unbelievable pick out you still have a little bit of room.
Like I always tell you shove a crowbar in your pants or just shove out the desserts in your pants.
They've got a dessert bar that's fantastic with Belgian waffles.
Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings, even fresh fruit.
And there's nothing better than a fresh fruit, just ask me.
Three locations Emerald coasts for either in sunrise, pine aleta 44th Street,
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and also at the intersection of prestigious Flamingo and Pemberg Roads in Pemberg Pines.
So take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now and let our friends at the Emerald coast cook up a storm for you.
Fantastic, unbeatable feast, take out and delivery always available too.
Call them at 954-57238-22.
That's 954-57238-22. Why not this weekend make a pit stop at the Emerald coast Chinese buffet.
My, my, and lovels, this is for 205-60.
We win a few way.
From the makers of the Passion of the Christ comes.
Passion of the Christ. On ice.
All the violence of the movie you love, but with a triple-axle crucifixion.
See, Collins of graceful Roman soldiers, whipping and weaving around a magnificent Messiah.
New York Times reports, these skaters really nailed this one.
And USA Today says, jumping Jesus Christ on ice is cold-blooded fun.
Bring the kids to witness and savior each moment they cross.
The grace, the glory, and the suffering of Christ on ice.
Body slumber makes for you. It's nauseous, dizziness, death, or resurrection.
Call 33, a more explosions and bag then.
The US-led war and our shut up will put a little on it.
I did not tell you this morning that because today's the anniversary there's gonna be some heavy duty crap going on there.
6469 signatures from Florida.
Sirens waiting in Baghdad's coalition-held green zones.
The sirens wailing there.
I just got through saying that.
So we're like way ahead in New York, which I have 4,152 for New York,
with a 20-mitan people with the stern Maisterron on the K-Rock.
And New Jersey, which is like, right, I mean, 2184.
Take a look at New Jersey, if you must.
You've got Phil Padawfi on the one side, which is right across from Trenton,
and Candon, and so Sirens on and Philly, right?
And he's on in New York, which of course covers all the Eastern Jersey like a blanket.
So what are we talking about?
2184 signatures from New York.
I mean, from Jersey and 41, it's sad. It's pathetic.
So we passed New Jersey at Ohio and Pennsylvania and New York.
We still got about 2500 to go to catch California.
And Texas, we may catch him or not.
Not that it's a contest, but that it's just as a little extra motivation for people
who are generally very lazy and don't want to like sign their name or scared to sign a name.
Don't be scared, okay?
Scott's not going to turn you over to the FBI yet.
Stop FCC.com. Get with it.
Has everybody in that building signed that petition out?
Right.
What?
There are people inside that building.
So you haven't signed a petition.
You're not in the building often, so you keep forgetting where we work.
It's people as QAN and power and kiss.
Well, kiss ain't here. Well, kiss this.
No.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got one for your poll.
Okay.
It's probably going to lead now, but the Bahamas.
The Bahamas is unbelievably overweighted, excellent.
Exactly. And I don't know how Casanova got out in a, how he got on there,
because I mean, I don't think anybody even overrates in the start with.
Yeah. And he's small potatoes.
And I'm surprised that Texas is their number one in that.
I'm surprised because it seems to be like, don't they like the number one state for frying people up and stuff like that?
Yeah, but Scott mentioned that. I asked him. He said that they, for whatever reason, I mean,
they have two stations of Kerry Steer and Aaron Houston and in Dallas.
And he, I don't know, he must have gotten on the ear there in Texas and made a big push.
There are some of them, but they started before anybody else. So that's why they were ahead.
Well, Kegram.
That's surprising to me, but anyways, I, Neil, have a good day.
Thanks a lot, pal. He said, ahama is not.
Yeah, man.
He's right. The Bahamas are just sucks.
5 6 7 0 5 60. What cracks me up is that, you know, people in that building who get a lot of free tips to the Bahamas.
Oh, you're wrong. The only Bahamas is great. What's the last time you've been there? Not long enough ago.
They treat you like crap.
Raped, raped the public, grab your money. And that's all they want to do is rip off the Americans.
That's it. Of course, the rest of the world, they want to kill the Americans or at least, you know.
Don't go to Mexico, either.
No.
Have you heard about the cab rides in Mexico?
Yes, I like it. It's kind of like the Rochemort tell you. Check in, but you never check out.
I've heard about the Mexicans.
Don't start, man. Pretty certain will be El Sinco de Mayo. And then you'll see a thing or two.
Then you'll smell a thing. I mean, see a thing or two.
64 69. I'm looking on here at the last five names on here. I see Ohio, New York, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, California, Arizona, New Mexico.
Well, I don't see no Florida.
But he's a Scott's getting close to 60,000. I'm happy about that. That's good. It's coming along.
Although when we first discovered this on Tuesday, all day, it said the last 24 hours are like 8,300 new signatures.
And I noticed lately it's like 5,000 some like right now it's just 5524.
That's not good enough.
I wish there was some way. I mean, we need to figure out we need to like brainstorm a little bit because this is serious.
And it's getting worse every minute of every day.
These are opening stages of what will be abroad and concerted campaign.
And a solve on free speech. Oh, nice going, W.
They always come through for us. You know what? WQM. Hello.
Hello, yes, sir.
You want Canada?
Tony voice in a bad one too. Hey. WQM. Hello.
Hello. Hello.
Yes, sir. I've been called. I've been sick.
George, give me the bat line. I lost it. Oh, God.
Reverend Jones has been sick, to which we say.
All right. He's been able to call either. No wonder.
Hope that it's something serious. I mean, I hope you die. WQM. Hello.
Yes, sir. How about Q.A.M. for your poll?
Most overrated? Yes, sir.
Based on what? Who's ready to find?
Based on sports. Not because you're on it, but just based on sports.
Okay. I don't have any problem with that. All right, Neil.
Thanks. If you want to put me on there, I wouldn't mind either, but nobody has yet. That's okay.
WQM. The sports thing. Q.A.M. That's fine.
Now, clearance will probably come in. Oh, gee. How can you do that? Very easy. Very simple. Okay.
Simple things for simple things, clearance.
I hope he and Doug have a real good time going through the DCS.
I probably get some good yaks and good laughs hearing a lot of things that you folks won't be able to hear in no mole.
Although that is one thing we still can play.
But not after Monday. I think Monday is the little deadline for that.
No, no, no. I'm not really sure why. And of course, the mole bits.
I don't think there are any of the mole bits. I mean, he's getting rape-titted and, uh, I don't know.
There's this. And of course, those sounds simulating sexual activity.
See, that's another thing because they're reading our minds.
They're reading. They're reading Bokeh Brian's mind when he did those bits.
They know exactly what he had in mind like that discussion.
We had about that bit, the lashing of the Christ in there.
And you think it's right. And I think it's really bad. Well, I know exactly what you're saying, but they're not going to agree with you.
Because they're disagreeable.
I got a great article if I never print this damn thing out by a Carl Bernstein just rips.
And Carl Bernstein, remember Woodward and Bernstein, sure.
Carl Bernstein, we've got a little personality. You ever see Woodward, Bob Woodward on TV?
No.
He is as wooden as a cigar-ster Indian man. I have never had a brilliant guy, you know.
Give him all the credit in the world. Good writer.
But boy on TV, he is as wooden as the county you're sitting at right now.
Here, Wolf, which is to...
Oh, there's Paul Grammer. There's another BS guy.
Twenty to one at 560 QAM.
My life and law. This is Fort Real 560.
QAM.
Oh!
Oh!
Have a million dollar we give.
I've heard men never give QAM.
Fifty-six.
Where would you be in Orlando?
All about ten minutes.
Oh! For my amers!
Sure. I'll just take the bullet train.
Now you can travel from Key West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida bullet train.
Thanks to your well-resourced landslide boat.
Now board on the bullet train for Yahoo! Junction!
A PAPA!
A PAPA!
A PAPA!
Oh! Come on, guy.
Why just take the Montereyle for some barbecue?
When the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa, you hide into this game day.
Where you can explore the tropical barrier reefs made entirely of Cuban buoys.
New Hollywood confidence and dependability of elected officials has finally paid off.
Take the Florida bullet train.
We travel information on the Florida bullet train called, wait a minute.
Wait.
It's the bullet train!
1245 at 560 WDQAM.
St. Pete Times.
Legendary reporter Carl Bernstein rifted last night about President Bush, the Martha Stewart trial the war in Iraq and his affection for Florida.
See nobody's perfect.
But he mostly talked about an epidemic that troubles him deeply these days.
He calls it, and I love the way he refers to it, the triumph of idiot culture.
Ain't that great?
I love it.
Speaking to a crowd of about 200 at the Wyndham West Shore in Tampa,
plays most of the blame on modern media outlets.
Bernstein, a former Washington Post journalist, who along with fellow reporter Bob Woodward on Earth,
said much of today's news has deteriorated into gossip, sensationlism, and manufactured controversy.
That type of news panders to the public and insults their intelligence ignoring the context of real life, he said,
good journalism burns the insidious challenged people, not just mindlessly amuse them.
Did that a die amuse you?
He said the modern press lacks true leadership, setting such examples as AOL Thai mortar and mogul rupper Murdoch
as media owners who have increasingly abandoned their principles of meaningful reporting.
Boy, he is absolutely, positively.
Absolutely correct sir.
Their interest in truth is secondary to their interest in huge profits Bernstein said.
Still, he said people can change the trend by exploring the internet and piecing together from reputable sources of their own news about important world matters.
How do you like that, a man of our own heart?
He offered another solution to avoiding the transit fills their waves,
changed the damn channel simple. What a concept!
Bernstein also toured his election yesterday to the coming election, calling President Bush the most radical president of my lifetime and perhaps in the century.
He said, Bush is radical in every degree from a favoritism of the wealthy to preemptive foreign policy to allow you concern for civil rights.
He certainly seems more ideological than any of our presidents, Bernstein said.
Even so, Bernstein said he hopes a genuine debate can take place this year about the future of our country rather than the petty quarrels and meaning of the past.
Even with the accusations that's well-pandabinated campaign coverage.
Let's move beyond the absurd name, calling and sound by journalism. He said it's our job to force a real debate.
It won't happen.
Friars he might, Bernstein, couldn't escape the growth of watergate even for one night.
A man stood during the post-speech question and answers such nasty of deep throat.
The anonymous source by, used by Woodward and Bernstein was a real person.
Bernstein smiled, broken into an impression of Nixon, grumbling to an assistant and wondering himself about deep throat's identity.
Finally, Bernstein said it is one person we didn't make him up and when deep throat dies, we'll reveal him.
We'll drag him out of the closet.
Wait till you hear this.
Okay.
Wanna stay fit and healthy?
Not really.
Oh, well, if you do.
All right.
Two top French nutritionists are telling people to go for a big Mac and keep their fingers off in traditional French quiche.
In an unexpected message to a country priding itself on the superiority of its food, a new food guide praises the McDonald's burger for having a higher and healthier protein to fat ratio than France's quiche Lorraine.
Strangely enough, the products which are the most demonized are not necessarily the worst John Michael Cohen.
John Michael Cohen.
Oi!
And Patrick Seraud wrote in their book, Savoie Manjeur.
Manjeur, Savoie Manjeur, whatever.
I hate that French.
In which they analyze 5,000 dishes available in shops and restaurants, the verdict published this month comes as McDonald's, launches a new campaign that healthier food choices to its menus.
It also said it's limiting supersize, no more poversizing and no more suffering, could drag in a 10 gallon size, like 7-11.
I'll have the one that's just got a big hose and they put in a bathtub.
What is this thing about property?
Oh, here we go with another campaign.
Oh, geez.
Stop.
Stop.
Do you believe this?
That's why I've launched my property tax comment.
Well, good luck, Yanrique.
You're the wrong and the wrong.
I don't think I like.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
Everybody's got a cause.
Oh, come on, Neil.
Help us out.
Like the one that always faxed me that stuff about the school, whatever that deal you know what I'm talking about.
Oh, are you the cause to live?
Yeah, the cause to live.
Line 9's ringing.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
I like to nominate somebody in state Adams.
Ronnie Reagan.
Ronnie Reagan.
Excellent choice.
And thank you so much.
Ronald Reagan, you got it, Josh?
Josh, you got it.
Remember Ronald Reagan.
Of course, Ronnie Reagan don't remember him either.
That was really bad.
That was a cheap shot at Port Ronnie, okay, with his trickle down.
In fact, Nancy said it's trickling down all the time now.
The past 11 is a breakaway.
Congressman O'Gall, stop!
Holy bucket of life, Colonel the man.
There you go.
We're these sectors that are going to have two penalties.
Leach is in all the line.
But Gully, stop out there.
Leach's on the K. Robertson front of an empty leash.
Leach, I did you the garrers!
Get Gary Roberts, catch him.
Yeah, touch this.
Anyway, there's a great Joe Bowen.
Leach's feet totally last night, three, two, hung on for dear life.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and no judges.
Pretty far enough about that.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, here's Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Donald Trump?
Donald, oh, excellent.
We were talking about him this morning.
Thank you so much.
How about him?
Thank you.
Which leads me into the story.
Did I print that out?
I'm sure I did.
About Donald Trump.
That is the latest ego trip.
But, you know, here it is.
Trump seeks to trademark your fired.
I mean, that's like saying, I'm going to trademark bye-bye.
John McLaughlin from that show going, bye-bye.
Or Justin Tinkerbell's going to trademark, bye-bye-bye!
Yeah.
How do you like them, apples?
What did you see?
When these ash diners wears the beef, Nike committed sports to us to just do it.
Now Donald Trump is seeking, you know what this reminds me of?
When Nancy Reagan said, just say no.
How about if Nancy Reagan trademarked?
No.
Huh?
No.
Oh, no!
Can't say it.
Nancy's got the trademark.
No.
Donald wants to trademark another pithy phrase, your fired.
The real estate mogul and reality TV star and A-hole has fired a trademark application for
the phrase, according to the West Patent of Trademark Orphysis website.
Known for his god-e-cocinos and unusual mane of copper hair, Trump dismisses underlings
on the hit TV show The Apprentice with a curt, your fired, which rhymes with, retired,
you're fired.
I watched that show once.
If you paid me by the second, I wouldn't watch it again.
But it's a big hit.
Okay, so it's American Idol.
Trump said he intended to emblase your fired on games and casino services and your fired
Donald J. Trump on clothing.
Oh, let's go out and buy it.
He needs the cash, oh bad.
Poor baby, other tyrannical bosses who won't have to alter their vocabulary if the application
wins approval, a US patent and trademark office official said it only protect those specific
uses on his merchandise.
A trademark attorney listed on the application did not immediately return to call seeking comment.
You're fired.
What a sad, sad state of affairs.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Line the Mad Dog at 2, the Humper
from Vegas at 4.
Panthers in the trashers from Atlanta at 7 o'clock pregame tonight, 7, 30 game time.
Big game.
WQM, hello.
Hey, read my lips, Mr. Neal.
Mr. Bush, my soul will go down as the worst president in US history.
Okay, thanks for the bulletin.
WQM, hello.
I know.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Good morning.
I'm listening to our first time calling.
Hello.
Right.
Actually, not first time.
I called a long time ago, but I heard you in a long time because of my radio busted in my car.
Damn it.
Yeah.
Anyway, this one I asked you.
You're a bunch of Comedy Central?
Yes.
You're a D-Shapelle show.
No.
No.
Well, there's a black man who can make fun of himself.
So, I don't know.
Give it a try, Neal.
Okay.
I got a request.
Yes, sir.
Taitoni.
Taitoni, I think we can actually still play that.
Thanks a lot.
I'm not still we can't.
Can we?
I don't know.
Well, let's give it a try.
We'll just go on a Taitoni.
How old is a black man?
I'm Tami from Taitoni.
Saying for the best Taiton food and the best service.
As long as you're not black, comment down to Taitoni or South Beach.
We know like black people.
Stay on keep well.
Besides, why black people want to eat Taiton anyway?
We're not have bright chicken on the menu.
Oh, wait.
I forget.
We have spare ribs.
Luchin, I talk.
What's the spare ribs are menu?
Hit the button.
So, if you're not black, comment down to Taitoni.
Come to think of it.
Those damn gay people.
We know like them either.
Should they tip food?
But they talk too loud with funny lips.
They snub other customers.
No come back.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, let the people.
You make reservation for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and explain your table.
We give to someone else already.
Let the people always lay.
No black, no gay, no letter and Taitoni.
And Jewish people, you start figuring all of them.
Who cares who have what?
Pay with the angle.
Set it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try to divide up the bill.
We know what you hear.
No Jew, no black, no fact, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better than everybody else.
Come play too much if we don't kiss your ass.
You will not come back.
No white, no black, no Jew, no letter of no gay.
Everybody else for the best Taiton food.
Hurry before we have to close.
I guess we're all out of that.
I guess he covered all the bases.
Wally B faxes and says for the, what is it?
From the what is worth the apartment?
I decided it was easy to create a note of my own and send it to most of the addresses in my email address book.
Then to try to fill in the form on stopfcc.com.
This is the note.
I don't ask for much, but I'd really appreciate it if you would take a look at the following side.
Take a moment if you agree.
Register your signature.
Walt and then he's got the address stopfcc.com.
It's him more personal.
I have to get some positive results as I send it out to...
...the third man.
...plus people.
Good luck to us all and words my cheap gas.
Oh thank you Mr. President for that cheap gas.
Five and the local.
This is five cities.
Three is all yours.
Thank you Ian.
But heads, it's the one to do our.
Bush hates gas.
Bush hates gas.
See how her past, a gay amendment then.
We're off to sentences where they go to become a married home.
Oh, Moe's disgusted unless you're ahead to welcome Bush hates gas.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
We Matetta!
215560, No work of 100 bigger.
Now over to Big O The Big Holy.
Yeah weapons of ores and wireless.
18903 Glades Roy ing Boca, Stanford.
Step IQ.
The speed flour.
Before high way standard classical carriers in Brazil-
early before the food disappears. It hasn't happened to do that, I'm sure.
I just discovered thanks to this fax you sent me a really neat website.
Besttalkradio.com. Do you ever see it? Nope, never heard of it.
These are the eyes. And you click on there and it's got
blurbs about different talk people. There's Howard Spurman,
we're right underneath. The only thing is, I wish they'd changed the time because it's got
9 a.m. to 1 p.m. I don't want to nitpick though.
They've got the stop FCC.com logo on there for people to click on. They got a link.
You want to link to our website? There's your old friend Phil.
Are you sure? Well, our former friend Phil and Jim Phillips monsters in the midday and a bunch of people.
But it's got my picture there with it. Stoke in my purse. It's a nice website.
Besttalk. What is it? Besttalkradio.com.
So thanks guys, whoever you are. This story here.
Here's an idea. Some of you people out there that are plotting and planning how you're going to survive
through these tough times ahead. The retired Chicago school teacher died April 28, 1982.
But her pension tech kept coming or kept coming for 18 more years. And her son kept signing her name and cashing them,
pocketing more than $278,000, according to criminal charges,
for out yesterday and federal court in Boston.
Philip W. Hyde, after a query from a pension fund official in 1997, informed them that his mother,
Maryann, was continuing to receive her monthly checks at his Cambridge home, noting that she is frail and has good days and bad days.
And it's difficult for her to get out of the house.
An employee of the public school teacher's pension and retirement fund in Chicago called Hyde in July 2000,
after spotting a list that indicated that his mother had died and demanded a speak to her,
coined her federal court documents. Hyde allegedly said his mother, who would have been 100 by them,
was ill after suffering a stroke and couldn't speak on the phone.
This is a great scam.
Got in, keeping in mind?
Yeah, I got in.
The following month, Hyde sent a letter to the pension fund, claiming that after being in a coma for a month,
his mother died August 9, 2000 in his home, 18 years after her actual death at the age of 82.
He enclosed a copy of a paid death notice he had placed in Boston Globe August 12, 2000.
She was a wonderful teacher for many years in Chicago. She lived a long fulfilling life, or very proud of her.
Yesterday, federal prosecutors charged Hyde with mail fraud for falsifying documents to conceal his mother's death from the pension fund.
Hyde is accused of building the fund out of a total of $317,678.
Well, what a shame.
This is cute. It's an unlikely pairing.
Portographic film director James DeGeorgio has grouped with a Christian anti-porn group to make a public service announcement,
urging parents to keep adult videos and magazines away from kids.
DeGeorgio says materials like those are not for kids just like liquor and cigarettes.
He says extraordinary steps are needed to protect children from them.
But he says making the commercial starring children's puppets instead of porn stars was like being in an alternate reality.
Some people in the porn industry aren't happy with this message, and they're calling him a turn coat.
They said it was kind of a turnaround.
Back, back, come.
Helicopter over there. They keep showing that chopper over there. Helicopter over Baghdad.
They got that. I'll also hear you yet. No. Huh? No.
I'm in the parliament. They don't have him yet.
560, 7.0560, 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, Marla Slahn. QA&M, hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Jordan, you're trying to patent your case.
Yeah, okay, Reverend Jordan, it's drafted. WQM, hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am.
I'd like to vote against the screen list because I'm this kind of hearing you rather than a phone ringing in my mouth.
Oh, sorry, but we're not going to stop doing it though.
Okay, darn it. Listen, there's a great website that my broker turned me on to that.
I don't know if you've heard of it, but it is absolutely awesome and completely anti-bush.
It's called moveon.org. Have we heard of it?
Oh, I've never heard of it. I've never heard you speak of it.
We have a lot of like this.
We, I don't know. You're not following the bouncing balls. We have a link to it on our website.
We've talked about it at length. Every time they have a special thing going on, we talk about it on the air,
put it on our website. The big pusher and mover and shaker moveon.org. We love them.
Absolutely. I completely support them and we'll be sending them my money.
Excellent. Frequently.
Okay. All right.
Have a great day with our thanks. Bye. Bye.
Ever heard that? No, it is.
5, 6, 7. And she means well. Don't be picking on her. She means well. She just missed the thing or two here and there.
A pound, five, sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
He's the brains of Al Qaeda that Dr. I'm in the prime in Al Zawahiri. He's the doctor.
They got him yet. He's cornered though.
He's cornered like a little broom closet.
You know, I don't want to sound suspicious.
But the last time everything started falling apart for the bushmeister and things started to cave in.
Remember all of a sudden on the Sunday morning they found Sodom? There he is. We got him.
Palm Bremmers says we got him.
And then of course we had the grotesque attack on the hotel and bagged that and all the people dying.
Well, I'm not too sure how many body parts they piece together, but a lot of people died.
And it was a really nasty stuff and the very next day all of a sudden the pack he said,
Hey, we got him. We know where he is now. We got him cornered just out of nowhere.
So those people who keep talking about the October surprise wouldn't be no surprise to me at all.
At all. WQM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir. Hey, man. How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, you know, the government, I think it's probably too top-head.
What is it? Top-head, these government.
Yeah.
You're talking to the end.
I got it. Shit.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
So little time, you know.
So many goofballs and so little time.
Let's see what we got here. Howard Stern, which of these people places or businesses you think is most overrated?
Mostly hype.
Howard Stern, 99 Joe Stone, crab 94 George W. Bush, 69.
Oh, he ain't got to like that number.
Rush level, he might. Rush level 38. Walmart, 38. Outback steakhouse, 37.
Why are they so hostile about that? Maybe they got a bad steak.
South beats 37, Larry King, 29. Disney, 28. Ricky Tiki, Sanchez, 25.
Planet Hollywood, 24. The Rascal House, 22. Hard Rock Cafe, 17. Jimmy Buffett, 15. Curtis Holt and 15. Alex Penelas.
I got to really control myself.
Alex Penelas, 12. Alien Gonzalez, 8. Smith and Wendell, 8. Niagara Falls, 6.
How could it only have 6? I guess they never been there. Right.
Paul Castan over four, Donald Trump four, Benefer three, Chuck E. Cheese three, George Lucas three,
Bayside three, the Swap Shop two, one for QIM and Osports nerds, Ronnie Reagan one,
Miami C. Quorum one, Bahamas none, Simon Callanon, Sagras Mills, Malone and David Tugerman's mother don't have any yet.
Ha, ha, ha, out of 650 vote. Well, everybody else is on there. Why not her?
W. Q. A. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
W. Q. A. Hello, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if you caught the other night on Paul's arm.
They had Randy Rhodes and some other fellow. No, I didn't see that. Yeah, they were talking about.
Yeah, she was on with some guy out of Midwest who's a right-winger bush liquor. He's some bald gay-looking fellow with a little hair under his lip.
He had a hair lip? Oh, but yeah, he was passing him out. She said she kept saying mark 29.
You just wait, mark 29. She said there's a new liberal media to come up against the right.
Yeah, I was just wondering if you could tell me anything about that. I wasn't heard about it.
If it's supposed to be or if it's... Yeah, it's an outward thing. I got Al Franken on him in a day and he got Randy's going to still be on three to seven at a regular time.
I hate to say it. I wish you were all lucky in the world with her, you know, a jappy style, but just liberals just aren't into that.
I hope I...
The show seemed to have just a little bit of a left plant.
Oh, no, no. It's not going to have a left just a little bit. It's a liberal network.
No, I mean...
The show seemed to be treating her well and then...
Oh, I see. I don't know. Paul's on. Paul's on. Don't have any left to it till. Believe me.
Oh, really? No way.
Well, shameless Neil. I want to call Larry a douchebag.
Oh...
Hmm...
Well...
Anyway, so 11 after 1 at 560 W. Kim, talk about a guy that's out of touch with reality, you know what?
Sounded like a, you know, kind of like a real human being living and breathing. He just isn't... he's not keeping up to date.
President Lincoln enjoyed most of the play. That's a good news.
Hey, if you want to know more about following a low carb diet, you want the best tasting biggest selection of low carb foods,
then here's where you ought to go. Head forward to the Lights of West Boka.
Whether you're starting or restarting the African Sugar Buster South Beach, or any low carb sugar-free diet,
the Lights of West Boka has always been the number one low carb store in America.
And for a good reason, because they've got a humongous selection over 1200 low carb products to choose from,
including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips, brownies, chocolates, carbolite, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes, and lots more.
And don't forget if it's new and great tasting, the lights will have it first.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10, you can always sample before you buy.
They've got a friend-day knowledgeable staff, and they carry the most complete line of African-branded products,
you'll be finding anywhere that are on sale today.
Next, Sookas all day every day.
The Lights of West Boka, can we say Sookas? I don't think so.
The Lights of West Boka is on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 next to Boston Market, or call our toll-free number,
1-877-LowCarb-L-O-W-C-A-R-V, or on awebitslowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only 1D Lights of West Boka at your official Atkins Retail Center.
The Lights of West Boka, can we say Sookas?
Get none.
Yeah, it's he escapes you.
You lie and you scheme.
Randy, dream on Randy.
You'll never have me.
No.
Sorry, steamboat Randy.
Little bitch with dreams.
Going down life's sink in highway is that dark.
Lonely clouds.
Everyone knows the only one who's ego's in the clouds.
That bloodshotted wasted talking trash with a smile.
You had a sub-year ass and they've been out in a while.
Welcome.
It ain't been out.
But of course, I just found a course, COAR, and see.
1-18 at 560 WQAM, all the bleeps all the time.
Look at that, Howard Stern, Joe Stonecrab, a dead deflat putty time in 1-8.
Which of these people, places or businesses you think is the most overrated, mainly hype.
We're almost to 700 votes.
It's not too shabby.
666 will get there.
I noticed though that we got like 6500 people, signatures from a Florida.
And during the course of the show today about 285, something like that.
Not bad, but nothing like the last couple of days.
You see if you don't keep banging on it, banging on it.
Right.
Now somebody might say, well, everybody who's going to sign those things is already done it.
I don't think so.
I really don't think so.
I mean, look yourself in a mirror.
As we have to start doing juvenile stuff, talking to people like five-year-old children on the radio.
And on TV.
And keep in mind that what they have in mind is not just what they're doing right now.
They got cable.
Michael Powell has made it very clear.
He will not be satisfied till the FCC has a jurisdictional over cable.
And like Tom Jiccarotin is a pretty damn good article of, how can they do that?
It's not over the year.
It comes on a wire into your house and you pay for it.
You used to pay for it.
I see.
Cable.
And then of course satellite.
Right.
And satellite radio.
And you can do that.
And then of course, public peace of resistance.
Last but certainly not least will be the Internet.
So all these really neat and creative and informative websites that we like to read and give us some real information as opposed to government spoon fed propaganda.
They'll be gone if they have their way.
So you make it, you know, make up your own mind.
You want to do something about it and make a message.
Set a message like Joey Zaza.
I hope you just want to sit back and be a large ass, a nerd all your life.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yes, I speak to me.
Speaking, yes.
Hi.
Well I talked about this profile, anything?
Yeah.
The channel for the court TV.
Yes.
A vegetation trial.
Right.
They have to be insane.
He said the F word.
They made him say on the air, which came across the air.
Why is that allowed?
It shouldn't be.
Cable.
Right.
It was just right.
But what?
No, George is right.
Court TV is cable.
It is court TV.
So I was.
He wasn't allowed to say the F word.
You have to say the exact word.
So he made him say that.
Right.
Cable.
That's the answer.
Cable.
Let me say it again.
Cable.
But that was part of the ruling today along with the affines against Howard Stern and
the two Florida station chief channel and the set, Bano because of ruling now being.
And the reason they can't find him is because they can't make it retroactive to when he said that.
But they're making it very clear that on over the air radio and TV now, not cable.
Over the year, the F word is unacceptable under any circumstances in the West of A.
Can't be said.
Now of course, when you're watching a ball game, I mean, talk a lot about your hypocrites and phonies.
You're watching a ball game NFL game hockey game broadcast live over the year.
And they got they have the microphones down on the field and down near the ice.
Now, see here the sound effects that makes it sound more exciting and you're like you're almost there.
And there I can't even imagine getting through a whole game where you don't hear the F word and the what kind of a F and call was that.
I mean, it's so common, but that's okay because it sports.
See, maybe there are a bunch of sports nerds at the FCC too.
Maybe they like clearance.
Maybe they like to have their way with clearance.
Somebody Q and hello.
Yes, sir, speaking.
You just said something and made me wonder because I've been thinking about this.
Clear channel page, supposedly, is $100,000 fine.
And you just said that they can't do something retroactive.
How do they go about raising the limit of the fine?
No, no, that wasn't that wasn't an increased fine.
That was for something that happened nine times.
There was 27,500 times nine.
Bubba loves punch.
They can't make the amount of the fines retroactive now.
Right.
But you see that the deal is as it stands right now, it's 27,500 free violation.
So if you were to say a certain word like 10 times, it would be like $2,750 grand.
I mean, $275,000, sir.
But it's so ambiguous.
I just thought that clear channel could have hired a lawyer for $700,000 to beat this because they've got to pay.
They tried.
They fought it.
Oh my God.
Anyway, God save us.
Okay, amen.
I would lot more than nine times my math is pretty faulty there.
And it was the whole bunch of times.
The whole series of stuff with Bubba loves punch.
So you figured out you do the math 27,500 into whatever it is.
$750,000, then they had the $253,000, $5WDC with Elliott in the morning.
So there's a million.
And now they got these two for whatever the two little stations are in Florida and four Pearson four Myers.
Let me say it again.
Clear channel.
You're the anti-crash.
You're a bunch of hypocrites and phonies.
You're destroyed the radio business.
No mistake about it.
The disgrace.
They've taken all of the joy out of radio.
For the people who listen to it, the people who work in it, the people who would like to work in it.
Clear channel has taken the joy and the excitement and the thrill because all they do is do cookie cutter radio.
Maybe now the government may try to show, we'll see.
We're not in bed with Clear channel.
We're finding the hell out of them.
And like I said yesterday, when you grossed $9 billion last year, what's a million dollars in fines, huh?
It's a cost of doing business.
$9 billion.
All the outdoor billboards, all the concert venues, I mean they got a monopoly like to which almost nobody's ever seen.
Keep channel.
And of course they've distorted another way too because not only have they taken all the variety up by not having a local programming and just syndicating the same, the same half dozen clowns in every market in the country.
But anybody who wants to get into business, I mean, where you're going to, if you don't like who you're going to be,
where you're working for right now, where you're going to go away.
If they treat you like crap, go pump gas down at the Chevron.
They're doing pretty good.
$5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, God.
Your buddy.
Yeah, George, you'll see you this weekend, okay?
I'll be looking for you tomorrow at the Florida Pompano, 1101.
Come on, Bob.
Oh, in fact, George is going to have at Ted Williams, autographed baseball bat for you.
Sure, and a special sandwich.
Right.
And if you can only see, I hear WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, good afternoon.
Yes, sir, okay.
Okay, first I have an addition for your list.
I don't know if she's on, but Rosie O'Donnell or Britney Spears for sure.
Rosie O'Donnell.
I mean, she's got such a following that the almost unbelievable.
Very sad.
You know, it's interesting that you told my Chris Matthews earlier.
You know, I quite be sure the other night when he a hunts Lexon and.
Well, the minute, the minute Burns looks at it, you know, giving real facts, real information.
It was like Matthews was out of his element.
Yeah.
I mean, this guy has gone out of his way to protect for so much.
It's ridiculous.
I mean, whatever there's a talk about Bush in danger, he constantly shows his ads over and over again.
I mean, this guy's got 150 million dollar ad campaign running.
And this guy's giving him free promotion.
Almost five to six times.
Well, anybody that would say to a guy of the stature of Hans Blix at the end of the interview,
well, good luck with the book.
I mean, what's the point?
You know, now you understand why nobody watches MSNBC.
Yeah, I just have to, I only realized why I watch it was because I heard he was going to be on.
And it really was worth watching.
You know, interesting.
I know you don't like Bill Maugh, but the other night he had, you know, the other night he had a guest on,
including George Carlin, but he also had the former prime minister of Canada on a woman named Kim Campbell.
And she had the greatest thing that she said.
She stated that if you live in a society where nothing offends you, then you're not living in a free society.
Yeah.
Kim Campbell is the former prime minister of Canada.
Of Canada, yes.
Hmm.
Not like that.
I thought for me that had been the best quote of this of the New Millenium.
Really? I thought it was beautiful.
Okay, well, don't make that mistake again.
Okay, take care.
See you.
Kim Campbell.
Was she kind of glant?
I'm going to have to look that up.
I remember up here, Elliot Tudot.
I remember Jean Crchon.
We got Paul Martin, now, who's in my book kind of a little on the week side, very plastic, very cookie cutter kind of guy.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQ.
I've been telling you for a long time.
If you want a new mattress, there's only one smart way to do it.
Make that one easy call to the Alamad, first one 800 mattress.
Here are a few more reasons to be making that cool.
The Alamad, first backs up everything they say in advertising 100% that their competitors still use lots of false deceptive claims to make along through a short, they lie to you.
When you see a mattress said, making outrageous claims, hard vices, redefine print.
Here's an example.
You see big headlines that say free frame, free setup, pre removal.
Tiny print underneath says it only applies to luxury models, or you have to live so close to the story and be their next door neighbor, or it's for something that you don't need like a frame and guess what?
Most people don't need a frame and stores won't apply credit to something else instead.
It seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to your purchase.
Was that course?
Yes, it was.
Of course.
At Dona, mattress, there ads have no tiny print, no BS, no lies, no disfambers, every single Dona, mattress delivery includes free setup and pre delivery.
Whether it's a top of the line set or a twin mattress for a bunk bed or anything in between, and don't forget Dona, mattress delivery terms apply wherever you live too.
No exceptions from Kindle to Stewart, from Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
Dona, mattress reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know what you're buying, even if you decide not to buy from them.
So if you're really tired of the old lumpy, bumpy mattress, it's worn out and you want to get you a great night sleep for a long time to come.
Do the smart thing.
It's the honest way to get a great night sleep call 1-800-MACRIS, 1-800-MATTR-ES, or log onto their website, mattress.com.
You might have lost.
This is SportsWiddleFixing QAM.
This is a great night sleep call 1-800-MATTR-ES, or log onto your website, mattress.com.
This is a great night sleep call 1-800-MATTR-ES, or log onto your website, mattress.com.
This is a great night sleep call 1-800-MATTR-ES, or log onto your website, mattress.com.
This is kind of cute. The groom kissed the groom since the New York Daily News, the bride kissed the bride in the champagne float,
three same sex couples exchanged vows on the steps of New York City Haudiest today,
in a public decoration of love and a message to lawmakers.
By the power vested in me by the state of New York can perform any wedding, but this one I now pronounce you married, said Rabbi Ellen Lipin.
As she solemnized, solemnized, the marriage of BC Craig 40 and Ruth Finkelstein 49.
The couple together 12 years kissed under a traditional Jewish canopy known as Chupa, a beggar partner,
and as their son Sam three best in the glow. That's not how you pronounce that.
Kippa? No, Kippa is a Yarmulka. What is a Chupa?
Well, I know the Chupa Copper.
No, no, no, no, not a Spaniol. Don't start with a Spaniol crab.
No, no, no.
Anyway, two other couples Montel Sherry Slack and Michelle Sherry Slack, both 30 of Brooklyn, home,
and Bradley Curry 40 and Mel Bryan 38 of Manhattan.
Also exchange vows is dozens of clergy pledged to continue married same sex couples.
A heterosexual couple can meet on the subway at 7 a.m. and be the city clerk's office by three asking for marriage license and they would get it.
Michelle Sherry Slack said, we love each other. We're committed to one of those so we deserve to have those same legal rights.
Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgan Thou said he will not file criminal charges against any of the participants because there's been no definitive ruling from the courts on the legal and constitutional issues surrounding same sex marriages in New York.
Morgan Thou differed sharply from his counterpart in Upstate Alster County where the DA is prosecuting two unitarian misters and new Paul ministers and new Paul's mayor Jason West for performing marriages without licenses.
Mayor Bloomberg, who has been used to take a public stand on gay marriage, said jokingly he was sorry to have missed his ceremonies, which he described as more theater than anything else.
He's an idiot, by the way, Mayor Bloomberg, just as Dr. Atkins White.
I love this story. We're going to keep an eye on this one for you. I will anyway. Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Former employees of whole food markets have sued the natural food supermarket operator, saying it didn't take proper action to prevent a male customer from parading through a Santa Fe store,
wearing white see-through biking shorts with no underwear.
Closing arguments in the case were held yesterday, but we're still I'm still awaiting. I got my eye on it for the final resolution.
Maria Bautista and seven other plaintiffs are suing out in New Mexico's Human Rights Act, saying the store fostered an environment of discrimination and sexual harassment that caused them emotional distress.
They are seeking an unspecified amount of damages. Oh, brother.
They also claim the store ignored their complaints about a middle-aged man in the seat you body hugging shorts and fired one of them in retaliation for a complaint.
Like I said, you go, girls. They claimed the man was not escorted out of the store, even though employees asked managers to whack.
The incident took place at the Santa Fe store about four years ago.
So they must have got a good attorney, I guess, huh?
Oh, record. That's what that's all about.
5670560.
Pound 5660 on the AT&T Inforizon Wireless Line. WQA. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Just now Neil is Kupa.
Kupa? Kupa.
What the hell is that?
It's like the Arctic goes over the Mary couple.
Oh, it sounds like some bubble ice you to me. Okay, that's what I'm calling.
It's like a trowelist that goes over the Mary couple.
Okay, thanks. Good y'all to see you.
To the pontiff. Thank you.
Okay, this is one of our Jewish, I mean Jewish listeners.
Howard Stern 107.
Hype. Overrated.
Joe Stone crab, 101.
Well, what a battle between those two.
George W. Those coming up from the rear.
78.
Rush Limbaugh, 44. He's right on his ass.
South Beach, 43. Walmart, 41.
The Outback, 38. Come on.
Have you ever had that walk about soup?
Yes, I have. It's great.
And that blue man onion?
I could take a bath at it.
What's not to like with that? I don't know.
I don't remember the stakes.
Maybe they just don't like their meal.
The only thing I've never had a good time with is getting a seat.
If you don't show up like really early.
Well, at least it's not like Daltz. They don't have cheese on the seat.
That's probably why Daltz went out of business.
I just love saying that. I like Daltz a lot.
Daltz was good.
You ever go to Daltz? Yes, I have.
In the past, when they were open, when they were in business.
Back in the day.
Kendall.
But everything was like covered with cheese.
Which unfortunately for me, I like cheese, which is very bad for you.
It gives you oil, clogs your eye.
It's not good.
But I used to joke about the fact that even the seats you have cheese on them.
And of course now I would put some of these buttons to make that sound.
But we can't do that no more.
We can't cut the cheese. How do you like that?
Oh, God.
Whoever heard us such madness.
You see, I don't want to start belly-ick.
Because I'll do whatever the hell they say. I want the money.
You know.
But I mean, I think that they've gone overboard.
It's one thing to proceed with an abundance of caution.
It's another thing to proceed with an abundance of paranoia and hysterian psychosis.
Insertity.
Right.
So the idea that fart noises are somehow offensive to the average person out there is so ludicrous based on any standards.
Even a five-year-old child if they heard that would laugh their ass off.
That is somehow going to be offensive.
I mean, that's always the excuse.
The children, the children like that one bit says.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, well, we know that.
Speaking of the children.
I guess he knows that his granddaughter cut these bits for our show.
That's not how it's granddaughter.
Who is that?
That's the Boka Brian's grandson.
Oh, how do we know a little boy, little girl, all sound the same to me?
No, the seriously, how was that supposed to know that?
I thought you told me yesterday that it was a most granddaughter.
We have one.
We have one what?
One drop from those granddaughter.
And what did she say?
Neil Rogers loves my pot.
And?
Jesus for the humble.
Well, put those two together, okay?
21 till 2 at 560 WQAM.
My, my, and local.
We're sports radio 560, QAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Everyone loved William Hungs bang up job on American Idol.
And now all of William Hungs greatest hits are on one amazing CD.
It's hung up on hung.
One, two, three, four.
But maybe it's in the home, it's around because she run me through.
And I know my show.
Yes, from Outcast to Jailow.
Everyone's hung up on hung.
Jailrow in the house.
Don't be fooled by a rock that I got.
I fear I feel beautiful and breath.
He used to have a little.
Now he has a lot of tone deaf fans who can't get them out of hung up on hung.
You can fire me in a club, barra for a bob.
But I know what you need.
If you need a pure of fun.
It's worth a lot more than 50 cents.
Or now you'll also get this free bonus CD.
An American Idol loser sings the American Idol winners.
Oh, fair and rough.
What happened to me?
It means a pandemic?
No wrong I need to be the fanciful.
Come on.
Oh, you win wrong.
East true.
William Hungs hung up on hung is only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame.
So don't delay.
Calm now.
145 at 560 W.C.M. got an email from Tom Jicke up moment ago.
Thanks for your help, Tommy.
Yeah, his calm tomorrow, which I read earlier, because it was on a website.
So why not?
And also he tells me that on page one tomorrow there's going to be a story in the sunset.
I'm all about the QAM deals now with our censorship.
Okay, that's being imposed by the FCC and by the corporate lawyers and this and that.
So it'll be on a front page.
Thanks Tommy, like I said, he said Greg didn't return his call because he's not very jackass.
Dude, I don't want to defend Greg because for me it's a great out of town this week.
I do believe I don't.
Yeah, that's what I was told.
So maybe that's the reason he didn't return your call of Tom.
Probably ought to be talking to a muff or clearance.
Like I said, the muff Lindsay because if you talk to clearance, all he can tell you about is sports.
I'm going to play this in scores.
I'm going to give you some ball scores five six seven oh five sixty.
A pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Maddog coming up at two, hopper from Vegas at four and then we got the Panthers at Atlanta.
Big game against the trashers seven o'clock pregame game time seven thirty tonight.
WQAM. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did I hear you call the mad dog a sports nerd earlier?
No, but he is.
Well, what does that mean?
Maybe that's PR agent.
I see he's a sports nerd.
Yes, a good one.
He's the best.
WQAM. Hello.
Yes, like speaking, please.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Call from Los Angeles.
All right.
I want to catch you a couple questions.
I haven't listened for a couple months.
I remember you played a really great audio bit from the CBC about the President Bush and the
L. F.F. family.
Right.
Is there any way to get a hold of that?
I said in the archives on our website, it would still be on our George.
I would assume.
Yeah, you can go to the NeilRages.com.
Well, you obviously are if you're listening and check the archives.
I think it's on there.
Fantastic.
Everybody I talked to about that.
There's tons of facts on there that so many people I speak with have no idea about.
They've been asking if I get a lot of.
Well, they hear one here in the mainstream US news.
That's for damn sure.
Well, it takes too long to pay attention.
It can't be that.
Second question.
What do you think is small bill of season?
I have almost one minute of it.
What happened?
Neil, you love that show.
Nah, I'm burned out.
I was the same thing every single week.
I mean, you know, it was it was it just wasn't going anywhere.
I just lost interest.
Crypto and icondoms and prophylactic.
Yeah, it's the same kind of everything.
Same old stuff.
Oh, I still got the size 13.
So don't give up on it.
Okay, pal.
All right.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
There's somebody who's got the hots for Tom Welling.
No doubt he's a swelling about Tom Welling.
Oh, look, can we say that anymore?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Like I said, he's f***ing for Tom Welling.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
See, the one thing about this campaign,
it's like anything else.
If I stand here and pounded away on it every single day,
we'd be off the air.
We'd be out of business.
Right.
Because, you know, they get it's like anything else.
The short attention span where they work in public.
They get whipped up into a friend.
Not like the old days, man.
Not like in the 1670s.
They're just, I don't think it's ever going to be the same again.
I don't know what it takes.
In fact, the letter they edited I sent to the Sun
sent them by the way, Tom.
Never put it in there yet.
Send it last Saturday.
Haven't seen it yet.
And my question was, what does it take to light a fire
out of the American public?
How many rights do you have to take away?
How much censorship do you have to impose?
How much, how many threats do you have to make
before the public finally says,
and then every time you see these polls,
while it's Bush and Kierryans about 50-50,
based on what?
Anybody with less propaganda going for them
would be impeached already.
But instead of that, we've got, well, I know he's doing a good job
against terrorism and there he was with a flag check
at on with the troops, you know.
Oh, my goodness.
I mean, it's just, it's as scary as what it is.
Howard Stern is pulling away from Joe Stone Crabs
in the limo, which of these people, places or businesses,
do you think is the most overrated, strictly hyped,
mostly hyped?
Howard's got 110.
Remember, him used to be on the air in South Florida.
Hope.
Joe Stone Crabs Model 4.
George W is moving up fast.
The W. Mike's just got 86.
South Beach 48.
Large 46.
He had to make a stop at Wilma's house.
Walmart's 42.
The Alphanck 38.
Disney 31.
Larry King's got 31.
Uh-huh.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez 27.
Planet Hollywood 26.
Curris Hilton, that's Stanky, nasty bitch 25.
The Rascal has 24 and everybody.
Jimmy Buffett 19.
I wasn't going to give anything under 20.
Jimmy Buffett 19.
I can't stand Jimmy Buffett.
Oh, how can you say that?
He's what South Florida's all about.
Yeah.
That's a big part of the problem.
That's why I'm not there.
WQM, hello.
I don't need an E now.
WQM, hello.
I call the old.
Speaking.
Hey, do you have any archives of the, uh,
B.D. Curtin?
Or the what?
B.D. Curtin.
I'll be your old.
Well, archives are the B.D. Curtin.
I don't know about that.
Do we or do we not?
How's that work?
I don't know, eventually.
Eventually we'll work on it.
We'll have a collection for you, pal.
There's a lot of stories.
Spending a lot of time behind that B.D. Curtin.
Now, he didn't so old enough to be watching that for me.
He's sound over 80.
No.
I'm telling you, you think I'm joking.
If you click on that B.D. Curtin,
and then there's the additional thing you have to click to verify that you're over the age of 65.
And John asked cross eyes and I'd picture their moving.
They're following you.
They're watching your air of me movement, even including,
well, say I can't play that sound effect anymore.
There you can here.
Even including that movement.
Why?
In local.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't a UA.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Back in the day when someone done us wrong.
We didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, when the Japs dropped their bombs.
We bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that Saudi-loving retard,
points the bombers the wrong way.
And oven barrows to be in Americans,
where they follow those like cheese.
The United States of arrogance,
and by push and its family,
breathing at this country,
up, handling toys with our case in our history.
I don't want to be a tax America
in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously,
enter for to be.
And oven barrows to be in America,
where we ate triadically,
where the flag it would have,
with our head in the sand,
it blindly followed the powers that we have ascended.
Up, watching state balloons on a 65-inch screen,
scratcher balls and pie,
and everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
It's a 150-semin,
we got the Sports Energy Management coming along.
You know what's that guy trying to stir up the pot,
trying to stir the whole song of dance.
You're not gonna drive a wedge between me and old mad dog,
you have three of that.
How about a wedgey thing?
I'm the guy who taught him everything he knows about,
taking the money into the bank, he'll take it that.
Anyway, I never got a ride of this Lisa Marie story.
Now they kind of like soft pedal this and soft soap
did in the mainstream media over the last couple of days.
But the inquirer, which doesn't soft soap or soft pedal,
they occasionally drop the soap.
But this article says,
Lisa Marie confesses about Jekko,
a whole bunch of stuff here.
All right.
And let me just read a little bit, I got a little time.
Lisa Marie step uncle,
the Reverend Rich Stanley believes she's sitting on blockbuster information about Michael.
Reverend Stanley, a Baptist minister,
who shared pulpits with Billy Graham,
claims that Lisa Marie found explicit videotapes belong into Michael while she was married.
In January and I did,
he told the inquirer that he had a dramatic meeting with Lisa Marie,
set up by her desperately concerned mother Priscilla,
who hated her daughter's marriage to Michael.
Michael, Michael, motorcycle.
During the hearing,
a searing 10 hour session,
a Reverend Stanley asked Lisa Marie if she believed the model station charges
leveled by a youngster against Michael in 1993.
Reverend Stanley told the inquirer,
she said,
I didn't until I went to Michael's bedroom in the closet I found videos and magazines
that convinced me that the story is true.
Oh my God.
Although Lisa Marie never specifically described the content of the tapes to Reverend Stanley,
the preacher believes
Lisa Marie saw was obviously pornographic material.
Oh my God.
And in a shocking disclosure,
Reverend Stanley added she looked me in the eye and asked me point blank
if I thought that pedophiles could be cured.
Well, she might have just been asking, you know,
just for informational purposes.
Right.
The preacher who was Elvis's stepbrother says he advised her to get out of the relationship
as fast as you possibly can.
Hours later,
her Lisa Marie filed for divorce.
Now her fan spirit shall be put through the grueling experience
of testifying about all she knows ever since a roster in the interview.
Her official website's been a buzz with fans comments.
DA SNED is going to be calling you very soon.
She cannot refuse wrote one fan adding she brought this on herself.
Another one observed she opened a can of worms
and now she's going to have to deal with a backlash.
See, again, I could use one of them sounds here, but can't do it.
The backlash.
One word, admirer,
hopes Lisa Marie's comments don't land her in the hot seat,
but all signs point to it.
She's going to have a hot seat.
Reckhomes what they're saying now and that's bad.
Anyway,
we got, let's see, how it's turned 113 most overrated, mostly hype.
Joe Stone, Krabs 108,
George W 95, South Beach Fitty,
Wersley Maw 47, Walmart 43, and Outback 38.
I don't care what anybody says. I like the Outback.
Me too.
In fact, maybe I'll see you out back a little bit later on.
Maybe we'll all have a big meeting out back and find out what the hell is going on.
Bye bye bye!
Thank you, Roger Joe, I'm Faising,
I'm the only Q&A who might be for learning.
Hey, I don't miss a pickle.
