And we afford water to get rid of the food.
By the way, George, break it to your own.
You should lay the valve laid up.
You should provide.
Yeah, that's the whole election of the government.
I haven't done anything yet.
See you lay the valve laid up.
Or watch solidly.
Yeah, that's the whole election of the government.
Or buy yourself a new suit.
And drop the debt to the super-shortman.
You got your name on the ballot.
And you never have a chance.
You could be heard.
You put your name on the ballot.
The way you ever have a chance.
With bills on it you.
And the man got in your hand.
Thanks to you, the right to win, George.
It's going to be an election fair and square.
And now they're not too much.
They're not too much.
They're too much.
So the election fair is where.
Nobody knows who's more a guy.
We try the 65th one here.
See you lay the valve laid up.
Yeah, that's the whole election of the government.
See you lay the valve laid up.
Yeah, that's the whole election of the government.
Go buy yourself a new suit.
And drop the debt to the super-shortman.
See you lay the valve laid up.
Try the lay the land to the street.
No trial.
No trial.
Take to a street.
That's the whole election.
Okay, so how's the Ivan coming, huh?
Everybody relax.
I can't even imagine what they're doing on TV.
I'm so glad I'm out there.
But I just, I just would like to be able to get a peek.
See we've had a crap with it.
They're drawing a thing right out of the tip of Cuba,
right into your tip.
Yeah, anyway, here's the 8 a.m.
They're finding out data.
There's a little bit behind for some reason.
That's the National Hurricane Center.
Why is that you think?
Hurricane Ivan, an extremely dangerous hurricane,
continues westward across the South Eastern Caribbean Sea.
Or do you say Caribbean?
We've been through that many, many times and quite frankly.
What? I don't care.
Right.
The hurricane watched in the proper old storm morning
remain in effect for the Guay here, the peninsula of Colombia.
Ooh, wow, we've been able to blow up all of them drug dealers.
All those Esco bars.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And for the entire Northern coast of Venezuela.
Didn't I say yesterday that it was a continuing to go to do west?
And they go on to admit that?
Yeah, you did.
Guess where it's going.
What?
Do west.
At 8 a.m.
And when the eye of Hurricane Ivan was located at the latitude 12,
0.5 north, 12.5 north day,
longitude 40, a 65.5 west,
or about 190 miles east of Bonair.
In the Netherlands and Tilly, as I guess today,
they should all get blown away in the Netherlands and Tilly's.
If you pardon my saying that, there might be some nice people there,
but I doubt it.
Bonair, that's where they got that big 50,000-watt blowtorch
on 800 WCKW used to be,
that religious station in Bonair, have you heard that?
No.
Really?
Should I?
Let's know.
Don't do it.
OK.
Ivan is moving toward the...
Guess what?
West!
Go west, young man!
OK.
Six, near 16 miles an hour, they've been seeing this for like three days.
A gradual turn toward the west northwest is expected during the next 12 to 24 hours.
The lotion lotion should bring the center of north of a rhubarb on air
and criss-cross a little later today.
Sustain winds 140 miles an hour, which makes it a cat-four,
as your weather experts would say.
Let's see, 70 miles here.
Minimum central pressure was 955 millibars,
which means it's pretty damn strong, is what it means.
Nasty.
But again, if you look at the tracking maps,
it looks like it's going right to that western tip of Cuba.
There is one tracking map that shows it going through the western tip of Cuba
and then all of a sudden making that dreaded right turn,
up off the...
a less-coaster Florida.
Now we sure hope that it doesn't affect the less-
less-coaster Florida, especially while Greg Reed and the Beasley
are over there for those very important meetings of whatever the hell they're doing,
which is a lot more important than taking care of Venice right there at QAM.
I just... I mean, I could do it from now until midnight.
Yeah.
Because I'm so whipped up into a frenic, just psychotic.
And we apologize for the technical problems yesterday.
We had our fine engineer up here in Toronto take care of it.
There was... there was nothing really to take care of.
Yeah, OK.
You brought the mic because you were screeching it.
I was screeching too loud and the equalizer definitely seized up and it was like,
eh, you know what I said, kept the...
Yeah.
So I'll try to keep it very common now, OK?
Yeah.
And we got a lot of time today because Hollywood for the second day in a row
crapped out at about 10, 20 this morning.
We don't want to see too much more of that, Hollywood.
OK, we like those at 10, 45, 11 o'clock, 11, 15 departures are just fine with us.
What is it like?
Yeah, I think Robin would have a hell of a lot more news these days.
But at any rate, here at QAM we're just...
we're kind of like wondering, you know, who wrote the book of love.
He said in his monitor on the way.
I just don't get it.
I don't understand.
Maybe the audience out there is finding it most amusing and I don't know that...
they got enough of the fish to fry.
They got their issues.
And a lot of people are starting to get a little peeled with FP&L.
It's a little bit tired, just a little bit tired of waiting for that power to come back on
and they look across the street and their neighbors got the power on and they don't.
It's me again, Bob.
Dush.
When you're done.
Sure, whatever you say.
Our good friends at FP&L, do we want to rip them or what?
Do they spend a lot of money on QAM?
They spend a lot of money on QAM?
Well, in that case, we love our friends at FP&L because we're just a bunch of whores
and we'll just suck up to anybody.
How come Christchrackford never came back to me with answers about the questions I have for our
in its sales department this morning?
How come Jerry Sarner never came in with a big smile on his face, a big bright smile on his
post to tell us answers what that's all about?
We just cannot get any answers.
Okay, that's the problem.
That's the biggest source of frustration.
Like when is the hopper coming back?
They are trying to hang out.
Or is it coming back?
That was fun.
Which it ain't going to be this week because I'm looking on the schedule and he and on
today, he's not on tomorrow, which we got a Marlon game, but then after the ball game tomorrow, we got that one again.
And now on Friday, we got a Marlon's Cubs game at 145 free game, Game Time at 220.
So he wouldn't be on anyway because it's a dupla header.
So there are many, many questions and a few people out there in the audience are thinking, well,
you must have the answers that so the answer is, no, no, we don't.
We haven't got any clue.
What's going on?
We do know this bad news as I told you yesterday, US military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed a thousand mile stone yesterday.
But more than 800 of them coming during the stubborn insurgency that flared after the Americans brought down Sodom
who sang and president Bush declared Major combat over.
Now I thought that back in December when they captured Sodom himself and they were singing, we got him.
Remember that? They were actually singing it.
And that was supposed to be the beginning of the end.
At that point, it was all going to fall down like an accordion.
They were all going to go step in a line.
Everything was going to be fine for all of our shills in there, that criminal Chalabi and others,
a lot of we guys and other CIA shill.
And everybody was going to like go step up to them.
Well, guess what?
A spike in a fighting with Sunni and Shi'ai insurgents killed several Americans in the bag that area on Tuesday, pushing the count to a thousand and two.
The Tally was compiled by the Associated Press based on Pentagon records and AP reporting from Iraq.
The Bush administration's long lengthy Iraq conflict of the war on terrorism, the 9-11 commission however concluded that Iraq and Al-Qaeda did not have a collaborative relationship before the 2001 attacks on the American Washington.
And some have questioned to what extent foreign terror groups are involved in the anti-US insurgency in Iraq? How do you like that?
Do you see?
Evil doers, you're whatever they are.
In fact, the life was pretty tranquil in Iraq back then before the illegal invasion, before the Iraq attack, as opposed to what it is now.
And so I guess it would be very unpatriotic in an American to say that these thousands and two Americans have died for absolutely nothing for an illegitimate war based on a pack of lies and the media sit in back, but a little bit like that.
Now I will say that Dan Radar on 60 minutes to is it? Is that the show tonight? Whatever the hell they call it?
In fact, we got it on our website, the Texas guy, which I got the whole story on here, who it tells about how he pulled the strings to get President, to get to George W.
Into the National Guard. In fact, a nice job there, Eric, it's about time. I mean a nice job. Right there on the website we've got all kinds of you listening to the audio, some of the great clips from our good close personal friend Ben Barnes.
The Lieutenant Governor Ben Barnes of Texas speaks out in the whole bunch of clips. You can see the whole thing on 60 minutes to with Dan Radar tonight.
It's now they're starting to like play tit for tat if I can say that. They're starting to play for tat.
And kind of turn the tables around as these granddaugers are going to be exposed for exactly the phonies that they are on our website today on our behind the media curtain.
We've got Ariel Dumball, a dumb basil. How do you say her name?
Ariel Dumbassel. Don't take a look at her. Okay, because the pictures from Kudoballegro when she wasn't quite so old as she is now.
She was born April 27, 1955 in Norwich, Connecticut. She is fluent in French and espionnual.
You're like that about you're impressed by that in South Florida. I had no idea. Your language of choice. And her filmography, Malady, she's filming that right now for at least next year.
Malady is a TV movie and it really sucks what I hear. And then a whole bunch of a French crap that I can't pronounce like Jean Rojumine,
Lam Piquet, Cébernais, C.C. for some C.C. Albert and Merchand, I have no idea how to pronounce French and I'm very proud of that.
And as franginess and let's aim with Willie Eames or something like that, I have no idea what to solve about. But much of French movies.
She is on our website. If you're going to need to 100 and you have permission from Mommy and Daddy and every relative of us still living at a few who are novices, please take a quick peek at that and then move on.
She's okay. That picture we had yesterday is just a gun. That was Primo Krapman. Yeah. Yeah, but she's got big hooters. No, you're missing my phone. I'm saying it was great. Primo Krap. You're here, but I'm sorry.
Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
It's a very bad thing. Before 11 o'clock, if somebody in our sales department, especially Troy Stradford, who was given a very tough assignment this morning, no wonder he had been to the dolphins in him,
or although for this team this year he probably could, no problem, make the squad. Come in with some answers to those difficult questions.
And now, Mr. Schum, their fondries of mornings in Mexico and this morning's the one who brought to Christ.
We are.
I'm now, for another celebrity presidential endorsement.
I'm like, hi, I am Britney Spears and I'm totally endorsing President Bush for the President of the United States
because he's someone who cares about things and I think he's really good at accomplishing stuff and he's awesome when it comes to the issues.
Thank you.
Baby, launch a couple missiles. That's a reward of place we know.
And name a madapela, whose first name begins with old.
There's one thing we all understake.
Alcatamold be finished until we blow up that mistake.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
The special forces are so tired of jumping through them.
You don't need another plane.
Abouga Redwood.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up that mistake.
Yeah.
How many needs and news we're taking?
Are you sure?
I don't need stuff, but we'll see food and we'll blow up that mistake.
Most high-subdomly will improve Saudi Arabia and that factor stand right now.
1035 at 560 WQA. I'm happy Wednesday too.
I get the feeling that we just get started now. I don't know why.
No, I don't get the feeling we're starting yet.
Maybe how we and Robin are a little bit off their feet after that lengthy vacation and Labor Day and all the other festivities.
He actually sounded a little bit in the bag this morning.
He always sounds that way to me.
No, he sounded seriously a little bit in the bag.
Anyway, here's our pull from yesterday because that's our slogan of QA.
It's in the bag and we can thank Mo for that because he shares.
He likes to pass that baby around.
Which of these best describes your hurricane France's experience?
Now, I don't know what George would probably say, but I said nightmare out of the choices on his pull.
Yeah.
Boring nightmare.
And maybe nightmare without any damage or any real major, but just it was still a nightmare.
It was like a nightmare that I didn't want to end.
It just seemed like it went on intremendably forever and ever.
And that was with only losing power for two hours, which I feel very lucky about that.
Anyway, aggravating said 241.
Ponderous 230.
In other words, f***ing Ponderous 230.
Vora Ring 229.
Just sit around watching TV if you had your power and eating an eating.
I can't even imagine what it must be like for the people that still don't have their power.
Which I'm sure that we have many of those people sitting on their battery radios right now.
We sympathize with you and we are really pissed off for you.
You know what I mean?
Yes, yes we are.
We are.
You got yours back?
Yeah, I've gestured it.
Wait, late Sunday night, like around 9 o'clock Sunday night after three days.
Three days!
It went out during that big storm on Friday.
You know that three o'clock squall, that almost a storm squall?
Uh-huh.
Well, those of us who live in South Florida at least a half a long period of time know that every time a pigeon has wild diarrhea,
F.P.N.I. has a little bit of a fart problem and the power goes out.
It's just one of those things.
That only happened about every hour...
About 30 minutes!
...at least 30 minutes.
...but luckily it kept coming back.
Anyway, boring to an in 29.
Lucky, I'm glad somebody mentioned that because a lot of us were very lucky.
It could have been much, much worse.
223.
Sturquerasy 195.
No big deal, 116.
For those who had like just in all, let me be like a minor blow.
Costly 84.
A nightmare 48.
I could just keep thinking.
In fact, I had nightmares last night.
Not about that, but just in general.
Just about life based on them being trapped down there for all those days.
Puking, dozing.
About 30 minutes!
Said that.
And the total disaster 28 and we feel for those people.
Now let's see.
Somebody our good close personal friend, the only real map until 11 o'clock your corrects your out.
In fact, I've been checking this out myself.
And did I just mention this only moments ago?
You mentioned about this tracking map.
But thank you.
I looked at it on the computer, but this guy wants to make Dan Schradg about it.
See if my computer here doesn't ever go down.
I think any equipment here doesn't go down either.
It was my fault.
I take, I take, we had the engineer check the thing out today.
And I'm positive.
Do you think about the computer?
That my, Puking, my cuts out, get really animated and too excited because you can see it.
Do you remember that Josh?
Yeah.
And I was screaming about something about Bush.
And all of a sudden, right.
And then I, I, I, I'm in the table here and then the microwave would clear up.
And then it was on a guest mic too and then it would come back.
And it made for a very exciting, I guess, last hour of the show.
I don't know how long did that last little bit over an hour, I think.
Yeah, about that.
Yeah.
And it was, they seemed like a, like a hundred years.
Actually, I guess it was kind of amusing.
People's mind, I'll tell the routine lots of people.
I told you that it was very amusing.
Was it really?
That's what they said.
If you could have seen how hard I was like banging on it here in the table too.
I was just slamming and cranking it.
Which was funny.
I could.
And anyway, so here's the map and I'm looking at Ivan, okay.
And like I said, only moments ago, this projected track by the National Hurricane Center
goes right across to Jamaica.
So all our Jamaican friends out there.
Yamaha.
The nice know on you.
And who are we going to buy from now?
I mean, who's George going to get, who's, uh, that'll be operating that barbershop now?
Huh?
Yamaha.
Well, we don't want to lose our good Jamaican connections.
You know what I'm saying?
Even though we're not too fond of Jamaican people in general, especially the women.
And then it goes on this track.
That's, um, that's as of 2 o'clock Saturday morning, okay.
It's passed over already.
Jamaica was passed over in Jamaica.
Even the Goyang were celebrating.
And then it's like on a way toward 2 a.m. Sunday, the southwestern part of Cuba.
Cuba.
And then all of a sudden inexplicably, it takes a miss bill, Camel Turn to the northwest.
I mean, it's been just moving west, northwest all along.
And then all of a sudden they are predicting it will take this sudden turn.
This Brian or cross miss Camel Turn toward the northwest.
And be right across from Naples for Myers and the Beasley headquarters.
That'll be like Monday at 2 o'clock in the morning.
So I sure hope Greg gets out of there before then.
or there will be another long excuse for him hiding and seeking from everybody like he
is fond of doing.
I was thinking this morning of all the people that he's been like destroying their life.
So who the hell are we to talk about the cheek channel and about Pete Boulders, the
assassin and David Ross is this?
Who the hell are we to be talking about that?
Stop and think about it.
Who the hell are you?
In the last few months on this radio station, is there other than Ed Kaplan, okay?
Let's go back and start with, well I mean we don't want to go all the way back to the
worst team in various formations, right?
You could go before then.
No, we don't want to go before then.
Just looking back the last few months, starting with the Joe and Mark overnight show him.
By the way, Joe Costello is coming back to QA Amnott.
He's doing just fine on XM.
Where's it serious?
Except.
XM like I said.
And starting with that, I'll based on a bunch of, oh gee, did you see that thing on the
internet?
A bunch of hysteria.
A bunch of you do nothing.
And then we had the Moh thing and Moh and Guilty from 69.
So they had to move this show.
And this goes back a couple of years to 91, which worked like a pregnant pole water,
trying to go over to your hoop in July.
And then we had Moh and Guilty moved up from 69 up till 5.
They moved up an hour, thinking that shoving them back into the wee hours in the morning
would make Moh just take a roll up his piece and leave.
That didn't happen either.
Didn't work.
And then of course we had Pharrell from 8 to 10, which that worked really well.
We're still waiting for the final fallout from that to come dropping on our heads.
And then it was bye bye, Pharrell.
And I was back to 10 o'clock.
And then it was like, what was after that?
Then it was Moh and Guilty 5.
And then it was Joe Rose at the end of right.
And I know there was a numbers in there, but I guess they were a little bit too good.
Plus, we don't want to be sports nerds anymore.
Greg woke up one day and decided he was going to take his balls and go home and play some
other games.
So, we don't want to be quite that much sports nerds.
Because quite frankly, if I'm pretty don't come back, what do we really have?
I'm not talking about franchises, but I'm talking about people on the air every day.
Who and what do we really have on this radio station that we mean anything as far as sports?
Only one thing I can think of.
Oh, right.
He's the one.
The mad dog who will be on today, I believe.
I see.
Look at him.
I'm going to my schedule and it's actually typed in.
He'll be on it to a clock.
You got Mohauer-Davidid for the still mysteriously.
I'm not even going to say that case name suspended for the mysteriously disappeared Hank
Goldberg.
You got Mohauer-Davidid for the 630.
And in Marlins on Deck at 630, he met the Marlins 7.05.
Did I say yesterday that the match was easy for him last night, Josh?
That's right.
It was a walkover.
Okay, as the Marlins continue on their march, I didn't see the final scores.
If the Cubs win or lose, they won.
Ah, dang it.
But the Marlins are on fire.
They're making a good run at the wild cards, so somebody might actually carry again now.
And Eddie can't do the baseball games.
So that's our schedule.
But if you look at that, is there anybody on here except Eddie Kaye at the regular
time they were like a couple of years ago at the same time?
I'm thinking.
Hey, God.
Okay.
Oonnie him.
In fact, let's play it up by the platters.
Only you, remember that?
Yes.
Yes you do.
I do.
He's the one.
And it's a miracle that he's still on because after they just unsurmoniously decided to move
us into like whenever Howard Stern has done, Greg decided, well, you know, we're paying
the deal for four hours.
We'd really like to have mom for all four hours.
This is after they said, if I was disturbed by the fact that Stern ended whenever he felt
like it, you could kind of fill in between whenever he ended and they would actually put
up with you for a few minutes.
Or I could do 11 to 2.
They can.
So first it was okay that we're going to pay me the same amount for two, three hours
then they decided, well, we really would like you to do four.
So in other words, today, Mad Dog would come out at about two twenty.
And then what?
And on days when Stern ends like at 11 o'clock, Mad Dog would come on at three.
I mean, is that ridiculous or what?
Lutipris.
See, one thing we've talked about in that is people, especially with radio and television
too, but even more so radio, the audience loves consistency.
They like knowing that when they turn on their sting, they when they crank it on at a certain
time every day, they know what to expect.
Who's going to be there?
No, you're wrong.
That's not what Peter Boulder said.
I see.
I see.
Like surprises every day.
Well, then this is your surprise station, WQAM.
Look at those phones.
What's that all about?
QAM, hello?
Yeah, the cousin's lost it.
I'm by the way.
Jocely one.
Did they lose?
They lost.
Okay, thanks.
Well, you should have on you, Mr.
You're about to get...
Huh?
Why?
You will see light splashing because I don't.
I do.
And I go on a splash and I'll be here.
Hey, don't start.
You don't need to press him today.
I had that little problem yesterday and it was on their end.
It was again the computer.
The internet thing was down again.
Even though Miguel was trying to tell me, oh, it's on your end.
It's on your end.
Yeah, you got something on your end too.
Okay, it looks like the tip of Cuba.
WQAM, hello?
QAM.
QAM.
Yeah, hi.
The cousin's lost.
Was it square four, three or something?
Seven, seven, six.
Seven, six.
Okay, thanks.
So that's how it was three, three.
Yeah.
Well, they were winning when I was watching.
Josh, I cannot believe you've done that.
They were winning while you were watching.
What can you do?
You're counting your chickens before they lost, man.
I don't know if they lead the big ones.
So a couple of months.
It's a good thing.
It is a good thing.
We're standing about that.
So that puts the Marlins only what?
Two games behind a wild card right now, I believe?
Twenty-eight.
No.
Yeah.
They are?
I don't believe anything you're seeing out this point.
I think I think you've been brainwashed.
Okay.
I think something happened to you while I don't know what it was
that Miguel did yesterday, but I hope you enjoyed it.
560-70560, pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Line.
The microphone is working just fine today.
I wonder if I should try the guest mic.
I don't want to.
What does it mean today?
WDQA and the Cubs lost.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, can you talk a lot of my badger dying if we're fierce?
Good luck, you, Polly.
Speak up, speak up.
Okay.
I don't want to talk too loud.
I'll blow the thing out again.
So I give the result to my entities.
Poor.
I haven't done the new pool yet.
Well, I'm too busy with all this hurricane, Ivan stuff.
Look, I can't control the way you people react.
Okay, you are what you are.
All right.
Like Michael told Vincent and Godfather 3, you are what you are.
So if you want to be a bunch of lemons, a bunch of flamingos,
a bunch of sheep who react every time the whistle blows,
or every time somebody farts the wrong flavor, I can't control that.
But my suggestion is just relax.
As Grotest is Charlie was.
And I think one thing I didn't even mention yesterday,
the whole overreaction the hurricane Francis was.
The hurricane Charlie syndrome.
Because people at the hurricane center, other weather prognosticators
and pretenders didn't want to be left with egg on their
foot and their pants down their ankles, like they were with hurricane Charlie.
Because it made that suddenly.
And like I said the other day, we don't know for sure
these things can do anything, right?
Right.
They can do anything.
So when you see the tracking maps, it's the probability.
And that's why they put that big ice cream cone.
And of course, certain people put that big double scoop on their ice cream cone.
So that makes sure that includes the entire viewing area.
So everybody's clapping in their pants, running out of buying lumber in all kinds of water,
all kinds of stuff that they really don't need.
And generators, all of these things.
Although a lot of people would be happy if they had generators right now, right?
Yeah, that would have been nice over the weekend.
See if there would be one thing that I would buy.
If I was in that situation again, it would be a generator.
Sure.
I aim to.
Because as terminal as it was for me, I only lost the power for two hours.
I can't even begin to imagine the mammoth amount of food I can consume.
If I could have found a place to buy any.
That was another thing.
And if people at Taco Bell stop putting beans on our food when we don't want no beans,
or prison, you're going to be a bunch of haz beans.
Okay, I love Taco Bell.
See, this is what really frost my asses when you find a place they really love.
And then they start doing things that piss you off.
And you start like, well, I don't love them so much anymore, you know?
I'll tell you the way the audience feels about this radio station.
And I can't say that I blame them.
Boy, Greg, I want to tell you, man, I hope he's in his car on the way over there to the west coast.
Drive very safely, but I want to tell you, you're just, there are no words to describe it.
Because this radio station isn't about entertainment.
It's not about the people who work here.
It's not about the people who make it what it is.
It's not about any of these things. It's about Greg Reed.
This is about a little spoiled guy who's got, you know, made a lot of money with other people's money.
And as a result, it's whatever Greg wants today.
This Greg want to be a sports nerd today.
This Greg want to be the Howard Stern station today.
This Greg want to be the wild and over-the-edge station today.
This Greg want to be very, very careful because we don't want to lose the license today.
Whatever it is that Greg wants, that's what WQAM is and make no mistake about it.
And of course, the fact that just like Bush, you see the similarities between Greg and Bush,
because they like to say a lot of the same things.
In fact, Greg's favorite line is the lab.
He likes to stick that finger in a hole in his head and say that a lot.
But a similarity that I see between Bush and Greg is the fact that they both are clueless.
They think they know something which makes them very dangerous.
But at any rate, here's today's pool.
I don't want to get sidetracked on that because I can get...
Now, Detroit Shadford come in and give you the information I was looking for.
Nope.
No.
I'll be sure and ask again tomorrow, okay?
A lot of end of the past week was the most significant to you as our full question today.
A lot of stuff happened the last week.
Yeah.
Hurricane Francis.
Bill Clinton's heart surgery with nobody's even talking about it.
I guess it's become that routine.
Although I had a story yesterday about the doctor who they preferred to do the surgery.
He had a tea time at 9 o'clock Friday morning.
He said he'll pass.
He didn't know who it was.
Did you know that?
No, tea for two?
Yeah.
So he recommended some other surgeon and luckily it wasn't some bozo and luckily the thing turned out okay.
Well, that had been something, huh?
If this surgeon would have said, oh no, I got a tea time, I got to play golf.
In fact, quite frankly, any surgeon that's out of sex with golf, I wouldn't want him touching me anyway.
Bill Clinton's heart surgery, the slaughter of hundreds in Russia.
There's some more of that really good old time religion for you again.
You religious idiots out there, you spasels, man.
You just...
You frost my ass.
I just remember totally those other religious people.
Right.
Christians don't kill me.
Right, that's right.
There were no crusades.
There was no inquisition.
There was no killing of abortion doctors or bombing of abortion clinics.
There were no killings in Northern Ireland.
There's no slaughter in the Middle East.
It's just a Islamic thing.
Last night, well let me read the rest of the poll.
The dolphins took J. Feeble restarting quarterback.
Oh my God.
Or a new poll show, Bush with a big lead.
Which event of the past week was the most significant to you?
So they have Deborah Norville on MSNBC.
I have no idea why.
I guess she needs the job and they have nobody watching anyway.
And Larry King had on LMV-Generate last night, which I don't want to see that bike ever again.
He turns my stomach.
So I actually lined up watching Deborah Norville.
There was a discussion about this unspeakable thing in Russia.
With over 200 of the school kids killed another 150 on top of that.
250 plus people slaughtered.
For no reason at all because a bunch of pumps decided,
wow, we're pissed off.
We're not really sure why, but we want our country back.
And we're a bunch of Muslim fundamentalists.
And then there's the audio, the audio.
And then we're talking about the tour at the end of the show.
And I have no idea why they felt compelled to do this.
But is it possible that this is going to happen here in America?
And the so-called terrorism experts.
And I've seen both of these guys on a lot of shows since 9-11.
And well, it could happen here, but we certainly hope that it doesn't happen here in shootings in schools.
I'm thinking, have you guys both got Alzheimer's and also Deborah?
You got the suffer from group Alzheimer's?
I guess they forgot about Columbine.
They forgot about all the other school shootings that we tend to write.
But I guess with those kids in Columbine, they weren't terrorists.
They weren't the right religion.
Frankly, they were good Christians.
Right, and the kids weren't terrorized by them at all.
Oh, not at none, the least bit.
That's why they were all running for their lives now having out of the best.
And don't forget the domestic terrorism unless you want to come back.
No, we don't have that.
In fact, how come we never heard any more about Terry Nichols in the strip to the Philippines
and his involvement without kinder?
That would have bad to find that out.
And also, never heard about the first World Trade Center bombing,
but we don't want to talk about that either.
The World God, it's first let's see.
This is what really gets me about you, maniacs in the media.
The hysteria over the last several days with a hurricane is just a microcosm
of the sickness, the mental illness of the media and the way that they spawn it
and spread it and perpetuate it.
You're a bunch of sick bastards.
Okay, you're a bunch of grave robbers.
You're a lunatic, which is one of the big reasons that pushes even still ahead in the polls.
The World God, it's first look inside the horrifying terror attack on a Russian school
with a release yesterday, and I'm sure many of you have seen it several times.
Not 30, man.
This hour.
The release yesterday of a video showing scores of terrified kids towering in the swattering gym
as masked attackers walk around with bombs and guns.
In the infuriating video, apparently taken by the hostage takers on the first day of the siege,
children and adults are seeing crammed out of the floor of a basketball court,
and then of course we see the one scene where there's plenty of blood on the floor
and all this gore, etc.
Now, why do they show this?
Because they can, because they got it.
Haven't I always said that?
Right.
That if they have anything, these grave robbing bastards on TV, especially the talking head networks,
they will show these things over and over and over.
And what they do is they desensitize the public to the point that no matter what happens,
how gory, how grotesque, how inhumane, how subhuman it is, it's like, oh gee, that's too bad.
What's next?
What's for supper?
Right?
Right.
I mean, do you hear anybody even talking about this thing in Russia?
No, not really.
In relationship to what the significance of what it really is,
as a matter of fact, I can remember back right after Columbine, after a couple days went by,
nobody was talking much about that either.
It was no big shock.
Oh gee, that's too bad.
Wonder what was wrong with those kids.
Wonder what got them all pissed off and fired up.
Merle and death, remember it was Merle and death.
Oh, that's right, I forgot about that.
It was all in Merle and Manson records.
Well, can I just lighten it up a little bit before we dive into a lot of really great phone calls
and see how the pole is going to go in a hole, but because we got a hole-three speed hours left,
that was pretty good.
And the reason I say that is because tomorrow we get like a bonus.
Now, you know, after you've been out six couple days, you have no power.
We don't want to overdo it.
So tomorrow we got a 12-30, they're a Marlon pre-game show.
What was that?
Back to Marlon.
He tried to seek one of those in there for you.
And it's Lewis, man.
What a kidder.
You know, always got a go-mastro in there for you.
12-30, you got the Marlon's on deck, the Mets at the Marlon's at 105-Marlon.
Don't forget their game tonight.
That's not chocolate liver, but I'm just talking about the scheduled tomorrow.
So we got a short show tomorrow.
In fact, tomorrow might be that day that I was dreaming of.
Yeah.
Never in my wildest dreams that I envision.
That maybe it'll be a day that Stern goes till about 11, maybe 11-15.
And we're on till 12-30.
Oh!
All I can say to that is, oh, right.
Oh, man.
We're getting short-changed, you know what?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
In fact, I'm feeling the change right now.
And then on Friday, we really get short-changed.
Because the Marlon's played the Cubs at Chicago in a double header,
but of course that being in the Midwest and the hour behind Encentral Time,
it don't start the first game until 220 R times, so the pregame is 145.
But you know what?
We'll take it.
Eggs, eggs, exactly.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
We'll take it.
145 on Friday.
Nice short-consized shows.
Just get enough phone calls in there to make a real like your friend Ron was on yesterday.
Hi!
Hi!
He was on, and of course we're going to take care of him this month.
I think on the anniversary of 9-11, we'll be a good time to take care of family business.
So it gets my drift.
No, what are you talking about?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Okay, let's see how this poll is going.
And I don't know.
This is not an easy one, you know what?
I can't even pick one here, you know?
Well, what were the new votes for?
I voted for the poll thing.
New poll show Bushwood.
Just as you said that, I had put my little thing right in that hole.
Because the hurricanes are temporary problems.
Yeah.
Well, but I mean, again, we're asking you the past week.
We're talking about temporary late.
94 votes on there already.
We might have a couple of people this time now.
About third, man.
Hurricane Francis 40, that makes sense to me.
I mean, it's on our minds.
It's on our behinds.
It's all over the place.
It's the twigs.
Yeah.
The twigs and the twigs.
And they are limbs.
Oh boy, it's still all around.
A lot of people without power and we will share your anger with FPNL, okay?
Yeah.
We're just as pissed off as you are.
Right.
Hurricane Francis 40, the slaughter of hundreds in Russia 28,
New poll show Bushwood, the big lead 19, the dolphins' tiktya fetal was starting quarterback
five, and Bill Clinton's heart surgery only two tiny pairs.
You must be the new Russia department's fastest crucianly.
Our practice begins in AM.
Oh my god!
Kids are going crazy over the mighty molten power of India's movie.
Starring the hip-young warriors who use their incredible morphing skills to fight for justice.
But if you think it's too violent for your kids, now it is an alternative.
A new movie about power rangers who use peaceful means to solve their problems.
Power brawl by the losers don't exact the chemicals who are river.
Don't worry little boy, he'll pay for this evil deed.
Who are you?
I'm a power ranger.
Wow, are you going to use your incredible morphing powers to stop them?
No violent action against my religion.
What religion?
I'm a member of the Church of Latter-day Saints.
Was I your mighty Morphing power ranger?
No, I'm a mighty Mormon power ranger.
But you said he paid for his evil deeds.
And so he will.
On judgment day.
You mean you're not going to do anything?
Well, I'm going to do something.
Oh cool, what?
I'm going to Salt Lake City and take another wife.
20% phosphorus presents the mighty Mormon power rangers.
There's not much they can do about Ivanans with a do-no-dani-os, no-personally.
A mighty Mormon power ranger comes into the arena near you.
Oh, why don't we quit picking on them Mormons?
They'd risk real meat.
Oh, they got a good sense of humor.
Love it over to a 560 WQ.
I know they don't.
That's why they don't listen to us anymore.
Now, what did Christ just say about how many games the Marlon was going to be back?
Yeah, they want to be back.
What is, you're just off your feet today, man?
I have an idea of the Cuba intensive propaganda that McGill was feeding the back.
That's what it was.
It was all that Cuba taught me.
Yeah, all that shrimp washin'.
That and the food.
Don't forget to wash your shrimp before you put it in your mouth.
I should cargo the Cubs are 74 and 61.
Another way why to get the baseball intensive because everybody don't care.
But he was in 75 and 63 as a half game back, the Giants half game back.
The Marlins are nine games over, 71 and 62.
They're hotter than a Pistola.
And the Pograes are a half game behind them.
So you've got a hell of a five team race from the Ashley Wildcard.
And let's see, the Marlins have played 333, which means they've got 29 games to go.
How do you like that mat, huh?
It's pretty good.
On top of it or what?
Anyway, speaking of that, a robber who used a rusty pit's fork to stick up a bank got away.
And this is an aching South Carolina.
Okay.
Is that what they had that song, achy, bricky heart?
Is that what he wrote that?
Well, I can't stand them country people.
A robber who used a rusty pit's fork to stick up a bank got away.
It's so far fighting him.
He's been looking for an eagle in the haystacks as the AP boy.
They got a sense of humor or what?
The man wearing sunglasses and a mask and a security federal bank Tuesday morning.
And threatened employees with a four foot long pit's fork.
The man took it and disclosed him on a money.
The robber dropped the farm tool as he ran from the bank through a wooden area.
It was a golf course behind the bank police said, maybe he had a tea time.
Floodhands tracked the robber to a fast food restaurant parking lot where police said the man got into a white van driven by a woman.
No customers were injured and were in the bank during the hold-up.
Nobody was injured.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God.
56070560, pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless Line.
That line nine is Georgia's favorite.
I think he wants me to take that right now.
I can't see anything ringing stuff.
WQA, hello.
How about that wide old tape?
We got it.
We'll get to them.
Just relax.
Okay.
Just calm down.
Okay.
Put your glids back in your pants and just relax.
Don't be late.
It's a lot of tape.
We got the stirring.
We got a whole pile of good stuff here today.
And the good news is we got three hours to cover it all from top to bottom.
Okay.
Okay.
Kerry actually made a good speech since the night of this morning.
He was losing his voice a little bit, but he found his message.
It's better to lose your voice and find your message than lose both.
Right?
Right.
And he's finally finding the message.
Hopefully not too late.
Now that he's taken a lot of heat from all the Democrats and everybody else that's praying like hell.
We don't have another four years of bozo to clown.
Of the super duface in there.
I mean, the idea that any of you, no or no really, seriously stop and think about it.
The idea that anybody out there is that moronic, that idiotic, that naive, that stupid, that desperate, that idiotic, I'll say it again.
That they would vote for this clown is incompetent, this lunatic, to be a president for another four years and think we can survive that.
You need help.
Lock him in a broom closet with Ms. Kamala Ms. Norcross until the small, until November 3rd is what I say.
You turn.
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
Does he with Neil?
Yes, sir.
You made it, man.
Hi, darling.
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
By the way, you can't put your neighbor in.
Now there's another.
Remember we heard that?
Yeah.
Chef Hi, the fat one.
Hi, that's how he has a neighbor who, remember the day he said that, hateful evil facts.
In fact, it was the last time I was in town, it was a few months ago.
Right?
I'm never listening to you again about that.
He wants to, what was the message he wants to amit you?
He wants to come in a studio with some crap like that.
You don't want to mention me.
Read it.
Oh, and guess what?
Dave Slater, our good, close personal former or friend and former or whether a traffic guy?
Right.
Political.
See how he votes he got in the date County mirror race?
By the way, you heard him, man.
Hey Dave, you're a good guy.
You have good intentions.
You know, you want all the best, but give it up already.
Quit.
Don't be a professional candidate like Ellis Rubin.
There's nothing worse than people who can keep running for our light like Ralph Nader.
There's a classic example for you.
A perennial, potential candidate.
Always on the ballot.
Always get like a small, a smattering of vote from their relatives and friends and neighbors,
etc.
And that's about it.
And just, just to make enough damage to what messed up the goods.
WDQAM, hello.
You know, yes sir.
Hey, I agree with you, Sam Barlow, do you stop?
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
No, no, no, no, no.
WDQAM, hello.
It's obvious that the year, hurricane, a tremendous impact on these folks.
QAM, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I had on FPL just a little bit.
Go right ahead, take all the time you want.
Okay, my.
Even though we like FPL a lot.
My power went out 36 hours before the storm has not been sent and they're telling us that it's going to be till the end of next week.
And what happened with the army of people that were on the floor, the Georgia border, they kept telling us.
And they later on they updated it and they said, well, it was actually a few crews in Atlanta.
I don't know, man.
And don't forget Atlanta had that late wall up there, man. So they had a lot out by Verdom.
And I know this here in West Palm Beach, it powers out everywhere.
That's that city place.
So John Edwards is right.
There is two Americans.
Amen.
Thank you Neil.
And don't forget, your fat ass governor is the anti-Christ.
Okay.
He's gone.
Yeah, I remember him on there talking about the thing they brought in 4,300 FEMA people because A, they didn't want to get caught with egg on their face like Hurricane Charlie and have two few people on hand at B.
It was politically expedient to bring in all those FEMA people to make it look like they really cared about people in South Florida.
But of course they don't.
Even your fat ass governor, who is really wants to be present again.
And then in 2008 they want the two terms for Jeb.
If you can handle that.
I don't think I could handle that.
Now what is this?
Oh, somebody again is going to all bend out of shape because the QAM schedule once again.
This is clearance.
Although clearance is running around handed out paychecks and pay stubs.
He's handed out stubs today.
Dr. Egg clearance, Friday's payday for me.
Just to mention.
What do we got on here?
Howard Stern shows 6 to 10 a.m. or so it says.
The near Roger show, 10 a.m. to 2.
It should say 10 a.m. or so.
Man did show, oh the Hank Goldberg show.
Well, yeah, that is still there.
In fact, this is as close as we've come to have a real schedule on there.
Why does it say what a joke?
Oh, I see why.
Did you know you're working there today?
No, no, I didn't know.
Yeah.
This is Howard Stern show on the morning.
George Rodriguez at 10.
Hey, head dog at 2.
Hank Goldberg at 4.
It's a upper on the day.
No.
No.
But it does have the marlins at the max, which is a little bit backwards, but nevertheless.
They came close to having a few things right.
Let's see, how many mistakes have we found already?
Dr. Egg clearance.
Clancing over this thing.
Man, this is on the prestigious QAM website, which Josh is very pleased to announce that he has nothing to do with anymore.
I hope.
Well, I'm sorry, what?
The QAM website.
He heard you.
No, seriously, do you still have something to do with that piece of crap?
I do not.
No, thanks, the Lord, for that.
It's not bad enough that you do not all misinformation about the Cubist Corps and how many games the marlins are behind.
That's not bad enough.
Next thing you'll be seeing that J. Feiber is going to be the often starting quarterback on Sunday.
People will be laughing their ass off, even though it's true.
That to me is so just unbelievable.
So...
Patriots and who are they playing tomorrow night?
Start the season on Thursday night.
Come on, you can get that one right, Josh.
No, I'm not a Patriots fan.
That's your department.
How do you know?
I know that Miami is for the Dolphins or Plains and Tennessee on Sunday, and I'm not a Titan fan.
Okay?
Okay.
Well, how can the...
How can they...
Patriots been playing the Titans when they were playing the Dolphins on Sunday?
I didn't say the Titans.
Yeah.
You said the Dolphins are playing and I said the Titans.
I got through a San Hooder plan and I know that.
And I'm not a Dolphins fan.
So just because you're not a Patriot fan, if you're a real football fan, if you're a real man like me, you'd know who's playing that game tomorrow night.
Who hell?
The, uh, huh?
Even George knows it, huh?
Right. See, he knows what it's all about.
I just don't want to tell you.
I've heard the past five minutes.
I think it's Indianapolis myself.
I think it's the Colts.
I could be wrong about that, but I'm pretty dang sure the open the season against the Colts tomorrow night.
Yeah, I think you're right about that.
I think you're right about that.
Yeah, how do you like that?
Okay, then, the only non-Sports show on a radio station.
We actually have a little bit of information there.
We actually know who's playing whom.
And I saw the, uh, they had a preview in the local paper this morning for the NFL season.
And man Tom Brady still looks pretty good to me.
I just mentioned that just to piss off all the homophobes out there.
He still looks really good to me.
And most of you liars out there, you phonie below me, you give your left testicle to look like that.
Okay?
Guaranteed.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, oh here it's a show.
You're speaking of balls.
What great segue, Neil.
Thank you.
Worse likely to ball out of one debate.
I don't want to say that he's a coward, but you know what?
He's a freaking coward.
And who is dumb and see is you'd be a coward too.
Advise your site's concerned over possible town meeting participants.
See this is one that they can't stack, that they can't load up on the site.
Who's going to ask the questions and ask the question ahead of time?
They don't like that.
Just like it's phony press conferences of which he has very few.
Or they like pick out and got everybody lined up in order.
Who's going to ask what and et cetera.
President Bush may skip one of the three debates that have been proposed by the commission on presidential debates.
And accepted by John Kerry, Republican officials said yesterday.
The officials said Bush is negotiating team plans to resist the middle debate,
which is a was to be on October 8th in a town meeting format in the crucial state of misery.
The Bush County campaign announced that it's debate negotiation team will be led by James Baker the Third.
Oh no.
You've turned.
It also happens to be the attorney for the Saudi world family in those lawsuits by the 9-11 of victim families.
James Baker the third of a secretary stand under President George W. Bush.
Baker headed the Bush campaign's Florida recount response that phony below any deal in 2000.
And currently is the president's personal envoy on a rocky debt resolution.
Who's going to put how much money in whose pocket is what that means?
Baker negotiated debates in 1980, 84, 88, 92.
As Chief of Staff Bush's father in 92, he took a cautious stance with the view that a sitting president has little to gain in much to lose in debates according to accounts at the time.
And of course, you know, remember the one debate where Bush senior was looking at his watch?
Right.
I don't think that that had a really great impact.
That could be wrong about that.
Bush aged refused to discuss their opening position officials familiar with the issue of the plant's work set the commission's first debate,
which is to focus on domestic policy and the third one, which is to focus on foreign policy.
The audience for the second debate to be at Washington University in St. Louis was to be picked by the Gallup Organization.
The commission said participants should be undecided voters from the St. Louis area.
A presidential and now a hillside of this.
A presidential adviser said campaign officials were concerned that people could pose as undecided when they actually are partisans.
Ooh, what a concept.
Man, it's a 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM, if you're fat and especially after hurricane France, can you imagine how many pounds we're getting in every household over the weekend?
If you're on the Atkins, the South meets the Sugar Busters, any low-carb sugar free diet, which is most of you fat folks, then we invite you to shop at a really great store, the Lights of West Boka.
For years, the Lights has helped thousands of low-carb divers achieve their way-loss goals, and now the Lights of West Boka celebrated their 14th anniversary with special discounts of up to 50% off on low-carb products like Carboli, Pure Delight Carb Sence and More.
And as the RANiversary is super special, you can save half off all the RAC can-sfood brands and supplements too.
And don't forget their great selection of low-carb bakery items like cheesecakes, breads, rolls, and even brownies, and anything in the story you can try before you buy it.
The staff at the Lights knows low-carb dieting inside and out, the lights is open every day of your life till 10, and don't forget their guaranteed lowest-priced policy on all, Atkins, Carboli, Pure Delight products too.
The Lights of West Boka will absolutely positively not be underserved.
You'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glaze in 441 right next to Boston Market, or column toll free at 1-877 Low Carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B-R-On-Web-LowCarb.com.
This is it, the Lights of West Boka. It's your official Atkins retail center.
Pure Listen to Neil Rogers, your complex collection of power on 566-888-Q-A-L.
My religion's better than joy, religion's better than joy, I believe you want to cry or do a boy to let the fire, my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, my religion has a taste of industry and racial hate, my religion's better than yours.
I believe you want to spread it out your way, my religion's better than yours.
What we like about the best, my father, is you wear a dress, my religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than yours, my religion is better than yours, my religion is better than yours, I should have known.
We have no respect for the living time and time to make a living, my religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours, my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours.
Jupa hapura's will be yours, we slaughter pigs and dogs and goats, my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, yeah.
We were kings and big children, we were the type of people we care, my religion's better than yours, yeah.
My religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, we not endorse the father, we like polar brushes, we like you, my religion's better than yours.
But we were kings better than yours, my religion's better than yours, we were ties and white, our bites and bets and marry lives of wives, my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours, we don't want to use our brains for mindless living, don't create my religion's better than yours.
Oh, look at my 3560 WDQ, I'm starting to think here, I don't want to get paranoid or anything like that, we could pay the same regardless, but I'm just wondering.
Yeah, about this whole thing coming on at any given time, like from 1020 until 1045 to 11 o'clock, 1115, 1118, 111930, I just wonder because it reminds me of what happened when they stuck to show out at 9 o'clock in the morning, remember?
Yeah, and they expected all of a sudden everybody who listened to morning shows to like all of a remember with 10 o'clock, oh now we're going to turn over and change it up.
And now it's the same thing when people find something else who are not Howard Sternlister, I think we'll have to do that pull again tomorrow, along those lines, catch my grip.
Yes I do.
Because how do those people know they got like a resident psychic that calls them and tells them only else on now it's okay to turn over because whatever, you know what I'm saying?
Right, not that I want to sound paranoid or anything like that, I'm just beginning to wonder.
And then he rate, Lionel Tade arrested for violating terms of house arrest that one guy all whipped up into a frenzy, took it on poor little Lionel, you know?
He never saw a freight train that we know of.
Do you ever have a Lionel train set?
No matter if that's not.
Why not?
I was probably out of Cuban thing.
I was a Pope boy.
Seven months after Lionel Tade walked out of prison with a second chance of life, the 17 year old was arrested last night, a few days after he was caught with a knife, the BS said.
Tade is back behind bars in the Broward County, jail awaiting a court appearance of a judge finds that he committed a substantive violation in terms of his house arrest.
He could again face up to life in prison.
The teen gained international attention when he was charged with first degree murder in the beating death of 60 year old Tiffany Unic in July 1999 as Pember Park Home.
Tade was 12 years old at the time.
It became the youngest person in modern US history to be sentenced to life in a prison.
But after an appeals court throughout his conviction, he was allowed to plead guilty to second degree murder and a deal that put him on house arrest for a year, followed by 10 years of probation.
They had already served three years in a juvenile facility.
Tade was released from prison in January, had successfully completed just over half of his house arrest.
Rower chair said that he's arrested Tade around 6 p.m. Tuesday at his home, spokesman Jim Leidall said.
Tade said that he saw Tade and another youth around 2.30 a.m. on Friday, as they were walking in the 3,700 block of Southwest 52nd Avenue in Pember Park,
two blocks from the home Tade chairs with his mother, a F.H.P. trooper.
The deputies stopped the boys, asked them what they were doing.
The teens, sweating and panting said they'd been chasing girls.
The no females were seen in the area Leidall said.
They'd also identified himself as Leon Taylor.
Well, I remember him used to play for the Redskins.
Remember him? No.
No. The boys considered to be in prison that F.E.D. found a fooling pocket knife for the four-inch blade on Tade Leidall said that Tade was also carrying an ID card that listed his real name.
Well, maybe that day he wanted to be Leon Taylor, you know.
Right, is there a log? It's not. Oh wait, just like that there is.
The deputies who were on Hurricane who needed not immediately arrested, the first disgust amounted with Tade's community control officer who said he violated terms of his house arrest.
Police on house arrest are allowed to leave their homes only for specific prearranged events such as attending school, religious services or medical appointments.
Tade was with his cousin, self-ored, newer 18- or four-lotter-lil when deputy stopped him.
The year was arrested last month on auto theft charges.
Wow, what a fine-up standing family. You know what? Start to sound like a Bush family.
Maybe the governor can get him off, huh? He's got a lot of problems with that family.
How's what's your name doing the daughter? What about Noah's problem?
Noah's L? I mean, no well.
Noah's L? I wonder if he's came to Pete Rosell old Noah's L. Yeah, she might be.
Anyway, the governor's got a few problems, the fat ass governor, and then he wants to be our president day too, so we can really get that, you know, that, that, that, that, that, that P-MAC thing going.
Because he's one of the headhunts who has not had a lot of nonsense.
Here's what we got on the poll so far.
Which of out of the past week was the most significant to you, 237 votes?
Hurricane France is 101. The slaughter of hundreds in Russia, 63.
New Pulse show Bush with a big lead, 57. Not good.
The dolphins, 58, are starting quarterback 11.
Great. If he don't like the dolphins.
And Bill Clinton's heart surgery only five care that he's still alive.
Five, I don't know. Maybe it's just like I said, become so commonplace or maybe they just don't care about him.
It's not that we don't care. It's just not a big deal.
Well, but you're missing one of the big important parts about that is the fact that he had that surgery means that he's going to be laid up for four to six weeks or more.
And he could have been out there just kicking some serious ass which carry badly needs of this time.
Don't you see the significance of this?
Yeah. I think the Bush people did it.
I think they forced them a whole bunch of heavy-duty cheeseburgers like extra cheese and a lot of fries.
Sure. For the mayonnaise.
I don't know.
No, milkshakes.
Right.
Well, that sounds really good. A chocolate shake from Stake and Shalted.
Five, six, seven, eight.
We'd like to hear from people that are listening on their battery-powered radios that don't have their power.
If they want to rip FB and L and S, they want to lament their fate.
So we can sympathize with them and say, gee, that's really a shame, isn't it?
It is five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the only Verizon wireless and singular wireless lines.
How many QA and hello?
Good morning, young.
Yes, Sarah. Good morning to you.
So what's so incredible about finger starting?
What does that mean?
Well, you said it was incredible.
I said it was incredible.
I said it was incredible.
Yeah.
I said it was incredible.
You have the biggest weight percentage of any active quarterback.
He sucks.
Pardon me?
I said, he thinks.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the only biggest wire event.
You see, even come up with all kinds of numbers, okay?
But let's take a look at it.
It's all things made to play off.
No.
Do they mean, I don't even want to go rehash it.
We're not doing a sports show.
Call up the mad dog at two o'clock, okay?
He'll call up a Mohawar Davidit or Hank.
Or Hank if he ever shows up.
Call up Mohawar.
He likes to kiss.
Go see Kisee J on the cheeks.
Call him up.
He'll let us stick up for him.
We're not going to talk about Jay Fiedler, okay?
WQA and hello.
QAL.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm out of power here down in Miami Beach.
One of three houses in my whole neighborhood.
Really, some of you off.
You ought to get an extension for it, man.
Yeah, there you go.
You know that there actually were people doing that?
I have an extension course with somebody else.
Yeah, of course it's a little dangerous when it rains.
Good luck to your pal.
We'll pray for you.
I like some candles.
No, no, I'm serious about that.
There are people.
I don't know how you do that.
How do you shield it from the rain?
Well, I guess you don't.
The court itself can get wet as long as none of the things
that it's plugged into get wet.
Right.
Followed by the law.
That must be one mother of a long extension court
for you.
We're just talking about one of them.
Right.
They must have about how many feet?
About third man.
That baby about 300 feet.
But there were people doing that, which was a very nice,
I thought a very nice, good, teal gentile thing.
Huh?
Don't you wish you had nice neighbors like that?
And would have shared their own pal over my neighbor had
any electricity either.
Yeah.
Of course it was your old neighbor.
Yeah, he's dead now.
Is he really?
Yeah.
Oh, great.
Oh, right.
Now I wonder if there was some good news.
People that crossed me.
Like my mother.
I told her I said be nice to Jordan.
Yeah, he now.
She was kind of like a female Gregory answer.
They all get cancer.
26th, Ed.
Did you say Gregory is a cancer on our radio station?
Georgia said a terrible thing about Gregory.
That's almost as bad as what Jack said last week about death.
26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
Bright concepts has helped your carpets be clean and healthy for over 25 years in town.
I've been using them for over 20 years myself.
And now they stand ready to help you return your house to normal
if you sustain water damage from hurricane Francis.
Bright concepts has made arrangements to be a staging area for water damage
restoration services.
Health is coming in from several northern states within abundance of equipment
to help with the restoration process.
If you need help, first try the main number.
1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071.
If you can't get through on the main number, call them at 9-5-4-214-6924 or 9-5-4-444-9276 or 9-5-4-214-6923.
Again, if you've got water damage from Hurricane Francis and believe me, you've got plenty of company out there.
Bright concepts is on call and ready to help restore your home back to what's normal state.
Get everything brand new looking and spiffy again.
Call that main number toll free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
You're a sleeping needle, Roger.
The list of all the five six months is on June 8th.
Bill.
Oh, I don't know what you're going to call him.
The number one rating they've been in the most, how many days they've been in the show?
At least according to my aspirations.
Stay away from it.
I don't even know how you're up to children.
They're a lot. Hello.
Yes, I want your take on J.P.
Oh, really?
J.P.
They really?
Is that great, Gordon?
I can't get a good joke.
I like J.P.
Bill, in that dimension, he's got extraordinary, never-lease smooth pitops.
Oh, yeah!
I'm going to be able to see you.
Oh, keep the thank you more.
No, no, no, wait a minute.
Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
I was the way that down there in the mirror, Mom.
I'm going to write down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait, oh, wait.
By the way, stop.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I told you what.
I'll hold you over and up right.
Tells that, eh?
I'll give you one of my old 10 patients.
Tells that.
No, wait.
That worked the only color we had.
The things I know that's growing again.
It's growing, growing, growing.
It's growing, growing.
It's growing, growing.
It's growing, growing.
That's big, with your face.
And you know that I just face.
And around those golden symbols.
You've got a lot of money.
And you go look and up here at your speed.
A road map of your silenade.
You've got your happy stars.
Way to die, die, die, die.
I know it's close when something stays.
Almost every day I pay.
Am I paying so soon they start at their homes?
I had the noise, the door to door to door.
Yeah, I pulled my top all the time.
That's because I'm a criminal tried.
So they know that's real, the critical pain.
See?
The pain's right to the upstairs.
And so you start out this one where we...
Oh, you know that I'm leaving.
The critical pain.
The critical pain.
The critical pain.
The critical pain.
The critical pain.
25th alone had 560 WQMC.
A Molyce J. Feeler.
He's got his head so far up to his ass.
They might have to have an excavation to get it out of there.
Maybe that's why they're here at Priest disappeared into.
I never thought of that.
At least Scum's settler's warning says understanding turned
the frustration and anger to his day as nearly a million people in South Florida
does for another hot humid day without electricity and the aftermath of hurricane
Francis.
Oh, I love it.
A clock came and went and what happened to the hurricane information?
What happened to the hurricane information?
I don't know.
Right?
Well, wasn't that chronic eye going to...
I maybe got offended by the fact that I had already seen it on the imminent,
but I mean, a peek could have passed it along because I'm sure that Noah has
got 11 o'clock advisory on Hurricane Ivan because we want to perform like a little
cubic service, which is unusual for QAM.
You're not community minded station, but it would be nice to be able to pass along
some information.
Let me take a look on the Noah...
What if it ever pops up on here?
Man, are they slow?
What's going on over here?
Okay, crank it up.
Dangerous hurricane headed for the central.
11 a.m. advisory.
I'm going to read it right off the thing.
Okay?
Okay.
You ready?
Ready?
We're ready.
Back real news.
It says...
Hurricane warning remains an effect for Aruba, Bonair, and Krasau.
A hurricane watching in tropical storm warning remain an effect for the Guajira Peninsula of
Colombia and for the entire northern coast of Venezuela.
I'd love it.
Maybe it'll blow some of them good drugs up into town.
We're going to read it.
11 o'clock this morning, the government of Haiti has issued a hurricane watch for the entire southwest
peninsula of Haiti from the border of La Ripu, the Dominican or westward, including
portal prints.
I don't know.
I bet you're just going to loosen up some of them baseballs.
A tropical storm watch remains an effect for the southwestern coast of the La Ripu,
the Dominican or from central to bingo westward to pedanales.
Interest in central and western Caribbean sea should closely monitor the progress of the dangerous
Hurricane Ivan.
It's dangerous.
At 11 o'clock this morning, the I of Ivan was located near latitude 12.7 north day,
longitude 66.2 west, or about 145 miles east north east of Bonair, and about 795 miles east
southeast of Kingston, Jamaica.
How do you like that?
Ivan is moving toward the west northwest.
Uh oh.
Yeah.
Got that.
West northwest.
No more direct west.
Uh oh.
Young man.
Moving toward the west northwest at 16 miles an hour, this most is expected to continue during
the next 24 hours.
On this track, the center of Ivan should move north of Aruba, Bonair, and Coruscale later
today.
However, any deviation to the left of the forecast track could bring the center close to those
islands, in other words, right smack dab.
Ivan is an extremely dangerous category for Hurricane.
In these surfaces in the hurricane scale, Max said it's a category four, like I said.
Maximum sustained winds are 140 miles an hour with higher gusts.
Some fluctuation intensity is expected to be the next two hours.
Hurricane Force winds have said outward up to 70 miles.
Capital four storm winds extend outward up to 160 miles.
Estimated minimum central pressure is 955 millibars, 955.
Yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi.
Well, it goes on.
And now what I got to do is click on the other thing on here.
Are you watching on your little radio screen?
Okay.
Look at it.
Works as maps and charts for all you old farts.
Okay, let me take a look and see what they're doing on the three day.
The three day is still up there toward the ass end, the west end of the tip of Cuba.
And then the five day forecast track, it don't look all that different to me.
I'm going to enlarge it and take a closer peek.
Now, I can make it big.
And it's good right up.
Wait a minute.
Sunday morning, the western tip of Cuba.
Okay.
80 am Sunday morning is a two-way.
I can't read it.
It's right on the U.K.
10.
Anyway, early Sunday morning is on the western tip.
And then by early Monday morning of next week, it's moved to the northwest again.
And it's off.
I can't even figure out how many miles.
Okay.
I wouldn't want to say maybe 100 miles west of what's the oh no, not again.
I would say Pentegrino.
Or maybe like I would eat more like order.
Let's not say that though, because they've had enough crap.
I would say more like sorry soda.
Yeah, they're like listening anyway.
I'm just telling you right now.
There are people out there who might be planning on going here.
I can't imagine why I'm able to get ready for the dirt nap or something.
I don't know.
But I'm just telling you where they show.
This is, again, that's five days off.
So it's very inaccurate and could change anything in a moment.
And I'm sure if you watch your local weather prognosticators and history as specialists,
they'll have it come right in your living room by you this weekend.
You're listening to me.
I'm just telling you, watch your kids.
You'll tell them out loud.
You'll tell them out loud.
You'll tell them out loud.
So it's a little bit.
She's more easily looking out.
Looks like it's like a roast guy.
Now it's from the body roll ball.
Barbara Bush has more than a thousand eyes full of the rice above.
It happened when she realized she raised more criminal clouds.
Barbara Bush has more than a thousand eyes.
She says she's only crying.
And she raised more police than that.
She's a trochancant.
And she's a fritzel at a wide old sense.
And why so much?
Watch like she's staring at a bullet hole between her thighs and eyes.
She tells them out loud.
She doesn't think she's a fool.
And she's always crying.
She's willing to let she talk.
Barbara Bush has more than a thousand eyes.
We gave her your push and just push not just that she's even.
Barbara Bush will be rich and fat.
And she says I'm the magic star of big eyes.
Barbara Bush will tell you this for nine.
I'm a bad baby.
Marty Davis will be mine.
Over here this is really timely.
Join George, Booker Brian and Miguel.
Miguel who doesn't know, wouldn't know Cuba if they stuck it up his ass.
Today for happy hour from five to seven to treasurer,
I'll locate it off the palm and just note that the 120 seconds free exit.
Stop by for drinks, special.
Give me some of our embarrassing QN prizes and maybe get lucky over there too.
I think Booker Brian is going to be joining us.
We don't know if he was blown away by the hurricane yet.
I have nothing to say about that child at the moment.
Okay, I love him dearly, but screw him.
And also look at the QN fan right now.
If the shell station on the northeast corner of University in Broward,
Bullbards, stop by to pick up tickets to the Knights of Marlins Medskin.
This is the important thing, not that we don't want you to have a good crowd at Treasure Island,
but also this is more important.
See?
Look for the QN fan right now at the shell station.
In fact, maybe if Miguel is in it, you can bring him a map of Cuba.
And you can hold it out the window and say it was Cubans.
Cubans in Hill Logist Lab.
Look for the fan right after the shell station on the northeast corner of University in Broward,
Bullbards. I know exactly where that is right by the old veterinarian place.
I used to take my dogs, but I didn't like them.
Stop by to pick up tickets to the Knights of Marlins Medskin.
The Knights of Van Halen concert at the Office Depot Center,
or movie passes to watch Mr. 3000, your choice.
So in other words, if you'll stop by to pick up tickets to the baseball game,
or the Knights of Van Halen concert at the Office Depot Center,
or movie passes to watch Mr. 3000, your choice.
Ooh.
That's pretty good deal, isn't it?
For us?
For us.
That's pretty heavy duty for our generous crowd here.
Oh, wait 10 years this story.
Deputies didn't have to go far to find this marijuana.
It was growing right outside their green bay Wisconsin headquarters.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
That was green Bay.
The television station WLUKTV reported yesterday that it received a tip
and worded the Brown County Sheriff's Department about to pot in a planter
on the south side of the courthouse.
Keep Deputy John Gossage wasn't sure the plant's identity,
but a drug officer confirmed the presence of Mary Joenie.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Obviously, as a plant somebody planted this,
or dropped some seeds into the plant's Gossage said,
see that guy that caught me yesterday and was ragging on me for looking for seeds?
Yeah.
We got a lot of seeding bastards in that town.
The drug officer pulled the six small transfers, which were to be destroyed.
Of course, it's a good thing it was brought to our attention because someone may have realized what it was
and could have taken it and used it, Gossage.
It's said over here.
I wonder if he's kid to goose gossage, you think?
Because he said you can't pass up a good goose.
How embarrassing and humiliating and degrading.
Oh, look at that.
The Miami Dolphins have found a replacement for retired running back WICCY Williams.
Well, he not playing football.
The Dolphins acquired running back Lamar Gordon from the St. Louis Rams on Wednesday.
Today, he said, Neil Schwartz, Gordon's agent.
Oh!
Neil Schwartz.
For that Schwarz.
Gordon was the third-screen back in St. Louis behind Marshall Falk and first round picked Steven Jackson.
But he certainly will move up the death chart, Miami, because they kind of know he can carry that ball.
The Dolphins have started to be where it goes on and coached they've won it this week.
They've got a bar, Sammy Morris, a Mercury Morris, Sammy Smith, all these people.
So that's it.
Dolphins got Lamar Gordon.
Aren't you excited about that?
Oh!
You Dolphins out there.
But all fans are on it.
They know that they're going to suck and it's one of them things.
And whether they're resented that right off the bat, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, what you said.
Well, seriously, as opposed to getting their hopes up for a big season, you know, it's always,
oh, it's sort of the, we're talking Super Bowl.
At Tony says, silly Tony cigaretteo.
He's always on there.
We're talking Super Bowl.
Yeah.
Talk this Tony, you jackass.
Or see a silly person or what.
Anyway, getting back to the story about the poor bastards out there, and again, we
sympathized with you.
We're waiting for F.P. and I'll be finding it all those extra people in like they promised
to do.
The outages were especially hard on the elderly and infirm, some trapped in condominiums
without elevator service, and too many stairs to climb.
A number of nursing homes, assisted living centers, group homes, rehab hospitals and dialysis centers
remained without power, prompted confusion over how they could not be given top priority.
How do you like that?
Even young healthy people who inpatient unsure why they were still waiting in the dark when
they could see lights on across the street, get along extension toward you idiots.
And Palm Beach couldn't not far from where the storm reached the coast Saturday.
Politons accused F.P. and all of not setting enough workers to repair lines as soon as possible.
How do you like that?
Absolutely correct.
Why haven't they moved significant numbers of crews from Miami data here, demanded US
representative Bob Waxler, Democrat from Boko who doesn't take any crap?
At an afternoon news conference, F.P. all executive is defended the company's response
saying 11,000 repair and support crews were working statewide, with another and other
1,000 expected today.
About half the crews are from other states including Pennsylvania, Illinois and Texas.
Some convoys were repaired to access to South Florida from the Georgia border where
held up by heavy traffic on the interstate, complicated and recovered process, company
of Fizzled VSA.
F.P. and all expects to restore service to all customers in Broward County, and Miami
data by midnight Friday, and will then shift workers there to Palm Beach County and
Point's North.
Let me say it again.
That's what it says.
That's what they say.
I'll come back on call from Miami Beach City wasn't going to get until next week, because
that's what they said.
To hurt me.
F.P.L. says they expect to restore service to all customers in Broward and Dade by midnight
Friday.
We're working as hard as humanly possible to get everybody's power back.
F.P.L. chairman Lou Haye said, this is a massive restoration effort every single
county we do business in has been affected and it's going to slow us down a bit.
It's a nine o'clock last night.
454,100 F.P.L. customers, about 908,000 to 100 people were still without power in South
Florida.
This is down from 676,000 or some 1.35 million people Monday night.
Got it?
Got it.
They don't have their written right.
In Palm Beach County, 373,600 subscribers had no power outages, followed by Broward
with 78,800 and dated with 19,700.
If I keep reading these numbers, we're all going to go crazy.
Despite the company's assurances that it was doing all the good people running out of
patients, right there near this, if this was New York, they'd have it fixed in no time
groused, brookling native Ben Volaski 80, a Broward County sunrise lakes condo community.
They're not going to put up with his crap and sunrise lakes.
I'll tell you that right now.
Oh.
The building was still in dark this three days after the stirred-may landfall.
F.P.L.s refusal to send workers to repair down power lines and wins a 35 miles an hour
over recent days seemed power-ly to Volaski.
Their chicken, chicken, chicken, he said, how do you like that?
Wow.
Their chicken, Schmidt.
Michael Adonazio del Rey Beach worried too, did that F.P.L. was unaware that there was
no power at ManorCare Health Services, a vocal school nursing me having Alzheimer's
care center, and this at Nasi of Vizen, Elvary, New Berthus Center found the building's
stifling hot and patient struggling to keep cool.
They were even shoving ice in their bags.
I can understand there are a lot of things P.D. need to be done.
He said that they're hooking up home deep-honed hardware stores and the rest of these people
need assistance by a day's end that Center thanks God was brought back online.
And it goes on.
The very sad.
And like you said, you look out there and you see the trees haven't been trimmed properly.
You got all these big ass trees in the lines.
You just like dangling in the wind there.
You know, all these flimsy crappy lines from Northeastern was a baby.
Before bed-printing, you can go fly a kite.
See, that's the problem, not what they're doing now, but what they haven't done up until
now.
There you go.
Doesn't take a genius to figure it out if we can figure it out.
I mean, they had to weather long before we had people in Florida or electricity.
Right.
What a concept.
But it's flimsy and it's shabby and it's shoddy and it's, you know, I like that 300
pound traffic light that fell down.
Do you hear about that?
No.
Well, one of the reporters was they were showing a traffic light in some intersection.
And they said, this is a big one.
It's a 300 pounder.
You ever see a traffic signal and weighs 300 pounds?
You don't really have a de-hasted one to be called?
No, I think it was NBC6.
Now, Kelly Craig was in the studio.
I think it was thrown a shot.
How many QA and Hello?
Yeah.
We just got the old clear here.
I took down a hurricane board.
I crawled down to the corner, sit-go, and I'm happy to report.
They got flimsy, cheese whiz, and they're pumpin' ethyl.
And don't forget to pick a dice, baby.
All right.
You know, to think about hurricane food for three days, it'll really bind you up.
Oh, not me.
Oh, now I can't get into too much detail.
Yeah.
The one in here.
Exactly the opposite effect.
I spent the entire days all hold up in there, if I can say that.
I mean, eaten and eliminating.
I see how clinical I put that.
Just eaten and ate rid of it.
I did one of those.
Kept me pretty busy.
I'll tell you that.
I did a lot of eating.
Oh, boy.
That's it.
I see.
W-A-M, hello.
Neil?
No wonder Griggs is your full of it.
Yes, sir.
Super, Neil.
I think this quarterback should move out the way and let me play some Q-B.
Yeah, go play something.
Okay.
I'll call you a boyfriend.
567-0560, pound 566-D in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
Got that?
LINE INES added again, W-Q-A-M.
Neil, F-P-L.
Now, that was weak.
Really?
Very weak.
Let's talk the last part.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, yes, sir.
I have one question.
Uh, Joe Z has a class year or not.
We're still checking out.
We got Bill Kamala looking for him.
That's bad.
Very bad.
Checking out our good friend, Joe Zagaki.
Joe Zagaki sucks, okay?
Okay.
Who nearly got killed during Hurricane Andrew, performing life-saving work down there, and people
are making fun of him because his helicopter crashed.
Airplane.
Slowly.
Wait, whatever the hell it was, his thing crashed.
Cropped us.
Was it a cropped us?
You're probably grabbing like chemicals.
Some of those awful agents.
567-0560-pound, just because it's a fact that Joe is no personality and got like a penis
face.
Oh, sorry.
Well, that was pretty clinical, wasn't it?
I thought that was clinical.
I don't want to get the...
I'm not talking to him.
I'm not talking to him anymore.
I want to deal with him, okay?
Even if they can talk to you.
They can come in there and hyperventilate with it.
Can you see that day?
Were you the...
You were the other day.
When it came out after the show, if you could have heard that conversation, never so.
Talk about chicken, chicken, chicken.
That was so weak, man.
That was so lame.
Oh, but a beat, better group, better.
You talk about two guys who are busy covering up each other's ass.
I can't say with what?
Loose blood, right?
Man, you guys better grow at least a tiny pair of bald bearings.
And by the way, don't forget to Friday's payday, your clearance.
Do something useful for a change.
And quit calling me here.
I can't stand you.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hi!
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm back at full power, all right?
Oh, yeah, but you are, okay?
Friday, you haven't got a prayer, but you're on this show, sweetheart.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
If they allowed you to cover up, how it came out of the one station would you work for?
What does that mean, earth?
That's what I said.
What station...
I need to hear...
How would I help my qualified, who recovered a hurricane?
Sure you can, I wish we saw Joe Rose or I, all right.
You can do it too.
You can't drive them okay, but that's a good point.
I'm going on 10 with my good friend Don.
No.
How do you like that?
At least they got a little bit of credibility.
I got my good friend Dwight Lottardale too, who's into that...
Bratto.
...back to him.
Oh, and I'm glad he mentioned that, because I found out only this morning, because nobody
bothers telling us anything, because the idea is keeping Neil in the dark as much as
possible.
Nobody bothered telling me, but George actually came in on Friday.
I think I'll save it for the top of the hour, because I want to enlighten the audience,
since we always give them some of the inside information about the embarrassing crap
that goes on in our radio station, about the call I had from Duff Lindsay on Friday
morning.
And evidently, when I said, I don't think that's a really good idea, and I don't want
to be doing that any bad information.
And all of a sudden, I guess that must be when you got your phone call, do you think?
What's the big one?
What's the big one?
Did you get yours?
Around 10, something like that?
I got my shortly after, yeah.
There you go.
Because let's face it, most of us are highly qualified to be on their passing lines
from it.
How many people do you think we're listening on Friday morning to this radio station?
God third man!
You are listening to Neil Rogers' gay, musically, on Friday.
Oh, God.
I am Frao Yulea and I'm Ross Latelyn.
And I like scrubbing my sliny gorilla ass with soap made from jures.
And listening to the new Ro-Hay, a minister hour.
I'm dying!
I'm dying on the air!
For the door, door, door.
I joined the Nazi party, they used to call it the GOP.
And I strongly agree with right wing policy, so it won't be common for me.
So I went to the Nazi party, convention held in the Empire State.
Where 9-11 thing the Saudis give their hands as ye, and dance on the grave of leaving.
Uncompawned thou, the bush-dustrin' as well.
You see you feeling any more than you can think for yourself.
La, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
The boot of the crew of the young empire.
The entertainer at the Nazi party was appropriately Christian and wise.
There was David Duke and Greer channel the Brooklyn Greenwood and Toby Green's keys.
I'm watching, all right now, and then culture as well.
If you don't believe what you see only one than you should, die goes in hell.
I'm dying on the air!
From 0-2 at 560 WDQ, I'm happy Wednesday to it.
Just relax, okay? Things are going to do a lot better, aren't they?
Yeah, if you say so.
Or not.
281 votes on the poll, which have been to the past week with the most significant to you?
Without an easy poll, I'll tell you that right now.
Hurricane Francis 165, the slaughter of hundreds in Russia, including over 200 little children.
98.
New poll show Bush with a big lead, 92.
That often spits 8 people, starting quarterback only 17, and I don't care what anybody says.
He is marginal at best.
I think that's a call of a frothing, that was a due thing.
Yeah, at the end.
Bill Clinton's hard surgery, 9.
Only 9 out of our vast audience.
I'm nearly front of a vote, sir, all that concerned about poor Bubba.
I guess he's doing okay, they don't care.
He's doing okay.
Now get back to Friday.
So I get this frothing, well not frantic, but this phony baloney call.
So obviously we know who put the enough up to it, okay?
Because there's no way in the world that he makes that decision.
You know who put them up to it?
Great.
Yeah.
That calls me.
Well, I think maybe we made a premature decision the other day, meaning that on Thursday,
when we decided that nobody was coming in on Friday morning, because of the weather was predicted to be pretty nasty,
and Hurricane was going to be blowing up, and we didn't want to get people stuck there in that horrible building,
that even on a good sunny day is dangerous to be in.
And so they decided, okay, nobody works tomorrow, we'll have some board up come in,
and we'll throw on Channel 10 audio.
And pass along some good information, which is by far the most useful thing that this station can do,
since do we have a news department, a newswire, a weatherwire,
a map, a compass, nothing.
We have a window in the studio, and look outside and see what's going on.
Yeah, yeah.
A window of opportunity.
Right.
So anyway, they call me and just as well, you think maybe you want to come in there, I'll run the board, we'll have a lot of fun.
No, he did not say that.
He did.
He volunteered to come in and run the board, if I would come in and do whatever was left in the show,
I guess maybe 11 or two.
Yeah.
Now, on the one hand, I was really jonesing to be on here, because I wanted to rip an ass.
I wanted to rip norecross and come all in most of these guys, the major ass that they deserved,
for getting everybody whipped up into a psychotic frenzy, and for getting them all down there,
buying up a plywood and standing out of line and the humidity and the heat, and just going crazy.
But within about three seconds, I came to my senses and I said to myself,
what can I possibly put on the here that's going to be productive?
I can go on here and give maybe what's going to be misinformation, which is just my opinion,
which I can do that afterward, which I did on Tuesday yesterday.
Why do I want to do that now?
And be on there, screaming in the early and then find out the damn thing is going to come right at us.
I mean, I don't want to be irresponsible, which of course our radio station doesn't care about that.
So I said no.
No thanks.
Then, unbeknownstheors truly, George gets a call, a short time later, from Clarence Dero,
our program director, because between the two of them it's always this dog and pony show.
And now it's a one and two, you know, and you get a call saying what?
Saying this Channel 10 thing is ponderous and the hurricane is slowing down,
and it looks like it's not going to be here a while.
And would you mind very much coming in and filling a couple hours from noon to two,
just do something that isn't Channel 10, but pop it on if they look like they're going to say anything.
And, you know, we're going to have some other people on in the afternoon,
another, you know, other spackle besides just you.
So we had some other spackle on on Friday.
Curtis was on to till whenever.
Do and why?
Sports taught.
Oh, sports is what he did.
Come on, is what I heard on the way home.
Well, the community is getting ready to bang down the hatches for what could have been a major disaster,
and we're talking about sports.
We're all watching Channel 10 in case somebody should come on like Donald.
Yeah, what about those people in the bad we operated radios out there who made me already lost power,
who couldn't be watching Channel 10?
I guess they could listen to FN, like a real radio station.
You know, kids country did a phenomenal job.
I listened to them a lot.
You did?
Good for them. Nice going.
I know. I know.
I know.
Good day.
They did the kind of information thing that we did at IOD.
Yeah, because they probably have some people to work over there that know something about anything besides the sports.
This story is got to be the most, if this doesn't frost your ass.
But I guess it won't because nothing does.
Nothing I haven't seen hardly anything about it in the media all day.
Vice President Dick Cheney yesterday warned Americans about voting for Democratic Senator John Kerry,
saying that if the nation makes the wrong choice on election day,
it faces the threat of another terrorist attack.
Oh my God.
Well, because what is doing a good job eliminating it?
If that isn't the most outrageous, the most unacceptable piece of history amongering and pandering I have ever heard in my life,
I can't even begin to imagine what it would be.
It wasn't bad enough with the really a hortin thing with Michael DuCoccus.
That wasn't bad enough.
That DuCoccus was going to let all the murderers out of jail and yada yada, that wasn't bad enough.
That Bush one ran on and one in ADA.
But now here comes Cheney after they'd be smurched Kerry's war record,
these two drapt dodging losers.
Now he comes up with his crack that if they vote for Kerry, we're going to have another terrorist attack.
The Kerry Edwards campaign immediately rejected those comments as scare tactics that crossed the line.
What an understatement that is.
It is absolutely essential that eight weeks from today, meaning eight weeks from yesterday,
and whenever the second, we make the right choice because if we make the wrong choice,
then the danger is that we'll get hit again and we'll be hit in a way that'll be devastating
from the standpoint of the United States.
Cheney told about 350 supporters at a town hall meeting in Des Moines, Iowa.
If Kerry were elected, Cheney said the nation was falling back in way pre-9-11 mindset
that terrorist attacks are criminal acts that require a reactive approach.
Instead, he said Bush's offensive approach works to root out terrorists, pretty offensive to me.
Root out terrorists were a plan and train and pressure countries that harbor terrorists.
Like Saudi Arabia, we're doing a really good job with them.
That's why they were able to prevent light 11 in the first place.
Cheney, yes, really interesting to me, okay?
If they wouldn't have had the biggest terrorist attack in the history of this country on our soil,
then maybe they ought to be talking about something, but in the meantime, they're the ones that were in power.
Cheney pointed out Afghanistan is a success story.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure Bob Graham could talk to him about that and pursuing terrorists.
Although the 9-11 mastermind Osama Yamama reigned at large.
In Iraq, the BP said the US had taken out a leader whose weapons of mass destruction against his own people
and harbored other terrorists.
Saddam Hussein is in jail today, which is exactly where he belongs.
Cheney said, and you know what?
I know a good cellmate for him.
It's been a dig-tani.
I don't know if you've seen it.
Right.
By the way, you see they canceled those hellburt and contracts.
I mentioned that yesterday.
Yeah, they were, they had that.
They were too embarrassing, I guess.
And they're actually putting out, putting them out for bids now, those 13 billion dollars with the company.
What the heck is that?
Which nobody over there knows where the hellburt and people are, because there's no rehab.
They're not rebuilding their country because it's too dangerous.
Even though mission has been accomplished.
Did you talk about the $1.8 billion that they can't account for lately?
Yes.
Oh yeah, that we had that on a long time ago.
They mentioned it again.
Well, what's $1.8 billion among friends, among thieves, among grave robbers?
Nick Kristoff writes in the New York Times today.
There are a couple of stories about our AWOL president.
And then the thing with Bob Graham.
Too bad Bob Graham is such a kind of, like Yahoo, you know, a good guy.
Well, that's a lot of Bob Graham.
That's a plus in some places.
Yeah, but he's just a little bit too much.
He's kind of like walking a lot in you know, a little bit too he-
He-
He-
When he started talking about the hurricane over the weekend,
I kind of left me a little limp.
The hurricane.
Okay, so I'll get it.
I want to read the Nick Kristoff thing, because I got some bedtime stories.
They say about a couple hours to do something here today.
How do you like that?
Because we're really being short-changed.
Let me tell you.
I got working on tomorrow's poll.
I don't know how to really say these.
You know?
Because I know we've done these before, and I don't want to overdo the Howard Stern poll.
This isn't really specifically on Howard Stern.
Because now that we've got this 85th lineup,
I know another one.
What's your take on a current Q&M lineup?
What is it?
Yeah, in fact, you know what?
I'm asking that question today.
What the hell is it?
It seems like a little rocket.
It's a little rocket.
It's a little rocket.
It's a little rocket.
I'm short-verse.
Where's the place you can land so that you can't?
A boy BVS name, now you said you.
So that you knew he'd define my UV.
I said, in your mind, short-verse.
Your position's a state, because John Kerry is up to your fate.
It's the whole question.
About the National Guard that might leave your web.
You, station star, all at once, all at once.
You say you're not AWO-HELP, and you can't look or not.
AWO-HELP.
What a funny thing to military can't find.
Where you were as a one-year time, you party then you went AWO-HELP.
You're dead, you hope you don't wait.
AWO-HELP.
You don't wait, come clean.
Where the story is, and then, real.
You might turn back, owner, on real.
Don't forget Dan Rather interview.
Lieutenant Governor Ben Vargas is going to tell the night on the Nationwide on Worldwide TV.
I hope he holds some strength to get to the first place you're going to go in as an actual guard.
The drag dodgy that he is.
By the way, anyway.
And we've got some great excerpts on our website, neowarges.com, which you can listen to.
I beg your pardon?
The Van Halen tickets are going.
Oh, but what about the Marlon tickets?
They still have those.
And what about the Mr. 3000 tickets?
Movie passes.
Oh, I guess they have those two.
I see.
Let me say it again.
The QM van right now is waiting on you.
Let's wrap this thing up because I know a lot of you, in fact, maybe you can get some gas there too.
Because I'm assuming that we're going to gas stations where they, where do they actually have gas.
I would think by now that most gas stations have got gas, right?
Or their customers do anyway.
Yes.
Huh?
Yeah.
I know I got some stuff from all that food I ate over the week.
I was on empty on Thursday.
And just, yeah, but with all that business.
Being bound lots like you were probably on plenty of gas.
Look for the QM van.
Oh, and speaking of that, I'll get to the promo in a second.
I was in here.
What day was it?
Oh, it was yesterday because you were out sick.
And Josh, of course, he and Miguel were trying to like convince clearance.
Get that a lot of there.
And, uh, so they got the Stearns you're on.
Now, I have no idea how the Duffmyser, the Dump Button, Fairie is doing it.
But there are periods of that show when he is blowing fart sounds.
I mean, it sounds like a Mexican fiesta.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It sounds like what shouldn't happen to me after that Taco Bell with all those extra refried beans.
I mean, unbelievable.
Although I do like those camp van camps, parking, once every, once every 10 years.
Yeah, I can't hear that.
Yeah, they're awful, but it's one of those things.
At any rate, and I just don't even know how to help him.
That show on our station must sound like Swiss cheese.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, we're not supposed to.
Because it's a constant stream.
In other words, I don't know if it's all great.
It sounds great.
It's wonderful.
Everyone should listen to it.
Oh, I agree with that.
Everybody should listen to Howard Stern show here.
Mornings, I'd WQ him which we're not promoting it at all.
I didn't see any promotion while I was there.
I didn't see any Howard Stern billboards.
I didn't see any ads in the newspaper.
I didn't see anything on TV other than Brian Urcross and Bill Cammell hyperventilating
and boosting each other.
I didn't see anything worthwhile about our station.
And of course, little Tommy Jika, speaking of A-Wall, where is that little ball hit at Geek?
He finally on September 1.
He's finally, if you go on your website on the Sun, suddenly he's finally got one column
which again is a puff piece about TV.
Tom Jika hasn't written anything about local radio in TV and how many months now?
Stop turning, man!
Man!
All the heavy-duty stuff that's going on is post-raised track buddy Hank is suspended
and permanent vacation and God knows what getting screwed over.
Is he writing about that?
No!
The Stern thing?
No!
About any of this stuff?
Nothing.
Man, I'll tell you one thing.
When you're falling over the edge of the cliff and you've got to wait for somebody to throw you a rope,
don't wait for Tom Jika to do it.
Don't wait for some little shrimp boat like him, some little...
See you.
Oh, like Maddie Bell or Tom Jika.
Look for the QM van right now at the Shell Station northeast corner of University and Boward Boulevard.
Stop by to pick up tickets to the nice Marlins Metz game.
Van Halen tickets are gone.
Or movie passes to watch Mr. 3000-year choices.
Is it going to be the Marlins game which is so damn important, man?
So they're playing the girls team that loses every game.
That's good.
If you're a real fan, which I'm not, I don't care, but I'd like to see him do well,
especially because of the Hank situation.
As if that has anything to do with it.
Oh, don't go there!
Okay.
The Marlins Metz game or Mr. 3000 movie passes.
What is that, Mr. 3000, you know?
Yeah, it's a baseball movie with Bernie Mack.
Oh, yeah.
Three Mack.
That's not that previous.
Is he kind of chilly Mack?
Speaking of Farts, he invented chilly dink.
Oh boy.
I do still like hamburger health, but I haven't had any years.
I know I just...
It makes me feel better to talk about it.
It makes me fantasize that I'm making it therapeutic.
You know what else I really like?
And I have made it and we can't talk about that either.
No, no, seriously.
No, I've had that.
No, no, I'm talking about craft macaroni and cheese.
I don't know about that.
Any other bread of macaroni and cheese.
No, craft macaroni and cheese.
No, the other bread.
The...
I beg your pardon?
You have crack?
Yeah, macaroni and cheese.
You start in the sunlight, quite a lot of the amount.
I hate crack.
Do you really?
I do.
Well, I pray you just don't like to craft people in general because there is a girl.
That's everything.
Okay, but I'm going to forget about that.
When you said that you're such a damn hard-ass man.
Yes.
God.
I mean, on the one hand you could say, well, here's a guy who's really got principles.
But it's another thing.
You're like the petta people, petta people.
They're so soft.
Who craft?
Yeah.
Oh, you're not in craft macaroni and cheese, man.
You're wrong.
You are way off base eating Joshua.
Don't be with me.
I'll taste like the beat of the day.
What else, who makes the beat of the day?
Craft.
Yeah.
No craft macaroni and jala.
You know what, we really be good?
Is to melt some to slice up some melvita and melt it on the macaroni.
Ooh, man, that sounds good.
I like that squeeze cheese.
At any rate, what board makes it?
I better not say squeeze cheese because definitely I'm not supposed to have yellow buttons.
Sorry, Duff.
You idiot.
Mick Christoff writes in the Times, President Bush claims that in the fall of 1972,
he fulfilled his air national guard duties at a base in Alabama.
But Bob Mintz was there and he's sure that Mr. Bush was not.
Plenty of other officers have said they also don't recall that Mr. Bush ever showed up for
girls at the base.
What's different about Mr. Mintz is that he remembers actively looking for Mr. Bush and
guess what?
He never found them.
Mr. Mintz says he had heard that Mr. Bush described his young Texas pilot with political
influence had transferred to the base.
He heard that Mr. Bush was also a bachelor, so he's looking forward to partying together.
He's confident that he remember if Mr. Bush had shown up.
I'm sure I would have seen him, Mr. Mintz said yesterday it's a small unit.
Oops.
It's a small unit and you couldn't go in and out or out without being seen.
It was too close to space.
There were only 25 to 30 pilots there.
Not 30, man.
Mr. Bush, a UN ambassador son of a dated Trisha Nixon, would have been especially memorable.
I steer clear until now, since Christoff about to have Mr. Bush evaded service in Vietnam,
because I thought other issues were more important.
But if Bush supporters attacked you, I'm Kerry for his conduct.
After he volunteered for dangerous duty in Vietnam, it's only fair to scrutinize Mr. Bush's
behavior.
It's not a pretty sight.
Mr. Bush was safe from activity, and perhaps Vietnam only after the speaker of the Texas House
intervened for him because of his family's influence.
That's the same former speaker of the Texas House that's going to be on CBS tonight in the
60 minutes, too.
And it's on our website.
We ought to have 80 million hits on our website right now.
They ought to be checking that thing out, but of course they're not the busy looking them pictures.
Mr. Bush signed up in May 1968 for a six-year commitment justifying the $1 million investment
in training him as a pilot, but after less than two years, Mr. Bush abruptly stopped flying,
did not show up for his physical and astute transferred Alabama.
He never again saw a military plane.
Mr. Bush insisted after moving to Alabama in 1972, he served out his obligation to a
Danely Air National Guard base in Montgomery, although he says he doesn't remember what he did there.
The only officer we call Mr. Bush was produced by the White House.
He remembers Mr. Bush vividly, but at times when he'd been Mr. Bush acknowledges that he wasn't there.
In contrast, Mr. Bush is a compelling witness.
The scrapping himself as a very strong military man, he served in the military from 1989 to 1984,
as a commercial pilot he's now a Democrat, but was a Republican for most of his life.
He is not a Bush-hater.
When I asked him whether the National Guard controversy raises questions about Mr. Bush's credibility,
Mr. Bush only said, that's up to the American people to decide.
In his first interview with the National News Organization, Mr. Bush recalled,
why he remembered Mr. Bush as a no-show.
Young bachelor's were kindest sparse for that reason, I was looking for somebody to haul around with.
Why speak out now, he said, after a lot of soul-surging, I just feel it's my duty to stand up and do the right thing.
Thank you.
Another particularly credible witness is Leonard Walls, a retired Air Force colonel,
who was then a full-time pilot instructor at the base, no relation to old harness driver Dave Wall.
I was there pretty much every day, he said, adding, I never saw him,
and I was there continually from July 1972 to July 1974.
Mr. Walls had described himself as non-political-added, if he had been there more than once, I would have seen him.
The sheer volume of missing documents and missing recollections strongly suggests to me that if Mr. Bush blew off his guard obligations,
it's not fair to say Mr. Bush deserted, my sense is that he, like some others at the time, neglected his National Guard obligations,
did the bare minimum to avoid serious trouble, and was fined that off by commanders who considered him a headache,
but felt it wasn't worth a hassle to punish him.
The record clearly and convincingly proves he did not fulfill the obligations he incurred when he enlisted in the Air National Guard,
writes Gerald Lecklider, a retired Army colonel who has made the most particular examination of Mr. Bush's records,
Mr. and also if you go online and see the story, he's posted the full 32-page amulization on the website.
Mr. Lecklider adds that Mr. Bush received unauthorized or fraudulent payments that breached National Guard rules
according to the documents of the White House itself released.
Does this disqualify Mr. Bush from the Commander-in-Chief? No, but it should disqualify the Bush campaign from slining the military service of a rival
who still carries shrapnel from Vietnam and his side.
Oh, it does.
No, he just made that up.
Somebody just did a pea shooter on him, just make it look good.
Somebody just pea-shot on him.
How is it?
How is that?
Stay far away from me.
Ah, you're really?
I think Josh Beckett would be interested in hearing about that.
Here's the uphol result so far.
450 votes. What have I done the past week?
Because I had the most significance to you.
It's a tough one because this has been a heavy duty pressure week, you know what?
It's like we're all in a gigantic pressure cooker, speaking of craft macaroni and cheese with short hates.
How is he going to them, by the way?
We never got any response.
I had some very important questions for our sales staff, such as they are today, and Troy strappered a bluely assignment.
I think too much hanky-panky in that place is what's going on.
Not enough real business, too much monkey business.
I know I did not call for a strapper to monkey, although now that you mention it.
450 votes in the bottom end of the past week, most significant to you.
Hurricane Francis 194.
The slaughter of hundreds in Russia, 116.
New poll show Bush with a big lead, 104.
The dolphins, 58 feet, or starting quarterback, 22.
And Bill Clinton's hearts are only 14, and you want to know why it's only 14?
Because the people of South Florida, especially the ones with electricity, they aren't all heart.
They just don't give a flying crap.
Here's a guy I'd like to know was great.
He was great. He wasn't good. He was great.
I don't care how much doodle it around. He was doing it.
In fact, that's one of the reasons you got to respect him.
At least he was getting some and being married to the ice princess he needed it.
I don't know if he could have better taste, but nevertheless doodle.
Compared to what we got now, man, it's like comparing water-crunk-type with letting more people in the world.
And then you know, the art is.
It's like comparing chat-huntly with Robert Greerper.
You starting to follow this pattern here now?
Let me confess, press more.
Yeah, tell him to press this.
And by the way, Lenny, press your pants, or I'm all we're talking about.
Doodle, doodle.
Places past noon at 5.
16.
I should play before the day is up, and you're not reminding me at all.
Very important. Don't forget to play that, though.
If Velasquez found to have a large private,
she will be disqualified from the competition and stripped of her medal.
If the ball is just found to be only a hernia,
a hernia, so Romania, a powerhouse legend will only grow in the sports women, wait, lifted.
Oh, leave it to Greg Reid, baby. He is the radio genie.
26.
Places past noon at 5.
60 WDQM.
If you have a business of your in charge of ordering ink jets,
thermal carbon paper and supplies, then pick up that phone right now and call
to a free 1-800-28792-12.
That's the number 4-A laser recharge, the toner recharge,
cartridge specialists.
They provide service support and maintenance for most basic models of machines
to make a run just like brand new again.
When you call 1-800-28792-12, you'll save a ton of cash
on all your printing and office equipment supplies.
For those of you who haven't called, what you'll be waiting on.
When you call 1-800-28792-12, you'll deal with just Bob
who's been supplying businesses in South Florida with exactly what they need most cases within 24 hours.
A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges.
It's compared to the equal pricing, like I always tell you all the cartridges they sell
are remanufactured, not refilled.
Any schmuck can sell you a cheap refilled cartridge,
but you only get what you pay for.
Remanufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go.
Write down this number, give them a call as soon as you can,
because they're going to save you a lot of cash, a lot of grief.
1-800-28792-12, a laser recharge is mighty proud of their individualized service
off you, and no questions asked, satisfaction guarantee.
So if you need toner, cartridges, all these things, just pick up that thing and call just Bob.
And a laser recharge will take good care of you.
Call 1-800-287-9212 around the wicked web at alaserrecharge.com.
1-800-287-9212.
Here's how Mr. Joe meets a Roger's Mortings and Middits,
and a awesome round of clock from Pines and Superb.
He'll play it in Did-and-D, get his own TV talk show.
What do you think Joe looks?
Why, from Chapacol, it's the Bill Quintino.
With special gift, you offer outside,
to William Caratow, and a former speaker of our house,
New Dingerage, on your announcer, Al Gore.
Now, please welcome the Prince of Puntaine,
the master of memory, the King of Crotch,
the man who knows Victoria's secret, Bill Quintino.
Thank you very much.
Boy, it was hotter than a chubby intern on a thong yesterday.
All right, all right, so that.
My first guest is the leader of the PLO,
and his favorite group is ELO.
Please welcome a sweet talk and man,
Yasser Arafat, everybody right here.
So Yasser, yes sir.
Is there any way we can solve this whole thing?
I don't need an exclusive.
Let's say I send you over a couple of queens of kings.
What do you mean I do not understand?
Sharing you, buddy, I'm talking about bluesies,
fuchis, zipper monkeys.
Well, listen to your tablecloth and think about it.
Meantime Scoot over, my next guest is here.
Al, thanks Bill.
Our next guest is the former political machine.
He's got snow on the roof, a fire in the furnace,
and a plug up his butt.
Please welcome the Gingrich.
All right, mate.
Welcome there, buddy, house things by you, Newtie.
And well, my new wife's got a call some leave, and her.
Good for you, you so was bastard.
We'll be right back with caretops, no, I mean.
27-21, I don't care what anybody says, man.
He was breath of fresh air, you know?
He was good.
What we got now is a suffocating gagging.
Oh, and I think you got Mr. Big Doos.
Unless Josh told you off the ear, he got his voter registration card.
No, he didn't tell me.
I know like that, not great news.
You go.
You just make sure to drive into the pools on November the 2th, OK?
I got a whole coffin load of me to just get the money right.
I got even better news.
My mother's voting again several times this year.
About that.
F-S-N-T.
Now, the Boston Gloves, speaking about story that article
that come I were just read by Nick Christoppe,
I got a lot of stuff here between now and two of five.
So you people that want to call and go like that,
do it to somebody else right now.
We'll do it tomorrow.
Bush fell short on duty at guard.
It's a front page expose in the Boston Globe, OK?
And it's very long.
I don't want to read the whole thing.
Do I?
It's on our website.
Or we'll be tomorrow.
No, it's on the day.
Maybe I'll read it.
In February, when the White House made public hundreds of pages
of President Bush's military records,
White House officials repeatedly insisted that his records
prove that Bush will field his military commitment
in the Texas International Guard during the war in Vietnam.
But Bush fell well short of meeting his military obligation
at Globe Reexamination of the Records shows.
Twice during his guard service, first when he joined in May 68,
and again before he transferred out of his unit in mid-73
to within Harvard Business School,
Bush signed documents pledging to meet training commitments
or face a punitive call-up to active duty.
He did not meet the commitments or faced a punishment
to record show.
The 1973 document has been overlooked in news media accounts.
The 68 documents received scant notice.
On July 30,
1973, shortly before he moved from Houston to Cambridge,
Bush signed documents that declared
it is my responsibility to locate and be assigned
to another reserve forces unit or mobilization
augmentation position.
If I failed to do so, I'm subject to involuntary order
to active duty for up to 24 months.
Under guard regulations, Bush had 60 days to locate a new unit.
But Bush never signed up with a Boston area unit.
In 1999, Bush's spokesman Dan Bartlett told the Washington Post
that Bush finished his six-year commitment at a Boston area
Air Force Reserve Unit after he left Houston.
Not so Bartlett now concedes, I must have missed spoke.
Bartlett was now the White House Communications Director
said in the recent interview, I must have missed spoke.
And running his guard service on May 27, 1968,
Bush signed a statement of understanding pledging
to achieve satisfactory participation that included
attendance at 24 days of annual weekend duty,
usually involving two weekend days each month
and 15 days of annual active duty.
I understand that I may be ordered to active duty
for a period not to exceed 24 months for unsatisfactory
participation of statement reads.
Yet Bush, a fighter interceptor pilot, performed no service
for one six-month period in 1972, and for another period
of nearly three months in 1973, the records show.
The re-examination of Bush's records by the globe,
along with interviews of military specialists who reviewed
regulations from that era, showed that Bush's attendance
and required training deals was so irregular
that his superior could have disciplined him or ordered him
to active duty in 1972, 1973, or 1974, but they didn't do any of it.
In fact, Bush's unit certified in late 1973 that a service
had been satisfactory just four months after Bush's
commanding officer wrote that Bush had not been seen
in his unit for the previous 12 months.
Bartlett and the statement to the globe last night
sidestepped questions about Bush's record.
In the statement, Bartlett asserted again that Bush
would not have been honorably discharged if he hadn't met
all his requirements, and a follow-up email Bartlett declared,
and if he hadn't met his requirements, you point to,
they would have called him up for active duty for up to two years.
Then assertion by the White House spokesman
inferiority retard army Colonel Gerald A. Leckleider,
one of the number of retired military officers who were
studied Bush's records and old National Guard regulations,
and they reached different conclusions.
He broke his contract with the U.S. government
without any adverse consequences, and the Texas Air National Guard
was complicit in allowing this to happen,
like Leckleider said in the interview yesterday.
He was a pilot. It cost the government a million dollars
to train him to fly, so he should have been held
in an even higher standard.
Even retired Lieutenant Colonel Albert C. Lloyd Jr.
former Texas Air National Guard personnel chief
who vouched for Bush to the White House's request in February agreed
that Bush walked away from his obligation to join a reserve unit
in the Boston area when he moved to Cambridge in September of 73.
By not joining you in Massachusetts,
the Lloyd said in the interview last month,
Bush took a chance that he could be called up for active duty,
but the war was winding down, and he probably knew that the Air Force
was not enforcing the penalty.
But Lloyd said that, singly, our Bush for criticism is unfair,
there were hundreds of guys like him who did the same thing,
he said.
Lawrence J. Corb and Assistant Secretary of Defense
for Manpower and Reserve Affairs and the Reagan Administration
said after studying many of the documents that it is clear to him
that Bush gained the system.
And he agreed with Lloyd that Bush was not alone in doing so.
If I cheat on my income tax and don't get caught,
I'm still cheating on my income tax, Corb said.
After his own review, Corb said Bush could have been
ordered to active duty for missing more than 10% of his required
drills in any given year, Bush agreed to the records fell shy
of that obligation to successive fiscal years.
Corb said Bush also made a commitment to complete this
six-year obligation when he moved to Cambridge, a transfer
to the Guard often allowed to accommodate Guardsman who had to move
elsewhere.
He had a responsibility of five-unit and Boston-Tend-Drill,
said Corb, who was now affiliated with a liberal Washington
think-tank.
I see no evidence of indication that documents that it was given
permission to forward training before the end of his obligation.
If he signed that document, he should have fulfilled his obligation.
The documents Bush signed only add to the evidence that the
future present, then the son of Houston's congressman,
received favorable treatment when he joined the Guard after graduating
from Yale in 1968.
Ben Barnes, who was speaker of the Texas House of Representatives in 1968,
said in a deposition in 2000 that he placed a call to give
young Bush a coveted slot in the Guard and to request a
Bush family friend.
And like I said, you can see excerpts of the Bush show thing that's
going to be on 60 minutes to a day and rather than it on our
website, NeilRodgers.com, listen to what coveted the peaked
from it.
Bush was given an automatic commission as a second lieutenant in
dispatched to flight school in Georgia for 13 months.
In June of 1970, after five additional months of specialized training
in F-102 fighter interceptor, Bush began what should have been a
four-year assignment with a 111th fighter interceptor squadron.
In May of 1972, Bush was given permission to move to Alabama
temporarily to work on a U.S. Senate campaign with the provision that
he'd do equivalent training with the unit Montgomery.
Bush's service records did not show him logging any service in Alabama
until October of that year.
Any of that services in doubt, since the world first reported Bush's
body attendance record may of 2000, no one has come forward with any
credible recollection of having witnessed Bush performing
guard service in Alabama or after he returned to Houston in 1973.
While Bush was in Alabama, he was moved from flight status for
failure to take his annual flight physical in July of 1972.
On May 1, 1973, Bush's superior officers wrote that they could not
complete his annual performance review because he had not been
observed at the Houston base during the prior 12 months.
Although the records of Bush's service in 1973 are contradictory,
some of them suggested they did a flurry of girls in 73 in Houston,
a weekend in April in 38 days of training crammed in a May, June, and July.
But Leclight of the retired colonel concluded after reviewing national
guard regulations that Bush had not received credit or pay for many of those
days either.
The regulations, Leclight and others, said required that any scheduled
rules at Bush missed must be made up with either 15 or 30 days after
the day of the drill.
Leclighter said the records pushing to conclude that Bush had little interest
in fulfilling his obligation and his辞 is preferred to look the other way.
Others agreed.
It appears that no one wanted to hold a accountable, said retired Major
General Paul A. Weaver, Jr., who retired in 2002 as the Pentagon's director
of the air national guard.
How do you like that, our AWOL president, baby?
And he's talking, that just shows you how far Carl Rove will go because
he's actually what's all about.
It's not Bush, it's not Cheney.
It's the Carl Rove, myster, who's a roving maniac.
And so far, doing a very effective job of it, by the way.
You got to kind of tip your cap to him before you throw it at him?
Yeah.
20 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Here's the schedule that we got so far.
Okay, there may be some additional changes.
So we'll let you pencil these in.
Jim Mandiffet, too.
Oh, right.
I think that's solid.
Rock solid.
Okay, they don't come more solid than the mad dog.
Moe Howard, David, who's a little on the fleshy side.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Not quite so solid.
Fill in for the obese hand gober, get four for the obese and yet missing
an Affinity or Handgloberg, four to six dirty.
Marlins at Dex six dirty, seven to five to Med set to Marlins again.
Another girls team to play and beat crap out of him and then any care for the baseball game.
How about those tickets at the Ash L stage?
Are they going good?
Going good, going gone, going going.
Are they gone?
I don't know.
We'll find out.
19 to 1 at QM.
This is one of those times many of you might need help fast.
Thankfully, Donald Mattress delivers the same day all across South Florida.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you'll choose from the deepest and wider selection of betting
all available for same day delivery.
Call 1-800-Mattress right now for factory direct prices and immediate delivery.
You pick the day in time for the delivery to fit your schedule.
And Donald Mattress is on time, 99.7% of the time.
Donald Mattress ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
It will winners the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torts of Excellence Award.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you'll choose from the complete line the top names in a business.
Seely, Sirta, King Coral, Simmons, Tempropetic, and even Steerence of Banana Sposter.
All the smart folks are making that call 1-800-Mattress.
So if you've got a need today and maybe you had some damage from the hurricane over the weekend
for a new betting or whatever the other reason is, don't put it off another day.
Check them on thewebidmattress.com.
Give them a call right now and you can be sleeping on a great new bed as soon as tonight from Donald Mattress.
1-800-Mattress, 1-800-MATTRES.
It's a new module.
It's gluesed light.
On 560-MATRES.
Push 8s Gaze.
Push 8s Gaze.
Seed, pal, her pass.
A gay amendment ban.
The off-design fence is going to go to become a married home where we've discussed it unless you're ahead to roll.
Because push 8s Gaze.
What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century?
And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and state governments?
Travel sovereignty means that.
Sovereign.
You're a...
You've been given sovereignty and your view is a sovereign entity.
And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities.
Oh yeah, 1246-560-WBDQM.
Most of them have a whole community that actually saved the word there.
I can't even understand it.
I just can't understand it.
It's almost as good as...
Abu Garib, but not quite.
How is the pull coming in on 3-2-1?
513 votes.
Which event of the past week was the most significant to you?
We had some heavy duty crap this past week, man.
We had some big, big, crap going on.
Hurricane Francis 226.
That was a polycrap.
Let me say again, Ivan is going to look like Cuba.
Puerto Rico.
I'm sorry, I mean Jamaica.
Sorry, all your weekends.
Jamaica and in a Cuba.
After it kills the L, it's going to go off into the Gulf.
And maybe, you know, maybe a few rednecks.
Or maybe it'll take a left turn and hit a few beaners.
513 votes.
Hurricane Francis 226.
The slaughter of hundreds in Russia is second-hundred-twenty-nine.
Grotesque unacceptable.
New poll show Bush with a huge, big lead, 117.
Not huge.
Now CNN's only got at seven points.
Time in Newse week 11.
The dolphins picked a field of restart in quarterback.
And that's a pretty sorry situation, man, when that's so what you got between
Tucci, Philly and, well, 25.
So then, in Bill Clinton's heart surgery, only 16 out of 515 votes.
Only 16 say that was the big news of the week.
Now, weren't you kind of like taking a back?
I realized that those other things, several of them, come over shadow, I guess.
Yeah.
Were you taking a back when all of a sudden out of nowhere?
We found out that the slim and trim.
And I want to say it again.
I know I said it yesterday, but maybe a few people got their power back today.
Or somebody returned their stolen radios.
But the fact that they're trying to pick on poor Dr. Agustin.
And I don't like the guy, I don't like his book.
I got it in the other room.
I don't like it.
The soft beats start to me.
It's just a shameless ripoff of Atkins.
But there are a lot of people who swear a bite and are doing well on it.
Who was in our place, who told me that somebody was doing really well?
Are that atkins?
No, no, on the soft beats die.
Somebody.
I don't know.
But regardless, irregardless as somebody would say.
The fact is that it has existed because six months to a year he was on this soft beats die.
Is why he had the quadruple bypass.
I'll say it again.
Genetics.
Hardening of the arteries runs in his family.
A number two, a lifetime of eating crap.
His arteries didn't get oil or cloth on the last six months to a year because he was on any kind of diet.
And they still got all that file footage of eating all those greasy cheeseburgers and all that other food.
Man, that sounds good now, you know.
It'll kill you.
And all depends if you've got good genes, baby.
That's a different story.
Some of us have really good genes.
Some of us wear good genes.
Some of us say we've got good genes.
That's a good poll question.
Would you rather be able to wear good genes or have good genes?
Or maybe do sister gene?
Oh, it's bigger than I did about Bush's case.
The reason I played that gay activist in the GOP with hold endorsement.
Those log cabin Republicans are pointing their laws in another direction.
Oh, boy.
Well, actually, they're not pointing them any direction.
That's what Stephen really said.
The board of log cabin Republicans,
a bunch of self-hating fad as if there ever was one.
The largest group for gay men and lesbians in the party voted overwhelmingly last.
Not against endorsing President Bush for reelection, because of his support for a proposed
constitutional amendment banning sane sex marriage.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
The decision in six months of soul searching is the group which endorsement is debushed in 2000.
An old limp of Abdul in 1996 wrestled with its divided loyalties.
They like the way he gripped that pen, I guess, Abdul.
Although the group was immediately critical when the president announced his support for the amendment in February,
it pointedly refrained from ruling out endorsement.
Its effort to balance loyalty to the party without position to a major item on the Republican agenda
has made the target a criticism from both supporters and opponents in the proposed amendment.
As delegates of the Republican National Convention were preparing to adopt a platform condemning gay parents, for example,
a handful of gay rights activists were protesting outside the log cabin party August 29th in Bryant Park in New York.
In a meeting last time in Washington, the group's board voted 22 to 2 who withhold its endorsement as spokesmen said
that the climate may hold out.
In a statement afterward, Patrick Guerrero, a second director of log cabin Republican cited as a poll showing that
more than a million gay men and lesbian voter for Mr. Bush in 2000 that included 45,000 in the pivotal state of Florida
which Mr. Bush allegedly carried by about 500 votes.
Some of the accuses of being this loyal Mr. Guerrero or whatever his name is, it was actually the White House who was this loyal to those gay voters he said.
Representatives of the Bush campaign surprisingly did not return phone calls seeking comment.
I can't imagine why, it's wrong with him.
So how do you like that? So he's going to get a lot less fags in Florida going to be voting for Bush who voted for him last time.
And a lot less Julio's voted for him last time, a lot less of your people, many less.
I would say at least 30 men.
Right, he's a communist anyway.
Right. Log cabin proudly supported the president's firm leadership in the war on terror Mr. Guerrero said
we especially applauded president's leadership in cutting text from American families, small businesses, belief in free market principles,
and his compassionate and historic leadership in the global fight against HIV AIDS, right?
You should live so long. The group also announced what it called flipflops by Senator John Kerry.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so what else is there?
The log cabin self hating Madi Kone's baby.
I wonder if they like that crap Madi Kone would cheese.
No, ask them.
I think they like that cheese on it. In fact, I probably can't play that anymore. Don't forget the cheese.
No, why not?
Oh, no, okay. I just decided.
All right. In fact, we have a new model on this radio station.
We ended out, we went out.
Okay?
Just keep that in mind.
Also the Eric and Polka Brian out there. Okay.
When it out, we get paid exactly the same.
Whether we're really a spectacitor over the line, near the line,
I say take a look at the line and then the back up 100 yards. That's the best idea.
Okay? But don't forget the cheese.
Total line.
Speaking of that, Bob Graham's new book is out this week.
What's the name of that book?
I just didn't even say here what the name of the book is.
Now that's the bad book of love.
No, seriously. I mean, this is in a herald.
Now, would they leave out the name of Bob Graham's book?
That is so typical of the herald, man.
Oh, and I hear it is.
I apologize to the herald, not intelligence matters.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Well, then we shouldn't be picking on Bush because he ain't got nothing to worry about, right?
Right.
No matter.
Two of these September 11th hijackers had a support network in the US
that included agents of the Saudi government and the Bush administration and FBI
block their congressional investigation and event relationship.
Senator Bobby Graham wrote in a book being released this week.
It's called Intelligence Matters.
We love Bobby Graham with it without that hurricane.
Discovery of the financial backing of the two hijackers
would draw a direct line between the terrorist and the government of Saudi Arabia
and trigger an attempted cover-up by the Bush administration, the Florida Democrat wrote.
And in Graham's book obtained by the herald Saturday,
he may clear that some details of the financial support from Saudi Arabia
were in the 27 pages of the Congressional Inquiries final report
that were blocked from release by the administration
despite the pleas of leaders of both parties on the House and Senate and Intelligence Committee.
I'm going to read that paragraph again more coherently.
In Graham's book, Intelligence Matters obtained by the herald Saturday,
he may clear that some details of that financial support from Saudi Arabia
were in the 27 pages of the Congressional Inquiries final report
that were blocked from release by the administration.
Despite the pleas of leaders of both parties on the House and Senate and Intelligence Committee,
Graham also revealed that General Tommy Frankstold in February 19, 2002,
just four months after the invasion of Afghanistan,
that many important resources, including the Predator Drone Aircraft Crucial Research for Osama Yamama and Al Qaeda leaders,
were being shifted to prepare for a war against Iraq.
Graham recalled this conversation at McDial Air Force Base in Tampa with Frankst,
then head of Central Command, was looking troubled.
Senator, we are not engaged in a war in Afghanistan.
Excuse me, I asked. Military and intelligence personnel being redeployed
to prepare for an action in Iraq, Frankst, continued.
Graham concluded, General Frankst's mission, which as a good soldier,
he was loyally carrying out, was being downgraded from a war to a manhunt.
Graham, who was chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee from June 2001,
to the build up to the Iraq War, loaded against the war resolution October 2002,
because he saw a rackage that I version that would hinder the fight against Al Qaeda terrorism.
And you know what he was?
Absolutely correct sir.
Graham oversaw the 9-11 investigation on Capitol Hill,
who represented Porter Goss, nominated last month to be the next CIA director.
According to Graham, the FBI and the White House blocked efforts to investigate
the extent of official Saudi connections to two hijackers.
The Saudis, man, they are the chiggers in the wood pile.
Graham wrote that the staff of the Congressional inquiry concluded that two Saudis
in the San Diego area, Omar Al-Bayumi and Osama Bassan,
who gave significant financial support to two hijackers, were working for the Saudi government.
Al-Bayumi received a monthly allowance from a contractor for Saudi-Sidil Aviation
and had jumped from $465 to $3700 in March 2000 after he helped Nawaf Al-Hazmi
and Khalid Al-Mindar, two of the September of the hijackers,
find departments and make contacts in San Diego just before they begin their pilot training.
When the staff tried to conduct interviews in that investigation and with an FBI informant,
Al-Busatar Shake, no came to Shakeyabudi, he shook,
who also helped the eventual hijackers, said they were blocked by the FBI administration, Graham wrote.
The administration's CI also insisted that the details about the Saudi support
number that benefited two hijackers be left out of the final Congressional report, Graham complained.
Bush had concluded that a nation state that an aid of the terrorists should not be held publicly to a count-gram wrote,
it was as if the President's loyalty lay more with Saudi Arabia than with America's safety.
Let me read that last sentence again.
Good, it was as if the President's loyalty lay more with Saudi Arabia than with America's safety,
cared more about Bandaar, Bush, than your asses out there.
Saudi officials have vociferously denied any ties to the hijackers or al-Qaeda pilots
to attack the U.S. Great Manor, the Audi Audi Audi.
On Iraq, Graham said the administration and CI consistently overplayed its estimates
of Saddam Hussein's threatened public statements in declassified reports
while its secret reports contained warnings that the intelligence on weapons and mass destruction was not inclusive.
It just goes on, get that to a go, I can give today intelligence matters.
We're like I said, this President don't have to worry about that.
Unmigilable archmage, emotionally, around 16.
The Buttheads is the one to two hours.
All right.
I buy a selfie, selfie by the way.
I buy a selfie, selfie by the way.
Now your deploy got a statement and said, why are you falling?
I said, take up the ring, I'm going to fall.
The one around here is going to miss you.
But I don't know if it's a little too loud or loud.
I'm going to miss you, I'm going to miss you.
I buy a selfie, selfie by the way.
I buy a selfie, selfie by the way.
Now what were you saying just before the abracter you've learned about something?
The van is gone, they've given away all the goods and they're gone.
The goods are gone and gone for good.
But now the evil doers are coming in, what's the goods are gone?
Speaking of the evil doers.
Uh oh, let me just grab a nistil, come grab a nistil.
Former President Jimmy Carter is accusing fellow Georgia Democrats, Zell Miller.
What a man, Oman, you talk about Redneck, Yehu, Inbred,
that's Zell Miller.
Anyway, Jimmy Carter is accusing Zell Miller of unprecedented disloyalty for the senator's speech
of the Republican convention.
In a letter sent over the weekend, Carter also called Miller's speech,
rabid and mean spirited.
He has rabbis.
By now there are many of his loyal Democrats who feel uncomfortable in seeing that
you've chosen the richer over the poor, unilateral preemptive war over a strong nation
united with others for peace, lies in obfuscation over the truth,
and the political technique of character assassination is a way to win elections
or to garrern or a few moments of applause.
Carter's orifice declined to release the letter to them,
but Miller's office confirmed the contents.
Miller responded to the day by repeating his contention,
made the convention speech last week, that the security of his family outweighed
any loyalty to the party where he spent a lifetime.
John F. Kennedy worried about the dangers of extreme party loyalty,
and once said, what sins have been committed in its name, said Miller,
who plans to retire in January as a Democrat,
my first loyalty isn't always will be my family.
Carter also defended himself against Miller's accusation in the speech that
Carter was a pacifist, Carter said he served in the Navy from 42 to 53,
and has presents strength in the nation's military.
This is in the first time the two former governors of Classics Miller began disagreeing
with Democrats and key policy matters, and became a right-wing Yahoo Redneck nut.
Last December, Carter said Miller had betrayed the principles he thought the two shared.
Carter said former governor Roy Barnes decision to appoint Miller to the Senate
was a mistake in December.
Miller called Carter a friend of more than 40 years,
who had written him at least a dozen personal notes.
Half of them gave me hell, and the other half are bragging on me.
He said, so I figured I'm okay with this.
I didn't pay 500.
He's a piece of turd, man.
Yes.
You think her?
But I'm glad I didn't watch it, though.
You watch it?
No.
Of course not.
Don't forget, join George, Volker Brian, and Miguelito.
Little Miguel, who needs a little...
In fact, bring him a map of Cuba tonight.
When you go to Treasure Island, maybe you can find something out about that.
And if it's still there after this weekend.
For happy hour, five to seven of the Treasure Island, just off the Palmetto,
just off the 127th Street exit.
Stop by for drinks, specials, and...
Wins from reading crappy Q&A prices, and maybe who knows, good luck.
Maybe a little squeeze from Miguelito.
Now, we're going to take two calls this hour, or what?
Because I feel like I've got a whole bunch more very important stuff, but...
You know me?
You ought to.
No, out of what?
Take some calls?
Yes.
Well, why is that?
Well, they're always so good.
Five, five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Yeah.
He basically challenged Chris Matthews to a duel because Matthews...
Yes.
Do you want to...
Do you really believe that John Kerry wants to fight the enemies with spitballs?
So he said...
He called...
Basically called Chris Matthews and hide it.
He wants to come over there, wishing he was next to him, so he can go back to the days of a duel.
Well, it's beautiful.
It's physically a touch Matthews.
Guys, the moon is there.
Want a girl, boy, huh?
Oh, yeah.
That's so good.
Thanks for the news, pal.
Let's see at the border.
Boy, I'll tell you.
That would be an M-call, and anybody would be like Greg Reed calling somebody an idiot.
W-Q-A-N-H-L-O.
Q-I-M.
Oh, by the way, Defoe, Greg, I can go return your calls.
W-Q-A-N-H-L-O.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, a big, big guy with a ball.
Thank you.
Good one.
I like that.
That's excellent.
What's his beef?
W-Q-A-N-H-L-O.
Yes, sir.
This isn't Bill Kamaul's driving school, is it?
Yes, it is.
And by the way, I look up.
In closing.
Don't be picking on Miss Kamaul, okay?
Just because she was in coherent and hyperventilating Ginierevi Boop-Dove and we're proud of her.
But again, put that child in a straight jacket if we have another hurricane anytime.
A straight jacket?
In a not-so-straight jacket.
Put them in a broom closet.
Maybe you'll find Brian Russell and around in there.
Boy, well, he was just...
I know that North Cross won the pool, but then again, that's...
You know, that's a Giniere, because it's...
It's fun to play.
And he was here in the...
You know, a lot of condemnation for his historical behavior over the weekend.
But Miss Kamaul was in a league of its own, man.
Just draw on that thing back and draw on it back.
And that cone kept getting closer and closer.
You had a feeling that that damn thing was going to be knocking on your door anytime.
Oh, hi, I'm Francis.
But I'm being, you know...
Of this grace, but of course, it's channel seven.
Nothing is ever a disgrace, because that's especially anyway.
Hyperventilating, hitting historical.
WIOD, like I said before,
a total embarrassment, proven conclusively that there is no news station in South Florida.
See, they were really doing the right thing by summer casting.
And I'm sure that was a great thing on Friday.
Oh, we got to get some regular programming on. Nobody's going to be listening.
The only people who would have been listening were people who were like...
In their cars, with not access to a TV set, who wanted to get some information.
Or maybe people already had their power out.
That's the public service we could provide, as opposed to dragging your little ass in there.
And Kurdistan, anybody else to talk about just sports craft?
They just don't get it and keep in mind, my friends.
This is the radio station that continued talking sports for an hour after the plane hit the second tower in 9-11.
We had to do something for Bush to listen to.
Yeah, he was busy reading that book. I'd like to go.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Can I still say 2D-30?
W.A.M. Hello.
Not there?
Or breather.
W.A.M. Hello.
Can I speak to me, please?
Speaking, please.
Neil, how's the other guy on the...
All right.
Good. Listen.
You're talking about the people that they were saying that the doctors were making a huge huge sacrifice going up to a new release to play.
And they ran on it for about an hour saying they were heroes because they were leaving the hurricane scene.
Yeah.
Also, they don't want to leave their families, man.
They want to leave their families behind.
I understand, but the drugs, the drug mongers, they were going crazy about it.
Yeah. I really don't care to be honest with you.
Also, if you saw the news coverage, they had a little girl. She must have been a piece four years old.
And they were asking her how she felt about the hurricane, how she was her experience.
And this is a reporter asking her for you, and to my disbelief, she said that she's OK, but she's worried about Ivan.
That makes you know how much paranoia the person that's right.
That's right.
She's probably emotionally scarred for life now because of the unexpected.
I could have made you see me, she knew that I was in, or whatever that shit is.
Alvin, yeah. The chin.
Well, the comment is she has to be ready.
Alisa, I mean, let me just come out and take the tape. She's the winner.
See you, Pellie.
All right.
5.670560, I'm going to 5.60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
Man, you're right, man. There ain't nothing like these calls. They're the best.
Even the bad ones are good. That's why there's so many good ones.
W.A.M. Hello.
Yes, man. What's up, hey?
How you doing, Pellie?
I'm doing awesome. Can I call someone to do some bags?
Now, let me show you, can't.
That's sad. That's an inside guy. That's Maddie Bell's boyfriend.
Al, did we ever get any response from First Rapper?
About what?
Scoo and Winnick?
No, but Jeff Cohen called.
And said, he's out there. He's just having some hurricane issues lately.
So, you know, but he's out there listening and loves you and all that.
Well, what does that mean? He's having some hurricane issues. I don't understand.
As far as why he's, you know, good atson.
Yeah. Does that explain why he had that taped spot on the show on yesterday?
There is. There is something going on in that place, man.
I don't, I can't, I'm not going to worry about it in ceremony, you know.
I'm getting paid real good and I'm not going to worry about it.
Like somebody said, I don't want to say you, but somebody said to me just a few days ago,
if they don't care what else you'd wait, you know.
Don't care for the days.
That is the most F-duck place I have ever seen.
I'm not just saying that to be a, it just, it just is.
It's so funny.
There is no real business in that radio station. It's just monkey business.
God, will it ever end?
No.
Greg, ever get a life, a clue?
No.
Man.
WQA and hello.
And back at you. That was Greg.
Clank in the show.
WQA and hello.
Yes, I just want to make a comment.
Go ahead.
Oh, I'm under any oven?
It sounds just like you right now.
Oh, okay, man. Yeah.
You just wanted to say you got a good program, I think, at Howard Stern is a good addition.
To the formats, you guys were oversportsing it.
And I'm sure you know that too, man.
I know you're not a real big sports guy, but you know.
I like sports, but I'm out obsessed with it.
I'm not, I don't drink it and breathe it and eat it and, you know.
Yeah, absolutely, man.
And they were, you know, they were just passionate issues over and over.
But it's good now because they go over things that, if you don't heard of, I hope everything is good with you on the hurricane and you take care of that.
Thanks a lot, pal, YouTube.
Now, there is the kind of call.
See, about one sick, twice a year, we get one like that.
All we had one a few days ago.
Really?
Yeah.
Looks remember I said there's a happy guy.
Oh, that's right.
We talked about he likes Stern, he loves this show and he's real happy with the format.
And this guy, the same thing.
So we'll take that poll tomorrow and we'll find out this to who's happy and who's unhappy.
I mean, I realize we keep doing it, but it's because things are so chaotic at WQM.
We really don't even know who's going to be on half the time.
I'm not making that up.
People think, oh, yeah, you're just a kid in this deal.
You're just, I'm publishing it.
No, I'm not.
I only wish I could say I was word.
But it's just an amazing situation that we had that great spring rating book.
Everything we were kicking ass, man, we on the world, we had the world by the balls.
And now all of a sudden somebody's squeezing it too hard.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Because pretty soon we're all going to sound like like that.
They keep squeezing any harder.
How's Gellie doing?
You saw him the other day or not?
I did.
I saw him on Monday.
You coming in bond for a minute or two?
No, he was scrambling, visibly trying to find some information, sports information.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sending out of resume stuff like that.
By the way, it's highly unlikely I would say on a scale of 45 billion.
There's maybe one chance in 400 billion.
There's going to be a hockey season.
So you can take that world cup of hockey or cup of soup or whatever that thing is.
And jam it.
All you NHLers, man.
You and the agents and Gary Pittman and Bob Goodnell and Goodknopf and Good Night.
You know?
No NHL.
Very sad situation.
If I could have a little chat with my friend, the engineer, that was here this morning to check out the equipment here.
Yeah.
He was a great guy, really competent, good guy, very happy, go lucky, kind of guy.
You know, kind of people you find around here, right?
And he was talking about the fact that there isn't going to be any hockey season.
Can you imagine going running in anybody down there who would say, oh gee, what are we going to do?
There's not going to be any hockey season.
See, here we got our priorities straight.
Okay?
Not much else, but we got our priorities straight.
Right now, Armstrong Ford, a homestead wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining 0-4s.
So, just some of the great deals waiting for you right now.
And 0-4, F-150, pick up just $1 over invoice.
New 0-4 Explorer is just a $1 over invoice.
Rangers, CrownPix, Tourists, and Focuses, all waiting for you.
It's just Uno de laudé.
What is that?
How many?
Uno de Peso, $1 over invoice only at Armstrong Ford a homestead.
Plus, Armstrong Ford offers more value to its loyal customers.
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for a life program
that is absolutely correct, tires and batteries for life.
The value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't just stop there because right now,
you get a free floor to sun pass with any vehicle you buy.
If you're pressed for a time, Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable,
especially now with all they have at this thing going on.
So, just give him a call at 305-247-512 and shop right over the phone
to deliver your new vehicle right to you to your home, your office, the massage parlor,
wherever you're hanging it out.
Armstrong Ford, a homestead local, owned an operator.
They treat you just like family.
I guarantee you, I've had Greg's life on it, you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town.
No bait in the switch, no phony deals.
Armstrong Ford a homestead and you'll find him at 307-25,
South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836,
check out the web, ArmstrongCars.com,
and then drive a little and save a ton on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford a homestead.
So, this is the stuff I'm so keen to get this for dad.
Oh, he's nice, really.
Let's see, I'm on the way to the top.
Just let me, let me, I'm on the way to the top.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm on the way to the top.
I'm on the way to the top.
I got a great job with George Charles.
Yeah?
Yeah, I want you to listen very closely to this one.
I might plant some ideas in your mind.
Investigators think of Boynton Beachman,
Uthurakane Francis, to lure his 83-year-old mother to her death
and an apparent murder suicide official said.
And how exactly did he do this?
I'll tell you right now.
John Robert Johnson, 54, invited his mother to his house to write out the storm police said.
Okay.
When he got there, he started a car on the garage
and both died later from Carb of an Oxide poisoning police said.
A suicide letter was found inside Johnson's home detective Ray Shilke said.
The content of the letter was not released.
But Shilke said, we do not believe the mom was a...
We do believe that the mom was not a willing principal bit of her dead.
What an interesting way to put it.
The ol' Johnson and her son lived side by each
in the 1700 block of Pamela and dry.
Investigators are looking at it like a safe haven offered Shilke said
that was written or the reason for it to be at the house.
Redept does not appear to be accidental, pully said.
Maybe she's just breathing accidentally, but the good part of it is,
I guess she ain't going to be doing it no more accidentally or on purpose.
I did like that.
I just mentioned that in passing something for you to think about.
I don't have a grudge.
Well, I do.
For the right price, 5.6705.60,
£5.60 on the Verizon's singular wireless line.
Let's get at least 40, 50, 60...
Fuck, dirt man!
...and calls in between onto a flight.
Don't forget the mad dog or two.
Oh, right.
Write it down. I think you can put an ink.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
What?
That was great, wasn't it?
What was that?
I mean, I know who, but what was that?
That was God, that's a God.
Yeah, it was God.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
QAM.
This is it.
That's me, can you help me?
Speaking.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great, how are you doing?
Good, I just got a 30-year-old hearted game.
We got this at the cone.
I'm off in Palm Beach County.
I can't hate dead, huh?
Oh, damn.
So you're going to sit and tell me that Channel 7 news from a blog,
it's a good thing they did tell people, because you know,
we still don't have power where we are, and it's almost ridiculous.
It's a good thing to compare people to Miami.
It's nothing going on in Miami with whoever you guys can admit.
Yeah.
And it's pretty fast, though.
Well, as you think it's a responsible thing to get,
even though they knew it was going to be well north of Dave County,
and north of Most of Browdy, it's responsible to get people whipped up into a frenzy
and running out and buying plywood and water that they're not going to need.
No, that I understand.
I didn't see Channel 7 news, but where we are, it's a good thing.
You know, to hear how you can find them on our win-com by my house,
I'll get lost for six hours, and I was not too far.
Good luck to you, Pali.
Thanks.
Okay.
Keep it on me, Stan, what I'm talking about.
What are you talking about?
Miss Kamal.
They just don't get it.
Let me say it again.
National Hurricane has ended a very fine job for like two days before the thing actually made landfall,
our predicting where it was going to go.
And yes, it was wobbling and it's stalled, and it did this, and it could have done this,
and it might have done it, but you know what, it didn't.
It's one thing to be prepared, and it's say, okay, well, might just do this,
and then you decide for yourself how much preparation you want to make,
depending on just what you perceive for yourself, you think it's going to happen.
You go online, you do little tracking, you go to get the tracking map,
you listen to some of the people from the Hurricane Center that are hyperventilating
and doing St. Vitus Dance, and are getting everybody crazy.
And then you decide what you think you're going to need.
But getting everybody whipped up into an absolutely anthroplectic frenzy,
that ain't my idea of being responsible, okay.
And it was this guy, he got the ass end of it.
You know, he got a big time.
But didn't they predict it was going to come on shore between like up in the Fort Pierce Viro
between there in Melbourne?
Yeah, middle of the state, that's where it hit.
And it came on the eye, came on shore and in the store,
and like right up there is where they really got hit with the ass end.
Oh, it might come back down here and blah, blah, blah, blah.
All this other crap.
Yeah, we were very lucky.
And of course that brings to mind, is Dave County, is Viro County, is Palm Beach County,
is anywhere in Florida really prepared for a category 3, 4, or 5 hurricane?
I would say the answer is no.
No, we were very prepared for a CAC 2.
Yeah, not at all.
No, no, seriously, can you imagine, I mean, it's a horrible thought,
but can you even begin to imagine if Hurricane Andrew, for example,
would have been say 50 miles north of where it hit in 92.
Can you even imagine it?
No.
The devastation, the death of destruction, they have it, it's just unthinkable.
So we just sit around running and getting our ply.
What it reminds me of, Tom Ridge, you know, go out and get your viscweed
and your, or those old 50s red-skir movies about dropping in a bomb of thunder.
On rollercoaster.
Oh, this school of kids just hide duck and cover, duck and cover.
I don't know the death, duck and cover, yeah.
Man, sounds like a little daffy to me.
Got that sub-work.
I'm sure we do.
WQA, and hello.
Yeah, good afternoon.
Good afternoon, you, sir.
Well, first of all, I'll just describe how these idiots that stand lying
on the data's storms coming to get plywood.
There's an idiot number two, Bill Cammall.
I've gotten used to flying North Crosswrestler, I can deal with him.
But Bill Cammall, he's in a panic, he's freaking out.
He's putting his hand in the map.
Yeah, and you notice there's never any good news
no matter what the hurricane signal is saying.
It's always, oh, whether it could do this, he's always potentially a bad man.
It's unbelievable.
I'm sorry, but that gets people jerked up or get some crazy, and it's wrong,
and he should be firing.
He could sit the weathervane, you know where.
Have a great day.
Okay, thanks.
Why do you like to like that?
5'6'7'0, 5'60", town 5'60' on the Verizon world listen singular world listen.
See how easy this to like latch back into bad habits.
Join George Volka-Brine and Little Miguel.
I was going to say, well, how come all of a sudden we get Miguelito?
I guess I wrote it out there to be somebody to discover something.
For happy hour today, we're going to Seven of Treasure Island right off the palm,
met her just north of the 120 seconds free exit.
Do we have like any special sloth there today or anything?
No, they're all special.
All special sloths.
Join George in the game for drink specials when prizes 5'7'0, this afternoon.
And we'll three tickets by the way they're gone.
Nobody can win.
Hello.
Cool.
Yes sir.
Hey, how's it going?
Great.
Listen, I had the fluke on the whole fantasy thing and I was selling to like a, you know, like a haze.
And I woke up.
Purple haze.
Yeah, the dude had the same, the same spot on the same hurricane and was drawing.
I'm not saying which station.
It was drawing right now.
Why not?
Okay, Channel 7.
Okay.
There was about like 7 in the morning.
I was, you know, I'll drugged up on a flu medication.
This hurricane hadn't moved apparently in the last like 12 hours.
And he had lines drawn straight toward Miami like it was going to.
I could do this and they point those very dramatic lines.
And we're going to see that scene out there in North Bay Village because they got, you know, the Bayes sitting right behind their studio.
And they kept showing and they kept sending the bimbos out there with the ponchos on.
And they're like hyperventilating and so the old lady and her was windy there.
Big deal.
The war coming to an end.
The worst was on Channel 4.
I saw this one guy who had his iris all open.
Couldn't find a thing.
It was all out of focus.
Finally finds two cops in the surfer.
The surfer tells, you know, it's live TV, right?
You finally find the soldiers in his iris.
The surfer tells the two cops.
The cops are telling him the thumbs out, get out, get out.
The cops get totally spaced by the surfer when he grabs his board and jumps into the ocean.
And they can't ever believe.
Yeah.
And I'm like these two guys.
This is like a concept of those wives.
And he finds a really good shot with a great story finally.
And he goes away and finds another rare blurry piece of crap ocean.
Amazing coverage.
Amazing, amazing, lovel.
Okay, I take some more medication, pal.
You'll be okay.
27 after 1 at 5.60.
QAN.
You're in a scene that you need to go to meet your project as a polluted lady on 5.60.
You need to meet your project as a polluted lady on 5.60.
30 minutes.
We raised the terror level high.
And now I'm afraid I'm going to die.
I'm worried.
Not happy.
This day I came to have a chance.
And I think I just beat my pants.
I'm worried.
And I'm happy.
I'm worried.
I'm happy.
I'm worried.
I'm worried.
I'm happy.
I'm worried.
I'm happy.
I like the stores and clothes, the drinks.
I bought a hundred rules of self-suffering.
I'm worried.
And I'm happy.
We have their changes on orange and red.
I'll go and hide under my bed.
I'm worried.
Oh, my, my, my, my.
I'm not happy.
Look at me.
I'm not happy.
I'm worried.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy.
I'm worried.
I'm not happy.
I'm worried.
What's 32 or 28th till the two?
Don't panic until we tell you it's okay to do it.
Don't get all panicky and bent out of shape and psychotic.
Now I can understand people in Palm Beach because a lot of them got really hit hard.
Although I talked to people who lived in Boka.
A lot of people in Palm Beach didn't get all that much.
The farther north you live for the most part, they were the worst to hit you.
And we knew that.
We knew there was a likely from Northern Palm Beach up to a steward in Melbourne,
and four Pearson-Verobyt's and the points in between.
They're going to get likely to get hammered.
Then they did.
They got the hammer.
And that's all we can find.
Here's a fast that says, gun makers are already marketing assault weapons, 1994 ban on 19
types of assault weapons, technically inspired September 13 only five days away.
It says I was going to call, but I'm standing in line with the Tammy Amy gun shop.
Don't want to miss.
Trollen has an autograph in session.
You've got to be one of the very best.
I'm sure that everybody's got their favorite part of every movie, including Fahrenheit
9-11.
That's got to be one of my maybe the favorite.
So many great ones, but the Trollen has to deal.
Yeah, especially when he gets up and walks away.
Wow.
He waddles away.
Soldiers.
He shuffles.
Shuffles, that's the word shuffles.
By the way, don't forget to make shuffleboard tournament come this weekend at cemetery
village.
Myjong in two weeks.
560.
560.
560.
Verizon Wireless and singular wireless lines.
Line 9.
WQA and hello.
My eyes.
It's melting.
It's melting.
You notice why I always say line 9 before I punch that up?
I don't know if you do that.
No, I don't.
I just.
Because it's always special.
You know, it's not just the usual cut.
You will get on the other lines once you wait.
Line 9's always got a special thing to it.
WQA and hello.
Hello, deal.
Yes sir.
Yes, the weather is down here.
It's kind of like the Howard Dean speech.
Where it's going to take us to the homies.
And then it's going to wipe out the Caribbean.
And it's going to wipe out Cuba.
And then it's going to go to South Florida.
Kill everyone.
Oh, come on.
Bill, don't take it that hard.
That was Bill Cama.
Just relax.
Now it was too much to be Bill.
Russia wakes up to a nuclear threat.
Well, since you're already playing at the, uh, the screaming thing.
As fears of a new terrorist attack, Jolten Russia, President Vladimir Poon Tang last week
he should have first time ever order that should have been front page news everywhere.
I wonder if he was kind of rast Putin.
Especially here in the US, forward high.
Don't bring it up.
Put it back in a bottle.
I think I saw that one at 711.
Especially here in the US, for a told us much about the security gap in America's
homeland security as they did about Russia's.
But no US newspaper or TV network put up the news anywhere where you'd see it.
Belated news flash, Putin is just dispatched Russian military troops to guard all of his
country's far-flung, frighteningly undersecured nuclear weapons facilities.
Yes, the same facilities his government always insisted were perfectly secure.
Putin was forced to drop his government's patent in false fraud assurance because the latest
Czechsian terrorism in Russia, schoolhouse slaughter subway bombing, two airline crashes,
proved that terrorists were capable of buying or stealing Russia's vulnerable nuclear weapons and materials
and launching a nuclear terror attack inside Russia.
The gut-check reality apparently demanded a new level of truth-telling far beyond what was acceptable
back when Russia's vulnerable nukes were seen as just potential weapons for terrorists targeting Americans.
Putin's order was powerful confirmation of what some of us have been warning for years.
Russia's so-called loose nukes pose a security threat for the entire planet.
That warning's been sounded for more than a decade by a few bold political leaders such as
Fermi, West Senator Sam Nahn and his colleague Senator Dick Luger, as well as by a number of smart nuclear weapons
experts and a handful of nuclear concerned journalists.
And the article goes on, Martin Shram, it's so worth reading, who writes a political analysis for
Scripps-Howered New Service. It's on our website, Russia wakes up to a nuclear threat from Captain Hill Blue.
That's a jammed good website, by the way.
Captain Hill Blue?
Yep, it's good.
Don't like it?
No, I like it. I just don't get to see it as often as I do.
Well, why not? I'm lazy.
You get all the good stuff and post it all for me.
I see.
Well, a lot of people out there ought to be going to the O'Raj's dot-com and not just looking at the
newty pictures. I mean, that's fine. That's great.
Today we got Annabelle Dombele, Dombele, Dombele Ariel, as your own.
And boy, she's a, wow. She's a beauty.
But we also got on more important, maybe a little bit more important or equally important.
We got some of the clips from Good Old Ben, what's his name?
What's his name again?
Ben Barnes.
Talking about how he pulls some strings to get bush in the National Guard.
He's going to be on 60 minutes to a Dan Ratham night.
You ought to be taking a peek at it.
I can play some of the clips.
But you could actually play them.
And it sounded a lot better.
We could.
Well, why don't you?
I mean, I could play and put the speaker up of this thing here, but I don't want to do that.
It's so Mickey Mouse.
If I were to let the voice yell to him up here, fix it.
Back when I was in Iowa Falls, I'd have to come up and invade my apartment here.
He would have probably hooked that thing up, but you know what?
I'm just as well.
I saw nothing.
He might always down there.
He's okay.
You pick on him too much.
Okay.
Well, I mean, okay.
He's an engineer.
Keep that in mind.
Plus, he needs a haircut.
Are you going to play any of those clips from Ben Barnes?
It's loading.
Are you kidding me?
It's loading already?
It's loading already.
50 seconds.
13.
Stay tuned.
11.
8.
7.
6.
3.
Yeah.
4.
We're waiting on it.
Here's Ben Barnes to one right here.
Hey Ben.
Oh, cannot be found.
Oh, no.
Why did I ask you to do that?
You know, the whole operation there was such crap, man.
And that's a computer that I bought and paid for.
Not like super expensive, but it's just there is nothing in that place that works.
Including management sales.
How is the fresh transfer doing that information I was looking for?
21-2.
I will do it.
Is it coming up or not?
No, it's not.
Huh?
No, it's not.
We'll do it after the break.
I'll put my little speaker up to the mic.
And it'll just inspire some people to watch it tonight when they hear what he has to say.
Okay?
Just one or two clips.
21-2 at QA.
I'm over the years.
I've talked to you for a long time about Charles Alfie, or in his patent and hair systems.
Nobody's better than Charlie.
He's the best in the business.
For over 35 years, he's been providing amazing natural hair-looking hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-looking hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
And he's been providing a lot of natural hair-sizzling.
So stop waiting for some miracle to make your hair-stop falling into the sink, shower on the floor, and give Charlie a call-find out more about this exciting new laser-light therapy treatment, and how it can solve your thinning hair problems forever.
It really can change your life.
Men and women, by the way, can take advantage of this.
Call until free and get more information called 1-800-321-2413.
There is absolutely no obligation.
1-800-321-2413.
Run a wicked web at CharlesAffieri.com.
In the following Stir-Shop, the Aroners mornings in the day end.
And force a run of clock to fight for the future.
We are.
I'm a city.
What's this thing called electricity?
L.A. where it's hot and clean.
Ain't no place for a horse and bugging.
They might go on a bend through where it being has been funny suspenders.
So back home, it's a different world.
No point so you can't call girls.
Come on, come on, and raise that barn.
They can't swear, they can't just say star to you, man.
If you're meant to sit at the feet of these kids.
They can't say the same thing.
Because they're Amish in the city.
Because they're Amish in the city.
No more eating only mutton.
They can use difference instead of buttons.
First time seeing a computer.
Going for lunch at a place called Judas.
Car's home never heard street noise.
And it's the first time they ever seen a homeboy.
So back home is a different thing.
Your tattoos or belly rings.
Come on, come on, and feel no guilt.
When you get home, you can finish next real L.A.
The police is so pretty in this day.
How will they survive when they're Amish in the city?
When they're Amish in the city?
Oi!
One thing about those Amish men, they really are rock solid.
144 at 560 W.
You know, a mad dog or two.
We got the Amarugam tonight.
And all how we're David and continuing to fill in and just hang out.
It's just amazing.
He's like the guy who came for the weekend and just never left.
I think they're going to have to fill in for a year or a half.
Yeah, that sounds reasonable to me.
And hence, you're just going to be like out there, just out there, you know?
Scientists, extreme weather will kill millions.
I don't want to create panic like some of those weather referees.
But I'm going to tell you right now that if you don't think that there is global warming
and all kinds of bizarre things going on and that we're polluting and destroying the environment,
then you ain't a living.
And if it keeps going away, it is, guess what, you won't be.
Maintenance of people across the globe are set to die early due to extreme weather events
such as floods and heat waves caused by climate change of British scientists today.
Professor Mike Prilling said to the heat wave in your past year that killed thousands of people
from a combination of heat exhaustion and increased in atmospheric pollution.
We all experience an increase in extreme weather events.
He told reporters that the annual meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science
there are predictions of a tenfold increase in heat waves.
Let's get Martha and the Van Dellis to sing it.
Come on.
We got it?
You started.
Oh, no.
Increasing, it's a great talker.
I got that video though.
Do you?
I got it to play.
Well, let me, uh, really?
Yeah, I had to touch key, but I got it.
Well, don't, uh, hang on with it.
The increasing frequency of these will inevitably result in a sharp increase in the premature deaths of people he added.
Piling Professor of Physical Chemistry at Leeds University, Northern England said,
atmospheric pollution was like a plague stricken across the planet,
although far worse than the industrialized Northern Hemisphere than the sub-in,
as pollutants drifted from Asia to the US to Europe and then back to Asia.
But the sources of pollution were not just static.
The Buman Air Travel, for example, is contributing the biggest issue is climate change.
We have the control that he said.
The problem was not just factories, planes, power stations and cars pumping out dirt and oxygen chemicals,
but also the burning of wood and fossil fuels, whether perheating light or in the forest and subterranean fires.
Let's go out there and tank it up, right?
Crank up the tank up.
All right?
Unbelievable.
Well, we've got to get the Saudis all that money that they want.
You know, they've got a big investment over there, especially that we've got to keep up that wardrobe.
Okay, I'll play a little of that ten barn stuff.
That's as hot as I can get it.
I'm not laying down on the boat.
I'm not laying down.
I've got a young man named George Debbie Bush and the half of the board.
When I was little over a year, Texas, I'm not necessarily proud of that.
But I did.
I got a lot of other people in the National Guard because I thought that my people should do when you're obviously up to a lot of rich people.
And I walked to the Vietnam Memorial of the day and I looked at the names of the people that died in Vietnam.
And I became more ashamed of myself than I've ever been because it was a worse thing.
The idea was kept a lot of wealthy supporters and a lot of people who had family names and employers get the National Guard.
And I'm very sorry, that I'm very ashamed.
And I'll follow that.
I'll show you the voters' protection.
Right here for men barns, what do you say?
Come on, be here and watch the 60 minutes to see if he has a man rather than a man.
Are you going to play another one?
It repeats, sorry.
Oh, I see.
Well, no, you can go to our website, you'll get a whole bunch of books from that and you'll be inspired to watch it tonight.
And then you'll realize for sure what I grabbed out of your phone and you'll lie and you'll be a piece of crap.
You'll present this.
And this may be a few people.
About 30 men.
I don't think he is worthy.
You know, you're not worthy, man.
Of course we should have already known that.
I think Kerry makes a prize now.
He had that speech since the day of this morning.
Yeah, that was inspiring.
A little, you know, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little bit.
He actually started cranking it up a little bit.
Now you've got eight weeks to go.
Eight weeks from yesterday.
Okay.
Why, you know, shoot your, I can't say it.
Shoot your, uh, good stuff.
I can't say it.
Oh, you don't even think about saying that.
No, you can't.
No.
But why do that?
Although we're ahead of time.
And a lot of people say the good stuff for the end.
It's like a ball game, man.
It's like a sporting event.
Come on strong in a fourth quarter.
It kicks in serious ass.
Right?
Right.
Like the dolphins would do if they had a quarterback
and a running back in a real team.
I'm going to take you right here.
X, crucival.
Right down, right here.
X, crucival.
Right down, right here.
Let's up you some more craziness.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wars and a battery pack.
I don't care if they hate from my rats and feed you.
You choose to the torture.
Cause they're just playing their game.
In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb.
Who's saying?
It's a crime.
We just want to give it to you.
You can really do it.
It's 45.
Yeah.
We just sing it in a song.
You're so big in a box.
45.
45.
But even if it's a bit of a jam,
it's not a game.
It's 45.
That's good.
That's good.
It's a crime.
That's good.
What's solid?
That's good.
What's solid?
That's solid.
You choose.
Oh, right.
You choose to kill and then you throw him.
It's 45.
We're in the black throat.
There's anxiety crimes.
We're in the black throat.
There's anxiety crimes.
This is the end of the rule.
You can't be talking about it.
That's good.
That's good.
That's solid.
Oh.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
Let's just pass by that guy.
Everybody's so loud.
Oh my god.
Okay.
On 56th Mad Dog in a couple of minutes or two o'clock,
let's take a look at some of these great fases we got here.
Like this one here from Vincent.
Vincent's upset because he says recently I went to your website
was instantly informed that I was a winner of some free items.
I applied for these free items and I started in plus of spams thanks to you,
Susvinson.
Well, there's no extra charge Vincent and with the hurricane coming,
who would have liked to have had a whole bunch of spam around, right?
A case of it.
Right.
Hey, you know, that's Eric's deal.
Okay, and he needs the money.
So just leave him alone.
All right.
Anyone doesn't already know that you should not click on Internet advertising
or you're going to be able to do that.
I mean, if you're stupid enough,
I'm going to click on those obvious internet pa as there,
then you're going to want to get a bunch of spam and pop up air at.
And the evil doers will probably come in your house since we had a morning
in the tickle your toenails.
So just that wise up, play a play.
By the way, that is what he won.
Lots of spam.
Do you really?
Good.
That was your prize.
Which is probably a big improvement of most of the prizes we give away
on a radio station.
So click on those prizes.
Here's another one that's got a brilliant guy.
He says there are three things in life you should never take.
One strange pills offered at parties.
Two Greg Reid's word.
That's for damn sure.
And three phone calls.
Why don't you screen your calls?
What guess what?
We don't line up.
Now you do the same way, right?
Absolutely.
Yeah, it's more fun this way.
I don't want to screen it.
There's nothing intense or off-steer.
What's your name?
Where you're calling from?
What do you want to talk about?
See everybody does that crap.
We don't want to do this heavy screening.
And the best part of the deal is the shows that do the heaviest screening.
They talk to the same morons every day.
One from a little of Anna.
You know, so what the hell is all that heavy screening?
Do you know when they put the same jackasses on everybody?
And the Craig still had to get through no matter what.
Yeah, that's right.
Like we just started doing this, right?
And if the screener thinks the caller sounds like a punk or lame brain,
whether or not he agrees with what he or she has to say, crap can it.
It may not be 100% effective, but at least all of the mouth-sounding
effect experts and muddy corn man will read some existence.
Yeah, almost did that.
Jesus, do I miss W.Y.O.D.?
He says circa 1994.
Sixth-handed, both Michael Wolfen and Pete Volger on here last weekend
during their storm-dreck coverage.
Volger makes Bob Green sound like Gary Owens.
Like Walter Cronkite.
Like Blinnie Martez.
Did the try ever come in with the information?
No, I didn't think so.
Hey Troy, you're a useless man and you're bald and I used to like you a lot,
but you used to.
And that business about screwing in man, I'd start thinking about that
and I started up-tucking.
Now here's the fact that says this is good too.
How come these all came in just at the ass end of the show?
These, one of those things.
People have been working on it all day, have they?
When is the near-order show going to give an email address
that we can use to send in stuff?
Get some Q&M tool to screen the material before it sent to you in El Jor, El Jorge.
Faxing is so 20 years ago, kind of like Mohawar David and his hair piece.
And George writes on here, which is something like many times.
If people like this would fax their email address, I'll send them mine.
Yeah, exactly.
That's the last damn thing we're going to do is begin out or even creating.
For example, on a Q&M website where they have the hosts,
they still have and they will not disconnect that link.
They won't disable it.
And you can click on it and you'll get a pop-up thing
and you'll think you're emailing us.
It doesn't get to us.
We don't want any part of it.
So you'll want things, begin out with a cramp call.
There's what some of them are fun.
But at least with the faxes, you're more likely to get somebody with an IQ over three.
Okay, over one or two.
Who's going to send you a fax?
As opposed to emails, which every schlepping or brother-in-law now,
has got its send an email.
So it's a bit of a virus.
It goes back to that computer crap again and believe me,
I love my internet.
I love my computer, especially when it works.
But 95% of it is crap.
Okay?
And we already got more than enough crap.
When you work for Greg Reade, believe you me,
you've got all the crap you can handle.
Don't forget Frazier Island, Jorge Bride and Mika Lito,
five to seven tonight.
Bye, bye, bye!
How are you?
I'm a professional.
I'm a professional.
I'm a professional.
I'm a professional.
I'm a professional.
I'm a professional.
