You learned that al-Qaeda members have resided or traveled to the United States for years and maintained a support system in the United States.
And you learned that FBI information since the 1998 blind shake, warning of hijackings to free the blind shake,
indicated a pattern of suspicious activity in the country up until August 6th, consistent with preparation for hijackings.
Isn't that so?
Do you have other questions that you want me to answer in as well as the sequence?
Did you have indicated here that this was some historical document?
And I am asking you whether it is not the case that you weren't in the PDB memo of August 6th, that the FBI was saying that it had information suggesting that preparations not historically,
but ongoing, along with these numerous fulfilled investigations against al-Qaeda cells, that preparations were being made consistent with hijackings within the United States.
What the August 6 PDB said, and perhaps I should read it to you?
We would be happy to have it declassified in full at this time, getting it tight.
I believe this is an evidence that you have had access to this PDB.
But we have not had it declassified so that it can be shown publicly, as you know.
I believe you have had access to this PDB exceptional access, but let me address your question.
Nor could we prior to today reveal the title of that.
May I address the question, sir?
The fact is that this August 6 PDB was in response to the President's questions about whether or not something might happen,
or something might be planned by al-Qaeda inside the United States.
He asked because all of the threat reporting, or the threat reporting that was actionable, was about the threats
that were not about the United States.
This particular PDB had a long section on what Ben Laden had wanted to do, speculative much of it, in 97, 98, that he, in fact,
liked the results of the 1993 bombing.
It had a number of discussions of whether or not they might use hijacking to try and free a prisoner
who was being held in the United States or some.
It reported that the FBI had full-filled investigations underway, and we checked on the issue of whether or not there was
something going on with surveillance of buildings.
And we were told, I believe, that the issue was the courthouse in which this might take place.
I'm sure this was not a warning.
This was a historical memo prepared by the agency, because the President was asking questions
about what we knew about the inside now.
Well, if you were willing to declassify that document, then others can make up their minds about it.
Let me ask you a general matter, beyond the fact that this memorandum provided information
and not speculative, but on based on intelligence information that Ben Laden had threatened
to attack the United States, and specifically Washington, D.C., there was nothing reassuring
was there in that PDV?
Certainly not.
There was nothing reassuring, but I can also tell you that there was nothing in this memo that
suggested that an attack was coming on New York or Washington, D.C., there was nothing in this memo
as to time, place, how, or where.
This was not a threat report to the President or threat report.
We agree that there are no specifics.
Let me move on, if I may.
There were no specifics, and in fact, the country had already taken steps through the FAA to warn of potential
hijackings.
The country had already taken steps through the FBI to tap their 56 field offices to increase
their activity.
The country had taken the steps that it could, given that there was no threat reporting
about flight, might have happened inside the United States.
We have explored that, and we will continue to, with respect to the muscularity and the specifics
of those efforts.
The President was in Crawford, Texas at the time he received the PDV.
You were not with him, correct?
That's correct.
Now, was the President in words or substance alarmed in any way or motivated to take any action,
such as meeting with the director of the FBI, meeting with the Attorney General,
as a result of receiving the information contained in the PDV?
I want to repeat that when this document was presented, it was presented as, yes, there were some frightened
things, and by the way, I was not at Crawford, but the President and I were in contact,
and I might have even been, though I can't remember, with him by video length during that time.
The President was told, this is historical information, I'm told, he was told, this is historical
information, and there was nothing actionable in this.
The President knew that the FBI was pursuing this issue, the President knew that the director
of Central Intelligence was pursuing this issue, and there was no new thread information
in this document to pursue.
The view of the final question, because my time has almost expired, do you believe that had
the President taken action to issue a director, to the director of CIA, to ensure that the FBI had
pulsed the agency to make sure that any information which we know had been collected,
we know now had been collected, was transmitted to the director, that the President might have been
able to receive information from CIA with respect to the fact that two Al-Qaeda operatives
who took part in the 9-11 catastrophe were in the United States, Hossmi and Midbar, and that
Musawi, who was not even made, who Dick Clark was never even made aware of, who had been,
who had jihadist connections, who the FBI had arrested, and who had been in a flight school
in Minnesota trying to learn the avionics of a commercial jetliner despite the fact that he had no training
previously, had no explanation for the funds in his bank account, and no explanation for why he was in the United States.
Would that have possibly, in your view, in hindsight, made a difference in the ability to collect
this information, shake the trees, as Richard Clark had said, and possibly interrupt the plotters?
My view, Commissioner Benavidesk, as I said to Chairman Kane, is that, first of all, the director of Central Intelligence
and the director of the FBI, given the level of threat for doing what they thought they could do to deal
with the threat that we faced. There was no threat reporting of any substance about an attack coming
in the United States, and the director of the FBI and the director of the CIA had received information,
I am quite certain, given the director of the CIA met frequently face to face with the President
of the United States, that he would have made that available to the President or to me.
I do not believe that it is a good analysis to go back and assume that somehow maybe we would
have gotten lucky by, quote, shaking the trees.
Declare was shaking the trees. I am director of Central Intelligence for shaking the trees.
The director of the FBI was shaking the trees. We had a structural problem in the United States.
The President, we had a structural problem in the United States, and that structural problem was that we did not share
domestic and foreign intelligence in a way to make a product for policymakers, for good reasons,
for legal reasons, for cultural reasons. A product that people could depend upon.
Did the President meet with the director of the FBI in the field in August 6th and September 11th?
I will have to get back to you on that. I am not certain.
Commissioner Feeling.
Yeah, that is enough for right now. It is a 10 past 10 at 560 WDQ.
I am the entire world is transfixed on condolesea, who is of course aligned to her teeth.
I mean, choose a given her testimony. Do we believe her?
No.
At any rate. But Richard Benbenese, he just ripped her an ass pretty good there. That is why I put that on.
I do not want to put the whole thing on to 1130. Do I?
That would be a cop out.
Possibly.
Huh?
Yeah, sure.
Well, you want to hear all that stuff here, 1130?
Especially the ones that are going to like just the lucky, lucky, lucky, you don't want to hear that.
No.
But if they are going to rip her an ass, then we would certainly like to hear that.
Absolutely.
Well, that is like one side of the right.
I want to hear it if that happens.
You want to hear what?
I want to hear it.
Well, you just did. Unfortunately, just before we came on ears when the audience erupted in applause and just going nuts
because he was holding her feet to the fire. But at any rate, she is not going to tell you anything of any substance
because she is not going to lie through her teeth. That is why she has that big gap between her two front teeth.
Oh, it is big.
I beg your pardon?
Just watch yourself now. Don't get carried away just because you have faked your way through yesterday.
No, the camera too.
This ain't the Joe Ro Show, okay? Mr.
What do you mean fake my way?
This ain't the Joe Ro Show, where we say, oh, well, let's give him a scholarship.
Let's give David Boring a silico's the wind of the weather or whatever that was.
He calls a home run the same way every time. Boring.
He is just terminal coma inducing and Josh can't say it because he got a hold of his hand every now and then every half-ending
Pokemon or rib so he can wake him up.
I don't understand this radio station manager.
It's a bad time that there's so little we can say anymore now that they've taken everything away from us.
And by the way, thanks to Jean and Will Manage for your letter in the Sun Central, they will get to that.
We'll get to all our stuff today, but we got Condoleza in here in the meantime.
And the whole world, the CBC is carrying this, the BBC is carrying this, NBC, MSNBC,
Airbnb, networking, a freaking world is carrying this.
And the meantime, in the meantime, they're going crazy in Iraq, but we don't want to hear about that.
Seven South Korean nationals have been kidnapped and three Japanese taking hostage in Iraq, three Japanese people.
And several lot of explosions heard in downtown Baghdad, smoke scene rising from coalition headquarters.
But we don't want to hear about any of those things because we got Condoleza here, right?
That's what's important, not how many more bodies we're going to have in Iraq.
It is just a treat really sad.
10-13, it's almost as sad as the QM sales department.
I'm going to tell you, when I'm there next week, I said this last time and I did it, and I'm going to have to do it again.
Kicksome, real serious ass.
Raccoon.
And that sales department.
I mean, you guys, you can't complain about if they did as much of a job out selling as they do having meetings.
That's the whole dealer.
In fact, they have meetings to decide when they're going to have their next meeting.
That's our sales department. Am I correct?
You got to love that.
That's probably what they're doing right now.
And this piece of copy for Pompadopark of all the sponsors I've got, the longest standing sponsor that I've had on for almost 30 years as Pompadopark.
Since the day I sat my fat ass down in Miami 1976, Pompadopark.
And Tristraford, I'm going to tell you what you had faxed to me here.
I wouldn't give this.
I wouldn't give this to Adolf Hitler.
That's how Rotesque this is written out.
It's written out like for a child wrote it, like somebody with a mentality of a two-year-old child, Troy.
And he didn't write it.
Anyway, Pompadopark is doing something special for the kids this Saturday, April 10.
They're holding their annual Easter egg hunt for kids ages 10 and under.
And there will be 2,000 prize filled eggs for the kids together, rough starting at 7 p.m. sharp this Saturday night at Pompadopark.
There will be 3 minute race, the Easter Bunny will be tracked, sighted to meet the kids and post for photographs.
It's something really nice for the kids to enjoy.
So bring out the kids and let them have some fun at the races too.
Located just a half mile from both I and 95 on the Florida turn.
Pompadopark is easy to get to, no matter where you are in daybroward pomb.
Each and best of all, Pompadopark offers you free admission, free general parking every stinking day.
Live harness racing in the Polk Room, open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon, goes on the midnight, live racing gets underway, not be at 7 o'clock at 5 p.m.
Pompadopark also was open every day like today for silent casting, 7 days and nights a week with the best in harness,
thoroughbred and high-lion from all across North America, for you to watch and wade you on, watch out for a mic saptic.
Pompadopark, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline, wrote for the current racing schedule called 954-972-2000.
Watch out for Ray McLean, Jr. 954-972-2000 to go online at Pompadopark.com.
Don't forget all kinds of special stuff for Easter, go on this Saturday night and live racing tomorrow night and every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday at Pompadopark.
Fly by and local, your sports radio 560-C-8-U-A-M.
RETURN THE SCALIN'
RETURN THE SCALIN'
A bunch of people in Europe, look at Obama and let's treat.
Purs out the press, let's all come from the same place as your cornering, and I will go that RETURN THE SCALIN'
O' like my granddad, I'll play the late pace, I'll weld glad, I might go go fun,
I'm going to eat the sun-highest, I'll pull the monster who lives away up in Loch Ness,
So now I move into the Highlands, I'll get Graceland Rift to, I can't even wear my gold jumpsuit, I'll look for the bill I'll kill it,
Because now what's all that?
Return the Scotland
And that's where I'm from
So is Lisa Marieble
Not Michael Jackson
Here I go
Return the Scotland
I'll go back home
Out by the sea
Here's what I'll do
I'll wear a kit there
With nothing underneath
Oh, where's the sheep, eh?
Back home
The Scotland
Here, couple
10, 20, at 5, 60 WQM, swimming at Condoleases
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
Now if the audience wanted to hear the whole thing to 11, 30
I'd put it on there, but I don't think they want to hear it
I mean they can hear it just about any place else
And it's on air grease
I think it's even on the food channel
Don't you?
I think so
In fact, I got Condoleasy Eden
I don't want to say what she's eating
Because then they'll get all whipped up into a frenzy again
You know, we'll start getting all these threats
So I'm not going to say what kind of Lisa might be Eden
That would be bad
Let's see if the audience wants to hear the whole thing
WQM, hello
Where's Kenny Hallmark
Okay, well let's find out from the audience
5, 6, 7, 05
It's the breather right off the bat today
The heavy breather
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
And for Rise and Marble Slot
They're coming on glue, baby
They're getting
Look at that
There's nobody in town you tell me
Although we had 17,622 for the Marlin game last night
Which is pretty good I think
I was very surprised
Wasn't that pretty good considering it's a Wednesday night
It's a middle of Easter at the expose who are a horrible draw
And uh, middle of Easter and Paisach week and all this stuff going on
Spring break week
A lot of kids are out of school and the families win away
So plus all the snowboards are gone
Bye bye
They're gone
QAM Condoleasy line hello
Hey
Yeah, sir
You want to hear Condoleasy or not
Yes, please
Okay
And when we heard Testa
Oh, but you ain't talking right now
Uh, and Iraqi group has kidnapped three Japanese hostages
Including one woman promised to burn them alive
If Japan doesn't withdraw its forces from Iraq
You hear what I just said
Yep
promised to burn them alive
Else is there a TV screen to video today showing three Japanese
Dresden civilian clothing they're believed to be
Two journalists and an aid worker
The TV said in the statement by the
Hither-to-Unknown Iraqi group called
Saraya Al-Mujahadin had given Japan three days from the airing of the video
To withdraw its troops from Iraq before it killed the hostages
The statement said three of your sons have fallen into our hands
We offer you two choices
Either pull out your forces or we'll burn them alive
We'll give you three days starting the day this tape is broadcast
The hostages were shown wearing civilian clothing
Passport shown on the video gave the woman's name well it's got some Japanese names
At least one of them had a press ID card reports also claim that seven South Koreans
Have been taken hostage in Iraq
QAM kind of Lisa line
Hello
Hello
Yes sir
Is the question whether you should play the kind of Lisa song?
No the question
I just put on the radio I'm sorry
No the question is do you want to hear her testimony or not
Oh no I want to hear the song
Okay
All right now we're talking
See he just turned out he didn't hear the fact I was playing that all
Of course the
Experiated one actually underneath her testimony once you was getting grilled
I mean really roasted and toasted by Richard Bembern these days
Nice caught Richard you go boy
The people were forced to do with a what otherwise have done etc
You you've heard the same things I've heard
Etc
We got a blood bath in Iraq is what we got in the meantime she's trying to make nice you know
militiamen loyal to an anti-USG
I clear a control large swathed so three Iraqi cities that after clashes with coalition forces
While US Marines fought insurgents for the second day around a mosque in the Sunni Muslim stronghold of Fallujah
Fighting this week has left 36 Americans dead at least 459 Iraqis. It's a blood bath
This includes more than 280 Iraqis killed since the Marines siege against insurgents of Fallujah began early Monday
At Aan and Anakkoz and just the not good news man nasty
And now we're saying oh well we'll bomb the mosques if that's what we have to do just like the 40 civilians
We kill the other day we'll be bombing the mosques which of course ought to go over really very well
With the fanatical and not jobs over there
You gotta keep your eye in a bouncing ball folks. That's the problem here. Keep your eye in a bouncing ball because
all of this all of this
Smoke screen that's going on all of this vs
This is not what it was all about
Wasn't about those weapons that the president made a joke about all of those weapons over here
No, they're not over here. Let's look at a see if the Easter Bunny's gone. No, he don't have no weapons
Some joke it's a blood bath the impeachment hearings ought to be going on right now before we continue though
WQM come to kind of leave the line. Hello
Yeah, yes, sir. I talked to Neil about the speaking on go Lisa. Yeah, no, I don't want to hear that
We're in contact with oh, you don't want to hear it. Okay. Yeah. No she's saying nothing
The problem she's avoiding saying anything she's of course
Why anybody would expect her that she's gonna like leak anything out all they're gonna do is maybe a couple of them
Grill her real good like that
But he's didn't it embarrass her and make her a squirm and get more nervous than she wasn't the beginning when she gave her canned
Pre-written you know address
Refusing to answer the questions. They ask the question and then you can still answer you said well, let me say this and then she goes into
Monologue and so pissed off right kept interrupting because you want to make a speech. Yeah, yeah
She won't directly answer any question. There was one. Yeah, I'm totally avoiding answering the questions
Enjoy life and forget about that bitch. What do you say? Yeah, let's do it. Okay. Thanks. Oh, I got some bad news
Though before we enjoy life. Here's a guy to ain't gonna enjoy it anymore. This is sad Jack Smith remember him
Oh, no, you don't know who that is
There are so many Jack Smith so he used to be a Jack Smith on TV. Oh when I was a little kid about a hundred years ago
It was a Jack Smith, but that's not the one. This is the Emmy award-winning correspondent twice six year career at ABC news died
Yesterday 58 with the pancreatic cancer
In green break, California Smith won two Emmys of Peabody and numerous other awards during remember mr. Peabody on
What was that show?
Rock and bullwinkle. Oh, yeah, you don't remember mr. Peabody. Yeah, no not Peabody Peabody
That's why they said in New England. You have to say Peabody is in Peabody, Massachusetts
You you guys just don't get around
Anyway, you've been in Boston haven't you? Yeah, I feel like a fourth grade trip
Oh
Anyway, he won lots of other awards during his TV career helped develop ABC news technology beat and it's cutting edge segment
He was a regular one night line this week with David Brinkley
He was David used to call him our man Jack Smith is what he said now. Of course they're both dead but anyway
David Brinkley did die right?
We're dying make that up. No, he died
So Jack Smith for maybe some uses dead. That's the bad news
We always have dead people at the start of the show. We try to get all dead soldiers all of the bad news out of the way in the beginning
So we can pat everybody on the head and say see we're gonna make nice now. Everything's gonna be fine
Yes, see she's making comments bitch
Uh, guess here's some good news though Terry Copley. I'm very proud. I don't know why Eric's apologizing for the
lackluster we had Marilyn Monroe yesterday
It wasn't the greatest picture in the world
But we had her behind the beaded curtain if we over the ages 75 if you're too feeble to even look down there anymore
If it's hopeless then you're allowed to look behind the beaded curtain just keep your eyes on John ascrotz
BDI's and make sure he's not following where your hands are moving as you're checking out
Terry Copley, okay, she was born May 10th
1961 which makes your 40
Almost 43 right? Yes
And she'd boy she was in a lot of movies Terry Copley are you familiar with her?
I do not know her you know what you ought to get from it you're with her look on the beaded curtain
They're riding the computer sitting there right there near your fat ass. I'm excited
Very fine picture by the way Eric excellent picture
She was in frozen assets
I don't think I can say it riot the movie
Brain donors gambler returns luck of the draw that was made for TV movie
Transylvania twist
Masters of men. It sounds like a bunch of really great movies down the drain in the line of duty DFBI murders made for TV
Glitter made for TV and a lot of other made for TV moves
We don't really care about any of that just take a look at okay. I think she'll pass the mustard
Or to catch it and I think we'll look at it with relish 28 past 10 at 560 Q.I.M
My
I really come back to you and let me ask Ed one of the thing
Have you actually looked at the end lets the messages that the FBI put out yes
To me and you're free to comment on them. They are
Teckless they don't tell anybody anything they don't bring anyone to battle stations
And I personally believe having heard Colleen rallies
Uh, testimony about her frustrations and the misallys and then
That if someone had really gone out to the agents who are working these issues on the ground and said
We are at battle stations. We need to know what's happening out there come to us
She would have broken through barriers to have that happen because she was knocking on doors and they weren't opening
So I just I I ask you this question as a student of government on myself because I
um
I don't believe it's socially equivalent to have people three four five levels down in an agency working in issue even if they're the specialist
um and and you get a greater degree of intensity when it comes from the top and I I just I would like to give you
The opportunity to comment on this because it bothers me of course
First of all that was coming from the top because the president was meeting with his director of central intelligence
And uh one of the changes that this president made was to meet face-to-face with his director of central intelligence almost every day
I can assure you knowing government that that was well understood at the central intelligence agency that now their director and the
DCI had direct access to the president
Yes, the president rettenet with uh the director of the aisle and how many times but of course he didn't with the attorney general and with others
But in a threat period and I don't think it's a proper characterization of the CSG to say that it was four or five levels down
These were the more these were people who had been together in
numerous
crises before and it was their responsibility to
develop plans for how to respond to a threat
now
I would be speculating but if you like I'll go ahead and and speculate to say that one of the problems here
Was there really was nothing that looked like it was going to happen inside the United States?
The threat reporting was the specific threat reporting was about
external threats about the Persian Gulf, about Israel, about
perhaps the Genoa events
It is just not the case that the August 6th memorandum did anything but put together
What the CIA decided that they wanted to put together about historical knowledge about what was going on and a few things about what the FBI might be doing and so
The light was shining abroad and if you look at what the screen we were I was in constant contact to make sure that those things were getting done
With the relevant agencies to stay with defense and so forth now if I just I just
I just we just have a different view of this. Yes, I understand that
I think it's one thing to talk to George Tenant but he can't tell domestic agencies what what to do and
Let me finish just
And it is clear that you were worried about the domestic problem because after all your testimony is you asked at Clark to some of the domestic agencies now you say
That and I think quite rightly that the big problem was systemic that
The FBI could not function as it should and it didn't have the right methods of communicating with the CIA and vice versa at the outset of the administration a commission that was chartered by Bill Clinton and Newt Dengrich
To very different people covering pretty much the political spectrum
put together a terrific panel to study the issue of terrorism and report to the new administration as it began and you took that briefing
I know
That commission
said we are going to get hit in the domestic United States and we are going to get hit big
That's number one and number two we have big systemic problems
The FBI doesn't work the way it should and it doesn't communicate with the intelligence communities now you have said to us
But your policy review was meant to be comprehensive
You took your time because you wanted to get at the hard issues and have a hard-hitting
comprehensive policy and yet there is nothing in it
About the vast domestic landscape that we were all warned
Needed so much attention. Can you give me the answer to the question. Why?
I would ask the following
We've been there for 233 days
There had been recognition for a number of years before
after the 93 bombing and
Certainly after the millennium that there were challenges if I could say it that way
Inside the United States and that there were challenges. Well, I can't handle anymore
Her I just want to hear the questions when they're grilling her and ask because she's not going to give any on a stanza right?
No, of course not
Here's some factors coming in now. Did you understand a word that bitch now that doctor rice to you not bitch rice
That's not nice to call her bitch rice was saying in a opening statement. I mean one word. Well, no
Really she sounded like an eighth grade student. We're setting an essay. She copied out the world book and cyclopini
All the most eighth grade students are so nervous
I don't think she knew what she was saying
But did she sure did remember Richard Clark specifically in all of her mumblings? Yeah, she remembered the Clark in fact
She was one of the first guests on American bandstand
She was dancing and singing a different tune back in those days at any rate
Let's see. Yes play her testimony for us time-steaming weasel. Then tomorrow we can have a question and answer show
Nice going stuttering. Gill. Oh, you're the best. Which Tom Rich came to heart. Okay. We don't want to hear about Tom Rich
He's a wooden ease and other statues
He's got about as much personality as Dave Van Boring at any rate
Let's see here's somebody a Neil Rogers loyal listener
It says we are sad not that this is a letter that this lady wrote to our era America radio
Which I was invited to be a guest on Al Franken yesterday. I said no lost
Talk about Rush Limbaugh. What a bunch of crap boy out seriously if they've been on the year what a week
I believe I think yesterday was the end of the first week that they've been on and they're getting a lot of people listening on the internet
I didn't read that
They won't be tuned back in and I will also point out that the goddess Randy
She's getting the rave reviews that she's the only one that ever had anything positive about they really think that she kicks ass
High school and you go boy girl
But in any rate I mean if they're that desperate they got to have me as a guest in Al Franken after the first week
They really oh
Man can I get all the big shots on the first week?
It should be the other way around I should be hosting that show he should be the guest for about five minutes
So we all go into a coma. I like that idea
And anyway, Sheila and Miami wrote to air America radio where sad not to be among the cities where your stations being aired
Were under the impression that you're in need of additional liberal talk show hosts
Please do not overlook Neil Rogers who is an icon of the South Florida market has been knocking ratings through the roof over the last
25 years Neil is not only liberal but also very sharp very bright
Would he extremely well read absolutely and extremely well spoken
Right? Wow, it would be a shame if he were to fall between the cracks
I didn't know I had a crack problem. I know that Oprah's got a big crack problem
But anyway, we're hoping that you reach the Miami market in the very near future
We wish you Godspeed in the best of luck and also she wants to know where could I buy a copy?
A copy of the condolese sauce. I think these people are all talking about the original
So what do you say? Let's play the original condolese. What do you say guys? Uh, I say yeah
You say yeah
Wow
Would you just win the lottery or something that you don't need a job? Yeah, I'm gonna go as far as saying no on those see
This is a little bit before your time Josh. I know you got a list of uh
14 words there or something the original condolese that don't get played or we all get as Mo would say
Fire-ditted see now
I think the original condolese is fine
In fact, I know that even our management upper level of middle management tickets fine and most amusing as well
But the answer to your question is no we will not be playing that so I don't know where you can get a copy of it
But the thanks anyway Sheila nice letter. They're coming to my support now baby when I need it the most they're coming to our aid including that lady in
Wilton Manor was surrounded by a bunch of queens and anyway
Let's see here's the result yesterday's pool there's so much the elimination of this is Jamie Gurellock by the way
This is I look at it and as I and I thank you for declassifying this this morning although I would have liked to have known it a little earlier
But I think people will find this interesting reading it doesn't call for the elimination of alkyt
And it may be a semantic difference, but I don't think so it calls for the elimination of the alkyt of rest
And that's a very big difference because to me the elimination of alkyt
I mean you're going to go into Afghanistan and you're going to get them
And as I read it and as I've heard your public statements recently there was not
I take it a decision taken in this document
To put US troops on the ground in Afghanistan to get alkyt
Is that correct? That is correct now you have pointed out that in these in this document there is
Attasking to the defense department for contingency planning
As part of this exercise contingency planning and you've listed the ex the
The goals of the contingency plans
You have suggested that this
takes
The policy with the guard to terrorism for our country to a new level and more aggressive level
Were you briefed on
Operation infinite resolve that was put in put in place in 98 and updated in the year 2000 because as I read
Infinite resolve and as our staff reads infinite resolve
It was a plan that had been tasked. Oh, by the way, we have a new one that we started this week. It's called Operation hopeless case
to develop precisely
analogous plans and it was extant at the time and so
I asked you
Then there are many many places where you indicate there are differences. He's getting that real bitchy look on her face again.
Of course this one jumps out at me
Was there a material difference between your view of the military assignment and the Clinton
administrations ex-stand plan and if so what was yes? I think that there were significant differences.
First of all, look at that. She's even on the home improvement channel. Can you believe that?
I in fact, I think what we'll do is we'll play the questions, but we don't want to hear the answers doing no
I see what I'm saying. I like them with a driller. Should they have to? I beg your pardon. Did you what he just said Josh?
And we'll set the trumpet. It's been nice. No one is Zach
But I mean yesterday was fine. You did a fabulous job. I really don't know what you did
But you were just fine
But today you're starting to get a little bit let me say it again. This isn't a sports nurture
I know you've been conditioned working on the sports nerds
I chose a lot of pottymouth guys, but talking about drilling condolences sounds a little bit
Like it might be crawling close to that line that the government's very concerned about. You see what I'm saying?
A little bit of a question. I would I would be watching my choice of language much more carefully
If you're going to be on a really high rated show like this one
I would be watching a little bit more. This isn't the Joe Roe show, is see?
We just have a bunch of people talking about ball games. I mean, I like Joe a lot
He's a great guy. He got a big fat head a super guy and even though he's kind of terminal
But anyway, see he ought to be ripping the Dave and Boring and asked that just pissed me off what I heard this morning, you know
That call I called up Joe Joe is I beg your pardon that call I called up was just
He was like apologizing for Dave
Oh, and then I also this morning speaking as crap
I heard on this radio station this morning. I have no idea why I heard so much
Well, the reason I'm hearing is because George is on vacation this week
So the feed continues when George is there he cuts that thing off as soon as he gets in there
I'm very grateful for that
So so then I can't hear what's on here because I get really agitated especially when somebody
He's on with his sidekick that one
But there was Mo rip in Johnny most this morning and Mo had a caller that he cut off very quickly and the caller made a very good point
Mo Howard David only wishes he would have been Johnny most you know what I'm saying now you don't know Johnny most right?
Well, I know he's on the broadcast TV broadcast
I beg your pardon is he on the Celtics TV broadcast? Johnny most is dead. That's what I meant
He was
Man hit you in fact, I would say you probably know as much about Johnny most is you do about how he rose
How about those broons by the way?
You see the hockey scores. Let's see if I can do them by memory broons beat the Montreal last night right?
Yes, was the three one or three nothing three nothing I believe nothing
And Vancouver beat Calgary five to two which is nice Calgary sucks
Uh, who else let's see Detroit now nashville gave it a nice shot that Thomas
Can we say the name of the goalie for Nashville Thomas Vaucun?
Can we say that anymore? We'll have to check check with muff to see if we can say Thomas Vaucun
But he played great and the national out of one nothing lead quite away through
But I mean near no match for the red wings and Detroit one out one three to one
And what was the other game that I'm leaving out don't tell me
It all it had to be that boring a Western conference Colorado beat Dallas three to one it could have been 80 to one
I mean that was what a mismatch that series is that'll be forced rate Dallas blows
So those are the four games last night of course tonight. We're all pumped up
I'm sure you guys out Florida's really whipped up for the big game for up a rebound off the goal aportis
There's the Boston player
San feel going right through the defense
Here's the shot it gets in behind through the legs bounces off the post comes right back
Gamble's able to cut us good old Bruce Campbell man don't gamble on him
Boston nothing Toronto nothing 1033 remaining in this second period. There's a great feel here
Anyway, we don't want to do too much hockey. Do we know of course you remember a foster bill he would right
Zach no
No, anyway Johnny most was the legendary broadcaster for about a hundred years for the Boston Celix and when I lived in Boston in the early 60s
Now I hated the Celix
In fact back in the day. I was a big St. Louis Hawks fan. You want to know why was uh because I listened to buddy Blatner broadcast
The games on KMO X and St. Louis see when I was a kid I used to listen to the radio a lot
I was a radio person. I know that comes as very unusual a Q. I.m
Since we have very few radio people there. They're just sports people
But uh and I got a lot of my allegiances I developed because of listening on a radio for example
Like the Toronto Maple Leafs and these St. Louis Hawks basket ball team remember the St. Louis Hawks probably not back of the day
But buddy Blatner who's a former a jock one of the few former jocks who was a great broadcaster
He was so great that he tried twice to retire and both times when he tried to retire
He was the fans made such a scream and it had demonstrated that he had to come out of retirement and do the Hawks games under season
How do you like that
Prince op prince made me a pirate span and these things happen when he have a great broadcaster at any rate
Johnny most I hated the Celix so I hated him but objectively he was fabulous. I mean he was sensational
Uh, we was robbed. I mean very one sided, but that's great. There's no problem with that everybody likes a Homer right?
They don't like Homo too much, but a Homer they like
Catch what I'm saying. Mo
And he's he wasn't a great broadcaster. He was a great Homer, but he was a terrible broadcaster
Oh, he wasn't a terrible broadcaster you you couldn't lick Johnny most ass
Mo and most are very good play by play god. Give him credit for that except that he makes a lot of mistakes on the dolphin game
But I heard the clip that you'll play from that to sell the key game last night. It sounded good
Did you hear it? Yeah, we uh, I was excited to get it
Did you think it was pretty good? It was pretty good. I mean it was I um
I'm a basketball fan. So he's a good play by play for me. I got it right here
He's very good. Do you want to play it? It's up to you. Turn it loose
Oh, the shaking thinking handing it to half one short jumper god
Oh man, I'm playing it. I had no semblance of order
Wines up for two for my Annie
There you go. See he's he's he's he's
Kilton toward Boston because he was broadcasting it on a Boston station last night. Do we know what station he was on?
I think it was a zone. I don't know what the is zone. Yeah, I think it's like 1150. I'm not sure
No, no 1150
I never heard of such a station. Maybe used to be WCOP
Coppoli uh, I don't know all these stations now or swiss around there are no more stations
I've got a great piece here speaking of this. I'm all over the place today
I'm trying to do anything except play it too much kandy. We go beyond that. Oh, there's slayed Gordon. Look out for him
He's a real weasel
In fact, you'll see him on Mo's head tomorrow morning
But in any rate, you know, most so I give Mo credit. He's an excellent play by play guy
But he's no Johnny most the guy that called him was absolutely correct
He only wishes he could be Johnny most or Bob Prince or somebody who was identified see the thing was Mo
And I don't know about like the Jets fans. I can't speak for that because I've never lived in New York
Like in recent years especially
But I don't know if the Jets fans would consider like Mo Howard David had like
In the same line that they considered Mel Allen the voice of the Yankees or uh, and then I'm
Here in Kelty they're bringing up John Sterling this morning John Sterling's done in the category like a real broadcaster
He's in the category of this crap that we've had like the last 20 years now of all these make believe guys. Okay. These these idiots
Yankees sounds like he's on some kind of an acid trip. You know, he's horrible
He got booted out of Atlanta unceremoniously and then you know
Steinbrunner picks all these guys up Phil Verzudo is 110 years old doing only cow only cow, you know bad hairy carry imitation
Holy cow put on a coffee core. I'm coming home. He was awful for Verzudo
So it's really sad that in New York you've had so many very very lame
Sportscasters over to many there used to be a lot of great ones back in the day. See what I'm saying. Yep. Are you following any of this?
I'm trying I might even start playing this
Documentary that I found on a history Canada channel last night about Cklw and Detroit. It's unbelievable stuff
It was how I remember the first time seeing the news director
Dick Smife actually do a newscast will find the microphone goes on the air and all of a sudden it's 20 minutes before
This is exciting Cklw 20 20 news you couldn't set still
You know when he always had his hand behind his ear reading the news
saliva spitting all over the uh
All over the glass that separated us his red temple had a blood vessel in it
And when he'd read the news that blood vessel would pulse because he had such tension in that newscast
Because if I you know if I say go and you move your hand like that
You just added that much to the emphasis and and I used to like really throw myself in the newscast
Moving all over the darn place and you know, yes and Detroit and here's the weather bang bang bang Cklw
Just had a bunch more music and pat holiday my play party and cold tonight low 32 cool Friday high 50 the brick index
36 the current temperature after the big eight 24 degrees this is
30 20 news
Oh, man, let's back in the day man when radio was really something radio is dead now
It's so sad and you punch you don't even remember back in the day. Well, maybe you do. I don't know
No, we got to do a break. We got very short breaks day. We have no commercials because we're running commercial free
So we need a lot of condi on anybody believe that no 10 49 at q.a.m
My
Yeah
Guy's in blow all right
Glad to attention. It's trying to recite the new pleasurable agents everyone stands up. Please
Now place your right and our elect hands over the organ of your choice
Let's begin
I may or may not pledge allegiance
Depending on if my parents let me to the flag of the less than United States of America
And to the Republic for which that pagan symbol which I reserve the right to burn stands
One overly litigis nation under the arbitrary sway of a random universe
Control solely lie immutable natural laws
All the divided with every decreasing liberty and justice
For those with a law degree and too much free time
All right, good very good excellent 10 52 at 5 60 that's he bombs says Howard was on 15 10 the zone. Well, I used to be WMEX
I was on the Arnie little side note
Huh I wrote that on the bottom. Oh, he was on now. They used to be WMEX with Arnie Ginsburg and Melvin X Melvin and
Mel Miller and I think Bill Carter worked on this station once upon a time also Alan Lutton was on WME
So a hundred years ago remember Alan Lutton
Nope
From password and the GE college quiz bowl
I even watch the game show channel, huh?
Well, you are really a narrow in scope man. You need to get out of the house more often. I try
And anywhere. Let's see what about how about Condoleezza rice crisps. It says here snap crackle and
That's cute. I like that
Here's the fact that came in yesterday right at the ass end of the show from Charles and dear field beach
What's going on? A Condie
Make sure that critical infrastructure is protected. I okay
Charlie said is it just me or does the Bush administration's refusal to provide the full text of the Condoleezza rice speeds that she was supposed to give a 9-11
Fly directly in the face of common sense. I mean it was a speech to be given publicly to students at Johns Hopkins University
Not a top secret report for a few administration officials on a strictly need to know basis sweet Jesus in the morning says Charlie
They must be putting something in the water supply because how else can you explain why the media continues to be asleep at the wheel or I guess in this case at the mic
Also, I feel compelled to tell you that I used to change the channel every time George Bush came on the TV
But now things have got to the point where I'm forced to take slices of lunch meets weird with mayonnaise and throw them at the screen
Some somewhat please help me for Charlie, huh?
How how goy is to you obviously Charlie and dear field beach ain't Jewish because he wouldn't be shmurring lunch be with mayonnaise
Only goy I'm do that probably has not offend you when people say to you that the you want mayonnaise on that
Or like a ham and cheese sandwich you want mayonnaise?
I don't like that. Oh fat
At any rate
Which of the this was the point yesterday we're a little bit behind because we're carrying this very we're taking a
Series of lies. I mean extremely important. Right. I know
With Condoleezza
And she said it's extremely important. Do we believe her? No
Anyway, which of these people makes you want to puke when you see them on TV now
I'm sure that this probably would have changed if we'd have taken the pool as this is going on now
Condoleezza probably would have moved up the ladder, but nevertheless
George W. Bush 783 wait about twenty two hundred votes on here not too shabby if I say so myself
Rosie O'Donnell three ten so even though she did extraordinarily well. I voted for Rosie
That makes me very physically ill when I see her W. Just uh, even more than doubled her total
Rick Sanchez Ricky Tiki Sanchez boys still not forgotten man not around too much but still hated and despised even more than Greg
Budell rich Sanchez 119 by the way if Greg Budell's listening they hate you like poison Greg it not personal
But they just the public just doesn't like you for whatever the reason you know Greg Budell
Nope, I knew you didn't that's why I asked he's probably upset about that. He's got a very he's very insecure and with good reason
Rush Limbaugh 75
Top a couple more rush rush Limbaugh's got 75. I'm sure he'll be pontificating a great length
About Dr. Rice's testimony today and about how they try to make her look bad and about how he wishes will know with you
Don't get him that supply before he into the week because it's almost a weekend
The other people are going to be rolling Easter eggs. Rush is going to be rolling out some oxies this weekend
I'm sure Dr. Phil speaking of nauseating 71
And Colters scanky nasty scrawny right wing bitch 66 conda leases only got 56 as in Q 56
Totally
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha even he liked it slave Gordon got a big chunk of out of that
Wow, that was most amusing if you ask me Oprah 51
Jesse Jesse Jackson 45
Gloria all red 41 I could go down the whole list it'll it'll kill some time Bob no back and Don Rumsfeld 37 to piece same person
I think
Jeb Bush 35 Sean Hannity 35 fascist Bill O'Reilly 32 of Faker John Ascroft is got
31 others there's a Nazi okay
If you want to pick out one American and say that's a Nazi that's a one John Ascroft remember the stories
We had yesterday about how he wants to ban everything yep not only does he want you to be able to see women's breasts anymore
He's gonna force all women to have their breasts sliced off. Oh
Force mastectomy is coming this if the bush crowd gets in again
When in doubt chop him out thing doesn't have to cover him up anymore
Spoky's deraille 29 Paris Hilton 28 whoopie Goldberg 21
Fair Dennis Miller 20 20
Ellen de jenny 19 star Jones 18 dig chainy dr. James Kennedy 17 of peace joined at the hip same person
Donald Trump and Christopher Reeve 12 Larry King now
Don't you think it would have been better if Christopher Reeve could still walk and Donald Trump was in a wheelchair wouldn't that have been better?
Sure that would be justice
Yeah, why not we like Christopher Reeve he never stole a freight train. I love Superman
Donald Trump he's already had all of his action okay
He's made a millions and billions and enough with him on that stupid show. Larry King's got 11
Nancy Grace 8 Bill mar 8 Keanu Reeves and Rick Santorum 4 piece same person right in orquas 3 and Miss
Commal to Bill Commals right on Brian's ass with two votes you
Unis Kennedy Shriver I don't have any idea when I've ever seen her on television
She's got one Ben Stein finally got one you want Ben Stein's money?
Yep, can't have it and Trent lot and civil shepherd have the big oh none
1058 what's that schedule look like today now? There's nobody in town
But nonetheless being the the troopers that we are here on this radio station
We're all showing up today. We got a full slate full slate Gordon
Moe was on this morning with Geldie doing his routine
We had the Joe Rosalina. They're taking terrible shots at Dave Ann boring which I thought was way over the top
We're until two the mad dog at the master's no gustor where they have all those nice white males
Four o'clock. It's the Humber at the Semitals at the Semitals now when he says that the Semitals is that if that in Hollywood?
I believe it's yeah the full me monster there where you have to be over the age of 100
Thanks, but I have to put on a beard and a foe foe foe to disguise to get in there. He ain't old enough
He'll be at the Semitals 4 to 6 30 Marlins on deck 6 30 the Marlins and the Expo's wrap up their series at the ballpark at pp park
705 that I any K after the game
Mr. Carey of a speech that you gave at that time that said that perhaps the best
Bound curious life and poverty in the way never was to do something about the threat of Saddam Hussein
That's a strategic view
And we took we took a strategic view
We didn't take a tactical view. I mean it was really quite frankly
I was blown away when I read the speech because it's a brilliant speech
It talks about really an asymmetric
I'm assuming you read it the last few days. Oh no. I read it quite a bit before that
It's an asymmetric approach now you can decide that every time al-Hita does you're saying that you didn't you didn't have a
First military response against the cold because of my speech. I'm saying. I'm saying
I know that had I not given that speech you would have attacked him
I'm just saying that I think it was a brilliant way to think about it
It was a way of thinking about it strategically not tactically
But if I may answer the question that you've asked me the issue of whether to respond
How to respond to the cold I think Don Rumsfeld has also talked about this
Yes, the cold had happened
We received I think on January 25th the same assessment or roughly the same assessment of who was responsible for the cold
The Sandy Berger talked to you about it was preliminary it was not clear but that was not the reason that we felt that
We did not want to talk respond to the cold
We knew that
the options that had been employed by the Clinton administration had been standoff options
the president had meaning missile strike for
Perhaps bombers would have been possible long range bombers although getting in place the apparatus to use long range bombers
Has even a matter of whether you have a basing in the region
We knew that
Osama bin Laden had been in something that was provided to me bragging that he was going to
withstand any
Response and then he was going to emerge and come out
I think we should get a very long answer on Capitol
We simply we simply believed that the best approach
Was to put in place a plan that was going to eliminate this threat not respond to it
Our part what I mean say I
I think you got to come in here if you said look we screwed up. We made a lot of mistakes
You obviously don't want to use the M word in here
Uh, and and I would say fine. It's game set in match. I understand that. I mean it if but this
To cheat again
That it was would have been a good thing to respond to the cold given the kinds of
Options that we're going to have and we've all due respect to Dick Clark
If you're speaking about the Dylinda plan my understanding is was a never adopted and that Dick Clark himself has said that the military portion of this
Was not
Taken up by the Clinton administration. Let me let me move into another area
We were not presented. I just want to be very clear on this because it's going to source of controversy
For our Bob is not for us. Oh, but that's not true
We were not presented. We were presented. I heard you say that Dr. Clark
If that 25
Memo was declassified
January 25 memo that January 25 memo I don't have a series of actionable items having to
Answering your question though because this is an important I know it's important everything that's going on
There's important
I get to have a point of disagreement. I'd like to have a chance to address
No, no, no actually there's a we have many points of disagreement Dr. Clark will have a chance to do in close session
You can't please don't fill a bus
And you just not fair it is not fair. I am I have been polite. I have been courteous. It is not fair to me
I understand that we have a disagreement
I'm here to answer questions and you've asked me a question
I might have an opportunity to answer
The fact is that what we were presented on January the 25th
Was a set of ideas and a paper most of which was about what the Clinton administration had done
And something called the Dillinda plan which has been considered in 1998 and never adopted
We decided to take a different track
We decided to put together a strategic
Approach to this that would get the regional powers the problem wasn't that you didn't have a good counterterrorism person
The problem was you didn't have a approach against al Qaeda because you didn't have an approach against Afghanistan
And you didn't have an approach against Afghanistan because you didn't have an approach against Pakistan
And until we could get that right
Thank you for answering my question
Let me ask you another question
Here's the problem that that that I have as I again a time sign appreciate that
But here's the problem that a lot of people are having with this July 5th meeting
You you you an Andy card me with Dick Clark in the morning you say you haven't meeting he made it meets in the afternoon July 5th
As Christian Brightweiser who's a part of the families group testified at the joint committee. He brings
Me very painful testimony. I must say but here's what agent Kenneth Wayne said five days later
He said and he said that
That the FBI should investigate whether al Qaeda operatives for training at U.S. flight school
He posited that a some of the lunch follows might be trying to infiltrate civilly aviation systems pilots
Uh as a security guard another person I recommend a national program to track suspicious flights girls out
Look one of the first things that I learned
When I came into this town was he FBI in the CIA don't talk
Uh, I mean, I don't I don't need a catastrophic event to know the CIA FBI don't do a very good job at communicating
The problem we've got with this both and the
Misawi facts which were revealed on the 15th of august all it had to do is be put on
All it had to do is go out on intel length in the games over
Uh, it ends at this this conspiracy would have been rolled up
And so I
Let me show with all your respect. I I don't agree that we know that we had somehow a silver bullet here that was gonna work
What we do know is that we did have a systemic problem a structural problem between the FBI and the CIA
A long time in coming to and to uh being
It was there because there were legal impediments as well as bureaucratic impediments those needed to be overcome
Obviously the structure of the FBI that did not get information from the field offices up to FBI central in a way that FBI
Central could react to the whole range of information before it was a problem
But the structure of the FBI the restructuring of the act on you got to write that's gone
In the 233 days in which we're gonna rise everybody who does national security in this town knows the FBI in the CIA
Don't talk so if you have a meeting on the 5th of july where you're trying to make certain
That your domestic agencies are preparing a defense against a possible attack you knew al-Qaeda cells were in the United States
Uh, you've got to follow up and my question is what what was your follow-up?
What's the paper trail that shows that you and andy card followed up from this meeting I
I thought I thought I thought I thought I was the CIA and we're followed up with with
Dick Clark who had in his group and with him
The chief counterterrorism person for the FBI you have to remember that Louis free was by this time gone
And so the chief counterterrorism person was the second
Uh, really free at left in in light June and so the chief counterterrorism person
Uh for the FBI was working these issues was working with Dick Clark
I talked to Dick Clark about this all the time, but let's be very clear
The threat information that we were dealing with and you can you have something that says something very big may happen
You have no time you have no place you have no how
the
ability to
Somehow respond to that threat is just not there now
Dr. Clark Dr. Clark and in the spirit of further declaration
I look like big Clark
Dr. Rice excuse me
In the spirit of this actually won't be a question. I just mean the spirit of further declassification
This is what the August 6th memo said to the president
That the FBI indicates
Patterns of the spacious activity in the United States consistence with preparations for hijacking
That's what that's the language of the memo that was briefed the president's on the 6th of August and that was checked out
And steps were taken through FAA circulars to warn of hijackings
But when you cannot tell people where a hijacking might occur
Under what circumstances I can tell you that I think the best antidote to what happened in that regard would have been many years before
To think about what you do
10 past 11 at 560 WDQ and while I was pretty interesting Dr. Clark I mean Dr. Rice and the Bob Kiri. I mean John Kiri Bob Kiri
And I'm embarrassing I can't believe he was calling her that and then I can't believe nobody correct
There he got it he got it he's stuck a doctor rice in the middle of it once and then till she finally embarrassed and humiliated him there
Well, anyway, if that's Bob Kiri's getting a little uh
The longer the tooth kind of like Moe you know what I mean?
Yeah, little longer the tooth
You ain't no Johnny most Moe I'll say to that and of course he can sit there and talk to punks like you and Gully and people who
Yeah, I'm not old enough to remember a Johnny most of the great broadcasters of that era
So you know what do they know and there's Gully well
I'm writing a couple of times that television
Yeah, like that you know, what does he know
Punk you're just a punk Gully. Okay, let's face it. You wouldn't know a great broadcaster if they beat you on the ass
Uh, it's always fun when and of course you have no way of knowing this because you the last thing you would ever do and with all the you're working
Three shows now are two shows yep
Two shows excuse me. You're certainly not working at morning shows absolutely really one
So then anyway the working two shows this week part of the week you don't have time to be checking our bedtime stories on the
Aronjers.com
So the fact that this story two reporters told to erase Scalia tapes it's on there
Okay, but whoever sent it I appreciate it just to make sure in case we missed it
Two reporters were ordered yesterday to erase their tape recordings of a speech by US Supreme Court
Justice Anthony Scalia to Mississippi high school
Scalia has long bar TV cameras from his speeches but doesn't always forbid newspaper photographers and tape recorders
Yesterday he didn't warn the audience at the high school that recording devices would be forbidden verboten
During the speech a woman identifying herself as a deputy federal marshal demanded that a reporter for the associated press
Eraser tape recording of the justice's comments. He said the justice and asked that his appearance not be recorded
It's a verboten the reporter initially resisted but later showed that up
You how to erase the digital recording after the officer took the device from her hands just like a scene out of the godfather
Remember that? Yeah, and suddenly took the camera out of the photographer's hands. Yeah, and smacked it to the ground
They're able to just do that just to grab it out of his hand after the officer grabbed the device from her hands
The exchange occurred in the front row of the auditorium where Scalia delivered a speech about the constitution of all things
The deputy who identified herself as Melanie Rubbe also made a reporter for the Hattiesburg American erase her tape
This incredible or what I can't believe uh
Yeah, that's a total violation of number one first amendment Supreme Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg said it's up to Scalia the staff to said
Guidelines for coverage of his events. It's standard that his speeches are not televised
She said last year Scalia was criticized for refusing to allow TV and radio coverage event in Ohio in which he in which he received an award for supporting free speech
Ha ha ha ha. All right
What a fascist bastard. He is man accident Scalia him and the him and Dick Cheney and John ascrop man Hitler would be proud of them
I guarantee you that right now
They make Hitler look like a piker
Mussolini would be you know that's fun. Did you ever see the uh the on a history channel rain those channels the old films of Mussolini?
Yeah, he always had that
That goofy look at his face and he would put his hands in the corners of my life like a crazy person kind of like
Just like that
Like that the look that Greg has when he's walking up and down the hall when he goes
Like that like a crazy person
Well, that's uh at any rate
1113 at 560 QA man
I'm momentous day in his to America meantimeers total chaos in Iraq, but isn't the great that Kandy and all this crap is covering it up
This was video 5cd QA man
Martha Stewart and Tony soprano form America's newest criminal partnership thus stew
Pranos I like you, Marley. You know you're okay the something sexy a little barbrot those got the feds after
Why thank you Tony now go whack a few hostile witnesses while I cook up an alibi and my flaky peach cobbler
What would that just say before about dead witnesses there a good thing
Haha
And an organized crime ring meets a sterling silver napkin ring it can only be the stew
Prano's
Just woke up that the law is his end wonderful. I hope you wrapped it in my homemade cherry cloth horse head cozy the stoop
Prano's it's the show everyone is talking about hey
I don't like it what people pull that's what I think about a right
Cabbage and remember a sprig of mint in the trunk makes that last ride more pleasant and
Refreshing be sure to catch the stoop Pranos before they go into the witness
Re-decoration program 1118 kind of a bizarre show here today. I would say wouldn't you agree?
Well the condolences I like it. I beg your partner a combination of all kind and I love
Uh, the answer that kind of leads to given the most of the questions today. She always says the same thing
I'm gonna do it that yeah
Dr. King. I mean Dr. Clark. I mean Dr. Rice. I love that part. That was my favorite one that incredible Bob Carrey former Nebraska Senator Bob Carrey
Call her Dr. Clark. He called her Dr. Clark. Amen. And then when he said that I'm the carry that I'd be running for president
I thought that was a little bit over the top didn't you?
Yeah, he says I'm the Vietnam veteran the highly decorated Vietnam vet that I'd be running for president
Not that goofball monster looking guy from Massachusetts. I thought hey Bob just come down a little bit
Senator John or Bob whatever your name is
Here's today's poll we're finally getting around with Eric's probably having a nervous breakdown
Just calm down Eric. Okay. Have a little baloney and peanut butter sandwich and just to relax
Water and and what inspired me for this is on that documentary
I talked about about Cklw and Windsu to Troy last night. They showed the riots in 67 and they showed some footage of the smoke
Uh, burning over the city. It was really a great documentary
Especially if you ever lived in Detroit back in the day when it was like a great place before they had decided to burn the city down
So the poll question today what American city that you used to love has turned into a toilet
Now I got two choices on their Detroit obviously that was my vote and Miami because a lot of people inside photo been there long enough
Think oh, this used to be a great place, but now for a variety of reasons
It's a turl it right?
Yep, when you think that there are a lot of people who feel that way of course
Especially they've been living down here all their lives now anything you want to add on this list until we take some from the audience
Oh my vote's gonna be Miami. I see gosh
Well, Josh's never been anywhere
Have you ever been anywhere sure like?
Uh california calorado and yours those are those aren't uh cities those are states last time I checked okay?
Can we never without you tell you where I've been and so yeah well I've been to california too, but not necessarily or you've been okay
Although I did see some writing on the wall which looked like yours at any rate
Uh any city in particular while you wouldn't qualify you're just a punk you wouldn't remember far back enough
You have to be I would say over the age of about 30 man. Yeah to be able to vote on it. You're close to it. I don't know how old you zack
28 24 24 24 that's it see fat people look older than they really are
That's not a really good idea to be fat first you're gonna die
But you'll never make it to 30 if you stay that fat and you look older
I mean you could pass if you said I was 31. That's oh okay
Tell you agreed Josh could he be 31? Yeah
Yeah, see not see his laughing at you. I'm at least not laughing at you because I'm a fat slot too
Although I look younger than I am saying I'm saying that myself
I like to try to convince me that it's true. I'm at an looks 61. No
If I said you I'm 55 you'd say yeah sure
I wouldn't be laughing like Josh is doing it hit
Yeah, right right old man like that. Yeah, that's what you do
So that's our poll question. Let's add some on there and then we'll get to some heavy do oh kind of leases
Yappen again other structural problem. Oh, and now the structural problem is we got a show to do here honey
And you're just battling she'll be done in nine minutes anyway
I think though it was really there you could almost see the spittle coming out of the teeth from both sides from between herb gap tooth
There and then of course Bob Kerry and before a couple of the other people it was really something especially Richard Veneviste
It was very calm and very he's he's like at that look of authority, you know what I mean? Oh, yeah
He's a real like a scholarly looking guy like you're not gonna mess around the Anna
I'm not gonna be some slotted. It's gonna call you Dr. Clark during oh yeah
At least at least I'll get your name right. I can't believe it. That was bad. WQM Dr. Clark line. Hello
Not there that line one has got some real problems Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. I got one new one for you. How about Wilmington Delaware? Okay.
Last month is moving back
Now don't start picking out as far as you as okay, but of course there wasn't a lot of dark folks moving a lot of other people move out
Which and it's kind of like a chicken and the egg question right sure the city turned to crap
Just because those people moved in right after everybody else bailed out to turn to crap. That's what happened in Detroit
Wilmington Delaware
Here's another one for you. Okay, you put these on there Josh. Yeah
Rochester, New York my hometown
Born in strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester, New York right across the lake from where I'm sitting right now
In fact, I could throw a brick
From where I'm sitting right now
See and hit that spot right in the hospital
And anyway, that used to be a very nice city not great, but it was okay
But now it's like well, I don't want to quote this last guy, but changing neighborhoods
You know what I'm saying? I got you
So it's effort like Brighton in that 12 corners area there like you know Monroe Avenue and Witten the road 12 corners
Well, that's right neither you've ever been in Rochester. No, never smelled the lilacs
I have not never been to Red Wing Stadium now called silver stadium never been there to watch a Red Wing game with those nice white hats come on
Let's get with it
12 quarters Don and Bob's Brighton Elementary right in high school now. We're talking about my life, baby
Rochester, New York, it's a toilet
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T line WQA and hello
2 a.m. Hey, Neil. How's it going pretty good? Okay, Patterson, New Jersey. They used to produce still but now they just produce crime
Okay, that's with one T
And thank you so much. That's what one T is opposed to like Sony Patterson
You know John Patterson the great harness racing driver don't you? Sure
Anyway, Patterson, New Jersey. That's with one T you got it Josh got it
5 6 7 0 5 60
In fact, if you don't get it, we're gonna start playing simpodes again for you like we did not but yesterday simpodes
My favorite
Okay, so we got Detroit Miami Wilmington Delaware Rochester, New York
There's a lot of cities. They usually be pretty nice to know. Oh man. They're like nasty
toilet
WQA and hello
Hey, how you doing pretty good? That's good. I got one for your poll in Lanark City. Oh man. Good point
Now when was that ever a nice place though? Was it really? Well, I'm an old part like you when I was a kid it was a nice place
But it's a long time adopt why but you know gambling was supposed to be in a great saving grace
But uh didn't it was for the owners except for Trump. I guess everybody else would make him money there
Yeah, exactly. It's a toilet. You're right. Thanks a lot, Palley. All right. I'll see you in tenify
Oh
Never been in tenify, New Jersey
Uh, no, I have not. Where's the angle would?
Inglewood, California. How about Middellands, New Jersey? Now actually Middellands PA is where the Middell is is
What what's the name of the city where the Middellands is?
Um, is that uh east not east rutherford?
No, it is as a matter of fact very good. Yeah. See you fell into a bucket of crap there. Yeah, Zach
I just go wash yourself off. I'll be right back
Yeah, rutherford east rutherford, New Jersey is where the Middellands complex is the racetrack the stadium
I'm actually that mohauer davidates broadcast a few games in east rutherford, New Jersey
When you think of that stadium all of the don't the Giants still play in the Yankee stadium
I thought they played that stadium now. Where do they? Are Giants play they play in east rutherford, right? Yeah, Giants stadium the Jets play in um
Shae stadium. No, they play in Giants stadium also
The Jets the Jets and the Giants but didn't they used to play in the word of the Jets used to play? Yeah, you chased him like I just said
So get the stadium though and put nitpicking dr. Clark
God
It's one thing to be a nose picker and I had an article on the other day, which I hope you missed that article was really disgusting about how
Uh the new study says that it's healthy to pick your nose and eat it. I was grow
But it was for a real it was it was true. Are you kidding me? It was from ananova or a British newspaper
Wasn't one of those funny funky. It was a real news story. It said it's healthy for it's good for it
Picking your nose when somebody says pick a winner. I guess we can still say that or pick a winner as in your good-fretty friend and buddy as stew gods
Huh so now that the beast is out of town in Boston for a couple days you can tell us is he and the clearance really booking guest for stew
Gods on the competition on Fox Sports Radio, which it seems to me would be a
Fireable offense
26 past 11 at 560 q a m
And the place is dr. Clark
Could have been done. I will tell you if we had known
That an attack was coming against the United States and attack was coming against the York and Washington
We would have moved heaven and earth stop it
But you heard the character of the threat reporting we were getting
Something very very big is going to happen
How do you act on something very very big is going to happen beyond
Uh trying to put uh people on alert most of the threat reporting was abroad
Uh, I took an oath. I said to protect and uh I take it very seriously
I know that those who attacked us that day and attacked us by the way because of who we are no other reason but for who we are
That they are the responsible parties
For the war that they launched against us, but but dr. Rice that they made and that you have that our
Responsibility that our responsibility is several times that your responsibility being in office for 230 days was to defend and protect the United States
You had an opportunity I think with um
Mr. Clark who had served a number of presidents going back to the Reagan administration
Uh, who you decided to keep on you know office
Uh, who was
A pile driver
A bulldozer speak
For what he said person who you in the woodward interview
He's the very first name out of your mouth
When you suspect the terrorists of attack us on September 11th you say I think
Immediately it was a terrorist attack
Get dick Clark the terrorist guy
Even before you mentioned tenant and rumsfeld's names get dick Clark
Why don't you get dick Clark
To brief the president before 9-11 here is one of the consument experts
That never has the opportunity to brief the president of the United States
Absolutely
On one of the most lethal dynamic and agile threats
To the United States of America
Why don't you use this as a why doesn't the president ask to meet with dick Clark?
Well the president was meeting with his director of central intelligence
and
Dick Clark is a very very fine counterterrorism expert and that's why I kept him on and what I wanted to Clark to do was to manage the pricey scores
And help us develop a new strategy and I can guarantee you when we have that new strategy in place
Uh, the president who was asking for it and
Wondering what was happening to it was going to be in a position to engage it fully
The fact is that what dick Clark is recommended to us
As he has said you would not prevent it 9-11
I actually would I would say that not only would have not prevent it 9-11
But if we had done everything on that list
We would have actually been off in the wrong direction
About the importance that we needed to attach to a new policy for Afghanistan and a new policy for Pakistan
Because even though
Uh dick is a very fine counterterrorism expert he was not a specialist on Afghanistan
That's why I brought somebody in who really understood Afghanistan
He was not a specialist on Pakistan that's why I brought somebody in to deal with Pakistan
He had some very good ideas we acted on them
Dick Clark let me just step back for a second
We had a very very good relationship with the president
All that he needed all that he needed to do was to say
I need time to brief the president on something
I think he did say that
Dr. Rice and a private interview to us he said he asked to brief the president
I have to say I have to say Mr. Romaji my
Recollection he never asked me to brief the president on counterterrorism
He did brief the president later on cyber security in in July
But he to my recollection never asked and my senior directors
Have an open door to come and say I think the president needs to do this
I think the president needs to do that he needs to make this phone call he needs to hear this briefing
It's not not hard to get done, but I just think that you just said that the
The intelligence coming in
Indicated a big big big threat something was going to happen very soon and be
potentially catastrophic
I don't understand given the big threat why the big
Principles still get together the principles meet 33 times in seven months on a rock
On the least on missile defense
China on Russia
Not once the principles ever sit down you in your job inspections and natural stereotypes the secretary of state
Secretary of defense the president of the United States and meet solely on terrorism to discuss
In the spring and the summer when these threats are coming in when you've known since the transition that al-Qaeda cells are in the United
States
When as the PDB said on august 6
Been rotten determined to attack the United States
Why don't the principles at that point say
Let's all talk about this. Let's get the biggest people together in our government and discuss what this threat is
And try to get our bureaucracy responding to once again on the august 6th memorandum to the president
This was not
threat reporting about what was about to happen
This is an analytic piece it stood back and answered questions from the president
But as to the principles meetings it's it has six or seven things in a doctor rice including the the RISOM
Case when he attacked the United States in the millennia. Yes, they sir has the FBI saying that they think
That they're conditions
No, it does not have the FBI saying that they think that there are things it says has the FBI
saying that they observe some suspicious activity that was checked out with that that is equal to what might be
With witnesses for an attestor rumour this rumour would you say after right so we should make that PDB a public document so we can have this
Just rumour threat reporting threat reporting is
We believe that something is going to happen here
On at this time under these circumstances. This was not threat reporting
Well
I'll lie to you. The intelligence doctor RISIS when you have the place time and date
The threat reporting saying the United States is going to be attacked should trigger the principles getting together to say we're going to decide
Miss from our letter very clear
The PDB does not say the United States is going to be attacked
It says been lot and would like to attack the United States. I don't think you frankly had to
To have that report to know that been lot would like to attack the United States
So why are we the threat reporting earlier than August 6th the threat reporting
The threat reporting to which we could respond
Was in June and July about threats abroad what we tried to do for
Just because people said you cannot rule out an attack on the United States
Was to have the domestic agencies and the FBI together to
To just pulse them and let them be on alert
I agree with that there was going to be a threat
I agree with that so Dr. RISIS let's say then the FBI is the key here
You say that the FBI was tasked with trying to find out what the domestic threat was
We have done thousands of interviews here at the 9-11 Commission
We have gone through literally millions pieces of paper
To date we have found nobody
Nobody the FBI who knows anything about a task in field offices
We have talked to the director at the time of the FBI during this threat period
Mr. Picard he says he did not tell the field offices to do this
And we have talked to the special agents in charge they don't have any recollection of receiving a notice of threat
Nothing went down the chain to the FBI field offices on
Spiking of information a knowledge about fighting the country and still the FBI doesn't do anything
Isn't that some of the responsibility of the National Security visor the responsibility for the FBI to do what it was asked was the FBI's responsibility
Now I think there's any responsibility back to the
responsibility again the crisis management here was done by the CSG
They tasked these things if there was any reason to believe that I needed to do something more than Andy Carte needed to do something
I would have been expected to be asked to do it. We were not asked to do it in fact
But don't you don't you ask somebody to do it? You're not asking somebody. Why wouldn't you initiate that?
Mr. Romer I was responding to the threat spike
And to where the information was the information was about what was happened in the Persian Gulf
What might happen in Israel what might happen in North Africa?
We responded to that and we responded vigorously now the
structure of the FBI you will get into next week
You've been helpful to us on that I'm going to have to select the last question, Congress. Last question Dr. Rice
talking about responses
Mr. Park writes you a memo on September the 4th where he lays out his frustration that the
Military is not doing enough
That the CIA is not pushing this hard enough in their agency and he says
We should not wait till the day
That hundreds of Americans lay dead in the streets due to a terrorist attack and we think there could have been something more
We could do seven days prior
The September 11th he writes this to you
What's your reaction to that at the time and what's your response to that at the time?
Just one final point I didn't quite complete. I of course did understand that the attorney general
Needed to know what was going on and I asked that he take the briefing and then ask that he be briefed because
Again, there was nothing
Demonstrating or showing that something was coming in the United States that there had been something we would if we should make this document public doctor
Rice would you support making the August 6th
The August 6th the August 6th PDV has been available to you
You are you're describing it
You're describing it and the August 6th PDV was a response to questions asked by the president not a warning document
Why wouldn't you made public now as to I think you know
The sensitivity of presidential decision
Memoranda and I think you know the great lengths to which we have gone
To make it possible for this commission to view
Documents that are not generally are not I don't know if they've ever been made available in quite this way now as to
What did Cawks said on September 4th?
That was not a
Prominentian nor a warning what that what that memorandum was as I was getting ready to go into the September 4th
Principles meeting to review the new in SPD and to approve the new in SPD
What it was was a warning to me that the bureaucracies would try to undermine it
Dick goes into great an emotional detail about the long history of how D.O.D. has never been responsive
How this DIA has never been responsive about how
Predator has gotten hung out because the CIA doesn't really want to fly it and he says if you don't
Fight through this bureaucracy. He says at one point
They're going to all sign on to this in SPD because they won't want to be
A source we won't want to say that they don't want to eliminate the threat of al-Qaeda
He says but you really have in effect you have to go in there and push them because we'll all wonder
About the day when thousands of Americans and so forth and so on
So that's what this document is. It's not a warning document. It's not a
But all of us have this fear
I think that the chairman mentioned that I'd said this in an interview that we would hope not to get to that day
But it would not be appropriate or correct to characterize what Dick wrote to me on September 4th as a warning of an impending attack
What he was doing was I think trying to buck me up so that when I went into this Principles meeting
I was sufficiently on guard against the kind of bureaucratic inertia that he had thought all what is a warning if August 6th says in September 4th
Well August 6th is most certainly
A and historical document that says here's how you might think about al-Qaeda a warning is
When you have something that suggests that an attack is impending and we did not have on the United States
Uh, threat information that was in any way specific enough to
To suggest that something was coming in the United States
Uh, the September 4th memo as I said to you was a warning to me not to get dragged down by the bureaucracy not a warning about
September 11th. Thank you, Dr. Riteshagel
By the way, little suggestion for Josh there when you put these names on the pool today
Yeah, probably be a good idea like Rochester since there's a Rochester in almost every state like Rochester and why you know as in New York
Oh, I figured the first two didn't have that so yeah
No, Patterson well, no because probably Miami most of us have a pretty good idea
We're not talking about Miami Ohio what or Atlantic City. We're not talking about Atlantic City, uh, Newfoundland
Or Detroit. We're not you see what I'm saying. I got you but like Patterson knew Jersey would probably be a good idea because we're not talking about sunny Patterson or Floyd Patterson and Rochester near now
Wilmington Delaware. I think there's only one woman to that anybody you see what I'm saying
I'm just a suggestion. I don't want to start getting pushy, but just a suggestion
Here sports video 560s you a
Kids
They're on the
For telephone on the run, telephone on the run
We'll put all the set-fall until their deserts were begun to crumble down
In the town to search and fall in history where those thoughts will be made as well
We'll have a ban on the run, call a ban on the run
They're on the land for the good sun, searching in every one
For telephone on the run, telephone on the run
telephone on the run
telephone on the run
Cominets still doing it at 560, we've carried as much of kind of leases we're going to
because Jim Thompson who's the former Illinois governor, Republican, he's going to be
licky, licky, licky, in fact, she's embarrassed right now I think
And they were responding to...
Okay good, and anyway, he's just going to toss her a couple of marshmallows
No, roast them, have a little lunch
Did I hear something in the middle of that pit that like...
Like that?
Yeah
Wow, and I wonder where did that come from?
Did... Muff come in there, or she like try to play...
That was good, it was excellent timing, but I just wondered where that came from
Because I know I shouldn't play it, I played that, that was me
Well that was Josh's drop in stuff, and I thought maybe Zach was doing it
Which... Allosak is fat and lazy, so he's probably too lazy to reach over and do that
He is doing a good job of faxing me stuff though, I just go on Zach
No problem
Who's probably wondering what am I doing here today? Now are you eating today to Jeff Cohen, bring you a matzapizza?
No, matzapizza, that's not what I'm talking about
Masakrista?
We didn't get it
Nothing
Nothing, that's really sad
Probably the rimmer's ate up all of the profits we can't afford to be doing that
Time's a tough one over there for Jeff, so go to the pizza lot and buy a whole bunch of stuff
Because he's really on Death's Door
Key West somebody says for our pool, let's get back to the show and to the pool now
I'm kind of lazy to death aren't you?
Sort of
I mean it was kind of like a melodramatic, and I think if I was to sum up a performance day with one word
Week
Yes, would be the answer
Week
Lane
Half-assed
The week I think covers it all
What American city that you used to love has turned into a toilet?
Well let's see, so far Miami, and I see to be a smart ass, Josh, with Miami Florida on there
Okay, it could be Miami Ohio
Just wants to be precise, you know
Miami has 47 Atlantic City, New Jersey 11
Oh he's got all the states on there, not to show what a smart ass he is Detroit, Michigan 7
Patterson, New Jersey 3
Rochester, New York 2
Wilmington, Delaware don't have any out of the first 70
I mean I've said Key West it says not just because of the facts but because of the touristy commercialization
Used to be like great but now it's such a tourist trap, says the sky
Here's Jay from Homestead who now lives in Fort Worth, Texas, Faxson says
Being a long time Florida and I can recall when Miami was a nice place to live in the 6th, 1969 to 80s
And that's pushing it
When Kendall was still farmland and nothing was out there but Don Carter's
I remember Don Carter's that still there, bowling alley?
Oh possibly, I haven't been out there in a while
Hello
I beg your pardon?
I haven't been out down there in a while
You know people say that I'm the one that's out of touch because I've been Toronto a good part of the year
And you tell me you haven't been out in Kendall?
What is wrong with you?
I'm a Broward Coward
Kendall, this is far out of the way
Don't you think I'm in Kendall all the time when I'm there?
I used to live in Kendall, I wouldn't go there if you paid me again
Not the traffic's too bad, it's a brutal
Exactly
Anyways, as I lived in Homestead most of my life with my family, considered myself one of the Latest truth Floridians that left almost a year after the Hurricane Andrew
That's when I noticed that things went from bad to worse, now my family and I live in North Fort Worth and I are a nice quiet suburb
Whatever happened other times in Miami when you could walk into a store and have the grocer count your change back in English
Can you believe that?
Before the days of Kai Ocho and during the quiet times of South Beach, where you could find a nice botchy ball court to play a few games
Anyways, since leaving shortly after Andrew after my house was looted and there was nothing left for me to stay for, I came back around two years ago
Cutler Ridge is a slighted me and came back to stay just to visit
Never, always a bad idea like one time I tried to go back to Detroit, I was on vacation and I thought I'll spend a few days in Detroit
You know, go back to all my favorite restaurants, look up some of my old friends
Oh God, that move
Guess how long I was there?
How long?
One night
No seriously, I got in the car in the morning, I drove to the airport and I got there a lot
I wouldn't go back to Detroit if they paid me by the second
It says, Cutler Ridge is a slum now and there's still houses and communities that haven't recovered meaning from the hurricane
Luckily, I sold my concrete slab and got out while I still had my life
A year after the hurricane, I think they were broadcasting that Miami was number one for homicide
Absolutely
Love you on the internet now, Jay from Homestead now a Texas transplant
Also, somebody suggests, the chronic and cocoa suggests a couple here, East St. Louis, Illinois
Do we really want to put that on there?
East St. Louis, yeah, it's across the river from St. Louis, from St. Louis
Now he's got another one, so let's put Camden, New Jersey
Okay, which I find it hard to believe that Camden ever was an ice place, but I'll take this guy's word for it
Camden is Jersey, man, wow
Woo, you talk about a toilet, is there any nice place in New Jersey if there is, I never even seen it
Well, once upon a time back in the day, Cherry Hill was really nice
It's been a cherry-hull New Jersey crossing, Philly
Yeah, what happened?
Toilet
And they're tearing down Garden State Park, they closed it down, they're tearing it down
Another changing neighborhood situation
I still do like that Ponziosis, that great restaurant I always forget the name of Ponziosis
It's not a great restaurant, but it's like a big denny's with good food, you know what I mean?
I'm starving, it sounds good
Anyway, go to Cherry Hill, you like it a lot
Thanks to Jean Hall and Wilton Manor, this letter they edited in a Sunday
And thanks for a month, she brought this in for me today, monthed it
Don't limit free speech, it's got a cartoon here, kinda cute, it's how it's stirring with a gag around his mouth
And he's thinking, thank you Janet Jackson, and I echo that sentiment
Anyway, Jean writes, thank you to Tom Jicker for bringing to life the efforts of the
www.fcc.com online petitioner I'd like to preserve our first amendment rights
I find it interesting that any time an article is in favor of free speech, a letter writer such as the person who wrote
We don't need the FCC to define decency March 24, exercises his freedom of speech by condemning the speech of others with whom he doesn't agree
The letter writer uses the word filth no less than seven times in his diatribe, if Nearogers Nowward Stern, yet in no way defines what this filth is
Exactly what the FCC is doing by imposing fines upon broadcasters for their definition of indecency
I for one did not like my freedom of choice being taken away by five unlected officials in Washington
If one doesn't care for a particular program, change the station and find something more suited to your tastes
I don't care for Rush Limbaugh's program, but guess what? I don't listen
I would never insist he be removed from the air or tone down because I don't like him
But that's exactly what's happening to other broadcasters or because he's a drug dealer, a user, pill-popper
If you're opposed to censorship of this kind, write the FCC, your congressman signed the online petition, get the word out
It may not help, but it certainly can't hurt
Nice going to Jean Hollow, Welton Manor's excellent letter, and I commend you a heartily, okay? That's Jean-J-E-A-L
And that's the impressive?
Very
So somebody out there likes me, it's a couple, we had a couple other letters, not a tremendous response
At least they didn't print many letters in the Suncendle because you know them
They're owned by the Chicago Tribune in the Suncendle, so beware of them
And of course the hero, well, you know, the less said about them the better, speaks for itself
The daily outrage by Matt Pivens on the nation today is pretty good, very short
He says the White House fought for a year to prevent a very idea of a commission to investigate the 9-11 terror attacks
Even after he was forced about a public pressure, George W. Bush has tried to hand-string it from trying to put it under the leadership of Captain Truth himself
Henry Kissinger, the setting on reasonable deadlines for it to close down
So as Condoleezza writes, Dick Cheney and the President each had their days of testimony before the nation
Remember this, when Republicans were after Bill Clinton they saw fit to allocate $70 million to look at this one man's business dealings and sexual escopades
The 9-11 commission by contrast has had to beg and scrape for the administration together a budget of $15 million
$70 million for Monica and the Blue Dress and $15 million for investigating how come we had 9-11 and 3,000 people got killed
And don't you remember a few months ago that we're telling us that Al Qaeda was, we've topped off the head of the organization and they're very weakened and effective
And now they're bigger and stronger than ever before is what we're here in these days
And even she had to admit, well, there's still, we still got a problem
How do you like that?
Now you don't think it would have spent that $100 million that we spent to invade Iraq and to piss off all the Arabs all over the world
And to sacrifice the lives of 650 American kids and to kill all these thousands and thousands of innocent Iraqis who didn't want emancipation by decapitation
You don't think it would have spent that $100 million that maybe, just maybe, Al Qaeda might be out of business right now, pretty close to it
And you don't think that maybe if we'd have pressured our good friends the Saudis to really help us find the money trail
For all of that cash that keeps Al Qaeda going, pressure them to do it, you don't think maybe we might be out ahead of the game, do you?
No
Just thinking out loud
Look at that poor Miami man, poor Miami, no wonder leave on Hernandez, don't say no more
I love you Miami, he used to say that
That was a great line
I love you Miami and then Wayne comes down right after that
Hey, I'm in this for the money, I'm not in that for the fans
You're right
Right afterward man, I mean they weren't, the champagne was still wet on their foreheads and Wayne is saying
I want a new stadium otherwise you can stick up all that other crap
And by the way you're all traded
Right and we're doing, and even Kevin Brown came back and he said
Well, a bunch of us players would like to renegotiate because we love this place so much we want to, you know, head since a great experience
And we'd like to stay here and Wayne said bye bye and then of course the same with a Panther deal
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down
Again
If Braward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility
I will not play here
Uh-huh
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying
Here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else
Lier I think is the word he's looking for, you're a liar Wayne
I'm going to tell you that right now to your ugly posts, okay?
Owned with the dolphins, you're a liar
And Jay Fielder is still on that team
My name is Emily
And look, this is Sports Radio 560
And we win
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
Braw
Don't like all the Harper
Don't don't every time I see
Don't don't don't
That thing hard if you win
Don't don't don't don't
Not TV
He's President of the world
Republican Muscleman
And an articulate idiot
I don't know why they won't want to jump
But now he's easier for his friends to look for you
Oh, what's wrong with President of the s**t?
Oh my god
I'm this drunk and rich kid
Don't know what the dumb is even
Don't know they mean
He's President of the s**t
You don't care what it's all
You got a man by hook or a cross
The grist is wrong
I know what's best of you and I
But have no fear
We got a great leader here
With President of the s**t
Really?
S**t
Club 02550 WQM
The man dog and two from the
Masters in Augusta where they got all those white guys up there playing golf
Antigra 2
Tigra 2
The Humper from the Mime Heat
The Arena and I
Everybody's jumping on that bandwagon
They're hopping on board
I ain't got either 4 to 630
I'm being important
No, he's in the seminals today
No heat tonight
I'm reading Wednesdays this kid
Oh, that's right, it's Thursday
Oh, man
That makes me feel so much better now
Now if you're telling me a ball game at 1215
It'll make me even feel better but we don't
Humper at the seminals, I'm so sorry
He's ax on top of it
I'm right there
And the only reason for that is because nobody brought any food yet
No, no, no, no
Damn it
Marlins on decades is 30 nights
I ain't got a tough 2 1 1 half hour assignment
And then we got at 7.05
But the Marlins in the s**t
The PP Park
Any K follows the baseball game
And we sign off overnight till Moe comes back for more punishment
For the audience
My name is taking a real beating on this pool
So I'm so sorry I took this
What American city that you used to love has become a toilet
Miami 84
Atlanta City at 16
Detroit 12, it doesn't
Oh, man
Key West 9
Patterson, New Jersey 3
Rochester 3
Cannon 3, New Jersey
And Wilmington Delaware
Don't have any yet
Oh!
See, there's another one
I guess the guy will get around the voting eventually
Got it, we're talking about the Schwarzer's
Maybe that's the only reason we need to call it in just to say Schwarzer
He liked the way that sounded
Line 9 WQM, hello
Yeah, I think we're the cities that definitely turn into a toilet
Is Indianapolis
Indianapolis, home of Bob and Tom
Yeah, I mean it's really becoming a sewer that we once upon a time
There were no homeless people there
No problems or anything
And it's really become a toilet
Toilet
That word covers it
Thanks a lot, Pally
And nail like an outdoor... Oh, jeez, what do you say?
Yes?
Nail?
Yeah
What did I ever?
Dude, who...
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Oh, no!
Oh, but he didn't say what the same enthusiasm
What I ever do to you, he didn't say it to me
Well, he stuck an Indy, no wonder he's upset
See, that explains it all
Too bad George couldn't be here to say that
To I hear that, to do it
Indianapolis, Indy, any you got that?
Got it!
Now, I don't think you need to put an Indy-Anna
But if you want to, it'll make you feel better
Go right ahead to do whatever you want
Yeah, that's one of those kind of deals
I'm real easy
5.6705.60.506.50 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
So many cities and so little time.
So many toilets, you know.
That's right.
And of course with this government we got now with all the crap that's going on.
It's a good thing we got toilets all over the country.
Which is a good thing we got all those fast food joints, you know.
When you're driving, which I don't really do all that much anymore.
But in the back of the day, you know, when you used to get in the car and drive like,
oh, you know, long trips.
And you're on the interstate and you see up ahead.
Here's another exit.
And wow, there's a McDonald's.
There's a Wendy's.
There's a not usually not usually Burger King now for whatever reason.
Taco Bell Taco Bell.
And there's restrooms.
That's the only reason.
I mean, I wouldn't stop there to get food necessarily.
If I wanted something really good at stuff at Stukies and get some peanut brittle from 1937.
Just make your teeth.
You take the first bite and your teeth is all crumbly, you know.
It's just a beautiful thing.
You never even ate at Stukies, I bet.
No, I have not.
So you've got so much more, man, waiting for you out there.
You better, you're so sheltered.
It's really sad.
Zach, now Josh, for example, he's been in California in Colorado.
Where else?
Vegas, New Jersey.
Oh, now wait a minute.
When did you go to Vegas?
Didn't you just go or you go?
No, no, I went last year.
I'm going to get in May for the birthday in May.
How do you like that?
Zach, you just got back Vegas.
Josh is going to Vegas.
Zach just got back from Vegas.
I'm never going back to Vegas.
I really, I don't think I'm ever going back.
I mean, I love it.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
I'll tell you where else I love Hawaii.
I love Honolulu when I could keep, man, I love.
There is nothing like Hawaii.
But there's six times I will never go back for many reasons.
First of all, it's just too damn far.
Yeah.
How long is that plane flight?
Six, well, for it's five hours to the west coast,
then you've got to take a connecting flight six more hours.
So it's 11 hours just flying time.
I can't do that.
I can't do that.
No, no way.
In addition to which if I want to fly that long,
I can go to Europe from Toronto in six and a half hours.
So I don't want to spend 11 hours going to Hawaii, which is
overcrowded, over commercialized, just jam packed.
I mean, the traffic is impossible.
Nice candle look like a picnic.
No, seriously, too crowded to one, but it's a great place.
And Vegas, I think I've left them enough
to build a couple of new casinos, so that should be enough.
I've done my part.
No, I love it, but it's, I don't know.
You just get burned out on stuff, which doesn't mean
you don't like it anymore.
See what I'm saying?
Of course.
It's just like Nestle's turtle ice cream.
I love it.
I have an eaten it in months.
I'm still a fat pig, but I haven't eaten it in months.
I'm just, I just get tired of it, right?
Of course.
Well, I'm tired of it.
I don't get tired of it.
I mean, we're a little bit burned out,
and then you got to take a little time away from it,
and then you go back.
And then it's so much better.
Yeah.
Line nine is bringing it again,
because we have two and a row.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, I got a perfect city for you.
Okay.
It was even made a movie out of.
Huh?
Let me hear you again.
Flint, that's right.
That's where Michael Moore would tell you.
That's right.
Excellent choice.
Okay.
Thanks, Pally.
Yeah, I've been to Flint, Michigan.
Have you ever been there?
No, I would not.
And Arbor.
Don't.
Oh, don't call it Ann Arbor.
That's, I want to go visit my buddy, University of Michigan.
What a bunch of wailing wolf arenas man and Ann Arbor.
The only good thing I ever came out of Ann Arbor
is Jim Mandage and Tom Brady.
I'll take you to that right now.
What are you laughing about?
No, you're right.
That's the freaking truth, man.
They don't even have the good weed.
Everybody talks about all the weed and Ann Arbor man.
And each land thing we got the good stuff.
Did you have a great day there, though?
It's called hash bash up there.
Yeah.
Like for an hour, the cops like turn their heads.
Like it's true.
Back in the day when we could say something on the show,
I have a fantastic line for that.
But I can't say it right now.
You can use your own imagination.
Miami is just running away from the pack.
Are you people knocking Miami?
We love you and Miami.
And it didn't sound too sincere.
No.
WQA and hello.
Not there on seven WQA and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
What's in the, they see Miami, obviously,
I grew up in Miami and this is totally well.
We apologize.
Yeah, well, I know it's not your fault.
I know.
But another thing, you miss the big opportunity day.
There's a song.
I think it's for a three-dog night.
We're having a line, liar, liar.
And you've been throwing that in every time
that Connellese opens or mouth.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, see, it's castaways.
And I did play it a few times.
But you missed it.
That's okay.
And I was, well, I'm working.
But the other thing is you just,
you know, miss that man, I'll tell you for this part.
Yeah, I know.
Oh, no, I'm up in Pomboa no, right now.
I'm sure.
I don't live there.
I can't afford to live there, but I'm working it.
But another thing, you just mentioned about driving the first
five-stroke cross-country, the interstate wasn't built.
So you went down the old 90 and 290 and 190, you know?
And everywhere you went, it was a different place.
And now you get on 10, you go from Jacksonville to Santa Monica.
And like you said, every exit has the same
as the Toronto's.
They got a chance to hunt the same track,
and they're going to be more than about every third exit
having a specific event.
Anyway, have a good day, but.
You too, Pallee.
Thanks a lot.
I'll even play, oh, I'll play a minute.
I'll play.
This is William Palleeza, Dr. Clark, liar, liar,
tank of song, fire.
You're not the kind of bitch that I would desire.
OK, I'm not really sure.
I thought that was like the original song, and it's a bubble bit.
Ah!
Ah!
See, that's some the original song by the cast of Ways.
Or was it the three dog night, maybe?
Now, the guys are a little confused.
He's had a rough life.
He spent his life in Miami, and he's pretty pissed off about it.
Time for a drink.
Ah!
Yeah, there you go.
What is that from?
That was the three dog night thing.
Where does that...
Oh, but that's not the name of that song.
That's a different song.
Yeah, that's just what it's like.
I don't know what the name of the song is.
We just have that one part in our computers.
You have it and where in the vault?
Oh, in the audio vault?
Yeah.
Oh, in other words, now that Zach is on it,
this week we actually get to use a few of those
since they steal most of our stuff all the time.
Of course.
Let's see, three dog night.
I'll look it up in the book.
I don't think I ever heard that song.
I know that shocking name of it.
Since I should be an expert on three dog night,
that's my territory being an old fart like I am.
Oh, it's called liar.
That's one liar by Russ Ballard.
1971.
Just a single liar is opposed to liar liar by the castaways.
OK, so like I said, you were right.
I'm wrong, Pally.
Lier is by three dog night and you were making fun of them, Zach.
Was I?
You said what a jerky thinks it was by three dog night.
Yeah, I'm not.
And at the time you probably knew was in the auto vault, too,
then yeah, I knew it.
See, he just laying back.
He just one of those guys he puts on the act like, you know,
very mellow laid back in them, but I'm big when you least
expect, oh, that was a raspberry, by the way.
Don't dump it now.
OK, panicky.
That was just a raspberry.
Did somebody step on a duck?
No.
It is so ridiculous, man.
It's so terrifying is what it ought to be.
People ought to be peeing in their pants with the terror.
That thing I read yesterday about John Ascroft and the assault
millions of dollars to assault the adult entertainment
industry into like get the cable TV and all those shows off
the air and even in the hotel hotel cable in house cables
translated movies off of there.
I mean, we're talking about crazy people and you people
in the mass media.
See, this is another reason I don't want to waste my time
with Erica and any of this other crap because they're not
going to let you tell the truth.
The truth is that religious fundamentalists are all over
the world.
Not just the al-Qaeda, not just the Taliban.
Not just these crazy maniacal Muslims with a schmata
heads, all the crazy religious like this woman in Texas that
the stoner kids that I think she's probably going to be walking
around on a few days.
That kid's bitch.
Then they make you sick.
I can't believe that.
That looks good.
I'm steamed about that.
As the Chinese say, Zan America, 112 votes for Miami.
Oh my God.
Can you believe that?
Oh my God.
Turn it about toilet.
They used to love it, but not no more Detroit 19 Atlantic
City in Key West 17 and everybody else single digits.
We don't have enough.
We'll have a bunch more names on there.
But man, poor Miami, we used to love you Miami.
Not no more.
In fact, that would be a good thing for more.
No.
We used to, but no.
No, no.
Absolutely.
So anyway, you ain't no Johnny most more.
I'll tell you that right now.
You can get on there and pontificate all you want and talk
in your centaurion tones to a bunch of little butt
liquors there in the morning.
But you ain't no Johnny most.
Anybody that really knows sports, which I do.
See, this is one reason he resents me among many others
is the fact that one of the reasons is I bring him out
of the closet with all the stuff he pulls.
You know what I'm saying?
He does all of his stuff behind the scenes.
I'm listening.
Good.
I'm sure he is.
Always behind the scenes.
You know, playing little games, getting this one fired,
bringing out his buddy down from New York, his friend's son
to work in.
What's his name?
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shie-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
Shil-
that can change your life. We've been telling you about fast train for a long time for a
coon's age. They can have you trained in certified for a great high-paying computer network
professional career by the end of the summer. That's right in just four short months. You can
be fully trained and ready for that great new career in the big fat paycheck that goes along
with it. Fast train offers day-evening weekend classes. If it around your schedule too, they
offer job placement assistance, financial aid, people who qualify and because there are seven
convenient Florida fast train locations, there's about to be one close by you. So if you've been
sitting around thinking about it and you're sick and tired of working for peanuts, check them
on the web if you like. First, at fast train.com, get some more information and then make that call
and in just four short months, you can be well on your way to a great new high-paying career.
Have some cash. You can go to Vegas and punch your guts out. Call them today, toll-free, one,
866 fast train. That's one 866 fast train.
My, and local, this is 420560.
Get it on.
John Aaron, the taxi driver, driver, central park. You look that mean. So quesitory.
I could tell he was in the dark. So I acted out my puncture in with my arms, the trees I made.
There's no bug. He speaks English and I'm on.
I went down to my, yeah, I met which weather. The weather was nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store, but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of
hojo and beanie says, no, on the end of what doesn't mean. The butter's in English and I'm on.
That corner deli. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan. Speak English, smelly.
Or you can go back to the restaurant.
I came here many years ago.
But my ABCs. I don't say much is gross. I said pretty.
So get yourself to a classroom, quick here in America now. Stop making this thing.
You know, but I speak English.
Well, 19, that may have something new because it always comes back to that.
You know, when they're ripping my mind, it always comes back to that same thing.
Just like that facts, I read you know, nobody speaks English. They got a good point.
We need to get a whole bunch more cities on there before I get to all my good stuff here.
And some bad stuff too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. What American city that you used to love has turned into a
turl it WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, extra vote for Q.R. I live down here.
Terrible play. brutal, huh? And it's wrong. The hell then condolisa and all of them are still in there.
I think I'll be the first one to swim to Cuba. All right. Have a good trip, Pellie.
How do you like that? Maybe we'll be all going to Cuba. We can all meet in Cuba. Cuba.
Cuba. Cuba.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Not getting too much response here on this screen.
Let's hear right now with this poll. There must be how many thousand cities?
About 30, man. Oh, there they go. They're a little slow. WQM. Hello.
Hey, you know, I want to be a list. Okay. Hollywood Florida.
Hollywood is a toilet man. It's a dump. Thank you. Thank you.
Mama still lives there, but she lives in kind of like a sheltered, you know.
Unstirling road there, but Hollywood is getting really, really bad.
Let me ask you a stupid question. You know, the construction there on 441?
Yeah. Do you think any of us will live long enough for them to see if that's ever going to finish?
I mean, that's pathetic. Maybe my great grandkids.
South Florida is generally pretty notorious for a construction project that go on eternally,
but this one is just unbelievable is what it is.
Turn the wait, that's what it is. Right there on 441, by between Sterling and Griffin Road.
I think by the year 2525, when all the Jews have moved out of Kerrichills,
I think that's why maybe they'll get it done.
Maybe. How many QAM? Hello.
How many QAM? How many QAM? Hello. How I could speak to Neil?
Speaking. I don't know if the subject has been blown up before or not.
If the US spend as much time and money on their own defense,
and it's supposed to go into these other countries, we might not have had 9-1-1.
Uh-huh.
Okay. I think I just mentioned that a little while ago,
sir, and by the way, happy 91st birthday. 90s old enough.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I wanted to throw in a list, a name for the list, my birthplace.
A place I really used to love. A lot of people might have always thought it was a toilet,
but New Orleans leads the anna.
Oi!
It is absolutely. I went back about two years ago and I got to tell you,
I didn't really miss anything, but the degradation of a once great city in the...
You can tell the normal would be an insult to slums all over the world, you're right.
Hey, the ninth ward is absolutely like Hell on Earth,
but the rest of the city ain't too great either, Neil.
Okay, thanks, Balli.
New Orleans, the big easy.
Oh, I don't know. That just...
That sends me up the wall when I hear people use that expression.
The big easy. What does that mean?
I have no idea why.
I mean, the big apple we understand in New York, we understand that.
But the big easy...
It's just a place where a bunch of drunks are hanging out.
You know, you can go to Key West, in fact, you don't even have to leave
a date of priority if you just want to get drunk.
You want to get pie-eyed, right?
Absolutely.
It's plenty of places to get plastic.
You can just go right down there on a corner.
What else is it named in that Tutsi's?
Tutsi's, like I said, Tutsi.
Oh, it's speaking of bye-bye Tutsi.
How about...
What a disgrace, what an unbelievable situation.
I don't want any of our dark friends to get upset,
but the fact that it matters is nobody cares about you.
Okay, that's why Colin Powell was in Haiti for about 30 seconds.
How many seconds?
About 30, man.
And they said, oh, don't let's have any investigation of that whole thing with the...
Errasty, because, you know, we got enough problems already.
Leave it alone.
Western leaders absent as Rwanda recalls genocide.
You realize that they killed 800,000 people.
There are nobody cares?
That's...
Are you aware of that?
No.
No, you're not aware of that because the news don't care either.
800,000?
With Western leaders conspicuous by their absence Rwanda marked the 10th
anniversary of its genocide yesterday,
still be welded and angry at the world's failure to stop
one of the 20th century's worst crimes.
Lingerying rankers saw a French minister cut short his trip
after Rwanda's president publicly renewed accusations that
Paris had been complicit in training and arming the killers.
Women and girls were gang raped, tortured and named for life, if not murdered.
The victims were forced to kill their kin or dig their own graves before they were buried alive.
The president told 28,000 mourners gathered at the stadium.
We'll see each other again in heaven acquire a Sanctimomoral site in the capital
where a crowd of barefoot Rwandans
in tattered clothing watched from a hilltop as African presidents arrived
in gleaming four-wheel-drive vehicles.
Just like in the Arab countries, same thing, you know.
People are all sluppers, they're walking around tattered clothing,
and to me, the time you got all these shakes running around,
shaking their booties.
So much gold on them also.
Yeah.
With all the gold chains, the shanes, you know.
Yep.
Kagami single France out for stinging criticism in his speech at the stadium,
reiterating his allegation that Paris provided weapons to those responsible
for the 100 days of bloodshed.
As for the French, they were all in what happened in Rwanda.
A self-evidently said they knowingly trained in armed government soldiers in militia
who were going to commit genocide and knew they would commit a genocide.
And they did.
France had a culture to visit by its junior foreign ministers saying
its serious allegations contrary to the truth of the made against it.
No, they weren't.
In Geneva, UN Secretary General Kapi Annen
said the risk of genocide remained frighteningly real in parts of the world.
And that Rwandan style ethnic massacres maybe he said,
international military force could be needed to stop it.
And in sound of the alarm in a speech on the 10th anniversary of the Rwanda genocide
in which 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus were massacred by Hutus or Spherimists.
And we don't know who to turn to.
He left no doubt he feared something similar might be underway in West Sudan
where UN officials say ethnic cleansing is being carried out by government-backed Arab militias.
Cartoon denies any world and all awful killings in the region they should live so long.
How do you like that?
Ethnic cleansing?
Ethnic cleansing in other words,
what a thing they're dead.
It's by the thousands, by the tens and the hundreds of thousands and we're sitting back
with our Iraq attack.
And the reason nobody cares about Rwanda or Haiti is because there's a lot of dark folks there.
See just like all the AIDS epidemic in Africa,
you know every now and then somebody says something nice and Clinton goes there and he's
trying his best to do something.
And maybe somebody like Bush,
lied to his teeth about all the money he was sending and of course he said,
oh but not if he teased birth control and things like that.
Not if he used contraception and a Pope said,
and a boy you go boy, I didn't know even you were Catholic.
So at any rate nobody cares about all those people dying either because they're black.
So unfortunately all that racism is taught so well about slavery and all the stuff in the
Old Testament.
It's still alive and well in the world today, as ever.
It's pretty sad, pathetic.
There's nowhere to describe it.
Not to mention of course all the bloodshed, all the blood that the Bush people have on
their hands, including you, Condoleezza.
That's what somebody should have screamed out.
That's what Bob Carrey should have said.
Ms. Dr. Clark, I mean whatever your name is.
Well what is his story?
I can't believe how many times did he call Condoleezza Dr. Clark?
About 30 men.
At least.
And then even after he was corrected, he called her Dr. Rice once.
He did it again over and over again.
And she says, I don't think I look like a Dick Clark.
And I would think it to myself, no they never would let your ass on American band Stan, honey.
She don't look like Dick Clark.
Oh and I got a great line for that but I can't use it anymore.
She might look a little like Joseph Yankee though.
Look at the good sun tan.
And even what they call Joseph Yankee don't you?
Don't say it.
27 past noon at 560 WDQAM.
Hey, lobster fest is back at the Emerald Coast.
If you have never been there, you don't know what you're missing.
A real feast.
Not just an ordinary Asian buffet, which there's so many now.
The service is impeccable.
You'll never leave it on empty stomach because they'll fill you up to the gills.
And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there, kids six and under eat for free.
In addition, Emerald Coast still offers all of their sensational mouthwatering dishes to start out with any year.
All of their six fantastic soups like that wanton.
Then sampled dozens of delicious on phrase like New York strip made order in their sizzling Asian grill.
Their new Hunan fish.
Enjoy main lobster, thermometer or salt, Jonah crab and oysters on the half shell.
And if you still have room sample their handcar primer in the new Thai specialties too.
Hey, Richard at the Emerald Coast Goldies School begin the night.
The Emerald Coast buffet.
I wonder what's on leaf TV right now while I'm doing it because he's a Richard is from Toronto.
He's a big least fan.
This is surprising statistic and I'm not I'm not overwhelmed by it,
but I certainly can understand it being what it is sticking with gold tenders,
specifically Patrick O'Lean.
Now forget about Patrick O'Lean, he blows.
The Emerald Coast also promotes a healthy year living too because they use no crap in their
cooking.
They cook with only cholesterol for your oils.
No MSD, no cornstarch, no crap.
There were faith each is full salad bar, a full Chinese food line up their brand new sushi bar
and fresh,
seun cocktail.
And because you deserve it if you're a real cow,
in fact, Zack, if you ever been there probably not.
He just walked out.
See, in fact, he's probably on his way there right now.
He just liked it beast.
Every time I go into a break, he like goes waddling out,
probably trolling for food in the hallway.
Anyway, he'd be pleased to know that they got a full dessert station in Emerald Coast with
bells and waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream without your favorite toppings, even a
fresh fruit, a perfect ending to a gigantic pickout.
Emerald Coast, they got three locations for you.
They're in sunrise, sunny aisles, and now in Pemberg Pines.
So take the whole family or book your next business lunch and right now,
and don't forget to fill out a membership cards so you can get your monthly newsletter too.
Let the folks at the Emerald Coast cook up a storm for you.
Take out and deliver you available too.
Call 954-57238-222.
That's 954-57238-22.
Lots of imitators, but there's nobody nowhere like the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Unmistakably, this is television that it's best.
Diana, looks like you're going to be going to jail for DUI.
What are the cops idea when he stops you?
Your blood alcohol was pretty high.
How did you feel today after?
You're probably going to have a cellmate that thinks you're kind of cute.
What do you think's going to happen?
Diana, be strong.
You can do it.
What are you going to say at the moment you get out of jail?
This has been a presentation of ABC News.
From 32, do you find any food in the hallway?
Zacher is the cover beer.
He's not back?
I'm still looking.
I want to go get a cup of ice so I can have my cold seltzer.
See, I knew there was something there.
You were at it.
See with Zacher, it's always either something going in or something going out,
which we can't use those sounds we used to, which is probably a good thing.
Yeah, better off.
In his case, what American city they used to love has turned into a toilet.
That's our poll question today.
And of course, there's nobody in town.
We got 252 votes.
We didn't start this poll till after 11.
Am I correct?
I think so.
What we did all around with condolese, all that important stuff.
Miami 158.
Nobody's going to touch Miami.
And when you think about it, who would want to?
I know you're my only.
158 for Miami.
Key West 27.
Detroit 23.
Atlanta City 19.
Patterson, New Jersey 8.
Camden, New Jersey 5.
Great American toilets.
That would be great.
The travel book.
So many Hollywood Florida 4.
Changing very rapidly, by the way.
Rochester, New York 3.
New Orleans 3.
Flint, Michigan 2.
And none yet for willing to deliver any that was Indiana.
How to 250 2 votes.
Lots more cities to go.
But at least 30,000.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
So how's the standing cup playoff parties coming all over South Florida?
They all whipped up to a frenzy or what?
Come on.
Quit playing at the stupidest stuff they've jured to play.
They did the other side of the back.
Nobody really cares.
What's hockey?
Ha.
Ottawa and Toronto with the air Canada Saturday night.
This town is on fire, baby.
They're smoking.
They got blue and white come out of their nose.
Probably because it's so damn cool out.
That's not bad.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
WDQ and hello.
Hi Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good. How you be?
Good. I have to say growing up down here.
I have to say Fort Lauderdale.
Okay.
Died compared to what he did.
That's for damn sure.
That's because they chased all the living and breathing people out.
Why is it that every place in South Florida,
anybody out of the age of 100 to wants to have a good time,
they're not wanted?
I don't know.
It's against the law to have a good time, isn't it?
Yeah, I think so.
Yes, it is.
So, see you up there in Toronto, Neil.
All right. Have a great day.
Thanks.
Bye.
See you.
Yeah, all the, uh,
bulls run for a lot of day.
All the blue nose right wingers,
they've taken it over.
Of course, they've owned it for a long time.
They get really pissed off
when all those kids all the punks come in here.
Do they have any spring break this year?
Is it like they totally blown them all out?
No, Fort Lauderdale Beach was, uh,
pretty packed.
I think it was a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah.
It was pretty packed.
I went down to my brother's down from Tallahassee.
So I went down with him one day.
It was like almost like normal.
Normal spring break.
Lots of, uh, girls and bikinis out there.
All right.
Well, that's great.
Let the, don't let the old parts hear about that.
Don't let Jim Novel hear about that.
For Lauderdale Mayor Jim Novel, he'll round him all up
and throw him in a whosco.
And of course the BS.
Oh, although, uh, Ken Jenny,
I see his busy with all them cases that,
haha.
Have you seen that?
Yep.
All those cases that kind of slip through the cracks.
Oh, I didn't realize that's the possum man, Ken Jenny.
She is one nasty miserable.
Now that he's got all the swing clubs closed down,
he's going to start working on everything else.
Like anybody wants to have a good time in Broward.
In Broward.
Somebody cue him. Hello.
What a five.
Is he talking about Ken bad again?
Ken Jenny, WQM. Hello.
Hello.
Was he talking about the attorney general, Charlie Christigan?
Yes.
Hi.
I have two things.
One thing for one to, for your poll.
Yes.
Philadelphia.
Philadelphia, okay?
Okay.
And secondly, I was listening to kind of Lisa.
She said one of the words you're not allowed to say.
I won't say it but it starts with a T.
No.
Yeah.
What's the second letter?
Well, it's part of a three word phrase.
It's a genit Jackson will bring it to mind.
Okay.
Thanks.
Whatever.
Have you figured it out?
I'm puzzled.
Maybe that was it puzzled.
Maybe we can't say that.
We can't say puzzled no more.
Janet Jackson begins with a P.
I have no idea.
What word could kind of Lisa have said?
And of course, luckily, I'm sure we didn't have that on the ear.
Or muffled, I've been wrong.
Oh, didn't you dump that in your own.
I can just see it now.
Of course, Josh would have to be fired if that happened.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
See, one thing you don't have to worry about that, Josh,
you have to do a hell of a lot to get fired on this show.
Unlike the morning show, the early morning show,
all you got to do is look at Mo Crosside
or make a comment about that piece, about his muskrat.
You're out.
I'm listening.
Listen to you.
If you go into a spastic drug-induced coma on the floor,
that'll probably get you fired.
Or start staring at the ceiling like a crazy person.
Oh, and by the way, good luck to our friend, Scott Jr.,
who gave us two weeks notice, he's leaving us.
Really?
Didn't know that?
I did not know that.
Well, in fact, we're going to have quite a party for him after he leaves.
The F-H-H-H-H.
WQM, hello.
And then my friend, you die.
Excellent.
WQM, hello.
Mr. Rogers, there must have been part of Robert Bird's speech
in the Senate yesterday, yes, sir.
Hey, I've got a city for you, man.
OK.
And driving through that place, it was even more frightening
than driving through the Bronx was Baltimore, Maryland.
Oh, Baltimore, man.
I drove through there real fast a long time ago.
I mean, that place looks, well, actually,
a bay route looks like a big, big,
next to Baltimore.
I believe in.
My bad way.
Yes.
I got one other thing for you.
Did you see that Bob Norman piece
in the, I think it was either Newtimes or CityLink?
No.
Remember which one?
He was interviewing Clay Shaw.
And he was asking about the insurgents
and what the hell are we going to do in Iraq?
You know what Clay Shaw said?
He said that we should do what Saddam used to do,
which is beat the hell out of them and then not kill them all.
So a lot of people.
OK.
And in fact, that's what he used to say at Spring Break time, too.
There's another guy that didn't like this spring.
Thanks a lot, pal.
I have a great day.
You got it, Bill.
What did you just say?
Baltimore.
Baltimore, Maryland, man.
Nice place to drive through real, real fast.
Also St. Louis.
I would say the same thing.
Ever been in St. Louis?
Don't.
Never been Miami.
Hunter, you never been much anywhere.
When you can now, where were you born?
I was born for a lot of the plantation.
Oh, no.
In plantation?
Yeah.
It's where a born and raised and still live.
I didn't know that.
I thought you were in New York.
You kind of got no, no, that's mom and dad.
I'll be there.
And the beast is from Boston.
And Clarence is from a hunger, which we know that.
And Duff is also from New England.
Boy, we sure are spread it around.
But we got somebody who was born and for Lauderdale.
So they have no idea what the real world's all about.
No, I have no idea.
Or what for Lauderdale used to be like when we had the original
spring break when it was really great.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, right.
They spent all the time in the movie.
They spent all those movies about the old spring break.
Connie Francis.
She had a nervous breakdown just thinking about it.
What they did to it.
Remember that?
Where the Goymar and for Lauderdale?
And then they finally found out a few Jews moving
to the for Lauderdale then.
Then they really got forked off.
And then with the facts to go for Wilton Manners,
I think that was the last straw.
I think that was that was the end.
21 till one at five, 60.
QM, don't forget the mad dog from the masters to this afternoon.
I can't think of anything in the world.
And I forget even about sports because I don't call this sports a game.
Anything more boring than golf.
Now, on the front page of newspapers,
and I'm seeing that or at least on the front page of sports sections,
with all the things that are going on in the world.
The masters Augusta Tiger, all of this crap.
Now, please don't tell me you're interested in that.
Please.
The most prestigious golf tournament.
Please tell me you're not interested in that.
I don't know how interested I am in it,
but it's the biggest golf tournament.
Let me say it again.
20 till one at QAM.
The most popular sports radio fighter in the world.
The most popular sports radio fighter in the world.
QAM.
The Roger.
Die.
I'm the state's miles across the sea.
New to safety features of Miami.
That's all it takes to reach it.
Save the talent.
The skate plans.
The skate plans.
To go away, the radiance was on our head.
Now, we have to use toilet paper instead.
The skate can do my army.
Next target of a man.
A tropical paradise loaded with that convenience.
We're out there.
A should run.
A not.
They're serving a size thing.
And they're young.
But we really rather dream cowardly.
The things flash if you throw ten seas of hope.
Point the court by a me and off we go.
To where the angry human.
Slide a there go.
To attack.
Attack.
Attack.
Attack.
That's our plan.
The state's plan.
The state's plan.
The state's plan.
The state's plan.
That's part of the deal is now when they come in to what he was.
The governor will be stating that Hannah Maye.
A driver's license.
Does the thing that's impressive?
Of course.
And a 57 Chevy.
I like the Chevy.
1244-560 W2QM Marine Doud writes in the days New York Times.
It's on our website.
The Iraqi inversion.
She says maybe after high definition TV, they'll invent high-dogen TV.
A product so realistic and just runs through the screen and shake the bush officials.
When they say something maddening about 9-11 or Iraq.
Or when they engage in some egregious bit of character assassination.
It would come in handy for Karen Hughes bush nanny and book tour.
And kind of leads her rices ripping 9-11 commission testimony.
And I was desperately wishing for it yesterday when Don Rumsfeld held forth at a Pentagon briefing.
Even though the assumptions the Bush administration used to go to war now have proved to be
astonishingly arrogant, naive and ideological, Mr. Rumsfeld is as testy as Delphic as ever about
the francially of Iraq.
We're trying to explain how things are going and they're going as the
the way he speaks, man, just draws me up the wall.
We're trying to explain how things are going and they are going as they are going, he said.
Adding some things are going well and when some things obviously are not going well,
you're going to have good days and bad days.
On the road to democracy, this is one moment.
There'll be other moments and there'll be good moments and there'll be less good moments.
Calling the families of more than 30 young Americans killed this weekend,
the confusing hell of Iraq must be a less good moment.
Our troops in Iraq don't know who they're fighting and who they're saving.
They don't know when they're coming home or when they're being forcibly re-upped by Rumi.
Our diplomats in Baghdad don't know who they're handing the country over to next month
and Bush officials don't know where to go for help since the military's tapped out.
The allies have cool feet and the Arab world's angry and the rest of the globe is thinking
you got what you deserved.
Before heading out to Iraq last, spring marine commanders explained that they would try to
take a gently reproached and the army.
They would avoid using military tactics that would risk civilian casualties,
learn Arabic and take off their sunglasses when talking with Iraqis.
If the killer terrorist we have to kill eight innocent people you just don't kill them.
Major General James Mattis told the Times Michael Gordon.
But in the wake of the Falujahura and Shiite uprising, civility must take a backseat to stomping.
The Marines had a fire rocket, said a mosque in Falujah using by the used by the Shiite followers of
the radical cleric, Mokkata al-Sadar, and the hospitals are filled with civilians.
Instead of playing soccer with kids, now the Marines have to worry that the kids are the enemy,
spotting targets are wielding guns.
The farmers in taxi cab drivers wearing their own clothes and driving their own cars
try to murder the Marines before melting back into the populace.
Paul Wolfeowitz assumed that the Shiites, terminated by Sodom over their religion,
would be grateful, not hateful, wrong, it isn't a cakewalk, it's chaos.
Every single thing the administration calculator will happen in Iraq is turned out the opposite.
The WMD that supposedly threatened us did not exist.
The dangerous dictator was deluded in writing romance novels,
the terrorism that would be thwarted as mushroomed in Iraq and as feeding Arab radicalism.
Mr. Rumsfeld thought invading Iraq what exercise America's Vietnam syndrome,
its squirmishness about using force, instead it's raised the spectre of another Vietnam,
where our courageous troops don't understand the culture, can't recognize the enemy and don't
have an exit strategy, and the administration spins the war every day.
Romi also said he could show off that his transformation in the military using a learner force,
now even some Republicans say is putting our troops at risk by stubbornly refusing to admit he was
wrong. Did I say learner force, leaner force? Dick Cheney thought here was better than week
need diplomacy than if Americans whacked one Arab foe all the others would cower, wrong,
the error invasion is multiplied and emboldened our enemies. Mr. Cheney and Mr. Rumsfeld thought
America should flex its hyperpower muscles, castrating the U.N. and blowing off multilateral
arrangements, now the administration may have to crawl back for help.
The hawk's thought they could establish a democracy that would produce a domino effect in the
Arab world, wrong, the dominoes are falling in a scarier direction. The president thought he could
improve on the ending to his father's Gulf War, wrong again. He wrote Maureen Dow today's New
York Times, the Iraqi inversion. Got some bad news for if you're going to Amsterdam,
Zach. Why, what happened? Josh, it says is at the end of high times in Holland.
Oh my god. No way. No way what? That's really how it is, it's going to be like that now.
Tourists who flock to Amsterdam to smoke cannabis in its coffee shops without fear prosecution
may find their choice curtailed as part of a proposed review of liberal Dutch drug laws.
The Dutch government is considering a ban on the sale of highly potent strains of cannabis
under the proposed review of Kevin and sources at Tuesday. The center-right government of the
Netherlands where cannabis smokers can openly buy smoke to drug and hundreds of government
regulated coffee shops is discussing the proposed review and cabinet today as we speak.
The government wants to determine if Hashemirahwana with a very high condit of THC,
an act of compound in cannabis should be reclassified as hard rather than soft drugs.
The Netherlands where customers can order a vast array of cannabis from coffee shop menus
has reportedly seen a steep rise in THC levels in Dutch-grown cannabis due to refined growing
methods. The government decline comment on reports that would consider banning the sale of
Dutch-grown nitter white with a high THC content under proposals in a so-called cannabis-led
department. Some doctors say cannabis use increases the risk of depression and schizophrenia,
but it's used to be widely tolerated by the Dutch for decades. Coffee shops are prohibited
from selling hard drugs and are carefully monitored. Sure they are. The Netherlands, the first
country to legalize use in Asia also lets you begin the first to make cannabis available
as a prescription drug in pharmacies for chronically ill patients. So they're not taking it all out
just the real heavy duty? Yeah, that's a good stuff. The real heavy duty good stuff they're
taking that. So you go down the street, you go to the mushroom shop. Okay, no problem.
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, Marvellous line, what American city that you use to love
is turned into a toilet so far to one horse race, 313 votes. Miami's got 189 Kiwis 34. That's
something the top two choices are in Florida. Detroit 25 Atlantic City 21, Paterson, New Jersey 10,
New Orleans 8, Camden, New Jersey 6, Flinishing 5, Hollywood, Florida 5, Fort Lauderdale 4 years
to more in Florida, Rochester, New York 4, Indianapolis 2 and that's it. We've got a bunch of
them on there, don't have any yet. I'm glad plantations are out there. Plantations are not a toilet.
Come on. Good, I'm happy. I said I'm happy about that. Not yet. That's home. What about Lauderdale?
I'm sorry. Univision to sale for new talk shows, homo-sexuality discussion.
Converting gaze to straights through religion is an landed Univision and its new national talk show,
Caso State Familia in trouble with gay rights groups and with Pizza Hut.
Pizza Hut. Right. Well, I'm getting to that if you're just dummy up.
Okay. The debate was sparked by the March 25 program that featured the theme of curing homo-sexuality
with religion. Univision said it didn't intend to offend anyone with a program.
Forgive us, poor favor. During the show hostess Judith Gray suggested that gay people are homo-sexual
because they were abused or rippeted as children according to the gameless being lines against
defamation. Glad. That implication infuriated the gay community has ignited criticism on the
network's website. The show also prompted Pizza Hut to ask Univision not to wear its ads on
Caso State Familia in the future. Got that? Got it. When in doubt leave us out on Caso State Familia.
I wonder what our old friend Mirabelle from QAM from our IUD would say.
Maybe those meos oscaros. Right. In a statement Univision said we broadcast quality programs to
present an objective and balanced discussion of issues such as race culture gender
sexual preference in a responsible way. We strive to promote tolerance and diversity in our
programming in no way ever intend to offend any group. Right. Well, guess what on this show?
We're just the opposite. We want to offend everybody, right? All right. Spread it around. Why not?
5670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. That's our poll today. Is it going to be
feeder or touchy-feely? That's the poll question today. WQAM. Hello.
Yeah, I do it. Pretty good. That color of the color before
about Rites is testimony when the word that she said I guess he was meaning that it for that.
Oh, Tia. That he said P. Well, that's okay. Yeah, just for Tatic.
Yeah, don't say it again. You're done. He's finished. 5670560.560.
As he did again, gratuitously. The second time that's bad.
They're coming after you, pal. John Ascrofty. Not going to any door about 3 a.m. in the morning
tomorrow. Somebody QAM. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Not there on 5. QAM. Hola.
Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you for taking my call.
Thank you for making your call, Mr. Paul.
I've got one city for the poll and two questions for you.
Okay.
For the poll, first of all, Orlando has become the toilet that I can't stand going to anymore.
Even with all this big stuff that they're building up there, it's just too dark and crowded.
All those Bible Femperes, since they took over Orange Blossom Trailman, Orlando,
just saying what he used to be. Oh, yeah. That's for darn sure. Yeah.
Got to definitely watch what you're saying on the show.
You can't say damn. What happened to the Stop FTC campaign?
What happened to it?
Did they stop it? Did the Stop FTC stop it?
He's still, no, nobody stopped it. It's just that we're not participating because Scott,
the guy that's behind it is a, I don't, I wish him all the best. He's got about 155,000 signatures.
But he attends the look and give tours in the mouth. And I'm not going to start raising money for
people when they won't tell us what their last name is when they don't want to share with our,
you know what I'm saying? And he wants to be anonymous. And if he wants to do whatever he's doing,
that's fine. But I can't, in good conscience, take people's money and go out and take a newspaper
as and then have no idea what's going to happen to signatures. And who's got them and where they are.
I don't, I've been burned too many times and I can't do it.
I understand.
I think he had a good idea, but he needed a lot of help and he evidently thinks he's
a bigger dollar rest of us. He's going to do it on his own. So we'd like to Scott.
Lastly, my only other question. I'm a Republican voter and I have been screaming.
I've been apoplectic about what this regime is doing to our country.
Yeah.
It's absolutely horrid what they're doing all across the board.
How many credible witnesses is, is it going to take before the rest of the Republicans start to wake
up and get their finger out of the place that it shouldn't be?
By the third man.
Yeah, this is ridiculous. I mean, I've been saying the same stuff that Clark and,
O'Neill have been saying since before this all happened and nobody wants to listen to any of it.
They just sit back and put the, like you say.
A lot of dumb people out there, man. That's American public.
Good luck to all of us, man. I'm getting, I'm getting my passport and I might be seen in Toronto.
All right. Have a great day. We'll see you at the border. 5, 6, 7,
Golly School, baby, big game died.
Least in the Ottawa Senators who are choking a gagging and you hear those sounds already
probably from practice, other than practicing. They're taking a long nap.
Probably having nightmares, the Senators.
I wonder if that game is, I have the game in the now and I've got a leaf's lunch on Least TV.
I had seven o'clock.
Now do you have like panthers TV on your cable?
Do we have a WM? Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Okay, I just wanted to second emotion this is a loophole. I'm going to say Wilman Tendellow
way. You got into time for one and raise the Delaware.
And there he goes.
That was loophole.
He was fired up.
He was really whipped up to a reference. Yeah, I think that Luca must have just been
knocking on the door. He dropped that phone real fast.
Five, maybe with Soluzzo. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Do you know who I am? I'm low-grief.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
WQM, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir, speaking.
I think the guy that was all fired up about here and pissed off on the radio
took over the FCC. That's what happened.
Could be.
And I just like to add that Ashcroft runs over and the Catholic Church all still stuck.
Okay, thank you.
There's a little bulletin for you. Probably won't hear that on any of our sports shows
that guarantee you that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Now how many people do you think for tonight's game now that everybody's build out?
And the bad news for South Florida, I don't want to be the bearer bad tidings.
You know, they always say that I'm so negative and I'm not.
I know I'm not. I try to be the eternal optimist to a little bit or an extent.
But everybody's gone.
The snowbirds bye bye.
And I haven't I always said that every year when it comes Easter and pace off.
That's where they all bail out and a lot of them just that they don't bother coming back.
Am I correct about that?
Because ductroof me took them about two minutes to drive to work this morning.
There went nobody on the road is what he said.
What was he telling me?
Huh?
Wasn't much traffic today.
Yeah, nobody there.
So we're like operating with a skeleton crew today.
So thank you very much to kind of Lisa to Dr. Clark for taking up so much of that great time with the testimony.
I still can't get over that.
I'm carrying.
I can't believe he said it like five six times.
No, a lot more five or six.
About 30 man.
Get out of town man.
I can't believe it.
He said it over and over and over again.
And then the I wasn't somebody slapped on the back of that say her name is rice.
You idiot rice.
Okay.
Or kick him under the table or start to think of them Chinese.
Okay, rice.
Not Clark.
I have a beautiful line.
I could use right there.
But guess what?
Not no mo.
Oh my god.
Look.
This is 420 or 560.
2AM.
Oh my god.
My favorite Republican.
This is Matt Drudge.
And it's time for the excuse me uploading.
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers.
One to two.
Power.
She.
The
Oh.
She's lying through her split teeth.
Candles, the jitters, the weight of gold.
If you don't want to see under her hood.
She's on their ears, molded.
I've ever left that door, don't want to hear the sound.
Like young matured, that's why.
She's on her chest to fight, on her own,
like an odd she'd be.
She's on her chest to fight,
on her wrist, the darling, that's your dream.
She's on her chest to fight,
she's on her hands, she's to the heart of the baby.
Oh, he's on her chest to fight,
she knows that you don't set a free path.
One, two, five, six, she did testify,
and the week was the operative or regiustica pool,
and 95% of us thought it was week.
The other five percent thought
embarrassing would have been a better word.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six,
the pound, five, six, the only 18,
and teen, if you're rising on this story,
here makes me want to barf.
Man charged with fatally kicking dog like a football,
and a guess where in Nashville, Tennessee,
talk about a bunch of mugwomps,
ever been to Nashville?
Uh, no.
Don't.
Don't intend to.
Makes Tampa look like Manhattan.
We're really?
That's how the end of Fall Nashville is.
A man was arrested,
and there's a picture of him here in the story,
Chad Crawford, if he don't look like he just crawled out
from under a rock, I don't know who does.
A man was arrested on charges of killing his neighbor,
a 17-year-old dog by place kicking it like a football.
Chad Daniel Crawford, 23,
was charged with cruelty to animals in Vandalism Tuesday,
and the death of Gizmo, a two-pound miniature Yorkshire terrier,
Crawford was freed on $25,000 bail.
Jolani Lewis said he was in the department complex,
when he saw one of three men holding the dog like a football,
and then said Crawford kicked the animal.
Lewis said the dog threw through the air in a high arc,
hit the pavement and rolled under a parked car,
the dog was apparently dead when it hit the ground,
and the men were laughing, Lewis said,
and didn't even get the three points.
Crawford said the accusations were false
but declined for the comment.
Is that about as sick as it gets?
I hate that.
I think this guy and Ed Bitch from Tyler Texas
that stoned her kids to death,
I think the two of them ought to be on the same receipt.
They should pull the switch.
This Friday ass right there on Nationwide TV.
It's gross. I love my die.
You just tell a story. I can only think of my dog now.
What kind of dog you got?
I got a big fat golden lab.
Honey, oh, there's not a golden lab.
Yeah. Great dogs.
Great dog.
Of course, Zach is big and fat.
They always say that the dogs generally reflect their owners.
Now, neither of my dogs reflected me
because I had tiny and I had the winning
the golden retriever in a minping.
So I don't think I've any of those categories.
Oh, my dog fits those categories with me.
Yeah, you're big and fat.
Now, and fat is not good. How old is your dog? Not good.
Oh, she's old.
She's old.
She's like a turning 13.
Oh, she's the doctor even said they can't believe she's going to be 13 years old.
What do you mean by that?
That she lasted that long?
Yeah.
That's fat.
Why is your dog fat?
Your dog didn't get fat by herself.
What she might have.
No, no, no, let me say it.
No, no, don't try to transplace the blame.
This is bad. This is serious conversation.
Your dog is fat because you overfed her.
Probably, yes.
And why are you doing that?
You're killing your dog.
You see, now the audience always thinks that I'm joking.
Now, listen to me.
The audience always thinks that I'm joking when I say that fat people want everybody else to be fat.
They even want their pets to be fed.
Now, my golden retriever was like, uh, should await 80 pounds.
And at one point in his life, he was up to 108.
He was 28 pounds overweight.
And so I started teaching her how feeding him that like one low, what did that diet dog food?
And he got back to 82 pounds.
You know, we weighs now?
What?
About two and a half ounces.
Oh, really?
Ways all ashes now.
My dogs are both dead.
I mean, that's bad.
No, but I mean, my dogs were great.
But how can you do that to your dog just because you're a fat slav.
You're entitled to kill yourself with food.
But the dog which means you're feeding them a lot of people food.
Yes.
Bad.
Josh, call the SPCA and have this man dragged away.
That's the dog loves me.
Yeah, he loves you because you keep because he's a big pig and you keep feeding him naturally.
He loves you.
He'd love you without the food.
Yeah, you're probably right.
Yeah, see dogs are great.
Dogs love you like crazy.
They ask very little or return just to be let out to do their business or for a walk or whatever.
So they can lift their leg and do a little squat.
And then a fed once in a while.
Not just fed tons of, oh, geez, I can't believe it.
You shouldn't have been allowed to have a dog.
Well, it's not like my family's dog.
It's in the house.
Yeah.
It's not like mine doesn't like that.
Well, that doesn't make any difference.
You shouldn't be allowed there.
Are you the rest of your family fat too?
Yeah, we got a pretty big family.
Oh, my goodness.
No, I'm not talking about big.
Are they fat?
And the answer is yes.
They're the fat family just like Jeff Hyde, fat boy.
Oh, my God.
Hi, that's how you get out of here.
Disgusting.
Let's see.
Here's the fact that did you know that if we go cold red, another attack, the borders
will be closed.
Not going to Canada then.
It says too late.
Oh, I see.
Well, I'll wait here.
I wish you good luck.
WB, one of our chronic facts.
You say the big easy comes from a euphemism for New Orleans like the
Crescent City that's attributed to Betty Guillaume, a gossip commas for the
Times Pick a Yoon in the 70s as a term of indermine and answer to the then
I love New York City hype.
It's the big apple and the New Orleans, the big easy where everything is
slower, simpler and easy going.
That was their answer to the big apple.
Okay.
Now the big apple sounds like a fun thing, although sometimes it's rotten at the
core, but the big easy.
It's a crappy cliche.
We had a crappy city too.
Don't go there.
A lot of drunks and bags there.
See, I'ma said it again.
Josh, I'ma said it.
Dump me again.
We'd understand how that works.
What you've been saying these words for a hundred thousand years, right?
There's nothing wrong with this bag.
But then all of a sudden.
I know all of a sudden.
We discovered it's a bad word.
Everything else is bad now too.
Killin people, all of a sudden it's a people line of whether that's okay.
That's good because it's in the name of a democracy.
But a few words on a radio or on your TV or on cable or got from in your hotel room.
It's no say per miso a key.
Oh, this is a good one for you.
Easter Bunny, Whipped a Church Show, some families upset.
This is a true story.
What?
A church trying to teach about money and dealing with religion.
Again, don't you understand crazy people?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Like that.
I'm sorry.
It's Easter and Pesach.
Like I said, crazy people.
A church trying to teach about the crucifixion of Jesus, perform an Easter show with actors whipping the Easter Bunny and breaking eggs, upsetting several parents and young children.
People who attended Saturday's performance at Glassport, Pennsylvania's Memorial Stadium quoted performers as saying,
there is no Easter Bunny and describe the show as being a demonstration of how Jesus was crucified.
Melissa Saltsman, sounds Jewish to me, who took her four-year-old son, J.T.
Now, why would somebody name Saltsman take their kid to see a thing with the Easter Bunny?
I don't know.
Could anybody, unless she, that sounds awful Jewish to me, like Phil Saltsman?
Yeah.
How you doing, Phil?
Melissa Saltsman took her four-year-old son, J.T.
He said the program was inappropriate for young children.
He was crying and asking me why the bunny was being whipped, Saltsman said.
Patti Bickerton, the youth minister at Glassport Assembly of God, said the performance wasn't meant to be offensive.
Bickerton portrayed the Easter Revenue, and said she tried to whack with a tone of irreverence.
In other words, this wasn't like a real bunny, but she was playing the bunny.
And she was getting whipped. It was an SNM deal.
Nice.
The program was for all ages, not just the kids.
We wanted to convey that Easter is not just about the Easter Bunny.
It's about Jesus Christ, Bickerton said.
Performance broke eggs meant for an Easter egg.
God also portrayed a drunk and man in a self- mutilating woman, said Jennifer Narelli Burke,
another pair to saw the show in Glassport, South East of Pittsburgh.
It was very disturbing Narelli Burke said.
I couldn't believe what I saw. It wasn't anything I was expecting.
It was an SNM show at Easter time. What's wrong with that?
Jesus Christ.
And how different is that from that Mel Gibson movie, right?
Talk about SNM.
There you go.
I guarantee you this show in Glassport, P.A.
It wasn't even in the same league with Mel Gibson, in which he's going to make about 250 million.
It's going to gross a billion dollars, man, because a lot of idiots out there want to see whipping and flesh,
and all this other, all these bubbleizes.
Very, very sad.
And you wonder why the world isn't the shape is into the day?
Three words, man.
Make the world a ton better place tomorrow when you wake up in the morning.
Three words. No more religion, which we say.
A wrap!
And if we have to force you to give it up, then let's do it, right?
Why not?
So put down at MOTSA, man. Put down those chocolate Easter eggs they'll kid you.
You know why I love them?
What do they call those little, um...
You should know, because you're a pig.
Tell me.
Those little hard Easter egg chocolate candies, you know, they're like, um...
Oh, I know.
You know what I mean?
They're called Easter eggs, I think.
They're good, though.
Oh, Nestleys makes it.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Oh, God.
Those are solid.
Mmm.
After the first 40 or 50 pounds, why maybe not that much?
Stop turning, man!
After the first 30 pounds, your blood sugar starts to get a little bit high like in the quadruple figures,
but nevertheless.
Aren't those just called, like, Cadbury Easter eggs?
That's what it is.
Those are with the cream in them, all right?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Those are the big, uh, egg.
I had a great line for that, too, but I can't use it anymore.
No, these are hard.
Oh, I can't say that up.
They're round, they're small.
They're little chocolate Easter eggs.
You know what I'm talking about?
They're real sweet.
They're good.
They're great.
What does he know about food?
He's just a skinny punk.
You know, there's nothing about food.
Leave the food tucked us fat slabs, man, to the fact you as we know our crap.
I'm going to get some kishki today, I think, for lunch.
Ooh, that sounds good.
That sounds very good.
Nice big bowl of matsu ball soup and a nice plate of kishki.
Oh, I can't wait to get home now.
And just smear up all I gravy with some nice rye bread.
Mmm.
Come on, it's after one at five, 60 WQM.
If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked,
and you probably figure you're like stuck for the rest of your life working for peanuts,
and working for some schmuck that doesn't always answer me or elbow,
here's the answer, it's called fast train.
That's right.
If you don't have four years of the money to spend on college,
but you still can get the training you need by calling that fast train at 1-866,
fast train because they can have you trained and certified for a high paying computer network professional career
in that short of a time.
That is correct.
You can be fully trained ready for that new job by the end of the summer.
Fast train offers day, evening, weekend classes to fit around your schedule.
They offer job placement assistance financially to people who qualify.
And with seven, count them.
Seven convenient locations to serve you in Florida.
There's about to be one fairly close by you.
So in all way, pick up that phone today and get started because in just four sure months,
you can really be on your way to a great new career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Call them today, check them on the web if you like it fast train.com,
but please finally get off your ass and make that call 1-866 fast train.
Slide in local, we're sports video 560-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
How's that thing coming? I'm sure there's a lot of other cities deserve to be honored, but LA certainly. What American city that you used to love is turned into a toilet? Miami 228. Nobody can touch Miami. Not even close. Key West, though, 46. Look at Detroit, it's got about 30, man. Atlanta City, 24. New Orleans, 18.
Patterson, New Jersey, 14. Fort Lauderdale, 13. Hollywood, 9. Camden, New Jersey, 6. Lemon, Michigan, 6. And look at that Rochester's only got four. Indianapolis only got a pair.
I guess you were too impressed because we need to want to know anything about when radio was like the golden age of radio. I'm going to write a book about the golden age of radio.
I think you should. Because radio used to be just fabulous if I dare say that again. Do I dare say it? No. You used to be pretty good.
And now radio is like now we're in the brown age of radio. I don't want to tell you what the brown stands for. You turn. But that's your giving idea. Okay. Because we can't we can't make those sounds anymore. So.
When the brown age where radio is just in fact speaking of being in a toilet. That's what radio is. Thanks to Chief Channel. Thanks to the FCC. Thanks to your government in action again turning all the city will monopoly. So a handful of graver hours can put the same crap. I'm just about air. And let me tell you something else. Now you were told me that I would be who was telling me that?
Maybe Miguel was telling me this morning I would do was carrying condolese. I'll I'm sure not nearly as entertaining as I made it. Oh no way. But you realize thanks to Chief Channel. Here is a market number 10 or 11 market in the country depending on which server you look at.
We don't have an all news station anymore. Do you realize that? That's right. I mean when Chief Channel bought all those stations from buddy bud passion and they kept switching and swapping them around.
W. I. N. Z. At that point was all news. Do you remember that? Yes. Okay. And W. I. D. was like talking sports and whatever. Now I. O. D. which is supposed to be the news station. They got news in the morning and whatever they feel like it if there's something like extra special like condolese. They stick that on their. I guess. But other than that it's just a company of the same top crap year everywhere. You know they rush and rush junior there.
A time the Schmender whatever his name is the afternoon. And the fill of course Mr. right wing. Are you sure? Yeah. And that's it. Just the same prefabricated crap year anywhere in the country there. And I. N. Z. is our effects now. It's all sports. We're still got to get his guess from clearance. So we got no all news station. In a major market. That is a disgrace. So the point I was trying to make is that I guess unless you're from Detroit and Detroit is number three. Now with about 30 votes on the pool. You wouldn't appreciate the C. K. W. D. as much. But I just got to play a little bit of this.
Because if you didn't hear the beginning of the show I was channel surfing last night on history channel Canada. There was an hour and a half special on C. K. W. Windsor Detroit. You know the transmitter and the license was Windsor Ontario. But of course Windsor's right across from Detroit.
As I'm sure you're both very familiar. Not. Oh yeah. Well I mean look I don't understand one thing about Floridians. Why is it that you people don't go anywhere? Why why why? I don't get it. Where do I have to go?
I never have to go anywhere. Where have you been? Other than Vegas. Where have you been? New York. Big deal. Michigan. And land where? We're in Michigan. And Auburn. Yeah. Well then you should know Detroit and Windsor. Sure.
You should know Detroit Windsor almost as well as you know how he rose in the Johnny most. I know. Twenty news guys. They were disjockeys without music. Have the same energy level. We were the same radio station. The same audience. A lot of snappy writing. A lot of alliteration. A lot of short sound bites. And they had the big sound. There that. And everybody knew that something was going to happen. You knew something was going to happen.
There was something that when you walked in the broadcast booth. Do your news casting and went boom boom boom. You just felt this adrenaline rush. And then you had teletype a 40 teletype underneath you the whole time. And it was like driving you. I flew with the Thunderbirds once and they give you a little training on when you go through the G forces. You have to breathe like this and tense up and that helps you to not black out. Well that's what we would do during the news.
I mean you could actually work a sweat up in there. Just had a much more music and Frank Brody. This is Rendled Harleil. What a 20 news. The first time I went on the air. I threw up three times before I before I went in the booth to do my newscast because it just seems so big.
It was it was huge. We had 24 people in the news department. Nobody had that kind of staff. We had bureaus in Detroit at the city county building. We had a bureau down at the city hall in Windsor. We had reporters all over the place. That doesn't happen in radio anymore.
The 2020 news had a presence in the community that was grand in scale. The style that soon became internationally notorious. When Dick Smite left CKLW in 1968 to work in Toronto. He handed over the news director rings to a 19 year old protege from Alberta and Gary Mac.
Mac changed his name to Byron McGregor. Then he changed the sound of the big eight news. The news department takes on the personality of the news director. And Byron McGregor was a character.
He was sort of a god to us all. I think those are some of the news businesses to listen to him. He was big tall, lean, muscular. They drove a fancy. We used to have news cars back then. They were Camaros. They had the big engines in them and had CKLW emblazoned on the side. 2020 news. Byron was a stickler for good writing. And that's one thing Byron banged into our heads. You have to write. You have to write.
I think the US stations were afraid of that style of writing. They used everyday images to write news stories that when you heard it, you went, whoa.
Motor City Mayor Roman Grips has a mad on for an unidentified rapist of butcher night wielding pervert, cornered a secretary of the elevator at Detroit City County Building and road her to a vacant seven floor and proceeded to sexually assault her.
Guards are now being considered for future surveillance of the crime spain seven floor. Lee Marshall, 2020 news. Oh boy. Oh boy is right. Back in the day. You're living in the past again. You're writing.
You know something sometimes they ain't so bad live in the past because radio today sucks. Now you ever heard anything like that? Didn't you? No, I'm trying to do that breathing exercise.
Yeah, but can't do it with food in your mouth. I feel so bad about that. Your dog. In fact, they're probably going to be some dog lovers waiting for you when you get off today. I hope so. If they saw my dog, they'd love it.
They would love them, but they'd say, please lose some weight. Lose some weight is what they would say. Have you seen a movie Fatso with Dom Delewase?
I have not. Ah, do I need to see it? Of all the people, the beast and you of all the people I know in the world now. Fatboy forget about that because he's hopeless and you probably are too. What? But how about that?
The honey tune. Yeah. You mean you don't even know what that's all about. I do not. Well, go and rent it or buy it or steal it. Fatso with Dom Delewase and Anne Bancrop today. I take all your advice on movies. I watch. Well, really you will. You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll maybe commit suicide.
You'll just love that movie. Fatso. That's probably your family is preventing you from seeing it because they're you know, you're sheltered and they want to keep you fat. It's possible. It's a it's a do thing. It's possible. Fat in Jewish 26 after one at five, 60 WQM. Hey, when you shop for quality footwear, even if you have fat feet like Tom Welling with a size 14. Wow. They got great selection, professional service and unbelievable service at. What did I just say Brandy shoes? The only place to go there in Pomano Beach at Brandy's you find the biggest selection. Men's a woman. Choose the best service. And I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach.
And no one will come home today. I mean being an enchantior with your beautiful relatives. You can see...Hey, then activism. I would love to see. I would love to see people. It's cool to see people. But...I hope that can happen. And when we see people celebrities like Tom Welling with their...on their license...We'll see how they do everything. In Christbastaya importance is that they run a little fee fair and running. So...When I...
in the same great location they've been peddling shoes for a long, long time now.
1290, North Federal Highway and Pompo, and obitutes, it's always worth the trip no matter
where you are.
And right now, even better savings than usual because it's a red-tack clearance sale
at Brandy Shoes, which means bigger and better savings than ever at Man's and Women's
Famous Brand-Name Shoes at Brandy.
So be sure and stop in or for more info, check them on the web at Brandy's Shoes with
two S's Brandy Shoes dot com.
Well, I've never thought I'd find the guy to ride that I've been to the round-ditch today.
Now, in the classic set of wheels, fixed up the way a brother would fly to be.
Now, we've been keen in shining and the dribbest cold and the dyes of the machine.
I've got some kind of liquid-carry, yo.
Da baby, open a good auditory-carry and be baby-proof.
Da baby, shining little-ville-littles-melly machine.
If the suspect chipped out to a bounce down the road in a big, dead-a-suprem-tow-way.
Now, with the authors, stop the big deals of the ill-gitter-round-a-peach-and-for-brains.
I've got 79, my own bone-catalena.
She's so looking bad now, it's my baby-catalect.
Da baby, open a good auditory-carry and be baby-proof.
Da baby, shining little-ville-littles-melly machine.
Yo!
Da baby, open a good auditory-carry and be baby-proof.
I've got my windows down on the hearts of the day because the case he don't work no way.
Sweating fresh with all seeds, knocks the smell and gets the dusty-wagged-o-the-time.
I'm a back-to-new finder, shiny-grand-its-the-like-line.
Thanks, my coffee-channet-dupers, I'll be washing it with all the roll.
Ha!
The more baby-rear.
Open a good auditory-carry and be baby-proof.
Da baby, Michael Schockick-Weeves going over speed-flops in the school.
Da baby, fresh with Lauren Tirey, you'll be fancy to be baby-proof.
Da baby, fresh with baby-proof.
132.560, you probably wonder why I played that today.
Yeah, why is that?
Because we still can.
All right.
Well, I mean, anything that's in the DCS here that, you know, one of these days,
oh, well, you can't do that because it's this, it's, you know, whatever.
So anything that might be even a little teeny-tiny question mark,
for example, while we're listening to Dr. Clark, I mean, Dr. Rice this morning,
all that business going on.
I mean, even though it's the edited version, you never know what I'm going to say,
oh, I can't do that because that means the piano kick in there sounds off the ground.
It's the other one, nothing.
Right?
Yeah.
So who the hell knows when it outweighed?
When it out, pull it right out when you still can.
U.S., this, I'm not going to read this whole thing.
It's on our website.
It's much too long and I'm going to put you into a coma.
But this is really just something to give you an idea of just what many eggs we've got running this country.
U.S. Neocons from nation-building to religion-building.
One thing that can be said about U.S. Neoconservatives is they don't lack for ambition.
We need an Islamic Reformation deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz,
invited on the eve of the U.S. invasion of Iraq last year, and I think there's real hope for one.
Echoing those views one year later, another prominent Neoconservative,
Daniel Pipes of the Philadelphia-based Mid-East Forum recently declared that
the ultimate goal of the war on terrorism had to be Islam's modernization,
or as he put it, religion building.
Such an effort needs to be weighed down only on the Islamic world geographically speaking-added pipes,
who last year was appointed by President Bush to the Board of Directors of the U.S. Institute for Peace,
but also among Muslims in the West, where in his view they're too often represented by Islamist or militant Islamic organizations.
Pipes is currently seeking funding for a new organization, tentatively named the Islamic Progress Institute,
which can articulate a moderate modern and pro-American viewpoint on behalf of U.S. Muslims,
and that according to a grant proposal by Pipes and Tunis-based foundations obtained by IPS,
can go head-to-head with the established Islamist institutions.
So in other words, they're going to change their religion. How do you like that?
All right.
So you'll believe what we tell you to believe.
Now see, I think that's fine if they would do the same thing with fundamentalist Christians,
and with Orthodox Jews. I think that's sensational.
It'll never happen.
Or probably the best- I had the best idea of all, of course,
and that is just eliminate all religion, all that good old time religion, man.
Just eliminate all of it. Right now.
Wake up to a much happier.
Then you won't have to worry about the Shiites and the Sunnis and about the Hindus and the Kurds,
and the Kurds and the way and all this other crap.
It's crap is what it is. It's just a big bundle of crap, and nobody in the media wants to talk about that.
Right after 9-11, they had Muriel Cuomo on there when the last time we saw him as a talking head,
what an idiot to come.
Well, I think what we need to do first is find out what these people were up,
what their issues are with us, why they were angry at us.
And I thought to myself,
You turd!
Boy!
Any respect that I used to have from Muriel Cuomo was right down the toilet.
Can you believe that?
We have to find out what their gripe is with us.
How is that going to work?
Why are they angry?
Yeah, I thought that.
As if to somehow legitimize the idea that if you're angry,
you don't like the way we live or think or what, or what, given too many,
I don't even want to go into it.
I'm going to get all whipped up into a frenzy and ain't going to change nothing.
Are we going to have a sit down with them?
Just like all of this crap with the Ariel Shiro and the Israelis and all the other garbage that's going on.
I mean, it's right there in front of your face.
How come we're not a little bit more engaged?
How come we don't say to him,
Hey, any more of these assassinations in this other bull crap
and keep building up big fence that you're building?
Guess what?
We're going to cut off all those billions of dollars and four and eight.
You're going to be sitting there eating old-stale halivas, what you're going to be doing.
Even the match is going to be still.
Even on Paisosk, Ariel, how come we don't do that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, see I can all worked up about nothing.
Right?
Yeah, don't do that.
Let's get back to the poll, okay, and I'm going to get away from this crap.
What American city that you love that you used to love has been turned into a toilet.
CLA is just an honor.
Moments has already got three votes. It'll do well.
L.A. is so sad.
467 votes.
Miami 256, though.
Miami's way ahead of the pack.
Key West 49, Detroit 32, Atlantic City 25, for Lauderdale 19, New Orleans 18, Hollywood 17,
and Patterson, New Jersey 16.
That's pretty impressive, Ruth.
How many people in Patterson, New Jersey?
About 30 men.
And it's got 16 votes.
So not for overwhelming endorsement there by the residents of Patterson, the former residents of Patterson, New Jersey.
Now let me just suggest this to you.
Anybody in this audience have any ethnic or other persuasion who would have the caulons or the ignorance to say,
we made Miami what it is today.
That's probably not a good thing to say, you know.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Yes.
There are those people who say, oh, Miami wouldn't be crap.
We made it what it is today.
And then of course, wow.
Come to QA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, where's George?
Why, you want to date?
Not today, but maybe next week.
Okay, he'll be back next week.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing today?
Pretty good.
I have a question.
Do you think this would be too far as best of a hypothetical that Bush and Company knew this was going to happen and they let it happen?
So they had an excuse to go to war without your act?
No, I don't think that happened.
I mean, I have to, that's crossed my mind.
It's probably crossed everybody's mind.
But I just can't believe that anybody would be that cynical.
But I do know, I don't believe.
I know it.
That Romsfeld and Wolfowitz and Cheney, that this crowd of Neocons, they were waiting for something to happen.
So as to use it as an excuse, which is why in the very day it happened, it was you read about in the Clarks book and Paul O'Neal.
The very day it happened, the first thing they were talking about, especially Romsfeld, we got to get a rack.
Now is the time to get a rack.
This was the opening that they were waiting for.
Yeah, because I didn't, I watched this thing for Bush in the school room and there's just like no real reaction from them.
Right.
Because if he already knew it.
And he sat there for five minutes.
Yeah.
All right, buddy, you have a good day.
And you too, Palli.
Just keep that in mind, November, okay, when you go to vote.
Keep that in mind, the back of your mind or maybe in the front of your mind, okay?
What did they know and when did they know it?
I still do not for the life of me understand why the impeachment hearings aren't going on right this second.
And again, it goes to show it is pure, technical thing with the American public and with his right wing fundamentalist.
Here is Clinton.
No, he lied about sex.
So a big stinking deal.
Who the hell doesn't lie about sex, right?
Yep.
What the hell is that guy doing with a price of peanuts and a price of gas?
Well, by the way, President Bush, thanks for that low price of gas.
Right.
Long time live, I'll never forget that punk that schmuck that called in a few months ago.
Some kid giving us a smarty ass right after the Iraq attack started.
Oh, thank you, Mr. President, for the wonderful low prices on gas we're going to have, right?
Yeah, right.
And we got gas all right.
Too bad we can't play those sounds anymore.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm looking at the website.
Baltimore is in Maryland, MD, not ML.
And Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania, PA, not PN.
Oh, my God, Josh.
Oh, my PN.
What else PN?
Philadelphia, PN.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
I appreciate it.
We got somebody out there in the audience with a, I mean, come on, Josh.
Philadelphia, PN.
Yeah, I don't know what else I'm thinking there.
PA, PA, PA, get with it.
What's the other one, Baltimore, Maryland?
What do you got for Maryland?
ML.
Oh, no.
MD, and see, I told you, the city's that it's pretty obvious, but you wanted to be a smarty
pants.
You wanted to show off how smart you are.
And I guess you have.
So the city's there, obviously, like California, which at least I'm good as he was born
or he's got the CA right.
But I think that most, most people know where most of these cities are, but the reason we
did that with a few of them like Rochester's, because how many Rochester's are there?
About 30, man.
Right.
And then it even puts FL on Miami as if we don't know.
But that's okay, because it was a great point of conversation.
And maybe you might actually learn something like find another endeavor or work.
You know, we could paint something.
20 till two.
Look at this.
There's that condolese again.
Holden her hand up in there with a big line through her teeth.
This was a fairly ineffectual two to three hour session.
Very good.
Very ineffectual as well put.
It was a good summary, but it is a good thing that she's got that big gap because if you're
going to lie through your teeth, it's always a good idea to have that big space in there.
Coat makes it a lot easier.
Just comes right out.
19 till two.
The mad dog at two from Augusta.
From all those blue nose goofballs up there in Augusta, who are playing golf, man.
They're doing it.
Can you imagine, talk about green lizard?
Wow.
Can you imagine how many he's pounding back up there?
He is having a time of his life.
Hey, if your mattress is telling you that it's history, it's telling you to a new one.
Isn't it telling you to the smart thing you called 1-800-MACRUS?
Dial MacRUS backs up everything they say in their advertising.
400 percent.
When competitors are aligned to you, you should know it.
For example, when you see a macro said, make now outrageous claims, read the fine print.
Lots of lies waiting for you out there.
Like you see a big head with a big head line that says, no down payment.
No interest.
No payments for 24 months.
The tiny print at the bottom reads like an encyclopedia of disfambers.
Requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sale price.
Many times not a single advertiser would even qualify for financing.
Interest pennilies 21 percent or more.
Shoppers that need financing the most rarely even qualify.
But when you do business with dial MacRUS, the rats have no tiny print, no disclaimers.
In other words, to make a long story short, unlike Condoleezza, they do not lie through
their teeth or any play sales.
When you call 1-800-MACRUS, you'll discover there's never enough to charge for same day delivery.
They take same day orders all day long from kettle to steward, palm beach to Ford Myers.
When you make that easy call, which I've been doing for years, by the way, 1-800-MACRUS,
you pick the date into our delivery window when you want your mattress deliver, when it's
convenient for you, and guess what?
They show up.
So call right now and you'll understand for yourself why 1-800-MACRUS is ranked number
one in overall customer satisfaction.
And dialer mattress reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know
what you're buying, even if you decide not to buy from them.
So do the smart thing like we all do.
Call 1-800-MACRUS.
Just that one easy call is all it takes the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do,
or check them out online at macrus.com.
Dialer mattress 1-800-MATTRES.
De-honest way to buy you a great new bed.
My, my, and look all this is sports radio by 60.
You ain't no way.
hell yeah!
Though god?
And your trail was his name, and it turned off his favourite part, too.
You clicked the channels for the pretty luxury ones, the sports go fine with the food.
In the spring of 19, like the spring before he had done his review, he heard a rumor,
Los Angeles fell and was a time I remember also well.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Black then always has Mars nests.
And when you're earning now, after it's claimed,
When did big bird become an agent for Salah the same?
The night that quay watch perfect ground,
All of those were ringing, the night that quay watch
That bird is mine, this water singing,
Georgia blow a seal, for many for now,
And safety far too.
Absolutely.
I just dropped something on the force that I don't panic.
Do you kind of panic a little bit if there's like a moment of silence?
Yeah, I was wondering.
George always does.
Sometimes I do it on purpose.
Seven hostages, freeing a rack five still held.
Seven South Korean missionaries, abducted by Iraqi militants,
Were free today, but five other foreign
Actuals remain hostages in the country,
According to government, immediate sources.
The South Koreans were among at least a dozen foreigners
Could net, as fighting continued between coalition forces
And Iraqi insurgents in several cities,
Three Japanese and two Israeli Arabs continued to be held
According to media reports.
Not good.
Getting worse every day.
And Rumsfeld's honoree yesterday.
Well, but it's going how it's going.
Not a great comment.
It's going how it's going.
How's it going, Rami?
It's going how it's going?
5670560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles line.
13 same sex couples sued the state in New York on Wednesday seeking to have the state law
That tonight's gay and lesbian couples the right to marry declared unconstitutional.
The case is about ending the discrimination that's currently written into the marriage laws in New York.
Said Donna Lieberman, who I'm sure is not related to Jew Lieberman.
Executive director of the New York Civil liberties union.
Planets include state assembly member Daniel O'Donnell in this part of 23 years.
John Bada, I wonder what Florida Attorney General Charlie Christ will think about that.
And representative Mark Foley upon each county.
The NYC, I view the American Civil liberties union and a private law from our representative
The plaintiffs, the lawsuit charges that state health regulations defining marriages being only
Between the man and the woman violates the state constitution's equal protection privacy and
Do process provision so there you are.
5670560, pound five 60, I'm never going to be the same after hearing about how fat people make their dogs fat.
I mean, I've done it, but then I at least have toned for it.
And the last few years of my dog's life, he was a happy camper.
He wasn't a big fat cow and choking a death like your dog's doing.
No, he's very, my dog is very happy.
How do you know that? He told you that?
Yeah.
You think he's very happy because your ID being happy is being fat.
No, I'm constantly feeding that pit in your stomach.
That's your idea of being happy.
So you think your dog is happy?
No, she's just happy.
She smiles.
Let's see, here's one that says,
Hey, Neo, why don't you put all the stuff you can't play on the ear in a two-hot for radio CD?
We're going to be doing that says Mike.
Also, your show is fabulous.
We're on to be too fabulous.
Let's see, before you go today says this,
back, tell me or somebody out there explain to me this.
When I was growing up in the Midwest during the 60s, my grade school days,
I was taught that the only way for the U.S. to go to war was by a declaration
of war voted by the Senate.
Where went and why did this change that the President can order a strike without any checks?
Well, that's a vague and ambiguous,
in addition to which they did have that resolution,
which Congress weak need, the weak need Democrats, of course,
that, oh, sure, whatever you say.
And then how they say, oh, we didn't really mean that.
They're all over the place, like Kerry.
And I'll carry this.
I hope he wins.
I'm going to vote for him 30 or 40 times.
But he scares me, man.
And he's gone.
You talk about going from where he had all that momentum,
you know, after winning all those primaries.
Yep.
And then everybody turned in support.
And except for Senate,
she's still hanging in there because maybe he'll get to go back to Hawaii.
But, and now it's like he's gone from high gear
and all that enthusiasm to, like, low gear.
He took that vacation.
He came back.
It seems like he's in a coma, doesn't it?
Yeah, it's like he's stuck in traffic.
You see his speech the other day on the economy?
My God, coma inducing.
He made Dave Van Boring seem exciting.
And Josh says, boy, that's quite an accomplishment.
Huh?
Isn't that what Josh just said under his breath?
That's an amazing accomplishment.
He said something about me under his breath.
Probably when I did that.
That's okay.
And I noticed he still hasn't changed his spelling.
Now we're even with you, okay?
It's one thing to be lazy,
but it's another thing to have no self-respect.
He said, uh, I can't, I can't change it.
I can only add it, remember?
Why not?
Oh, you can't change it?
No.
Oh, that Eric, that Nazi Eric up there in Orlando.
He only allows Josh or whoever is the flunky of the moment.
He only allows them to do whatever Eric decides they can do.
Well, how about if he screws up on here?
It makes us all look bad, Eric.
So maybe Eric ought to get on there and do it.
So we don't have to look like a bunch of idiots.
Fill it off your PN, PN, my ass,
and Baltimore, ML, 518 votes on there.
Let's change it around.
Come on, pretty please.
We look so stupid on our highly.
And I will say this, though,
Terry, uh, a coply more than made up for any other deficiencies Eric, my dad.
Do you see that picture?
Yes.
Am I right?
Pretty damn good.
Pretty of a very...
Obviously that third picture.
That's not a very recent picture because she's like 43 or something, almost 43.
Almost 43.
But and maybe or maybe very well preserved.
But that's a fine picture that makes up for some of the fairly weak ones we had.
Like that one at the Lucy Lou.
Oh, God, Josh.
No, I wonder he spells those states like that.
You know, you don't think Lucy Lou's good looking?
I do.
You know when your dog goes out in a backyard and gets in that squatting position,
what he leaves on the ground.
I wish I can't get too graphic now.
Yes.
That's what I think of the way Lucy Lou looks.
But you guys have a great time, man.
Have a field day.
Hey, spring of the savings right now and save like never before in the new car.
Truck from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead.
They're on US 120 minutes south of the 836.
And Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead's worth the drive because they're going to save you so much,
they're going to save you thousands on great new Toyota's.
Check out the great least deals waiting for you right now.
And O4, Camry or 4, it's just 269 a month for 48 months.
How about an O4 Highlander, you pay only 309 a month,
need a truck?
How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in the country?
You pay just 179 bucks a month for 48 months.
And these are just a few of the savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong,
Toyota of Homestead.
General manager David Rich and the staff will do just about anything out of the sun
to make sure they get you a deal and put you in a great new Toyota today.
Experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference.
Localeel and operator, they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction too.
The service department's open weeknight's late to late to make sure they get all the work done for you.
And it's easy to find them.
They're at US 1 and 293rd Street in Homestead,
just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
And Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead, listen to this.
Offers your free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life.
You heard me right.
Tires, batteries and free parts for life.
Nobody else does that.
No where.
So don't waste your time at those mega dealers.
The car giants will always give you a big song in advance.
Do the smart thing called David Rich, the GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead right now.
Call 305-242-3247.
That's 305-242-3247.
Drive a little and save a ton on the great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead.
My name is Localeel and this is 516.
The radio's on your side.
I'm a huge fan.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominant people killed
with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there,
the Toyota man, the right wing is drilling it over and over into our head.
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
3000 people killed.
Our now forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey there's oil to be counted.
Going after satam to play Kato Sama,
there's no longer mention of the name in Latin,
but no one seems concerned all.
Come fee and complacence, believe in every word
of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the E.M.
manipulation and the right wing.
He's drilling it over and over and over into our heads.
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hawkers, all are saying.
Line-Opedian cattle don't have any reservation.
Out of roboque, battle, and world annihilation.
Old machines must fall and have a virgin installed
with no objection at all.
Them aircraft don't have a fault and the right wing is drilling it over and over.
To operate wasp is irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Absolutely only irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Okay, so we're just about done here.
We got the man dog coming next from the golf thing from the master's baby.
You know what Zach says?
That's the biggest polar crap.
You know what you said before?
It's the most prestigious golf thing.
Most prestigious blue nose.
Look down, you know, is that all them other flunkies.
And certainly, then women, I would like to be there.
They want to be people and women.
Anyway, what American city that you used to love is turned into a toilet,
a sewer, a outdoor septic tank, and look at that.
Miami nobody can touch us, baby.
295 votes.
Key West is second 56 and Detroit, be having 36.
Atlantic New Jersey.
But third man.
Not bad.
And Eric, thanks a lot for coming up.
Josh's sad ass.
Bye bye bye.
I'm going to watch a show on 5cq and my backup.
I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated.
